 I apologize for the long delay on this chapter. I'd like to thank the readers and fans of the beginning of Ryan's new life.

I'd also like to thank the editors!!




I knew something was off when I found my outfit for the day. A visor. That was it, no shorts, no shirt. It was getting much colder outside, and this (lack of) outfit had me curious, and dreading the day at the links. 

Master had finished breakfast and told me to do my normal morning routine. So I showered, had my enema, and put in my plug. I placed the visor on my head and waited at the front door of the guest house, waiting for Master to return. As I waited I couldn't help but wonder what was going on. Before he walked out the door he had said.

"Put on some of the sunblock in the bathroom. I'll be back in a bit." He closed the door behind him, and locked it. I had used the creamy white sunblock on my face and arms. As well as my legs below mid thigh. I made sure the back of my neck, and tops of my feet were treated as well. 

"Did he have something he was going to give me to dress in on the way?" I wondered. When he returned and opened the door, I could feel the cold air slam into me. Shivers racked my spine, shortly after goose bumps covered my skin. He attached a leash to my collar and had me follow him out of the house. He stopped to close and lock the door, then casually walked across the grounds to the driveway. He was wearing khaki's with a polo shirt, covered by a insulated windbreaker. 

"Damn it's cold this morning. Should be good and warm by nine though." He said. I had glanced at the clock before we walked out. It was only six-thirty. As I was pulled down the cobblestone pathway, now shivering uncontrollably, I wondered when the tee time was. It had only taken about 30 minutes to get to the course the first and second time. That meant two hours of being chilled by winds if the tee time was upon arrival. 

The trunk popped open remotely. His clubs were inside already. The last two weeks I had ridden in the back seat of the luxury coupe. However, now I was now ordered to get into the trunk. I did so, uncomfortably, as he tossed the leash in after me, then nonchalantly slammed the trunk closed. 

The ride was much colder in this space. At that moment I felt much like the golf clubs that I rode with. Equipment for his game. My mind was clear as to the difference of how the Judge saw me, and how Master Dan saw me. I was reflecting on all of the differences so deeply, I had managed to make it through the entire trip without begging for warmth. The car came to a stop. I felt the car do the usual motions of parking.

The drivers door opened, then closed. I waited patiently for the trunk to open as I heard the footsteps first, get closer, then they began to drift away. 

"Uh....is he going to let me out???" I thought. The footsteps got further away. During the 30 minute trip some of the heat had reached into the trunk. Now stopped, and a breeze working over the car, the heat was dissipating. I began to shiver uncontrollably again. I stayed curled in the fetal position, desperate to keep whatever warmth I had left inside of me. I tucked my hands in my armpits, and pushed my ass against a quarter-panel with my feet between the rough carpet and my globes. 

Time slowed. Every minute was now an eternity of suffering. I tried to distract myself from my condition, but nothing worked. I tried to think about Master Dan and how I would be seeing him soon...if I lived. I couldn't concentrate. All I could think of was survival. Even my breathing seemed very slow. I was getting tired, yet I thought there would be no way I could sleep with my body shaking so violently. My eyelids were heavy. 

Footsteps. Voices.

"Yeah, Can't believe he went for it. Just five hundred per person! I thought this was a popular course!" The Judges voice. My Master's voice. **Click** The trunk opened. Now the bracing wind had access to my already cold body. Raped by men, raped by the elements...."Slavery is suffering." I couldn't hold normal thoughts.

A tug at my collar. Pulled out of the trunk. My legs have given way. The pavement is even colder. 

"Christ man, you leave your boi in there the whole time we had breakfast?" The unknown man said.

"Yeah, where else was I to store him?" Master said. 

"The fucking caddies lounge, tee time isn't for another hour, I'm surprised he's alive." The man said.

"Senator, I won't tell you how to zone your districts if you don't tell me how to treat my property." Master laughed. The Senator seemed to keep a serious tone.

"The company has rules man. I outrank you in both places...Public and Company." The Senator said. My Master growled lightly, I was right next to his neck. I don't think the other man heard it.

"You aren't Governor yet." My Master said, "When you are, it's partially MY doing". 

Master got me standing after four attempts. I finally supported my own weight. I got to see the Senator. He was a short man with a receding hairline and thick glasses. His clothes looked impeccable compared to Masters. Master's words must have rattled him, as he changed the subject.

"Who are you playing today?" The senator asked.

"Danny, from Social Services." Master was holding me up by an arm, as each gust of wind made my knees collapse. He put the golf bag on his own shoulder after an exasperated sigh. Pissed off, no doubt, I couldn't carry them for him yet. Not with numb feet and legs.

"What's your beef with him?" The Senator asked.

"This cunt." Master said plainly. "I paid way too much for him for a talent I have to wreck to get my money back." He grumbled.

"Oh so this is "Chef"? The Senator frowned. "One of my cunts went to that party with my brother. You telling me that you are freezing a prime piece like this on purpose?" The Senator had a bit of an angry tone. 

"Zones...Property....Right GOV??" Master spat.

"Yeah, yeah, fine. Let me just say, thank you for the help, but I will be returning your election contribution. In fact, I will put money against you in this match, and let Danny use my clubs. They are Pings. Nice "Spaldings" by the way." The Senator shook his head and walked away.

I was enjoying the moment when I felt a very hard tuck on my leash. I followed Master into the clubhouse, and then was led into a room with other naked slave bois. It was warm. My Master threw the leash end at my face and closed the door as he left, I sat down next to a heater vent and began to gain painful feeling back into my hands and feet.

"Chef? That you?" I looked to my left and saw Gary. He'd lost weight, he looked great!

"Gary? H-h-holy sh-sh-shit." I was still dealing with residual tremors.

"Yeah golden princess, it's me. You will not believe what I have to tell you!!!" He ran over to me from across the room and sat on the carpet next to me. He rifled off information at me so fast, I had to ask him to repeat it twice.



"Double or nothing, you heard me right. You get half the farm, 12 slave bois, including Ryan, and the Senator will drop out of the race and name you as his successor." Dan was not smiling, he had heard from the staff how well the Judge did in practice rounds. "I will also give back to you, 200k."

"I paid you 250K in cash. Thought you said 'double or nothing'" The Judge responded smugly.

"The election contributions will fund your run for Governor, Ray. That's actually 12 times the money you paid for Ryan." The Senator fired off. "4 million."

Judge Ray looked to be thinking about it. Dan looked at the State Senator for reassurance. Barry closed his eyes slowly and nodded. Out of eye shot of the Judge, he gave a thumbs up.

"If I lose the match?" Judge Ray asked.

"You step down from the bench, leave the Company with only one of your loyal slaves you gave to Dan, and Ryan is returned to Dan." Barry said nonchalantly.

The Judge blinked at him. He was in disbelief. He forced a smile. 

The Judge walked to one of the course officials and asked a quick but damaging question.

"The last time Danny was here, what did he shoot?" He stared down the poor elderly gentleman.

"I believe it was a four over Master Ray." The old man answered. The Judge turned back to the men. 

"Okay. Deal. I don't know what you are trying to pull, but it isn't going to work. Oh, and one condition." Ray said.

"Name it." Dan smiled.

"We trade caddies." Ray smiled back. Dan shrugged, and agreed. This was a smart move the Judge had made. Ryan disliked the Judge. Gary had no opinion, and thus would not be apt to screw up on purpose. Not that Gary would have any effect on the game, just spotting balls. 

*****

"What the fuck is wrong with him cunt!" Master Dan grumbled at Gary.

"He is near frozen Master, he'll be moving slow all day. He's weak." Gary said from his knees, Gary didn't like this new arrangement either.

"Master, I need to leave, The Judge is calling for me." Gary had fear in his throat.

"Go. Do him no favors boi!" Dan yelled as Gary began to walk. 

"Never Master, I love you, and only you, as my Owner, Master and protector!" Gary smiled as he looked, then walked backwards. 

I was next to a heater, drinking water, Gary had told me what had transpired. Master Dan walked into the caddy shack.

"You want to come home?" Master Dan asked me in a tone that would match the sentence - "Do you like to breathe oxygen?"

I couldn't answer I just lowered my head and raised my hands to him. 

"Okay good Chef, I need you to tell me everything that drives him nuts. Bad manners, subjects of conversation he doesn't like...anything you gleaned while in that place." Dan knelt next to me waiting for an answer.

Protocol told me I would just simply answer his question. However I was near delirious. What actually came out of my mouth was:

"He hates loud chewing, and he hates me and you and Gary and I wanna come home and I love you, you were good to me, and I love Gary please save him Master Dan!" I took a breath.

"Ryan, calm down. You are coming home. You and Gary will get to spend a lot more time together. What else unnerves him?" He spoke softly in my ear like a parent, or a counselor. I looked back directly in his eyes with utter disbelief.

"Lack of respect for his station Sir Dan." I didn't understand how he hadn't grasped that. I was wrong of course, Dan had known that for years. He just was looking for something new. 

"I will carry my clubs for the first four holes, after that you will have to do it." Master Dan said. I nodded. We were now walking toward the first hole. I looked over at Gary who had a grimace on his face as he lugged the Judges clubs. His legs and ass looked like they belonged to a race horse. Tight and rippled the right way. 

"Bitch, would you like some gum?" Master Dan asked me as we got to the first tee. As I was still shivering, I didn't get the hint right away, till Master Dan made a chewing motion out of sight of the Judge.

"Yes Sir. Thank you Sir." Master Dan handed me a stick of Juice Stick gum and I popped it my mouth. Right about the time that the Judge was lining up his tee shot I began to gnaw at the gum like a cow on it's cud. 

He shot me a dirty look and then cut through the ball landing on the edge of the fringe on the par 4 hole. 

"We're fucked." Gary whispered.

Master Dan put his drive on the far side of the hole by bouncing on the green twice. Master Dan was six feet closer, just 17 feet away, and near "eagle" range.

"No....we are not.... little brother." I said as I took the bag from Master Dan and lugged it to the green. I had new energy all of a sudden.

By the fifteenth hole it had gotten ugly. Master Dan was a one shot in the lead. Insults had been thrown by both men, but the Judge was getting more vicious in his verbal assaults. At the end of the fifteenth the score was tied. 

The judge chipped one in from the rough, and he gave a smug grin to Dan and the Senator.

The score stayed tied after the sixteenth. On the seventeenth, Dan nailed a 45 foot putt and took the lead. He kept the lead through the eighteenth. Dan had the senator whisk Gary and I away in his car before the Judge put the putter away on the 18th green. 

"This is bullshit Daniel, and you know it." Ray slammed his clubs into the slave-less trunk.

"I'm not here to listen to you complain." Daniel said calmly. He carried a clipboard with him.

"Why are you here?" The Judge barked.

"I have a couple things for you to sign. Your resignation, and Ryan's title." Daniel handed him the clipboard and a pen.

"And if I don't?"

"You will be prosecuted for over 700 counts of rape, 32 counts of slavery, 32 counts of kidnapping....." Daniel was interrupted.

"You FUCKING cunts!" He said as he scribbled his name on several sheets of paper. After he signed the papers he threw the the clipboard and pen at Dan and opened his car door. 

"Have Jeremy delivered to my house by tonight!" He got into his car and slammed the door. 

*****

Daniel arrived at the Senator's house an hour later. A stunning young slave answered the door. 

"Sir Daniel I presume?" The boi asked.

"Yes." 

"My Master and your slaves are in the parlor. Right this way please." The slave bowed to Daniel and lead him deep into the house. A couple of right turns later he found Gary and Ryan. The Senator was enjoying a foot massage from one of his bois.

Daniel admired the slave as they walked. The boi couldn't have been older then 20. His hard back gave way to a round bubble butt almost as big as Ryan's. It was clear why the Senator kept him. 

"Oh hey Daniel. I was just telling the bois what life will be like on the farm. This one..." He pointed to Gary. "...says you already started his pony regiment." 

"Yes, I'm going to have him as my alpha in the fields. How is the recruiting going?" Daniel took a seat and waved me over from the floor where I was sitting. I took a seat at Daniel's feet. 

"The investors were easy. All of the new members that the Judge had lined up are getting their rejection letters tomorrow. I found better candidates quickly. We bought the adjacent farms to the we own with the extra funds. Now all we have to do is buy up all of the slaves for sale within the company, and then try to find about a hundred more..."volunteers"." The senator lit a pipe.

"What do you need from me?" Daniel looked excited by the news. 

"The volunteers." The older official stated. Daniel's stomach dropped. 



On the way home Gary and I whispered back and forth. 

"You cunts look happy, I'm glad to see that. I should inform you that after I get some of your ass, over the weekend, you are both going to be put to work. Chef, you are back on computer detail. Only, this time, you'll be combing every BDSM singles website on the net. We will be needing new people on the farm. You will get 2 people a day. Tell them whatever they want to hear. Offer what ever you have to. I will give you 2 weeks to start getting their interest. In four weeks, I expect to be receiving 2 slaves everyday." Dan explained.

"Yes Master." That was going to be impossible. My face must have shown my pain.

"Gary. You have just as much work in front of you. There are going to be 40 ponies at the farm in one month. You and three others are going to be the field alphas. You had better be the strongest one out there. That clear?"

"Yes Master." Gary's face now matched mine. 

"Good." Dan said nothing the rest of the way home. 

I walked into the back door of the house and walked up the stairs. Nothing had changed in the house. It soothed me. I felt truly happy to be home. My proper owner, proper home, proper collar.

I felt Gary grab one arm, and Master grab the other. They dragged me from the slave room to the master bedroom. Gary sat on the bed at the headboard. His swollen meat pointed right at my face. A shove from Master explained what was going on. I fell forward into Gary's lap. 

"C'mon chef, you didn't forget did you?" Gary laughed. 

I regained my balance on all fours and plunged Gary's cock down my throat happily. As soon as I settled into a decent rhythm, I felt him pull my plug out. It was quickly replaced with that I missed most. I swear I could feel every vein on him. He filled me perfectly. I couldn't help but grunt with approval, and moan when Gary's clit allowed me breath.

Gary grabbed my head. It was disappointing. I was hoping he'd last a bit longer He held my head to his groin and gave me his worthless clit juice. Even after his pitiful 5 inch clit became much smaller, I still gently nursed on it as Master took his rightful place in my cunt. 

Master had no issues with endurance. He took my oral toy away from me when he flipped me over and put my ankles next to my ears. 

Now he slammed into me. He was close. 

"You are mine forever boi. You are never going to be away from me again." He said in the cadence of his pounding. His face changed, he held he down and arched his back. I felt his cum blast into me as his long, fat meat pumped it into me. He collapsed on me. My head laid on Gary's thigh. Master laid between my legs. 

We fell asleep.

END OF THIS SERIES

"FARM BOI'S LIFE" 

Coming soon.