 Ch. 2.2: Undercover Nurse part 2

Before I learned about rimming my purpose in life was undefined. Once I discovered how to make a great big man quake and moan with pleasure by tonguing and nibbling on his tender ring, I understood what I was meant to be. An arse licker. From day one, it was apparent, with no tuition, I could do it. I was receptive until that time then men were begging me to fuck them. Even men who never usually want to be fucked. It was like getting a drivers license! 

Well, there was not mistaking, this man was appreciative of my speciality. I kept hold of his weighty ball sack, tugging and making his cock bounce against his hairy abdomen, a fine thread of precum sticking and stretching down in an arc catching the light. I gently settled my face into the hot furry cleft, simply enjoying the pleasure of that lovely place. I breathed into the dark chasm and gently teased some of the sensitive hairs with my tongue. He reached back and with a cheek in each hand opened for me. How kind!

My tongue got to work on the soft flesh surrounding the pucker and afterwards pulled him back with his balls to impale him gently and repeatedly on my extended tongue. I motioned for him to kneel and he went down on all fours in front of me. unwillingly letting go his delighted balls (it is at moments like these I wish I had more hands), I was able to grip him myself and really get to work. As I get on with the job I require a good deal of pressure and strength to really open up and eat a guy. Having started with gentle lapping, I will eventually devour. Getting my tongue right in requires pressing back the cheeks hard and really pushing face lips tongue and teeth into the action. Once this process begins I tend to lose myself a bit as it it gives me such profound pleasure, but the main course is yet to come.

I rolled him over on his back and we 69d for a good while, at which point I discover that not only is his sucking more sophisticated and accomplished than mine, he likes to be choked and favors the under position with my weight pressing into his incredibly agile throat muscles. I pulled off his cock lifting up his powerful legs so that his knees were held behind my shoulders and I once again had full possession of his hole. Here again it is a big help to be compact and strong. I was in heaven. My face eating that mound of man meat and my cock in the throat of an expert sucker up to my bollocks. As I gobbled and chewed pleasure noises gurgled along the shaft of my penis and tickled my balls and his little moans and squeaks of ecstasy encouraged me with full marks and a gold star for analingus. My own pleasure escaping in gasps and sighs as I ate.

What it is that stirs me from such joy, I don't know. I am not a dominant or even particularly assertive man and I don't look for trophies in sex encounters but when a man is good and ready to be fucked I suppose it just happens and I break off from the biting tonging and sucking. Like most men I resent condoms and like most gay men found the first few times problematic, now I just do it without thinking, skin up lube up and on with the game. On this occasion I was able to reach my pocket without moving and the requirements were in my hand, the condom un-peeled without needing to slide my tool out into the open air or letting my partner's feet back down and losing the moment. Acknowledging that the moment had come he took the rubber from me and rolled it on my saliva slick member with a considerable dexterity. I passed him the sachet of lube and again without letting down his feet, I moved around to kneel at his awaiting butt. I pushed my hips at him and he smeared my rod with the cold goo. I raised his feet so that the backs of his knees rested on my shoulders leaving my hand free and his body braced against mine. 

We fitted together like a glove, the first time as if my cock had all the data it needed for a perfect docking procedure. My face certainly knew the geography very well. The supple lips embraced my cockhead like a long lost friend and with this meeting in progress I reached for his tight fur-bound nipples. His head nodded backwards and his back arched up and I aloud my swollen pork to slide slowly in vein by throbbing vein. To get a big man in this position, a man bigger and heavier than me is an unbelievable thrill and privilege. His cock head dribbled silvery stickiness into his navel and he repeatedly clenched his ring to greet my plunger. I leaned heavily on him and into a prolonged probing kiss giving him the oral replacement for my cock with my searching tongue.

Why I just didn't blast there and then I don't know but I take a long time to climax as a rule. I knew it was not too far to the finishing line. 

His natural lubricant smeared our bellies as I pulled away from his mouth and backed my cock to the portal of his arse. Grasping his nipples I rocked back and forth using my body weight against his, sliding the crown of my cock head into and out through his ring. He made little fishy motions with his lips and laughed, a thing I so value in sex as an aphrodisiac. I drove in and upwards against his prostate, he panted loudly and strongly three times, let out a low throaty grunt and as if by magic he let fly his cum which shafted it's way up his belly in a stark white line through the dark hairs to a point between his heaving pectoral muscles. I felt four spasms in my cock as his sphincter clamped down on me. Chest heaving, one more grip around the base of my tool and one final blast shot forward with a stifled bellow to lie in the hirsute flood meadow before me. He was spent.

I lowered his quivering body gently allowing my hungry rod to slide out, I let down his heels stripped my condom and lapped up his strongly aromatic seed. I moved to straddle his chest and he grinned as my erection aligned to his waiting mouth. I pressed inside and down at an impossible angle, my dick straining to bend into that ravishing and ravening tunnel, his throat somehow rippled up and down my length in kaleidoscope of tingling pleasures and I felt my semen, drawn out of me like a sword from a sheath, I bucked and grunted never letting my prick lip back an inch, I came and came and came for what seemed like an age yet he continued to hold me in and relish the starvation of oxygen. 

I wobbled and would certainly have fallen if I'd tried to stand. I withdrew and stroked his bristled cheek his eyes sparkled with delight and mischief and I guessed our afternoon would be a long one. While we lay naked in each others arms, I learned he was a nurse. Surprised, I also learned that he worked in a secure unit for people with severe psychiatric problems and that this was what he liked to do to unwind on his day off. From then on it was what I also liked to do on my days off!