 Pete paced around the apartment for most of Sunday afternoon, unable to turn his mind to anything other than his roommate's imminent return. He was keyed up, nervous, and horny as hell, like a teenager planning on losing his virginity at prom. His manic movements occasionally agitated Dean's cats, and several times he tripped over one of them. He finally filled their bowl with kibble to get them out of his way, and resumed pacing.

The notification of an incoming text message made his heart and his cock leap. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and checked the message. It was, of course, from Dean.

[At drugstore now, getting provisions. Ur fucktoy is almost home. 15 min at most. Everything we planned, it's almost time. Excited??? ;)]

Pete's thumbs moved frantically over his phone's keyboard. [Fuck ya I'm excited, omg dean seriously I've never been so horny in my life]

[Same here lol, it's not easy to walk around!!]

Pete grinned widely. [Hot haha... <3 ballsack lol]

[lololol all the ballsacks back at u <3<3<3 Cya in a few!!!!!]

[Cant wait sailor]

Pete wandered into the bedroom and flopped down on his bed. He rolled onto his side and hugged his pillow to his chest, breathing hard as his heart pounded with dizzying speed. He slid the pillow down and humped it a few times aggressively.

Never would he have expected to be lusting after a dude. The intensity of his desire was overwhelming. The image of Dean in that little Japanese schoolgirl outfit was burned into his consciousness. The curves of his ass beneath that skirt... his hard-on barely concealed.

And lipstick. Dean would wear slutty red lipstick, just for him.

Pete didn't understand why he found all of this so sexy, but he was relieved to finally be embracing it. If Dean hadn't been so eager to meet his desires, he might have remained in denial indefinitely.

He heard the rattle of the lock and instantly rolled out of bed, hurrying to the entrance hallway just as the door was opening. Pete felt an instant attack of nerves and nearly turned to flee, but then Dean stepped in, lugging his big duffel bag and jingling his keys, and paused to stare at him. They both stood frozen for several excruciating moments, and then chuckled apprehensively.

"Hey," Dean said softly. His semi-Japanese eyes were large, dark, and gleaming behind his glasses.

"Hey," Pete replied, glancing over him. In his fantasies Dean had stepped through the door in costume, but he supposed that didn't make sense, being that he had just come from the drugstore. He was in normal street clothes.

"I... still have to get ready," Dean said, smiling somewhat bashfully as he finally shut the door behind him and kicked off his shoes.

"Yeah, um... do you want me to do anything?" Pete shifted his weight from foot to foot and rubbed at the back of his neck. "I mean... I showered for like, half an hour this morning, so...."

They both laughed again.

"You're fine--you're great," Dean replied. "Just... get comfy and wait for me..." His voice grew softer and trailed off as he spoke, and he chuckled once more, his cheeks darkening. His eyes dropped. "I guess this was a lot less awkward when we were texting, hey?"

"Fuck... yeah... this is kinda weird." Pete fidgeted.

Dean frowned a little. "Do you still... want to do this...?" he ventured hesitantly. "I certainly won't be mad if you wanted to back out. I know we got a bit carried away this weekend with the texts."

"Oh no, no--I mean, yeah, I still want to!" Pete said quickly, finding it hard to breathe between words. "I meant... good weird, I guess." He gave Dean a lopsided smile and inhaled deeply. "Um, are you still up for it? I don't want to... make you do anything."

"Pete," Dean said softly. "I... want you to make me do things. That's what I want."

Pete shivered. "O-okay." He paused, licking his lips. "Dean, it's okay if we... don't tell anyone about this, right? Like... if you're gay or something I don't want to make you feel embarrassed about it, but...." He paused and squeezed his eyes shut for a moment, finding it a struggle to gather his thoughts coherently. "But like... if Tony or any of the other guys found out about this...."

"I know--it's okay," Dean assured him. "I wouldn't know how to explain this to anyone either. This is... our thing. Just between us." He smiled.

Pete grinned back at him. "Awesome. Okay... I'll just... wait for you in bed I guess...?"

"Yeah, sounds good. I'll get all ready for you here in the bathroom." He hefted up his bag and smiled even wider. "Oh--hang on one sec! The stuff I got...."

Dean pulled a plastic drugstore bag out of his duffel and stepped forward to hand it over. Pete was strangely careful not to let their hands touch as he took the bag. He glanced inside--it was loaded mainly with different varieties of condoms and lube. "Whoa," he chuckled.

"Yeah, I didn't know what you'd like best," Dean replied, blushing again. "Oh, wait!"

He took the bag back and rummaged through the contents, coming up with a handful of makeup. "These I'll need."

Pete regained the bag and grinned after him as he headed into the bathroom. "Dean!" he exclaimed suddenly.

Dean turned around expectantly, peeking around the doorframe.

"For old time's sake...?" Pete tugged his pants down a little and flashed his roommate. His hard-on sprung up comically. "Gotcha."

Dean burst into laughter and instantly looked much more relaxed. "Yeah... you got me, Pete." He winked and disappeared into the bathroom, uncharacteristically shutting the door behind him.

Pete sat down on his bed and waited anxiously, now and then rubbing at the bulge that tented his pants. He glanced around the room and sighed. It was fairly messy--dirty clothes were scattered all over. Situation normal for the bedroom they shared. Pete felt suddenly remorseful that he hadn't done anything special to welcome Dean home. A half-assed bedroom tidy seemed a bit pathetic as recompense for sexual servicing, but it was something. He got up and started stuffing clothes into a hamper. It passed some of the time while he waited. He spent the rest of the time rummaging through the drugstore bag's contents.

Finally Pete heard Dean's footsteps in the hall--distinctive footsteps that indicated he was wearing those shiny red hooker boots. He tossed the plastic bag onto the small table next to his bed and breathed deeply.

Dean appeared in the doorway, standing tall in his high-heeled boots. He was obviously aroused, as the short skirt of his Sailor Moon costume was sticking up in front. He'd meticulously applied elegant eye makeup, and his lips were ripe and glossy with a coat of intense red lipstick that was every bit as whorish as Pete had hoped.

"How do I look?" Dean asked, batting his eyelashes and smirking a little.

"Oh... hot," Pete breathed. "C'mere."

Dean strode over, swinging his hips, and stood in front of him. His cheeks were dark with lustful anticipation, needing no artificial blush. He slid a hand over his erection, pulling the fabric of his skirt tight around it to emphasize its silhouette.

"Mmm..." Pete sighed, lifting his hands to touch Dean. He hesitated. This seemed harder to initiate in person, and sober.

"Go on," Dean urged. "Whatever you want. Anything--I'm here for anything you want. I don't want you to be embarrassed or shy."

Pete smiled and blushed a little. He took a deep breath and tried to say what was on his mind, but it was a struggle to articulate the sort of filthy talk their recent texts had been filled with. "Fucktoy," he finally whispered, feeling suddenly liberated at being able to say it out loud. His smile widened and he placed his hands on Dean's hips.

"Yes!" Dean agreed enthusiastically, shifting closer to him. "Go on--play."

Pete slid his hands up and down his sides, and across his chest and belly. He noticed Dean was trembling a little.

"Are you sure you're okay?" Pete asked, pausing. "You're shaking."

"Never been okayer," Dean assured him, placing his hands on top of Pete's and pressing them firmly. "It's just... overwhelming. In the best way. Pete... I'm so happy right now."

Pete made eye contact with him. As he drew in deep breaths and exhaled slowly, he realized he was shaking a little himself. "Me too."

Dean sighed contentedly and leaned into his touch as Pete's hands roamed over him. They finally slid down his thighs, past the hem of the skirt, and then back up on bare flesh. Pete's hands reached around and gripped his naked ass, squeezing firmly.

"Turn around."

Dean turned, and he also bent over a little, granting Pete a generous glimpse of his lower cheeks. Pete groaned with pleasure and continued to run his hands all over that tempting flesh.

"Your legs are so fucking smooth!" he exclaimed. "Did you shave?"

"Waxed," Dean chuckled. "Missy helped me. For the cosplay, right? I'm nothing if not committed. You were maybe too drunk to notice last week." He paused, once again pressing closer to Pete's roaming hands. "Do you like it? It hurt like hell, but I'll do it for you. Like, anytime. If you like me like this... I'll do it for the rest of my life."

Pete's hands continued to stroke up and down his smooth thighs, now and then grabbing his behind. "Mmm... so sexy," he marvelled softly. It hit him abruptly what Dean had just said, and his hands paused. "For the rest of your life? What--? What do you think this is?"

Dean turned around quickly, looking stricken and regretful. "I'm sorry--I didn't mean to freak you out," he said quickly. "I'm not trying to lock you into anything here. You have no obligations to me. I just want to... please you. And if having me just tonight pleases you, or for a few months, or forever... that's what I want. Don't worry about me getting my hopes up--I understand you'll probably want a girlfriend at some point, and I'm totally willing to back off, okay? So don't worry. This is... whatever you want it to be, and nothing more."

Pete studied him, at a loss to understand Dean's willingness to put himself completely at another's mercy. It scared him quite a lot to be handed this much control. "Don't you want a girlfriend too?" he finally asked.

Dean shrugged uncaringly. "No, I don't think so. Not anymore. I'm really content right now." He sank down to his knees and grabbed at the waistband of Pete's pants. His big, dark eyes looked unflinchingly into his companion's. "Okay, Pete. I'm gonna suck you off, like we planned. I'm gonna pleasure you just the way you like it... and then if you're up for it, you can fuck me. That's the plan at present. Tomorrow morning if you decide you want to continue with this arrangement, or pretend it never happened, or just take things one day at a time, it's all in your hands. Why don't you just let me take your pants off, and focus on the now?"

"Mmm..." Pete murmured, staring down at him from beneath drowsy eyelids. Everything Dean said reached him only vaguely through a dreamy haze of sex. All he could seem to focus on was Dean's brightly painted lips. "Right now... I just... want that sweet whore mouth on my cock," he huffed.

"Oh hell yes!" Dean growled, tugging harder at Pete's pants.

Pete shifted around to help him remove his pants and boxers, and soon he was stripped from the waist down. He felt a bit self-conscious, but he at least still had his shirt on, and his lust was well beyond control. "Come up here on the bed!" he said urgently, angling himself with care and patting a spot on the bed for Dean to settle. "I want you right here so I can see your ass in that mirror while you blow me."

"Yes, yes!" Dean agreed heatedly, crawling up on the bed and following Pete's instructions. He got on all fours and stuck his behind out, giving a glance over his shoulder to make sure it was pointed squarely at the mirror.

"Perfect--oh fuck, this is so, so perfect!" Pete gasped, glancing between the tempting reflection in the mirror and Dean's sexy mouth. He stroked himself until Dean's hand took over for his, firmly gripping the base of his hard tool. They met eyes and smirked at each other before Dean finally slipped the eagerly oozing tip of Pete's cock past his red lips. Pete's hips jerked immediately.

"Fuck!"

Dean furrowed his brow in passionate determination and took in the entire length of the shaft that his hand didn't cover. Pete gasped and twitched as Dean swirled his tongue around, tightened the grip of his lips and fist, and sucked enthusiastically. They made eye contact periodically. Pete kept his hands busy gripping the blanket beneath him, and divided his attention between watching the eager work of Dean's painted mouth, and the flawless shape of his ass in the mirror, sweetly framed by the perky skirt.

"Ohhh maaaannn..." Pete groaned. "You're so... hot right now. You're so... good at that. I might not last long...."

Dean lifted his head, releasing Pete's saliva-slick hard-on with a little *pop*. He smiled widely and took a few moments to catch his breath while his hand continued to tug and squeeze. His eyes seemed to have grown even darker--his pupils were dilated widely. "I love it!" he gushed, briefly drawing the tip of his tongue across the slit at the tip of Pete's cock. "You taste so good, and I love the way it feels. I'll do this for you as much as you want!"

"Sweet deal!" Pete gasped. "Hey, can you... lick me real good?"

Dean nodded and began licking his shaft and head in long, indulgent strokes. Pete made many approving noises and squirmed with pleasure.

"Okay, suck me now," Pete huffed, becoming more comfortable giving directives. "Suck my dick... you good little whore!"

Dean grinned hugely before taking as much of Pete's cock into his mouth as he could manage and sucking earnestly. Pete thrust into his mouth a little. Dean gagged a few times but continued with eager determination, giving Pete a little nod to indicate all was well.

"So close," Pete moaned after a few minutes of this. "I'm gonna cum in your mouth. Fuck, take it all... naughty little... cumslut!" He broke off with a deep growl and then dropped his jaw and exclaimed out a mixture of profanity and complete nonsense.

Dean braced himself against the mattress and tried his best to keep his mouth sealed around Pete as his hips jerked in the throes of a powerful orgasm. He managed not to gag and swallowed repeatedly as his mouth filled with surge after surge of hot fluid. When Pete had calmed, Dean licked him slowly a few more times, and then kissed the tip of his cock over and over. His lips were still bright red, though a bit smudged, and extra plump from the exertion.

"Dean?"

"Mm-hm?"

"Awesome. Fucking awesome."

Dean beamed proudly and propped himself back up on all fours like an expectant pet.

Pete finally sat up a little and examined his package. "Not much of the lipstick came off!"

"I looked for one that was supposed to stay on really well," Dean chuckled. "It was pretty expensive."

Pete smiled. "You're really spoiling me." He touched Dean's cheek with a sort of experimental affection, and then brushed his fingers through his hair. Dean pressed against his touch, nuzzling his hand. It was a particularly unusual experience for Pete, but he found it pleasant. His warm, post-orgasmic haze made him feel extra friendly, and he beckoned Dean closer. Dean crawled up beside him and gazed down at him with puppy-like adoration. Pete couldn't resist hugging him close to his side.

"We can cuddle a bit if you want," Pete mumbled languidly.

"Don't do me any favours," Dean said teasingly, squeezing his plump middle. "Do you want to cuddle me?"

"Mmm... yeah, I kinda do."

Dean grinned. "My Pete. Big Pete. Delicious Pete. Did I give you a good cum?"

"Damn, seriously--might have been my best ever. Top three at minimum. Legendary cum. You're a good little cocksucker."

Dean nuzzled him gleefully and reached down to fondle his now softening tool. "Thanks. Think you might have another in you tonight?"

Pete resisted giggling at Dean's handling of his hypersensitive organ and reached down to stop the action of his hand. Instead of pushing it away, he ended up holding onto it. "I might. If you're a good little sailor, you can get me hard all over again."

Dean squeezed his hand and snuggled closer. "I hope so," he whispered. "I love being able to turn you on. It's the best feeling in the world."

Pete sighed, still baffled by Dean's interest in him. "You're a freaky little weirdo." He tousled his hair. "But... I like you."

Dean processed this for a few moments. "You'd like anyone who gave you free blowjobs, wouldn't you?"

"No, Dean, I...." He took a breath and nudged Dean until he made eye contact. "I... I like you." Pete emphasized the word "like", looking at him steadily.

Dean lit up like a kid on Christmas morning. "I like you too, Petey!" he gushed.

Pete felt heat flood into his cheeks. "All right, enough of this sappy shit," he chuckled. "Time to put on a little show for me." He rolled Dean onto his back and sat up. "Show me how you like to play with yourself. Be all sexy for me."

Dean smiled dreamily. He wrapped both hands around his still firm erection and began to stroke himself. "Lube?" he whispered.

"Which one you want?" Pete reached over to his bedside table and dug through the selection from the drugstore bag.

"Anything water-based, not silicone."

"How come?" Pete wondered, handing him a bottle.

Dean poured the clear, viscous liquid generously over his cock, and over his fingers before pressing them against his asshole, red boots splayed wide apart. "Because... my plug is silicone. Will you get it for me?" He blinked charmingly. "Drawer next to my bed. It's blue."

Pete had been mesmerized by Dean's actions, but after a few moments he hopped up and rummaged through the drawer. He picked up a blue rubbery thing that resembled a small, slender dildo with a tapered tip and a wide base, and dove back onto his bed. He settled between Dean's knees and pressed the silicone toy into his hand. Dean grinned and lifted his feet, resting the boots upon Pete's shoulders as he reached down to slide the plug slowly into his slicked-up opening.

"Oh..." Pete breathed as he watched the toy disappear inside him. He stroked the boots before sliding his hands up Dean's thighs, making him shudder pleasantly. "Yeah... that's... h-h-hot."

Dean grinned, his cheeks flushing a darker shade of crimson as his breaths quickened. He left the plug snugly tucked inside, with only the wider base protruding, leaving both of his hands free to fondle his cock. He settled into his accustomed technique of pumping the shaft with one fist, and teasing and twisting the head with his opposite hand. Now and then he reached down to tug on his balls with a little gasp.

Pete continued to stroke his thighs and watch raptly, finding this little show intensely arousing. Already he was more than halfway erect again. "You're so tasty-looking when you're beating off," he murmured. His eyes roamed over Dean's deftly moving hands and his cock, glistening and dripping with lube. His gaze traveled up to Dean's mouth, so passionately red, the lipstick only slightly smudged.

"Want to... help me a little?" Dean huffed. "Only... if you want."

"Maybe," Pete replied uncertainly. If Dean wanted a blowjob, he doubted he could deliver. "Depends what help."

Dean reached one hand down to the plug and tapped it with his fingers. "Push on that...?" He smiled sweetly.

Pete let one of Dean's legs drop to his side. He slid the hand that had been stroking his thigh up to the circle of blue silicone and pressed it gently with his thumb. Dean sucked in a breath, his smile widening. Pete pressed again, harder, and reflected Dean's smile, noticing how he tensed up and jerked himself harder. He gradually worked up to a gentle rhythm of pushing against the plug, and Dean's eyes rolled up in ecstasy.
