 Who would have thought? I'm 40ish, living alone in my own home with extra money to burn. Extra money...? Never thought I'd get to this place. Being an avid reader and horny, my web surfing brought me to Literotica. 

Forced Bi and cuckold stories resonate in me and I actively seek a Dom couple. After contacting several couples I get the response I was looking for. 

Emails and phone calls have left no doubt the He wants to make me a cocksucker. His instructions to me are come to Akron, Ohio wearing panties and leave all thoughts of my manhood behind. 

Flying into Cleveland and renting a car I drive to the Akron restaurant where we're to meet. Panty is riding up and my cock twitches under them. I am both excited and scared. Can I really do this? Do I really want this? A thousand fears race through me as I dive on. 

The over-riding thought is how hard I became hearing of His desire to make me a cock sucker, His cock sucker. Arriving at our rendezvous. I wait in a booth both nervous and excited, my cock harder than it has ever been. 

I'm in a unfamiliar place about to meet the Man and Woman Who will change me forever, marking me with the indelible stamp of cock sucker. My breath is short and fast. My cock has been so hard so long it hurts. The waiting is torture.

At last They arrive. He is just about my age, height and weight. She is a couple years older than He, very pretty and shy. After the initial feeling out period it's clear we're each what the other wants. 

Leaving the restaurant we take His car. My rental remains in the parking lot and I ride up front between Them. He has me place my left hand on His cock during the drive to Their place. It's the first cock I've touched other than my own and the feeling is electric. Through the denim I feel the heat from the cock I am going to suck. He has a nice cock; not overly large. I'm not over whelmed. 

Arriving at Their house I see it's set back off the road, private and modest in size. Upon entering I find it clean and tastefully decorated. 

As we have discussed I am sub to Them both for the weekend. He directs me to strip down to my panties for inspection. Hands clasped behind me I stand as They circle me. They feel my ass, my chest, and He rubs His thumb across my lips. I kiss that thumb and try to take it in my mouth put He pulls it back. 

She brings us tea and I'm told to make myself comfortable and sit on the couch. We talk jobs, relationships, and His expectations of me. 

My cock twitches in anticipation as He removes her clothing. Nice boobs, great figure although a tad less ass on her than I prefer but I remember, this is not my place to prefer anything. I am fortunate to be here in Their company. 

He sits Her down on the couch and has me kneel at Her feet and look at Her pussy. She has a full bush that's neatly trimmed. I can smell her sex and my cock is aching. He directs me to perform oral sex on Her but no touching with my hands. She scoots forward to the edge of the sofa splaying her thighs and I lean in and begin paying homage to Her beautiful cunt. 

Lapping gently I feel something against my cheek and know it's His cock. The moment of truth has arrived. Can I suck a cock? Will I suck a cock? Can I face myself in the future knowing I'm a cocksucker. All these thoughts race through my mind. 

Taking a deep breath I turn to face the cock that's going to make me a faggot. It's a nice cock, much like my own. Inches from my face, I am able to see it in great detail. The vein, the hair at the base, the wrinkles beneath the helmet shaped head, it's all there for me to take the next step in my evolution to cocksucker. 

Leaning toward Him I lick the head of His cock tasting the pre-cum fluid leaking there. The taste is not bad. I'm relieved I haven't gagged or pulled away. I want this. I need this. I spent the couple hundred dollars to fly here to become a cock sucking submissive. It's finally happening.

I lick the length of His cock and look up at Him. He is standing hands on hips watching me intently. I use my right hand to grasp the organ that will alter the direction my life will take me. 

Holding this nice dick I realize the fact that I'm kneeling before a Man I hardly know with his cock in my hand and wearing the panties as He instructed. I sense the power He has over me. I'm no longer a Man. I am His submissive.

Lowering my head I nuzzle his balls then kiss them in thanks for this opportunity. I softly take each in my mouth until He pulls back. I look up at Him. He is smiling down at me with the confidence of a Man who knows He has conquered me, molded me to His will. He made me realize my place in life is to serve Men. 

Holding my chin He gives a slight nod. It's time. I know what He wants, I know what I want. I know what I need. I open my mouth and take Him in. I'm a cocksucker!! Dear Lord I turned my fantasy into reality and I'm sucking a dick. It feels so natural. 

The weight of masculinity lifted from me, I do my best to please Him. I am pleasing myself as well. A slow wet sloppy blow job is what I'm giving Him. I want this to last. I want to be on my knees forever sucking this cock. It's a glorious feeling I have. Freed from the taboos and bonds of trying to be a real man I finally understand my place in the society of Men. I am a panty wearing, slobbering cock sucker and I love it. 

After what seems to be only mere minutes He removes His cock from my mouth. Taking us by our wrists He leads Her and I to the bedroom. She climbs onto the bed and spreads Her legs. I watch as He kneels between Her thighs and as told, I hold his cock aiming it at Her pussy. A thrill goes through me as I understand that the common bond here is that I've had my face in the crotches of both. 

My panties are wet with pre-cum. My cock is hard. Without instruction but with inspiration I move behind him and lick His balls as He fucks His Woman. It's right I that I do this for Him. I owe him so much for teaching me who I am, what I am. I am thankful for His guidance and power over me. 

Moving from His balls I kiss His buttocks in gratitude then move aside to witness their coupling. I feel fortunate that They share this with me. He and She fuck sensually for 15 minutes. They cum together as one. 

As Their orgasm subsides He withdraws from Her pussy and offers me His cock. I taste their essence. I clean His cock of their love making. I understand it will not be my last time. 

Satisfied, He directs me to Her pussy. I no longer simply want this, I need this. I need to be His cock sucking, pussy cleaning instrument. 

I gaze at her pussy. Matted hair, puffy lips, a glaze of moisture. Her smiling eyes meet mine in anticipation. I move in to where I belong. It's my first taste of cum. It's tangy, salty, thick and humiliating. I lick and suck getting it all.

He will never cum in my mouth. I know this instinctively. He is a Man. Men cum in pussies. Cock sucking sissies like me are meant to eat Men's cum from those pussies. I am at peace.