 [Author's note: Arthur Deepuin and Digitalis (and the other characters mentioned) are from another body of work; I write these short stories for character development purposes, which is why characters who seem superfluous are mentioned. Also, Arthur belongs to a race called Andynes, who are humanoid with birdlike wings, and Digitalis is half Andyne, and half human.]

*

"Goodbye. Love you!" called Digitalis. "Have a good day at-"

"Love you too," Mums said irritably, and slammed the front door behind her, leaving Digitalis alone in the front hallway.

Digitalis turned and headed for the bathroom, exasperated. It was 6:30 in the morning, and he was ready for his first real shower in over a month. His short, normally wavy blue hair was lank and oily and he hated it; his left wing had finally healed enough to remove the bandages he'd gotten after he'd been stabbed five weeks before, and he could finally end the thrice-weekly half-assed sponge baths. The month-old wounds were raised and dark red, standing out against the pale, plucked-looking flesh and partly-shaved blue feathers.

"You alright, Digit?" asked Arthur, peeking out from behind the shower curtain. He was already in the shower, and his long, curly dark hair was out of its ponytail, hanging most of the way down his back between his sleek, black-feathered wings.

"I'll be better when I can stop feeling like an oil slick," Digitalis sighed. He shut the bathroom door behind him and locked it, and untied his nightshirt, dropping his pants and slinging everything over the clothing rack next to the bathroom door. He felt even more naked than usual: his left wing looked sparse and ragged where the bandages had been. Digitalis stepped over to the shower with Arthur, who quickly got busy preening and straightening the bedraggled blue feathers under one showerhead while rinsing the soap out of his own hair under another; it was an andyne bathroom, meaning that it had a large open alcove with a showerhead on each of the three walls lining it, which allowed the user to rinse their body and wings at the same time.

"How's your wing feeling?" asked Arthur, carefully patting over the bare area of Digitalis's wing with a sponge. "Is it still painful?"

Digitalis nodded. "It feels kind of like someone stuck a pin in it and forgot about it, but the pain's getting more manageable all the time."

Arthur sighed. "Baby. I'm so sorry you have to go through this."

"At least I'm still alive for my daughters," said Digitalis quietly.

At that Arthur stopped and gently turned Digitalis to face him. "No. Do not go there, you mean the world to a lot of people. Me, for one, and Mums and Milly, Vladimir, Iris, your students and the faculty who are toiling in your absence...and of course the little gremlin that moved into the guest room."

Digitalis snorted, "You play nice, that's my daughter you're talking about."

"And she's a menace, just like you," Arthur chortled. He pulled Digitalis closer and kissed him playfully, and Digitalis couldn't help feeling something between them: Arthur's penis was half-hard, pressing fitfully into Digitalis's hip.

"Oh Arthur, what am I going to do with you," said Digitalis. Arthur cupped his genitals in one of his large, gentle hands.

"I was hoping I could demonstrate it on you, actually."

"Well, I'm definitely open to suggestions," said Dgitalis coyly.

"That's why I like you," said Arthur. "So open-minded." Digitalis stretched his neck upward slightly to kiss Arthur, but stopped reflexively at the last second.

Digitalis breathed, "Did I lock the door?"

"Yes, Digit. I saw you lock it," said Arthur patiently, kissing Digitalis in the steam rising from the shower. Digitalis's member was quite a bit smaller than Arthur's, and circumcised. Arthur liked how it felt in his hand, and how the tip would swell up like a strawberry right before climax. Digitalis became hard very quickly in Arthur's skilled hands. He started twitching and swelling only about a minute into it.

"A-arthur," moaned Digit. "I'm-" Digitalis came, hard, all over Arthur's hand and thighs in several large spurts. Arthur kept stroking until it wasn't coming out anymore. He pulled back a little to look down, keeping an arm out to steady Digitalis, who stood panting and shaking slightly while he caught his breath.

"You came a lot," said Arthur, caressing Digitalis's still-throbbing cock. "Looks like you needed it."

"Mm-hmm," purred Digitalis. He stretched up and kissed Arthur on the lips again, feeling the urgency with which Arthur's large member was pressing into his belly. Digitalis reached down and grasped it without hesitation, and Arthur gasped into his mouth.

"Looks like you've got a bit of a short fuse too this morrow, my love," snorted Digitalis. He shuffled forward slightly to use both hands on Arthur, and allow Arthur better access to reach down and squeeze his muscular butt.

"Don't...count on it," Arthur grunted. Digitalis slowed his strokes, smirking, and played with Arthur's long foreskin. Arthur nuzzled into Digitalis's neck and started kissing it.

"You know, Deepuin, I haven't decided just what I'm going to do with you yet," said Digitals.

"I..thought we were...doing this," said Arthur breathlessly. With more effort than he'd expected, Digitalis slid his good left hand to Arthur's backside. Digitalis's fingers were just about to find the hole when a spasm of pain shot down his left arm from his wing. He paused and his left arm fell to his side, but he continued stroking Arthur with his right.

"What was that?"gasped Arthur. "Are you alrigh-...hhhnnnn!" Digitalis sped up his strokes again. Arthur's freckled shoulders heaved, and his large cock began swelling rapidly in Digitalis's hand. Arthur pushed his face into the hollow of Digitalis's well-muscled neck, trying to stifle his moans.

"You close?" Digitalis whispered into Arthur's ear. Arthur was shaking uncontrollably, and his breath was hot on Digitalis's skin.

"Mm-hmm," grunted Arthur. There was a brief pause, and Arthur came, spattering Digitalis's legs in sporadic, thick white drops. Digitalis grunted too; Arthur had bitten down a little on his shoulder, but had been able to pull back in time to keep from leaving a mark.

"Feeling better?" Digitalis asked, grinning.

Arthur took a deep, steadying breath. "Much...But now I'm starving."

"Me too," said Digitalis.

"If I don't have to deal with your hellspawn I can start some pancakes," volunteered Arthur.

Digitalis raised an eyebrow. "With chocolate chips?"

Arthur snorted, "What do I look like, some sort of pancake heathen? Of course with chocolate chips," Arthur bent down slightly to give Digitalis one more kiss before quickly rinsing and hurrying out of the shower to dry off.

"Four for you?" called Arthur, trying to quickly towel off his hair. He gave up after a few seconds and threw the towel on his head, figuring that he couldn't be any clumsier with that than he usually was with his wings.

Digitalis replied, "Yes please! And one for Hydi, I'll finish what she can't eat."

"You've got it," said Arthur. And then he got dressed and went and made some awesome pancakes, and everybody ate delicious food for breakfast. The end. :)