 I was away from home. Work had suddenly sent me to Liverpool (I live in Surrey) so I hurried home, packed a bag and hopped on a plane. I arrived at my hotel, threw my bag in my room and went to the office. I fixed the most pressing problem then left for some dinner, saying I'd be back in a few hours. Back at the hotel I unpacked.

I guess I should point out that I cross dress, have cross dressed for many years, and every chance I get, I love to pamper my body with fine lace and frilly things. Pamper? Forget that! It just turns me on to act like a girl sometimes. Anyway, my wife has no idea about this so when something like this Liverpool gig comes up, I reach into the loft and never forget to pack my extra luggage. So when I unpacked the room was gradually filling with all manner of lingerie, skirts, dresses, my nightie, etc. I was in heaven!

I quickly undressed and slipped into the shower then into some sexy pink underwear. I paraded around the room, feeling pretty good, my cock forced between my legs for authenticity. Eventually my stomach told me it was time to eat so I threw jeans and t-shirt on over the top and went to the restaurant. 

Sitting alone in a restaurant can be a dangerous thing. You never know who will end up joining you. Usually it's some other lonely loser who's away from home and wants to moan about his job or wife or both. This night was different. I was finishing my dessert when this guy comes over and asks if he can join me. I'd seen him at the bar and we'd exchanged friendly smiles earlier. I looked at him, smiled and nodded, glad of someone to talk to. I was in a booth and slid in next to me.

"Hi. You alone?" he asked.

"Yeah, business. You?"

"No. I'm from round here. Just finished work. Sometimes I come in for a drink before heading home." He paused as I finished then signalled the waiter for drinks.

"Beer?" I asked.

He nodded and when the waiter arrived I ordered two.

"I couldn't help noticing," he suddenly said "That you're wearing tights."

I suddenly blushed, moved my legs uncomfortably under the table, felt very awkward.

"It's ok," he said, smiling "I noticed before. Your jeans rode up and…well you're not wearing socks."

I realised I'd forgotten my socks in my hurry earlier.

"Look, I'm –"

"S'ok. Don't worry. It doesn't bother me at all!" He stated. "As a matter of fact I was wondering what else you're into. Like, the whole female clothing thing."

"Well…" my eyes were staring deep into my glass, frightened of what he was going to do. He was a bit bigger than me and he had effectively cut off my only way of escape.

"The reason I ask is that…well…do you go further?" He was now embarrassed, his eyes looking everywhere, making sure we could not be overheard. "Do you do other women things?"

"Do you mean sex?" I suddenly looked up, no longer afraid, knowing what I was going to be doing for the next little while.

"Yes. Blow jobs. Do you give blow jobs?"

"Finish your beer and come up to my room and I'll show you a blow job!" He smiled and I slipped a hand up his thigh, stroked his hardening cock through his jeans. "Mmmm, all ready then?" I squeezed him as he laughed nervously. I left my hand there as I slowly drank my beer, drawing it out.

"My wife doesn't…won't, you know and sometimes…well, if I get up the courage that is…I try and find someone who will! I've got about 15 minutes before I have to leave and -" I rub him cruelly. "Oh God, that's good. Let's go!"

We left sedately and headed for the stairs. He held his jacket in front of his erection. I opened the door to my room. 

"Excuse the mess, I haven't quite finished in here," I said as he stared at the female finery everywhere. "OK, let's see what's in here, shall we"

I undid his jeans and pulled them down, falling to my knees as I did. His boxers quickly followed and his cock popped out, hard and ready. He was circumcised and his head looked delicious. I started pulling him gently, playing with his balls. I looked up at him but his eyes were closed and he looked like he was enjoying himself.

I licked his head, wrapping my tongue around it, sucking it in a little as I continued pulling him. I gradually worked him into my mouth, pulling back on him as I withdrew, flicking him with my tongue. He started to make little moaning sounds as I stepped up the pace. His hips started to buck into my face, his balls hitting my chin. I let go of his cock and let him fuck my mouth as I held onto his cheeks.

He got faster, pummelling me, the head of his cock hitting the back of my throat. He was bruising my face, fucking me harder. Then he came. Exploding into my throat, his cum sliding into me, then oozing out of my cheeks as he continued to pump. It was hot and sticky and delicious. He gradually slowed, finally stopping, his cock resting on my tongue. 

I sucked him a few times then pulled him out, holding his cock in my hand. I squeezed the head, the last little drip seeped onto my finger and I licked it off, grinning as I watched his face. Eventually he opened his eyes and looked down at me as I played gently with his now flaccid cock.

"Fuck, that was good."

"Thank you kind sir," I smiled. "And you have a decidedly yummy cock, if I may be so bold."

He looked at his watch and smiled at me.

"I gotta get going. What if I come round later? I'll pretend I'm off to the pub. Then it won't have to be so quick. Say about 9?"

"I'll be here."

"And maybe you could get undressed. I'd love to see the rest of your clothes."

I smiled and winked. He had pulled his jeans back up and was heading for the door. He turned before leaving.

"By the way, I'm Jim."

"Call me Glenda," I said and then he was gone.