 I've always thought of myself as straight. I've never had the opportunity to ever be with another man. Sometimes you hear about situations when guys hang out as kids and while they're drinking or getting high, they give each other blow jobs or jerk each other off.

That never happened to me, ever. I've never thought about being with a guy. I've always had my share of women and I've always thought of myself as a guy that enjoys pussy. Never once have I ever thought about a dick.

I love women and love to eat cunt. There's nothing better than a nice pink pussy with cream coming out of it. I sometimes salivate at the taste of a nice wet pussy. I often fantasize about women sitting on my face. There's nothing better than bringing a woman to orgasm with your tongue. It's just something that I do really well and enjoy doing it.

I haven't had a girlfriend in a while. I mostly watch porn and chat online to women. Sometimes, I even hire whores. I just love the taste of a cunt. That's why I've never thought of a dick. I never wanted to suck a cock or hold big hairy balls. It's just not my thing.

**

Not until this one day, when I was at my job. I work at a motel and clean rooms. It was just a regular day, and I was doing my rounds. I knocked on the door and nobody answered. I assumed it was empty and I walked in. When I walked in, there was porn playing on the television and this nice-looking guy stroking his dick. His cock was huge; I just looked at him and didn't know what to say.

"It's a nice cock isn't it?"

"Yea, Buddy. It's really big."

"You can suck it if you want to?"

I had never thought about sucking cock before. Here was the invitation that I never had. Here was a hot guy rubbing one out and asking me to suck his dick. I didn't need to think very hard. I wanted to do it. I wanted to suck his cock.

"Sure, I'd like that."

The guy sat on the edge of the bed and I knelt in front of him. I was intrigued and curious what it might feel like. I was hard in my trousers. I hadn't been with anybody in a while. The guy was hot looking; his cock was big and thick and his groin area was clean shaven.

I opened my mouth and sucked his cock. It tasted good in my mouth. I bobbed along on his dick. I held his balls and rubbed them while I made sucking noises on his prick. I liked the way his dick felt in my mouth. I kept feeding more and more of his cock into my mouth. I was deep throating his big dick. He was loving what I was doing to him. I was enjoying sucking his cock. It was making me hornier by the minute.

"You're good at this buddy. Fucking hell!"

The guy was enjoying what I was doing to him. I knew what I liked when I got my dick sucked. I fed his cock deeper and deeper in my mouth. His cock tasted like sweat and I could taste his pre-cum that was dripping out of his head. It tasted very salty and sweat like. I continued to bring more and more down my throat.

I lightly squeezed his balls which made him moan. I knew he was liking what I was doing. He started to thrust into my mouth. I made wet popping noises while I sucked his dick.

"I'm going to come. Shit! Do you mind? I want to blast your mouth."

I motioned to him to do it. He made a weird face, moaned out, and filled my mouth with his come.

I couldn't believe how much came out of his dick. I felt like I had to swallow about three times to get all his junk down my throat.

"That was amazing. I'd like to return the favor. Take off your clothes."

I was intrigued and needed my dick sucked. I already was hard in my pants. I wanted to have this guy suck my dick. It was only one cock-suck. It wasn't going to define me as a guy. This wasn't going to make me gay. It was one lousy blow job.

I undressed and he watched me. I too have a big dick. He licked his lips while I sat down.

"You have a nice dick, too. I love big cocks."

I giggled while he got on his knees. He stroked my cock from the base of my dick to the head. He moved his fingers up and down my cock. He held my smooth balls in his hands and played with my balls. I was really turned on and my dick was throbbing. I couldn't wait for him to put my dick into his mouth.

He opened his mouth wide and brought my hot dick into his mouth. He really loved cock and loved my dick. He held my balls and fed my dick into his mouth. His mouth felt nice on my prick. I hadn't had head in so long. I closed my eyes and just enjoyed his mouth on my dick. I moaned and groaned while he squeezed my balls and sucked my cock.

My cock hit the back of his throat while he made all kinds of slurping noises. It felt incredible. It was probably the best blow job of my life. He pulled on his fat cock again. I wanted to come. I needed to come.

I was so excited and blasted his mouth with my come. He swallowed it all down. I felt amazing and happy that I had a blow job. I hadn't been with anybody lately. I really liked the taste of his cock in my mouth.

"Dude, I'd love to fuck your ass. You're so sexy."

"I've never done that before. I'm a virgin."

"I'll go really slow. I really want your ass."

"Do you have condoms?"

"Yeah, I have condoms. I have lube too. I'll take it easy on you."

I was not sure about this. I was horny. I already had my dick sucked and the experience of sucking his cock. I figured this was one day. It wasn't going to mean I was gay. It was just experimenting. I probably wouldn't like it. 

"Sure. Go for it."

"Bend over the bed."

The guy's cock was hard and erect again. He walked over to his suitcase and pulled out a condom. He ripped open the package and rolled the condom onto his cock.

He squeezed the lube onto my asshole and his condom. I was on the bed on all fours. He came up from behind me and slowly pushed his cock into my asshole. It hurt and I bit down on my finger and made grunting noises.

"Fucking hell. Your ass is so fucking tight. Shit."

He pushed his big dick all the way up inside of me. 

"Shit. Go slow. It hurts so bad. My ass feels like you're fucking it in two."

"Relax. Pull your dick while I fuck you."

I did as he said to do and played with my cock. I tugged and pulled at it while he took my ass. He thrusted harder and faster into my secret spot. It felt nothing like I've ever done before. I screamed and moaned which turned the guy on more. He slapped my ass and rode me. Riding me like a fucking pony.

"You're so hot dude. I like fucking your virgin asshole. Nice and tight, just the way I like it."

He kept slapping my ass and riding me harder, and I kept grunting and moaning. I was sure I wouldn't fuck him. I was exhausted from all the thrusting into my asshole. He pulled out of me and rolled me to my front.

He stood over me and removed his condom and threw it on the floor. He held his cock and blasted his come all over my body. He sat back down and massaged his come into my skin. I was on my back and he got on top of me and kissed me softly on my lips. He moved down to my feet and wrapped his mouth back on my cock. He sucked my cock a while and, when I was ready, I came down his throat again. He drank it down happily. He was smiling and glowing.

"Dude, that was so hot. What an interesting day. Better than watching porn. You're so sexy. I'd love to meet up again."

I felt different now that I had sex with a guy. I kept saying to myself that I loved pussy. This was just an experiment. It didn't mean I was gay. It was just something fun to do.

"I have to finish cleaning the room."

"I'm here for the rest of the week. Come and visit again. I'd love to have more fun with you. I'm Jack by the way."

"Mike, nice to meet you. I really have to clean now."

"Come again, Mike."

The guy walked to the bathroom and went into the shower. I cleaned the room fast and left. I didn't know what to think. I knew I liked having my dick sucked. I wasn't sure about the rest of it. I grabbed a coffee and had a smoke and took a break.

I knew I'd be seeing him again. I'd just think of it as an experiment. It didn't mean I was gay.