 I grabbed my bags, kissed my wife goodbye and headed to the airport. These trips were getting tiring, the same hotels, the same hotel food, and the same boring meetings. Man I have to do something about all this I thought as I pulled into the parking lot. 

I was ready to hit my room and relax as I checked in at the hotel. I was looking forward to a nice relaxing bed, perhaps some porn tonight and a good night's sleep to prepare me for the day tomorrow. I dropped my bags in my room and headed down to the restaurant to get some dinner. I sat alone in a corner and enjoyed a glass of wine while waiting for my dinner. I looked around and saw another guy eating alone. In a few minutes I thought I caught him looking at me, maybe checking me out. But as I looked he quickly looked away. As I was finishing my meal I looked over and indeed he was looking at me. This time he did not look away and he smiled at me. Thinking nothing of it I smiled back - nice guy I thought.

I finished my meal, paid my bill and left the restaurant. I hit the restroom and ended up in a small group waiting for the elevator. He was there too so we smiled again at each other. The elevator emptied its passengers and our small crowd boarded. I hit he button for my floor and settled in for the ride. Like everyone else I was watching the floors light up above the doors when I felt it. A hand had run over my ass. Was it inadvertent or intentional? I could not tell. Then again I felt it. I nonchalantly glanced behind me to see the guy from the restaurant was directly behind me and he smiled again. Hmmm, what is going on here? I decided I would find out. 

As we all moved to allow a passenger to get out on his floor, I made sure I was directly in front of him again. I slowly leaned back to see if I could press my ass against him. Not only did I press against him, he leaned forward. And that's when I felt it. It was hard, it was nestling into the crack of my ass, and it felt really good. I thought I heard a soft moan as our bodies made contact. The response from my cock was immediate and undeniable.

I had lost track of what floor we were on when he said "excuse me, this is my floor." 

Everyone got out of his way and he gave me an inviting look. 

"Oh, me too" I said and we got off the elevator together. 

He smiled again and started walking down the hall. My brain screamed at me to get back on the elevator but my loins had other ideas. And we all know which head wins in moments when they are battling it out!

He paused at his door and waited for me. "I'm Paul" he said as he extended his hand.

"I'm Ron" I replied. 

He opened the door and stepped back and motioned for me to go on in. He entered and immediately closed the door behind him. I stood there waiting for him and he did not hesitate. He pushed me against the wall and grabbed my crouch.

"I wanted you as soon as you walked into the restaurant" he said in a sultry voice. 

He was a few inches taller than me and was firmly holding me against the wall. I felt myself melt into what I knew I wanted... I wanted him to take me, to use me. 

He pressed in and kissed me. His tongue explored my mouth. I sucked it in like I knew I would be sucking his cock shortly. He moaned his approval. He took my jacket off and threw it aside. He pulled my shirt up over my head and ran his hands over my chest. His eyes were closed as he played with my nipples. As they grew hard to his touch he used his tongue to play with them, first one and then the other. My cock was now straining, it was so hard it began to ache. He released me and went to sit down on the end of the bed. 

"Take your pants off, I want to see you naked." He said in a commanding voice. 

I knew I had no choice but to comply. I tossed my pants into the pile that already contained my jacket and my shirt and stood there naked before my new found master. 

"Turn around, let me see your ass." 

"Pull your cheeks apart; let me see your hole." 

Again I knew I had no choice but to do as he commanded. 

"Now come over here and get on your knees before me."

I walked to where he was seated and got down on my knees. He stood and undressed, taking his time, letting me savor him as he first revealed his chest. Then he undid his belt and button and let his pants fall to the floor. I could see his hard manhood now clearly straining against his briefs. I large wet spot where the head was. He stood with his legs apart and pulled his underwear down slowly allowing the most beautiful piece of man meat tumble out. It was a sight to behold, at least seven inches long, slender and straight. 

"Do you like it?"

I opened my mouth, but before I could answer he was holding it by the base and rubbing it all over my face, leaving a trail of pre-cum behind. My desires took over and I reached out and took it from him. It was firm in my hand. It conveyed power and desire. I knew I had to have it.

I licked just the head, tasting the ooze from his hole. It was salty and slick. I inwardly smiled knowing that I wanted what his balls held, and I wanted it all. I took just the head into my mouth and used my tongue to play with that special little spot and he moaned his approval. 

"You are such a skilled cocksucker." 

I looked up I saw that his eyes were closed. I took it deeper now, each stroke further into me. He did not know how much he now owned me.

I was blissfully sucking away, my saliva now covering his cock and dripping onto the floor, when he told me to stand up. As I stood he pulled me close and took his hands and held our cocks together. He was rubbing them, stroking them. I was out of my mind with lustful needs. 

"Get on the bed, face down."

Fear raced through me for the first time. I knew what he wanted but I could not resist. I climbed onto the bed and watched as he reached into a bag and produced a condom and lube. 

"Have you ever been fucked before?" 

"No." I replied and he smiled as he squeezed some lube onto his index finger. 

He rubbed the cold lube on my hole gently. 

"I am going to get you ready for me." 

I felt his finger enter me. A rush of confusion, pleasure and wanton lust filled me. He pushed it in to his knuckles. He took it out and pushed it in again. Every nerve in my anus loved it! Then his second finger joined the first. Now it was a little pain with that pleasure as my anus was stretching to take them. 

He could tell that what I was feeling as he said "you will make a nice little whore for me won't you!" 

"Roll over on your back."

He rolled the condom onto his beautiful shaft and lifted my legs exposing me to him. He moved into position and played with my anus with his head, smiling at me. My virgin back channel wanted him more than anything at that moment. 

"Give it to me." I moaned. 

And with that I felt the head push against me. The finger fucking had been one thing, but now feeling his head push into me sent me over the edge. I groaned and grimaced as he pushed further into me. It hurt like hell. I wanted him to stop. But I also knew I was his whore for the night. Slowly he went deeper, and deeper. He stopped when he could go no further. I was now stuffed full of cock. And I loved it. The pain subsided and now all I was feeling was pleasure. He moved slowly at first and with each stroke my anus eased and allowed him access. He was fucking me now, fast and furious and I was fucking him. Our bodies established a rhythm. He showed his appreciation by grabbing my cock and stroking me as my pussy took his pounding.

I watched his face grow tighter, his groans became louder. I knew he was about to cum. I picked up my pace; I wanted to milk every drop out of him with my man pussy. 

He screamed as he unloaded. I could feel each pulsing ejaculation inside me. He fell on top of me, exhausted with my rock hard cock still in his hand. I did not want him to pull out so I positioned myself to hold him inside me for as long as possible. I could feel him going soft and finally my sphincter expelled him.

"You are a very good little whore." He said as he regained his composure. 

"Does my whore want to cum too?"

I smiled my answer to him and he smiled back. With me still lying there, he moved between my legs and began licking my balls. He took them both into his mouth and played with them.

He took my cock into his mouth and proceeded to deep throat me better than anyone before him. He caressed my balls as his pace picked up, taking all of me down his throat. 

When I could hold back no longer I warned him "I am going to cum!" 

He only moaned and kept taking me. I came with such force I thought I was going to pass out. He would not release me until he had every drop of my seed. He even licked me clean after I had gone soft.

We lay there for a while, both blissfully not saying a word. Words cannot describe the satisfaction I felt.