 Disclaimer: this chapter contains a scene in which a dream is taking place. May I please remind you that this is a story of fiction and does not necessarily reflect the views of this site, or the owners, or writers. If you do not agree with these views, then please close this chapter and continue onto someone else's story. 

Again, may I please remind you that this is a fiction story and could be rated as horror/supernatural? I appreciate your feedback though I am not inclined to agree with any negative feedback I might receive from submitting this. Your views are just that – you own opinion. And though I have included this scene in this chapter as a pivotal point in changing the life of the main character, and after much research and study on my part, it doesn't necessarily reflect what I believe, or not believe. 

You know me… always dabbling in the controversial. :D

I hope you enjoy your reading.

Greg pushed the railing of the bed down and jumped atop the nineteen-year-old, straddling his body, after waking up to the tune of a flat line from the monitor over his head where he had been sitting. He had checked the clip on the forefinger, hoping it had only slipped off, but it hadn't. Years of experience and instinct took over, as he began compressions keeping Jonathan alive until help could arrive.

"I need some help in here!" he called out to anyone that would hear him, stopping what he was doing only long enough to check for a pulse. "C'me on, Jonathan!" he grumbled coarsely. "You have to fight, son! And I am not gonna just let you go," he fussed as he continued to administer compressions.

"Hey!" he stopped, pushing the button on the intercom. "I've gotta code blue in here!" his shout into the contraption, near the patient's head, he could hear from the nurses' station clear into the room where he was. "Damn hospitals," he grumbled more. "Can't get no good help these days," he continued to keep Jonathan alive, pressing upon the boy's chest in rhythm.

Finally the room became full with nurses, doctors and other hospital staff. The hustle and bustle in the room was a dramatic change from just a few minutes prior and though it seemed chaotic, they all had a job to do – fighting against time and death to bring Jonathan back. Greg remained close by the head doctor to assist him, though he knew he should be standing back watching, like he was supposed to do. But, he just couldn't stand idly by and watch. He had to be a part of the action in some way, even if it was minute.

The few minutes that it took to bring Jonathan back seemed much longer to everyone. Silence filled the room as relieved professionals stood by staring at the monitor, watching the line peek at even intervals. It was short lived when Jonathan's body began to convulse.

"Clear the airway!" Greg and the head doctor called out in unison. They glanced at each other as they attempted to keep the patient from being injured because of his body's involuntary jerking about.

"If I didn't know any better, Dr. Carroll, I'd think you've been missing all of this action," the head doctor jested lightly.

Greg chuckled, "ya think?"

"Maybe we have a position open that you could fill after this little man gets back on his feet," the man offered kindly.

"Thank you, I'll look into that," Greg returned.

"Well, I do believe something is amiss here, doctor," he looked up at Greg with some assured expression that he had his suspicions about something. "I want an MRI and C-SCAN STAT!"

"I would agree, doctor," Greg replied solemnly.

"I think we should go in, after we get him stabilized again, and look around, see what's going on inside his head," the man jested again, though he was serious.

"Oh, Lord," Greg chuckled. "That could be dangerous, knowing Jonathan."

The head doctor laughed, then pulled his nurse aside instructing her to call up to the O.R. and have them prepare for surgery in about an hour.

"You might want to call the rest of the family, Dr. Carroll. Looks like it's going to be a long night. Someone will stay with him while you do that," the professional turned back to Greg saying kindly.

Greg nodded then quickly left the room.

