 It's dark in Jackson's room, just a small lamp shining feebly on us in the late night. The clock on Jackson's desk reads 1:29am in glowing letters, bathing everything in a faint green wash. Outside, the wind batters against the window. Rain falls steadily, and occasionally a rumble of thunder peals across the sky. His room is on the fourth floor, so we can feel the vibrations well.

I haven't left his side all day. We kept extending our date, kept kissing each other. I couldn't keep my hands off his body. We held hands all day, talked all day, laughed all day. I've never had such a good day.

I meet Jackson's eyes, his beautiful amber-chocolate eyes. They are watching me with such intensity, the gold flecks twinkling with arousal. He looks down at me from where he is sitting in his desk chair. I am crouched between his knees, head bobbing. He is breathing deep, teeth clenched, swearing under his breath. He looks like he's losing his mind, which is exactly what I'm going for.

I am feasting on the most beautiful cock I have ever seen and will likely ever see again. It's huge, for starters, as big as my own. I don't really care about size, but I can't deny that this incredible soda can cock is turning me on. It slides in and out of my lips. They keep constant pressure on Jackson's cock, sealing it in the hot, wet confines of my mouth. My tongue is working every inch of that meat, desperate to memorize the taste. The smell is intoxicating, a combination of whatever spicy cologne he's wearing and his own heady aroma.

I'm positively gurgling in pleasure and the vibrations around his cock cause Jackson to moan. His eyes roll back, and I suck him deep in my throat. He moans even harder. My nose connects with his short pubes and I decide to linger here a little while. I am loving every second of having this dream of a cock down my throat. If his moans and jerking hips are indication, he likes it too. His hands are fisting my hair, running his fingers on my scalp. The sensation is nearly overwhelming, but the giant dick nestled in my open throat keeps me focused. I swallow, just for show. He jumps, curses, and laughs a little. I'd laugh, but I'm gagged. I swallow again, several pulses. All he can do in response is to moan, long and low. I love having him in my mouth. I still have trouble believing that he's into me, so I'm making this blowjob count. I'm pulling out all the stops for this hunky wet dream sprawled before me in his chair. 

Normally, I have a real independent streak. Normally, I wouldn't debase myself for a man. I'd usually be riding his face while hoovering his dick. But Jackson... elicits something different from me. I want to please him, want him to feel sweet fire from every nerve. I want him to scream his orgasm, my name on his lips. I'm terrified that this incredible man will want what all the other want, get it, and then leave. But I'm stupid, so I break my biggest rule: I give without demanding equal return.

I slowly pull my lips off his cock, savoring the feeling of his monster in my throat. I use extra pressure when my lips slide off his head, and he pops out of my mouth with a loud, wet sound. I grab his dick with one hand, move my other up his stomach. His abs make me shudder. They are cut so sharp that they might snag my wandering fingers. That's okay with me, because as far as I'm concerned I would die happy right now. I take one of his heavy, spongy balls into my mouth and roll it around. His toes curl and he moans his appreciation. I move to the other one, slathering it with my best technique. I am going to make sure this one comes back.

He opens his mouth to speak, voice rough and on edge. "You look so fucking sexy with my cock in your mouth." I grin up at him from between his muscular thighs, his dick resting on my nose and forehead as I kept working his balls in my mouth. I rake my fingers softly down his abs, and they convulse. "Oh, fuck..." he breathes, pupils dilated. I work his cock with my hand, massage all the erogenous zones I can find with my tongue. I search underneath his sac, all around his hips, and all around his beautiful, thick piece. The taste of him drives me crazy. I have never tasted anyone this delicious before. I could never have enough if his cock never left my mouth- and I was damn sure not gonna be the one to remove it. I am in full slut mode for this perfect adonis, not the least bit ashamed of how I am openly worshipping his body and cock. 

"That feels so good, baby..." his head falls back as I start to nibble my way up his cock. I start at the base, biting low. Then I bit at the place where his leg meets his hip. He hisses and pulls my hair, which makes me moan.

"I'm sorry, was that too much?" I ask, worried. I'm not tryna scare him with my inner freak, not before I've milked every last drop out of him. 

He chuckles, says, "Not at all. Just a surprise. I figured you were a biter." I responded by biting the same place, and this time sucking as I bit. His dick jumped in my hand and starting drooling uncontrollably. 

I feel a thrill in my spine. "So you like being bitten, huh?" I tease, lightly running my lips along his cock.

He meets my gaze and says, "And to bite." I shudder and smile. I can't wait to have him bite me. He can mark me wherever he wants and I would proudly show off the mark. Gather 'round everybody, look at the shit this hot fucking stud left on my neck!

"I'm getting so close, baby. I can't hold it anymore." That's my cue! I take his cock down my throat in one swift motion, and he groans, loudly. I'm sure his neighbors will hear, but I doubt he cares much. His fingers are pulling at my hair, messing it up, running all over my scalp. It sends tingles down my whole body, straight to my cock. It is painfully hard in my pants, but I know I will have time to take care of it later when I am jacking off to this memory. For now I focus on finishing Jackson off. I pick up my pace and suction, latching onto his thick monster and giving it everything I have. His hips start to thrust forward, unable to simply receive. I am so turned on by this smoking hot man pumping his cock into my mouth, gurgling sounds coming from the sloppy wet fucking he is giving my face. His moaning is louder now, punctuating every thrust. 

I start moaning around his cock and he starts cursing, telling me how sexy I look on his dick and how much he's getting off to it. I love being the object of his attention, and he is loving my ministrations. I lose all sense and actively fuck my throat on his cock, adding to his own fucking. His moans are becoming erratic, his thrusting is losing its rhythm. He is so close. I twist and rub his balls in one hand, rake his abs and chest my other. He is all but screaming now, twisting and moaning and arching forward and back. Yelling about how he's never had any better, it feels incredible, he's gonna blow any second! 

Finally, he screams, "Fuck, Hayden, I'm coming!" and I pull his cock out of my mouth just in time. I'm jacking his dick, squeezing the thick length in my hand, still working his balls. I can feel them pump in my hands. His cum shoots all over my face, and I can feel the hot drops pepper my skin. Jackson is still fucking screaming his orgasm, blast after blast of cum splashing my face. I'm loving it- it's my inner slut. I love the feel of his cum striking my face, painting me with his seed. He finally finishes with a dribble that runs down my hand, and slowly and softly jerk his cock. 

His body jerks and spazzes, his breathing working to return to normal. My face is covered in his cum. It drips from my chin and nose onto his thighs, which I lick off. His eyes go wide and get this hungry look, and he pulls me up by my armpits to his lap. His hand cups the back of my head and pulls me in for a deep kiss, a soul-churning, gut-wrenching kiss that makes me feel like I have fire in my belly. I'm a mess, he's a mess, and neither of us care. I make out with the hottest guy I have ever been lucky enough to suck off, and his hands roam my body. My face is still covered in his cum and that seems to turn him on even more.

Finally, his lips detach from mine, and breathing hard, he leans back in the chair. "Fuck!" he cries, hand running through my chair. "That was fucking awesome," he pants.

I cock my eyebrow. "That's all? 'Fucking awesome'?" I question.

"Literally the best blowjob I have ever had. Ever. And I've had plenty," he coos.

"And I'm sure you'll have plenty more," I quip. His fingers grip the base of my neck, and I feel his other hand slide down my back to my waist. 

He leans in and breathes low in my ear. "I hope to have plenty more... from you." My cock jumps. He makes my body temperature rise by simply being in my vicinity. I have no idea what I am doing with this incredible, gorgeous, sweet, hunky sap. He is so far out of my league, and I feel ridiculous sitting in his lap, my face and hand covered in his cum. I need to wash up.

"Do you have a cloth or something?" I ask. 

"Why, are you tryna clean up?" he challenges. 

"Yes? Of course I'm tryna clean up." I say.

He pouts a little. "I'd rather you stay like you are." I laugh and punch his shoulder a little. 

"I bet you would. I, however, want to clean up." 

He sighs. "I won't stop you. I just want to see my handiwork one last time." He admires the look of his cum on my face for a moment longer before we get off the chair. He leads me into his bathroom, turns on the light. He grabs my hips and lifts me onto the sink. He runs the hot water and reaches for a cloth.

"What are you doing?" I ask. I can clean myself up just fine.

"Well it's my mess..." he offers, "I figured I should clean it up." I try to protest but he ignores it and tenderly wipes my face. 

This show of gentle affection floors me. I have taken a lot of face shots, more than I am comfortable admitting, and not a single man who ever came on my face offered to wipe it off for me. Now this beautiful man is forcing me to sit still as he wipes his 'handiwork' off of me. As I recall, it's more my handiwork than his; all he did was lay back and enjoy. Not that I didn't enjoy it...

My cock is still painfully hard, straining against my underwear. It jumps as I flash back to the blowjob I finished not five minutes ago, and I think it goes unnoticed by Jackson, but I am wrong.

"Seems to me like you didn't have any fun," he says, stepping into the space between my thighs. They naturally part for him, willing him into their depths.

"Who told you that?" I murmur, staring at his eyes. They are inches away from mine, dizzingly deep.

"I think this," he takes my length in his hand, "speaks for itself." He squeezes my cock from base to tip, and I rest my head on his shoulder. My lips search for purchase on his collarbone and he continues to feel me through my briefs. "I think we should do something about this," he said, wrapping an arm around my waist. His hand explores my lower back, sending shivers up my spine. His other hand starts to slowly work my cock. His big, rough hand feels incredible. I'm practically drooling on his shoulder, barely able to believe this stud has his hands on me and wants to please me.

I find a hollow spot in his collarbone and I bite it, then suck hard. He gasps a little and returns my bite. I feel the sharp pinch of teeth on my skin and moan low. My cock jumps, leaks more precum. "Jackson," I whimper, unable to allow myself to say what I want.

He kisses his way up my throat, along my jaw, and up to my ear. The sound of his breathing in my ear turns me on so bad, my whole body shivers. He must like my reaction because he sticks his tongue in and just like that I'm gone. I wrap my legs around his flawless body and my arms wrap around his neck. I want to stick myself onto him, mold onto his body. I'm moaning uncontrollably, maybe a little too loud for simple foreplay.

Jackson stops his ministrations and looks at me. "You're a moaner!" he exclaims, realization dawning on my face.

I blush a little. "Guilty," I say.

"Do you scream, too?" he asks, hand still pumping my aching cock.

"Why don't you find out, baby?" I challenge. He just smirks at me, that fucking smile that lights me up inside. I feel my chest contract and briefly wonder if it's a heart murmur, but another look at those chocolate oceans have me convinced that I have never really seen perfection until now. My breathing quickens, and his hand on my cock is driving me insane.

Then the pressure is gone and I whimper, disappointed. I hate whimpering. It makes me feel weak. I've never met anyone who could make me whimper the way he does. It's incredible. Jackson is everything I never let myself have, something I thought I wouldn't deserve in a million years. 

He evenly holds my gaze as he kisses his way down my chest, my stomach, and my cock through my underwear. I lean back on the counter, watching him chew on my bulge. I love seeing those full, thick lips on my meat. I'd love to see them stretching over it even more. I'm afraid to ask for it, afraid that he will laugh and say it was all a joke, that he's really not into me and that it's time for me to leave. But to my disbelief, he's pulling the band of my underwear down. My cock pops out its restrictions, gazing defiantly up at Jackson. He smiles and kisses the tip, softly. I let out a small whimper of need. He locks his eyes on mine and begins sucking my cock down his throat with gusto.

His gorgeous brown eyes are showing all their gold flecks now. His lips purse out to take me all the way to the base of his throat, then suck in as he drags up the length of my cock. I'm freaking out about how good his mouth feels, and I tell him so. He hums, satisfied, and it reverberates throughout my cock. I gasp, cry out. I'm not used to this much pleasure. Most guys just suck me to get me off. But Jackson seems to be determined to give me as good a show as I gave him. And I am definitely not stopping him.

I run my fingers through his short brown hair, longer and curly at the top, short and neat on the sides. I call it the soccer douche pomp, but pretty much every athlete has it now. His full, thick lips are red from how rough we made out, and from sucking on my cock. He's rolling my balls in his hands, rubbing the sensitive area underneath. I'm definitely not going to last much longer.

Then he puts two fingers to my lips. I open them without hesitation and suck his fingers in. He moans around my dick, I hold my fingers in my mouth with one hand while I get them thoroughly slick. When I am satisfied, I allow him to pull them away, and he slides them down to my aching hole. He teases it for a while, not actually pushing in but threatening to. t's driving me crazy. I just want them in already! Shit, I want his cock in there, too. And whatever else he can fit.

"Baby, please, put them in!" I beg, but it falls on deaf ears. He pulls my hips closer to the edge of the sink, allows my cock to plop from his lips, and bits his way further south. My back arches in anticipation as he gets closer to his goal, and my breath hitches when his tongue makes that first swipe across my hole. "Oh god," I whimper. He swipes again. "Shit." Another swipe. "Jesus, that's good!" I moan.

He draws lazy circles around my hole, still jacking my cock. I squirm and try to coax his tongue further in, but he keeps firm control. His tongue is driving me insane. I can feel the fire in my belly growing, the flush spreading across my chest. He nips and sucks at my bud, causing me to whimper and moan alternatively. I curse and mutter a lot about Jesus as he eats my ass with abandon, like it's the first meal he's had in weeks. My hands press against the bathroom mirror, my feet scramble for purchase against the slick counter. Am I comfortable? Not really, but his tongue in my ass is a fiery pleasure I can't deny.

Jackson moans and slurps at my ass, making it drip with his saliva. I'm starting to gurgle, making incoherent sounds, and taking all sorts of names in vain. He punches my hole with his tongue and I laugh at the sensation. He's unraveling me with his tongue, I can feel it. He's eating right through my walls and I can feel my control slipping away. He's dangerous and I want more.

Finally he slips a finger in, up to the knuckle. He squirms it around, waiting for my ass to adjust.

"Just fucking put them both in! I'm not new!" I yell impatiently. 

"Happy to oblige, baby," he breathes as his other fingers plunges deep within me. I sigh, feeling the digits work in me. His mouth returns to my cock and I put my hands on the counter, hoping to stay up. His free hand holds up one of my thighs, squeezing it and caressing it. His touch lights me on fire, his mouth sends me to the moon, and his fingers inside of me light me up light a slot machine. All of a sudden, the angle changes and I swear I could hear the 'ding'. Jackson hits my spot and I can see the cherries lining up in my eyes, and I moan, a surprised outburst. 

Jackson hums, pleased with my reaction, and hits the same spot again. And again. And again. I have lost the ability to form words, able only to vocalize my appreciation for his skills. I am lost in a fog of Jackson. His mouth, his hands, his fingers, his body... I am crazy for all of it. I have never freaked out so hard over a man. I'd be freaking out more if the things he was doing to me didn't feel so fucking great. The flush takes over my face and neck, spreads down my stomach. He starts jamming his fingers into me, hitting my spot with such precision and intensity that white spots cloud my vision. I'm breathing heavy, and about to cum, but unable say anything but, "Jackson... Jackson... oh, ooh..." 

Jackson is more turned on by this than I realize, and turns up his efforts. I start to moan in earnest, my whole body shaking with the effort of staying up and the pleasure Jackson gives me. Finally, it is too much for me and I scream my climax, shouting it for all his neighbors to hear, shouting his name over and over again. My cum shoots up from my balls through my cock, a white-hot searing sensation of pure pleasure, and Jackson is swallowing like a champ. His eyes are lidded, positively glowing gold. I finish cumming and he lets my dick fall out of his mouth, plopping on the counter.

He stands up, holding his back, and helps me up to a sitting position. As I try to calm down, still breathing hard, he dutifully begins to clean me with the cloth again.

"You don't... have to do that," I pant.

"Shut up, I want to," he says, and that's that. Who am I to argue? 

When he is finished cleaning me, he takes me into his arms. He nuzzles my nose, plants soft kisses on my lips, my forehead, my temples, my neck. Of everything he has done so far, this is the most confusing. He fucks like a pornstar Marine, he's funny and charming and smart and thoughtful, and he's kissing me like I'm fragile glass after thoroughly fingerblasting my ass. I've never been treated so well before, and I hope it doesn't end before I've gotten my fill. I could never get used to the way he holds me, the way he kisses me, that look on his face that says he's never seen anyone like me. I'm enraptured by this perfects specimen, and for a moment I feel a pang of sadness. This one makes me really happy. I wonder how long it will last?

He notices my mood, and gently brings my lips to his. "Tell me what's wrong," he asks, inches from my face. I couldn't possibly tell him about all my problems with intimacy and being treated well without sounding like a total loser, or worse, crazy; so I keep my mouth shut and bury my head in his shoulder.

"Hayden," he says, lips buzzing in my ear, sending another thrill through my body. "You gotta talk to me, baby."

"I'm fine," I lie, nuzzled into his collarbone. I love the way he smells. Spicy, warm, and something else I can't place.
