 Jesse just had to send a text message to his girlfriend. There were so many question that needed to be answered. With careful fingers, he spelled out every word correctly on his smartphone. He pressed his fingers on the screen, which produced a familiar repetitive clicking sound every time he used a word.

He wrote, "Why are you breaking up with me?"

He sent it to Rebecca and hoped that she would send a response sooner than later. He sat at his desk in silence and took a slow breath.

He heard a brief jingle, which was immediately followed by a response from Rebecca that appeared on the screen.

She replied, "I just don't like what you've become."

Jesse felt confused. He wrote, "What do you mean by that?"

Several seconds later, Rebecca messaged him back with, "You're too much of a wussy right now."

Jesse could feel his heart beginning to shatter into tiny little fractions. "Wussy?"

Rebecca seemed to be very honest at the moment. "You're not hot anymore. You're too girly right now. I prefer my boyfriend to be a tough guy."

Jesse almost forget that he held his breath. "I always thought you'd like me this way."

"I'm sorry, but I don't."

Jesse didn't know what to write next. He never felt so heartbroken by a young woman's words. He kept his fingers away from the screen.

Several seconds later, Rebecca replied with, "Goodbye."

Jesse let out a deep breath. He wanted to type something, but he just couldn't. He kept his eyes on Rebecca's latest response. Without hesitation, he set his smartphone on the desk and just left it there. He remained seated as a poor soul. He didn't want to look at the text messages again.

He and Rebecca had become a couple for the past several months. Around that time, he began to change his appearance. His look had grown more feminized. His behavior became less of a masculine trait. He had turned into a twelfth-grader with an effeminate exterior. The eighteen-year-old student never thought that Rebecca would end their relationship after he embraced his new lifestyle. And now that the truth was out, he had second thoughts about his demeanor.

He stood up and took a look in the mirror that hung on the wall. He certainly appeared to be a girly young man. His long blond hair ended at his shoulders. He wore a black sleeveless shirt and a pair of black skinny jeans. He had kept his physique slim and healthy. Overall, he looked much more feminine than he did last year. He also looked vulnerable because of his masculinity completely diminished as a personal choice.

A skeptical thought emerged from his brain. If Rebecca rejected him for his brand new look, then many other girls from his school would do the same. Now, he felt sorry that he didn't look like those football players that so many of these females would be obsessed with. He wanted to cry, but he knew that would be pointless. He just couldn't escape the fact that he had just lost his girlfriend tonight.

Jesse looked out the window to see a full moon towering over the suburban neighborhood. It was a particularly cool evening in the city of Cerritos. The temperatures in Southern California remained low, especially during the final week of May. Seeing the moon managed to ease Jesse's heartbreak, but only for a little bit. He threw himself on the bed and lay on his back. He stared at the ceiling. He brushed several strands of his blond hair away from his face. He felt like searching for a miracle that would bring him back to a more optimistic state.

He began to hear footsteps in the hallway. He turned his head to see his father's best friend peeking his head in. through the open doorway. Howard was a forty-two-year-old African-American man. He had been friends with Jesse's father for more than a decade. Jesse had grown familiar with the older man. Howard had always supported him during times of trouble. Now, the young man was just so pleased to see him in his bedroom.

Jesse sat up from his bed. "Hey, how's it going?"

Howard replied, "I'm doing okay. I'm just here to tell you that your dad went back to the office to get something. He'll be back in an hour or so."

Jesse nodded. "All right. Thanks."

Jesse couldn't help but smile. Howard stayed healthy for most of his life. He had grown muscular from top to bottom. Oddly enough, Howard never married and remained single to this day.

Howard asked, "What's the matter?"

"What do you mean?"

"You look as if you lost a loved one."

Jesse knew that he had to tell the truth. "I just did."

Howard sat down beside him on the bed. "Okay, tell me everything."

Jesse already felt comfortable knowing that Howard would most likely understand his situation. "My girlfriend broke up with me."

"Well, that's too bad."

"She did it because she thinks that I'm a wussy."

"Why would she say something like that?"

"Come on, you know why. Look at me. I'm too girly for her. I can't really blame her, though. I've learned a lesson today. Girls my age wouldn't go for a guy like me."

Howard looked amused. "Well, don't feel too bad. I'm sure there are other people out there who would go for guys like you."

"You really think so?"

Howard took a good look at Jesse with a rather attentive stare. "Oh, yeah. There are plenty of people would like the way you look. They'd like you even more with that awesome personality of yours."

"You're just saying that so that I won't feel sad all night."

"No, I'm being serious."

Howard caressed Jesse's hair with slow and steady fingers. For some odd reason, Jesse enjoyed the feeling. This new level of comfort became something that made him appreciate Howard's presence even more.

All of a sudden, Jesse giggled in a rather playful manner. He knew that it sounded strange, but his high spirits remained strong now that Howard was here.

The older man chuckled. "Now that's what I'd like to hear."

Jesse asked, "So do you like me the way I am? I'm not overdoing it in any way?"

Howard shook his head. "No, you look great. It really suits you. It makes you more...intriguing to the human eye."

Suddenly, Howard grabbed the young man's hand and gave it a little kiss. Jesse felt so good when he did that. He was almost lost in a trance. He never expected someone like Howard to make this kind of move, but he embraced it.

Howard whispered, "As a matter of fact, you're the kind of guy that I'd go for."

Jesse sat still. "Really?"

Howard's eyes had grown fiercer than before. "Yeah. You really look as handsome as a young prince."

Howard's smooth baritone voice was pure bliss for Jesse's ears. He felt so captivated that he gave Howard a hug. The warmth kept him from losing his composure.

Howard kissed him on the forehead. "Oh, you smell really good right now."

The tension from within made Jesse want to delve deeper into this new discovery. He gazed into Howard's eyes and smiled. He now knew what both men wanted from each other. The young man gave Howard a kiss. It was a heartfelt moment. They expressed their true feelings with their lips, and it didn't cause any interruptions in their current relationship.

Howard whispered, "Let me see you take your clothes off."

Jesse chuckled like a naughty troublemaker. "As you wish."

He stood up from his bed. As he was just a few feet in front of Howard, he showed off his slow and sensuous dance moves. He swung his hips while Howard looked on with gracious delight. Jesse took his time undressing himself. He took on the form of a silent stripper as he unzipped his skinny jeans and pulled them down along with his underwear. He showed off his penis without shame. So far, Howard looked as if he wasn't disappointed at this sudden unearthing.

He remarked, "I like I said, you look really good right now."

The encouraging words prompted Jesse to move on without interruption. He took off his shirt and finally became naked in front of Howard.

Howard licked his lip. "Oh, yes. You got the right stuff right here."

Jesse turned around a full three-hundred-and-sixty degrees, showing off his bright skin and skinny exterior.

"I hope I can be of good use to you."

Howard took off his own clothes. "Don't worry. You already are."

As soon as he finished, he stayed seated on the bed. Jesse looked down to see the big black dick between the older man's legs. He never expected to see it at all, but he absolutely felt blessed when he had the chance.

"Oh, my. That's so big."

Howard chuckled. "Of course, it is."

He lay flat on his back in Jesse's bed. "Come have a taste."

Jesse didn't waste a single second. He joined Howard in bed. He opened his mouth wide and lunged right for it. He lowered his head and stuffed his entire mouth with Howard's upright erection. It felt warm and solid. A new flavor emerged. Jesse immediately enjoyed it. He used his tongue to drench it with his saliva in all directions.

Howard seemed to like it as much as he did. "Oh, you're good."

Jesse couldn't say anything, but he didn't care. He had an entire black dick stuffed inside his mouth, and he didn't want the new experience to end. He moved his head up and down on the enormous shaft. The tip reached the back of his throat and it didn't faze him one bit. He showed Howard that he could handle it, while at the same time treat it like a precious device that was just too good to disregard.

Howard now had something else in mind. "Now, take a seat. Don't be afraid."

Jesse knew what he meant. He stopped sucking his big cock. He fell to his knees and lowered himself on top of Howard's dick. He looked down at Howard's face and prepared for an unfamiliar feeling. He could feel the tip touching his tight asshole. He didn't hesitate. He lowered himself further down. Within seconds, Howard's wet dick slid deep inside the hole.

Jesse almost screamed. With such a massive dick inside his ass, it gave him a sudden thrill that overwhelmed him. He shivered at the feeling.

Howard encouraged him. "Don't stop. Take that dick like a prince."

Jesse moved his hips up and down. The cock slid in and out of him. Jesse moaned like a nervous young woman willing to submit. Howard just lay still as the young blond man moved his body in a silent rhythmic melody. He kept a slow and steady pace, just enough for him to not freak out at any point in time.

"Oh, fuck. Your cock is so big. I like it."

Howard grabbed him by the hips and encouraged him even further. "Yeah, that's right. You're one of a kind."

Jesse's weak spot ignited an exhilarating sensation from within. With such a massive cock sliding in and out of him, a well-balanced mixture of discomfort and excitement forced him to keep going and resist an abrupt halt. He had never felt this way before, and he didn't intend to get out of it as soon as possible. It fired up a more optimistic psyche, and it certainly helped him erase the melancholy mechanics when dealing with his previous breakup.

He continued to move his hips up and down. Howard had a little smile on his face, which gave the impression that the young man made the right move.

Jesse moaned with his feminine tone of voice. "Oh, how far can we go?"

Howard must have had the right response. "As far as we want to go."

Jesse picked up speed. Howard's tip continued to hit Jesse's weak spot. He made sure that he was fast enough for both men to enhance their primitive spirits. He moaned like a man in the middle of a blissful narrative.

Howard growled. "Oh, yeah. You love that dick, don't you?"

Jesse was so overwhelmed by this particular insertion that he almost had trouble saying, "Oh, I'll never stop wanting that dick!"

All of a sudden, Howard grabbed him and rolled over on the bed. Jesse now lay flat on his back while Howard was right above him. This time, Howard was in charge of the movements. He pushed his cock down in Jesse's ass without hesitation. Jesse, being the submissive one in this new relationship, made sure that he hit the right notes for Howard's ears. His constant moaning remained in a more girlish tendency. This eighteen-year-old man stayed obedient to please his new master.

Howard's smile didn't disappear. "Yeah, enjoy that dick of mine."

Jesse had to take quick breaths in the midst of their zealous union. "Oh fuck! I love your cock!"

He dug his fingers into the sheets as he felt his body growing warmer. Howard didn't stop ramming him with his massive dick. At this rate, his asshole could temporarily expand from such an aggressive attack. But Jesse wanted it. He wanted to feel like the one whose job was to please his companion. His legs were raised up in the air as both men's indulgence showed no signs of stopping.

It lasted longer than Jesse expected. He didn't know how much time had passed since Howard stuck his dick inside his ass for the first time. He could only see twenty minutes as a good estimate. Howard's powerful nature did wonders to Jesse's motivation. He never felt so thrilled to have another man by his side. He managed to stop worrying about being validated by Rebecca. Instead, he deleted the concept of validation from his mind altogether. He set a course for a more tantalizing liaison. He knew that his father made the right decision when making Howard his best friend.

Jesse shouted, "Oh, fuck! Your dick is so incredible!"

The entire bed shook to the rhythm of Howard's pelvic thrusts. Jesse wanted more. He wanted to stay submissive to his new boyfriend. He hoped that this would become even more unforgettable.

Howard, however, did have a limit. Everyone did. His frenetic motions resulted in his ejaculation. He growled as he released his juices. Jesse could feel something thick and creamy spilling out of his hole. He gleefully accepted it.

Howard finally finished. Both men were now sweating. Their special connection ended on a high note.

Jesse couldn't help himself. He gave Howard a big kiss. The big dick inside him made a different perspective more accessible to his lifestyle.

He whispered, "You can fuck me anytime you want. I'll be here whenever you want it."

Howard kissed him on the forehead. "This is gonna be good for both of us."

* * *

Jesse's father had arrived home. He stepped inside the living room, and the first thing he encountered was his son and his best friend sitting on the sofa. The flat screen TV was on, but Jesse and Howard, both fully clothed, didn't have their eyes on it. Instead, they spent their time kissing and hugging each other. It was a slow and sensuous embrace. They didn't even realize that Jesse's father had entered the room since they were so engrossed in their own moment.

Jesse stopped kissing and smiled at his father, who appeared bewildered at this particular image in his living room.

"Okay, what the hell did I just miss?"

Howard laughed. "You didn't miss much."

Jesse added, "Yeah, he's right."

They kept on kissing while Jesse's father looked on with a puzzled look on his face.