 Here I am, Joe Average, well Steve Average anyway... 48 years old, professional, married to second wife for 10 happy years so far, after a miserable first marriage that was 10 years of hell, but that's a whole other story... Anyway, we live in the suburbs of a good sized city, nice home, nice subdivision, great neighbors, nice lifestyle, kids have grown and moved out, nothing exciting... just typical and average.

 Our neighbors across the street are a carbon copy of us, hard working couple during the week, yard work and small home projects on weekends. Terry calls or texts me when he needs help with something and I do the same when I need an extra pair of hands. 

 We moved into the house 9 years ago, they moved in 4 years ago and we hit it off from the start. Although we didn't get together on a regular basis, there were cookouts and friendly visits occasionally when we'd see each other working in the yards. Borrow a leaf blower, help move a bookcase... it couldn't be any more benign. Terry tended to do projects himself, I know my limitations and am good at hiring help and writing checks.

 One spring Saturday I get a text from Terry asking if I could come over and help get some prep work done in advance of a new garage he's having built. I tell my wife that I'm headed across the street and I go over ready to do a little manual labor. 

 As Terry and I are plugging away throughout the morning we're of course talking about various things... work, sports, upcoming vacations... and Terry updates me on his wife's health. She's been having issues that the doctors haven't been able to pinpoint thus far. General overall lethargy and aches and pains, etc. It's been a couple months of doctor visits, tests, various medication trials. She's continued to work and function overall, just a very annoying, underlying "shitty feeling".

 Terry mentions that it's not only been rough on her, but on him as well as he chuckles and I ask how so and he says "I haven't had sex in weeks." And he laughs again.

 I laugh along and tell him "That must suck... or I guess that isn't happening either, huh?" and I laugh with him.

 He responds "Yeah, not even that... I'm not upset with her or anything, she can't help it, but it sure is rough and it's like being back in junior high taking matters into my own hand a lot these days."

 We continue working and getting a good portion of our intended goal done as lunch time approaches. Terry's wife, Sharon, comes out and asks if we'd like to take a break for a sandwich and we welcome the break.

 We head in and I catch up on things with Sharon and we discuss books. We share a common interest in reading material and read some of the same fictional authors. She puts on a happy face but I can see she's getting tired again. Terry and I head back out to slave away and I comment "It was good to see Sharon, I hate to see her so tired looking though. I hope the doctors are able to figure out what's going on soon."

 "You and me both Steve or I'm going to bust a testicle." 

 I hesitate for a moment thinking about saying something, but I stop myself. Terry notices and says "What were you going to say?" 

 "Honestly? I was going to say I may have a temporary solution for you..."

 "How so? Do you know a 'lady of the evening'?"

 "Not exactly..."

 Now is a good time for to explain that lately, just in the past year I've had a sudden desire... a craving... an interest... wondering what it would be like to have a cock in my mouth. I have no interest or desire to be fucked by a guy, just want a cock in my mouth. I have absolutely no idea where this came from or how the entire thought started in my head. I've always been straight, even a bit of a man-whore in my younger days, especially after the first marriage catching up, sowing my wild oats. I've never thought about anything even close to sexual with another man, so why has this been in my head the past year? I have no clue, but I haven't been able to shake it. I watch plenty of porn and never really paid attention the male actors, focusing on the women and I have always appreciated a woman that could deepthroat and enthusiastically suck a big cock. Sure, I've noticed and been impressed by some of the male actors and what they're packing, but never had I sat there stroking myself thinking "I wonder what that would feel like in my mouth." I mean NEVER... until recently. What's going on with me? Some weird middle-age thing? A natural rite of passage that men don't talk about? A brain tumor? I just don't know, but I want it... To touch another cock, to taste another cock, to feel a cock sliding down my throat... to feel one cum in my mouth and taste it... It has to be a brain tumor... there is no other possible explanation.

 Terry is looking at me waiting for an answer and further explanation of what I meant.

 I hem and haw... "Well, no, not a prostitute or anything like that."

 "Well what? One of the housewives in the neighborhood?"

 "Ummmm, no... not that either."

 "Well what then?"

 I can't look Terry in the eye when I say it... "Me."

 Terry's voice rises a little "YOU? What are you talking about?"

 I hush him and say "Look, I've never done it before, but for some reason I've been having this craving to... well... to be honest... to suck a cock." There, I said it, it's out... now Terry who is about 6'3" and solid is about to kick my ass... this was a big mistake...

 After about 20 seconds of silence, Terry says "Well, I can tell you it's different."

 My eyes shoot open and I say "WHAT?"

 It's Terry's turn to tell me to keep my voice down "Look, it was back in college, a quarter of a century ago, I tried it once with my roommate. It just wasn't something I ever did again. No harm, no foul."

 "On the other hand" he said. "My roommate had a hell of a mouth and I let him work his magic on me whenever he got in the mood... hey, a blowjob is a blowjob and when you're not dating a girl at the moment, it was very welcome. Nobody would have guessed that our team back-up point guard had such a smooth throat... He's married with 3 kids now, we still keep in touch."

 I was trying to absorb all of this, while at the same time realizing I was getting a bit hard...

 I glance over at Terry and my eyes move down and I think I see a bit of pressure against the front of his jeans. He looks down, smiles and says "Some fond memories I haven't thought about in a while I guess..."

 Right then, Sharon comes out the back door and tells us "I'm headed out to get my haircut and then coffee with Crystal. Spur of the moment thing, I'm going stir crazy in the house."

 Terry kisses her goodbye and Sharon is out the driveway and headed up the street.

 An awkward few seconds and then Terry says "Are you serious about wanting to try something new?"

 I look him in the eye and in a defiant voice, probably more to sound confident to myself than anything, I say "Yes... I've been thinking about it for a year and I won't get a better opportunity than this."

 Terry turns and heads towards the back door into his house and I follow.

 Once inside the den he stops turns and says "So, how do you want to do this? Want me standing, sitting, laying down, what?"

 I had never really given it any thought before... I just imagined sucking a cock, not the actual logistics of the event... "Ummm, standing I guess." I guess I had pictured myself kneeling in front of a man... 

 Terry says "Well I should go shower first, we've been working up quite a sweat working outside today."

 A little too quickly I say "No, don't... I actually kind of like the idea of you being... well... a little dirty..."

 "Oh, so you're a dirty little cocksucker, huh?" He says with a laugh and a wink... and I nervously laugh a little with him. "I was just kidding, trying to lighten the mood a little."

 I should note that in the past year or so I've really gotten into enjoying the aroma of certain things... in particular my balls first thing in the morning... you know how they're a bit sweaty after being trapped under the covers all night... I haven't been able to get enough of running my hand all under and around my balls and then breathing in deeply the scent... almost intoxicating. But this may be completely different. I know what my balls smell like but I have no idea what another set of balls will smell like... I hope I didn't just make a decision that ruins my fantasy and first experience. In which case this may be my last experience as well.

 Terry walks over to the couch and grabs a throw pillow and comes back to me and drops it in front of him. He starts to reach for his belt buckle but I stop him and tell him I want to do it. I can't look him in the eye any longer and I just look down at his crotch which isn't too far below my eye level as I'm only 5'9" tall to his 6'3". 

 I tentatively place my right hand on his thigh and start to slowly move it upwards until I feel a ridge and my body shivers a little... wow, I'm actually doing this... I just touched another cock... granted it's through a pair of jeans, but still...

 Terry just stands there, knowing I'm going down a path I've never gone down before. I reach for his belt with both hands and pull the strap out and undo it. I then reach and unbutton his jeans. Thank goodness he has a zipper and not 40 buttons to undo, I don't think I could manage that at this moment.

 The sound of his belt buckle rattling and the unzipping of his fly sounds like a jet engine right now as my senses are ultra heightened.

 I now have his pants open and unzipped. I glance up at him and he's smiling down at me and gives me a slight head nod as if to say 'go ahead'.... And I start to pull his pants down along with his boxers at the same time. Slowly... very slowly... I see hair on his lower stomach and I'm glad to see hair as I continue to pull down... I haven't really been into the whole shaved thing so I'm glad to see the equivalent of a bush appearing in front of my face.

 I start to see the base of his cock and I keep pulling down... inch by inch and then I see a piece of the head of his cock and another inch and his cock springs forward, surprising me a little as I jump at the sudden movement.

 There it is... another man's cock... it's right there... in front of my face... holy fuck what am I doing???

 I continue pulling his pants down below his knees and his cock actually touches my forehead as I do this.

 Terry kicks off his shoes and is kind enough to step out of his pants freeing himself completely. He stands there with his legs spread a little in a wide stance, his healthy looking cock hanging there only slightly aroused.

 I just stare at it for a few seconds... and I hear a voice say "Take it in your hand first, just touch it."

 I obey as if in a trance and do as suggested and reach up with my right hand and wrap my fingers around it. It's warm, it's soft, yet hard... and suddenly getting harder. I start to move my hand back and forth along the shaft just taking it all in. I catch a faint whiff of manliness and it's arousing, not unappealing at all. That gets me going and I see a little tiny droplet of clear liquid at the tip and I instinctively lean forward and with the very tip of my tongue lick it off. A very slight moan comes out of Terry's mouth as he's watching me. I look up at him again and this time he says "It's now or never... go for it."

 And I do... I open and take the mushroom head of his nice sized cock into my mouth, just the head... my tongue touches it and I can't believe how soft it feels, I'd never noticed that about my own cock feeling it with my hand after thousands of times stroking myself... but it's so soft... I close my lips around it and just hold it there... Son of a bitch... I HAVE A COCK IN MY MOUTH!!! I shiver again as I realize this.

 I move my head forward a little and take a little more in and back again... I'M SUCKING A COCK!!! A little further with the next back and forth motion... and a little further the next time and I hear Terry start to moan... "Damn, you have no idea how good this feels after being so long without. You're doing great, keep going."

 That's all the encouragement I needed as I start to move my head forward and back sucking his tasty cock. I pull all the way back and do what I've been fantasizing about... I lower myself a little, lift my face and come up under his balls... I see every hair on his sack as I stick my tongue out for a taste... musty, musky... sweaty, salty... but nice... I breathe in deep... deeper... sucking in the aroma I've been thinking about... this is exactly what I've wanted.

 Terry widens his stance a little more to give me room and I take advantage of it by rubbing my face all over and around his balls. They don't hang too low but they are nice and feel good against my face. I'm licking and breathing in deep the entire time wanting more. I pull back, panting a little as I've worked myself up and the aroma of his balls has excited me like never before. I'm rock hard but I don't even think about it.

 I take his cock in my hand again and guide it back to my mouth and try to push it all the way back, coughing a little when I hit the back of my throat. "Slow down there cowboy" Terry says... "we have time, take it slow and see how much you can take. Let's see if you're a true cockwhore and can deepthroat."

 I take my time and relax my mouth and throat and continue sucking and licking this beautiful thing in my mouth. This is what I've wanted and now I have it. I even bury my face in his pubic hair wanting to feel it on my face, still breathing in his natural aroma... he smells as good as I do in the mornings.

 I can't take it anymore and I start fucking him with my mouth, faster and a little deeper each time. Terry reaches down and grabs my head and starts to fuck my mouth as he holds my head still. I don't fight it, I just let him control things. He's face fucking me and I'm loving it. I try to look up at him, his eyes are closed as he's focusing on the wonderful feeling of a mouth on his cock for the first time in a long time.

 I hold still as he face fucks me more... faster... deeper... Then suddenly he stops and holds my head firm and then I feel his cock start to swell and I know what's coming... His hands tighten on my head, he lets out a groan and SPLASH I feel a torrent of liquid hitting the back of my throat. I hold still and just take it... spurt after spurt, stream after stream... he's been holding a lot for a long time. I can barely taste it as his cock is taking up all the room in my mouth but as he starts to pull back I get the full effect of the texture and taste in my mouth... It's amazing... I hold it there with my lips closed. 

 Terry says "Sorry, I didn't mean to cum so fast and I didn't even ask if you wanted it in your mouth." I just smile and nod... and then I swallow... swallow my first load of jizz... I'm in a daze... This was perfect.

 I stand up and Terry says "That was incredible, you're a natural." Then he says "How did you like it? Was it everything you'd fantasized about for the past year?"

 My answer is "Anytime, anywhere... I'll come over and do that."

 "That's a deal. Count on it."

 To be continued...