 As the final work hour ended, Ronald overlooked almost everything that happened today and anticipated a more enthusiastic attitude for the rest of the evening. He couldn't wait to spend the night with his best friend. The twenty-seven-year-old man left his workplace, situated near Staples Center, and waited for Justin at the parking lot. He stayed in his car with the air conditioning turned on. Summer could spoil the fun if people in the city of Los Angeles weren't too careful. Even at night, it would be impossible to escape the discomfort brought about by an unwanted offshore flow. The high temperatures, coupled with the night sky and an excessive amount of humidity, would be a good reason for Ronald and Justin to hang out near the coast, perhaps in Santa Monica or Redondo Beach. A safe haven with air conditioning would be the central focus.

Ronald used his smartphone to send a text message to his best friend, who was of the same age as him. Justin replied, saying that he had a change of plans at the last minute. Ronald spotted him entering the same small parking lot. Justin always appeared to be a handsome man. With his short blond hair, clean clothes, and a complete lack of facial hair, his wife had become a lucky woman.

Ronald got out of his car and asked, "What do you mean a change of plans?"

Justin slid his fingers across his hair. It seemed to represent a certain sort of slyness instead of the usual anxiety that everyone would be aware of.

He replied, "I've made some new friends a few days ago."

Ronald chuckled. "And you didn't even tell me about it? Tell me, who are they?"

"I met them in a warehouse in the city's industrial district. They're good people, and I like them a lot."

"You don't seem like the type of person who would just wander into a warehouse. How did you meet these guys?"

"It's a long story. But I will tell you that I've met the right people. I'd like you to meet them when they're here."

"I'm eager to introduce myself to new people. What are their names?"

"Clive and Aaron."

"They're friendly people, am I right?"

Justin's little smile looked almost suspicious. "If you rub them the right way, then they can be quite friendly."

He pointed his finger at something behind Ronald. "And they're here."

Ronald turned around to see two African-American men getting out of a gray-colored sedan that was parked several yards away. One had long dreadlocks that almost reached his waist, while the other had no hair at all. Both men looked to be ten years older than both Ronald and Justin. Their casual apparel consisted of blue jeans and white t-shirts. The two African-American men smiled and nodded at Justin.

The one with the dreadlocks asked, "Who is this guy right here?"

Justin replied, "He's my best friend. Ronald, say hello to Clive and Aaron."

Ronald waved his hand. He was almost impressed with both men's rugged exteriors. Their brawny appearance would make any women swoon.

"So what do you do for a living?"

The one with the bald head replied, "We work at a warehouse."

"That's what Justin said to me just a minute ago. How did you guys meet?"

The one with the dreadlocks smiled. "Let's just say that it's a little confidential."

Ronald noticed the black man's sly-looking stare. "Your name's Aaron, is it?"

"It's Clive."

"Right, uh...is there something wrong? You're looking at me like I'm some sort of love slave."

Clive chuckled. "It's nothing. From what I can see, you've got the right stuff."

"Thanks a lot."

Ronald wasn't exactly as muscular as the two African-American men, but both he and Justin had slim and firm bodies that they had grown proud of.

Aaron asked Justin, "So are you ready to go?"

Justin nodded. "I always am."

Ronald was caught off-guard by the sudden change of plans. "Wait, aren't you going to come with me? We were supposed to visit the beach."

Justin waved it off. "I changed my mind. I want to spend the night with my new friends."

"You wouldn't just abandon your best friend like that, would you?"

"I know I wouldn't. So why don't you join us? We're going to the same warehouse where they work."

Clive raised an eyebrow as he eyed Ronald from top to bottom. "That doesn't sound like a bad idea."

Ronald ignored the brief examination and asked, "What are you going to do in this warehouse?"

Justin and Aaron stared and smiled at each other. The silent interaction seemed crafty to the point that a hidden truth was possible.

Justin replied, "We're just going to have some fun. Come join us. It'll be a night that you'll never forget."

Ronald shook his head. "I'm not too sure about that."

"Trust me. It'll be worth it. Would your own best friend lie to you about certain festivities?"

"No, I guess not."

Justin licked his upper lip for a second. "Tell your wife that this could take a while."

Justin, who originally shared a ride with Ronald, decided to join Aaron and Clive in their car. All Ronald had to do was follow the vehicle as they would be on their way to the city's industrial district. He looked to the north to see the city's towering skyline still glittering with artificial lights. Sighing, he called his wife and reminded her that he might be home sometime around midnight. As soon as he finished the call, he entered his car and followed Clive and Aaron's car out of the parking lot and onto the street.

* * *

As they moved deeper into the industrial district, Ronald kept his radio on to listen to classic rock music performed by Aerosmith. He kept it at mid-volume as he followed the gray-colored sedan, watching it moving deeper into a place he rarely recognized. He could see empty streets, endless rows of concrete buildings, and chain link fences used as security against potential burglars. As the most visible entity in the sky, the full moon didn't seem so incongruous in such an urban environment. Instead, its natural beauty fueled the mystery surrounding these old and empty buildings.

Both cars stopped at a small intersection. Despite the lack of traffic lights, Clive and Aaron's car didn't move after several seconds of pause. One brief look at the back seat of their car, and Ronald's attention shifted from the uncertainty of their proposed amusement to Justin's apparent act that unfolded in Clive and Aaron's backseat.

Ronald held his breath. He may have imagined it, but he witnessed his best friend joining Clive in the backseat and giving him a kiss. Ronald's eyes widened when the absolute truth had been exposed thanks to the street lights on the sidewalk. Justin wrapped his arms around Clive's neck and continued expressing a personality that Ronald had never seen before. The gray sedan moved once again, and Ronald continued to follow from behind.

At first, Ronald wanted to deny the entire thing. But he couldn't reject what he had just witnessed a few seconds ago. He tapped his fingers on the steering wheel. He no longer cared about the music on the radio. He needed information regarding the whereabouts of Justin's common sense. His wife would never dare to accept his actions, and neither would Ronald. He took deeper breaths as the four of them came to a stop in front of a two-story building. They parked right in front of the warehouse that featured clear white walls and brown-stained windows. One window had its glass shattered, looking as if someone had thrown a brick at it.

Ronald tried to say something about what he had just witnessed, but as soon as his best friend and the two African-American men got out of their vehicle, he couldn't find anything to say at the moment.

Aaron stated, "Let's go inside. We'll show you what it's like to have fun."

They stepped inside the warehouse. Clive turned on all of the fluorescent lights, revealing the true nature of the building's exterior. Ronald could see two rows of tall metal shelves placed on the floor, along with a mezzanine holding two more rows but with a smaller supply.

Ronald could only say one thing. "It looks really nice."

Clive smiled. "I'm glad you like it. It's the perfect place to have some fun."

Ronald slid his fingers across his short black hair. "I don't see a DJ anywhere."

"You don't need one. Am I right, Justin?"

Justin chuckled. "I already know it, hot stuff."

That last word alone made Ronald a little uncomfortable with the new surroundings. "Why did you say that?"

Justin replied, "It's what I always call him."

Ronald could no longer comprehend their current situation. "Where's the bathroom?"

Aaron pointed at the far corner of the warehouse. "You won't miss it."

"Thanks."

But Ronald didn't want to do anything in the bathroom. When he reached his primary destination, he closed the door behind him and turned on the faucet. He washed his face to erase his anxiety and regain his composure. The cold water helped cool his skin and pacify his mental dilemma. He used the paper towels to dry his face entirely. The solution had failed. He still couldn't erase Justin's kiss from his memory. If he needed answers, he would have to confront his best friend and demand that he explain himself. This would be the only way to make things right.

Ronald exited the bathroom. But just as he readied himself to deal with the three other men in the building, he stopped dead at his tracks. He now had the opportunity to see it unfold again. This time, it would go much deeper than a simple kiss.

Ronald hid behind the metal shelves as he watched his blond friend being groped by two black men. Justin had just taken his shirt off. Clive and Aaron surrounded him from the front and the back. From behind, Aaron leaned over and kissed Justin's bare shoulder, while Clive was the one who kissed him right on the lips.

Aaron whispered, "You can't escape from us. This is our time to shine."

Justin moaned. "I can't wait."

Ronald remained silent as Clive undid Justin's belt and pulled his jeans and boxer shorts down. He hurled them away before Aaron slid his fingers further down the white man's nude body. He reached down between Justin's legs and closed his fingers around his fresh bright cock. Justin didn't retaliate, and instead gave Aaron a kiss without hesitation. It was slow and sensuous, nothing that signified any regret from Justin's motive.

With what he had seen, Ronald would have no choice but to leave and go back home to enjoy his wife's company. He should have done it right away, if only Clive didn't spot him his hiding behind the shelves. The African-American man presented a smile that appeared almost conniving in a way.

"Come on, show yourself. You've got nothing to fear."

Ronald walked away from the shelves. He could only look at his best friend with mild resentment.

"How the hell could you do such a thing?"

Justin, still surrounded by his two taller companions, didn't stop smiling. "I'm not complaining."

"Think about what you're doing. You're destroying your wife. You're destroying yourself!"

Aaron narrowed his eyes. "You don't like what you see, do you?"

"Of course, I don't. This shouldn't happen."

Aaron stepped away from his submissive friend. "So what are you going to do? Are you going to tell his wife the truth?"

"I might have to do that."

"You don't have to do it. You've never seen how good this will feel."

Ronald couldn't stop staring at Clive kissing Justin's neck and shoulders. Justin, now unclothed from top to bottom, stayed in Clive's arms and let him dominate several spots on his body. Again, the younger white man didn't retaliate from this sudden turn of events.

Ronald shook his head. "I can't believe you'd do this."

Justin's voice had grown more seductive than usual. "Aaron is right. You don't know how this feels. You should join us."

Being convinced that this would harm his reputation would be the best way to keep his common sense intact. "I'm sorry, but I can't do that."

Aaron stepped closer towards him. "All you need is a little persuasion. Let me help."

"What are you going to do?"

"I'm not going to hurt you. I'm just going to make you do the things that Justin wants to do."

"Keep me the fuck out of this, man."

"Your opinions are worthless."

All of a sudden, Aaron lunged at him and grabbed him by the arms. Ronald tried to escape from his grasp, but brute strength became something that he would never resist.

"I can call the cops! My phone is ready to use!"

Aaron laughed. "Don't be stupid. I'm not the type of guy who would beat the living shit out of you."

"Then, just let me go."

"Only if you promise us that you won't leave as soon as possible."

Ronald grew annoyed. "All right, fine. I'll stay here, but I won't like what I'll see."

"I don't trust you already."

Aaron pulled him closer to the other two men who had already made their moves.

With his arms still detained, Ronald searched for the true voice of reason in the midst of this strange happening.

"Justin, do you see what's going on? Why are you doing this?"

Justin didn't respond. He let Clive do his own thing. The tall black man pulled down his blue jeans and revealed his lethal weapon to those who had been destined to see it.

"Get down on your knees and give it a lick."

Justin should have been the type of person who would refuse to be treated like this. On this warm and quiet evening, he looked to have been an entirely different person altogether. He dropped down to his knees and grabbed Clive's thick black cock. The blond man stuck out his tongue and slid it all the way around the bulbous tip. And he looked as if he enjoyed it. He smiled as he continued to lick the black cock without hesitation.

Ronald refused to take this seriously. "Are you for real, Justin?"

Aaron whispered in Ronald's ear. "Let him concentrate. He works best when people don't talk him down."

Justin transitioned from licking the cock to kissing it and rubbing it against his cheek. "I still can't decide which dick I like more."

Clive chuckled. "I'm sure mine is the best."

Aaron shook his head. "The award definitely goes to me."

"Prove it."

Aaron let go of Ronald's arms and drew closer to Justin. The baldheaded black man unzipped his jeans and showed Justin his own savage beast ready to participate. Justin grabbed both cocks and opened his mouth wide. He inserted both tips deep into his oral cavity. Ronald could do nothing but stand still and witness his best friend becoming someone other than the man he once knew.

Aaron muttered, "You still enjoy this part, don't you?"

Justin didn't say anything as he let Clive and Aaron take control of his original intentions. As their tips touched inside his mouth, he stroked both cocks with his swift fingers. Ronald tried to look away, but his willpower failed him at the worst time imaginable. His eyes could only see nothing but Justin being used by two large men in a warehouse.

"This shouldn't happen."

But somewhere in his train of thought, a little bit of curiosity had just been materialized. He didn't want to admit it, though he could feel it cultivating in his mindset.

Justin finally pulled the two black tips out of his mouth. "Come on, Ronald, join me."

Ronald took quicker breaths. "I can't. This is degrading."

Justin quickly stood up and pulled Ronald closer to their hot spot. "It won't hurt. All you have to do is keep your mouth shut."

Clive undid Ronald's belt and threw it aside. Justin pulled his friend's shirt off of him.

"They seem to enjoy your company so far. You should make the most out of it."

Ronald began to feel entranced. "We both have wives. We can't destroy everything we worked hard for."

Justin's smile didn't disappear. "They told you to keep your mouth shut. It shouldn't be very hard to do just that."

Ronald opened his mouth to say something, but closed it again. He couldn't turn away from Clive and Aaron's fierce stares. All he could do now was stand still as Justin pulled his jeans and boxer shorts down and threw them in the same spot with the rest of the clothes. Clive and Aaron unclothed themselves in front of the others. Ronald stared at three naked men, one of which had been eager to keep the festivities going. Ronald waited for something interesting to happen.

He didn't expect it to be so abrupt.

Clive came up from behind him. The black man embraced him right. Ronald could not only feel warmth on his back, but a long cylindrical figure touching his left buttock. He gasped as soon as Clive pressed his big cock against his smooth cheek.

Clive whispered, "Don't be afraid. This is just natural."

Ronald began to tremble at the thought of being dominated by another man. "I'm still not sure about this."

Justin licked his upper lip. "Relax. Just watch me."

It was now Aaron's time to grab Justin and embrace him from behind. Ronald looked down to see Aaron's cock being inserted deep inside Justin's circular hole. Justin gasped. Aaron's began his strong pelvic thrusts at an unhurried pace.

Justin squeezed his eyes shut as if in pain. "Do it! Fuck me hard!"

Ronald was stunned. He had never seen his best friend so euphoric in terms of a personal connection. All of a sudden, he experienced the same thing. From behind, he could feel his own hole being treated with Clive's abrupt insertion. Ronald gasped. It felt so strange. Nobody had ever stuck their dicks inside him, and seeing as how it finally happened, the pain didn't seem excruciating at all. Once it hit his weak spot down below, a new variation of natural ecstasy had been discovered. It became so unexpected that he didn't have the time to analyze the consequences that he would have to endure. He started moaning after every single thrust. He grabbed hold of Clive's arms to prevent himself from losing his balance and falling to the floor.

"I shouldn't be doing this!"

Clive replied, "It doesn't matter now!"

Ronald stood still as Clive pushed his powerful locomotive deep into his narrow space. Having his hole being plugged by a foreign object would have been agonizing to someone like him. His thin crevice felt as though it didn't take its time adjusting to its new expansion. He didn't expect the mild pain, however, to coincide with the bliss that overwhelmed his five senses.

He looked on to see Justin apparently feeling the same thing. The blond man squeezed his eyes shut and left his mouth wide open. His moans interchanged with motivational phrases.

Including, "Don't stop fucking me! Don't stop! Your dick is amazing!"

With Clive's belligerent propelling, Ronald would have said the same things. He wanted to, but he remembered why he wanted to return home in the first place. But at the same time, this new experience was too good to give up. He embraced Clive's warm body and yelled the same things that Justin had just said, including a few variations of the same phrases.

Aaron stopped thrusting and said to Justin, "Your friend doesn't look like he's enjoying it that much. Give him a little company so that he feels welcome."

Aaron pulled out of his blond companion and let him step closer to Ronald, who still couldn't handle Clive's powerful penetrations without believing that it wouldn't lead to any special benefits in the end. He gritted his teeth as an attempt to overlook the unbelievable sting that finally cropped up between his buttocks. He watched as Justin now stood just a few inches in front of him with a look of determination.

"Don't be afraid. We're in this together. Trust me."

Ronald shook his head. "I don't know if I should."

Clive didn't stop thrusting. "It doesn't matter what you think. Trust your friend and let it happen."

Justin smiled. "Let me help you."

He gave Ronald a short kiss. "This'll do."

He kissed him and brought his body closer to him. Ronald didn't mind the kiss, but having their cocks pressing against each other from down below would have given him the passion required to attempt an escape. Justin didn't stop kissing him while Clive didn't stop his driving force. Now, two men came into contact with Ronald's body.
