  Author's note: This is a short piece, just a little over 1000 words, it's not really a story, it's just a sex fantasy. You can put yourself in the position of either character and hopefully enjoy some erotic thoughts as you read. 



 You are a clean healthy man in your mid 40's. You have posted an ad looking for a discrete blow job with your face concealed so that we will never see each other face to face. You claim to be straight, so I claim to be a woman. I have a high pitched voice so maybe I will get away with the ruse. We exchange a few messages then you tell me that you will be in a street level walk in motel room and that the door will be unlocked. 

 I arrive and find you on the bed with a pillowcase covering your head. I'm impressed you have a great body and very nice cock at least 5" limp and uncut laying there against your left leg. I put on my best female voice and say "MMMM nice. We are going to have a wonderful time. Now you just lay back and enjoy. Remember the rules, no peeking and no touching me. This is just for you and I am going to blow your mind. Your cock is already getting excited." 

 "Fuck dear, your voice and my imagination combined have me going already. Hope I can hold on for a while I would hate to blow my load too quickly." He said. 

 "Ok, I'm not going to touch you with anything but my tongue and lips. Don't worry about cumming too soon. I will know and back off. I plan to edge you for a long time. You will be begging me to let you cum." 

 Your cock is fully engorged now and has grown to about seven inches. Half the head is peeking from your foreskin and precum is dripping onto your stomach. My mouth begins to water and I lowered my head to the task at hand. With just the tip of my tongue I touch the base of your cock and slide it all the way to the tip. I lap up the precum and encircled your cockhead with my lips licking up all the precum that is under your foreskin. I groan from the heady feeling I am getting from servicing you, my beautiful man. 

 I start to pull off, but you try to push your cock deeper. I prevail and slip my mouth off your cock and leave you hanging. There is no hurry. After what seems like five minutes, but is more like 30 seconds, I draw your balls into my mouth one at a time and suck them gently. Then I open really wide and I am able to get both balls in my mouth. I use my tongue roll your balls around in my mouth. I feel you squirming. You are completely vulnerable to me. Your jewels are in my mouth, I'm a stranger, do you trust me? Your moans answer my question. You can't lay still you are squirming and groaning. 

 I push each ball out of my mouth using my tongue to press them through the suction of my lips. As the last ball is freed I stick out my tongue lick them working them up and down and sideways. Then with my tongue flat against the base of your cock and press down pushing your cock against your stomach, I slide it up to the tip of your cock. With my tongue out as far as I can stick it I open my mouth and slide over your cockhead and hold you in my mouth and start sliding my tongue in and out of my mouth rubbing against your cockhead and the bottom side of your cock. 

 I can tell that this move is a little too intense especially for an uncircumsized cock and is taking the edge off your erection. I use my lips and kiss and lightly suck top half of your cock with less pressure from my tongue. This has the desired effect and you are once again moaning with pleasure and trying to thrust your cock into my mouth. I slide my lips back up your cock and kiss and suck and flick my tongue around your cockhead before sliding you cock as far into my mouth as I can. My throat opens a little and my gag reflex squeezes your cock. Your body responds like you are receiving an electric shock. I pull myself back to the head and suck on it again. Your cock is dripping in my saliva and I am now being treated to a steady flow of precum. You taste so good! 

 You are trying to thrust into my mouth again. I back off and kiss my way back down to your balls and bathe them in sloppy kisses and suck on them again working them over good with my tongue. You are moaning and squirming is telling me how good it feels. I am having fun, just loving your cock. Your pleasure is my pleasure. My cock is straining in my pants but this is about you. I think you have settled down a bit now and it is safe to suck on your cock again. I open my mouth wide and take as much cock as I can then close my lips and suck while holding the base of your cock as my lips slide up to the head. I continue with this swallowing and sucking until you are on the verge again. 

 I put the end of my tongue over the slit in your cockhead and lap up the precum that is still leaking profusely. My own cock is leaking and has soaked through my trousers. My jaws are getting a little sore so I spend a minute or two kissing your cock, your balls and your foreskin. I pull your foreskin down your cock and put my tongue on the end of your cock then slide the foreskin back up over my tongue like I'm fucking it. Fuck this is hot I'm thinking as I slide my lips back onto your cock. It is taking less and less time to bring you to the verge now. Your precum is getting closer to actual cum. I back off again and you plead with me to let you cum. 

 I hold out and bring you back to the brink time and time again. You are now pleading with me making up reasons that I should let you cum. When you said that your cock was getting sore and I should take pity on you and let you cum. I cupped my lips around your cock and gently sucked on it flicking my tongue as I moved up and down. 

 "Oooooh fuuuck!" You screamed. And your cock convulsed in my mouth. I gently sucked up and swallowed every drop. 

 You say, "Fuck that was amazing!". 

 You surprised me by saying, "I have to see the woman that can suck cock like that." 

 You reached for the pillowcase. "Are you sure I asked?" 

 "Hell yes," you say as you pull the pillowcase off your head. "Shit, you are a man." 

 "Yeah, guilty," I say. 

 "Come here," yousay. 

 "Why?" I ask. 

 "Just shut up and come here." 

 As I approach you hug me and kissme on the lips. "Mmmmm, my cum tastes pretty good doesn't it?" You ask. 

 I agree, "It's delicious!" 

 "I know I told you I am straight and I am, but I have never had a blow job like that from a woman. I may have to change my mind." 

 "I hope you do, my name is Ken here is my phone number. Call me anytime." 

 He told me his name is Ed. I await his call.