 A while back I answered an ad from a guy wanting a woman to give him a blowjob while he was blindfolded to assure discretion. He claimed to be straight so I claimed to be a woman. He enjoyed the BJ so much that he just had to see the woman who pleased him so much. When he saw me he seemed angry at first, but, then he decided he may be a little bit gay. 

My name is Ken and my new friend was Ed. I gave him my phone number and told him to call me anytime. 

It's been a few months and I haven't heard from Ed. I figure he is married and ashamed of what he did. That's okay I understand at least I took a shot. He would have been a fine buddy even if his only gay desire was to receive blowjobs. I am very oral and always happy to have a nice clean cock full of cum in my mouth. Then, one evening I got a call from Ed. He has been thinking about our rendezvous and that he wants to get together again. My heart sped up just a bit. I asked him what had taken him so long to call. He told me that he was conflicted about the decision. His wife had noticed a difference in his behaviour and he was reluctant to tell her about his gay desires. Eventually all he could think about was that blowjob and he confessed to his wife. Predictably, she was not impressed and promptly told him that, even before his confession, she had been thinking that their marriage wasn't working and she would be filing for divorce. Ed said that he was relieved with his wife's decision and now he wanted to discover what had always been missing in his life. 

We arranged to meet again to explore his new desires. Since I have an apartment and live alone, I invited him to come over. He arrived in about half an hour. I offered him a beer and we sat in the living room nursing the beer. Ed appeared to be a little uptight. I could tell he was worried about something. I asked if he was okay with this. 

He told me that he was nervous and the blowjob I had given him was the only experience he ever had with a man. He had enjoyed the blowjob but was nervous about what else I might want him to do. 

I told him not to worry, I would be okay with it if all he wanted was blowjobs and that he could ask me to stop at any time if I tried anything that he was uncomfortable with. 

I had worked all day and hadn't had time to shower, so I asked Ed if he wanted to join me in the shower. He agreed that that may be a good icebreaker. He had never seen me naked before and seemed a little shy at first. The water was warm and I let it wash over my head and run down my body. I scrubbed off the sweat and grime of the day while Ed watched. When I had cleaned myself I soaped up Ed's body and rinsed him down before kneeling in front of him. "I already know you like this," I told him as I licked from his balls to the tip of his cock. 

"Fuck, that's so hot," he said. "It is so much nicer when I can watch. I have to admit that with the pillowcase over my head I enjoyed trying to guess what you would do next, but, this is better." 

I sucked him deep into my mouth and flicked my tongue around the head, alternating between deep throating and licking his cockhead. After a few minutes he was getting close. I wasn't done with him yet so I stood in front of him and leaned in. It was the first time our cocks had touched. I tried to kiss him. He wasn't ready for that so I asked him to touch my cock. He was more than ready for that. He cupped my balls with his left hand while stroking my cock with his right. It felt good but he was a little awkward. I was sure he would get better. 

"Let's dry off and go to the bedroom," I suggested. 

On the bed I had him lay on his back. I knelt between his legs and licked his cock. I asked him to raise his legs and hold them up by his chest. He hesitated and I reminded him that he could tell me to stop if I did something he didn't like. He did as I asked. I leaned in and took his balls into my mouth rolling them around with my tongue before popping them out. I stuck my nose under his balls and licked the area between his asshole and his balls. He was moaning with pleasure now and his cock was bobbing in rhythm with my tongue movements. 

I went lower and ran the flat of my tongue across his asshole, then drove the tip into his asshole. He stiffened. I expected him to stop me but he relaxed and let me rim him. He was moaning and groaning with every flick of my tongue. I move up and tongue lashed his cock before swallowing it to the hilt into my throat. He was getting so close. I let his cock slip from my mouth and looked into his eyes. 

"Not yet my friend," I said. "There's more." 

I moved up over his body and sucked on his nipples. His legs relaxed and slipped back down onto the bed. I think this was the first time anyone had ever sucked on his nipples. He loved it. I slid up further and nibbled on his earlobes. Our cocks came together and I started grinding mine into his. I was nearly as close as he was by this time. His responses had totally turned me on and as we frotted against each other our cocks spewed huge loads of cum between us. As we came I clamped my lips over his and there was no hesitation. He kissed me back. 

There's still more I told him. I licked some of our combined loads off his chest and scooped some onto my finger offering it to him. He hesitated, then took a little bit on the tip of his tongue. I could tell he wasn't sure. "It's an acquired taste," I told him as I took another lick from his body. 

"I think we need a rest," I said. 

We spent a half hour back in the living room sucking back another beer with our cocks hanging out dribbling the remnants of our orgasms all over the furniture. 

"How do you like what we have done so far?" I asked. 

"It's been the best sex I have ever had." Ed replied. "My wife and any girlfriends I ever had wouldn't do the things you did, even if I could have imagined enough to ask for it," he added. 

"Speaking of imagination, what have you been picturing a gay relationship to be like? What other activities would you like to try?" I asked. 

"I'm not sure," Ed replied. I have watched enough porn to know that some guys like to have anal sex." 

"Do you think you would like that? Would you like to get fucked or to fuck me?" I asked. 

"Isn't that really dirty?" He asked. 

"It doesn't have to be," I told him. 

"What about the shit?" He asked. 

"Have you ever heard about an anal douche?" I asked.

"No I haven't," he said. 

"Well, it's like an enema except you only put enough water in to fill your rectum. Then you push it out. If you do that two or three times you will be pretty clean inside," I explained. 

"Ok, I guess. Doesn't it hurt?" He asked. 

"A little at first," I replied. "Then it feels really fucking amazing." 

"How does it feel to fuck a guy?" Ed asked. 

"Imagine a tight pussy and double or triple the tightness. Then imagine her squeezing with her pussy muscles, a guy can squeeze a hundred times harder," I explained. 

"I want to fuck you," he said. "Then we'll see where we go from there." 

"That's fine with me, I'm versatile but really love to bottom," I said. "You really should try it. Maybe not tonight but soon. I could be selfish and just let you be a top, but I know you will love once you can relax and give it a fair try." 

"Okay, enough talk. Let's fuck,"he said. 

When we got back to the bed I told him that I needed some foreplay before he fucked me. He wasn't sure what I was talking about. I told him that up until now I had been serving him and if he wanted to fuck me he should do some of those things to me to get me in the mood. 

He looked at my cock and said that it looked like I was in the mood. I couldn't argue with that, my cock was stiff as an iron rod and drooling. 

"Try licking it, precum is almost sweet, sweeter than cum," I told him. 

He tentatively touched the tip of his tongue to my cockhead, then tasted. The next time he laid the flat of his tongue against my drooling slit and lapped it up. His lips encircled my cockhead and I felt suction pulling on my cock sucking the precum from it. He kept this up for a couple of minutes before asking. "Are you in the mood yet?" 

"Yeah, I'm ready. Go slow. There's lube and condoms in the drawer of the bedside table." I replied. 

I had cleaned myself out before he arrived so we didn't have to do that. 

Ed applied a liberal amount of lube to my hole and worked it in with a finger. I told him to put some more and add another finger and push slowly in past the second knuckle. He did and my asshole easily adjusted to the size. He rolled a condom down his cock and added lube to it. His cock is big but not huge I was panting with anticipation. He touched the head of his cock to my hole and pressed. I groaned at the short lived pain. Ed stopped and asked if I was ok. After a short hold, I told him I was fine and that he could continue. My sphincter was relaxed now and his cock was able to glide to the hilt not stopping until his balls slapped against my ass. He groaned his appreciation of my tight ass. I clamped down on his cock feeling it flex as it conformed to the shape of my ass muscles. 

"Ooooh my god," he screamed. 

I thought that I had hurt him until he exclaimed, "fuck that is amazing! It feels so good!" 

"Try moving your cock, short strokes," I instructed. 

When he pulled back about an inch and tried to push it back in I could feel his cock prying me open. It was impossible for him to stroke in a normal fucking manner. The feeling for me was intense, but for him it was so tight that it almost hurt. I relaxed my muscles and he slid freely in and out. He fucked me like that for a little while, then "Ooooh fuck, Ken I am going to cum." He did. The condom had split from the hard pushing against my clamped muscles. I could feel the cum pouring into me and dripping from my ass as his stroking slowed to a fully impaling final thrust. As he pulled out I gave him one last squeeze and his cockhead popped out. His balls were covered in cum and my ass juices. The broken condom bunched up at the base of his cock. 

"Fuck, that was hot!" Ed exclaimed. 

"I agree, so much for protection though." 

"I'm negative, I hope you are too?" Ed said. It was a statement but sounded more like a question. 

I looked him in the eyes and said, "I haven't been tested for a while but I think I'm fine." 

Ed looked concerned and pulled away from me. 

"I'm teasing," I told him. "I got tested last week and you are my first since the test. Your right, it was hot. I loved the feeling of your cum dripping from my ass." 

I could see relief spread across Ed's body, first his face, then he exhaled, followed by a relaxation throughout his limbs and torso. He flopped onto the bed beside me, we laid there and relaxed for half an hour. I could tell that Ed was deep in thought. 

"What's on your mind?" I asked. 

"I was just thinking, all my life I have lived as a straight man, until I placed that ad and I really was looking for a woman. You showed up and gave me the best blowjob I've ever had. I am so glad I didn't look until after you had blown my mind, but I am also glad I didn't let you get away before I saw you. You've opened up a whole new life and I want to experience it all." Ed went on for about 10 minutes. I won't bore you with all the details.

When he slowed down enough for me to get a word in, I said, "Okay, enough talk. Let's see some action. It's time for me to take that cherry of yours. I am one orgasm behind you. It's time for me to have some fun!" 

I knew I was pushing him and he may push back. If he did I would back off. I didn't want to scare him away. I was a little surprised when he smiled at me and said, "bring it on but take it easy." 

I explained how I would prepare him and make sure that there would be as little pain as possible. I taught him how to cleanse in preparation and once that was done I took my time loosening and relaxing his sphincter, ending up with three fingers in to the second knuckle and him experiencing no pain. 

I had used plenty of lube so he was ready. I rolled a condom onto my cock and lubed it up. "Are you ready? I asked. 

"Fuck yeah," he replied. 

"Remember to relax, I'm not going to hurt you."

I placed my cock at his hole and started to push. He clamped down, I pulled back. "Relax Ed, my cock isn't much bigger than the fingers I had in you, it's just longer. I will go very slowly and before you know it you will be feeling better than you have ever felt before." 

He did relax and my cock slid into his sphincter, I kept encouraging him and I felt the resistance ease as the head slipped into his channel. I stopped and held steady asking if he was okay. He said it hurt a little but was okay. I waited for him to tell me to go deeper, then starting very short strokes feeling my cock slowly advancing up his channel. Ed seemed to be comfortable but I continued slowly. When I was balls deep he sighed and said, "Ohh wow! That is so fucking good. Go slow for a while but... Fuck Me!" 

I eased my cock out of him until his hole kissed the tip of it, then in one long stroke I slid all the way back into him. He groaned and pushed against me. I shortened my stroke to about 2 or 3 inches and set up a steady rhythm. Ed was moaning in pleasure his ass was grasping my cock every time pelvis slapped his ass at the end of each stroke. "Faster, harder," Ed encouraged me. I sped up the pace and pushed harder. I could feel the end of my cock hitting him at a slightly different spot maybe just a little deeper with the harder strokes. At the end of each stroke I could hear Ed quietly saying, "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck." Then "harder, harder, harder, harder." His ass was now clutching my cock and making it difficult to stroke freely. I must have been giving his prostate a good massage. His body started to spasm and I could tell that he was having an orgasm. "Ohhh fuck Ken, fuck me Ken, don't stop, please don't stop." 

I fucked him faster and his body continued to spasm. It was a long continuous orgasm but he hadn't ejaculated. I wasn't going to be able to last much longer. I told Ed that I was going to cum. He begged me not to stop, but it was too late as my orgasm hit me I impaled him and my cock swelled an as my own spasms overtook me my cock bobbed and pulsed inside him. It was like I had turned on his fountain and his cum shot out. His ass clutched my cock hard as each pulse of his semen sprayed my bed and his chest. He collapsed on the bed with me on top of him. I started to pull away but he asked me to stay inside him. I lay there on him as his ass continued to milk my cock. Eventually his body relaxed and my cock softened and slipped from his ass. 

It had been one of the best fucks I had ever given to a guy and his body response had been a real surprise since it was his first time. We contentedly snuggled for a half hour or so. It was getting late and we were both exhausted, so, Ed not wanting to give his wife any ammunition for a better divorce settlement went home to sleep in the guest room. 

I knew I would hear from him again. I changed the sheets and slept like a baby.