 I picked up my phone just as I did every morning to shut off my alarm – I briefly considered throwing it out my window. I didn't move for ten minutes.

"Better get up," I said to myself. I had too much to do to waste time staying in bed.

I did all the morning usuals – coffee, breakfast, bathroom, and off to start the day. I grabbed my gym bag and headed out the door – not my favourite part of the day but I had about ten pounds to go before I got to my goal weight. In all honesty, if I didn't spend all my money on buying food out, I'd be thinner and richer. On the way to the gym, I thought about everything I needed to do today: go grocery shopping, get my hair cut, do some personal grooming, and then go to work. As I finished my list of things to do for the day, my thoughts took a turn to the gym. Leg day wasn't my favourite day, but it was definitely not one you skip. More importantly than what I would be doing was who I would be seeing – and I was hoping that Mike would be there.

I should probably mention that I'm bisexual – I'm not private or public about it, if it comes up, then it comes up. I was single at the time, and living a nice life – not really looking for anything serious.

I pulled my car into the parking lot, parked in the same spot as always, grabbed my gym bag and my water, and went inside. I scanned my membership tag and went straight for the locker room. When I went inside, there he was. Mike was always here in the morning, so I shouldn't be surprised. He had bulges in all the right places – and the most perfect ass. It sucked that he was straight, but that doesn't mean he wasn't wonderful eye candy. 

"Morning Cody!" Mike shouted.

"Morning Mike," I replied with all the excitement I could muster in the morning.

"Excited for leg day?"

"Is anyone ever excited for leg day?" I laughed back.

"Leg day is underrated. You need power in your legs to do things – especially with the girls," he winked.

Or guys, I thought. "That's true," I autoreplied. My mind was elsewhere imagining what Mike's legs could do.

"Alright buddy, see ya later," he said walking out of the locker room.

"You're leaving?!" I almost couldn't contain the disappointment.

"Yeah. Meetings all day. Gotta go in early if I don't want to be there until 9 tonight."

"I feel that. Take care man – see you around."

"Later bro."

And with that, he was gone. 

Oh well. At least I'll be able to concentrate this week without almost dropping the weights on myself like last time.

I went over to the treadmills, did a little cardio, and headed to the squat rack to start setting up. Set one. Set two. Set three. Kill me.

"How many more sets you got left?" I heard from behind me.

I turned and was met with the most intense green eyes I had ever seen in my life. Who the hell is this guy? Looked about an inch shorter than me, so 5'9", well built all over but not overdone, perfectly carved cheekbones, rosy cheeks, and deep green eyes that felt like they were looking into my soul. Fuck, I didn't answer him. What did he ask? "What?" I managed to get out sounding like a caveman.

"How many more sets?" he repeated.

"Just one," I answered – my voice sounding unstable.

"Okay cool. I'll just wait around," he said. His hardened face suddenly broke into a smile, and I swear I almost fainted.

I turned around to finish my set, and walked straight into the bar. For fucks sake. Can I get through one day without looking like a complete moron. I turned to look at him again – thankfully he wasn't looking my way. Who the fuck is that? I've never seen him before. I thought with Mike not here I might be able to concentrate. I turned my focus back to the squat rack and tried to power through but my legs felt like they might give. I got to 8, my minimum, and put the bar back. I looked over at him again – chatting up some hot redhead. Straight. Of course. Can't catch a damn break in this place. I stripped the weights off the bar. I walked over to him to let him know I was done.

I touched his shoulder. Holy fuck. He's ripped. "All yours man," and he turned and I swear his eyes shook me to my core they were so deep.

"Thanks, man," he smiled back.

I went to grab the weights for my next exercise. I saw him do a few squats. What an ass on that guy. And I watched him thrust forward after each rep. All I could imagine was being on the other side being the one he thrust into. I used whatever self control I had to finish my day. I did my lunges, my leg press, and started my deadlifts. I had just finished my second set when-

"You're going to throw out your back doing that," a voice said behind me.

I turned and was met with those gorgeous green eyes. "What?" was all I could say. He's going to think I'm a fucking moron.

"While you're doing your deadlift, you're not going low enough. You're putting pressure on your back, and not enough on your legs and butt."

I stood there unable to speak for a second. I will admit my back usually feels really sore after deadlifting.

"Want me to show you?" he said.

"You work here or something?" I asked trying to sound like a human with actual conversational skills.

"Yes, actually," he laughed. "I'm a personal trainer. I'm not trying to sell you on anything. I just don't want you to get hurt. I can see you're working on a goal and I don't want you to get set back."

"How do you know I'm working on a goal?"

"Well you come in here pretty much every day. I can see everyone from the personal training studio over there," he pointed to the right, "but no one can see me." He smiled as I understood that he could see through the glass on the other side.

"Oh. I've never seen you before so I just figured you're new."

"Nope. Just well hidden. I'm Connor by the way."

"Cody," I shook his hand.

"How about I show you how to deadlift?"

"You're sure you're not trying to sell me on anything?"

"I am not trying to sell you on personal training."

"Okay. Then some pointers would be awesome." He gave me a few pointers. I got to see those hips thrusting up close, which was just an added bonus.

"You give it a shot."

I set up to go, and went for my first rep. Fire spread through my entire lower body. "Holy f-" I started and he began laughing. 

"Amazing what happens when you're doing it right, eh? Just one thing."

Suddenly, he stepped behind me.

"You need to move more like this on the top." And just like that, I didn't have to imagine anymore what it was like being on the thrusting end of those hips.

"Thanks," I managed to say in a higher than normal pitch.

"Almost done for the day?"

"Yeah. I just have my hip thrusts left."

"Trying to tone your ass?" he laughed.

"The ladies love a guy with a toned ass," I laughed back.

"Well, you're doing great, Cody. Keep it up."

"Yes, sir," I said back. Why did I just call him 'sir'? For a split second, I saw something in those green eyes – a flame. But I blinked and it was gone.

"I've got a class to teach, so I gotta run. Nice to meet you," he said as he firmly grasped my shoulder with one hand and shook my hand with his other.

"Yeah, you too," but he was already walking away.

***

I went through the rest of my day as planned. Groceries, hair cut, personal grooming, and work. For the entire day, I could not get Connor out of my head. More specifically, how stupid I must have sounded to him.

For the rest of the week, I went to the gym every morning. Tuesday – nothing, Wednesday – nothing, Thursday – nothing, Friday – nothing. I was disappointed that I hadn't seen him since I was really looking. I went next door to grab a sandwich. Friday was cardio and full body, so I always rewarded myself after.

"A whole week of solid working out and you're going to give in now?" I heard from behind me.

I turned and was met with those beautiful green eyes. "I think I've earned it," I said back.

"I think if you want to reach your goal, you should cut out fatty foods." That hurt a little. I worked hard to get where I am and was still a little insecure.

"Well, I'm hungry so..."

"I hope I didn't offend you," noticing that I must have looked a little hurt. "I see this all the time. People ruin their good habits the moment they walk out the doors. You can still eat here – it's just a matter of what you eat. What are you eating?"

"Chicken sandwich."

"That's not bad. Chicken is high in protein. Let me give you some advice – aim for multigrain bread, grilled chicken, not breaded, and lots of veggies, very few sauces. You'll feel full after and feel good too. Like you didn't lose anything."

"I feel like I'm starving."

"Just try it. If you don't like it, the worst thing that could happen is that you had a healthy meal, and you can get your fried chicken next week."

"Alright – you're the boss." What is wrong with me.

I swear I saw that same fire in his eyes again, but a second look and it was gone. He smiled and said, "Damn straight. See you around, Cody."

"Bye, Connor."

I ate my grilled chicken sandwich. It wasn't that bad. And I hate to admit it, but I did feel better after knowing I didn't throw away a whole workout. Now that lunch was over, I had the whole day ahead of me – nor work for me. Unfortunately, all my friends sucked and were busy with their girlfriends tonight, so I was alone. I decided to go to the book store and grab a new book to read – it was going to be a night in anyway. I was walking through the aisles and settled on looking at the best sellers. I picked up a book that looked interesting and started reading the back.

"That book sounds more interesting than it is," I heard from behind me. I recognized the voice. I turned to meet those piercing eyes.

"You have never once approached me from the front – you're always behind me," I laughed.

"From my point of view, you always have your back turned to me," he laughed. "Friday night in?"

"What gave it away?"

"You're looking for literature. That's not something you'd be doing if you had plans to go out. Seems a shame to spend all week in the gym and not be able to go out on the weekend."

I laughed back, "Yeah. All the boys are with their girls tonight so I'm stuck alone."

"No girlfriend?"

"Nope."

"Boyfriend?" he laughed.

I blushed a little but turned away to hide it. "Nope." He gave me a nudge.

"I'm just messing around with you, Cody."

"What about you? You're in a bookstore. No plans for Friday?"

"I actually only stopped in because I saw you while I was passing by. But as it happens, no, I've got nothing to do tonight. Just gonna chill at home and watch a movie or something."

"Sounds boring."

"Very. You got anything more exciting in mind?"

"Well, anything is more exciting than that. But off the top of my head – bowling, archery tag, axe throwing, even going for a hike."

"Which one's your favourite?"

"Hiking. But my body's a little sore. I think bowling would be my go to," I laughed.

"Then let's go."

"Wait, what?" Is he asking me out?

"Neither of us are doing anything tonight. I could use a bigger social circle for when my friends are all unavailable. I feel like you're in the same boat. So are we gonna hang out? I really don't want to watch crappy movies at home."

"Uh..."

"Alright. Sounds like a plan. Give me your number so I can text you," he said handing me his phone. I went to unlock it.

"What's the passcode?"

"Don't have one. Nothing to hide." He smiled and tilted his head. I put my number in his phone. "I'll text you later. See you tonight, Cody."

"Yeah. See you, Connor." What the fuck just happened? Am I going on a date? Holy fuck I feel so stressed right now. My phone buzzed. The message said, " hey its connor :)" I saved his contact info in my phone and put the book down.

***

Around 7 my phone went off again – it was Connor. I gave him my address to come pick me up. He showed up at my apartment door about 10 minutes later – at least I assumed when I heard knocking. Why am I so nervous? I opened the door to those piercing green eyes. He was dressed in a black t-shirt and jeans. His hair was slightly messy like he just showered. His clothing fit him nicely and didn't leave much to the imagination.

"Ready?"

"You mind if we stay in tonight? My body is killing. I have beer and wings."

He laughed and started walking in, "Didn't we talk about breaded chicken?"

I laughed, "Yeah. But it's Friday night."

"Yeah, we can stay in. Much more fun to watch a bad movie with a friend."

Friend. Got it. "I don't have many options."

"You got a laptop and internet?"

"Yeah."

"We'll use my account."

"Oh okay," I said. He logged in and I saw some movies he'd watched recently.

"That is a lot of rom coms."

He half punched me, "Shut up. I'm a sucker for a happy ending."

"Doesn't everyone love a happy ending," I laughed. I looked at him and was met with fire in his eyes. I blinked expecting it to go away, but nothing this time. Just his green eyes piercing my soul. "Something bugging you man – you look-"

"Do you like me?"

I wasn't expecting that. Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck. "What?"

Without hesitation, "Do you like me?"

"I uh-"

"Because I like you. And I have been trying to figure out if you like me back and you're giving me nothing here. Sometimes I feel like you might be gay, and sometimes I think you're straight."

What the fuck is happening?

"Well?"

"I'm bi."

"That explains the mixed signals," he said with a sigh of relief. "But that wasn't my question."

"I sort of have a crush on you," I said looking into the ground and blushing like I did when he asked if I had a boyfriend.

"I knew you blushed when I asked if you had a boyfriend."

Damnit.

"So..."

"So, what?" I asked.

He turned and looked at me with those green eyes. I felt all of me relaxing into his gaze. He leaned in and kissed me. It felt like an eternity in those few seconds, until he pulled away, but kept his head against mine. Neither of us moved. He kissed me again, a lot harder and more forcefully this time. He shifted toward me on the couch and put his hand behind my head pulling my face to his. He stopped.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"Um," was all I could say.

"You're not moving. Is this okay?"

I used whatever muscle I had, "Yes."

He smiled, "Good." 

With that, he started kissing me again, but this time his hands were working their way to my stomach. I started to put my hands on his chest and move them down. His abs were so defined. I got my hands to his belt, and I started to unbuckle it. In that moment, his hands quickly grabbed my wrists and put them above my head. 

He stopped kissing me long enough to say, "I want to take my time. I've been waiting for this. Let's not rush." With that we were lying down on my couch with him on top of me. The kissing was getting more intense with less time to breathe in between. He had my hands above my head and I couldn't move them if I wanted to. He lifted his mouth from mine.

He got up and gestured toward the bedroom, "Shall we?" He extended his hand.

I took it and walked with him. "Wait."

"Everything okay?"

"Yeah, just...I want to clarify a few things."

"Shoot."

"Um, okay. I'm clean and need to know you are as well, I only play safe, and I'm not looking for anything too serious right now."

He walked me toward the bedroom as he said, "I'm glad you're clean because I was going to ask – I am too. I also only play safe. And I'm not looking for a relationship. Just a friend with benefits – someone that I can blow off a little steam with now and then."

"Why me?" I blurted before I could stop myself.

"What?" he stopped sounding confused.

"There are so many good looking people at the gym. Why me?"

He laughed, and pulled me toward the bedroom. "You shouldn't beat on yourself. You're very attractive."

"Oh. Thanks." I couldn't help but feel good. He closed he door behind us.

"Since you were so honest, I think I should be too."

What was that supposed to mean?

"I'm less conventional than most people when it comes to sex. In every day life, I'm just your normal guy. But in the bedroom, I take on a very dominant personality."

"Oh. That's cool. I'm mostly a bottom guy anyway."

"No – I don't think you understand. I'm not saying I'm just a top. I'm a dominant top, which means that the match for me is a submissive bottom."

"Okay..."

"Are you okay with that?"

"I'm not sure what 'that' is."

"It means that whatever I say goes. If you're uncomfortable, you say zebra – that's my safe word – and I'll cool it a little. But I'm in control while we're here."

"Oh...I've never done that before. I'm not sure-"

"Just give it a shot. It's a lot more fun than it sounds."

"Okay, I'll give it a try." And there it was – the fire in his eyes. And it finally made sense – 'Yes, sir', 'You're the boss', and 'happy ending' – he thought I was toying with him. He started to dim the lights. He turned to me.

"Take off your clothes. All of them."

"Okay, but-"

"No buts. And you respond with 'Yes, Sir.'"

I almost said but, but something in his eyes said not to test him. "Yes, Sir," I replied. I started to take off my clothes.

"Oh this is going to be fun," he said watching me strip slowly. When I finished, he hadn't moved. He just looked at me – I swear his eyes were getting more intense.

"Aren't you going-"

"No. Walk over here and get on your knees," he said. I wasn't too happy about being bossed around, but I listened. I said I'd give it a shot, but I had a feeling that this would be the first and last time we tried this. "Tonight will be a lot of fun for both of us," he said, "and if you listen to my instructions, you will find that this may be the best sex you've ever had."

"And if I don't?" I said with a little defiance.

I saw that fire in his eyes again as he leaned down to whisper in my ear, "Just remember – I always get off first. Maybe even a few times before you do. It's not a good idea to break rules for the guy who is in charge of getting you off – unless you don't want to."

"Oh, I definitely want to," I could already feel my cock growing, and my balls were already feeling full.

"Then you better be a good boy and listen. Otherwise you may not get to cum tonight."

"But-" I started to say but noticed how intense his eyes were getting and figured it was best to keep my mouth shut.

"Good boy," he said. He started to undo his belt and take off his pants. As he pulled his pants down – there was a noticeable bulge in his underwear. "Your mouth is hanging open. Can I assume you like what you see, boy?"

"Yes," I said. He leaned down, reached out and grabbed my balls and gave them a nice tug. I whimpered slightly. "Yes, what?"

"Yes, Sir," I said hoping he would release his death grip.

"Good boy," he said standing back up.

"Now suck," he said with a tone of command and pulling down his underwear. His cock was around six inches in length – and thick. "And don't even think about touching your cock while we play. While we're here, I own you, boy. I decide when you get to feel any pleasure."

I didn't know why, but whenever he called me 'boy', it sent chills through my body, and make my cock hard as a rock. I reached out to touch his cock, and he grabbed my wrist again. I looked up to meet his stare.

"I said suck, boy – not touch," he said. "If you can't control your hands, we'll have to tie them behind your back." I got the feeling I shouldn't test him.

"Yes, Sir."

I started to suck him. First, I just played with his cock a little bit. I licked up and down the shaft on the sides, the top, and the bottom. Finally, I took the head into my mouth and massaged it gently with my tongue. I heard him sigh a little, so I figured he was enjoying himself. I felt his hand on the back of my head sand he started to push a little. I started to take more of the shaft in my mouth. I worked the first few inches slowly going back and forth, picking up the pace, and then slowing down, massaging the entire length with my tongue each time. 
