 Vince

I woke up to the unfamiliar sensation of being curled up against a warm body in a strange bed. Looking over at the man next to me I smiled with the memory of last night. Strangely enough I didn't feel any remorse at what we had done. Quite the contrary. Once I had time to think about it I was sure that would change, but right then, in that moment, I felt a weight lifted that I had carried my entire life. I felt free.

Next to me Jack shifted slightly and gave an unconscious grunt of pain. I very carefully slid out of bed, smiling as he grumbled in his sleep and tried to hold onto me, and found some aspirin and a glass of water. The noise of the faucet running must have woken him because his eyes were open when I returned.

He looked at me, frowning blearily. "Hi."

I tensed. Was he going to be angry? Would he regret it? After all, he was oh-for-one when it came to this sort of post-sex situation. Come to think of it, did he even remember? Maybe he had hit his head harder than I thought. 

Well, in any case, at least he couldn't run away this time.

"Hi." I replied. "How do you feel?"

He laughed, and then cringed at the pain. "Like I got hit by a truck. But other than that, pretty fucking fantastic. You?"

I smiled back in relief at the absence of any imminent freak out. "Like I got well fucked."

"Good." He pulled himself into a sitting position, moving much more stiffly than last night. "God, I'll trade you." I handed him the water and aspirin. 

"Maybe next time." I half expected him to get cagey at the suggestion of another encounter, but he showed no surprise. "So," I asked, both relieved and scared at the implications, "not a one night thing then?"

"Hell no. I don't know about you, but I don't think I could do that just once." 

I simply nodded. "So, we're in this together?" I mirrored his words from last night.

"Sure are." 

I didn't ask yet what 'this' was, though I knew we would be discussing it soon. But for the first time in my life I felt right in my own skin, and I wasn't ready to let the feeling go.

Any 'moment' was quickly over when Jack asked, "So, granted you aren't exactly a master chef, but can you manage some eggs? I'm starving, but I can barely fucking move right now."

Actually, so was I. We had never gotten around to dinner last night. "As long as you don't mind scrambled."

I went to the kitchen, which was about ten feet from the foot of the bed in his tiny studio apartment, and got to work on breakfast. Meanwhile Jack spent five minutes just getting out of bed, splitting the time between stretching out his bruised limbs and following my every movement with a sexy smirk. I realized that we were both still naked. I just grinned to myself and let him watch. 

Eventually Jack limped over to the window while I cooked the four eggs I had found in his tiny under-counter fridge. Which, I noted, was nearly empty. "Snow plow's been through," he commented. He sat down at his laptop and checked the university's home page and his email. "And no cancellations. Looks like we're going to school. Lucky we only have afternoon classes, but we need to hurry if we're going to get there on time."

He sat down as I served the eggs. Which, I realized as I took the first bite, I had somehow rendered the texture of rubber. "Gleh!" he spat. "God, you weren't kidding about always ordering out." He covered his eggs with pepper. "No more cooking for you."

"Well, so much for the honeymoon phase, huh?"

"Seriously? If you expect me suddenly to be all sweet and cuddly just because I'm tapping your ass, you've got another thing coming."

I laughed and shook my head. No pretenses. That's what I loved about him.

I wore the same pants from last night but Jack lent me some underwear and socks, and a shirt that was only a size too small. I looked at the shirt and then back to Jack, but before I could open my mouth he read my mind.

"Don't worry, I never wear it to school. Nobody'll know it's mine." It was the first verbal acknowledgment of the reality of what we were doing, but was quickly forgotten.

We were pretty much ready to go, except Jack didn't have anything on over his tee shirt. I picked his coat off the ground where he had left it last night and grimaced. Covered in tears and blood stains, it had definitely lost the fight with the pavement. 

"You know," I offered, "I have a couple old coats at home that might fit you."

He gave me an odd look, then shrugged and pulled a hooded sweatshirt off his cinder-block and plywood shelf and pulled it over his head. "Nah, I'm good. I'll patch it this weekend."

The coat didn't look salvageable, but something about his tone told me not to argue.

We didn't have time to dig out both cars, so we took mine, knowing without saying so that I would be back that evening.



Jack

I went through the first part of the day in a haze, only partially caused by the bump on my head. My brain was ready to chew my ass out over last night. That I had let it happen in the first place was bad enough. But the kicker was that I had every intention of doing it again. I was sick and tired of running away from this thing between Vince and me, and after last night it would be torture to continue trying. I just wasn't going to do it anymore, no matter what it would cost me down the road. If that made me an idiot, then I was an idiot.

When it came time for Constitutional Law Vince sat next to me in the front row, as he frequently did before our falling out. I smiled to myself when he sat gingerly on the hard seat, wincing almost imperceptibly. My eye caught Julian's a few seats down. He had seen it too. And he definitely wasn't smiling. Shit.

Julian was waiting for me in the hallway after class.

"Hey Jack. How're you doing? You look pretty beat up."

I shrugged. "I'm really fine." I had been a broken record with that all day. Not saying so in a macho way, but this was nothing. Even after having been away from home for close to seven years I was still surprised how squeamish people were, even though I realized that it was my perception that was off, not theirs. 

"You really scared me you know," he continued. He actually looked like he hadn't gotten much sleep last night, which made me guilty.

"It was stupid. I should have watched where I was going. I'm really sorry for freaking you out man."

"Yeah, well..." He stood silently examining his shoes. He was working up to something. He pulled me away to a quiet corner, but still didn't say anything.

"So," he said at length.

"So," I repeated.

Another long pause. "So. You and Vince, huh?"

I sighed. I wouldn't insult Julian by denying it. 

He shook his head with a quiet curse. "I didn't even know he was... You do know he's getting married, right?"

"Yeah."

"You don't think that's going to change because of you, do you?"

"No." 

"Shit," he cursed, frustrated with my monosyllabic answers. "I never imagined you were the kind of guy to fall into that trap. I thought you had more self-respect than that."

I gave him a warning look, but he ignored me. "When you told me there was someone else... I wondered... I even tried to figure out who it was... but I never thought for a second that you meant Vince. I noticed you two were weird lately...but this... I mean, Vince fucking Tomlison?"

I cringed. I don't think I'd ever heard him use the word 'fuck' before. "What do you want me to say?"

"How about that you made a huge mistake. That you're not going to see him anymore and get on with your life."

"Sorry." It was lame, but what else could I say?

He gave an exasperated sigh. "Life isn't a John Lennon song Jack. You do need more than love."

I bit back a laugh. "That's good."

He couldn't help but smile back. He was so fucking adorable. But his face immediately darkened again. "God damn it. It isn't a joke."

"A joke? Do I look like I think this is funny? Do I strike you as someone with his head in the clouds? I know what I'm getting into here." 

"But he's so bad for you." The fight was going out of his voice.

"You won't tell anyone, will you?"

"Of course not." He paused. "You know, unless you want me to. You must really be crazy about him, and you'd have a real shot at him if he were outed. And he couldn't blame you because I figured it out on my own." He was half joking, but I knew he would do it if I asked him. But it didn't matter because I would never betray Vince like that.

I shook my head.

He shuffled a little, and tried to smile. He was so damned sweet. Why couldn't I still want him instead of Vince? "It just... really sucks, losing out to a guy who's going to treat you like a dirty secret, you know? Neither of us deserve that."

"He wouldn't..." I realized that arguing was counterproductive, so I stopped myself. "I'm so sorry, Julian. I wish you weren't involved. You've been such a good friend. And you're right, you don't deserve this. I really wish things had been different. But I think I've got to play this out. I think he's worth it."

Julian frowned but nodded. "I hope so, I really do. But if he isn't..." He squeezed my hand, then walked away. I paused to once more reflect on the totally absurdity of me turning Julian down. That had to be a rough blow to the guy's ego. I wished him better luck next time, putting any thoughts of what could have been out of my head.



Vince

I watched Jack and Julian find a quiet place to talk with the uneasy feeling that someone else was in on my little secret. Jack returned a few minutes later, silent except to insist that nothing was wrong. On the car ride back to his place he related the conversation. I wasn't thrilled, but I knew Julian wouldn't say anything. We were friends (or had been - I doubt I was high up on his list of favorite people right now), and even though he had every reason to want to hurt me, it simply wasn't in his nature. 

On another topic, I was pleased that, in spite of this morning's teasing, I had managed to keep my mind on my work today. If anything, I was more focused than I had been in more than a month now that the restless tension that had been driving me up the wall was gone. Only now that Jack and I were alone together in my car did I allow any impure thoughts to take hold, but once I did they quickly gained the upper hand. I had gone months before without having sex with minimal effect, but right now, the fifteen hours since we had been together were weighing on me like I couldn't believe. 

The moment we got back to his apartment I attacked him, pushing him up against the wall, stifling his objection with my mouth, sliding my hands under his shirt, seeking that warm, electric contact of skin on skin. I pulled a stunned Jack the few feet to the bed, then pushed him into a sitting position. I was a little bit crazy with the knowledge that all the things I never let myself think about, all those half-formed fantasies that came unbidden in the moments before release, were all now at my fingertips. 

"Let me get you off," I murmured in his ear, grinding myself against him. "I want to get you off."

"Mfgh..." 

I paused. "What?"

He put a hand over his mouth and laughed. "Shit, you actually made me forget how to talk for a second."

"Thanks." I was already yanking off his pants and shorts. "I want to suck you off."

Not allowing him to recover from my onslaught I pulled off his shirt a little too roughly (I kept forgetting the bruises) and then mine. I just managed to get the slightly too tight tee shirt Jack had lent me untangled from my head before I grabbed his cock and swallowed it to the root, at the same time fishing my own out of my pants and beginning to stroke it. 

Deep throating him was easier this time. I honestly hadn't given very many blow jobs before, but from the beginning I seemed to be some sort of natural at it. A sort of cocksucking prodigy I guess. It was something that deep down I was proud of, despite the environment I was raised in telling me I should be ashamed of myself. But when I heard Jack's pleasured noises, the grunts and whimpers, the way his fingers wrapped in my hair and his body jerked under my touch, I knew that there was nothing in the world wrong with what I was doing to him. 

Still, there was no possible way he wanted this more than I did. Ever since he had freaked out at my apartment and rebuffed my attempt to return the blow job he had given me it had become sort of an obsession. And now I couldn't get enough. 

Very soon I felt his body stiffen, and any thought I may have had about drawing this out disappeared in my overwhelming desire to taste him again. I took him all the way in and gulped around the head lodged in my throat, and moments later he gave a muffled, inarticulate scream and started filling my mouth. God, I could get used to this. I was so turned on that I felt my own body on the precipice. Sensing this Jack yanked me onto the bed in a kneeling position, taking me into his mouth. I didn't last more than a couple bobs of his head. When I came I jerked my hips unintentionally, making him pull away and causing my spurting dick to slide out of his mouth and shoot a stream across his cheek. He grabbed the base and sucked me again, his hand keeping me from going too deep this time, drawing out my orgasm until I collapsed half way on top of him in a trembling pile. He jabbed me on the side, making me roll off of him, then lay next to me on the bed, gripping my hand in his. 

I looked at Jack, flat on his back, his chest heaving, eyes staring unfocused at the ceiling, streaks of my cum still painted across his face. He really was beautiful. I don't know how I didn't see it before. I crawled up his body to look at him better, etching the image into my memory before gently licking him clean.

I placed a gentle kiss on his lips, and Jack surprised me by grabbing my head and forcing his tongue into my mouth, stealing what I had just licked off. "Hey," I laughed poking him in the side. "That was mine."

"Oh yeah? Come here and get it then." And I tried my best. Long afterwards I was still half way on top of him, kissing him deeply and starting to get hard again. This time I was in no rush, just lost myself in the surprisingly intense pleasure of our lips pressed together, our tongues slowly stroking, penetrating to explore his mouth and then mine. Just this, right now, was more satisfying than any sex I had ever had before. He lightly bit my lip and I gasped, my cock suddenly jumping to full erection.

"Hmm," he said, "that's good to know." I was only just beginning to learn how sensitive my mouth was. 

"You know," he said, smiling and stretching his lean body, "for a guy who hasn't kissed much you're pretty damned good at it."

"I never kissed anyone before you."

His smile faded. "I was your first kiss?"

I nodded. "My first real one anyway."

"Oh. Sorry."

With the other guys I picked up it was always get in, get off, get out. I thought it would be better that way, to not know. I guess I was going to find out if I was right.

We showered together again, touching a lot but both still mellow and in no rush to take things further for the moment, then decided to hit the books before round two sapped our remaining energy.

While we got our materials spread out, or as spread out as we could get in the tiny space, a worrying thought occurred to me. "Jack?"

"Hmm?"

"Do you think I should quit the Con Law study group?" 

"What, because of Julian?"

"Yeah." My classwork always took first priority, but I really didn't want to rub salt in the poor guy's wounds.

"Julian isn't exactly the spiteful type. Hell, if anyone should be avoiding him it's me. Besides, can you really afford to quit?"

I sighed. "No. Not really." 

"Just steer clear of him for a while. You can get help from Lisa, she owes us for fixing her car."

"If you say so." I didn't want to put more of a guilt trip on Jack, so I didn't point out the seemingly obvious fact that what Julian was feeling looked a lot more like heartbreak than spite. 

By seven o'clock I was, miracle of miracles, completely caught up on Evidence and Remedies. I closed my books with a rare sense of accomplishment. Jack noticed and gave me a pointed look across the flimsy card table that served as his dining room. 

"So what do you want to do now? We have time for a movie." Under the table his socked foot crept up my ankle to my inner thigh. "What're you in the mood for?" In answer I stripped naked in a matter of five seconds then jumped onto the bed, waiting for him with a raised eyebrow.

"So, no movie then?" he laughed.

"What do you think?"

He joined me on the bed and I commenced undressing him, more careful of his bruises this time.

He traced a rough hand down the center of my chest, making me shiver. "We didn't get into it much yesterday, but, what all have you done?"

"Blowjobs, fucking, getting fucked... But honestly, I don't know what all's out there. I didn't really talk to the guys I fucked, and I never did any research. I figured I didn't need to know." Well, that was clearly over with.

"Ever been rimmed?"

"What's that?"

Jack laughed. "Ever had your ass licked?"

"Wow, I've never even thought of that." But now that I did... "Sounds hot."

"You didn't even blush. Good for you."

"You'll have to do a lot better than that. I haven't met a part of a man's body I didn't like. I'm not embarrassed about it."

"Hot damn Vince. You are something else." 

I was eager to act on this new information, but strongly suspected that things would get pretty hot and heavy from there, and I was in an exploratory mood. So, like last night, Jack held still and let me have the run of his body. And like last night, I was drawn to all the little imperfections. It didn't take a close inspection to see that he had a lot of scars. Small ones on his face, one not so small one on his scalp above his right ear. A really ugly one partially obscured by the hair on his right forearm. Also, at least five of his ribs, one on the left, four on the right, had bumps in them like they had been broken. When he stretched his slender body out I could even see a couple of the uneven spots pressed up against his skin. 

It didn't surprise me that he had been a little wild. Still a little wild, I thought, examining the bruises and scrapes covering his body. Chasing someone into traffic wasn't exactly a normal reaction to the situation. I kind of wondered what he was planning to do if he caught the guy. Probably lucky it hadn't come to that. He was so much different from the buttoned up crowd I was used to. He was so far from perfect, but everything about him was genuine. He was better than perfect. He was real.

And right now he was mine.

But he wasn't going to wait forever. I gave a surprised yelp as he flipped me off of him then just as quickly pinned me on my stomach. I liked the fact he could manhandle me despite being considerably smaller. 

"Wacha doin'?" I said over my shoulder.

"Something I should have done yesterday." 

He licked behind my ear, making me shiver, then slid down my body. He traced his hands along the contours of my back as he went, along my obliques and down my spine. For a moment he was straddling my hips, his hands braced on my upper arms. Even though he was considerably smaller than me, right then he had me completely pinned. I had a sudden flash of how hot it would be for him to fuck me like this. I had never been with another man that I knew or trusted enough that I would even consider giving him that much control. I grinned over my shoulder and wiggled my ass. I felt his cock twitch from where it was nestled between my cheeks. 

"There's a thought," he said before he moved down farther, "Maybe later." I felt his hands on my ass, spreading it open, his face nuzzled into my crack. My heart rate picked up. His finger swiped over my hole and I screamed a curse into the pillow. "Damn, you are sensitive aren't you?"
