 I woke up, and my mood was like the day. Sticky and hot. I had to find some fun today, it go crazy. 

I picked up my tablet, and opened my favorite app. Scanning through the profiles there, one caught my eye. 

He was a young guy. That wasn't what caught my eye; in this case I actually knew him. He'd grown up with my daughter way back when. I had to say something to him, so I complemented him on his picture on the profile, and asked him if he ever ran into someone he knew. 

He said he hadn't, but asked me if I knew him. I told him it was possible, and that got him hooked. 

Immediately he started wondering who I was. I wasn't going to tell him though, that is until I was sure we were going to meet. 

We messaged back and forth for hours, teasing each other until finally he asked to meet me. I agreed, and we decided on a time and place. 

When I pulled in next to his car, the look on face was priceless. 

"Oh my God. You're Connie's Dad?"

"Guilty!"

"Oh wow, I've been to your house."

He had, and I figured then he deserved to know a little more. 

"I know. You remember the last time you were there? We were sitting in the living room talking?"

"Yeah I do."

"Would you be surprised to find out that while we were sitting there like that, all I could think of was sucking your cock?"

"It would, but actually that's kind of hot!"

"Glad you like it, because that's exactly what I want today; a mouthful of cum."

"Let's go then."

I walked behind him through a nice little wooded area. There wasn't anyone else out there, which I was grateful for. Finally, when he reached a clearing, he stopped. 

"How about here?"

"It's perfect."

I unzipped my pants, and he pulled his shorts down, exposing his cock and balls. He was only a step away then. I took that step, then I took his fat cock in my hand. 

His hand slid into my pants, and he found out I was hard and ready too. We stood there chest to chest, stroking each other. I could feel that bad boy getting harder and longer, and quite honestly I didn't want to wait anymore. 

Sitting down on the ground in front of him put me at the perfect level. All I had to do was open my mouth, and he slid right in. 

That fat cock stuffed my mouth full, and I loved the senation of that hard shaft exploring my mouth. I took all of him, until my nose was pressed against his belly. 

His hips started flexing then, gently fucking my wet mouth. I focused completely on his cock plundering my mouth. I could taste his pre cum coating my tongue. I wanted more, and my head started bobbing up and down his length faster as I swallowed. 

His balls were bouncing off my chin when i felt him tense. I knew he was close and I was ready. 

A few thrusts later, he exploded in my mouth. He flooded it with tangy sticky hot cum. I swallowed as fast as I could, taking it right down. Finally he stopped pulsing in my mouth, and I let him pop out. 

"Damn, that was better than I thought. You've done that before."

Licking my lips I said, "Yes I have. Although it's unusual for me. I'm usually on the receiving end."

"What do you mean?"

"I'm usually very Dom. So I'm usually the one getting sucked. Every now and then though I just want a mouthful. And that was today."

"Well I'm glad you did. So you're a Dom? I'm usually a bottom."

"Nice." An idea hit me then. "Tell me something. Have you ever been fucked?"

"Oh yeah. I love it!"

Bingo!

"I've got a friend, actually she's what I'd call a plaything. She told me one night she'd love to see me fuck a guy. You up for that?"

"Let's do it. I love showing off too. If she wants to join in, all the better!"

So we made the short drove across town, to Sandy's place. Since we weren't expected, I went to the door alone. 

She answered the door wearing her usual t-shirt and yoga pants. I loved that outfit on her. The yoga pants were so old they were see through, and as usual she was braless. It was always cold in her world, or so it seemed. I don't ever remember not seeing hard nipples greeting me. 

I told her what was up, and asked her if she was ready to see her fantasy fulfilled. She knew exactly what I was talking about, and it had her excited. 

"Oh God yes! You're going to fuck his ass?"

"Right in front of you. Yes I am."

"Bring him in, and let's do it!"

"Ok. You know me; there's one catch to this."

"And what's that?"

"You've got to be naked, and you're going to get me ready for him."

"I had the feeling that might be it. Sure, I'll do it."

I went back to the car, and retrieved my new buddy. We walked into Sandy's house, where we found her sitting on the couch already. We chatted for a few minutes, and of course I introduced them. Then it was time for the games to begin. 

"Ok Sandy. You know the drill."

She did, and standing up, she stripped of her shirt and wriggled out of her yoga pants. She looked great, and I could see my friend approved. His shorts were tight over his cock. 

Sandy sat then, and I walked over to her. My words were for my new friend though. 

"You remember Dom side I told you about? Here's how that works."

I reached for her, and wrapped my hands in her long blonde hair When her head tilted back, I unzipped, freeing my cock. 

"Suck my cock slut!"

She opened her mouth obediently, and I plunged right in. We'd been working on training her throat for some time, and it showed. It must have been the excitement of what was coming convinced with her training, because she swallowed my cock completely on the third stroke. I started fucking her mouth then, driving deep with each hard stroke. As usual, she loved being used. I saw her hand cup her tits and pinch the nipples while I used her mouth. 

I looked over at my buddy, and he was already stroking that cock I'd swallowed not too long before. I motioned him over then. 

"Come help her. Two mouths are always better than one."

He obeyed, and when his tongue started in on my balls, I knew this was going to be good. 

Sandy watched him out of the corner of her eye. I knew she'd seen a guy suck a guy before, but she knew it was only foreplay too. She slid my cock out of her mouth, and pointed it toward his face. He never hesitated, sucking me right in. Her lips and tongue teased my shaft and balls as he took me deep again and again. 

Finally it was either time to fill their combined mouths, or to proceed to the main event. She'd been a good faithful slut, so I decided to fulfill her fantasy. 

I pulled out of his mouth, I bent him over the arm of the couch then and turned to Sandy. 

"Get the lube."

She ran into the next room, reappearing with a bottle of lube and her vibrator. 

"Now slut. Lube up my cock, and his ass. Then sit back and enjoy."

She did just that with a gleam in her eye. When she was finished, she sat back in the chair, spreading her legs wide. I stepped up behind my friend, and it began. 

I watched Sandy as my cock slid into his ass for the first time. Her eyes were wide, and her toy plunged into her soaking pussy at exactly the same time. I bottomed out in his ass, and began fucking him much to Sandy's enjoyment. I hammered his ass, and she did the same to that hot pussy. 

His hips were slamming back against mine, and before I filled him with cum, I slowed down. I motioned to Sandy then. 

"Get over here, and lay down underneath him. I've got a treat for you."

She was there in a flash, watching the action close up now. I pumped his tight ass hard and fast again, until I felt it. It was time to cum. 

The first shot went deep inside him, and i felt him shake. After that I pulled out, and the second went on Sandy's face. She felt it, and opened her mouth. I couldn't ignore that inviting target, and after shooting a few more shots, I slid my cock into her mouth. 

She went ass to mouth without complaint at all, sucking me dry and cleaning me off. Then with a smile, she leaned up and started sucking his cock. 

I moved to the chair to watch then, and as he buried his cock in her pussy, I knew this was not only going to be an interesting day, but the future would be more than fun.