 I hardly slept that night after receiving the email demanding that I show up to a hotel and actually strip down and be ready to do as I'm told. I had never been in this position before. Who did this person think they were? I was an alpha male and I was always in charge! But on the other hand, I couldn't risk losing my job, not to mention the shame of losing it because I was looking at pictures and GIFs of hot cocks. I decided that I'd show up but if things got out of hand I would simply push this person off and get out of there. I am well over six feet tall and I work out regularly. I could handle myself in most any situation. So while I was nervous and in the dark about what was going on, there was a tinge of excitement. I got up early, since I couldn't sleep anyway, and took a long shower to try to shake away the cobwebs. As usual, I shaved my low hanging balls and then lifted my leg up and cleaned my ass until it was hairless and super clean. I had to admit that doing that made me semi hard with excitement.

Then I heard my phone ding. I had received another email from the person. It simply read "be clean, be on time and be ready to serve my dick." Things got very real quickly. I had never seen another man's dick up close, much less touched one or "served" one. My toy had been so much fun over the past few months and I could not deny that I was curious to how a real dick felt. I waited around for a bit, then threw on some jeans and a tee shirt and flip flops. I wanted to be able to get into my clothes quickly if I had to. I then nervously got in my car and headed to the hotel. My mind was swirling. What was in store? Would I be safe? Would I feel a cock for the first time?

As I approached the hotel as instructed, I almost turned around. Then again, I heard my phone ding. There was the final email. It simply said "304". I did a lap around the building and parked strategically so that I could not be seen from the main road and could make a getaway if I had to. I then began to make my way to the room. Incredibly, my nervousness began to shift to excitement. Was this really going to happen.

I found the door and it was held open by the swing lock. I pushed it open and then closed it behind me. The room was well kept and there was no sign that anyone else was there except there was a light on in the bathroom, the shower was running and there were some items on the bed. I walked closer to the bed and found a note that said "strip now, put these on, and get on your knees". Under the note was a sleeping style blindfold and some lacy panties. I had never thought about wearing panties before but I suddenly got very excited as I thought about my hairless, nice ass would look in these. I stripped out of my clothes and piled them beside the door. I then stepped into the panties. As I pulled them up my cock twitched. I snuck a look at my ass in them and was quite impressed. Then my excitement turned more toward nervousness as I pulled the blindfold on and took position on my knees. I kept telling myself that I had to do this just to keep my job. 

I heard him cross the room and could feel him close to my body. I could tell he was inspecting me and I found myself hoping he would like what he saw. Through the nervousness of the situation, I suddenly wanted to please him. He then spoke and told me to lean forward until my face and shoulders were against the ground and to point my ass high. I did as I was told and actually loved the feeling of having my hot, panty covered ass exposed for another man. I sensed him moving and then suddenly I felt a very light rub across my hole through the fabric of the lacy panties. His finger lingered a bit and he lightly teased my hole for a few seconds. Then, just as abruptly, I felt a stinging slap across my ass cheeks. A whimper escaped my mouth and he told me to take it like a good slut. He then proceeded to give a few more to each ass cheek which elicited a moan from my mouth. 

He finally stopped slapping my ass and told me to sit back up. He asked me if I had ever touched another man's cock. I answered that I had not. He then said that from having access to my internet search history it was clear that I wanted to. He then asked me to tell him how badly I wanted to feel a cock. I told him that I had thought about it some. He laughed and said "I think you are a true slut for cock and you are dying to feel one." I didn't respond but then he asked if I wanted to right now. I responded with a simple yes. He told me that didn't sound too sincere and told me I would have to beg for it if I wanted to feel his cock. I then found myself saying "please let me feel your cock". It was as if I was having an out of body experience. He asked for more begging so I eagerly responded, "Please, Please let me feel your cock, I am dying to feel it and please it, I want to be a slut for your cock!" I figured if I was in this position I might as well take advantage and fulfill this fantasy. As I said this, all my inhibitions disappeared and all I wanted to do was service his cock.

He laughed softly, as if he knew how I would respond, and told me to reach up and find his cock and stroke it lightly. This was it, I was finally going to feel another man's cock. I reached up and grazed his thigh with my elbow so that I could gauge where his cock was, and then finally, I had my hand against a real dick. It felt incredible. I immediately began to stroke it and feel its softness. I noticed that it was a pretty good size but what really got me was the mushroom head. It was huge! I trace my fingers around the head and across the hole and then let my hand run down the shaft. I was in heaven. I could have stroked this hot dick for hours. Then suddenly he pulled away. He then asked me if I liked his dick. I responded that I really liked it. He then told me that he was going to fuck my face and ass as much and as hard as he wanted and that I was to take everything he gave. I guess to put me at ease, he then informed me that he took his health very seriously and was free of any diseases or drugs so I could relax and be the cock whore I always wanted to be. 

He then stepped closer and I felt that incredible cock head touch my lips. I instinctively opened my mouth to take it in but then he slapped my face with his cock and told me to wait until he was ready to feed me and calling me a hungry slut. He then proceeded to rub his cock all over my mouth and face. It felt so good and I wanted it badly. He then told me to open my mouth which I did, as wide as I could. I felt the tip of his cock rub inside my lips, just barely in my mouth, but he wouldn't feed it to me yet. He then pulled back and asked me what I wanted. I told him I wanted his cock deep in my mouth and throat. He laughed and then said, "In due time". With that I felt my mouth being filled up with his shaved balls. He had stepped closer and placed them in my open, begging mouth. I moaned with pleasure and began to lick and suck his balls like I had watch hundreds of porn stars do on film. I loved the feel of sucking his balls and began to moan loudly. My dick was getting rock hard and was straining against my panties. I reached up and stroked his cock which, thankfully, he let me continue to do. I was now his. I wanted it all, whatever he had in store.

He then withdrew his balls and ordered me to open my mouth. I did as I was told and then felt the wonderful feeling of that bulbous cock head rubbing against my lips. He then asked me if I was ready. I couldn't say "yes" fast enough. He then said no matter what happens, I had to take what he gave. I eagerly agreed as I was dying to taste that wonderful dick. Then I felt him grab my head and with one long, slow push he worked his cock into my mouth and down my throat. I had sucked the dildo a lot but I wondered if I could deepthroat a real dick. Now, here I was with a gorgeous cock deep down my throat. I felt my eyes water a bit and I began to gag. I felt him move and I assumed that he was going to back away a bit for me to recover, but I was very mistaken. Instead, he moved his right leg closer to me and pushed his cock harder against my face. His incredible balls mashed tightly against my chin, which was not covered in my saliva from gagging. He then gripped my head tightly and pumped many short, hard pumps. I had seen this done to porn sluts before and now here I was taking a face fucking just like them. The action caused me to begin to lose oxygen and I started gagging more forcefully. He pulled his hot cock from my throat and laughed as I gasped for air. As I was catching my breath he rubbed his slick cock all over my face. As soon as I had air, I automatically began to search for his cock head with my mouth. He commented on how cock hungry I had become in only a few minutes. I couldn't agree more!

At this point, I was open to anything. I felt him withdraw and then heard him reach for something. He returned and simply said "open". I couldn't open my mouth fast enough in order to get that dick again. He filled up my mouth with his mushroom head and began face fucking me again. He then pushed deep in my throat and bent over my head. I then felt a cooling sensation across the top of my ass and realized he was pouring something all over my smooth cheeks. Then, with his cock still buried deep in my mouth, he began to rub oil all over my smooth ass with the panties still on. Soon, my ass was covered and felt slick. He pulled his cock from my mouth and roughly pushed me forward so my chest was against the floor. He then grabbed the panties and pulled them hard up into my ass to expose my glistening cheeks. Yet more oil was applied and he then slapped my ass hard with both hands numerous times. 

Then, it finally happened. I felt a light touching all over my hungry, spread hole. I had never had another person touch my ass before and I was already about to go crazy. A loud moan escaped my mouth even though it was crammed with his cock. He then told me that if I wanted penetration I would have to moan loudly while sucking his cock. I moaned as loud as I possibly could. I didn't care if everyone in the hotel heard my cock hungry noises, I wanted to be penetrated. He certainly obliged. He rubbed his oiled middle finger all over my puckered hole and then suddenly pushed it in, as far as it would go in one push. There was a touch of pain and a bit of surprise, but more than that there was pleasure like I had never known. I was finally taking something other than a toy in my ass. Soon, he was finger fucking me hard and fast. I tried to pull my mouth off his cock to concentrate on the anal stimulation, but he pushed my head down hard on his cock and slapped my ass. "You are not to take my cock out of your mouth until it is about to go in your slutty ass". 

He removed his finger and I felt a desire to be filled again as soon as possible. More oil was applied to my smooth, glistening red ass, especially my hungry hole. He then commented that it was very clear that my ass had been opened before. He asked me if I had used a dildo before and I moaned in response. He then informed me that we were going to skip the warm up and move on to some real penetration. I felt a few of his fingers rub and smack my waiting hole and then he I felt my ass be spread wide open as he plunged multiple fingers inside. I was chocking on his cock and was not taking multiple fingers. He withdrew them and grabbed my head and face fucked me for a bit as he commented that my ass was starting to gape the way he wanted. I had a feeling of pride over the performance of my ass. Was I becoming a bottom cock slut? Then he reached over and put a finger from each hand in my waiting ass and pulled them apart. I had seen this in porn and could not believe that my ass was on the receiving end while I was swallowing a gorgeous cock. 

He finally stopped and then pulled his cock out of my mouth. He grabbed my hair and pulled me up. As I stood he then pushed me backward and I fell on a bed. Just as my back hit the mattress he had a hold of my ankles and he spread them and pushed them high. I could feel my ass spread and my hole be exposed, and I loved it. He pushed that incredible bulbous head against my hole and lightly pushed. My ass began to give way but was still too tight to accept that huge mushroom head. I squirmed trying to get his cock inside me but he just kept teasing my slut hole. He ordered me to hold my legs up and spread them as far as I could. I did as I was told. I then felt a little nozzle enter my ass and was soon taking oil inside my hungry ass. He pulled it out slowly and let some run all over my hole. Then I finally felt his cock again. He pushed that fat head against my ass and asked if I was ready. I replied with "yes, please fuck my ass, I want your cock deep inside me!". He certainly granted my wish. He shoved his cock deep and hard into my hole. There was no concern for my comfort, he was simply using my ass. Without waiting for me to get used to the feeling, he began fucking me furiously with his hot cock. He would pull his dick out until just that giant head was being held by my ass and then slam it back, slapping his balls against me. I was taking it as much as I could and I love being fucked. 

Suddenly I felt his cock pull out and he pushed in two fingers from each hand and spread my hole again. He made a comment that I was gaping like a true ass slut. He then flipped me over and told me to present his ass for him while I was on all fours. I positioned my ass as high and as spread as I could. I was such a whore at this point. Thankfully he didn't waste any time. He mounted me from behind and began fucking me hard again. He grabbed my hips and worked his cock like a piston until he was about to cum. He pulled out leaving me gaping. He ordered me to reach back and spread my cheeks. As I spread for him I felt his tongue lightly trace my sphincter, then slip inside me. He tongue fucked my gaping ass for a bit and I moaned loving every minute of it. I was then ordered on my back again. As I thought I was going to be spread and fucked with my legs up, and was preparing, I felt him straddle my chest and he immediately shoved his cock in my mouth. He leaned forward and face fucked me until again, he was about to cum. Then then climbed off and ordered me to stand.

I stood beside the bed and he guided me by my, now rock hard, cock. I heard the drapes opening and he pushed me against the window. I had no idea what the window was open to but at this point I didn't care. He pushed my shoulders together and worked his glorious cock back into my ass. I arched my back and took his dick as well as I could. His cock pounded me relentlessly and he moaned that he was going to cum. He grabbed my hips and shoved deep inside me. I felt his cock twitch three times and then he pulled it out. As he pulled it out he covered my gaping, abused hole with a few shots of his hot cum. Finally he finished shooting. He then worked his huge head all over my hole, covering it with cum. He then slowly pushed his cock back inside me, making sure that all his cum was deep inside my ass. 

He then pulled out and told me to get dressed and leave. He said that I was now his ass slut and he will send instructions for me to comply with next week. He also informed me that the meetings would increase in intensity and that I was to do as told.  

I heard the bathroom door close and I removed my blindfold. My ass was oily and red and had begun to leak cum onto my legs. The window was still open and overlooked traffic passing by on the interstate. They were oblivious to the ass fucking I had just endured. I never saw my top and had no idea what was in store for the future. Instead of being scared, I was excited and ready to take the next step. I quickly put on my clothes and struggled to walk to my car. I drove home and stroked my dick until I came harder than I ever had. I had finally become an ass fucked slut.