 My boyfriend Nick came back from the bathroom building in the park looking stressed out. "It's closed. And locked. In the middle of the summer! Why would they do that?"

"Uh-oh," I said, though an odd tingle of excitement had come alive between my legs. "I need to piss too." We'd shared a pitcher of beer with our lunch earlier, at the restaurant we'd walked here from, along with lots of water since it was a warm day. 

"I have to pee *so bad*." His thighs pressed together, in the traditional dance of desperation, then he flopped down to sit beside me on the grass.

"Well, we can start walking home." Our apartment was a half-hour's walk away, through busy city streets. Watching him squirm with the need to piss the whole way wouldn't be too bad, even with my own bladder filling up. Especially with my own bladder filling up. "Maybe we'll find a bathroom on the way?"

But he just looked around, distracted and tense. "I don't know. I'm telling you, I cannot fucking wait, I'm about to flood my shorts."

I swallowed, getting seriously turned on by that mental image. "What if...okay, maybe if we find a bush, and I stand guard?" Because watching him piss outside would also be a new and delightful experience for me. In fact, watching him piss at all would be new for me. Nick was a tad pee-shy. We'd been living together a month, dating for half a year, and still he'd never peed in my presence. No wonder it turned me on: something new and forbidden.

He grimaced. "A guy standing up close to a bush with his hands at his crotch—everyone knows what he's doing. Cops patrol here all the time looking for indecent exposure and slapping tickets on people. I'm not going to pay however many hundred dollars just because I needed to pee."

"So, what, you're just going to wet your pants?" Admittedly, I was finding that idea weirdly hot too. Lots of alluring possibilities today.

"I...oh!" He sort of yelped the last word, twitched, and looked down at his crotch, where his hand was darting as if to stop something. I looked too. A dark stain was spreading there, quarter-sized. "Shit," he said, sounding utterly desperate.

My mouth had gone dry with lust. I could hardly tear my gaze from the slowly spreading spot on the dark blue front of his shorts. "Are you..."

"I managed to stop." He looked like he was struggling to retain bladder control; he was twitching where he sat. "But...shit. God, I have to go so bad. I cannot hold it, I seriously cannot."

I glanced around quickly. We were in the middle of an expanse of grass. No one nearby for a long way, just people strolling or playing Frisbee way off in other sections of the park. I scooted in front of him, set up my knees, and parted them. "Here, quick, sit like this."

"What?"

"Then get your dick out the leg of your shorts, and pee into the grass. No one'll see. It'll look like you're just sitting here, talking to me."

He smiled, though still looked almost panicked, so helplessly in need of taking a massive leak. "You'll see." 

"Well, here." I surreptitiously tugged my dick out, its tip emerging from down one leg of my shorts, then dangled my hand on my knees in casual fashion. "I'll take a piss too. I need to anyway." 

I'd rarely done this in front of him either, simply because it usually seemed to make him shy; he'd slip out the bathroom whenever I wandered in and starting peeing, as if to give me privacy, though I'd never really cared.

Still, surely it would help him today. So I coaxed my bladder to let go, bit my lip, and soon got rewarded with hot relief. Piss leaked out of me, spraying the side of my leg but mostly pattering silently into the grass. "Uhh," I sighed in pleasure, as my flow increased in strength until I was peeing a torrent onto the soft grass.

Nick stared riveted at the stream shooting from the head of my cock, then mumbled, "Shit, I have to—" and hastily fumbled his cock out the leg of his shorts. 

He was a second too late—he was already starting to piss, and it soaked a line down the leg of his shorts. But they were nylon and dark; they'd dry fast and it would hardly show. He freed the tip of his cock, which was starting to thicken with an erection, and was shining wet with pee—good God, that looked hot. Then the true flood started. He let his shoulders sag in utmost relief as piss jetted out of him, shooting so far it almost touched me. 

"Ohhh," he breathed, letting his thighs fall farther open, "oh God, yes."

"Feels good? Mm, me too." I lifted my groin, pushing out my last trickle of piss, but I left my cock in view for him. It stuck out farther down my thigh now; not surprising, considering I'd developed a massive boner.

"So good, oh my God, it feels good." He just kept pissing and pissing, with total abandon, sometimes closing his eyes, sometimes glancing in a cautious but pleasure-drugged way around us. No danger; no one was anywhere near. "Shit, I should drink tons of water and then come sit around in the park more often. God, this feels so good. Good and naughty." He laughed in self-consciousness. "How can I *still* be pissing?"

I gazed shamelessly at his nearly-totally-hard dick, and the steady stream of piss pouring from it. We'd made a lake in the grass between us; the soil had only soaked up some of it. I could smell the warm, salty, intimate scent of it, and it turned me on even more. I lowered my hand and rubbed my fingers around the throbbing head of my cock, and bit my lip. "Mm, I love watching you. We really should do it more often."

"It was kinda hot watching you, too." He smiled, relief making him look far more relaxed now, even though he was still peeing. His stream began dwindling at last, and we both gazed at it until it trickled to nothing.

"Aw, no more for me?" I said, still caressing my boner.

"I bet I could—mm—there..." He opened his legs and pushed his hips up, and produced a thin arc of pee that soared almost as high as his knees before dying away. "Ahhh. God, that felt amazing."

"I need to come," I told him in an urgent undertone, palming my whole cock as subtly as I could, here in public, dear God. "Now. I can't wait."

He licked his lips, staring at my crotch. "Well then. No one'll see..." He smiled as he echoed my words from a minute ago. His hand slipped down to stroke his exposed dick, which had grown to a full, flushed hard-on.

I gripped myself tight, squeezed, gave a few thrusts of my hips, and came with a spasm. Come dripped into the piss-wet grass. I gasped for breath, trying to look normal just in case any of those nice people far across the park were glancing this direction... I laughed in disbelief, and flicked my shorts down to cover myself. "Jesus."

Nick was rubbing himself urgently, eyes glazed with lust. "My turn," he panted, and rubbed harder and faster, and—"Uh!" He jolted, and came in spurts onto the shadowed grass between his legs.

I curled my hand around his ankle, the only part of him within reach, and squeezed it with fondness.

His body sagged in gratification, and he caught his breath. Then he grinned, widely and guiltily, tucked his dick away, and glanced around. "Wow. Okay."

"Hope they don't routinely check this grass for DNA."

"In this park? Dude, they'd find more than we want to know." He reached out a hand to clasp mine, and we pulled each other to a standing position.

"So. Home?" I said.

"Home. Where we can drink way too much water in private. If that's the kind of thing we feel like doing."

I hooked his hand in mine, just for a second. "I'm just *so* thirsty, now that you mention it."

He cocked an eyebrow at me, shy but definitely interested, and we turned toward home.