 Terrell walked into the showers at the end of his Physical Education class and sighed. He made his way to his usual spot near the center of the long, open room studded with showerheads. At the same time, a bittersweet smile lifted his lips as he thought it was the last time he'd have to do this. It was the last day of school for seniors and he would never step foot in this locker room again. He knew he could've skipped the shower and took the time to clean out his locker and shoot the shit like some of his classmates but he didn't like the idea of going through his three remaining classes sweaty and smelly. 

"T-Man!" was called to him louder than was necessary as he adjusted the temperature of his spray.

Terrell closed his eyes and groaned recognizing Chad's voice behind him. Turning his head, he saw his friend and teammate from basketball entering the showers followed by four of the guys that made up Chad's crew.

Chad was "that guy" around campus. He was a lightly freckled redhead with green eyes yet his friends were predominantly black. His wardrobe consisted of baggy jeans, t-shirts and athletic wear along with a thick gold bracelet and necklace. In his ears were a pair of large, square, faux diamond earrings, and from the ends of his pinky fingers extended nails that were over an inch long now that he was no longer regularly playing basketball. Overall, he really was a good guy but parents and teachers didn't trust him and he gave them plenty of reasons not to.

Despite the fact that Terrell had been ostracized by most of the other black students for being gay and dating only white guys—never mind that he was the only openly gay, black student in the school—he and Chad got along well and were friendly enough to have lunch together occasionally or speak to each other at parties. It was because of Chad that Terrell had remained on the basketball team over the years. Though Terrell was one of the better players, the white teen often had run interference with the other black players, getting them to reign in their teasing and had defended him when the others had bullied him. Despite their friendship, what put Terrell on edge as Chad approached him was the fact that he'd had a crush on his classmate since middle school and everyone, including Chad, knew it.

"Don't ignore me, dude," Chad said with a chuckle as he moved next to Terrell and placed and arm around his shoulder. "This is the last time we'll be here. Together. Better get your fill."

Terrell sighed and against his better judgement relaxed into the embrace.

"You're gonna miss me, aren't you, Little Man?"

"Yeah," Terrell admitted reluctantly. At six feet three inches tall, Chad was three inches shorter than he was but because he had been the last to have a growth spurt, Chad had given him the nickname a few years ago and, honestly, Terrell didn't hate it.

Chad squeezed Terrell's shoulder and gave it a quick rub. "I'm gonna miss you, too. You're my own personal fan club."

Terrell blushed. Despite the fact that it was no secret, it was the first time Chad had ever mentioned how Terrell felt.

"You're not like other gay dudes," Chad continued as he held Terrell. "You're not too girly and you don't hit on every guy around. If it weren't for the fact that you always watch me when I'm naked, I'd think you weren't interested."

Terrell's face fell. While it was true he always snuck peeks at Chad's tight, naked body, he didn't think he'd been so obvious. "Sorry, man. I shouldn't've—"

Chad gave his shoulder a friendly squeeze. "It's cool. I ain't mad at ya. Hell, you know I ain't shy about showing it off."

"I know," Terrell said with some embarrassment as he noticed Chad had started playing with his cock. "But still."

"Come on, man. You know you enjoy the show."

Terrell blushed.

The fact that Chad was an unashamed exhibitionist was one of the reasons adults hated him. Chad was rightfully proud of his cock and showed it off whenever he could. Sitting in class, in the cafeteria, at assemblies, nowhere was off limits for him. He had jerked off everywhere and had even gotten head and fucked a few girls during classes, somehow all without the knowledge of the teachers though all of his classmates had been aware. Even during this last year of school, when all of his teachers had sat him in the front row to keep their eyes on him, he still had managed to leave behind the occasional puddle of cum that wasn't discovered until after he left the room.

Yet for all the things Chad did during classes and around school, the shower seemed to be his favorite place to drop a load. For as long as Terrell could remember, Chad had openly jerked off two or three times a week under the water surrounded by his classmates.

"I was thinking," Chad continued, "that maybe I should give you a going away present."

Though Chad's voice and demeanor hadn't changed, something about his words put Terrell on edge, yet his eyes remained locked on what Chad's hand was doing. "You don't have to."

"I know," Chad said, now stroking his growing cock in earnest. "But I think I'll enjoy it, too."

Terrell was quiet for a moment as he lifted his eyes to see Chad staring at him with obvious intent while continuing to work his hardening dick. Looking around the room, he saw that the other guys in the shower were either openly watching them or faking their cleansing and lack of interest. The four guys that had come in with Chad had split up and two were at the entrance to the room obviously standing guard while the other two were a respectful distance behind Chad not even pretending to wash themselves. To Terrell they looked like they were ready to spring into action in case he tried to run or do anything they—or more likely Chad—didn't like.

Chad released his hold on Terrell's shoulder then moved to stand facing the other teen. Reading Terrell's fear, he gave a friendly smile and said, "Calm down, man. They're not gonna hurt you and I'm not gonna do anything you don't want. They're just going to make sure we're not interrupted."

"Chad," Terrell said quietly. "I don't think this is a good idea."

Chad snorted. "For me it's not. I'm fucking straight and about to fuck my first dude. But since I don't plan on making a habit of this shit," he said loudly for everyone else's benefit, "I think it'll be okay. For you, you're gay and about to get some dick. A dick you've wanted for a while. Why is that a problem? We both know you'd kick yourself if you turned it down so I'm not going to let you."

Terrell didn't resist when Chad grabbed one of his hands and made him stroke the hard cock pointing toward him. Fearing it was some sort of joke or setup, he glanced around the shower room again expecting to see Chad's friends filming or otherwise waiting to pounce. Instead, they studiously stood guard as faithfully as they sometimes had when Chad was with a girl at a party.

"I told you, man, they're gonna be cool," Chad said in a soothing tone as he moved his other hand to Terrell's shoulder and applied gentle downward pressure. "Go ahead. Get your mouth on it."

Though Terrell—and everyone else in school—had seen Chad's cock before, being on his knees staring at the piece of flesh that approached eleven inches in length was something completely different. Smooth and shaped like a torpedo, it tapered slightly at the end and was a uniform girth almost down to the base where it narrowed again. A number of multicolored blood vessels could be seen meandering under the surface of the soft, milky skin. As he gently stroked it under his own power, the foreskin reluctantly peeled back from the pointed bullet before easily covering it again on the upstrokes. After another glance around the room to see that nothing was amiss, he met Chad's eyes, raised the cock slightly to expose the underside then pressed his lips to the bottom of the head in a gentle kiss. "I've wanted to do that for years."

Chad winked at him and ran a hand over Terrell's short hair. "I believe it. Now suck my dick, T."

Not waiting any longer, Terrell leaned forward and took Chad's cock head into his mouth in one go. As it passed his lips, he used his tongue to push back on the foreskin, revealing the spongy flesh below. He was surprised by how clean it was, only the barest hint of fermented dick cheese was present. And whatever sweating Chad had done out in the field earlier had already been washed away by the spray of water, though there was still a hint of the white teen's ever-present, natural, spicy musk. With the cock cover retracted, Chad's crown was not much wider than the shaft below and Terrell wasted no time getting as much of it into his mouth as he could in a short amount of time.

"Damn," Chad said as he felt his cock touch the top of Terrell's throat. "You're fucking hungry for it." He watched as Terrell rapidly moved back and forth on a portion of his length, slicking as much as he could of it with spit. Chad couldn't deny that it felt good, maybe even better than some of the head he'd gotten from girls, and he felt his cock stiffen fully in response.

Having acquainted himself somewhat with Chad's cock, Terrell paused with it as far in his mouth as it would easily go and took a few breaths.

"Tired already?" Chad asked cockily.

In response, Terrell inhaled deeply then forced the end of Chad's dick into his throat.

"What...the...fuck?" Chad stared down at Terrell and watched as more of his dick disappeared between the black teen's full lips.

When he felt all of Chad's cock head enter his throat, Terrell paused for a short moment then pulled back. He took another quick breath then swallowed Chad's crown again along with a few inches of shaft. After waiting a moment for his throat to get accustomed to the intrusion, he pulled off, inhaled deeply, then pushed more of the stiff flesh into his tight passage. Repeating the movement a few more times, he gradually worked his way down Chad's cock until his lips touched the short, copper hairs at the base.

"No fucking way," Chad said through panted breaths.

Both because he needed a breath and to confirm to Chad that it happened, he pulled back, inhaled, then slowly and deliberately swallowed all of Chad's cock.

"Goddamn!"

"Oh, shit!"

"Damn, T!"

Voices of their classmates echoed off the tile as they reacted to Terrell deep throating Chad. Feeling a bit of pride, Terrell slowly pulled back, letting everyone see the shiny length of dick leave his mouth before taking it all again.

"Boy's a fucking snake unhinging his jaw and shit," one of Chad's friends said.

Terrell rolled his eyes as he pulled off a final time. Swallowing Chad's cock had nothing to do with resembling a serpent, though there was no denying that Chad was carrying around an anaconda. Looking up at Chad as he stroked the spit-slimed cock, he asked, "You like that?"

"How could I not? I've never had anyone even try to take my dick like that."

"Not gonna lie, I've thought about it a lot over the years but wasn't sure if I could do it."

"Well, you did it." Chad thrust his hips forward pushing his cock against Terrell's lips. "Now quit showing off and suck my dick."

Terrell opened his mouth and began to work Chad's cock as eager as the white boy was to have it inside him. As he set up a steady rhythm moving back and forth on the hard flesh, he reached out a hand to massage Chad's balls. The sack in which they were contained was larger than average but not quite as large as Terrell thought it could have been in order to feed the cum tube above. In all the times he had seen it over the years it was always drawn up tight against his body. Even now under the warm water, Chad's nuts were not loose, low hangers but formed a constricted mound between his legs.

He heard the sound of fingers snapping and looked up in time to see Chad catch a small bottle of lube that had been tossed his way.

"Get your ass ready," Chad ordered as he passed Terrell the bottle.

Needing no encouragement, Terrell made quick work of opening and slicking his hole while Chad continued to fuck his face. Once finished, he pulled the cock from his mouth in order to spread lube along the shaft. Greased and shiny, the rod of hard flesh was ready and Terrell shivered with both desire and fear.

"Let's do this." Chad pulled Terrell to his feet and guided him to stand facing the wall between showerheads. He placed a hand on the black teen's narrow hip then lined up his cock. With steady pressure he pushed forward, sliding his dick into Terrell's hole.

Despite the length of Chad's cock, Terrell was thankful it wasn't too much thicker than any of the other's he'd had. The initial penetration was uncomfortable but no worse than anything he had felt before and as the hard flesh slid further into him, it quickly turned into something pleasant. However, as Chad neared fully sheathing himself, Terrell realized that the three inches that Chad possessed in excess of the longest dick he had previously taken were not insignificant. Despite himself, he began to moan softly and shifted his hips as he felt the virgin portion of his fuck passage resist the deeper intrusion.

"Don't give up on me now. Got a little bit more for ya, T. Open that ass."

Terrell sucked in a sharp breath through his teeth as Chad punctuated his command with a slap to the side of his ass. The attack worked to distract him and he felt Chad give a slightly harder thrust to bury the rest of his length. He let out a whimper as Chad didn't pause and immediately pulled back to start his fuck.

Chad looked down to watch a little less than half of his length moving back and forth through the inky swell of Terrell's ass. Having had more than his share of black pussy and a few of the girls' asses, he loved to see his pale cock framed by dark flesh. And the darker the better. Knowing that he was able to turn out a pussy as well as any black guy filled him with a superiority that he didn't think anyone else could understand. It wasn't because of any hidden racist sentiments, but because many of the black girls he'd been attracted to had dismissed him until they heard from girlfriends what he was packing and how he worked it. He just hoped that his experience in college would be similar because it was going to be difficult giving up the amount of easy pussy he had now.

With this being the first guy he'd ever fucked, it was hot watching Terrell's tight, muscular ass swallow his dick. Not only that, but Terrell had begun to roll his hips and was flexing his asshole in order to milk it. A cocky smirk lifted his lips hearing the black boy moan and whimper as bad as any bitch he'd ever been with, maybe even worse. While he loved pussy and would never give that up, he began to think that if this was how gay dudes fucked, he had made a mistake not taking advantage of the desire Terrell and a few other guys showed. Knowing that the skill he had was obviously not limited to pleasuring women hardened his dick even further. Wanting to see how far he could push Terrell he moved the hand from Terrell's hip up to wrap around the front of the black teen's neck and squeezed it slightly then raised his other hand and brought it back down hard against the side of Terrell's ass again. "That's it, T. Ride my cock."

Terrell needed no prodding. Even though each time Chad bottomed out he felt some discomfort deep inside him, he loved the feel of the large, white cock in his ass. Not only because it filled him completely, but because Chad knew how to throw a fuck. Terrell glanced behind himself a few times to watch Chad ride his ass with confidence. The position of his hand on his neck along with the random smacks spoke of a confident, unashamed dominance that he had never before experienced from a sex partner. It was not something he had ever thought to want but now that he had it, he knew he'd have to have it again.

"He's fucking taking that cock like a champ," someone said with a mix of awe and arousal.

With his head turned from the wall, Terrell looked around to see most of their classmates openly watching them and more than a few of them stroking their hard dicks. Even Chad's friends were boned. As the four guys watched with obvious fascination and arousal on their faces, their cocks jumped and twitched erratically though they didn't touch themselves. Absently, Terrell thought to himself that Chad fit in well with them. The four black guys were reinforcing the stereotype about dick sizes, though only one of them had a cock that met or possibly exceeded what Chad was fucking him with. With the way Chad was using his moves and cock, he was definitely living up to his reputation of being the blackest white boy in school.

"Five minutes before the bell," one of Chad's friends called to them.

"Dammit," Chad said with some annoyance then increased the speed of his thrusting. The sound of their flesh slapping together became audible over the running water. At the same time, Terrell's stuttered moans gradually became louder in the tiled room and Chad could feel his cock stiffen and swell further in response to the almost pained sounds. While he liked thoroughly fucking a girl so that she would come back, he had the sense that Terrell wouldn't be satisfied unless he left the showers limping and Chad wanted to make that happen.

Terrell found himself struggling to keep himself from being pressed completely against the wall by Chad's onslaught. And while it still felt good, he could not reciprocate and participate the way he had. With the time warning, he had gone from being a participant in the fuck to being nothing more than a cum dump as Chad worked toward his orgasm. The thrusts came hard and fast and all he could do was react to the sharp pain deep inside him each time Chad bottomed out.

"Don't fucking stop now," Chad growled as he slapped Terrell's ass again. "Work that ass, bitch. Milk my fucking cock."

Terrell flexed his asshole as best he could around Chad's driving cock and heard him mutter curses of appreciation in response. Around them, he could hear the guys who had been beating off start to groan and sigh as they shot their loads onto the shower floor. The chlorinated scent of potent teen semen flowed to him in waves and enhanced his own arousal. He wondered with a bit of sadness if he had missed years of circle jerks in the showers or if this being the last day of school allowed the other guys the freedom to do something they would not have considered before in the same way it had motivated Chad.

"That's it, T. Use that hole to suck the cum out of my cock." Slap. "Oh, shit. Tighten that ass. Come on, man." Slap. "Squeeze my dick. Squeeze it. Fuck, yeah. Here it comes. Take my load, bitch."

Terrell whimpered as Chad gave him a final, hard thrust and buried himself fully as his cock began to shoot. It was the first time Terrell had fucked without a condom and the sensation of being seeded was both weird and exciting. With each pulse of Chad's hard cock, he could feel the warmth of it spread through his body.

"Two minutes."

"Fuck! Way to ruin my nut," Chad yelled angrily in response. He gave a few thrusts enjoying the feel of his slick cock moving through Terrell's hole but the moment had been spoiled. As his pulsating cock gradually calmed, he leaned forward and placed his mouth against Terrell's ear on the side facing away from the others to say softly, "Be free when I text you. I'm definitely tapping this ass again over the summer. And you better keep your mouth shut about it."

Terrell responded just as quietly, "I'm down for that."

"Cool." Once his balls were empty, Chad withdrew and used a hand to milk his cock empty into Terrell. For everyone else's benefit, he said in a louder voice as he walked toward the shower's exit, "Not a pussy but it'll last me until after school when I can have a real fuck. Hope you enjoy that load, T. Have a nice life."
