 Why does it have to be so difficult to simply find a cock and balls to lick, suck and worship? With Craigslist dead and gone, where can a married guy find a random cock to suck? My ideal fantasy is to find a regular guy nearby that I could drop by whenever the coast is clear and get my fill of being face and throat fucked until I feel a huge load on my tongue. So hard just thinking about it... again. Seriously, anyone know where it's possible to search for cock to suck?

Help me find a way to get what I want! In the meantime I have to live through my fantasies... This will be a short one... I'm just so fucking horny I want to work myself up before I stroke myself to an explosion...

It's 11:00am on a Tuesday and I get a text message "Hey Steve can you come help me move a bookcase?"

I immediately smile knowing that within minutes I'll have Jerry's hairy balls in my mouth and soon a fresh load of cum in my mouth. I reply "Sure, on my way."

On my way out I tell my wife I need to check on one of our clients. It's great working from home, but it's not so great when the wife does too. LOL

Living at the beach has its benefits, one of which is living in a town when golf carts are the primary source of transportation. I hope in our green machine and head out. Just 4 blocks away is where my ideal situation lives... He's married as well, his wife works at an office while he works from home. As I walk up to Jerry's door, I notice the distinct aroma of a freshly mowed lawn. Plush, level greenery surrounding Jerry's house. I get extra excited. Jim knows one of my fetishes or kinks and I think he's accommodating me today... I climb the 2 steps to his door and just walk in. We've moved well beyond the stage of having to knock and wait.

I head straight back to where Jerry's home office is. It's a nice home. He and his wife do well and it's great when you can enjoy beach living in style.

I turn the corner and there he is. Stripped naked, sitting on the futon in his office. Scooted down a bit, legs spread wide, hands behind his head. I notice immediately that he's a bit sweaty... He knows... he did this just for me. He just finished mowing his lawn and texted me right away. Jerry is moderately hairy and he looks amazing. He's not buff or overly fit, just a bit of a gut, but looks damn good. 

Not a word is said. I walk straight over and first thing I do is bury my face in his left armpit and breathe in deep. Jerry smiles and I hear a very light chuckle. He knows how to drive me crazy and enjoys every second of it. Over the past 4 months since meeting and realizing we "clicked", I have shared my fetishes and desires with him. They all involve what I enjoy doing with his body. I never ask for anything in return, I simply enjoy pleasing and giving. But of course it's all about my own pleasure, he just gets the benefit of being on the receiving end and enjoying myself thoroughly.

So, a deep breath of his scent and a few licks in those hairy pits. Then I skip right to what I really want... before it's gone... I'll just say it... his sweaty balls. There's something about a fresh "clean" sweat after yardwork or a workout... Balls almost dripping. I can't get enough...

Jerry is scooted to the edge of the futon and his balls are literally hanging over the front. I hit the jackpot when I met Jerry... big, heavy, hanging, hairy balls. Nice cock as well. He's not huge but he's thick and pushes down my throat when he's really turned on. 

I'm on my knees between he spread legs and I lower myself until I'm at eye level with his sagging nut sack. I can smell him and now I want to taste him. I slowly lower my head and move in... My tongue darts out and the tip of my tongue darts across one hairy ball... I can't hold back and I get lower and bring my face up under his sack and feel his balls on my face. My eyes open seeing every single hair on his nuts. With my face underneath I breathe in deep... so fucking amazing. My tongue darts around and about lapping up the residue of his sweat. So salty, so delicious... Now I'm over the edge and can't control myself. I rub my face all under, around and over his balls, his full bush and the extra tasty areas of the creases of his legs. He has a nice thick bush which I can't get enough of, I lick and suck on virtually every hair every chance I get. In my mind, I think "Fuck Jerry, you did right by me this time buddy."

As if he read my mind he says "Do you like what I saved for you cocksucker?" I simply moan in response as I continue licking, lapping and panting as I breathe in his manly scent. I eventually leave his balls long enough to take his thick cock in my mouth and I take it straight down my throat. 

Jerry moans "Oh you're worked up big time aren't you? You just had this cock 3 days ago, wasn't that good enough? You're such a cock whore aren't you?" 

I look up at him with his cock in my mouth and he sees the lust in my eyes. "You're an amazing cocksucker, I'll give you that Steve." With that, he grabs my head and holds it in place as he fucks my mouth lifting his ass up and down on the edge of the futon." 

I grunt and groan with each thrust... use my mouth, use my throat, it's yours to take any time you want, I'm thinking.

I don't move an inch, I let him facefuck me as much as he wants. Suddenly he pushes me back and stands up. "OK, you've done it now, you're getting it hard now cocksucker." 

"Yes, please, I'm ready... you know how I like it." I say in response.

I'm on my knees, looking up at him with my mouth wide open. He pushes his cock deep in my mouth and down my throat in one motion. He holds my head and throat fucks me, pounding. He doesn't want to cum yet though and he pulls out, holds his cock and pushes my head down, under his balls. I happily oblige and my tongue darts out as he spreads his legs extra wide. My tongue actually approaches his asshole... I have to admit he tastes amazing and I angle myself for more. My tongue darting around and teasing his asshole. Jerry is worked up more than usual and he turns around suddenly and I bury my face in his ass crack. 

"That's it you nasty cock whore, lick my ass. Eat it, tongue fuck my hole dammit! Show me how much you appreciate me calling you over after mowing the lawn. Fuck YES! That's it, get your tongue in there deep! You nasty fucker."

I also enjoy when Jerry talks to me this way and he knows it. I do as he wants and I lick and suck his shit hole. He tastes amazing and I'm able to get my tongue in deep.

Jerry spins around again and his cock appears to be twice as hard and swollen. Not quite, but he's definitely fully engorged and turned on. He grabs my head and face fucks me harder than ever before and I just take it. Over and over, thrust after thrust. Finally, he stops, holds his cock fully down my throat and I then I feel his cock pulsing and he pulls back just enough so he can fill my mouth with his 3 day load. I take it. Every drop. Rope after rope of thick cum filling my mouth, coating my tongue.

Jerry finally pulls back and I just hold the cum in my mouth, savoring the flavor and taste. Jim collapses on the futon and just keeps saying "Wow... just wow..." He's told me several times how much better I am at sucking his cock than his wife. That makes me want to do even more and better each time.

I don't say anything as I get up and head out. I get home and just before I walk in the door, I finally swallow... Another great morning... 

I need this... soon... Where can I find it???