 The week after we returned from our trip, Mark announced that he wanted to move in with Julie. While he didn't want to leave Justin without a roommate, Julie was about to sign a new lease and this would be a good time for them to start living together.

I had saved up enough money for a car and was working enough hours that my parents actually suggested I take Mark's spot with Justin.

-Hey. (Justin messaged me as I sat with my parents watching TV)

-Long time no hear. You avoiding me? (Due to our conflicting schedules, I hadn't seen or talked to Justin since we returned and was becoming concerned he might be having second thoughts about what we did.)

-No bro! Never! Just working too much. Shit went down while I was gone that I had to clean up.

-OK.

-So Mark wants to move out.

-I heard. (I didn't want to tell him about what my parents had suggested for fear of pushing him away.) Bummer.

-Yeah. But your sexy ass would make up for it. Move in with me.

-You sure about that?

-Without a doubt. Besides then I won't miss you as much as I do.

-I'll think about it.

-Fine. Just think about having this regularly. (He attached a fresh picture of his erect cock sticking out the fly of his boxers.)

Mark made plans to spend the weekend at Julie's so, naturally, I planned to stay with Justin.

After class, I drove out to his place where I was greeted with a tight hug and a lingering kiss. Justin was walking me to his room when Mark called. I placed my stuff in his room while he went to the living room to talk. When I joined him I smiled at the sight of him on the phone. He was topless and wearing only a pair of soccer shorts. When he saw me, he playfully grabbed his package and shook it. I could see the pink of his scrotum and the head of his dick through one of the legs. The sight of him was so arousing to me that as he talked to my brother I shifted his shorts to expose his cock out a leg hole. On my knees between his legs, I sucked his soft cock into my mouth. It inflated quickly as I serviced it, my only goal being to get it wet. Not standing on ceremony, I lowered my pants and after adjusting his cock I straddled him, positioning myself above his pointed rod. Even though it had been over a week, his cock entered me easily as I lowered myself onto his lap facing him.

"Don't worry about me, man," I heard Justin say into the phone as I rode him. "Enjoy your time with Julie. I have plans for this weekend."

...

"Yeah, it's the same one."

...

"It's serious enough. We haven't really talked about it." He gave me a genuine smile.

...

"I don't know about marriage," he laughed. "But I do feel like we're family."

...

"I'm pretty sure Mac knows this one."

...

"No, I'm not hiding anything from you. It's just that Mac has happened to be around at the right time is all."

...

"We'll see. Anyway, I gotta go.

...

"No, nothing's wrong. I told you how much this bitch likes my cock, right?"

...

"Well, I'm about to blow my load. The cockwhore has been riding me while we've been on the phone. Came right up to me, pulled my dick out, sucked on it for a bit then sat on it."

Though I couldn't make out the words, I could hear Mark's tinny yelling.

Justin laughed. "Sorry, man. I'm not going to turn down a good blow and fuck, especially if I don't have to do the work." With Mark still yelling, Justin ended the call. He asked me rhetorically, "You're a sick fuck, you know that, right?" Grabbing my hips, he began to thrust up into me with determination. Just as he was nearing his release, there was a knock on the door. With a frustrated curse, he pushed me off and tucked his cock away. Unfortunately the thin fabric did little to hide his erection. The hard flesh tented the leg of the shorts and caused a spreading wet spot. He shrugged and stomped to the door with his covered cock pointing the way.

I watched in shock as he opened the door to a pizza guy. It was one of the regulars that Mark, Justin and I had gotten to know since they moved in.

The guy looked down and saw that he had obviously interrupted something. He looked past Justin to see me sitting bottomless on the couch trying to cover my own boner. He finally met Justin's eyes and stammered an apology.

"Not your fault. I didn't plan on tapping his hot ass until later tonight." Justin grabbed his wallet and pulled out money. "Not a word about this to anyone, especially not my roommate. He doesn't need to know I'm dicking his baby brother. I have a reputation, you know."

Justin grabbed the pizza box from the guy and replaced it with a wad of cash. He closed the door, walked back to the living room and tossed the pizza onto the coffee table. "I have to fucking nut, now." He grabbed me and turned me to bend me over the couch. Holding onto my hips, he entered me and set up a fast pace. He was now fucking me with no other purpose than to get off. "Haven't had any since the beach and I'm fucking horny. You can't keep staying away like that, bro. When I can't get pussy, I need you handy. You gotta move in. Come on, Mac. Say you will."

I did.

With a growl, he redoubled his actions, slamming into my ass a few more times before he buried himself completely and unloaded. Exhausted, he fell on top of me, breathing heavily into my ear. After peppering my neck with kisses he pulled out and sat on the couch with his dick softening and drooling on the cushion.

"Hungry?" He asked as he opened the pizza box. "I'm starving."

--

Over the next week I spent more time at the apartment. I had told my parents and Mark that I would move in with Justin to help with the rent so we had been slowly moving my stuff in as Mark moved his out. The next weekend Mark was again with Julie so Justin and I were alone. Saturday night, Justin and I were hanging out watching a movie. By fifteen minutes in, we had decided it was so bad that we couldn't watch it anymore.

"I know what we can do," he said as he grabbed my hand and placed it under his waistband.

I stroked him to hardness as he kissed me. He removed my shirt then pushed me back on the sofa, lying on top of me. Our mouths met in a deeper kiss, his tongue expertly taking and giving me pleasure while he pulled off my shorts. He slipped the waistband of his boxers under his balls and lifted my legs to his shoulders to position me for entry. Just as the tip touched my hole a hand reached out and pulled him away.

"What the hell are you doing?" Mark asked looking between me and Justin. "Is this why you two have been spending so much time together?"

I meekly answered yes while Justin vainly to calm Mark down. With thunder in his eyes, Mark walked into the room that I was taking over and slammed the door. Justin and I dressed ourselves and quietly sat as we waited for Mark to reappear.

It didn't take long before we heard a loud swear and Mark returned and sat on a chair across from us. He glared at us each for a moment before he spoke. "In New Orleans, you were fucking while we watched that movie." It wasn't a question. "You weren't wrestling; you had your dick up his ass. Didn't you?"

Justin nodded.

Mark looked at me. "And are you the bitch who rode him while I was on the phone last week?"

It was my turn to nod.

"Un-fucking-believable." Mark sighed and leaned back. He closed his eyes and wiped his hands over his face.

The room was silent for what seemed like an eternity. I didn't know what to say, and I could tell Justin didn't either.

"New Orleans," Mark finally muttered. "I can't believe you did it right there in front of me. That's really fucked up. If it wasn't Mac, if it had been a chick, it might have been hot. Are you in love or are you just fucking?"

The question caught us both off guard. While we knew there was something between us, we had not dared to try to quantify it.

"No. I'm not a fag," Justin said. He looked directly into Mark's eyes as he said it.

"You're not a fag?" There was disbelief in Mark's voice and it was easy to see he was getting angry again. "You stick your dick in my brother regularly and you're not gay?"

Justin shrugged. "No. I really like pussy. He's not the first dude I've given it to, but the runt has a hot ass I like to tap every now and then." Seeing Mark tense and look like he was ready to attack, Justin put up his hands and tried to calm him. "I'm not taking advantage of him and I'm not going to hurt him. We have a good thing. I can't say what it is but I know it's a good thing. I like it and it works."

"Fine," Mark responded before asking me the same question. I said I enjoyed what we were doing as well but didn't see it as a forever thing. Seizing the opportunity, I admitted my bisexuality to him.

"Ok," Mark continued. He let out a heavy sigh but appeared no less on edge. "Justin, if you fuck over my brother and treat him like the women you date, I will end you. And Mac, if you're playing some kind of game with Justin I swear I'll kick your ass, little boy. He's my best friend and those are hard to come by. I'm not happy with you guys right now for keeping this from me but you guys are my bros. Just promise no more secrets, ok?"

Justin and I agreed.

"And no more fucking while I'm in the room."

--

After I moved in, Justin and I spent many nights together. On occasion, he brought home someone for a threesome which was easily as hot as our time with Lauren. We kept doing our thing for about another year before we both realized it had been fun but it was time for us to move on.

The last time we were together was at Mark's bachelor party. Justin had rented out a room at the beach for the event. All of our male friends from school and some close male relatives were in attendance. Because of the venue and activities, most of us were in swimwear. Justin was topless wearing a pair of board shorts that barely covered the top of his pubes. As he walked around the room, I watched as his shorts slipped lower, exposing more of his firm ass. A few times he caught me staring and gave me a smile. He would then grab his covered crotch and shake it for my pleasure under the guise of adjusting himself.

After putting up with the testosterone-filled activities for a few hours, I decided to leave. I hadn't seen Justin in a while and looked for him to confirm he would be fine taking care of Mark for the rest of the night. Eventually I saw him across the room at the door talking to a woman. As expected, a stripper had arrived and all attention became focused on her as she began to stalk Mark. Justin met my eyes across the distance as the guys formed a circle around the performance. Even though he had people on either side of him, Justin stared at me and massaged his growing cock through the heavy fabric of his shorts. As the crowd cheered when the stripper pulled off her top, Justin adjusted his boner to point the head above his waistband at his hip. There was at least three inches of cock out for everyone to see as he gave it a few strokes. No one seemed to notice and if they did, they didn't say anything or care. With a smile and a nod of his head, he directed me to the back of the room.

"I know this isn't your thing," he said once I met him behind the crowd. "But I figured I'd give you something you'd enjoy." Without hesitation, he lowered his shorts under his balls completely exposing himself. If anyone had turned their head slightly, they would have seen him showing me his dick. He turned me to face the performance, pushed his cock up the leg of my loose shorts and worked it into my hole.

For all the times we had fucked with other people nearby, this was the first time he had intentionally begun to fuck me with people so close since the room in New Orleans. I couldn't stop a low moan from escaping my lips. Thankfully it was as the dancer did something that caused another cheer so it went unnoticed.

As he slowly fucked me, he muttered in my ear about enjoying my ass but wanting to stick it to the stripper. "Guess I have it all, don't I, bro? Fucking your hot ass here watching this equally hot bitch dance around Mark. Everyone else is going to be boned and frustrated when she finishes. Not me. I get to blow in my favorite place: up your tight ass. Look at those fucking tits, man."

It was then I knew what we had had run its course. It was one thing to be a fuck-buddy but I couldn't tolerate being a surrogate for someone else, nothing more than a human fleshlight for his fantasies.

As the stripper finished her set, Justin began to unload into me. I saw Mark stand to thank her. At one point our eyes met. I saw his widen as he realized why Justin was standing so close to me. With a shake of his head, he kept the attention on himself as Justin finished shooting into me. When he saw Justin pull away from me, Mark called him up to thank him for the gift as I left the room.

Justin and I each eventually married nice girls. We, along with Mark, are still close and hang out every chance we get. Ever the tease, Justin still enjoys showing me his cock whenever we get together. And whenever I get the urge for dick, he's the first person I call.