 "Yes! It is criminal what can happen to such a gentle boy. They took advantage of him," Taj agreed with Mr. Hamad and rubbed a hand over my head between bites of his steak like I was his little brother. He was joining us for dinner and basking in the approval of his show's benefactor, the wealthy businessman of Satra. Taj was being his protective self, but also playing it up to agree with the man he someday hoped to work for. His reality show was a business one where the top prize was an internship at Mr. Hamad's company. 

"And his father! I have never been so disappointed. Don't worry though, Kasper. You are with us now. We will look after you like our own children. You are safe here," Mr. Hamad assured as he put a hand to my cheek and looked at me with pity. 

He'd spoken with my parents and explained my dilemma of how the show I was on used me to promote their porn site without my knowledge or consent. Dad quickly blew up and told Mr. Hamad that I was the family embarrassment. Mom immediately worried about what her friends and church group would think. 

Just as I predicted, Mr. Hamad's assurances that I had been duped by the show fell on deaf ears with my parents. They assumed it was entirely my fault. They didn't even want to speak with me. I had worn them out with my antics. They thanked Mr. Hamad for siccing his legal team on the website to have me removed, but offered no sympathy or even asked how I was. They knew I was alive and being taken care of by an obviously well off Arab man. He had made it clear that I was in no danger and would be looked after. 

"Of course he ended up naked on that site! He willingly went on a reality show that celebrates loose morals! Kasper always gets himself into stupid situations. He always makes the worst possible choices. He's exhausted us. I'm done with him, maybe you can sort him out!" I'd heard my dad yell through the video chat. Mr. Hamad tried to reason with him, explain the situation, but it was to no avail. They expected me to fail, to bring shame on our family. It's what I did. 

Amir held a protective arm around me as we listened. He was shocked that neither of my parents came to my defense and my mom just worried about herself. He kept rubbing my chest and kissing my cheek. I wasn't surprised at all. I knew they'd blow up like that. They'd cool off eventually and act as though we were a happy family. 

When Mr. Hamad hung up with them he just came out and shook his head in confused anger. He had assumed he could win my dad over. He moved towards me and pulled me away from Amir and into his embrace. I felt the pity through his protective hold. 

"What kind of father!?" He asked himself with outrage. "To cast off his own son! No wonder you ended up in this!" He exclaimed as he kissed the top of my head and rubbed my shoulder. "Don't you worry, Kasper. We will take care of you. You need a strong parent to guide you through this. You have a home with us," he assured. 

Taj had come after that. He'd brought my bag with all of my things. He hugged me as Mr. Hamad filled him in on the situation in Arabic. Taj was eager to prove his place there. He echoed Mr. Hamad's diatribe about how I was a wayward boy who never stood a chance without the proper fatherly direction. They described me like an orphan puppy. Taj agreed that I needed a strong hand; a family and tribe to belong to. 

"You have tried to take care of him, look out for him," Mr. Hamad said. "It is obvious you come from a good family to always look out for the weaker boys. I knew on the show that you were of good character." 

"Oh yes! I know right away the first evening... Kasper was good and darling boy. He looks so scared and tired when he shows up to my room. I give the bed above my own and quieted the room for his sleep," Taj said as though he had slain a dragon for me. 

We settled in around the large dining table in the center of their suite. Taj sat next to Mr. Hamad and I was between him and Amir. Ali was by Amir and Emerson was at Mr. Hamad's side looking deceptively quiet. It was obvious to anyone who observed him closely that he held not only Mr. Hamad's heart but also his ear. The patriarch was fiercely protective of his husband, always checking to see if he was happy and cared for, but also considered him an advisor. He always moved his hands to sign translations of what was being said and looked for Emerson's response. 

The twins were the same. Especially Ali, who always looked detached and bored with my situation, kept a protective proximity to Emerson. He was affectionate with his dad, putting his arm across the back of Emerson's chair and laying his head against his shoulder. They loved their fathers, but especially the deaf one. He was the focus of their attention, their protection. Mr. Hamad seemed to prefer it that way. They really were a sweet family. 

Taj quickly adjusted to the situation. He didn't even flinch when he saw Mr. Hamad kiss his husband. The lure of success and his comfort with embracing new experiences had him at ease with the Hamad family. He was here to broaden his world and I was happy to help him. 

+++ 

Bedtime was another story. Mr. Hamad seemed to think I needed to be tucked in early, even before Taj had left. He insisted I'd had a long and exciting day and needed my rest. He gave me and Amir five minutes alone on the patio before he would send me off. Amir led me out and closed the sliding glass behind us. He led me around to a quiet area away from the windows and pulled me in for a kiss. 

"I'm so sorry about your dad," he said though he wore the dopey smile of our mutual attraction. 

"It's ok. He'll cool off. He gets all ragey and then he settles down. He'll call us back in a day or two. He's really not that bad. I put them through a lot. They need a break from me," I offered and tried to kiss him again, but he moved his head to the side and held me against his chest. He was more interested in talking. 

"Father will fix this! Don't you worry about anything. There's no way they'll get away with what they did to you. He'll make them pay for it," Amir assured as anger rose in his voice and his smile thinned out into a hard line. 

"It's ok. I'm sure Michael just got caught up with making the show a success. It's been his dream. He probably just got into the porn stuff by mistake. He's been a good friend to me. I'm sure he will explain it." I shrugged. I was losing my anger the more I got lost in the Hamad's world. I also couldn't be upset about anything when Amir was holding me like this. I'd never had a family rally around to support me like this. 

I smelled the cologne on his neck that made my dick hard. His strong arms around me, our chests pressed together, our bulges tenting as our hard shafts pressed against each other in our strained pants. Nothing could upset me. I rubbed my lips against his neck, licked a little at his salty skin. 

"Aren't you upset, Kasper? They wronged you. They put you on display as a sex toy for older men. I got so angry thinking of strangers arousing themselves to your body... Why do you make excuses for Michael? For your father? For people who are so mean to you?" Amir asked and pulled back from me. He stepped away and threw his hands up. I stumbled when I lost his support. I didn't realize how precariously I was balanced against his hold. I fell against his chest and knocked him back into the wall. I'm a klutz. 

Amir lost his anger and laughed as he caught me. He pulled me up and held me against him again. He shook his head as if casting off his outrage. I thought about his words. Maybe I was numb from shock or tired from too much going on that day. I had no words. 

"Kasper!" Amir shook his head with an exasperated grin. He kissed my cheek. 

"It is time," Mr. Hamad called from the sliding door as he opened it. Amir sighed and turned towards his father. As much as we wanted to stay there, he could never go against his father's demand for more than a few seconds. He led me back inside with an arm around my shoulders. 

I hugged Taj goodnight and went to the master suite to take a shower and brush my teeth. Emerson followed me. He pointed towards a gold paper shopping bag with the twisted paper handles tied with a gold ribbon bow. He helped me untie it and pulled out a packaged toothbrush and a pair of pajamas. He must have ordered them from the hotel before dinner. 

The pajamas were a matching pair of sweatpants and a long-sleeved t-shirt. Both were dark blue with light blue bunnies hopping all over the flannel fabric. He held them up with a smile and inquisitive eyes as if to ask if I liked them. I nodded yes even though they looks like something a kid would wear. I pressed my hands together as if to say thank you. 

He laughed at my attempt. He made a sign with one hand putting it to his mouth and then extending it down in front of him to show me the way to say thank you. He was a handsome man, older but in incredible shape. He was about my height with well-defined muscles and a flawless complexion. His tight t-shirt showed a nice ripple of ab muscles with little signs of aging. 

I wanted to say so much to him, to thank him for everything. I just kept repeating the motion he showed me as he beamed. He pulled out a fresh pair of blue briefs that would fit me. He handed me a towel from under the sink and then turned to leave. 

I got undressed and looked at myself in the mirror. My cock was still fluffed from embracing Amir. My frame looked lanky and pale compared to the men around here. I'd have to start working out more to fit in with the Hamads. 

The bathroom was a stark contrast to the communal ones back in the dorms. Everything was state of the art steel and stone. The counters were this rugged slate like they'd been sliced off the side of a mountain and hollowed out with two sinks. The shower was like a walk in cave with walls made of marble and glass tiles in an alternating checkerboard pattern. There were no knobs to be seen or even a drain or spout. I looked around on the wall to see if maybe one of the switches turned it on, but all I got was meditation music and flickering lights. 

I wrapped a towel around my waist and peeked my head outside the bathroom door into their bedroom. Mr. Hamad was on the other side of the room with his arms wrapped around Emerson from behind. They were looking out the window silently. 

"Um, I need help with the... um... how does this work?" I asked. Mr. Hamad turned to look at me. His eyebrow raised in surprise as he saw me naked except for the towel. Emerson turned next and then gave me a look of alarm. They both started towards me, but Emerson stopped Mr. Hamad. He pushed his husband back gently and signed something as he came towards me. 

I made a sign holding one hand above my head and flicking my fingers towards my face to imitate a shower as my other hand clutched the towel around me. His alarm softened into a laugh when he realized what I needed. He nodded and followed me back into the bathroom. 

He closed the door behind us and waved me towards the shower. I got in and he extended his hand to take my towel. He gave me a look of impatient demanding when I didn't immediately give it to him. He didn't see my nudity as an issue. I most definitely wasn't his type. I let one side of the towel fall and handed it to him. He didn't even look down to check out my cock. He saw me as a kid who needed a parent. I was safe with him. 

He hung the towel on a small hook and then leaned into the shower and pushed one of the glass tiles. A rainstorm appeared over my head as drops of warm water started to fall on me. He pushed on another tile and it flipped out to show an assortment of bath products all in neat little glass cylinders. He pointed at one and then rubbed my wet hair. He pointed to another and rubbed my shoulder and then another and rubbed my cheek. He held up a hand to make the "OK" sign with his eyebrows furrowed in inquisition. I smiled, nodded, and repeated the "thank you" sign. Emerson nodded, turned away, and left me alone. 

I wasn't sure how to turn the shower off when I finished, but as soon as I touched the tile Emerson had used, I could see a little slide panel glowing inside it. I slid it all the way down and the rain slowed to a trickle. 

I brushed my teeth and then put on my new pajamas. I went out to find that a small twin bed had been set up along the wall opposite their oversized king bed. The bed for me had been made up with a thick down comforter and pillow. There was a white sleeping mask on top of the pillow and the room lights had been dimmed. I heard the four of them in the living area. Three of them were talking in their language and I guessed from the brief pauses that they were signing with Emerson. 

I poked my head out from the bedroom and their conversation stopped as four sets of eyes looked towards me. I offered a smile and walked out. 

"Do you need something, Kasper?" Mr. Hamad asked. 

"No sir, just not tired yet. I heard everyone talking," I said. I looked over at Amir who seemed pleased to see me in pajamas. He curled his lips up into a smile and winked at me. I looked back at him, but then felt his parents' disapproving eyes on me. I turned to see that they were not exactly welcoming of me intruding on their family time. 

"Come, it is time for bed. I will help you sleep. You've had a long day. We will be quiet." Mr. Hamad rose and came towards me. He put his hand on my shoulder and guided me back towards the bedroom. 

He pulled back the comforter on the little bed and I got in. He pulled the comforter over me and sat down on the bed. It reminded me of when I was little and my dad would put me to bed. He looked down at me with an adoring smile and pushed back my hair with his right hand. His other hand, warm and strong, squeezed my shoulder gently and then slid under the back of my neck. He massaged it firmly. He was good at this. My body relaxed under his touch. 

"Goodnight, little one. The bed is ok? You are warm enough?" he asked as his thumb rubbed over my cheek. 

"Mmmhmm," I affirmed and nodded with a yawned "Thank you."

"Here, this will help you sleep," he said and picked up the sleep mask. He put it over my head and adjusted it to cover my eyes. I felt his hand rest on my cheek as he watched me lay back against the pillow. 

"You can sleep in tomorrow. You won't go back to the set until things are settled with the producers... That is if you wish to return. It may be better for you to just stay with us and we can discuss your future. But that is not bedtime conversation. All you need to know is you are safe here with nothing to worry about," Mr. Hamad said. I felt his hand slide down to my chest. It rested just over my heart. 

"Thank you, sir," I yawned again. Something about the deep Arab tones of his voice, his soothing touch, lulled me into a sleepy state. 

"I know Amir is fond of you, and we are fond of you as well. I'm sorry your father was disappointing today. We aren't always perfect, but I'm sure he loves you. You have a family with us for as long as you wish it," Mr. Hamad slowed his speech and spoke softly as though knowing he was helping me sleep. I felt his breath on my face as he leaned down and then his lips kissed my forehead. 

"Yes, thanks," I yawned again as he rubbed his hand in slow circles over my chest. 

"Good night, sweet one," his voice whispered against my ears as I slipped away into dreamland. 

+++ 

I woke up to a nearly pitch-dark room with just a thin sliver of morning sun coming in through a part in the heavy drapes. My eyes had been covered all night so they were able to see in the low light. I sat up and looked across the room to see the two Mr. Hamads curled up together on one side of the big bed. They had the comforter pulled midway up their bare chests with Emerson's head nuzzled into the side of Mr. Hamad's neck. They rose and fell in synchronized breathing. 

I guessed that the light rumble of snoring was coming from the older, stronger one as he held onto his smaller husband with a protective arm. They looked beautiful wrapped up together. I wanted to sleep like that with Amir. I thought about the few times I'd gone into my parents' bedroom while they slept. They were always on their own sides of the bed with their backs turned. I'd never seen them be very affectionate with or supportive of each other. This was a very different scene. They were inseparable, soulmates. 

I got out of bed quietly and went to pee without turning on a light. I tried to flush quietly, but those things can't be controlled. I washed my hands and went back out to find they were still asleep. Mr. Hamad had strong, dark pec muscles covered in black hair with small brown nipples. I couldn't help but wonder if Amir would look that good at his age. I thought about it for a few minutes, but decided it was best to leave them to their privacy. I headed out to the living room. 

The suite was quiet. I saw the door to Amir and Ali's room was slightly ajar. I wanted to go crawl into bed with him, but it might get us in trouble. I needed to be good here. I paced quietly back and forth for a few minutes before edging closer to the twins' door. I didn't know which bed was Amir's, but I could probably tell them apart with a simple look. 

I pushed the door with one finger and it glided open silently. I tiptoed into the room and heard a peaceful snoring come in turn from each bed. I wondered if that was something they got from their father. I'd been told I was a quiet sleeper. My brothers were never bothered with sharing a room with me. Their beds were a few feet apart and separated by a small table with a glass lamp. I crept between the beds and saw them facing each other. 

I recognized Amir immediately. He slept chest down with his face turned to the side against the pillow. Ali was on his back and in the bed closest to the doorway. He was sprawled out with his hands raised behind him like he was being held up. 

Amir hugged the pillow and had his lips pushed out in a pout as though awaiting a kiss. I crept around to the other side of the bed to not disturb Ali. I pulled back the comforter and slid in behind him. His body was warm and I could feel his skin was bare except for a small pair of briefs. I sidled up behind him and wrapped my arms around his chest. His hands moved to hold mine. 

"Kasper?" He whispered as his body groaned a wake-up noise. 

"Yep," I whispered back with a laugh. I slid a hand down to feel his raging morning wood. I wondered why Emerson had gotten me pajamas that covered me head to feet when the twins slept almost naked. Maybe he knew they ran warm and assumed I didn't. 

"You better go back, we'll get in trouble," Amir said quietly as he turned to face me. He pressed his crotch against mine as he slid his arms around me and pressed his forehead to mine. We stared into each other's' eyes for a few minutes and tasted each other's morning breath. Neither of us minded it. I felt this pull to him like I'd never felt with anyone before. 

He insisted on holding me whenever we were together as if I might slip away if he didn't pin me down. The way he looked at me, held me, made all thoughts of Taj or any other guy for whom I'd ever held a boner fade away. There was only us. 

We heard a noise from the other room that snapped us back to reality. It was only the air conditioner kicking on, but it roused us out of our shared world and brought us home to the very present danger of being found. I didn't want to get him in trouble, ruin what was budding between me and his family. 

"Go... please," Amir whispered though he didn't retract his embrace. He held me like his body was fighting with his will. 

"Right," I whispered back and put a hand to his chest to push him away. I took a deep breath and slid out of his arms, his bed. The cold air of the room hit me with a chill as I tiptoed towards the door. 
