 [I don't want to hear sad songs anymore, I only want to hear love songs

I found my heart up in this place tonight

Don't want to sing mad songs anymore, Only want to sing your song

'Cause your song's got me feeling like I'm in love -Rita Ora]

[By Emri]

+++ 

"This will let anyone know to whom you belong," Mr. Hamad told me as he opened a file on his desk and pushed it towards me. I'd never been in his work office. He did most things from home, but traveled here for meetings and to check on his staff. We were in a top floor office in a building tall enough to offer a view of the entirety of Satra. His office was floor to ceiling glass overlooking the gulf, the city, and the mountains behind it. 

He'd shown me his telescope by the window that looked directly into the Hamad compound. I saw two workers trimming the dead fronds from a tall palm tree. Emerson and I had gone to lunch and then stopped by his office to see him. He waved me over to his desk, eager to show me some important documents. 

"A driver's license?" I asked with hope. It was a small plastic card with my picture and then a lot of Arabic script. I recognized the flag of Satra and Mr. Hamad's picture was in the bottom right corner. 

"Driving? No, certainly not! We have people for that. It is an identification card. This should be on you at all times when outside of our home. Any police officer or good citizen will offer you immediate assistance no matter your need. They are rewarded handsomely for assisting our family members. My picture is on it so they know who is responsible for you should anything occur," Mr. Hamad said. He'd laughed at the thought of me driving. 

"Wow! Thank you, sir!" I said and slipped it into the new leather wallet he'd given me. He'd put their Satran cash and a credit card inside it for emergencies. 

"And these papers are for your new bank account. It's a place where you can put your earnings without your father's knowledge or ability to access it. If you want to help them, it will be your choice," he said and slid a few papers towards me. He had me sign off on some forms. 

"Wow, thank you. That's really crazy. I've never had much money to worry about," I noted. I had a few jobs lined up this week. The photographer and stylists from the catalog my mom sold products for were coming and then a popular Middle Eastern shoe designer wanted me to do some shots for their website. 

Amir wasn't happy about any of it, but when Mr. Hamad set it up, Emerson pushed me excitedly to do it. He really wanted me to have some independence. Amir didn't like his parents meddling in a matter he said was between us, but he didn't want to go against them. It was hard trying to please all of them and I wasn't even really sure I wanted to do the modelling anyways. 

That morning was the start of Amir's new semester at university. He'd wanted to take me with him to show me around. Emerson came too so we could see him off and then go about our business in the city. Emerson was planning a charity event and wanted to make sure the hall he was using had properly prepared. 

We rode with Amir to campus. I was in the backseat with him and his dad in the front. It was funny watching them together. Amir was a pretty stable driver, but Emerson kept pointing out roadside dangers and signing for him to slow down. Amir just nodded peacefully and gave me little eye rolls in the rearview mirror. I laughed every time he got scolded. 

We walked around the campus a little and Emerson got me a U. of Satra t-shirt... along with a hat, a zip-up hoody, and a stuffed lion, their mascot. Emerson pointed out some of the buildings they had worked on over the years including a world-class yoga center that Mr. Hamad had built especially for him. It even had his name chiseled in stone on an outside wall. That was really beautiful. Emerson noted they still had trouble getting Satran men to try it, but it was very popular with the female students. 

A driver showed up to meet us near Amir's class. We said goodbye and headed into the city for errands. After a light lunch and making sure the charity event was on track, we'd ventured up to Mr. Hamad's office where he'd given me the ID card and papers for the bank account. 

Mr. Hamad showed me around his office and pointed out the variety of investments their family held. We met up with Lincoln who was married to Samir, Mr. Hamad's brother. He was in his office and going through a file on his desk. He stood when he saw us come in. 

"Kasper! I've been meaning to check in on you but I've had my hands full with a project. Samir is on his way over. How are you?" He asked. He greeted me with a hug as though he welcomed the distraction in his day. He seemed genuinely interested in making small talk which was odd because we hadn't spent much time getting to know each other. His husband came in and seemed just as strangely interested in hugging me and hearing about my day. It was odd and they made me nervous. Something weird was going on. 

Mr. Hamad jumped in and caught them up with my "blossoming modeling career." He greatly exaggerated the demand for me from designers. I suspected he was arranging jobs as an excuse to give me money. It was very sweet. They wanted me to feel like I was doing something. 

"Oh, Ali! I almost forgot," Lincoln said suddenly to Mr. Hamad who was in mid-sentence. "We have to fire that terrible new project manager." 

"Right, he's awful. I hate firing people though. It's too emotional," Mr. Hamad said and squeezed my shoulder. 

"Me too! They get all weepy. Well why don't we have Kasper do it?" Samir suggested. 

"Me? I can't... no! No way! I don't even work here! I don't think that's legal since I don't work here!" I felt panic rising in me. Why would they ask me to do that? I looked to Emerson to help me out. 

"Sure you can. You're family now. This is the family business! You'll be great at it and we'll help you!" Emerson signed and Lincoln translated. 

"No, I'll cry. Please," I tried to argue. I wrapped my arms around Mr. Hamad's arm and looked at him for help. They just shrugged me off. 

"Nonsense! You're a born leader. Let me summon him. It'll be good practice for you, little one," Mr. Hamad said as he went to the phone and barked some harsh orders in Arabic to someone on the other end of the line. 

"Seriously, you guys! Please! I hate hurting people's feelings," I felt my cheeks burn red and I backed away from them. Mr. Hamad looked at me quizzically and put his hand on my shoulder. 

"We believe in you," Samir assured. 

"You'll do great. Ahh, here comes the sad chap," Mr. Hamad said. I turned towards the door and watched it open. 

"Shit! I can't do this... what am I going to... It's Taj! Oh my God!" I squealed when I saw his head poke in the door. 

Taj looked so incredibly handsome. I hadn't seen him since we left Durban. The Hamads had cleaned him up. His black hair was gelled up in a sharp swoop and his fancy suit fit him perfectly and framed the muscled treasure he worked so hard to get. He looked so healthy and happy. I knew how hard he had worked to get here. 

"Kasper!" he called back excitedly as he ran over to lift me up into a hug. 

"I missed you so much! It's been so crazy here! So much has happened," I told him when he set me down. He kept a hand on my shoulder and listened to me. 

"I know! I've been here! Everyone has been so wonderful and I'm flying home to get married next week! We have a beautiful apartment waiting to bring my bride home," Taj glowed. 

"Wait... I'm not firing him, right?" I said suddenly and turned to the Hamad men behind me who were laughing at me. 

"Not unless you want $20 million in accounts lost. Taj has been an incredible asset to the company. We're all so proud of him," Mr. Hamad said. 

"Oh that was SO mean," I told him. Everyone thought it was a good prank, but my stomach hurt from anxiety. This family could be rough. 

"Sweet boy. Come to me," Mr. Hamad laughed and pulled me in for a kiss on the cheek. He sounded just a little remorseful for his prank and rubbed my back as he held me. 

They gave me time to go hang out with Taj. I saw his office and he showed me pictures of his new place on his phone. His office had pictures of his fiancee. I got a little jealous of the shrine he'd built for her. I remembered the shrine to me that Amir put up on my room in their house. He had canvases made with pictures of us together. 

I told Taj all about the events with my family. He shook his head and offered me hugs. He said every family had its own challenges and no one could tell me what to do about it. I had to decide that for myself. He said I had to set up my own boundaries and realize that I wasn't a kid anymore, I had to define my own relationship with them in a way that worked for me. He echoed what the therapist told me. He was a helpful listener. 

+++ 

Amir was waiting for us when we got home. He had gone to the gym and was lounging on the couch playing a video game on the big screen. He died quickly when we came in and then jumped up to pounce on me. He kissed me and lifted me up against his chest in a tight hug. 

"It's only been a few hours. Wait until your long day classes before you get too crazy," Mr. Hamad laughed as he watched us. 

"I can't help it. I'll have to start taking him with me. Maybe Kasper can sit with me," Amir proposed. He had on a white tank top that was nearly see through and small black shorts. 

"Yes, I'm sure he will love hearing three hour lectures taught in Arabic. No, no. He has jobs coming up and he is becoming quite the apt apprentice with Emi's charities," Mr. Hamad noted. 

"You can try it, Kas. right, babe?" Amir set me down and looked at me with a hopeful smile. 

"He has a photo shoot tomorrow," Emerson signed and Mr. Hamad translated. 

"No! It was supposed to be Friday when I don't have classes!" Amir's smile turned to anger. 

"It was moved up. With the perfect weather and longer daylight, they are able to finish early and under budget. They're eager to wrap things." Mr. Hamad looked annoyed at his son's agitation. 

"Oh wait! Look what I got today!" I said excitedly as I tried to defuse the situation. I pulled out my new wallet and handed it to Amir. He opened it and smiled when he saw my ID card. 

"It came! Oh you look so cute next to our flag. But..." Amir's voice suddenly fell. 

"Why is your picture on here, father? Shouldn't it be mine? Dad has your name on his ID, not grandfather's. I'm responsible for Kasper like you are responsible for dad. It's how it's done here! He's my boy. Right, Kasper? You're my boy," Amir grew angry all over again. 

"I am," I assured and patted his chest. I didn't want to get in the middle of this.

"You are, but I wanted him to have the highest safety. This is for his safety. You are not yet a leader in your own right. Our kingdom watched you grow up so quickly. Many still think of you as a young boy. I wanted there to be no doubt that he is protected by the family at the highest level. He is more than your current love interest." Mr. Hamad said harshly. Things were getting tense. I felt Amir's heartbeat as he held me protectively against his chest. 

Amir spoke back angrily in his language and Mr. Hamad sighed in exasperation. Emerson put his hands up between the two of them as if pushing them apart. He signed something as he looked between them. I didn't know what was going on. There were two languages I needed to learn to function in this family.

"Emi is right. Kasper is an adult. He should have had a say in all of these things and it's not fair for him to be put in between us like this. We should settle our arguments away from his ears. Look, son... I don't mean to diminish the love you have for him. You are so young and your love is so new. When I found your dad, I was already established in the business and finished with school. I was a leader in my own right and Emerson was never out of my protection. We both want to keep him safe," Mr. Hamad said. 

Amir and his father went off to talk while I helped Emerson make dinner. Usually the staff did it, but tonight he wanted to make something special. I helped him peel shrimp and we made a pasta with a light sauce and a giant healthy salad with strawberries and kale. It was yummy. 

"I hope you aren't upset about this thing between Amir and his father. It's part of growing up. It's hard for him to accept that Amir isn't his little boy anymore." Emerson swiped out on his tablet. 

"Thanks, I just don't want to cause any problems. Everyone's been so great to me here and I don't want to ruin that," I said back and the app translated to text. 

"It's not your fault," Emerson typed and gave me a hug. 

Things seemed better when they came back. Ali joined us for dinner. Amir pulled my chair over to his and kept his arm around me while we ate. 

+++ 

Emerson woke me early the next morning. He was eager to get ready and head to the catalog shoot. I stirred in Amir's arms and squinted up at him. He seemed unfazed at seeing me cradled against his son's bare chest as we slept. I knew I needed to get up, but Amir was holding onto me tightly and I knew he would be upset if I left without waking him. 

Luckily, Emerson had taught me the signs for minutes and numbers. I signed to him that I needed ten minutes more of sleep. He nodded in understanding and signed back "10 minutes, that's it." He pointed towards his bedroom and then left us, closing the door behind himself. 

"Babe," I whispered against Amir's ear, but he just groaned and rolled onto his back, bringing me with him. I slid my hand down his chest, over his hard abs, and then down into his sleep shorts. He didn't have on any underwear and his cock was already stirring with its normal morning appetite. I slid my hand down the shaft and it thickened under my touch. I gripped it and kissed his nipple. He let out a soft moan as I bit against his nipple and pumped his cock. 

"Baby," he mumbled. "So early." He sighed and arched his back to stretch from the cramped position we'd slept in. His hand rubbed down my back and slid inside the back of my briefs. His finger went straight for my hole. 

"I have to go, Amir. The photoshoot is today," I whispered as I looked up to him. His eyes were blinking open and he nodded that handsome Arab face. 

"Kay," he said and started to buck his hips to fuck the grip I had on his cock. His finger pushed inside my hole and he leaned down to kiss my forehead. I raised my head up to his so our lips could meet and wrestle with dueling morning breaths. 

"Suck me off babe. I won't take long," Amir asked. He put his free hand on my head. His fingers pushed through my hair and he guided me down beneath the covers. 

"Do we have time? Emerson said ten minutes," I looked at him with needy eyes. 

"If you take away my urgency this morning then I will have time to fuck you properly tonight as you deserve," Amir noted. 

"Good point, but we have to hurry," I said and nodded at him. 

"Then get to it, my love," Amir said and let go of my hair. He caressed my cheek with one hand and fingered my hole with the other. I disappeared under the blanket and put my lips to his cock. 

I sucked him eagerly as he pushed up to my throat. He massaged my hole with one hand and pressed down on my head with the other. His fingers intertwined with my hair as he held me there though no holding was needed. I wanted his cream. I wanted him spent so he could focus on his day and I could go about mine with his seed inside me. I bobbed on his cock as the thick tip shoved its way past my gag reflex. I sputtered on his thick shaft as he started to fuck my throat. He bucked his hips and I reached a hand down to cup his balls. I pulled on them and massaged them, the thick and full nuts that would reward me soon enough. 

"Fuck, baby," he hissed in a low voice to not disturb his parents in the other room. 

"Mmmm," I mumbled as he rammed in and out of my mouth. He tasted like sweat and piss as my tongue lapped at his shaft while it forced its way in and out of me. 

"Fuck, so good, my beautiful Kasper," Amir whispered encouragement as he held my head and force-fucked me deeply. His thick shaft stretched my lips, my throat, my ability. I sputtered and gagged on his cock, but I kept up with him. 

"Uhhh here comes baby," he warned as his shaft started to throb in me and I felt his cum shoot against my throat. He pulled out and rammed back in so I could taste his salty seed. I swallowed all I could, but it leaked out of my lips and down his shaft. His body tensed and raised up off the bed with an uncontrolled groan as he shot inside me. 

"Yes baby, yes. I love you," he said and gripped a fistful of my hair as he finished inside me. 

"Huhhh," he moaned and sank back against the mattress as his sated cock sat thick and rigid in my mouth. I slurped on him a few more times. I gripped his shaft and pumped it as his body bucked and twisted with that after-finish sensitivity. He laughed and tried to squirm away from me as I milked the remains of his offering. 

"Mmmm," I praised. I let it go and the thick monster slid out of my lips. I slurped up the missed seed and licked his cock clean. 

"Thank you, cock," I said and kissed the tip. Amir laughed and brought me up to snuggle with the last of our free seconds before Emerson would come back. 

A knock at the door roused us. Amir shoved his cock back inside his shorts and pretended to still be asleep. He gave my hole one last strum of appreciation and then squeezed my cheek. 

"Boys, it is time," Mr. Hamad's voice called from their bedroom. He knocked once more and then opened the door to find us cuddled together in my small bed, both pretending to still be asleep. 

"Kasper, little one, it is time," Mr. Hamad said and came towards the bed. I pushed up off Amir's chest and looked at him with feigned sleepy eyes. I added a yawn for good measure, but then realized I probably still had some of Amir's seed on my lips. I quickly swiped my tongue across but only tasted my skin. 

"Yes sir, I'm coming," I said and sat up. My cock had gone down enough to get up. I crept across Amir's chest, he pretended as though it hadn't awaken him. I got up and realized I only had on a tank top and some briefs. Mr. Hamad noted me with a smile. 

"Good, Emi gets anxious when things don't go according to time. He has a schedule worked out for you and it must be kept. Shower quickly. He is preparing protein shakes for breakfast so you can eat in the car." Mr. Hamad kissed my forehead and then patted my back as I went off to shower. 

+++ 

The photoshoot was on the grounds of the old Arabian palace. It was a museum now and the old fountains and courtyards had been preserved. The guide told us it was built over a thousand years before. It sat on a sandy cliff overlooking the sea. We found the crew setting up in the visitor's center. I was happy when they told us we were early and would have to wait. The Hamad family guard who kept a watchful eye over Emerson translated for him. 

Caterers were the next to arrive. Emerson had booked them. He wanted the crew to see the full hospitality of the Satran people. He directed them to set up a table and they quickly filled it with an endless amount of fruit, salads, and local snacks for everyone to enjoy. Emerson got us cups of the cucumber juice. He signed that it was his own personal recipe and packed with nutrients. 

The stylists showed up and they whisked me off to get ready. I was to model a few outfits and a line of jewelry. The creative director showed me the two other models who would be with us. It was a beautiful girl from India and a light-skinned American boy whose mother also sold products from the catalog. He was similar in height to me, but was much bulkier and definitely straight with flaming red hair and a smatter of freckles across his cheeks. He was picking through a plate of snacks when the director gathered us. 
