 I met Walt a few months back at the local park. We have been running together and became acquainted with each other more and more every time we ran. 

He was newly divorced and I think he was alittle jealous of my 15 year marriage working out so well.

You see Walt had only been married for a year when he found out his wife was seeing another guy. Some asshole at work. That realy tore Walt apart.

Anyway, I had mentioned after a run one day that I was into kayaking. Walt said he had always wanted to try. I had an old kayak he could use I told him. With that in mind we agreed to meet the following Saturday morning.

The sun was shining that morning as I got the kayaking gear together and met Walt down by the lake. He was in an unusually loose pair of running shorts and a t-shirt. 

He told me he hadn't worn any underwear because of some chaffing from running to much. I understood. I had done the same on occasion.

As we got underway Walt got the hang of it easily. After awhile of paddling through a series of narrow, shallow canals, way out of the way, Walt wanted to stop to catch his breath, You see it was mid-July, and in south Florida it was hot and humid by 9:00 in the morning. I think we both needed a break.

We both paddled to shore and pulled our kayaks up on the beach and dove in the water. Damn it was refreshing. We swam around a bit and got out. That's when I first noticed Walt in a different eye.

Up until then I wouldn't have even given a guy a second look, but you see the loose running shorts he had worn were wet and against his thigh. Not that I was looking, but I couldn't help but notice the outline of his cut cock. Damn, I bet this guy could satisfy the ladies. 

There wasn't much of a view around us. Just alot of scrub palms and the narrow canal we came down. 

Well, anyway, as we started talking about different things, women and such I saw the outline of his cock again. 

I was sitting in the sand and Walt had pulled over a kayak sitting on it's side. 

Then the inevitable happened. Walt caught me looking at his crotch. He had been moving his legs back and forth in front of me about 10 feet away. Walt was talking, but I didn't hear him. I looked up and he was looking back into my eyes.....busted!

He didn't say a word about it, and I tried to play it off. He kept on talking about an old girl friend or something. I was oblivious to what he was saying by now.

By now his hardening cock had inched it's way down his open shorts, and his head was in view.

What really sealed my fate was when Walt leaned back on the kayak and using his left hand pushed his cock down the left leg of his shorts. 

Walt then asked if I was into porn. I told him I had seen a few videos and read a couple of stories. He asked which ones I liked. I said I liked fucking and lesbian flicks. 

I again noticed he was rubbing on his cock. I was rubbing mine now too. He asked if I liked cock sucking videos. I said I sure did, and that some of the women were real good. 

Then my world changed forever. Walt then lifted up and pulled back his shorts and exposed about half of his cock to me and asked if I had ever thought about sucking a cock.

By now I was shaking like a leaf, but couldn't look away from his hardening shaft. That cockhead was huge. 

With that, he stood up, shed his shorts and walked over to me standing above me briefly, then knelt down and pushed me backward onto the sand and lowered his hard cock to my face. 

I had fantasied about sucking a cock for awhile, but never thought it would be like this.

Walt was now sitting on my chest with a knee on either side of my head waving his cock above my face.

Then he methodically began softly slapping my face with his swollen cock getting closer and closer to my mouth.

After rubbing it across my lips I instintively opened my mouth and felt him push the head as it passed through my lips. Inch by inch he pushed more of his cock in and out of my mouth. I knew what he wanted and closed my mouth around his beautiful cock. 


I was (we were) in heaven. I soon tasted his pre cum. It tasted alot like my own.

In and out he went. Deeper and deeper. After about 10 minutes I felt his cock swell even more and I knew what was about to happen.

Walt shot his load straight down my throat, almost gagging me, then pulled out so I could taste his cum with ease. 

He kept on stroking his load into my mouth. I loved it.

Having his hard cock in my mouth and feeling it swell right before Walt came was reward enough for me.

I felt his hands running through my hair as I washed his cock with my mouth....stay tuned for Walt's reciprocation.........