 It had been a while since I had been at the spa and I wanted to make an impression. I had contacted a few tops and had told them of my idea of putting on a show and they, collectively, agreed. So here I was making a 2.5-hour drive so that I could get my groove on!

While I had parked my car and walked across the street, I imbibed in a bit of a joint and by the time I had climbed to stairs was getting the relaxed and sexy feeling one gets from the strain I had grown. I grabbed my key and towel; not that I used it, and found a locker to put my stuff in. shoes, pants and shirt off and I was ready to cruise. 

Now I had been here before and knew my way around so the first stop always is the slurp area and that is where I found two of the tops I had contacted. My first reaction was to caress both of their cocks through the towels they had on. The response from them was what I was looking for, a "hello son" and the slight but ever insistent push down on my shoulders. As I fell down to my knees I took the nipple of one and gave it a little tug and got an appreciative groan from him, the other had his towel parted and I took his rather large cock in my hand and swirled my tongue around his head. This cock has owned me in so many ways and I can make him cum quicker than he likes so he pulled me off his cock and pushed me over to the other, not so small, friend. 

This one belonged to a newer acquaintance and I was still figuring how to get him to cum in the minimum number of minutes. He was a powerfully built, not too tall man with an impressive 7.5 inch cock that had to be 6 inches around, he loved for me to deep throat him and, to tell you the truth I loved sucking his cock. It was just a bit too long and a bit too wide but that made it just so much fun to take in my mouth. When he got in all the way down my throat the air was cut off and forced me to breathe through my nose, something that centred me and made me focus on the task at hand-sucking his cock until he came in my mouth. I left him in my throat and started humming a bit just to give some vibration around his thick pole stuffed but not moving in me. This caused him to start moving but instead of pulling back he pushed forward and was fucking my throat and pushing my nose into his groin, all the while I and both of my hands full, one of the cocks was my owner and the other was just some random guy with a very large and very thick cock.

I had given full attention to the cock in my throat and he did cum in me but pulled out after the first spasm and covered my face in his ejaculate. One down. My owner quickly claimed my mouth and he, within moments, was depositing his load in me. Two. Before he pulled out of me, my owner had told me to get another two loads and then we could go to the back room and put on a show. I looked for the thick guy but he had wandered off so I obediently swallowed two men to completion. Three and four.

I am a submissive bottom and will always obey my owner but I also am a bit of a slut and need to get some of my own satisfaction, something just for me and not because I was told too. I wandered around for ten minutes, sucking random cocks and eating the ass of a rather beautiful man I had sucked off on my last visit. Five six and seven. 

During the loop through the rooms section of the spa I had found where my owner was and stopped to give him another blowjob, he wanted the door open and my ass out for anyone to use. It only took a minute before there was a hand sliding over my cheeks and parting them. I heard the snap of a lid and felt the cool lube sliding down the cleft of my ass, all the while my owner and he were carrying on a conversation about how good my ass was. He took his time and worked the lube into me with his fingers, getting two and then three deep in my ass, stretching it open and putting more lube in. all the will I was giving my owner a blowjob to remember, wet and sloppy with all sorts of slurping and gagging. It was on one of the down strokes on his cock that the man behind me pushed his cock in me. My god did I see stars! This was a log that was being pushed in me and like the slut I am just loved it. I almost forgot the cock in my mouth and started to focus on getting all of this big ass cock in me. 

I would be lying if I said that he was an easy fit but with the desire to please both of the men that were using me and the bottle of poppers my owner had he did get fully in me. Poppers are the universal slut maker and boy do I respond well to them. The bottle was pressed under my nose and I took my fill of them and then a bit more. 

That familiar hole opened in front of me and I fell into it holding on to the sensation of a cock in my mouth and worked it like it was my job all the while knowing that my backdoor was getting pushed open and a large visitor was coming in. I am a good multitasker and while continuing the blowjob started helping the guy to get fully locked into me. I bent my knees to give him a different angle and then pushed back to get all of him in me. He was so big he got to a place inside me that I only get to with my dildo and did it ever feel great. He stayed there for a few beats until I got used to him but at the same time my owner was cumming in my throat and I was shaking so he took that as a signal to start his assault on my hole. The bottle came out again and my owner made sure I was totally in the "pig zone" as he called it. He fed me those poppers and pulled my soft cock far from my body. He has trained me to never get hard while I am in the zone but to focus on whatever cock or cocks were pleasing themselves and to give them the best fuck a boi could give. 

Well here I was with my face in my owners crotch and my ass out the door with a very large cock fully lodged in it. My body was twitching to get fucked and the guy behind me took hold of my hips and started to pull out a bit, all the while pouring more lube down the space between us. He pushed back and then shoved a bit more, opening that door deep inside me and staying there. He knew what he was doing and he knew he was going to get a good fucking from me. My ass opened up and I started to wiggle on his cock, slow languid circles and tiny pullbacks. I was using his cock as a personal fuck toy and I could tell he liked it. The more I moved the more he moaned and soon he was starting his own motions, tiny sawing slides and then a deep push.

We kept these up as long as my legs held out and then I had to move but never pulled him out. We just sort of twirled around and soon had him sitting on the bed beside my owner. This motion caused him to go deeper in me and that was wonderful, my cock jumped a bit and oozed cum from a hands free orgasm. 

I took a second to come floating back to earth and then started to fuck his cock like it was the only one in the world. With my feet on the floor and my hands on his thighs I raised up and sat down until I got the rhythm going and then bounced on that gorgeous fuck pole like a tramp, like a slut, like a fuck boi; all of which I am. This guy knew what he had and let me have my way with him for a bit, he had both of my nipples twisted and pulled on them causing me that beautiful sexy pain that all subs live for. There was more ooze from my cock, enough to become another source of lube as it dribbled between us. This was when he stopped my bouncing and pulled out. He spun me around while standing up and had me on my knees with my ass up in the air. Without missing a beat he was back in me balls deep and starting using me for his pleasure now. I had thought he was deep and thick before but being down like a dog opened me and I let out a bit of a groan, which only caused him to pusher harder and use longer strokes. At this point my owner put not only his cock but also the bottle in my face and I did double duty. Sucking him deep while getting a full dose of poppers and with a big fucking cock in my ass was nirvana!

I bobbed on his cock sucking him until he came down my throat again and focused on the fucking I was getting from the other end. I thought I had been bobbing on my owners cock but in reality it was the reaction to the full-length strokes going in my ass. I could tell he was waiting for me to get a mouthful and when I did get my reward he went to town on my ass. He was thoughtful but not overly caring. He used the entire length of his cock and it was long; long enough to get to those places that itch but rarely get tickled. I could feel is head popping in and back out, teasing me, causing me to open like a flower and then going balls deep in one long steady slow push. He bottomed out and pulled back but this time he stepped up his assault and used me truly for his own pleasure. 

I do not know if anyone can relate to that feeling when a man takes control of your body and only cares about his own pleasure or when you realise that he is the only reason for your existence and you want nothing more than to please him but that was where I was mentally. I fucked his cock, he fucked my ass and we fucked each other until he dumped a load in me that I could feel spurting in me. I was in a blissful state. Eight and nine.

Collectively we went to the showers and washed each other, well I washed them as the thank you for a good time. After drying them off I took another tour of the spa and found the back room after servicing another cock in the slurp area, he was a bit forceful and I did not finish him off but left for the back. It was in the back room that I put on the show for all to see, I climbed on the lounge area and hung my head off the edge. I said in a loud voice that I was a cocksucker and wanted to suck cock.. I hung my head back and took the first of many cocks in my mouth. I have no idea how many I sucked but they all came in me. There was one guy who had hold of my ears and used my throat like a pussy fucking it as if it there was no tomorrow. Am not sure if it was the guy from the slurp area but it sort of turned me on and I grabbed his ass cheeks pulling him deep in me and let him have his way. I swallowed him and said thanks as he walked away on shaky legs. 

My owner and the guy with the log for a cock were close by and I gave them a bit of a suckle for a while, my owner was spent and the other was too large for my mouth to go deep but I offered him my ass again and he sank himself all the way down for all to see. We fucked for what seemed like forever but was closer to twenty minutes and I did get one more cock to suck before reluctantly had to leave. I did get the name of that wonderful cock owner and we are planning our next visit.

All in all a get time was had and I got to not only swallow at least 15 loads but also got the most fantastic fucking in years with a promise for a repeat, albeit in private this time. If you ever go to a bathhouse in Toronto and see a guy in tall socks sucking cock, step up and let me swallow you as well.

I am a cocksucker and am shameless about it!