 I am currently married and have two kids. Although I have been straight all of my life, I do confess to occasionally fantasizing about having sex with a man. I have never done this but came close on two occasions, both times with the same guy, my roommate from college, Phil. Phil and I roomed together in college for close to four years and were very close as friends. Once I had come home late and had forgotten my keys. I rang the bell and Phil opened the door while standing behind it. As I came through the door and he shut it, I turned around and saw that Phil was naked. (We both slept in the nude). Although it was dark, I noticed that he had a huge hard-on and imagined that I must have interrupted his masturbating. He went right back to bed and I went to my room, shutting the door. I couldn't get the image of his cock out of my mind. I could still see it, standing straight out, hard as a rock, at least 8 inches. The rest of the night, I jerked my self off, thinking about Phil's cock. 

The other time, we were both very high and were smoking a joint. It was a hot night and we were both only wearing gym shorts. As I looked over at Phil, I saw that his cock was dangling outside of the leg of his shorts. At that time, all I could think of was reaching for that cock and sucking it down my throat. I thought about how good his cock would taste and feel. I didn't do anything, but have thought about that night many times over the years.

After college, I moved back to New York, and lost touch with Phil. About a month ago, I found out that I would have to be going to L.A. on business. I decided to give Phil a call and maybe get together when I was in town. I tracked him down and he was very happy that I called. He said that his wife and kids were out of town that week and that I could stay at his house while I was in L.A.. It sounded like a good idea and I agreed. Phil met me at the airport and we went to his house. He had a great house with an enclosed pool. Phil suggested that I unpack and meet him by the pool. It was a beautiful day and the sun felt great as I stepped outside. Phil was in back with a cooler full of beer and was in the process of rolling some joints. I lay down next to him and we began talking over old times. 

After a few beers and two very powerful joints, Phil and I were getting loose and re-acquainted. We began talking about sex and being married. I noted that sex with my wife was basically good but my only complaint was that I always had to take the lead, that my wife rarely initiated anything and never anything new. "Just once," I said, "I'd like to be completely passive and have someone use me and tell me what to do." Phil laughed and said that his problem was just the opposite, that his wife was completely dominant. " Just once," he said, "I'd like to be the dominant one, I'd like to have someone to use and tell what to do, and I'd definitely like something different!"

At that point, were both pretty buzzed. Phil said that they often sunbathed in the nude and that it felt really good. As he stripped off his suit, I saw that cock again. It was bigger than I remembered and he had no tan lines. I took off my own suit and lay back down. I was laying on my stomach when Phil said that I was going to get a bad burn if I weren't careful. He grabbed a bottle of lotion and began to rub it on my back. Laying in the sun, naked and stoned, I began feeling very relaxed. I closed my eyes, and enjoyed the sensation as Phil slowly rubbed my back. After putting lotion on my back, he began slowly putting it on my legs, carefully avoiding my ass. As he did my legs, I was getting turned on and my dick started getting hard. After finishing my legs, Phil asked if I knew where I really needed the lotion? 

"Where?" I asked.

Instead of answering directly, he lightly brushed his fingers over my ass. "This could really get burned if you're not careful," he said. His fingers felt so good at that point, I didn't want him to stop. "You better put it all over," I said. His fingers began lightly rubbing the lotion into my ass. He put on more lotion and began rubbing more aggressively, getting closer and closer to the crack in my ass. When he reached my asshole, I almost exploded. He rubbed the lotion up and down the crack in my ass making me incredibly horny. He gently inserted his fingertip into my ass and said, " You know, we could help each other out, you want to be dominated and I want to do the dominating," he said. At that point, his finger was sliding in and out of my ass, and, I just wanted more. "How submissive do you really want to be?" he asked. "Completely" I responded. 

"Sit up" he commanded. I sat up in the chair and Phil came around in front of me. He put his hands on my head and slowly began rubbing his hard cock all over my face. His cock was a good eight inches long and five around. As the head of Phil's cock passed over my lips I opened my mouth to suck it in. "Not so fast slut, you'll do what I tell you to do and only that. Do you understand?"

"Yes" I said. 

"Yes Master" he said, "That is if you want to get fucked."

" I want to get fucked master" I said. "Stick out your tongue" he commanded. I did as Phil said and stuck out my tongue. He began rubbing that big cock all over my face and tongue. His cock was getting harder and wetter as it slid over my tongue. " You look great with a big dick in your face" he said. With that, he held my head and began slowly sliding that big cock in and out of my mouth. I loved the taste of his cock as it filled my mouth. It slid all the way to the back of my throat and then he slowly withdraw it. Phil looked down at me and said in his normal voice " Are you sure that you are in to this?" I was so turned on at that point that I just looked up at him and said "Anything you want master."

"Then lick my balls" he said. I held his dick in my hand and ran my tongue down the length of his dick. I licked his hairy sack and sucked his balls into my mouth one at a time. His dick felt red hot in my hand and seemed to be throbbing. I put his dick back in my mouth and tasted his pre-come leaking from the tip of his dick. Phil began pumping my mouth faster and faster. "I 'm going to fill your mouth with come slut " he said. I squeezed his balls and Phil exploded in my mouth. 

His big dick seemed to get bigger as his first shot of come went right down my throat. I loved the taste. I managed to take the first few shots in my mouth and then his dick slipped out of my mouth. He continued to spray my face as he came. I had come all over my face and dripping down my chin. I took his cock and put it in my mouth and sucked it until it was soft. Phil withdrew his flaccid cock from my mouth and rubbed it all over my face. " You really are a great cocksucker, slut, but you need to learn to take my whole load down your throat." 

(Let me know if you'd like to hear more! Hope you enjoyed!) 