 Keith and I grew up in the same area of neighborhoods. We always knew of each other but it wasn’t until high school that we actually started hanging out together. During our sophomore year we got to a point that we were inseparable. The rest of high school we did everything together – going to parties, going on double dates, planning our futures, etc. When we graduated, we did just as we had planned. We both went to different colleges, got good jobs, and married. The only difference was that I had my 2 children – he didn’t yet. Roughly 10 years went by before we found each other living in the same area again. Once we found this out, we were inseparable again. Our wives ended up getting along great, so we got to spend many weekends together. This weekend in particular, his wife had to leave on a business trip and my wife was taking the kids to visit her parents. I had to work on Saturday so Keith and I decided we would hang out that night. After work, I got a shower and stopped for a case of beer on my way to his house. We ordered pizza and immediately started drinking. As we started on the second 12, Keith asked if I would like to watch some porn.

“Sure, why not?” I said, laughing.

“Well,” Keith said, “the wife & I belong to a video club. If you order so many movies, they send you a freebie. The last time we got some there was a freebie in it that I’m not sure about.”

“What do you mean?”

“Well…..I think this one might be a gay video.”

“Really!” I said, laughing.

“Yeah……..you want to check it out?”

“Ok…….whatever.”

Keith got up, disappeared into their bedroom, and came back with a cassette. He popped it in the machine, pressed start, and sure enough, it was. There was scene after scene of guys sucking and fucking other men. At about the 4th scene, one man was sucking on another man’s cock and enjoying it very much.

“Hmmmm….” Keith said. “That guy seems to be enjoying what he’s doing.”

“Yea he does,” I said, as I took another drink and shifted in my seat. My dick was starting to get hard and it was uncomfortable rubbing against my jeans.

“Damn………sorry, man, but I got to,” I hear from Keith as he unzips his pants. “I don’t know why but my dick is hard as a rock. Maybe it’s the thought of someone sucking on my shit as enthusiastically as this guy is.”

“I hear you,” I say, unzipped my jeans. “wish the wife was that thrilled with it.”

As we both started laughing, I looked over at him. His head was sticking out of the top of his underwear. He wasn’t kidding about being hard, I could see the outline of his shaft.

“Ok, this isn’t going to work……I must release the ‘beast’”. He stood up, took off his pants and sat back down. Now I could see the whole outline of his shaft . He seemed to have about as much as I do.

Keith, who sees my head sticking out of my boxers, looks at me and says, “Dude, aren’t your jeans killing you?”

“Yea, it’s a little uncomfortable.” 

“Well take ‘em off, man. There’s no one around but me and obviously I don’t care.”

I glance over at him and he is slowly rubbing his cock through his underwear.

“Well…. Ok.” I say as I stand up and pull off my jeans.

“You know, I’ve never thought about this before but, I bet a man could suck a mean dick. I mean, hell, if you’ve got one you know what feels good, right?”

“Well…I guess so.” I reply.

“I bet I could suck a man’s dick and he’d love it.” he said, still rubbing himself.

“Really? You’d suck a man’s dick?” I asked.

“Well…….it would have to be someone I knew and trusted but, yeah, I think so.”

“Man, your crazy.” I said as I shifted in my seat. 

“Crazy? I’ll show you crazy.” he said as he got on his knees on the floor in front of me.

“Dude, what are you doing?” I asked as I felt his hands on my boxers.

“Just relax. This is just fun between friends, right?”

“Uuummm……”

He leans forward and starts running his tongue around my swollen head. His hands pull my boxers down so he can grab my shaft. He feels me tense up and says, “Relax man, it’s me, your friend of how many years? You’ll like this.” I can feel his lips on my head. Slowly he starts bobbing up and down, his tongue swirling around. 

“If you want more, you need to lift your ass.” Without thinking, my ass comes off the couch and he pulls my boxers off. Now my rock hard cock and my balls are in plain sight for him. 

“Damn, man, you’ve got more dick than I do.”

“Really?”

“Yeah, see.” he says as he stands up and pulls off his underwear. His cock is hard and I can see a bit of pre cum glistening on the end. He gets back on his knees, lifts my rock hard cock off my stomach, and slides it into his mouth. With his other hand, he starts playing with my sack. I hear someone moaning and then realize, it’s me!

“See. I told you I could suck a mean dick……..Lift your legs.”

I don’t know why he wants me to lift my legs but I do. I make sure to keep them spread wide so he can still suck me. I glance at the TV screen and there is some man getting a blow job. The “blower” and Keith have the same rhythm going.

“Mmmmmm……”

He takes his hand from my nut sack and runs it up under my shirt. He find a nipple and starts tweaking on it. His mouth is warm and wet, sliding back and forth over my cock. 

“Mmmmm….” I say again.

He takes his other hand from my shaft and starts rubbing my nuts again. Then his finger goes back towards my asshole. He circles it all the while bobbing up and down on my cock.

“Yeah……” comes out from my lips. I can feel my stomach start to get that tickle. “Your gonna make me cum, dude.”

He stops what he’s doing and says with a smile, “We can’t have that yet……” He gets off the floor and gets on the couch next to me on his knees. “You can cum but you have to do it here.” he says as he spreads his butt cheeks with his hands. 

“Oh man, are you sure?”

“Don’t worry, this isn’t my first time.”

I get up and position myself behind him. I take my slick cock and start rubbing his asshole. He moans and says, “That’s it, man. Stick your big, stiff dick in my ass.” I put my cock up to his hole and can feel its tightness. 

“Shouldn’t we have some lube for this?”

“No. I lubed you up plenty, buddy…..Fuck me.”

With a little force I slipped my dick into him. It was so warm and tight. 

“That’s it….fuck me.”

I started into a slow rhythm until he got used to the size of my dick.

“Mmmmmm……yeahhhh…….faster.”

I grabbed his hips and started fucking his asshole faster. Soon we were both moaning .

“That’s it……fuck your ol’ buddy Keith in his ass. Yeahhhhh.”

As I fucked his ass all I could think about was his poor cock standing there with no attention being given to it. I took one of my hands from his hips and reached around him. I found his cock and wrapped my hand around it like it was my own. I started stroking it and soon his hand was on mine.

“Ohhhhh, Yeahhhhh! That’s it…… Yeahhhhh…..YEAHHHHHH……YEAHHHHH!!!”

I feel his asshole start to clench on my dick and his dick start twitching. Then I feel his warm goo start leaking down my hand. It’s all too much for me to handle and I start pumping my load into his ass. Stroke after stroke a shoot my wad. I have never felt so much cum come out of my dick. I pumped him until I felt my dick start to soften. I pulled out of him and stood up. Keith turned around to me smiling.

“Damn, man. That was excellent.”

“I can’t believe we did that.” I said, somewhat blushing.

“Your dick felt good in my ass…….soooo…….how’s my sucking techniques?”

“A lot better than my wife’s.”