 (Note: There is no immediate sex in this chapter. There will be, in following chapters, but I prefer the story to build up to it. Enjoy!) 

***

Kellin:

"David!" I grinned at him as he sat down in the empty chair next to me, looking gloriously perfect in dark jeans and a black hoodie. His jet black hair was perfectly disheveled, and his emerald eyes sparkled. I was greeted by rows of bleach white teeth; his uneven smile made my heart skip. 

Even now, a month after my eighteenth birthday, and the middle of our senior year, I was still helplessly in love with him. I had been for as long as I could remember, and the way he looked at me now, made me shiver.

"Hey, idiot, how've you been?" He leaned over to give me a quick hug, and then continued pulling out his books for class.

"Great. This past week was awesome. You can't say no to vacation. Also," I drew the word out, cutting my eyes at him. "I met a guy that I think you might be interested in." I gave him a wink and he laughed, but it was strained.

"Why are you always trying to set me up with someone else, Kellin? You know I'm with Conner." I sighed and looked away, tapping my pen on the corner of my desk. 

"You know he doesn't treat you right, Davie. You refuse to see it, not matter what the hell he does to you. You always go back to him." I looked over at him and frowned at the expression on his face. "You just need to someone who will take care of you. Treat you right, you know...?" I paused. "Someone like-"

"Alright, class, pencils out," Ms. Hopkins said, walking into class just as the bell rang, and interrupting my almost-confession. I took a deep breath. "Pop quiz."

Groans sounded around the room, and I managed to avoid looking back at David throughout the remainder of the period. My heart thumped against the walls of my chest and I took a couple deep breaths. David didn't need to know how I felt about him. He wanted Conner, not me. He didn't need to know.

***

I sighed and dropped my backpack down on the counter, running my hands over my face and groaning. I needed to stop this... infatuation that I had with David. Just because he was model gorgeous, and sweeter than anyone else I'd ever met, didn't mean that I needed to fall for him... right? I mean, I could find someone else to fantasize about. Not David, and his lithe figure, and the way his perky ass looks when he bends over, and the way his back arches when he stretches... God, what I wouldn't do to run my tongue over those rock hard muscles. I wonder what his full, pink lips would look like, wrapped around my thick, hard-

"Kellin, why do you look like you're going to pass out? You're drooling, honey." I yelped and turned around, holding onto the edge of the counter for dear life.

"M-mom," I laughed nervously and tried to slow my breathing. "I didn't know you were here; you scared the shit out of me." She raised an eyebrow at me, and moved around me to grab my backpack off the counter, setting it in the chair. I swallowed loudly, adjusting my hardening cock. "S-so, um, why are you home so early?" I asked her.

She sighed and started sifting through the mail on the counter. "Your father decided he was going to be sick today. He wanted me to take care of him. God help me, I love that man." Standing up, she came over and wrapped her arms around my shoulders. "Why do you look so down, honey? You know, apart from your little sex fantasy over there." I rolled my eyes and groaned into her shoulder. She rubbed small circles into my lower back and mumbled, "Still in love with David?"

I pulled away from her and turned around, leaning onto the counter for support. "H-how did you know that..? I haven't told anyone." I heard her laugh and she grabbed my hand, turning me back around to face her. 

"Kellin, you're my own flesh and blood. How could I not notice it? The way you look at him, the way you do every little thing he asks. It's amazing he doesn't notice it himself, but then again, he doesn't know you like I do." She cupped my face in her hand and tilted my head up. "I know you love him, but you need to move on, Kel. That boyfriend of his... He loves him more than anything. I can see it in his eyes. You need to find someone else."

I nodded and pulled away from her again, grabbing my backpack out of the chair on her right. "I know, Mom. I've already figured that out. Trust me."

I climbed the stairs quickly, managing to keep it together until the door to my room shut behind me with a small click. I sank to the floor in a small heap and leaned my head back against the wall. I knew I shouldn't be so obsessed with David, but I felt it so hard to concentrate on anything but him and the way his lips brushed together when he said my name. 

I took a deep breath and jumped a little when my phone started ringing. I pulled it out of my pocket and the name on the screen made my heart race. 

"Hello?"

"Kellin? Oh, God, Kel. You have to come over. You have to. Please." His voice shook and I swallowed as quietly as I could.

"Why, David? What happened?" There was a pause as he held his breath, and then his sob made me pull the phone away from my ear.

"Kel, he kissed Sherry. They were making out and I walked in on them and he didn't even apologize-"

"Davie, you have to calm down. I'll be there; give me five minutes."

***

The drive to David's house was longer than I remembered. There were twice as many stop signs, and I managed to get stopped by every single red light possible. When I pulled in the driveway, I was out of my car and knocking on the door within seconds.

The doorknob turned, and the door slowly swung open, revealing David, his hair matted and stuck to his face. Recognition flashed in his eyes when he focused on me, rimmed red and puffy from crying, and his face twisted into anguish.

"Oh, thank God, you're here," he sobbed, and stumbled forward, pulling me into a tight hug. I wrapped my arms around his waist and held him for a second, trying to ignore the feeling of his body against mine. 

"Davie, let's go sit down and you can tell me what happened." 

Once we were situated on the couch, I reached over and grabbed his hand, lacing our fingers together. "Tell me what happened."

He took a deep breath and stared a hole into the carpet, chewing on his lip as he spoke. "After school, I usually drive myself home, but Conner brought me there with him this morning, so I went to go find his car. 

"When I got there, he was in there with Sherry, and I thought they were maybe talking about their project or something, because they're lab partners in Chemistry. But when I got closer, his hand was in her hair and her shirt was half off-" He choked at the memory and his face went blank as he tried to suppress his emotions. "I opened the passenger door and they didn't even notice; they were so absorbed. They didn't stop kissing until I dragged Sherry out by her hair."

I laughed suddenly at the image in my mind and he shot me a guilty smile that quickly faded. I squeezed his hand and he scooted closer, pulling me into another hug. 

"Thank you for being here for me," he whispered. "I don't know what I would do without you." I pulled back from him and gave him a shy smile, which he returned. "You're my best friend, Kel." I grimaced and he frowned at me. "What's wrong?"

"The friend zone," I muttered, and he laughed, dragging me close again. I sucked in a deep breath when his fingertips brushed up under the bottom of my shirt, and goose bumps spread up my back like wildfire. I pulled back and tried to untangle myself from his arms, but he held me tight. 

"David? What are you doing? Let me go," I murmured, gaining enough distance so that I could see his face clearly. His eyes burned into mine and my mouth dried up. "David?"

He mumbled something under his breath, reaching for my face, but I batted his hand away. "What are you doing?" I asked him again.

"You have something..." He trailed off and absentmindedly brushed the corner of my mouth with his fingertips, resting them there longer than necessary. Leaning closer, he gently brushed his lips over my cheek and I froze, holding my breath.

"David...?" My voice shook and my hands were trembling as I raised them to his chest, preparing to push him off of me.

"Kellin, I should've..." He trailed off again and sighed under my breath.

"David, will you please let me go? I don't enjoy you teasing me like this." I pushed gently on his chest, but he didn't budge.

"No," he muttered, and tilted his head to the side. 

I saw it coming before my mind could register his actions. When he pressed his lips against mine, I let out a breath into his mouth and my head spun. His lips were softer than I could've imagined, and his fingers tangled into my hair and pulled me closer. My hands, still lying on his chest, fisted in the fabric of his shirt and dragged him up against me. 

Our lips moved together slowly, and his tongue flicked out and ran along the length of my lower lip. I opened my mouth and ran my tongue across his, sliding my hands up to the sides of his face and running them through the silky strands of hair at the nape of his neck.

Reluctantly, I pulled back, gasping as I tried to catch my breath. I looked at him questioningly. "David, what was that about?"

He smiled at me and leaned forward to kiss me again, running his fingertips up my jawline. "I've wanted to do that for so long," he breathed into my mouth, his breath sweet. My heart jumped at his words and I couldn't stop the smile that spread across my face.

"Have you really?" I asked, breathless. My mind couldn't wrap around the fact that he'd thought of me the same way I'd thought of him. 

He nodded and kissed me again, lips more urgent. I kissed him back gently, but pulled back and patted his chest. 

"I need to get home, Davie... Can I call you?" He nodded again, smiling his uneven smile that made my heart skip. I kissed him again and stood up, holding his hand.

He walked me to the door and smiled at me. "Call me, okay? I hate that you're leaving even now..." 

I grinned and squeezed his hand. "I will. I promise."

***

David:

When Kellin hugged me, it took everything I had not to kiss him there and then. He was so sweet, and so cute it made my heart skip. His long blond hair hung in wavy tresses down to his shoulders. His sculpted, muscular shoulders. God damn, what I wouldn't give to have a body like his. When he moved, his muscles seemed to ripple, like water. Fluid, liquid, pale perfection. His blue eyes were deeper than the depths of the ocean, and they held so much promise. So many secrets that I begged to know.

As I shut the door behind him, I leaned my forehead against it and let out the breath that I'd been holding. What had I just done? Yeah, Conner had kissed Sherry, so I had every right to kiss Kellin, but the way he looked at me when I held him... 

I shook my head, trying to clear my thoughts, and I went to the kitchen to grab a bottle of water. My phone rang, just as I finished my first sip, and I smiled to myself, expecting Kellin's name to flash up on the screen, but when I grabbed it off the counter, Conner's smiling face shone back at me. I froze.

The last thing that I'd said to him was, "I hate you," and now he was calling me? My hand shook as I held the phone to my chest. Did I still feel anything for him? I needed to find out.

"Hello?" I asked hesitantly. I tried to make it sound like I was otherwise involved, but I just came out sounding like a desperate twelve year old girl. I inwardly cringed.

"David, baby?" His voice was smooth in my ear; like velvet and silk. I took a deep breath to help calm my nerves, but it didn't do much.

"What do you want, Conner? I wasn't expecting your call," I quipped, sounding bitter. His low laugh sounded in my ear, breathy and sexy. What the fuck was he laughing about? He had no right to fucking laugh!

"I just wanted to hear your voice, baby. You sounded so angry before. You're sexy when you're angry, baby boy," he drawled. I could practically see him flicking his tongue over his lips.

"I don't know what to say to you, Conner. You kissed Sherry, and you acted like you didn't even care that you did it..." I clenched my free hand into a fist and slammed it down on the counter in front of me. He was breaking me apart, and I knew it was only a matter of seconds until I succumbed and crawled back to him.

"She came onto me, baby. I tried to push her away, but she wouldn't give up. It was only a kiss, baby. It meant nothing to me. You know you're the only one I want in my bed." 

I made a small noise that sounded like a whimper, and dropped my head down onto the counter, pressing the phone tighter to my ear. "Conner, I kissed Kellin... He was taking care of me after what you did, and I couldn't help it... I'm sorry..."

He laughed low in my ear again, and I could hear him taking a drag of his smoke. "Baby, it's alright. I deserved it. How was he? I bet his lips were soft, weren't they, baby?" I grunted in approval and I could hear his smile through the receiver. "Why don't you head on over to my place? Don't forget the lube, baby. I couldn't get your face out of my mind all day today."

"I'll be there in ten," I muttered and hung up, throwing my phone down on the counter and running my hands down my face. Fuck it. I ran up to my room and grabbed the bottle of lube and a few condoms, shoving them into my pockets, then running back downstairs and grabbing my keys off the counter. At least I'm getting laid, I thought, and slammed the door behind me on my way out.

***

Kellin:

I couldn't help the smile on my face as I walked in the front door. David fucking Smith just made out with me on his living room couch. Me.

I laughed aloud and my mom appeared out of nowhere, a strange look on her face. "What's got you all smiles, lover boy?"

I laughed again and shrugged my jacket off, putting it on the back of the chair. "David kissed me, Mom. And guess what he said? Just guess."

She smiled and straightened her shirt. "What did he say, baby?"

I smiled at the floor, watching my toes wiggle in excitement. "He said he'd wanted to kiss me for so long. Mom, I don't think I've ever been happier in my life." I saw her feet and felt her arms wrap tightly around me. 

"Kel, that's wonderful. I'm so happy for you," she breathed into my ear. I smiled wider and hugged her back.

"I know, Mom. I feel like my heart's going to explode." She laughed at me and hugged me tighter for a second, before letting me go. 

"Come on," she said, grabbing my hand and dragging me to the kitchen. "Come help me with dinner."

***

After dinner, I plopped down on my bed and stared at the phone in my hands. I wanted to call David, but I was scared that he'd think I was desperate. But he'd told me to call, right? And he'd said he didn't want me to leave...

I swallowed my nerves and dialed his number, switching the phone on speaker and setting it on the bed beside me. 

After a few seconds, he answered hesitantly, and he sounded winded. "Um... Hey, Kel..." I smiled at the sound of his voice and took a deep breath to calm myself before I melted into a puddle of lovesick teenage boy.

"Hey, Davie, you told me to call, so... Here I am." I laughed nervously, and quickly quieted when the only thing I heard was the sound of his heavy breathing.

"Yeah, um... Kel, this isn't the best time right now..." 

"What do you mean?" I tried to keep my voice from shaking as I balled my fists in my lap.

"I'm kind of busy..." He trailed off and I held my breath. There was movement and a quiet voice came from the background of wherever David was. "Baby, you should come back to bed. The lube is getting cold."

I gasped at the sound of Conner's voice, and covered my mouth, tears quickly filling my eyes and spilling over onto my cheeks. "W-what..."

"Kellin, I'm sorry... I couldn't help myself; he called and I... Kel, I'm in love with him. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have kissed you. It was a mistake."

"What the fuck?" I said loudly, my anger surprising the both of us.

"Kel, I'm sorry. You gotta believe me."

"No. Fuck that, I've been in love with you for five years, and you kiss me, knowing you're just fucking with me? What the fuck is your problem?" My voice sounded stronger than I felt, and pride flashed through my stomach as I realized I was actually sticking up for myself. 

"Kellin, listen to me-"

"No, man. Fuck you, alright? When I hang up I want you to delete this number and don't bother talking to me at school. You've chosen, David. I hope you fucking regret it."

"Wait! Kel, just-" His voice cut off when I ended the call, barely containing the sobs that wracked my body. 

I needed to get out. Fuck, did I need to get out. I buried my phone under my pillow and left it there, grabbing my keys off of my nightstand and bolting down the stairs to my car. 

I didn't know where I was going, and I didn't care. I just needed to get away from it all. From that phone, and that house. This neighborhood. From him.