 My name is Ken. I live in a small town south of Dallas. It's real conservative cause most of us have been "born again." I'm 20 years old and I have a story that I think ya'll will enjoy hearing. Before I start I want to make one thing clear. I ain't no fag! I hate fags and queers. But as one of my clients likes to say "circumstances have brought me to my knees."

I'm a big guy. I'm 6'4", weigh 240 pounds and I'm cut like a rock. I used to play football in high school. I thought it would be my ticket out of here, but two things happened. One is I tore my knee something awful my senior year. Two is that I'm "dumb as a stump" as my daddy used to say.

I remember people saying I was borderline artistic when I was younger. Since I couldn't draw I didn't understand what they was saying. Turns out they was saying I was borderline autistic. So I'm not too smart and no school wanted to take a chance on a dumb kid with a busted knee. 

After graduation me and my girl, Coby, thought about getting married. I wanted to get married since we'd never had sex. Sex is for married folks I've been taught. Even jerking off is sin. Did you know that? I was taught that in Sunday school. 

After graduation Coby left me when she found out I wasn't going to the big school in Austin. She broke my heart, but I'll show her.

Anyway, after graduation I got a job at the big sporting goods store up the road from my house. It wasn't what I wanted but at least they were paying me almost $7 an hour!

One day I was stocking shoes when I saw Leif come into my section. Leif is a gay name isn't it? Well Leif was kind of faggoty but he was our kicker and a soccer player and he was a good one. He was playing soccer at some Division II school north of Dallas.

"Kenny! My man what's up," Leif said, really happy to see me.

"Not much Leif. What's up?" I asked.

Turned out Leif was looking for a jock. I showed him where to look.

"Dude, I don't think any of these would be big enough for your giant cock," Leif laughed.

I gave him a strange look. I guess my dick was pretty big. I never measured it since it's against the Lord's law to touch yourself that way.

"I bet you're fucking lots of Dallas girls here huh?" he asked with a big smile.

Truth was I had never fucked any girls. 

"I'm a virgin Leif. It's God's will," I said.

Leif laughed and said "Whatever dude! You're wasting that huge dick!"

Leif said he had to go but got my cell phone to call me later.

I was surprised later that day when Leif called me. 

"Hey K-Man I'm still in the area. I was gonna hit the gym. You can use my guest pass if you want," he offered.

I agreed to meet him. I loved working out. I loved being huge and cut. Since I couldn't play ball, I considered becoming a body builder so I shaved my body and competed in a few amateur events. Momma said I was going to get hairier than a bear.

Hanging out with Leif was OK. Afterwards we headed to his car and he invited me to go to the quarry to have a few beers. 

While we were there he was telling me about how he was banging some professor at school and she was dropping all sorts of cash on him. I told him I was broke and was saving up for a car so I wouldn't have to ride the bus or walk so much.

Leif licked his lips and got a weird look on his face.

"K-Man I know a way you could make an easy $50," he said.

"How?"

"Let me play with your cock for 10 minutes and I'll give you $50," he said.

"Hell no! I'm no fag!" I said.

"Dude neither am I! I'm getting more pussy then ever! Believe me. But I'm just fascinated by your dick. It's huge and I just want to see how big it gets hard," he said.

I told him that God says dicks are not for pleasure but for making babies.

"Are you going to enjoy it if I play with you're dick?" he asked.

"Uh, no," I said getting confused. "I'm no fag!"

"Well then it's not a sin right?" he said.

I thought about it for a second and realized that it would take me nine hours to make $50 at work!

I drank the last of my beer and slightly nodded. He came up to me and loosened the drawstring on my shorts. He was breathing really hard.

He pulled my shorts and whities off all together as he got on his knees. 

Leif just stared at my cock. Then he did something really weird. He put his nose next to it and took a big whiff. It had to smell something rancid as I hadn't bathed since that morning and we had worked out. But Leif acted like he was smelling poesies.

Leif then reached down and started squeezing his dick.

"Leif that's a sin!" I warned him. He just laughed at me.

Leif put his hand around my dick and started to slowly stroke it. For some reason my dick started to get really hard. The tip began to glisten in the moonlight like there was dew drops on it.

Leif moaned out loud.

"Dude you're dick has to be like 10 inches long and thick as a beer can!" he said.

Then Leif started to really stroke my dick in his hand. He was stroking his own dick too. It was small from what I could tell. 

All of a sudden my knees started to buckle. It felt like I was going to explode!

Suddenly Leif stopped. His dick started shooting off white cream that landed all over my shoes.

"Dude, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to cum on your shoes," Leif said.

"What is that?" I asked.

Leif laughed at me. Hard. 

"You've never jerked off? You've never cum? That's jizz dude! Cum."

I remembered finding something like that in my underpants when I would wake up when I was younger.

I didn't care. My dick was still semi hard. Leif got a phone call and kind of forgot about my dick. I put it back in my shorts.

"Hey dude, that was my cougar. She wants me to fuck her tonight. Can I give you a ride somewhere?" he said as he handed me a crisp $50.

I asked Leif to take me back to the sporting goods store so I could take the bus home.

As he dropped me off he said that anytime I wanted $50 I should call him. I didn't think much about letting Leif touch my dick again, but then I goofed up something awful at the sporting goods store and lost my job.

The only other job I could find was washing cars with the Mexicans. It was hard work and paid less than "minimum wage" which I didn't understand since it was less than minimum.

So when money got real tight I called Leif and bashfully told him I'd like to make some more money.

Leif laughed.

"I was wondering why it was taking you so long to call," he said.

Leif met me at a hotel along the highway to Dallas. He said he wanted more time and privacy.

I hitched a ride to the hotel. Leif seemed pleased to see that I had worked up a sweat. Leif asked me to sit and tell him my story of why I had called.

He seemed disappointed when I told him it was just about money, but he seemed real sorry I had lost my job and was now washing cars.

"That's awful man. Look let me help you out. I'm going to give you $100 but you have to let me have a little more fun," he said.

Even though I was getting paid "off the books" as my boss Mr. Huynh would say, it would take me four days to make that much money. I couldn't say no.

Leif told me to undress. He was only wearing a towel. He dropped his towel and started to stroke his little dick. I just shook my head. He was going to hell according to Pastor Powell!

I pulled my sweaty clothes off as Leif walked up to me with his dick in his hand. 

"You know before we start let me go ahead and pay you," Leif said. He pulled a hundred dollar bill out of his wallet and put it on top of the dresser.

"You're going to let me do whatever I want for an hour ok?" he asked.

"You can't fuck me in the ass and I won't put your dick in my mouth either!" I said.

Leif laughed. "Ok, ok....'

Leif walked up to me and began to kiss and lick my chest. It was smooth since I shaved it and all. He kind of nibbled on my nipples, which felt ok I guess.

He then got on his knees and began to smell my dick again. He gently lifted it and buried his nose in my balls. I was surprised that I was getting hard..

Leif then rolled the foreskin off my cock head and squeezed. A drop of clear fluid appeared. Leif stuck his tongue out and gently licked it off. It felt really good but I couldn't tell Leif!

Next he put my cock head into his soft mouth and started to suck it in. It felt good. Real good. Leif then started to suck and bite the sides like he was eating corn on the cob. He was good at this.

"Leif you some sort of cock sucker?" I asked.

Leif slurped the side of my dick and pulled off my cock.

"No man, but seriously I am totally gay for your dick! It's fucking huge!" he said a little breathless.

I didn't understand what the difference was between gay and gay for one cock, but I didn't care. It felt good so I let him keep being gay for my cock. 

After a few minutes I had to sit down as Leif was making me feel a little dizzy. Leif took the opportunity to push my big dick off and started sucking my balls.

"Dude, your nuts are as big as plums! How do you walk around with this monster cock?" Leif asked.

"I dunno," I said. "I'm so big I never noticed."

After about twenty minutes of sucking my dick, Leif said he had to take a break. We laid down on the bed together and had a beer. Leif said his dick was ready to explode.

"So you've never had sex huh?" Leif asked as he sucked down his beer.

"No, it's a sin!" I tried to explain. I looked down at my dick. It was still a little hard. Leif reached down and started stroking it.

"Dude your dick is so fucking huge that it doesn't get all the way hard!" Leif said.

"Nah," I replied. "I think it's because you're a dude," I said. I told Leif how once when I was helping Rev. Powell's wife hang some Christmas decorations I had seen her panties and my dick had gotten rock hard. Leif laughed. He sure did laugh a lot.

"Whatever dude, I'm going to blow that hog some more. I still have 25 minutes!" Leif said. 

Leif stopped, smiled and then started to kiss me on the neck. He kissed all the way down to my pecs. My pecs are hard too. He licked my nipples and then he kissed all the way down my abs. He seemed to appreciate my hard body because he moaned most of the way down.

Leif started sucking my dick like he was dying of thirst and it was a garden hose! Somehow he worked half my dick into his little fag mouth.

Suddenly I felt my asshole twitch. I had never felt this before. My balls tightened and I started to cum in Leif's mouth. I had never cum before. He tried to swallow my cum but it was too much! It spilled out the sides of his mouth!

Leif was moaning something awful. He reached down and started stroking his own dick. Leif came as soon as he touched it. 

I had had something my momma called "nocturnal emissions." She said it was the devil working his way out of me. Seems like cum would leak out my dick cause that was the same stuff that was leaking out of Leif's fag mouth.

Leif fell next to me on the bed and was trying to catch his breath. His mouth was covered with spit and my cum. After a minute he rolled his tongue around his mouth to try to clean it up. 

Leif collected the cum that had leaked out his mouth with his finger and licked it clean. 

"What does that taste like?" I asked.

"Find out!" he said as he pounced on me and planted a wet kiss on my mouth.

I had never tongued kissed cause it's a sin, but I figured since Leif was a guy it was ok. I opened my mouth and let his tongue in. The cum tasted salty. I wanted to pretend Leif was a girl, but that would have been a sin.

Leif fell besides me again and just smiled.

"That was fucking great man!" he said. He looked at his watch and said he had five minutes left.

"Turn around dude, I wanna play with your ass," he said.

I was nervous but did what he said.

Leif massaged my ass real nice for a few minutes. He was moaning a lot as he did it.

"Ok, I guess times up. Next time I may want you to break me off a piece of that hard ass dude," he said.

I just laughed it off and got my clothes.