 Visiting Lord Kenith had become a different kettle of fish from experiencing the needs of my other three clients.

As a rent boy I had become accustomed to the various types of sexual encounters wanted of me. Most I could go along with but there were a few I declined. That way I could pick my cliental and give my best service to them via what I had to offer.

I must say when I first visited Lord kenith I had that doubt because I was not at all into spanking, at least being on the receiving end. One of my other clients liked me to be the spankee but that was different, because I was the in control. If that is what turned him on so be it, so long as he was just satisfied with fucking me afterwards that was just fine with me.

I had some reservation though when he wanted me to cane him, because he loves to hear the swish of the cane before he felt it across his fat ass. But I just closed my eyes as he counted ten, it was not a pretty site but I could endure that for the money.

But I was well versed and here was a dear old guy, disabled and generally unable to raise an eyebrow in his late seventies, let alone an erection.

So there was I, going for the pain and punishment simply because Kenith got so much joy and happiness from it. That seemed good enough to take him on and I felt I was doing my bit towards the general welfare of the elderly.

Okay that may sound uncouth but think about it - this old guy was in his element and I wanted to give him of my very best. He gushed over my bum, said it was as round and tight as a girl's but with the bonus of something one could enjoy between, and he certainly did that, with all his sniffing and sucking which made it all worthwhile, having to take his spanking, sometimes severe when he was in a certain frame of mind.

But like most things in life, with practice one hardens and so the spanking became standard. . I tightened my rear muscles for the onslaught which Kenith loved me to do, as much as he wanted me to loosen up after each spanking so he could relish my hot spanked flesh. He certainly knew how to sooth the pain into a beautiful numbness with his ardent attentio0n to details, massaging and licking every crook and cranny to his heart's content and all the time, copmpliment8ing me on my gorgeous bottom

He lavished me in jeans and afterwards in my boxer shorts and them he wanted bare ass, with lots of suggestive movement during our session and so today I thought I would give him a special treat.

He welcomed me and , although disabled, he was generally able to walk liberally inside his large home. He asked me to do the usual twist and turn to remind him of my assets and then, to show his approval, he gave me a sharp slap, just a hint of what was to come and I knew just in a matter of minutes he would want me stretched across his lap, with a cushion for comfort, indulging in all the stroking touching of my suitably presented ass in very tight blue jeans.

Then came the change in position after the first ten across my butt (both cheeks) he'd want me on all fours on his bed in order that he could enjoy an extravagant oral exploration of my fresh spanked ass, with all the sniffing, licking and sucking that went with it. And that was so lovely and well worth the sting of a few more well placed spanks on each cheek, he liked to watch it bounce on contact and hear my responses, I didn't have to pretend and make suitable noises as I did with other clients, this was for real because I was actually enjoying something I thought I would not like - and I liked to listen to his sounds of sensual satisfaction too, when, after each short spanking session he would go in, nose first, between my numbed buttocks and lick them all over. He so enjoyed that, the sniffing too, his nose pressed right into my anus which he said was out of this world and was so sorry he was unable to fuck me there.

But he knew all about my work, that I would be well fucked the day after. I told him that Jonathon, my Wednesday client, was extra turned on when seeing my ass was still red as a plum after yesterday's spanking, and the result of that was well enjoyed and made up for anything Kenith was unable to give me.

"So please don't be concerned Kenith" I said (he wanted me to call him that) I am getting my fair share and to make you happy is my prime motive. You have made me realize that a little pain can work wonders sexually and also create a wonderful sensation when you are ready to wank me off as you continue to spank me.

"You amaze me Alex and you are always a delight for me. How did your Monday client go? - I see you were well used if I can put it that way."

Kenith was getting very inquisitive as he rimmed me with his fingers around and around my hole like he wanted to know my pursuits with my other clients. He knew he was the only one who spanked me and was happy with that, he also knew my Monday client was Sam, an African who has a very substantial penis and moved like a dream inside me.

So the day after, having been well fucked doggy fashion and seated across his thighs so he could have a chair fuck I was well and truly opened and stretched but the feeling was really divine and when he left I felt I still had him inside until the following day.

"I am glad you are well treated. I love to sniff you up first thing when you come, prior to the spanking, knowing you had been well fucked the day before. I expect you think that is really kinky Alex?"

I grinned telling him that some of my clients in the past have been much more kinky telling me of how they liked to be turned on and so forth..

He said he was glad and wanted to show me something in the lounge.

"A new luxurious leather bound settee" I said not expecting anything less from this very wealthy guy.

"I bought it with you in mind" he continued with that certain hungry look that said he would soon want my ass again very soon."

"That is so sweet" I returned and there was that slap across my buttocks again, a prelim of what was to come. But what was the settee to do with it as if I didn't know?

"I liked it when I saw it online." he said looking very fruity, feeling me up from behind, I adore when he does that. He makes me feel wanted and I really give it a satisfying wiggle to show him I like. "Those beautifully crafted roundel arms and elaborated cushions were just made for you to relax at my pleasure.". He said.

I knew what he had in mind. He'd want me bent over those arms sure enough.

"They will extenuate your buttocks perfectly for spanking" he said looking flushed and ready to go

"But wait a minute, I have something to show you, let me drop my jeans."

"But I wanted to spank you in jeans" he gasped looking disappointed but then, when he saw what was wearing beneath he was gum struck

I removed the jeans and twisted and swirled for him in a pair of extremely tight fitting black silk tights which I had bought especially for him. I'd fitted them in front of a long mirror ensuring they elaborated my bum in the manner to which kenith had become accustomed, making sure they were properly hitched in the middle so as to create a very sensual and sexy ridge between.

I could see his idea of my bending over the settee in my jeans. It would make for a beautiful presentation for him to enjoy, but now he wanted the thrill of seeing me bent over in my tights. He seemed he wanted to do everything at the same time after I'd stretched over and propped up my rear as high as it could go,.

That is how my Wednesday guy liked it, well positioned for entry, but this was different, geared to Kenith's spanking mode. I have never seen a guy, especially his age, so keen and I certainly reaped the pleasure of all that.

He flung me manually over the edge of the settee and in a moment was kneeling behind, my legs outstretched and his nose between, sniffing, licking and sucking me through my tights.

"You are bloody lovely" he whispered getting his breath before his next move

Then came the first spanks, open handed and across both buttocks simultaneously, firmer than usual, it was as of the tights were bringing out the animal in him and he really enjoyed me that morning.

I was so sore though. He tried to make it alright with lots and lots of gentle massaging with coconut oil afterwards, but feeling myself behind I could tell I had been thoroughly tended.

He said he was sorry but that is what I get for looking so very enticing; "We must try different colours, I bet it looks gorgeous in red. But it looks gorgeous any way, I live and sleep with your ass in mind and can never wait for our Tuesdays.

"Now give me another showing, across the back of the settee this time, nice and high so I can stand behind and enjoy your flavor."

I longed to be all ass for him. I was sore sure enough but the numbness had set in and that was so wonderfully soothing, especially as I get his hands now softy caressing me over and in-between, giving me the most delightful balling. And then; I was feeling his joy and hearing his verbal response as he sucked my cock growing inside his busy mouth which had just been merged in my anus.

It was a delightful and very gratifying suck. I never knew and old guy could suck like that, but still he liked to gently spank me too which was nice, now it had been well anointed in oil.

"When you cum I shall have it in my palm and rub it into your crack, that will be nice, you are so hot there, like you are sizzling, well spanked ass huh?" 

I was into his wanking me though and waited for the climax which was really so stimulating, this guy Kenith did it all for me and I knew I would be his for as long as he wanted my services.

As I came he squeezed my balls and he did what he'd said he would do. I had come in torrents and there was plenty to garnish my ass.

It was so very nice too; he even licked it off and really seemed to enjoy it.

"I have never tasted spunk until I met you, now I just love it, because it is part of you."

We were both done and I was well spanked and gratified. Before I left he said that maybe next time he could use the strap on me. Still feeling the result of his spanking I dithered a bit, wandering how that would be. He assured me he would go easy at first but confessed it would really be so nice to strap my beautiful butt.

Wes shall see...