 For the sake of this story.

My name will be Rohan and my partners name will be Ram.

These events took place back in 2013. 

I used to use an app to join into gay groups and talk to people. I was 18 back then one such day I joined this new group, it was 18+ only. Before this I had only joined gay chats which were pretty much clean, all guys talking about their daily struggles and other issues. 

I joined this group, then texted "Hi, everyone" but no one replied I waited for about 2 minutes then I just closed the app and went about with my day. Later that night people had started chatting in the group, and I started to chat with them as well. It was going well for first few minutes then this guy in the group asked me a question. 

"What's your age and where you from?" he asked.

I replied, "I am 18 and I'm from India." 

"So where from India?" he asked.

"Bangalore," I quickly replied.

"Ohh me too!!" he replied within a second. 

I then received a PM from him. We moved from the group to talk directly in private messages. 

He replied, "My name is Ram. I'm 23 years old and recently moved to Bangalore its been a few weeks." 

We started to exchange a lot of basic information. We texted for like an hour or so.

After a few days or so of texting each other back and forth,

"What do you like to do in bed?" Ram asked.

I replied, "I'm not sure, just the same stuff that everyone else like I guess."

Ram replies, "Lol, I can help you figure out what you like and what you love."

I saw the message, just sat there for a moment deep in my thoughts thinking about getting fucked hard. Just like all the porn actors that I enjoy watching get fucked hard. 

I then quickly replied, "No!! I'm not a slut Ram. I don't even know you. I've never even met you!!" I wanted Ram to ask me out, so badly. I anxiously waited for Ram's reply. 

"Let's meet up then, its Sunday tomorrow." He replied.

At this point I just closed my phone. I'll be honest I was scared. In my head I was like should I go, what if something happened a lot of things went through my mind.

After, 5 minutes of thinking over. I replied, "Okay sure, Where do we meet?" 

Ram replied, "Address to a local coffee place lets meet here at 2 pm."

I replied, "Okay."

I set my phone aside and went to sleep.

The main story begins:

I woke up at 1.04 pm in the afternoon. I got out of bed quickly and when in to take a shower, 10 minutes later got out blow dried my hair. I put on a white T-shirt with a cute lion on it with a pair of black jeans. I was now ready to meet Ram for the first time, never had I even gone out to meet anyone like this. I was scared, excited, nervous all at the same time. 

I took a cab to the coffee place. While on the way there I was thinking it was my first date, I was feeling so shy and anxious. I then arrived right in front of the place, got out of the car. 

I was really scared, I wanted to just go back home but something stopped me and I slowly walked in and as soon as I went in, I saw him! Ram waved his arm at me and I instantly smiled at him.

Ram was wearing a black casual shirt with a skinny jeans and a pair of black shoes. He looked way taller than me. His skin tone was wheatish brown and he had dark black hair. He had a little stubble which looked extremely cute on him.

He looked, "Absolutely dead gorgeous!!" I just stood there for a second.

I then proceeded to walk towards him. I sat down as I smiled and said "Hey!". 

"Hello, I've been waiting here for like 10 minutes now," he said. 

I just pouted slightly and look down at the table and said "I'm sorry I woke up really late" I was not making any eye contact at this point. 

Ram just chuckled and said, "Aww, its okay Rohan. I didn't mean to make you feel so bad about it and any ways you look cuter in real life than in your pictures"

As soon I heard that, my face was basically red as a tomato at this point. Ram got up went to the counter and got two cups of cold coffee and came back and sat down. 

By this point I was trying to settle down, trying to calm my mental self and just normally started to talk to him about his day. As he started to speak, I just looked him in the eye. I just kept staring at him, at this point. I don't know what happened to me I was feeling as though I was in a moment of bliss. His eyes were so beautiful.

Out of no where, "Do you like what you see?" He asked.

I lowered my gaze instantly! and replied "Yes," very softly.

We had our coffee after that we talked for a bit. 

"So, do you want to come to my place now? It's pretty close by." he said.

I didn't respond to that question. I was busy thinking if I wanted to go or not. 

Ram then held my hand gently and said, "If you don't want to go, its okay. Maybe we could hang out more until you are ready."

I replied, "Noo, Its okay lets go."

"Okay, then let's leave." he said, as he left cash on the table for the coffee.

What I look like.

I'm about 5'6 pretty thin but I do have some meat on my butt, my skin is a few shades lighter than brown. I have long straight hair, not messy tho. It was all well kept, combed to the side, almost no body hair as well.

Ram had a car so we went to his place in that.

He then parked the car, got out and pulled out his house keys. I followed him, he opened the door I silently stepped in, I looked around his house which was well-kept. 

Now that I was in the house, I just quietly sat on the sofa.

"Can I get you anything to drink?" he asked,

"No, I'm fine." I said. 

He sat down next to me and switched on the TV in the living room.

I thought this was the time to take the first step and just turned towards him and just kissed him, I guess he didn't expect that.

"Let's move this to the bedroom," he said. After he broke the kiss.

I got up, followed him to the bedroom. 

As we entered the room, I see everything was well-kept its smelled fresh. The walls looked recently painted. The only thing that stood out was the swing hooks on the ceiling. I walked towards the bed and sat down, there was a TV in the room and a medium-sized wardrobe and the doors of the wardrobe were basically a big mirror, Ram opened up his laptop and hooked it up to his small bedroom TV and proceeded to play a porn video.

Ram then turned towards me and stood in front of me, and he leaned in and started to kiss me, he started to put his tongue in my mouth trying to play with mine and exchanging saliva, He tasted minty. He just held my head and broke the kiss and proceeded to remove his shirt.

"Get rid of that shirt!" he said. While undressing in a hurry. 

I quickly got ride of my shirt as well.

He instantly took my shirt from my hands and threw it across the room and pushed me down on the bed, got on top of me and started to play with my nipples, I was going crazy when he started to suck on my nipple and play with the other one with his hand.

After a while he just got up and undid my pants and started to pull on then. I lifted my butt as to assist him in removing my pants. He pulled em with full force and threw them on the floor. I was in my undies now. 

He then pushed down his pant and boxers together, Which revealed his rock hard dick. It looked so big, it was nothing like what I had imagined.

"Play with him a little, please." he said, with a smile.

I sat up and moved closer to the edge of the bed, where he was standing. I slowly wrapped my hand around his dick its was so thick and long, I started to jerk it nice and slow, 

"Ahh go a bit faster, Ahhhh! Your hands feel so soft and warm." he said, 

"What, really?" I asked.

I smiled at him and started to jerk him faster. He was enjoying this a lot. I tried to change things up, used both my hands. Played with his balls as i jerked him off. 

After a few minutes he asked me to let go.

He looked down at me and smiled, he held my head and bought his dick close to my mouth and proceeded to rub his dick on my face.

"Have you ever sucked one before?" He asked, as he rubbed his cock on my face.

I replied "No, softly."

"Okay, let's take this slow then." he said.

"Now open your mouth and listen carefully keep your teeth in okay, don't touch my dick with your teeth," He said as he laughed a little.

I instantly got what he was asking for and nodded a big yes with a smile.

"Now, get your tongue out," he asked.

I did as asked of me, he proceeded to slap his dick on my tongue a few times and entered my mouth.

He started to slowly go in and out, 

"God, ahh fuck your mouth feels soo good!" he said.

He started to speed up now, even though I had never been with anyone before I had watched a lot of porn. I started to do things which I had seen porn stars do in the videos. Playing with his balls while I suck him hard, then I proceeded to play with his nipples which he seemed to love and was enjoyed with his eyes closed and moaning. 

After few minutes "Ahhh! Okay stop." he said. 

I stopped, and he stepped back and went to his pants, which were on the floor and took out his belt I was puzzled as to why he needs a belt.

Now I was sitting on the bed, and he came back and stood in front of me with this grin on his face and the belt in his hand. 

"Stand up and remove your underwear." he said.

I got up and quickly got out of my underwear. He sat me down on the bed again.

"Raise your hand up," he asked, with a grin on his face.

"ohhhh okay." I replied.

Now I instantly knew exactly why he needed the belt. I hesitated but slowly raised my hands up, and he used this belt to tie my hands up nice and tight and asked my to stand up once again. I stood up he dragged me towards the wardrobe with the big mirror and asked me to get down on my knees, once I was on my knees. I looked to my right side where the mirror was and there we could see everything from a side angle in the mirror. 

"Quick! Open your mouth," he said.

I followed his instructions. He proceeded to guide his cock into my mouth while my hands are up, and he's holding on to the belt. He began to push in and out and then he started to push his dick deep into my throat. 

I was gagging like crazy couldn't do anything with my hand held like that, I looked up to him but his eyes were closed. He was in his zone, I felt like I couldn't breath and the saliva from my mouth was dripping onto the floor. 

"Eventually you will get used to it, try to control the gag." he said.

I shook my head, Trying to tell him I cant.

He looked at me and saw tears in my eyes which were caused by the gag reflex, then he just stopped pushing it deep and kept it a normal blow job which was a relief I wasn't gagging anymore. 

"Ahhh suck is nice and slow, bitch." he said.

I did that for a while and then he removed his cock entirely from my mouth.

"Get up!" he said, as he sat down on the bed.

As I got up, I looked at the TV the porn video he had played had ended, I don't know when. 

He quickly grabbed my tied hands and pulled me towards him.

"Come sit here," he said as he pulled me in.

I was a bit confused, but he pulled me in quickly and made me sit between his legs, his dick was touching my low back. He then stated to play with my penis, which is like 5 inches. I was hard as hell and Ram started to jerk my cock slowly.

I was losing my mind to just his touch within a min I just came and cum flew all over the floor.

"Ahhh! Wow your shot, an awful lot of cum." he whispered in my ear. I just sat there for few minutes. 

Ram then tapped my shoulder signaling me to get up, he got up opened his wardrobe and took out a condom and a rope which scared the crap out of me. 

"Why the rope? No, please no. I have my hands already tied, there's no need for the rope," I pleaded.

Ram then just dropped the rope on the floor and tore the packet and wore the condom and picked up the bottle of coconut oil.

"Get on the bed and lay down." he said.

As I got on the bed and laid there with my face facing the ceiling, he got on to the bed and took a pillow.

"Lift up your butt a little, want to get this pillow in." he asked.

I did as I was told he slid in the pillow near my low back and then he got in front of me.

"Pull your legs back a bit." he said.

I tried and did as much as I could. It was a bit hard to do that without my hands free. I was feeling really scared at this point. 

"Please go a slow, please." I said.

Ram looked at me and just smiled to reassure me that it's all going to be okay.

He took some coconut oil in his hand and started to spread it my hole a little and pushing in a finger.

"Fuck! You have the prettiest hole I've ever seen," he said, with a smile.

As soon as he said that it kinda made me really shy, but I was enjoying all the attention at this point he applied some more oil around my hole and started to push in some on his fingers and started to go in and out slowly then he kept increasing the speed. 

I was just moaning with my eyes closed didn't care what happened, I just wanted this to last forever.

Ram added two more finger to the mix he would go in and rub my prostate, Ohhhh god, I felt like I was going to cum without him even touching my cock, which drove me crazy.

Few minutes later he added some more oil on my hole and rubbed some on his dick, got in position. 

"Get ready you wont be a virgin anymore," he said with a grin on his face.

He slowly entered. 

Oh my god, Ahh at this point I just closed my eyes in pain, tears flowing out and my stomach started to feel so full and a feeling of being stabbed. I just screamed in agony.

Ram quickly pulled out and caressed my face and gave me a kiss. He then positioned himself again to enter me.

"Breathe slowly and push out a bit and try keeping your hole open, it'll be easier," he said.

I did as he said and pushed out my anus, he entered again for the second try! It still hurt but not so bad as the first try. Ram went in half-way or so and I kinda relaxed. He leaned in and kissed me on my forehead and started to open up that belt to free my hands, I felt free once the belt came off. 

Ram was patiently preparing me for few minutes and tried to go fast and slow in different variations to get me used to it. Few minutes had passed, I was still in pain but he just kept at it.

As I was being fucked for the first time, I was in pain and my eyes were blurry from tears. I looked at Ram giving his all and I thought to myself that this might not be the first time Ram has coached a virgin like myself thru anal sex.

He then pulled out and got up.

"Quick get on all your fours, like the doggy!" he asked.

I quickly got onto all my fours, and he stood behind me and started to squeeze my ass to which I just turned my head and looked at him from the corner of my eye, I thought he would just start to fuck me again.

Ram was playing with my ass and fingering my hole then all of a sudden, I hear this noise "phaatt" I suddenly feel a sting on my ass cheek. I turn my head trying to grab a look. Ram was standing there with his belt. He had just whipped me. He saw me turn my head to look. He looked at me and I give him this scared look.

"Don't worry you will love this," he said.

He just went on to whip my other butt cheek, then he threw his belt on the bed and started to slap my ass with his hand now. He kept at it for few minutes, I was kinda starting to like being spanked at this point. 

"Your ass feels soo warm from all the whooping haha," he said, while laughing.

I didn't reply. Just stayed on all my fours quietly, with my head down.

Then suddenly Ram just entered me without even a warning. He just held my hips and pulled em back and shoved his entire cock in one go felt like a sudden stab again and I tried to adjust and not scream as much as possible but couldn't help it. I just screamed after which he went a bit slow this went on for few minutes, then he pulled out and slapped my ass.

"Sit up straight fast," he ordered.

I quickly sat up on the bed. He had already climbed on top of the bed and stood tall in front of me with his dick. He signaled me to suck him I did as fast as I could, I started to suck him off and suddenly he held my head pushed his cock deep into my throat and Ram he just exploded in my throat as soon as he let go of my head I quickly moved back to stop the gag reflex and let his dick out of my mouth and after which I realized that I've completely swallowed Ram's cum there was just one drop of it near my lower lip left. I look at Ram now. He looked so satisfied.

"That felt fucking amazing," he said.

"I'm glad your enjoyed that," I replied, as I coughed. 

He just sat on the bed next to me he then just looked at me, my face all red, some tears, all sweaty and a cum drop on my lower lip. 

He scooped up the drop of cum with his thumb, he then let me lick that up too. Now he just sat there, reached out and grabbed a piece of tissue paper which was next to the TV wiped my face and kissed me.

"It won't hurt if you keep doing it, eventually your will love it and ask for more. I'm sure of it," he said.

"Thank you for sharing this with me," I replied, as I hugged him.

END.

This is the start of the series there are more stories to come which happened.

I also apologies if I've made any grammatical mistakes, English is not my first language but that's not an excuse. I want to learn, and I'm working on that. :)