  Chapter 1 - My Boss

I hate my fucking boss. 

He casually strolls through the cubicles glancing over everyone's shoulders making some asinine comments. So pretentious, pompous, and touchy. 

Walking with a gorgeous douchey smile showcasing his bright white teeth. His brown hair is combed over without any gel. When I would look at him, his green eyes would lock right in on me. I felt trapped in his presence. 

He wore tight clothes that pronounced his muscular frame and broad shoulders. Not to mention, the holy bulge coming from his khaki pants. Sometimes I would watch that sucker sway back and forth when he would creep down the halls. 

As he made his way to my cubicle, I would keep my cool. He approaches me with his massive hands on my shoulders gripping and releasing. I wished those hands would slide down some day on my cock or preferably on my ass. My ass: the only claim to fame I have in my physical appearance. 

My boss, Mr. Dan Kellerman, was the perfect specimen. I envied him.

One day, those hands slid off of my arms grasping my bicep spinning me in my chair towards him. He leaned back against my desk and addressed me.

"Hey sexy boy. How's it going?" This was a normal greeting, but he never stayed in my cubicle. He looked around in a paranoid way. 

"Hello, Mr. Kellerman," I replied. "Anything I can do for you?" 

His face was serious. I started to get worried.

"Do you... Sorry, but.... You are gay, right?"

This was not normal. Most people never picked up on the fact that I was homosexual, but I was not offended. If anyone asked, I would reply honestly.

"Yes," I was unsure where he was going with that leading question.

"Umm... Would you like to go somewhere after work tonight? Not as a date or... I'm not... I just need to talk to you."

"Sure," I said eager to know if I was going to get any action out of him. 

"Sweet. Come to my office when you are done. We'll get a bite to eat or something." His face turned excited as he started to leave. As he made his way out, his hand slid off of my shoulder and down my back. 

-- 

I found my way in an extreme gay S&M club. How? I am not too sure. 

There was some talking that led to some touching. He asked, "Do you want to lose yourself?"

"Yes." 

I got lost. 

---

Strobe lights. Raging electro music. Naked bodies.

I was in leather black underwear and nothing else. My boss had assless chaps and nothing else. He grinded up against me whispering, "Be my bitch boy." And boy... I was game. 

We were in a cage wrestling on top ofe each other oiled with lube. Dan's pecs glistened demanding attention to his rock hard nipples that he would constantly grabbed when he thrusted into me. 

I will not lie. It was nice to be penetrated by the macho man I loathed to fantasize about. My moans attracted an audience. Guys hunky and chunky, young and old, hot and not circled our cage enviously. 

As we were getting close to the dramatic big finish, I noticed one man in particular. He stood over me gazing into my eyes while Dan was fucking me insanely pumping his big dick in and out. I could not look away from the man. He was fucking me with his eyes. 

The man had a skinny nicely toned body with some scruff on his chest and dark facial hair. His black hair was styled high mounting over his beautiful face. He was lean and tall with a gorgeous cock hanging stiff. He was making sure I could see it. He smiled an inviting warm smile, but there was something mysterious in his brown eyes, And I wanted to know...

He leaned against the bars of the cage and lifted his eye brow which gave me the idea that he like what he saw. He pointed his lips out kissing the air towards me. He touched his hot body with his strong hands feeling and grasping from his chest to his ass. He pointed his big cock over my face. It was so long and thick, I could reach it easily with my tongue. I cowered away with loyalty to Dan whom was annoyed with this even hotter specimen of a man. 

When I looked away from the man, my eyes wondered back to him. He slapped his fat dick against his body, smiled, and turned away. I came. With a almighty moan and a grunt from Dan, he unloaded on my abs. Usually, I would lick that up, but I was determined to find the sexy man. Then, Dan left the cage and went the other direction. 

I got up looking arouns frantically. The strobe lights and music blared my consciousness. I walked out of the cage naked and wet. I could barely walk from Dan's penetration, but I was longing for the sex of the other man. I peeked in from room to room getting shunned away and roped in. Then I caught him... 

He was sitting on a leather couch totally naked with my boss on top of him. The man's big cock was sliding up and down out of my boss's firm ass. My boss's backside was to mine as he got fucked intensely by the man. Dan's head was swirling around in sensation moaning. To think that Dan was bottoming was beyond my comprehension, but I was even more impressed of the mysterious man. The fact that he was dominant to the single most dominant figure in my life: work wise and bosy wise... I was astonished. 

This man was beyond man. He was a beautiful beast. 

I was jealous of Dan, but I could not turn away from observing the two. The man looked up from kissing my boss uncontrollably. He smiled that smile and winked. I noticed he was fucking Dan harder as he looked to me. I looked down at my hard penis as cum dribbled out on to the floor. This was fucking me without any physical action. I looked back up at him as he laughed a deep laugh looking at both me and Dan. 

"Fuck me."

That was the last that I remembered.