 I don't understand what there is about me that makes strange men think they can do or say anything at all and I won't object, protest or complain. It's almost as though I have the word "SUBMISSIVE" stamped on my forehead.

So I was sitting at the bar in an expensive downtown San Francisco hotel sipping a Mai Tai when this old guy sat directly beside me even though there were plenty of open bar stools that would have given both of us more leg room. 

I gave him a discreet glance, and like I said, he was pretty old, maybe fifty or so, but he appeared in decent shape for a guy his age, and he had a nice mane of silver hair above his not unappealing face. He ordered "Makers Mark—neat" from the bartender and we sat in silence sipping our cocktails. 

My straw made a loud slurping noise as I sucked the last of the drink from the tall glass. The old man looked at me and asked, "What are you drinking there, boy?"

"Oh, it's a Mai Tai," I shyly replied.

"Kind of a girly drink, isn't it?" he said while looking me up and down. "Are you some sort of sissy?"

Before I could protest he added: "I'm gonna buy you a man's drink..."

He caught the bartenders attention, shook the ice in his near empty glass and said, "Another Makers Mark--and one for my young friend here!"

Since I could only afford the one drink, but wanted more, I didn't insist on another Mai Tai...I like bourbon as well, the only problem is it doesn't take long for me to get drunk on bourbon.

Oh well, at least the night wasn't going to end too early. I hated the thought of having to drive back to Santa Cruz in the dark.

"My names Earl," he announced, "...from Houston."

"I'm John--from Santa Cruz!" I said and shook his outstretched hand.

I winced when he squeezed my hand too tightly and that made him laugh.

He told me he was in town on business, but was having a difficult time finding some 'action' at night.

"Yeah," I said. "There aren't many bars near this hotel where single women hang-out."

He gave me an odd stare then almost inhaled the remaining bourbon from his glass.

"Drink up, Johnny--time for another one!" he ordered.

I don't like to be called 'Johnny' but he was the man buying the drinks so I didn't protest or complain.

While sipping our drinks, he noticed my bag on the stool beside me.

"Nice purse, boy," he said with a snicker of ridicule.

"No, it's a European man bag," I said correcting him then quickly added, "...it's very handy—-my pockets are too small to carry all my stuff!"

He gave me a sly grin and said, "Uh huh, sure boy..."

After the second bourbon I was feeling a little dizzy. He ordered us another round and I weakly said, "I better not--I have a long drive!"

He smiled and said, "Nonsense, boy...if need be I have a nice, big sofa in my suite where you can spend the night!"

My head began spinning as I tried to keep up with his drinking prowess. He suddenly leaned into me and whispered in my ear.

"Are you one of them San Francisco fairies I've heard so much about?" he bluntly asked.

My face turned beet red. Like I said before, I don't know why strange men feel as though they're entitled to act rude and crude around me.

"W-Why would you ask me that?" I asked quietly; trying to appear offended and indignant.

"C'mon boy...look at the skimpy little "outfit" you're wearing...and you carry a purse, for Gods sake!" he said, not at all taken aback by my surprised expression.

And, yes, maybe my short-shorts were small and tight-fitting, and the brightly flowered beach shirt was loud with pink and yellows, and perhaps my man bag could be mistaken for a woman's purse, but still, why do men think they can say such obnoxious things to me?

He seemed more amused than annoyed at my obvious discomfort. He then boldly placed his hand on my upper thigh and stroked my leg. I heard him chuckle.

"Are you naturally hairless, boy, or do you shave?" he asked with a smile.

"I use a depilatory cream," I softly admitted. 

He nodded his head knowingly, smiled, then said, "I like my boys smooth...are you smooth EVERYWHERE boy?"

I finished my drink and sheepishly nodded in the affirmative.

He ordered two more drinks and I meekly said I wouldn't be able to drive, but he ignored me.

The bartender placed the drinks in front of us and walked away. 'Earl from Houston' moved his bar stool as close as he could next to mine until our legs were touching.

"Johnny, you're too drunk to drive--you're spending the night in my bed!" he whispered.

He boldly took my hand and placed it on his crotch. He had an impressive hard-on--he pressed my hand firmly to the bulge in his pants. I neither protested nor attempted to remove my hand.

He forced my fingers around his hard cock and moved my hand slowly back-and-forth. After a few seconds, he removed his hand but I kept stroking his hardness thru the thin layer of his expensive slacks.

He smiled at me and whispered in his Texas twang, "Baby, you and I gonna have us some fun tonight!"

My breathing became shallow and irregular; my own small prick was hard as a rock inside my tight shorts. 

He signed the bar tab to his room and we climbed off the stools and walked to the elevators with me leading the way.

He chuckled and said, "You seem to know your way around here...are you a 'regular' here, boy?"

I blushed and mumbled, " Well, uh, not really..." but he wasn't convinced and laughed again.

I knew no one would be able to see the small lump in my shorts, but I wondered how he would hide his manly bulge. His hands were covering his crotch as we walked, and when we boarded the elevator he had me stand in front of him.

We got off the elevator on the top floor and he led me to his suite. His room was directly across from a room I had once spent a weekend.

As soon as the door to the suite closed behind us he took me in his arms, held my head still, and kissed me full on the lips. His thick tongue pushed into my open mouth and he reeked of bourbon...of course, so did I.

He broke the kiss and stared into my eyes.

"Boy, I need to know now if you're just a cock-tease and I'm wasting my time," he said in all seriousness.

I kissed him hard, and found his tongue with mine. I rubbed the front of his slacks and was glad he was still hard. I curled my fingers around his erection and stroked the length back-and-forth...back-and-forth...back-and-forth...

He smiled and his voice cracked when he spoke: "Good boy...I want you to call me 'Daddy' okay?"

Inside I was laughing but I managed to keep a straight face. My God, the silly games men like to play in the bedroom!

"Yes, Daddy," I softly said.

He broke our embrace and said, "Make yourself comfortable boy--I'll fix us a couple drinks."

"Thank you, Daddy," I replied. "May I use the bathroom, Daddy, I have to pee?"

He chuckled and said, "Go for it, Sugar--it's thru that door there to the right."

I knew the layout of the rooms but said "Thank you, Daddy" anyway.

I placed my man bag on the vanity then took a wicked whizz--my God it felt good!

When I returned to the living room, Earl from Houston was sitting back on the sofa sipping his drink. His bare feet were on the coffee table. I noticed he'd only poured one drink and figured he'd share it with me--not that I wanted or needed more bourbon.

"Awww, boy, I thought you were going to get 'comfortable,' he playfully pouted.

I gave him my best coquettish smile, lifted first my left foot, untied my sneaker, pushed it off my foot then rolled down the anklet sock until it dropped to the floor. I did the same with my right foot.

Very slowly I began swaying my hips in time with imaginary music as I unbuttoned my shirt. I saw his eyes glaze-over as I exposed my hairless chest to him. I pushed the shirt off my shoulders and it too dropped to the floor.

I reached down and unsnapped my shorts and slowly pulled down the zipper. The erotic sound a zipper made when lowered always makes my prick throb. I hoped it had the same affect on him, too.

My shorts were very tight and I made a great show of squirming and wriggling and rolling my hips like a girl until they were down far enough and I could push them to the floor.

I stood before him in my undies and locked my hands behind my head and posed for him with a huge smile on my face. He had a good view of my bare underarms. I thrust my hips slightly forward so he could he could plainly see my hard-on poking-out the cotton fabric of my undies. I saw him staring at the sizable pre-cum stain that had formed.

"Do you like what you see, Daddy?" I softly asked him.

He coughed then said, "Daddy loves your tiny panties, boy."

I giggled and said, "Oh Daddy, they're men's string bikini's..."

"Whatever boy...red is certainly your color...come over here and sit on Daddy's lap!" he said commandingly.

"Yes, Daddy," I said and quickly made my way around the coffee table. 

He had placed his feet flat on the floor and I gently lowered myself onto his strong thighs. I wriggled my hips until his erection was poking my butt then I pressed down and felt his powerful cock pulsating against me.

Our faces melded into one and we kissed and tongued each other. I found the top button of his dress shirt and slowly worked it open. All the while his hands caressed my hairless chest, fondling my breasts and pinching my nipples into hard little points.

He helped me take off his shirt and I exclaimed, "You must work out, Daddy, you're in great shape!"

Before he could say anything I squirmed off his lap and went to my knees before him. The edge of the coffee table hurt my back so I pushed it away until I could kneel comfortably.

I ran my hands up-and-down his legs over the fabric of his expensive slacks. When I moved my head closer to his crotch he opened his legs wider to give me better access to his erection. Something men everywhere do whenever faced with the prospect of a warm and willing mouth 'down there.'

My hands caressed his hard cock then I pressed my lips to it and firmly kissed side-to-side the entire length until I heard him groaning above me.

My tongue found his zipper, flipped it until I caught it between my teeth, then slowly worked it downward. My hands opened his belt and unfastened his slacks. The moment his slacks were open wide, his manly aroma assaulted my nostrils and I almost came in my undies.

I inhaled deeply thru my nose reveling in his powerful manly odor. I love that smell! Goosepimples formed on my flesh as shivers of delight raced up-and-down my trembling body.

I couldn't wait any longer. My small hands began tugging at the waistband, frantically trying to pull down his slacks and boxer shorts.

He chuckled above me and assisted my efforts by lifting his hips so I could peel off his slacks and boxers. When I had them lowered to his ankles, I grasped the base of his hard cock with one hand and cradled his large scrotum in the other.

My God his balls are heavy--I hope I'll be able to swallow his entire load!

I immediately licked the pre-cum covering his glans and oozing out of his slit. I was thrilled I liked the taste of it...sometimes you never know.

A deep, guttural moan now incessantly escaped his mouth. Instead of the usual kissing and licking of his hot flesh, I decided to give him his first climax as quickly as I could. I wet my lips and slid them over his cockhead and managed to get only three of his seven inches inside my mouth.

I went to work sucking and stroking his throbbing, hot cock. I loved the heat of his cock in my mouth. I first rubbed his balls, then began rolling and massaging them one at a time. 

It didn't take long for his lower body to begin to squirm and his hips to thrust upward, pushing more of his hardness into my mouth. My hand moved faster on his shaft while my head became a blur of motion bobbing up-and-down his magnificent pole of flesh. 

I felt my own balls begin to boil and bubble. Strange, I usually don't cum when I'm giving head.

The excitement I was feeling spurred me on to suck him harder. His hands on my head held me in place as he strained to fuck my mouth faster. His balls grew heavier and began to rise in their sac. I prepared myself for the onslaught of sperm and semen that would very soon be filling my mouth.

His body suddenly stiffened followed by an animal-like bellow from deep within his throat. I flattened my tongue on his slit in time to catch the first volley of cum and quickly lapped it up and swallowed.

Then he became quite noisy: "OH-MY-GOD--OH-MY-GOD--OH-MY-GOD--YES-YES-YES-YES-YES--OH-MY-GOD-YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS..."

His excitement sent me hurdling over the edge. My own sperm and semen came blasting out of my balls splashing the front of my undies. My whole body spasmed and shook but I couldn't cry out--I had to concentrate on swallowing his entire load.

I was right about his balls. They held a massive amount of man-juice but I proudly ate every drop without spilling. By the time our bodies came to rest, both my belly and undies were filled with cum.

"Good God Almighty, boy, where'd ja learn to do that? You could suck chrome off a trailer hitch!" he said with a thick Texas accent.

"Glad you liked it , sir," I said grinning up at him. "OH--I mean 'Daddy'!"

He smiled down at me and tousled my hair. "Now that you emptied my balls, boy, I gotta piss like a racehorse!"

With a playful grin I replied, "Would you like some help with that, Daddy?"

His smile widened as he said, "You're something else, Sugar!"

After I pulled his slacks all the way off and he was totally naked, he took my hand and we strode to the bathroom. 

He noticed how wet my undies were and chuckled, "You really love my cock, don't you, boy?"

I'd seen longer and thicker, but answered, "It's the biggest one I've ever seen, Daddy--I absolutely adore it!"

I flipped the toilet seat up, stood almost behind him, took his flaccid manhood in my small hand and aimed it at the bowl. He let loose with a torrent of water that reminded me of Niagara Falls.

I was concentrating on my aim when I heard him exclaim, "Good God, boy, now I understand why you carry a purse! You're ready for anything, aren't you, Sugar?"

I jerked my head to see why he'd said that and saw him staring at the jar of lubricant I'd taken from the bag and placed on the counter. In doing so, I'd moved his penis slightly and heard his piss hitting the floor. I quickly adjusted my aim back to the bowl.

"I'm sorry, Daddy--it won't happen again!" I said.

"You made quite a mess on the floor, boy!" he remarked. 

I didn't detect any anger in his voice...his flow was just a trickle now.

"I'll clean it up, Daddy...I'm so sorry--I know I deserve a spanking for that, Daddy!" I said planting the suggestion in his head.

Upon hearing my words, his cock instantly grew to half-staff. I gently stroked it until I heard him cough, then say, "Damn straight, boy! When you're done cleaning up the mess I'll be waiting in the bedroom--I'm gonna take you over my knees and teach you a lesson, boy!"

"Y-Yes, D-Daddy--I'll clean it good, Daddy!" I said feigning fear and nervousness.

"Hurry it up, boy, Daddy doesn't like to be kept waiting!" he said as he left the bathroom with a full erection proudly standing straight out below his belly.

I made quick work of the floor then went to work on myself. Peeling my soaked and sticky undies off my crotch required some effort but I soon was rinsing them in the sink then draped them over the shower rod then ran a warm washcloth over myself.

I smeared lubricant up and down the long cigar-like tube I carried with me, opened my legs wide and bent over. I positioned the tube on my anus, and after getting that wet, slowly worked it into my pussy. 

I pulled it out, smeared more lube on it, and this time pushed it all the way inside me. I repeated this process until my pussy became wet and squishy. I was now ready to take Earl from Houston's nice cock inside me.

A small, dim table lamp was the sole light in the bedroom. I saw Earl from Houston sitting on the edge of the bed nude and caught him stroking himself.

"Get over here you naughty boy and lay across my lap!" he said with an impish grin on his face.

I went to his right side but he said, "No, the other side!"

I surmised he was left-handed and laid myself over his thick and manly thighs. He wasted no time.

SMACK...he had fairly large hands so I figured the spanking would hurt...

SMACK--SMACK--SMACK--SMACK...but I hadn't counted on how much he was 'into' spanking young boys...

SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK-SMACK...by the time he tired, my bottom was on fire and I had tears in my eyes.

"That should teach you, boy!" he exclaimed when he finished. "Lay on the bed!"

"Y-Y-Yes, Daddy," I snuffled and wiped the tears from my face.

I lay on my back with my head on a pillow. I assumed he'd climb on top of me and we'd kiss--I love the feel of a big man pinning my body to the bed. 

I saw his hard cock bobbing in mid-air and heard his heavy breathing; he was extremely aroused from spanking me.

Instead of laying on top of me, he took my ankles and forced them up and over his broad shoulders. My legs were split wide.

His eyes were glazed over with lust and desire. He immediately positioned his plum-sized cockhead against my anus. I knew what was coming next and reached behind me and held onto two thick poles on the iron headboard.

This was going to be a 'wham-bam-thank-you-ma'am' kind of fuck. My boner began pulsating with anticipation; I could feel the hot fluids churning in my balls.

He worked his glans just past my sphincter, stared menacingly into my eyes and announced, "I'm gonna fuck you silly, boy!"

His words and tone of voice almost made me cum right then and there. I reached down with one hand, pushed my balls lower in my scrotum, then re-took my grip on the headboard. This was going to be one heckuva fuck and I didn't want to climax too early.

With one brutal thrust he buried himself completely inside me. We both shouted "OHHHHHH..."

He waited long enough to give me a chance to clamp the walls of my pussy tightly around his throbbing cock and squeeze and milk it.

"OH-GOD-BOY," he bellowed then pulled his cock back until just the head was inside me, then with great effort, and absolutely no concern for my comfort, rammed his shaft into me to the hilt until his cockhead slammed against my prostate.

It was my turn to yell, "OHHHH-GOD-YES..."

That excited him even more and he began to fuck me with all his strength and power. In-and-out...in-and-out...in-and-out...in-and-out...in-and-out...

On one particularly brutal thrust my head banged against the iron headboard--I didn't care--I was in heaven--he was giving me one of the greatest fucks of my life!

"OH-BABY--OH-BABY..." he blurted out. "YOU GOT THE TIGHTEST PUSSY I EVER HAD!!"

I saw stars before my eyes as my head was swimming in a rich fog of ecstasy. When my balls began swelling with a delicious agony, I dug my heels into his back and with every downward stroke pulled him deeper inside me--he was hitting my prostate now with each thrust and it drove me crazy and wild with an urgent need to empty my balls.

After one wonderfully deep and savage thrust, his body suddenly stiffened and he screamed he was cumming then fucked me ferociously as his scalding hot cum flooded my pussy.

That was it for me--my balls erupted like a volcano and mightily spurted cum onto his belly and myself. Our bodies lurched and jumped and writhed on the bed like out of control animals as our cocks shot out every ounce of semen and sperm we had in our balls.

He collapsed on top of me and I held him tightly. We both gasped and gulped at air. I hugged him and he kissed my forehead and rolled off me and lay on his back. 
