 By the time I reached the outskirts of Houston, the adrenaline-rush I was feeling was counter-balanced by the rush-hour traffic I was stuck in. Stop-and-go traffic---I wanted to scream! And then the rain started...

OH MY GOD---WHAT IS THIS---A MONSOON??

The rain was so heavy, it was difficult seeing the brake lights of the car ahead of me. My nerves were frazzled...I turned the volume down on the radio, and gripped the steering wheel tighter...the downpour and traffic wouldn't let up---it went on forever-and-forever...

I squinted thru the rain at every sign...then suddenly---OH MY GOD---IT'S THE NEXT EXIT---THANK YOU LORD...

I double-checked the sheet of paper with the driving directions then flipped on the turn signal. I took the next exit, turned right, and two-blocks later saw a large, and sprawling apartment complex. When I read the sign 'SHANGRA-LA'---my heart leapt with joy...even the rain stopped!

I searched the parking lot for space #132...when I found it and parked the car I never felt such relief...and excitement---the excitement one feels when your mind conjures up the limitless possibilities of not only a new home, but a new city, as well. 

I experienced a euphoric feeling of freedom and hope for the future that had been long buried within me. It was exhilarating and, at the same time, frightening. I was on my own for the first time in my life...I was in a city where only one person knew me, and he accepts me for who I am! 

I CAN FINALLY BE MYSELF!! I CAN RE-MAKE MYSELF INTO THE PERSON I WANT TO BE---THE PERSON I REALLY AM---I AM GAY AND PROUD, DAMNIT---THAT IS WHO I AM!!

With a smile from ear-to-ear, I opened the car door to go in search of the building manager to get the key to my new home...even the oppressive humidity, that almost choked the life out of me when I opened the car door, couldn't smother my soaring spirits.

Oh my God, I thought, maybe Daddy is inside the apartment waiting to surprise me!

Well, no, Daddy wasn't waiting for me, but a few of God's other creatures were...

"Ya gotta stay on top of these damn things or they'll overrun the place!" announced Mr. Toole, the building manager, when he let me inside the apartment and we saw the cockroaches scurrying down the front hallway.

Moments earlier, I'd found him in his apartment, a tall and skinny man, he looked me up-and-down, smacked his thin lips and said, "I'm Ernie Toole, boy---you can call me Mr. Toole!" 

And then the dense and dank air in the apartment made me cough and choke. I swore it was more hot and humid inside than outside.

"No one's lived here for two months---it'll take the a/c units a little time to catch up!" he explained as he found four 'Roach Motels' under the kitchen sink, peeled off the strips, and showed me the best places to put them.

"These are the last of traps---you better get a few more, boy!" he said. 

He walked me thru the apartment. It was fully furnished, but the furniture appeared rather old and faded...and then there was this ever-present 'smell'...it wasn't overpowering or completely offensive, it just seemed to hang in the air---I absentmindedly sniffed at my shirt to see if it was clinging to me.

My spirits lifted briefly when I saw the new, king-sized mattress still in its clear wrap. 

Mr. Toole chuckled and said, "Yep, old Earl doesn't skimp when it comes to the bedroom, does he?"

I felt myself blushing at his remark.

He opened a closet door in the hallway and said, "Sheets and blankets in here...silk sheets, boy---haven't felt silk against my skin since the last boy who lived here."

What on earth did he mean by that?

We were standing near the door again. "You need anything at all, you come and see Mr. Toole, okay, boy?"

"Yes, sir," I said.

He winked then said, "I have a system around here, boy, if you need work done---I scratch your back and you scratch mine..."

I suspected what he meant by that---I didn't know how to feel about this man...he wasn't mean or insulting---he just knew what he wanted and did not hesitate expressing himself.

Before he left, he hesitated, then said with an odd grin as he once again looked me up and down smacking his lips, "You're a lot prettier than the last boy...Earl and I go way back---he doesn't mind sharing his boys, if you know what I mean!"

OH MY GOD, I thought as I quickly shut the door when he was gone. WHAT HAVE I GOTTEN MYSELF INTO?

I unloaded the car and found a place in the apartment for the few possessions I'd brought with me. I made a shopping list for groceries, toiletries, cleaning supplies and, of course, more roach motels. I was determined to stay as busy as I could to keep from thinking about Mr. Toole's words.

I'm prettier than the last boy? Earl doesn't mind sharing his boys? How many of his 'boys' have lived here? 

I was feeling slightly disillusioned...I believed Daddy was different---that I was special and meant something to him---to hear Mr. Toole speak, Daddy is just another dirty old man keeping a boy on the side for whenever his dick gets hard.

Calm down, John, I told myself. You know Daddy, he's not like that at all...

I didn't know if I should go to the store, or wait for Daddy's phone call. It was almost 6pm and he'd be coming from work very shortly...he might be on his way right now!

I tore the clear wrap off the new bed, found silk sheets and pillow covers. I made it as comfortable as possible as I smiled to myself thinking how we'd be messing up the sheets very soon.

The a/c didn't seem to be cooling the apartment. I cranked-up the units in both the bedroom and living room then set-up my computer. 

I checked the time again---7pm...and wondered what could be keeping Daddy. On my cell phone, I decided to call him even though he'd asked me not to. His caller id was blocked---he could call me but I couldn't call him.

Feeling frustrated, I came to the conclusion he wasn't expecting me in Houston for another day. When I'd told him I could get here in three days he scoffed and said, "Too long of a trip, Sugar---it'll take you four days!"

SURE---THAT WAS IT---HE DOESN"T EXPECT ME HERE UNTIL TOMORROW!

With a sigh of relief, I decided to go shopping, plus I was starving. I remembered seeing some fast-food restaurants and went first to dinner then to Wal-Mart. 

When I came home it was 9:30, and the apartment was still hot and sticky. The bedroom a/c worked better than the one in the living room. I sat in the living room in my underwear, surfing the Internet. My whole body seemed to ooze sweat.

I had vowed to myself not to use the brand new bed until Daddy and I had 'broken it in'...the couch was long enough to sleep on so I retrieved a pillow and another sheet and turned in at 11pm.

Good God, the stagnant air in the room was stifling. I tossed and turned for two-hours before my mind and body gave way to exhaustion. It had been a very long and frustrating day---tomorrow was sure to be better!

I waited until 9am to go to Mr. Toole's apartment. The living room a/c did not cool the place down at all. I wanted either for him to fix it, or replace it with a new one.

I cringed when he said, "Well, hey boy, nice to see such a pretty face first thing in the morning!" He was dressed in blue jeans and a work shirt. He appeared to be perspiring like he'd just finished a project.

I blushed and replied, "Sorry to bother you, Mr. Toole, but the a/c in the living room isn't working---it's an oven in there!"

"Oh, sorry to hear that, boy," he said with genuine concern. "I'll put you on the list for a new one, how does that sound?"

"Can't it be fixed?" I asked.

He sadly shook his head and replied, "I've worked on that one at least ten times, boy...nothing more I can do for it." 

"Uh, well, how long is the list?" I asked.

"Oh, there's about a six-month wait, boy...you probably won't get a new one until NEXT summer!" he said sincerely. "Sorry, boy, but it's not in my budget this year!"

I remembered his words from yesterday---"You scratch my back and I'll scratch yours!" Was this all a set-up? Did he intentionally put a faulty a/c in my place so I would be in debt to him?

I lowered my eyes, and softly asked him, "Uh, if I scratch your back will you scratch mine? What would I have to do to move up on the list?"

"You know, boy, I'm pretty sure you can't afford to pay for a new a/c yourself, and in all honesty, do you have any skills at fixing things, or working around here to help me out? What are you good for boy? What can you give me that no one else can?"

Oh my God---what kind of game is this guy playing? He knows darn-well what I'm offering. He wants me to say it out loud---he wants me to demean myself before his eyes. 

Staring at the floor, I softly said, "I'll suck your cock for you."

"As tempting as that offer sounds, boy, you don't seem to be sincere about it...you make it sound like I'm forcing you into something you don't want to do---I'm no rapist, boy! I don't make people do anything they don't want to do!"

The blood drained from my face as I forced myself to look into the eyes of another stranger who was forcing me to say out loud I'm a whore and cum-slut.

"No, no, please Mr. Toole, I really do want to suck your cock for you...please...please let me suck it for you, Mr. Toole!" I said, incredulous that I was begging a stranger to suck his cock.

"You know, boy, words are meaningless without action!" he said.

I went to him, dropped to my knees and opened his jeans. The palm of my hand pressed against his slight bulge as I lowered the zipper. I hooked my fingers into the jeans and boxers he was wearing and slowly pulled them down his legs.

I gasped when his long and thin semi-erection popped into view and struck my cheek. I had never before seen such a long and skinny cock. I immediately wondered what it would feel like sliding in-and-out of my pussy banging against my prostate. 

I inhaled his manly aroma---my own prick stiffened inside my string, bikini briefs. 

My tongue licked the soft flesh; my lips kissing the length coaxing him into an erection. His balls were hanging low in his scrotum and I took them both in my mouth and lathered them with saliva. It took less than a minute until he was fully hard.

I wet my lips and slid them over his cockhead then went to work on him. I decided to make it a fast one so I rapidly stroked the shaft as I inhaled about have of his hard-on as far into my mouth as I could. I gingerly rolled and massaged his increasingly heavy balls.

When his moaning became non-stop, I sucked him harder and stroked him faster. I had to admit his flesh tasted good, I enjoyed the salty flavor created by his sweat. 

He began thrusting his hips forward forcing more and more of his cock into my mouth. His cockhead banged the back of my throat and it was all I could do to keep from gagging. He was getting close.

My hands abandoned his shaft and balls and gripped his hips to control his movements. My head became a blur bobbing back-and-forth on his heated, ever-expanding flesh. 

It is at this point when I'm giving head that I become lost in the sucking; all I want is to feel and taste his spooge in my greedily sucking mouth. Would he cum in powerful blasts, or fill my mouth with squirt-after-squirt until his balls were empty?

I felt his hips tense then heard him shout "YESSSSSS" then tasted his opening salvo of sperm and semen. 

A deluge of tasty cum filled my mouth and I swallowed just in time before he unleashed the next barrage...and the next...and the next...I've always thought it deliciously obscene the gulping noises I make when I swallow a man's entire load of cum.

I heard him gasping for air; he patted my head as I cleaned his shriveling penis with my tongue. My own balls were aching for release, but I ignored the slight pain---I would 'take care' of myself when I returned to my apartment.

I watched in awe as his slender cock hung down further than any penis I'd ever seen. Once again I thought about getting fucked by this wonderful piece of meat. I definitely knew what I'd be fantasizing about when I jerked-off in a few minutes!

I fixed his clothing in place and remained on my knees looking up into his eyes.

"Am I getting closer to the top of the list?" I asked and immediately regretted saying it---it sounded cheap and whorish!

"You're a good cocksucker, boy—no doubt about that! But then again, Earl's boys are always good at sucking cock!" he said with a chuckle.

THERE IT WAS AGAIN---"Earl's boys"---just how many 'boys' has Daddy had living here?

"No, boy, it takes more than one blow-job to move up the list...what I look for is 'commitment'---if you agree to to be available to me---that is, whenever Earl isn't using you---well, that would be a start!"

Oh my God...once again I was going to have to rely on the kindness of a stranger to make my life easier.

"W-What do you want from me?" I asked with exasperation.

"A verbal contract---between you and me---that you will be available to me any time Earl is not enjoying your, uh, services!" he said matter-of-factly. "It won't be as often as you are thinking right now...there are a couple women in the building who want to move up the list, too...you might see me once or twice a day unless the women are available---in which case I may only use that pretty mouth of yours once or twice a week!"

I couldn't believe my ears when I said, "Okay" to his crude offer.

"Okay, what?" he asked.

"I'll be available to you whenever Dad---Earl isn't here."

"The next few days will be the test...as long as you live up to your word---you may have a new air conditioner within a week!" he said.

"How is this going to work? I mean, I don't know when, uh, Earl is going to be here or not!" I asked him.

"I pretty much know his schedule, and, when he calls you to tell you he'll be here---which he always will do---you will call and tell me! He always parks his car in the same spot and I can see it from my window...I'll be able to see for myself if you're being honest with me."

I walked back to my place with a heavy heart. I'd gotten Freddy the Asshole out of my life only to have him replaced with another one. Life is not fair...

When I returned to my place, I made quick work of emptying my balls, and yes, I pictured Mr. Toole's 'tool' while stroking myself to an explosive climax.

I then set about thoroughly scrubbing and cleaning every room in the apartment. I was impressed with how effective the 'Roach Motels' were...nary a pest in sight.

After a sandwich for lunch, the heat in the apartment became unbearable so I stripped down to my black, string bikini briefs to finish the cleaning...it was much, much cooler that way.

I still hadn't heard from Daddy and I was worried. I tried hard to shut negative thoughts out of my head. He is busy at work, I told myself, and he'll call me later.

I found a vacuum cleaner in the hall closet and was humming a song while I worked. When I felt a hand on my shoulder I nearly jumped out of my skin. 

"Whoa, boy---it's only me!" I heard Mr. Toole say. "Calm down...I used my master key when I heard the vacuum going."

"You scared me!" I complained.

"Uh, sorry, boy..." he said. 

It was a half-hearted apology---I saw his eyes bugging out as they drank-in my almost naked body.

"Cute panties, boy," he said with a slight smile.

"They're not panties!" I protested. "I buy them in the men's department!"

"Whatever you say, boy," he said.

He stared at me a few more seconds then said, "Earl called me—he said your phone kept ringing and ringing and to tell you he'd be here at six."

Oh my God---I forgot to charge the battery—that's why I haven't heard from him!

"Oh, uh, thanks Mr. Toole," I said, but I think my words fell on deaf ears. 

His eyes were focused on my tiny briefs. I glanced at his crotch, and sure enough, that beautiful long cock of his was tenting-out the thin material. 

Without a single word between us, I went to my knees before him, quickly extricated his wonderful cock, and gave him my 'loving blowjob'...much licking of his salty flesh...taking his balls into my mouth and tenderly sucking each egg-shaped orb...and finally, slowly moved my head back-and-forth while I sucked him deep into my mouth as I gently fondled his balls, and teased him with a finger stroking his perineum and rubbing his puckered anus.

By the time he exploded in my mouth, he was a quivering, shaking mass of insane lust and desire---mumbling incoherently and finally shouting "JESUS---JESUS---JESUS---JESUS..."

When I licked the last remnants of sperm and semen from his now-ultra-sensitive cock head, his knees buckled, but I caught him before he fell. 

I smiled inwardly, knowing full well he'd never experienced ANYTHING like that!!

He suddenly blurted out, "IT'S DAMN HOT IN HERE, BOY---Earl pays good rent money---I'll be back in an hour-and-a-half with a new air conditioner!"

I smiled and simply said, "He will appreciate that!"

The moment I heard the front door close, I threw myself face-down on the leather sofa and frantically ground my throbbing prick into the cushion. I swore I could feel his long, skinny cock pounding my pussy. I came so hard in my briefs I saw stars dancing before my eyes.

Before I bathed, I washed the fluids off the leather upholstery and tossed my soaked briefs into the laundry basket. 

I sat back in the hot water of the bubble bath and reflected on the days events. I decided I liked Mr. Toole after all---he's not at all like Freddy the Asshole...he's kind, and genuinely friendly...and besides, how could a boy like me NOT like anyone with a cock like his?

Out of modesty and humility, I will refrain from an in-depth description of my passionate evening with Daddy. 

Needless-to-say, after a month apart, his lusty balls filled my mouth to overflowing with his pent-up sperm and semen then I was able to coax two more erections from him and he fucked me hard and fast, giving me the most spectacular climax I've had since our weekend in San Francisco.

I had decided against using the sex paste Yoshi had given me which turned out to be the right decision; I had assumed Daddy would spend the entire night with me, not so.

I was still gasping for air from my orgasm when Daddy climbed out of bed and began dressing.

"W-Where are you going? Aren't you going to stay here tonight?" I asked him in a surprised, high-pitched panic of a voice.

He answered, "Sugar, I'm afraid I'll never be able to spend a whole night here---my wife is a suspicious bitch---I think she's looking for any reason to sue me for divorce...I can't let that happen right now...I'll be here tomorrow at one, Sugar, for a little afternoon delight, okay?"

"Oh, yeah...okay," I said disappointed.

The next day I was ready and waiting for him in my pink panties, laying provocatively on the sofa, my milky white flesh a stark contrast to the black leather.

His eyes bugged-wide the moment he saw me. I smiled and stared at his crotch and as soon as his slacks tented-outward, I went to him, dropped to my knees, and gave him a long, and loving blowjob.

"That was the best, Sugar!" he said.

I watched him quickly fix his clothes then couldn't believe my ears. 

"I have to go, Sugar, have an important meeting!" he said, and as he walked to the door he added: "I won't be able to see you over the weekend---my kids are home from college, and well...I'll see you Monday at one---okay, Sugar?"

I was still on my knees, stunned, and answered, "OH, uh, okay---Daddy..."

And why I said it I don't know, but just before he closed the front door I called out, "Have a good weekend, Daddy!" He didn't reply---I doubted he had heard me.

I remained on my knees trying to understand what had just happened. Pain and yearning filled my heart. 
