 My name is Brett King. When I was six year old my Dad started me on a routine of doing push-ups every morning and every evening before I went to bed. By the time I was in high school, I had been working out at the local gym and my pecs had filled out and my shoulders were wide. My arms had some awesome veins showing along my biceps. I was really proud of my physic. I had earned it. But I have to admit I was most proud of the size of my dick. The other jocks on my baseball team would tease me about how I was "horse hung" but I knew that the attention to my dick was from awe and jealousy. I got the nick name of "King Cock!" 

When I was old enough to attend college, I was already good looking. I was more muscular than most young men my age, and, I was lucky enough to have my Dad's Germanic good looks. At 6'2" and weighing in at 210 pounds of pure muscle, I was an intimidating sight. My chiseled facial features and blond hair were an added bonus. I would like to say that I was a humble lad, but the reality was I was very sure of myself. I would walk into a room and all eyes would be on me. Also, my dick was out of proportion to my body. My body is big, but my dick is humongous! No lie! It's When it is soft it is 8" and thick. When my dick is hard it looks like one of those huge dicks you see in those porno movies! I wouldn't be exaggerating when I tell you that hard my dick was 10 inches long and 5 inches around. I'm not bragging. It's just a fact. A fact that I made sure everyone knows about. It's my way of intimidating others and being sure that I have all the sex and cock worshipers I want!

Sexually, I learned to be somewhat aggressive. I learned early on that having a big dick was a tool for me to use to my advantage. I also learned that being the bad boy got me more pussy than being a nice guy. I was sexually direct with the men and woman I met. I knew that some people were offended, but once they knew I had a big dick, they would be curious and friendly.

The first week in college I was stepping out of the shower when my roommate Eddie came into the bathroom. His eyes darted to my crotch which in my experience was a normal male thing to do. After all, how do you know how you stack up to the other dudes unless you look, right? I took a towel and began drying off, making a show for Eddie. After I see Eddie take a couple more quick looks at my meat I say, "Eddie, pretty good size package I have wouldn't you say? God has really blessed me."

I took a wide stance to frame my meat between my well-muscled legs. I cupped my cock and balls into my hand and lifted them to show Eddie what I meant. Eddie looked and said nervously, "I didn't mean to stare Mike. You are bigger than I expected." Obviously Eddie had been thinking about my dick before he entered the bathroom. I mean, after all he said, I'm bigger than he expected.

Well, I dropped my hands and my package fell back swinging loosely between my legs. I took that time to dry between my legs and rub my cock vigorously with my towel. My tool started to thicken as Eddie looked on mesmerized. I took a step forward and grabbed Eddie behind the neck and pulled him closer. Edie didn't fight me he just looked into my eyes. I then took his hand and placed it under my balls. "Feel how heavy my balls feel," I said. Eddie quickly dropped my meaty nuts and acknowledged that they were hefty. "Yeah, they're big, I don't really need to hold them," he said with some fear in his voice. 

"You think my cock is big now you should see it when it is hard. Let me show you what I mean. Let me show you what all the girls are making all the fuss about," I said. I took a step back and I looked into Eddie's eyes and I said, "Just watch. You aren't going to believe it. My dick really does grow to be pretty impressive. You'll see why my friends call me King Cock!" 

Eddie and I looked on as my dick started to grow in length and in girth. The head of my cock begins to peek out of my foreskin and the veins start to show up on the shaft of my meat. I don't even have to touch my dick. It is getting hard having Eddie staring at it. Eddie continues to stare at my cock as it rises and lengthens. Having Eddie admiring my cock makes my blood pump faster and my erection thickens. My cock begins its pumping action as it lifts itself in the air. The head of my dick is getting darker as it fills with blood. My foreskin has slid back off my glands and the shaft is getting fatter. I look at Eddie, but he doesn't see me. He's staring at my cock become huge. I know what is about to happen, but I need to hold off a little more. The skin on the head of my cock is now being pulled tight and my piss hole is being forced open. I can feel my balls begin rising in their sack. I know I am going to shoot soon. I look down and see how unbelievably hard my cock is. The veins are protruding like ropes around a tree trunk. I am ready to pop! Eddie finally looks up into my eyes and says, "Fuck, that is the biggest fattest cock I have ever seen. You really are King Cock!" With that my cock explodes. A huge rope of cum shoots out of my cock and lands on the crotch of Eddie's pants. Eddie jumps back and the rest of my ejaculation shoots onto the bathroom tile. Eddie cries, "Jesus man, what the fuck happened?"

"I'm sorry Eddie. It's just when someone, talks about how big my cock is, it sets me off and I cum. I didn't mean to cum on you." Eddie grabs some toilet papers and wipes my cum from his pants. I look down and see Eddie's hard dick is outlined through his pant leg. As I watch Eddie clean off his pants, I see a growing wet spot at the head of his dick. I smile to myself. Eddie came! Eddie came without touching himself. I know Eddie is mine now. He doesn't know this, but, he is going to be my personal cum dump!

Eddie places his hands to hide the wet spot seeping through the material of his pants. Eddie is agitated and blurts, "King, I'm not gay! You've got a huge dick that a porn star would be proud to own, but, I'm not interested!"

"Fuck Eddie, I know you are a straight guy. We're roomies. I just wanted to share what I got. Just for informational purposes," I said.

"Right, okay, I knew that. It's a nice cock. Thanks," he says. 

Eddie steps out of the bathroom and I hear the door close as he leaves the apartment. Poor Eddie I thought. I'm sure that messed with his mind plenty. I'll give him some time to process what happened and then I'll bring him a little closer to being my cum eater! I smile as my plan begins to formulate.