 Later that week Eddie brought his girl over to watch a movie with him. I'm sure part of the reason she was there was to show me that he was straight and really wasn't interested in my sizable meat. She was pretty cute. Nice body, big tits, I wouldn't mind fucking her. I bet her pussy would feel nice wrapped around my big dick. I finished with my shower, wrapped the towel around my waist and went into the living room to meet Eddie's new girl Kim.

I knew that I would be fucking with Eddie's mind when I came in to meet Kim. She did what everyone always does when I come into a room, she checked me out. How could she not? I'm practically naked after all. The 6 foot 2 inches of muscle is hard to ignore standing right in front of her face! I give her my best smile and reach down to shake her hand and introduce myself to her. "It's nice to meet you Kim," I say. "Eddie told me a little about you and that you were coming over tonight." I stand there smiling while her eyes travel over my body.

"Hey King," Eddie says. Go get some clothes on buddy. You're making me look bad."

"Sorry Eddie," I say. "Hey Kim, did Eddie tell you that I'm pretty well hung?"

"What the fuck!" Eddie yells.

"Tell her Eddie, tell Kim I got a really big dick," I say with a big smile on my face. Fucking with Eddies mind is so easy. 

Eddie blushes, "Yeah, Yeah, he has a big dick. I saw him when he got out of the shower the other night. Now go get dressed."

"It's true. I do have a nice size cock. You want to see how big my dick is Kim? It's pretty big, I'm a pretty big guy so I got a pretty big dick," I say with pride. I then drop my towel so I'm standing in front of both of them totally naked. I know it was a shock to them both, but I also know every young horny person wants to look at a muscular stud with a big dick. "It's pretty big isn't it Kim?" I cup my package and offer it to the both of them. "What do you think?" Kim looks at me not knowing what to say, but not looking away. "You want to feel how heavy my dick is? Go ahead and touch it. Its okay for Kim to touch my dick isn't it Eddie? Come on Eddie, tell Kim to touch my dick, it's no big deal, it's just a touch."

Eddie is afraid that I might say something about him already touching my dick and then he'll look like a homo. "Okay, if we touch your cock will you go away", asks Eddie? 

"If you and Kim touch my cock for one minute, I'll leave you alone. Just one minute. That will give me a chance to get hard so you'll get the true picture of how hung I am. It's a chance that you probably won't get again. Come on a one time touch, just for curiosity sake."

Kim says, "Okay let's get this over with, and then you will leave us alone right?"

"Right," I say as I position myself in front of them. Both Eddie and Kim move forward on the sofa so they can reach my meat. My cock is just inches away from their faces. Kim reaches forward and gently lifts my balls. Then lets them drop. "Now you try Eddie," I smile. Eddie reaches forward and puts my nuts into his hand and squeezes them while lifting them in his hand. "Keep holding my nuts Eddie. Kim pick up my dick and put your fingers around it." Kim slowly does what I ask. Eddie keeps squeezing my balls and Kim pulls on my dick. Let it get big in your hands. Let's see how big it gets in the next 60 seconds," I say. You keep time Eddie. Okay, 60 seconds starting now." My cock begins to expand while I watch them play with my dick. "Squeeze harder Kim. You won't believe how big I get. My cock is beginning to get hard. The foreskin is slipping back over the head and the big veins are beginning to appear on the shaft. Kim starts to get into her role and jacks my dick a little while Eddie continues to feel my balls. I pass the nine inch mark and I say, "We're almost there Kim. Let's see if we can get the whole 10 inches." My cock continues to widen and the head expands so it looks like a hard helmet on the end of my powerful cock. Kim's eyes are wide open looking intently as my cock continues to grow. I can hear both Eddie and Kim breathing erratically. "Okay, one minute is over," I state. "Kim, you can put your hand all the way around the shaft can you?" Kim wraps her fingers around the hard shaft but can only get her hand around part of it. "Now Eddie, you grab my cock and feel how big it got." Eddie reaches up and squeezes my hard shaft.

"My cock gets pretty big doesn't it? This is just the beginning. As I get closer to cuming, my cock gets harder and thicker. I know its big now, but you should see it right before I blow a load." I give them both a big smile like I'm talking about how nice the weather is. "Okay, you can let my dick go now. I just thought you would like to see how big I get. I'll let you two get back to what you were doing. Nice meeting you Kim. I'll see you tomorrow Eddie." I grab my towel wrap it around my waist and head to my room. Both Kim and Eddie are really quiet as I leave.

I know from experience what was going to happen next. Sure enough, it takes a couple of minutes then I can hear them fucking up a storm. I know I have both of them in my pocket the next time I want to get off. I've vowed to myself to never beat off by myself. If I need to blow a load, I'm going to have someone take care of me. I don't want to waste any of my sperm on a towel or into a toilet bowl. Give me a warm mouth or pussy to gobble up my muscle babies. That way, everybody is happy. Getting Kim and Eddie ready to be my cum dumps involves a little manipulation and a little training.