 A couple evenings later Kim shows up at the apt looking for Eddie. "Kim, Eddie won't be here for another 90 minutes or so. Feel free to wait." I'm wearing my usual apartment attire, a pair of shorts and I'm free balling it. No shirt, pretty much naked except for my thin shorts. I direct Kim to the couch to wait. I head into the kitchen and yell out to Kim, "You want a rum and coke while you wait?" She indicates she does. I decided that I really didn't like Kim. She was taking up too much of Eddie's time. I bring her the drink and sit in the chair across from her with my legs spread wide. I know she can see my dick through the wide leg holes. She takes a couple quick looks when I'm not looking. We have a little small talk and I ask her if she would like another drink. 

I make us both one more and sit across from her again. After a while I can tell she is getting a little buzzed on the drinks so I decide to make my first move. I slide my right hand down between my legs and let it rest in front of my dick. I watch as her eyes travel to my crotch.

I continue to ask Kim how her day is going. Just normal talk while I push the leg of my loose shorts up my leg to let Kim get a good look at my package. "So, Kim what is your first class on Tuesdays," I ask. She gets this funny look on her face but tries her best to keep her eyes on my face, but every once in a while I see her glance down at my crotch. She's pretending that she doesn't notice my cock and balls in clear view. I can see her getting flustered. "I have ah, ah, English Literature with Professor ah, ah fuck I can't remember his name!" she says. I smile my best smile as I go into the kitchen and fix us both another drink. Kim is a little buzzed, but I think another drink would seal the deal. I make Kim's drink with extra rum.

I'm standing right in front of Kim and hand her the drink and say, "Let's down these drinks fast before Eddie gets back." We both drink the rum and coke quickly. I know Kim is interested doing something with me for sure. We just both agreed to down the drinks before Eddie gets back. It's like were doing something sneaky or we don't want to get caught. I'm standing in front of Kim and I know she must be intimidated by me being so close to her, looking down at her. I must seem a pretty substantial guy compared to Eddie.

I say, "So what's your favorite class so far this term?" At the same time I put my foot up on the couch like I'm just shooting the breeze with her. I know my junk is closer to her face than it should be. I have to admit, I do cross the line of decency when it comes to sex. Someone has to be the aggressor. I just make sure it's me. "God, you are really beautiful I say as I lean down like I'm going to kiss her. When my face is close to hers instead of a kiss I say, "Touch my dick before Eddie shows up." I say it like a command. She surprises me and reaches up and begins to fondle my meat. I thought she might take a little more convincing but my dick made her mind up. She wanted to get her hands on it. Sill with my head close to hers I say, "Pull on my dick Kim. I love the feel of a beautiful woman touching my cock." Kim continues to play with my meat until my dick is sticking right in the air. I lean in for the kiss. She opens her mouth and sucks my tongue right in without any nice soft kisses. Damn she must be hot!

I stand up and Kim leans forward and begins licking the head of my dick and playing with my balls at the same time. I know she is hooked now. "Kim, what if Eddie comes back? He might catch us." I step back and pull my dick from her lips and hands. Sorry sweetheart, but I don't want to piss off Eddie if he walks in on us. He's my roomy. I got to think of him." I walk over and look out the window of the apartment like I'm looking to see if Eddie is coming. I say, "Hey, Come over here Kim. That way I can keep a look out for Eddie's car pulling in so he won't catch us. I fucking know she's gonna do it, because she is so hot and bothered by my big dick.

I set my cell phone on the table and set it to video tape what is about to happen. Kim is so buzzed that she doesn't notice that I was recording her. I stand in front of the window while Kim crouches down below the glass. No one can see her blowing me and I have a clear view of the parking lot. While Kim kneels in front of me I start talking to her about how I would like her to give me a good blow job. "Kim, take my dick in as far as you can. Let the head hit the back of your mouth and twirl your tongue around the shaft." Kim slides her face forward and the head hits the back of her mouth and I feel her tongue swirling around my cock. "God Kim, you are really a turn on and you're so beautiful. Eddie is a very lucky guy." I look down and I see her big blue eyes staring up at me and her lips stretched so far around my dick. "Wow, you are so sexy." Actually she looks like a big fish with those huge lips wrapped around my cock. Her eyes are watering from her gagging on my cock.

I put my hand on the back of her head and pull her in. She knows what I want and pushes her face down hard on my dick trying to force it into her throat. Kim gags and bubbles of saliva are forced past her tight lips and drip onto the floor. Man that turns me on. I love having a bitch try so hard to please me that she doesn't mind pushing her boundaries. "That's okay Kim, you don't have to deep throat me this time. It does take a little practice before a cock as big as mine will slide down your throat." Kim decides to rise to the challenge and not disappoint me. She grabs my legs for support and pulls her head forward and as far down as she can go. I feel the head of my dick begin to slide down her throat. Just as the head gets through the back of her mouth I see Eddie pull into the parking lot. I look down and Kim's tearing eyes are looking at me. "That's nice Kim keep your mouth moving." Kim continues to move her head back and forth and making fish moves with her lips trying to take more of my cock down her throat. I see Eddie getting out of the car and I say to Kim, "You really are so beautiful. If you get any more of my cock down your throat you're going to make me shoot my load."

Fish face doesn't need any more encouragement. She wants to please me so bad. I look down and I see Eddie coming into the apartment building. He's going to be here anytime soon. I feel my cock jump as I anticipate what will soon happen. I say "If you give it one more big push, relax your throat and wiggle your lips you'll have my whole dick down your throat. I have never had a beautiful woman take my entire big dick down her throat. Kim pulls off my dick, takes a big breath. She stretches her mouth open as wide as possible and gets my dickhead in her mouth. She puts her hand behind my legs for leverage and then forces her face unto my dick. I look down and see how hard she is trying and love the ways she is choking, her eyes watering and the bubbles of spit being forced out onto the floor. I tell Kim, "Fuck you're beautiful. Play with my balls and I'm gonna cum. Kim grabs my balls starts to pull on my sack. I can hear Eddie's footsteps coming down the hall. 

I can feel my cock bursting at the seams and the cum begin rising from my balls. Every step Eddie gets closer to the apartment gets me more excited. I hear Eddies keys in the door and that send me over the edge. I rip my cock out of Kim's throat and start squirting rope after rope of cum all over her face, while I look at Eddie's face as he comes through the door. I watch as he realizes what he is seeing in front of him. I'm jacking my dick and shooting sperm all over his girlfriend's face. She is on her knees and her face looks like someone threw a bowl of melted ice cream on her mug. I smile and wink at Eddie as he slams the door and I can hear him stomping down the hall.

"Oh fuck!" I say. "Eddie just walked in and saw us while I was cuming on your face. I think we're both in trouble here. He seemed really mad! What are we going to do?" I say with a smile. 

"You were supposed to be watching out the window King. You were going to warn me if he was coming. That's why we were here in front of the window. So you could warn me!" she yelled.

"I'm sorry darling. Watching you suck the cum out of my dick had me distracted. I had no idea he was home," I said as innocent as I could. "But honey, you were really good. I could tell you liked having my big dick in down your throat. You made me cum more than usual. You give a good suck job." But Kim, you need to go into the bathroom and clean the cum off your face and hair. You look a mess. Then you need to go after Eddie." I say with a grin on my face.

"What the fuck are you grinning at," she angrily asked.

"To tell you the truth it's hard to take you seriously with your face covered in cum! Kim, you need to get cleaned up. Be sure to get the cum that's on your neck. It's sliding down into your blouse," I laughed. Kim walks into the bathroom and slams the door shut.

I take that opportunity to play back the video from my phone. Damn, she sure can suck. With a little editing and when the time is right I'll have to share the "Kim Cum video" with Eddie. I'll have to wait until he cools down a bit. I know he'll ultimately be glad to watch me shoot my load on Kim's face. She is such a slut bitch; I don't know what he saw in her.

Kim came out of the bathroom grabbed her coat and opened the hall door. "You dumb fuck!" she said. All you had to do is watch for Eddie to come home. I don't think he'll ever forgive me. It's your fault King! You and your big fucking cock!"

"Well Kim, if I came home and found my girlfriend drenched in cum from some muscle dude, I would have a hard time forgiving her too. Thanks for the blowjob Kim," I laughed. "You've got a real talent for sucking the cum right out of a guy." Kim slammed the door shut. My work was done. I was exhausted. I would deal with Eddie when he got back home. I know I could calm him down. I'm pretty good explaining my way out of these types of situations. I've had enough of them. The odd thing was that I knew Kim would be back. She'll forgive me. She'll want another chance with my big dick!