 Eddie came home a couple hours later. He had just witnessed me shooting a load on his girlfriend's face and he was still furious! "How could you cum on Kim's face like that? You know she's my girlfriend!" he growled madly. "You come out last week in your towel and drop it for us to see your giant cock and you show us how big it gets. Who does that? Who hauls out their dick when he just meets someone? I don't care how big it gets. That is just wrong!" Eddie yells. "You're a fucking trip!"

Eddie was furious! He looked like he was going to cry. The truth was, I wasn't sure why, I humiliated Kim in front of Eddie. It's just that I thought Eddie was too good for the skank! He needed someone who cared about him and not someone who would rather eat sperm out of a thick dick. I really didn't think he would be so upset. I may have gone too far this time. I stood there like a dumb jock in my shorts and didn't know how to respond to him.

"You think that because you have a big dick that you can get away with anything! Well you'll never be my friend that's for sure! As soon as I find a way to get out of our lease, I'm out of here." Eddie sat defeated on the floor in front of the sofa. He was clearly more upset than I had imagined. God, I felt awful. The poor guy looked so helpless. I guess I hadn't thought this all the way through.

I went and sat down on the couch behind Eddie. He was on the floor with his back to me, between my legs. I put my hands on his shoulders and began to massage his shoulders. Eddie sighed. I leaned down and said softly, "Eddie, I'm so sorry I acted like an asshole. I really didn't mean to hurt you. I really like you.

"I'm from a small town where liking men can get you beat up or worse. I was trying to come out to you, but, I'm afraid I made a mess of it. It's just that I'm going through some things, some feelings that I am trying to work out. That day you saw me get out of the shower you surprised me. I get out of the shower buck naked and there you are standing there looking at me. You're really an attractive guy. I couldn't help but get hard looking at your handsome face. I made that stuff up about look how big I get. Look at what all the girls make a fuss about. I said those things to hide the fact that I couldn't control my hard on. Why do you think I got so hard without even touching my dick? It was because I was looking at you. Then when you said I had the biggest fucking dick you ever saw, I lost it. That's when I shot cum on your pants. You turn me on Eddie. I hoped that I did the same for you. Then you left so quickly. I was confused and I was embarrassed. I liked you, but evidently, you didn't like me."

"Then when you brought Kim back here, I thought I would fuck with you a bit and came out of the bathroom naked. I wanted Kim to be intimidated by me. I wanted her leave. While I was standing there I could only get hard looking at you and when you touched my cock, I thought I was going to explode again. That's when I went back to my room. I heard the two of you fucking out here. Not what I intended to happen! That is when I hatched the plan to get Kim to blow me and I would tape it.

While she was blowing me, I was having a difficult time, staying hard, until I saw your car in the parking lot. The thought of you catching me in the act of shooting on Kim's face got me real hard and close to popping. By the time you opened the door and I looked at your handsome face, I shot my load. It was you I was thinking of when I came. I know it was stupid, but, I wanted you to break up with her. I wanted you for myself." We both sat there quietly for several minutes.

"King, I feel the same about you, but, I thought you would think I was gay and not like me. I guess we both were thinking the other one was straight. King the truth is I wanted to touch your gorgeous cock."

It was then that I noticed that my cock had worked its way out of the leg of my shorts and was hanging over Eddie's shoulder. That wasn't intentional, but I could feel it filling and thickening fast. Before I could stuff it back in my pants, Eddie turned his head and his lips brushed my growing cock! "I'm so sorry Eddie. I didn't mean for that to happen!" 

"Don't worry King. I have been waiting for this." Eddie started giving my cock soft kisses. "Eddie, you don't have to do that!"

"No I don't have to. I want to." By now my dick was standing straight out. Eddie was tracing the thick purple vein that ran from the base of my cock and snaked its way up to the meaty foreskin with his tongue. The feeling was incredible. There was an emotion that was present that I wasn't used to. It was the first time I actually felt connected to the guy who was licking my cock. It was the first time I admitted that I was gay to anyone. I felt so vulnerable but so horny!

With one hand Eddie lifted up my cock and licked the underside of the shaft from bottom to top. I so didn't want to come. I just wanted to edge for as long as possible. Then Eddie lowered his head and sucked my right ball into his mouth. The warmth and the wetness were overwhelming. I heard myself grown with pleasure. Eddie continued to pull my nuts with his lips and ran his tongue around my balls until I couldn't stand it anymore. "Eddie please, you're going to make me cum." Eddie released my scrotum and brought his lips to the head of my cock. Eddie kissed the head of my cock so lightly, but it was like an electric current was running through my dick. The veins on my dick filled to the bursting point. I was shaking in anticipation of shooting my load. If Eddie didn't stop, I couldn't hold back.

Just then Eddie stretched his mouth open wide and began to force my dick head into his mouth. "No Eddie, you're going to make me cum!" Eddie pushed his face harder onto my dick and I felt his lips slide tightly over the dark purple head. Then it hit me! My cock just was enveloped by a moist warm cavity. This is what heaven feels like! Eddie's tongue got busy as he licked all around the bloated head. My shaking became uncontrollable I was fighting to hold back. I wasn't ready to cum yet.

Then Eddie reached up with his hand and grabbed my balls and pulled them down stretching my ball sack to its limits. My eyes rolled back into my head. Noises began coming out of my mouth from deep within my soul. I couldn't form any words. I felt as if I left my body. I was on the edge. That was when I felt Eddie reach behind me and touched my asshole! I fucking lost it. My dick exploded! Rope after rope of cum flew from my dick into Eddie's waiting mouth. With every shot of cum shooting out of my dick, my body and mind convulsed. I swear I saw God! I have never been happier in my life!

Eddie continued to hold my cock in his mouth as it started its passage to its semi-soft state. I watched Eddie suck more and more of my softening cock in his mouth. His tongue continued to lap at any more cum that was drooling out of my dick. I looked down and saw a huge wet spot on Eddie's pants where his dick head spewed out his pent up sperm. I was glad he had cum too.

We both sat there quietly for a while. Reflecting on how glad we were to share that we both are gay and basking in the glow of amazing orgasms. I couldn't believe the intensity of our experience. It had never felt so amazing before. I have been waiting for a long time to share my body with; someone who I could care about, someone who will be around for more than one night, someone who is gay like me.

As I played the incredible sex over in my mind, my dick started to thicken again. Oh well! Time for round Two!