 Hi...this is not a true story, just a fantasy of mine. I've written it in a sort of stripped-down, masculine style...if you'd like to hear more, please let me know.

********

I don't know where the curiosity began, really. I can't put my finger on the moment but one day, out of the blue, images just started popping into my head when I made love to my girlfriend.

One moment I was on top of her, taking her from behind - slow and sweaty on a Saturday afternoon. She was moaning and bucking her hips and a sheen of perspiration covered us both. I closed my eyes, relaxed and immersed in my own pleasure...and realized that I was picturing a smooth, muscular man beneath me.

My eyes flew open, shocked. What the hell was that, I wondered. 

And it kept happening. While she was going down on me. Next, when I was going down on her. That one really blew my mind, but even more surprising was how hard the image made me. In time, I just started going with it....a fantasy is a fantasy, after all. I wasn't uptight about a homoerotic aspect to my own sexuality, just startled.

Then one day, a year or so after that relationship ended, I found myself in a gay chat room watching messages fly by.

Nothing really struck my interest, to tell you the truth. I felt awkward even watching the messages scroll by. Lots of semi-literate, one-handed typists eager for attention, it seemed to me.

I went on my way, a little disturbed by own behaviour. Was I bisexual? 

I found myself masturbating to gay porn on occasion, or fantasizing...playing out scenarios in my head while I jerked off. I kept hitting gay chat rooms, sporadically. Men would hit on me, but it didn't go anywhere until Jake.

Jake worked in downtown Toronto, just like me. He was slightly older - 35, and very well typed. Call me a snob, but nothing kills the mood quite like a punctuation or grammatical error in the middle of some good cybersex.

Jake and I hit it off in a chat room, and began chatting on a semi-regular basis over the period of a couple weeks. He was much like myself in terms of orientation...much more into women, but with the occasional....urge. He had had a partner before, but wasn't into the scene and was very careful.

I had cybersex with Jake - hesitantly at first. We would exchange porn links and talk about what we were doing to ourselves...then about what we'd like to do to each other. Lacking experience, I found myself resorting to my fantasies for material and imagery. He didn't seem to mind. The upshot was that it was good, and Jake asked if I wanted to exchange photos with him.

And so I found myself up against a boundary. Should I? Shouldn't I? I declined, but Jake said he felt comfortable enough to show me a pic on MSN. In short, he looked exactly how he had described himself, to my relief. Short, salt and pepper hair. A lean, muscular frame. Smooth. The next time, we had phone sex and I don't think I'd ever been so hard in my life. We just talked for awhile, warming up to each other and letting the anticipation grow. By the time we started talking dirty, I was hard as a rock. 

Afterwards, I decided to show Jake my own pic...and he was similarly relieved. I lived up to my billing - 5'11", 170 lbs. A lean frame, with some chest hair. I was also packing the cut six inches I had told him about, but he didn't know that.

The next time we had cybersex, we found ourselves fantasizing about meeting up in a hotel room in downtown Toronto. He talked about how he wanted to rent a room for an afternoon and spend the day watching porn and teaching me everything I wanted to learn. Good lord, that got me going...and he could tell. We quickly took the action to the phone and exploded on each other verbally.

In the aftermath, I had time to toy with the idea...where was the line, here? How much was fantasy, and how much would I actually enjoy it? By the time we had the conversation, I had already made up my mind. He brought it up when we talked on the phone.

"So...you know that fantasy we had about meeting in that room?", he asked.

"Yes."

"Do you think you'd like to do that for real?"

With a slight pause I replied "When and where?"

And so it went.

We met up at the Holiday Inn on King, just south of the Entertainment District. I took the streetcar there, enjoying the sights of the bustling downtown core and theatre district. I checked my appearance in a mirror as I arrived, then headed to the room he had confirmed.

He was already enjoying a drink when I arrived. We shook hands awkwardly, then laughed and hugged. He poured me a drink and we sat on opposite sides of the bed, making small talk as we got settled in.

"So...", he began. "Care to watch a movie?"

"Sure," I said. I knew where he was going, but enjoyed the feeling of being led into the encounter. I went to the washroom to wash my face while he flipped around. By the time I returned, the screen was filled with naked bodies and the speaker was emitting low moans and wet slapping sounds.

He'd picked something suitably sleazy and had eased out of his pants and shirt. My eyes flicked over his body, well maintained and smooth. His arms and chest bulged nicely. He blushed slightly when our eyes met, then his gaze flicked back to the screen.

I crossed in front of him, pulling off my shirt as I went. I stopped to pull of my socks, then dropped my pants to the floor and joined him on the bed, feeling suddenly a little lost on what to do next. Taking my cue from him, I lay back and watched. I could hear him breathing heavily.

After a few moments I began to relax and enjoy the sights in front of me. A large, well-endowed and well-tattooed man was receiving pleasure from a busty, foul-mouthed Asian vixen. 

"Wow," was all I could say, feeling myself begin to stiffen. My face felt flushed and my head was spinning.

"Yeah," was his only response.

I let my hand drop to my crotch and began to rub. Out of the corner of my eye I could see he was doing the same.

"Look at that cock," he whispered.

"Mmhmm..." I slipped my fingers inside my boxer briefs and found myself engorged and swollen, as I knew I would be.

I looked over and saw that he had pulled out his cock. It lay in his hand, thick and smooth - much larger than mine. He was about seven inches long, thick and clean. My eyes locked on it...the first time I had been in the presence of another man's naked, hard cock. The thing I'd been fantasizing about. Right in front of me. Thoughts of the movie fled and I found my gaze trapped by the sight of his hand wrapping and sliding up and down that long, beautiful shaft. the head was red and swollen.

Our eyes met, then he looked towards my crotch. Wordlessly, I knew what he wanted. I slipped my underwear off and lay there naked before him. Now it was his turn to flush and devour me with his eyes. We sat there for a minute, in silence, slowly stroking our cocks and watching each other. We both began to smile as the tension broke.

"Damn, this is hot, " I said.

"Fuck yes," he whispered.

"But we're not here for that porn," I replied.

"No...we're here for each other."

"Yeah...."

"You have a beautiful fucking cock."

"So do you, baby."

"You like that meat, eh?"

"Yeah...can I touch it?"

I moved then, and sat on my heels across from him, legs spread. I took his hand in mine and led it my swollen dick. His eyes closed as he wrapped his hand around it..I think he almost came right there. He regained control, though, and began to stroke me from root to tip with his slightly rough hand.

I was in heaven. My cock was being pleasured, and the dirty words began to spill out of me.

"That's it, baby...stroke that cock....wrap your hand around that fucking cock and service my hot meat...."

He flushed and I saw his cock jump slightly in his hand. 

"You like that cock, baby?"

"Yeah, I fucking love it."

"Mmmm....I love yours, too..." I had been eyeing it continuously while he stroked me. Flushing further, I reached over without asking, and took it into my palm. It didn't feel like I expected...it was hard, but not as heavy as I expected. But it was smooth. Beautifully smooth. I ran my thumb around his head in circles, watching it intently. I heard his breathe hiss between his teeth, and then a warm sensation engulfed me.

I looked down and realized he had replaced his hand with his mouth.

Oh. My. Fucking. God. 

I was getting head from a man.

And damn.

I thought I was going to cum in 30 seconds flat. He began flicking the underside of my cock with his tongue...sliding the smooth wetness around the head...allowing his thick, hot saliva to run down the length of my shaft so he could stroke me in time with his mouth.

In the meantime, I continued stroking his hard cock. The feel of it in my hand was so enticing, so erotic...another man's thickness in my palm. Suddenly I had to have it in my mouth.

I rolled over on top of him gently, moving so that my cock stayed between his lips. I stayed there for a few seconds, straddling his face...slowly pumping my hips back and forth....fucking his mouth, just like we had talked about. All the while, though, I was hypnotized by the big head staring at me from between my encircling fingers.

Hesitation fled. I took him into my mouth, wrapping my lips over my teeth to protect his sensitive head. I flicked it with my tongue and heard him moan around my girth.

Slowly, achingly slowly, I began to work up and down his head, taking a bit more of him into my mouth with each downstroke. I took his balls into my hand, squeezing them one after the other, playing with his heavy, shaved balls while I sucked his hot fucking cock. I felt myself swelling and swelling.

Knowing the end was nearing for both of us, we both sped up simultaneously. I increased my suction, and heard my lips slurping and popping around his head as I sucked his cock fervently.

Jesus...I'm going to cum....

The thought radiated through both of us. We both stiffened, then began fucking each other's mouths uncontrollably, bucking, shaking...and shooting. Shooting our loads deep into each other's waiting, wet mouths.

And then it was time for a shower.