 Chapter 12: Professor Morris's Tutoring Session

Since I was so weak from the intense movie session that happened. Quinn picked me up and carried me back to my room on my bed. I would have been blown away at his action but I was too drunk tired to even notice it.

After we finished the movie I got my first sample of Vodka. Quinn made me drink it, even though I didn't want it and I wasn't surprise at how bad it tasted, knowing from my friends habits back in high school. I also tried weed for the first time, Keon had provided. To my surprise I actually liked it. What really topped the night for me was Quinn letting me lay on him while we smoked and drank together and watched TV. It felt so right being between him like that with his arm around me. It was almost like we were a newfound couple. The whole night was definitely full of firsts that I will never forget.

I woke up the next morning feeling the worst I had ever felt in a long time. My ass was sore, my legs were cramped from all the positions I was in, and my throat was sore. I had slept in a really bad position causing my arms to feel out of place. I really didn’t feel like going to class at all, but I had to make up for the last two classes I had missed. This was definitely not a good start for me.

I took my time doing my normal morning duties not really caring if I was late. I decided to peak in Quinn's room before I left and to my surprise he wasn't there. I figured maybe he had gone to class early, but it was strange that he wasn't as hung over as I was.

When I arrived at my math class, Professor Morris had just begun to teach about the subject. I looked around for Jamal but I didn't see him. That's when I felt bad. I totally forgot about that argument we had. I hope that he doesn't skip class because of me. 

I sat near the front and noticed Professor Morris's eyes on me the whole time. He looked like he was trying to figure out what was wrong with me but he still kept on teaching. Class of course drug on and I started getting sleepy, as soon as I was about to go into a deep sleep I heard all the chairs moving around startling me. Everyone is leaving.

I went to get up but Professor Morris stopped me, "Tyler can I talk to you for a second?" "Yeah sure sir." I say. We walk over to his desk and waited for everyone to leave the class. "Tyler, are you feeling okay? You don't look so well." Professor Morris asked once everyone left. "I'm just a little tired that’s all, you know from all the studying from classes." I say covering up the real truth. 

"I see... You know if your struggling with anything, Darius can help out?" he asked.

"Don't worry he's already done that... I mean..." Opps did I just say that out loud???

"Oh, okay. Well I don't want to see you missing anymore of my classes, so if you really need help don't be afraid to stop by my office." He said. He took out a pen and wrote on a piece of paper and gave it to me. "This is the number to my office, I'm usually available everyday until 9. Just let me know ahead of time." he said. "Thanks Professor Morris... but... I have to wonder... Why are you trying to help me so much?" I ask in curiosity.

"Well I kinda feel for you, I know what its like to be the only minority in school. I didn't get help when I was growing up in an all white school back in the 60's, but I feel like now things have changed and its time to give back." he said.

"Gotcha. Well thanks professor." I say walking away.

"Get some rest too!" He shouted.

When I got back to my room I decided to start on my homework immediately. I really needed to show the Professor that I do care, and all this fuckin' around I was doing was not going to help. 

I was about two hours into my assignment when I heard a knock on my door. I go to the door and see Darius standing there with a huge a grin on his face.

"Hi Darius... wassup dude?" I ask happy to see him.

"Hey my dad told me all about you needing some help with math, he wanted me to stop by and check up on you." He said. 

"Oh... I'm okay... No problems." I say. "Did you want to come in?" I ask.

"Actually I'm heading over to my dad's office now, were going to the gym." he said. Then I realized he had his gym clothes on.

"You know what, I do have a few questions on a few problems... do you mind if I walk with you?" I say.

"No problem man." he said happily. I went and grabbed my books really quick and we walked out together. 

On our way to Mr. Morris's office, I asked him how he knew how I knew about Mr. Morris being his father. "He told me that he saw you on your way out of my room." He responded. "Oh I guess that makes since." I say feeling a little embarrassed about the obvious question.

"Anyway about the last time we met up." Darius started. "I don't think I told you, but that was the best sex I ever had in my life." I smiled from his comment. "I've been with only two other guys before and a female, but you?... You topped everything on my freak wish list." he said with a laugh. "Where did you learn to do all that?" he asked. 

"Thanks, but I can't talk about that." I say.

"I see. Well If you ever wanna do that again, my door is always opened for you." he said.

"Cool man, I'll let you know." I say with a friendly smile.

We arrived at Mr. Morris's office. It was a pretty big office, definitely not what I was expecting furnishing wise but it still looked nice.

"Hey Darius... Oh, Tyler! I wasn't expecting you." Mr. Morris said noticing me. He stood up from his seat, giving me a view of his half exposed body. My mouth dropped from looking at all the muscle packed on him covered by arm cut T-shirt and gym shorts. He was just as built as Tayshawn but Tayshawn was taller. He looked damn sexy for a man in his late forties! "I'm sorry Professor." I say. "I just had a few questions, but I see since your about to go and work out it can wait." I say.

"Oh, no don't worry about it. I don't have another class to go to, just the gym and the gym can wait." He said. "You don't mind do you Darius?" I ask.

"No it's cool man I have no class planned for today." he said.

"Awesome." Professor Morris pulled out two chairs in front of his desk and Darius sat down next to me. 

I showed them my problems and while the Professor looked at the problems, I reached over and started feeling up Darius's crotch. He looked down at my hand and smiled. This went on for a while with me feeling him, his dick was completely hard in my hand.  

"Are you getting all of this?" The professor asked. "Yeah, I definitely got something." I say. I wink at Darius and I think the professor caught it. 

"Hmmm, I think I know what's going on here." The Professor said. "I was wondering why you were sleeping so early in the day when I came to give you your gym bag Darius. Your room had a strange smell, and there you were standing there Tyler." Darius and I looked at the Professor, kind of shocked that he was putting this all together. "I knew something had went down when I noticed a drip of white stuff going down your leg Tyler.

My mouth dropped from hearing that. 

"So how long have you two been messing around?" The Professor asked. We both didn't say anything from being in shock. "I guess the apple really doesn't fall far from the tree huh?" He said. 

Then I got confused. "What are you talking about dad?" Darius asked. 

"When I was your age, I messed around with a guy I was going to school with. The guy was the hottest fuck I ever had." He said smiling from his reminiscing.

I looked at Darius and his mouth was on the floor. "You know its funny Tyler," The Professor began, "He tutored me in math, and you know how it is... one thing led to another and BAM, I had that white boy on his back begging for more." 

The Professor leaned back in his chair and his arm slowly slid down his pants. "That was probably one of the best times of my life... then I met your mother Darius." His whole tone changed then. "But I don't wanna talk about her." He said.

"Your right." I say getting up from my chair, "Is it okay If I see what you got down there Professor?" I asked politely. 

"If only you can handle it, Tyler." he said sensually. "Yeah I definitely think I can handle anything." I say thinking about Quinn's 11-inch thick cock. 

I got down on my knees in front and began to rub his bulge. "Darius what did I tell you about leaving your mouth open like that?" The Professor said. I had completely forgot Darius was even in the room. 

"That a bug will fly in it." he said quietly. "That's right, move over here and watch Tyler take your father's cock." he said shifting in his seat. 

I pulled out a huge dick, darker then the rest of his caramel complected skin. It was big, fat and black, just the way I like em. "Wow it's so big Professor...but I KNOW I can take it all." "Go head Tyler and start sucking." He said. 

I began sucking him the way I did Quinn's big dick. It was thick like Quinn's so this wasn't that bad. I sucked him good and hard, moaning loudly and making sure I made lots of sexy slurps and smacks along his cock. I was putting on a show for Darius. I glanced over at Darius and he had his big dick out jerking it. 

"Damn Tyler... Your a pretty damn good cocksucker." The Professor said. "You taught him well son." I just let the Professor assume it was Darius that taught me everything I know. 

Soon I started getting that tingly feeling deep inside my ass again. That meant my ass was hungry for cock. The Professor's dick was perfect for going deep and scratching it. I slurped off of the professors dick long enough to say, "Please fuck sir! I want it so bad." 

"Don't worry your gonna get, you keep suckin' me off and get it wet. I'm gonna fuck you hard just like I did my tutor." He said. I reached in and pulled out his big hairy balls and tugged at them, doing that caused more of his hot precum to fill up my mouth. "Oh Tyler... Your amazing.... suck me just like that.... Damn its been so long!" He said. 

I worked the Professor hard with my lips, running my tongue up and down his shaft, Fuck he tasted so good, and so fuckin' manly. It was turning me on so much. "Tyler you gotta stop or I will shoot." The professor pulled my head off his dick. "Suck Darius off. I know he wants it too."

I move over to Darius, his dick was covered in precum, and sucked him down whole. "Oh Fuck!!!!" Darius shouted. "Oh my God Tyler? Is this why you've been missing class? You just swallowed all of my son's big dick?!" The Professor shouted. I stopped sucking long enough to state, "I'm sorry Professor, I'm just so... hungry for cock." I say then I attacked his dick. "Well were gonna fix that tonight. Your not missing another morning of my class." The Professor said. 

I moaned and slurped on Darius like it was my last dick to suck. It was good he was sitting because he would have lost his balance from the shaking he was doing. "Dad this feels so good. Can I please fuck him first?" Darius asked. "Go ahead son, I wanna see how you do it." The Professor said. 

The professor cleared off his desk and told me to lie on my back. I took my clothes off and laid back and stretched my legs out far, giving them a perfect view of my ass. "Damn son! That ass looks like its been used a lot! Look how red it is!" The Professor said then putting his finger up my ass. "Dad I got a confession... I only fucked him one time." Darius said. The Professor looked at me with his mouth gaped open. 

"Now I really see what's going on." He said, "Your whoring yourself around the school aren't you Tyler? That's why your missing class." "No Professor its not like..." He cut me off saying, "Don't lie, I know how you white boys are. I fucked with them for years." I was shocked to hear the Professor say that. That was something I would expect Quinn to say. 

"You know what son, I'm fucking this boys ass, your taking his mouth. I gotta do something that hasn't been done for years." The Professor said. "What’s that dad?" Darius asked. "I gotta punish my student. He's been missing my class to go and fuck around with everyone on campus, its time for him to know whose BOSS. This ass is not gonna miss another class after I'm done with him." 

"Go and stick your dick in his mouth to keep him from shouting too loud." He said. I was nervous, the professor’s whole tone changed into something I would have never expected. What was he going to do to me?? The Professor then started stripping off the rest of his clothes revealing his massively built body. I felt my ass beginning to twitch just from looking at his unbelievably sexy body... It made me wonder why his wife and him were divorcing....

Darius came around and crammed his dick down my throat and I accepted him. "Look at this nasty ass." The Professor said, "Looks more like a fuckin' a pussy to me. Who ever did this to you knows how to use his dick." After that was said, I felt my ass being pried opened from his dick. "MMMmmmmMMMM!!!!" I moan. It didn't take long for every thick inch of the Professor's cock to hit deep inside of me. The cock that my ass craved was now fulfilled. The Professor wasted no time in fucking me hard. 

I was moaning and yelling like a little bitch I just know they were all turned on by it. "You fuckin' slut!... Take my fuckin' dick deep!" The Professor said. "Yeah fuck him Dad! Give him the big dick!" Darius said. The table shook from the intense pounding he was giving me, I was heaven, my dream come true. Getting filled at both ends by my teacher and his son, I will have to tell my son this one day!

"Please fuck me sir!" I yell. "Fuck me with that big fuckin' black cock!" 

"Shut up bitch and suck that dick!" Darius demanded. "You know what I'm turning this bitch over." The Professor said. He pulled his cock out of me and flipped me over his desk with my ass in the air. "God damn this is the best ass I ever seen on a white boy." With that said the Professor slammed his dick back inside of me making me shout. 

Then the Professor went wild on me, smacking my ass hard and spitting on me. This was totally not expected coming from such a classy man! "I'm gonna make this ass red like this fuckin' carpet!" He said. He slapped my ass hard and fucked me all at the same time. "Slap his ass son! He needs it!" Darius did as he was told and was left there taking it like a good bitch. 

"Oh God this feels so good! Fuck me daddy! Smack my fuckin' ass hard!" I say. "You like that bitch?" Darius said. "My dad's gonna knock this ass up like I did, and I'm gonna do it again!" Darius said. "Yes please breed that ass, its all yours sir!" I shout like a desperate whore in heat. 

"You dirty muthafuckin' slut! I'm gonna shoot all up in this white ass. Squeeze that fuckin' dick." The Professor said. I did so as hard as I could, "Oh yeah! I'm cumming!!! FUCK!" The professor shoot his load deep inside of me, there was so many squirts of jizz shooting out of him that I lost count. Darius shot just as much as his daddy did! 

"Oh fuck! Dad that was HOT! Can I fuck him now?" Darius asked. His dad didn't respond immediately because he was still caught up in the rapture. His father pulled out letting some of his cum spill out of me and Darius replaced him. "Oh shit dad! This feels great!" Darius shouted. 

The Professor came around to me, his body coated with sweat and his dick still rock hard and slimy with our juices lubed on it. "Suck it off." was all he said, and I went to town on the dick. "Fuck that bitch hard son. Get that nut off in him." The Professor said. "Dad this ass is so good, I feel like cumming already." Darius said.

"Well give it to him. Give that bitch what he needs." It was hard to believe the Professor had brought me down to that level, I began to wonder if he would still respect me as a person after this....

"I'm gonna shoot Dad!... Oh My.... OHHH FUCCCKKKKK!!!!!" Darius shot most of his load inside of me then he did an unexpected thing and pulled out. He walked over to my face and sprayed the rest of his cum on my face. I lapped it up like a hungry dog. He wiped his dick on my face spread his juice around my cheeks. 

We were quiet for a moment, letting our breathing take over the room, and then the Professor began putting on his gym clothes again. Then the most shocking thing happened. The Professor's attitude had changed.

"Well I think I had my work out for the night. I'll see you tomorrow son, Tyler, this was a definite pleasure. I will be seeing you bright and early for math. Have a good night boys." Then he left his office. I looked at Darius and he looked back at me not really getting what just happened either. 

"That was some tutoring session was it Tyler?" Darius said.

END of Part 12! 

him well son." I just let the Professor assume it was Darius that taught me everything I know.

Soon I started getting that tingly feeling deep inside my ass again. That meant my ass was hungry for cock. The Professor's dick was perfect for going deep and scratching it. I slurped off of the professors dick long enough to say, "Please fuck sir! I want it so bad."

"Don't worry your gonna get, you keep suckin' me off and get it wet. I'm gonna fuck you hard just like I did my tutor." He said. I reached in and pulled out his big hairy balls and tugged at them, doing that caused more of his hot precum to fill up my mouth.

"Oh Tyler... Your amazing.... suck me just like that.... Damn its been so long!" He said.

I worked the Professor hard with my lips, running my tongue up and down his shaft, Fuck he tasted so good, and so fuckin' manly. It was turning me on so much.

"Tyler you gotta stop or I will shoot." The professor pulled my head off his dick. "Suck Darius off. I know he wants it too." I move over to Darius, his dick was covered in precum, and sucked him down whole.

"Oh Fuck!!!!" Darius shouted.

"Oh my God Tyler? Is this why you've been missing class? You just swallowed all of my son's big dick?!" The Professor shouted.

I stopped sucking long enough to state, "I'm sorry Professor, I'm just so... hungry for cock." I say then I attacked his dick.

"Well were gonna fix that tonight. Your not missing another morning of my class." The Professor said.

I moaned and slurped on Darius like it was my last dick to suck. It was good he was sitting because he would have lost his balance from the shaking he was doing. "Dad this feels so good. Can I please fuck him first?" Darius asked.

"Go ahead son, I wanna see how you do it." The Professor said.

The professor cleared off his desk and told me to lie on my back. I took my clothes off and laid back and stretched my legs out far, giving them a perfect view of my ass.

"Damn son! That ass looks like its been used a lot! Look how red it is!" The Professor said then putting his finger up my ass.

"Dad I got a confession... I only fucked him one time." Darius said. The Professor looked at me with his mouth gaped open.

"Now I really see what's going on." He said, "Your whoring yourself around the school aren't you Tyler? That's why your missing class."

"No Professor its not like..." He cut me off saying, "Don't lie, I know how you white boys are. I fucked with them for years." I was shocked to hear the Professor say that. That was something I would expect Quinn to say.

"You know what son, I'm fucking this boys ass, your taking his mouth. I gotta do something that hasn't been done for years." The Professor said.

"What's that dad?" Darius asked.

"I gotta punish my student. He's been missing my class to go and fuck around with everyone on campus, its time for him to know whose BOSS. This ass is not gonna miss another class after I'm done with him."

"Go and stick your dick in his mouth to keep him from shouting too loud." He said.

I was nervous, the professor's whole tone changed into something I would have never expected. What was he going to do to me?? The Professor then started stripping off the rest of his clothes revealing his massively built body. I felt my ass beginning to twitch just from looking at his unbelievably sexy body... It made me wonder why his wife and him were divorcing.... Darius came around and crammed his dick down my throat and I accepted him.
