 I was seriously still floating on another planet on my way back to my dorm. The Professor and his son literally turned me out, I never thought I would ever screw a father and his son at the same time. I walked with two generations of there family genes inside of me and smiling like I had just won a million bucks.

That's when I noticed every guy I passed by was staring at me. And this was not just a usual "That's a white boy" stare it was more like an "I want to get with you" stare. I even had two random guys come up to me ask to meet up with me after they had finished working out at the gym. I declined and ran back to my room, adding more pain to my legs then before. 

When I got back I saw Quinn on the couch with his shirt off smoking weed like yesterday. He was on his laptop. 

"Hey, your just in time for the show." Quinn said. His voice sounding groggy.

"What show?" I ask. I walk over to him and saw me on the computer screen in Quinn's bed pleasuring myself on some website. 

"WHAT THE?.... QUINN!" I ran over and sat next to him watching myself on some website called X-Tube. 

"That's you." Quinn said. 

"Your the new celebrity now." he said. He fast forward through it showing the extreme close up shots of my ass taking his dick. 

My moaning was loud and I didn't even realize I was that loud. I was even saying things I don't even remember saying. 

"I can't believe... you put this online..." I didn't even know what to say or how to react. 

"That's right, see the title?" Quinn said. It said, King University's New Slut on top. Now everyone knows what school I go too! I started having doubts...

"Quinn you need to take this off." I say seriously. 

"Whatchu mean take it off? I thought you wanted this?" he said. 

"I did, but not like this... not for the world to see it. I want to be a mainstream movie actor, not a porn actor." I say.

"You were down with this last night.... look at it this way. If you ever get turned down in mainstream Hollywood, you always got this to fall back on." Quinn said. 

"But what If I got picked up by someone really wanted to turn me into something phenomenal, and then they see this. Everyone would know about this video!" I say.

"Well its too late now cuz look at your fan base." Quinn pointed at the screen and it said over 690 fans and just over 700 hits.

"Oh My God.... all these people saw this video just from one night!? How the hell?" I say. 

"Let's just say, I let the school in on the action too." he said with the devilish smile. 

I laid back on the chair not believe Quinn had just said that to me. There was no way they are going to let me stay in this school now. 

Oh fuck! Now my parents are going to find out about this and they will disown me! All my friends from high school will find out and tell everyone else. Quinn just ruined my dream!!!!!!!!!!

"Quinn! You really have to take this down! What if the Dean sees this? I will be kicked out!!" I scream freaking out.

Quinn responded calmly "Relax white boy, the Dean's not gonna find out unless you tell him.... Damn look at all these comments everyone put about you." he said changing the subject.

"I don't care!!! Word of fuckin' mouth remember?! Eventually one of the teachers will hear about it and they will tell him! Quinn, please... Without the Dean, I wouldn't have been here. Please take the video off." I beg. 

He looked at me, then shook his head. "Alright. It'll be off after I come back from class." he said. 

"Thank you... Thank you so much dude...." I reached over to hug him but he stopped me. 

"What the fuck are you doin?" he asked angrily. 

"I thought... I was....we were..." I stuttered. 

"We were what? Lovers? Are you crazy?? I don't fall in love wit nobody, especially with white bitches. I'm just fuckin' you and nothin more than that." Quinn said. 

My heart dropped to my stomach, just when I thought something could happen between us, it turned out to be just sex. 

"I'm bout to leave" He said calmly, "But you can look at the comments people wrote about you. See if you change your mind." 

"Don't worry my mind is made up." I say quickly. 

He walked out the door and looked through every single message that people had wrote about me. Guys that were wishing they were in my position, guys saying how sexy I was and how they wanted to fuck me raw just like that. 

Of course there was a few haters, but most of them were very positive. A few guys even putting there numbers on the site just for me to call and hook up with them. I really felt exposed, but strangely all there comments were turning me on. 

I thought about it all the way back to my room and on my bed. Was I making the right decision doing this? I liked the attention, but not like this! I wanted people to respect me as an actor, someone that there kids could look up too and here I was fucking three black men all captured on film. 

I needed help but who could I go to for help? 

There was a knock on the front door that woke me up from my thoughts. I went to the door and was surprised to see Jamal standing there with another very tall man who looked just like him. He looked upset.

"So your King University's New Slut huh?" Jamal asked. My mouth dropped. "Jamal....it's not what it looks like..." 

"... Don't worry about it, I know whats up." he said cutting me off. "Get inside." he demanded. I backed away feeling a little scared. The man next to him must of have been his brother he was telling me about. 

"You know it hit me hard when I found out someone else had took your cherry before me. I just didn't want to admit it." Jamal said, his brother shutting the door and locking it. I backed up next to the couch watching them get closer to me. 

"But when I heard about that video of you online I was like naw, that's bullshit. Tyler's not like that." 

"But then I got this email from a person name QUINN who sent me this link to an Xtube page and I was shocked. Not only were you fuckin' THREE guys, but one of them was QUINN, and you seem to be lovin' that shit like a muthafuckin' pornstar." He said emphasizing those words and in my face. 

I turned away from him feeling ashamed, Quinn set me up again! 

I couldn't believe it, Jamal really had grown feelings for me and I really fucked everything up between us. I betrayed him, and we weren't even a couple.

"So this is what you want?" Jamal was pointing at the computer. I accidently left the page up. 

"You like gettin' attention like this? You want the world to know your a fuckin' whore?" He said getting angry. I didn't even say anything, I couldn't even look at him. 

"I can't believe I even thought you were different then the rest..." 

"I guess its true, all white boys are fuckin' hoes when it comes to dick.... BLACK DICK." He highlighted. "That's why I brought my brother here, Jerome... meet the new white bitch of the school." He said introducing me to his brother. 

Jerome walked up to me towering me just like Kelvin did. He looked amazing, fucking intimidating almost like another version of Quinn but 2 feet taller. 

"And... we bought our own little gift for you." Jerome pulled out a small camera from his bag. My eyebrows raised he's not about to do what I think he's gonna do...

"Quinn, let me know that you were a whore and there was nothing I could do about it. So... I believed him, and that's why WE decided to do this for you." He said. 

"I sent out a message to just about everybody at the school and let them know this room is opened 24/7 if they wanted any ass. Oh and I made sure to let them know that you can't turn them down because if you do turn them away, this video is going straight to the Dean." Jamal said, while Jerome set up his camera. 

I was lost for words, out of all people, Jamal was the last person I would ever think to do this to me. I can't believe he even he bonded with Quinn to set this up! 

"Just in case your wondering if he's crazy or not. He's not." Jerome said. "He's got OCD." 

"What.... what's that?" I ask not really wanting to know, but I had nothing else to say at the moment. Then Jamal responded, 

"Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. It's hard for me to let go of things.... It took me along time to get over you Tyler. It really did.... But... Since I know you don't care for me like I thought you would, it became pretty obvious that you didn't want me... you want anything that had a dick attached to it."

"Jamal, please this is crazy. You can't do this to me! How can you let Quinn turn you against me like this?!" I say. 

"Quinn was letting me know the TRUTH. Tell me Tyler, when was the last time you were honest to me? You lied about every fuckin' thing. I can't forgive you for that." He said. 

"No I didn't Jamal! I really do care about you. It's just Quinn did..." 

"Quinn ain't done shit!" Jamal cut me off. "You could've said no to them but you didnt. That's why I know your a fuckin' slut."

"But Jamal..." 

"I don't give a FUCK no more. Don't even say another muthafuckin' word to me. All I want to hear is you scream for mercy when I tear that ass up." Jamal said.

"Now get in that room, get your clothes off, and wait till we come in there." Jamal demanded. 

I did so, when I got in my room, I laid on the bed and broke down crying. I wanted to go home. I can't deal with all this drama anymore! I had to call my parents and tell them to come and get me from. I needed a fresh start. 

I looked around the room for my phone but I didn't see it anywhere. 

"Shit where the fuck is it!" I yell. Then the door to my room opened up. Jerome walked in first with his camera in his hand and Jamal was right behind him. 

"How come your clothes not off yet?" Jamal asked. Then he walked over and slapped me so hard that fell back on to the bed. 

"When I give you an order bitch, I mean it!" he yelled. I cried some more, feeling the strong stinging on my face. 

"Now take those fuckin' clothes off!" He yelled. This was whole other side to Jamal I never thought I would see. Jamal had literally became Quinn over night... but a rank higher. 

I stripped off my clothes slowly and they watched me. I become lower than dirt in Jamal's eyes, I knew thats what he was thinking. 

Once I was naked, I looked over to see Jamal already naked and he was jerking his dick off slowly. That's when we heard knocking at the door. An evil smile grew on Jamal's face knowing that those were my first customers already lining up at the door. 

"Get ready Bitch, this is gonna be a LONG night." Jamal said.

END of Part 13