 "Go to the door and get there money Jerome." Jamal says turning on the camera. 

"Oh, I forgot to tell you Tyler, Quinn said to make a small profit off of this. About 2 dollars per person. If the guy wants to be with you longer then the price goes up. But I'm gonna get mine first before they fuck your hole up." He said. 

I decided to plea for last time hoping he would change his mind. 

"Please Jamal, You don't have to do this! Your a good person, don't let Quinn turn you into something your not!" 

"Shut up bitch and spread your fuckin' legs!" He shouted. 

Tears rolled down my face as I let the first guy I befriended at this school, turned evil by Quinn's manipulation and fuck me like I was a piece of meat. Jamal slid his big dick inside of me with no problems at all. 

"I knew it! Your a fuckin' slut!" Jamal shouted pulling out his dick and pointing at my face. 

I had completely forgot that less then two hours ago I was just fucked by the Professor and his son. 

"Whose fuckin' cum is this on my dick?" he shouted.

I didn't say anything but turned my head in shame. 

"Alright... Then fuck you too!" Jamal shouted and then slammed his dick inside of me hard making me cry out. 

He fucked me harder then anyone had, literally taking his anger out on me. 

"You mutha fuckin' whore!! I don't give a fuck if you hurtin'! Take my muthafuckin' dick!!!" 

The whole room erupted in loud, grunts and shouts all made by us. I'm sure everyone in the dorms heard us. That's when Jerome came back in the room with a wad of money in his hands to see what was happening.

"Damn Bro!" Jerome shouted. "Don't fuck his ass up too much! We got about ten guys out there waitin' for his ass!" 

Jamal didn't stop his rape in my ass, and just kept pumping until he announced he was going to blow. He slapped my face twice and then slammed hard in my ass to shoot his load deep. He grunted loud in my ear, making sure that I had his load deep. When he finished he pulled out and walked out of the room like his rape didn't just happen. 

Jerome walked into the bathroom and came back with a towel, then he wiped my ass off, cleaning Jamal's cum and the Professor and his sons cum that poured out of my ass. I just laid there covering up my stinging face from the slaps Jamal gave me. His slaps let me know that the relationship between us was done and over.

"My turn." Jerome said. He pulled out his dick which was rock hard from watching the rape scene that just happened and he started fucking me. 

"What the fuck? Your still tight after all that?" he said moving in and out slowly. I didn't say anything back to him. 

"Keep this up and we will be millionaires by the end of the day." He said. 

I looked over at my clock, it was 11 o' clock at night. This night has just begun. 

Jerome fucked me hard but not as rough as his brother did. Instead of cumming inside of me like I thought he would, he pulled out and walked over to my face. 

He grabbed my head and made me face his stunningly identical to Jamal's cock covered in juices and unleashed his big load on my face. A few moans and my tongue came out unintentionally, licking up his load. 

"I guess my bro was right. You are a fuckin' whore, even after all of this. You white bitchez never change." Jerome put his pants back on and then went back outside of the other room.

I wiped my face off with my hands and then I heard him shout, "Alright the bitch is ready!" I heard a few cheers and then I looked over to see them all walk in. 

A few of the guys I've seen before. One was in my math class, the others I've seen walking to classes. This last guy that walked in shocked the hell out of me. It was Kelvin!

Kelvin still had his clothes on and he didn't look happy at all. The other guys surrounded me completely naked and jerking there dicks off around me. 

One of them said, "I liked that video on Xtube. Man you got some skillz!" As much as I would get turned on by this, I was still depressed thinking about what I did to Jamal. 

"Make sure you don't get in the way of the camera when I shoot the close ups." Jerome said. 

"Forget about Jamal." he said noticing my look of unhappiness. 

"Just concentrate on the pleasing your fans." I looked around all the sexy black men staring down at me jerking there big hard dicks and that was enough to make my thoughts of Jamal disappear. 

Jamal pressed the record button and he says, "Alright go head and fuck him."

One of the guys took no hesitation in grabbing my head and forcing me to suck his dick. I reached up with both hands grabbing the nearest cock to jerk them off. My eyes were closed but I just knew the camera was up close on my face. 

I felt a few hands rubbing all over my body, some on my nipples, and my legs were being stretched out. I heard a few guys say damn and look at that ass. I guess my ass was looking more like a pussy from all the cock it was getting. I started my moaning spells that seemed to really get the guys going and it worked. 

They started calling me names, white bitch, whore, pussy boy, and a few other degrading but sexy as hell names which really got me going. 

I stopped sucking one of the guys long enough to say, "Someone please fuck me! I need black cock in my ass now!" The two rock hard cocks in my hands covered my chest with there sticky mess. 

I stopped sucking the guy I had started sucking and then began servicing the two nasty dicks in my hand. I rubbed there sticky dick heads on my lips and on my cheeks and moaned like a whore at the same time. 

I was so caught up in focusing on the two guys in my mouth, that I didn't even realize that I was getting fucked. I had felt a sharp pain go through my body making me shout. This guys dick was long and it felt like was going in my stomach. 

"Make the white bitch scream!" One of them said. 

The guy fucking me started ramming deeper and harder in my ass making me squeal. 

I sucked harder on both of the dicks in my mouth to keep my focus away from the pain, this only made the shout more obscenities like, "Yeah, suck it bitch!... Take all that fuckin' dick!" and "Open that white ass up for that dick.... Suck it up good slut!" 

All there nasty comments were turning me on so much, that I was becoming more eager for black dick. All that was on my mind was pleasing these men and getting them off. I had to!

The guy fucking me was giving me such a hard pounding to the point where I was yelling out inaudible curse words with my mouth full of cock. This was seriously the hottest thing I've ever done!

The guy shouted that he was going to cum and Jerome quickly kneeled over to them man fucking me.

"Pull it out and shoot it on his hole, then put it back in him." Jerome said. 

The guy pulled his very long cock out of my ass, unfortunately I couldn't see anything but I felt his very hot load spray in my nasty cunt. All the guys watched as the man stuck his dick back in my ass and finished his load off in me. 

"Oh fuck that feels so good dude!" I shout. 

The next guy replaced my first fucker, his dick was much smaller but it still felt great. 

"Damn I'm gettin some real good shots here." Jerome said. 

I looked down to see the camera doing an extreme close up of my ass taking the next guys big dick. I just knew this next video would make the XTube viewers go crazy.

I focused my attention back to the dicks in my hand and attacked them both with my hungry mouth. I used the same tricks I used on the Professor and Darius swirling my tongue in circles, and licking the sensitive area under the head. There moans guided me to go further... literally taking risks. 

One of the guys was uncut so I started biting down on the skin but not hard. 

"Fuck yeah bitch, bite that shit." he said. 

Once Jerome heard that, the camera was immediately on my face biting this sexy guys dick. I grabbed the other guys balls and tugged on them hard and unexpectedly, the guy shouted and his load went shooting out all over my cheek and down my neck. 

Man it felt so warm and it was so thick. That only made me go back to sucking the other guy off to a full orgasm. 

"Damn it!!.... SHIT!!!... I'm gonna nut!!!" he shouted.

I pulled him out of my mouth and jerked his load on my face mixing it with the other guys. His load was runnier but hotter then the other guys making a nice soupy mix on my face and slide down my neck. I went back to sucking him making sure there was not a single drop missed from his cock. 

"You Jerome check this." The other guy scooped up there loads in his hand, he turned my head and said, "Open yo mouth bitch." I did so and he poured there cum in my mouth. 

"You nasty white bitch." One of the guys said. 

I accepted the degrading comment and added to it, "Can I have more please?" 

Everyone in the room laughed at my trashiness. I just happen to glance over to where Kelvin was, he had disappeared. Maybe he came as a look out for Quinn? 

The three men that came already had to leave... or should I say were forced to leave. They wanted more but didn't want to pay up. Once they left, feeling upset, all the attention was back on me again. 

"Who's next?" I ask. 

"Open yo' mouth pussyboi." One of the guys said, he had long black dreads and his body was thin but muscular. 

His big dick is what really got me. I opened up and swallowed him whole. One of the guys got between my legs in a hurry and slipped right in. 

In no time my face was being smacked on by another black cock, begging for attention. I quickly maneuvered over to the next guy who was light complected with a bald head. 

I couldn't get over how amazing this felt, this was so right being the center of attention like this. I made sure to use my ass muscles on they sexy guy fucking me, all the while giving a wet sloppy blow job to both of the huge dicks in my mouth like a vacuum. My moans got louder everytime the man went deeper.

It seemed like we were fucking for a while until he announced that he was about to cum. I thought the guy was gonna cum in my ass but he took it out and shot really long shots across my body, literally painting my face and my body with his hot cum. Everyone was awe, I guess I worked his cock good!

The guys in my mouth jerked themselves off into a climax just in time. Jerome brought the camera closer and told me to open my mouth wide. The two big dicked studs aimed there dicks right down my throat making sure the camera caught every shot that went in my mouth. 

"Damn dawg! I dont think any porno's done a shot like this!!" Jerome said. 

The men where still grunting and moaning still emptying every drop of there seed in my mouth.

"Don't swallow it yet Tyler, let me zoom up on that shit." Jerome said. 

He did his close ups and then told me to swallow it. When I did he moved the camera down to get a close up of my Adam's apple bobbing up down from swallowing.

"Damn we gonna a ton of dough with this shit!" Jerome said. 

I was so caught up in ecstasy, literally telling Jerome, "I want more! Please give me more black dick!" The other guys did just that for the rest of the night, flipping me in every which way possible. I knew Jerome would be happy with the results.... Even Quinn.

End of Part 14!