 I woke up the next morning, a lot more sore then I did the last time being in all the crazy twisted positions those men put me through last night. Instead of feeling regretful, I felt refreshed and somewhat eager for more.

I took a long hot shower and got myself ready for math class. When I went back to my room, I was shocked to see Quinn sitting there on my bed looking sexy as hell on my bed. 

"So how was last night?" Quinn said smiling. 

"You know, as much as I want to hate you for breaking me and Jamal up the way you did.... I can't. I really had fun last night." I say. 

"Hey I was just being honest with the man." Quinn stated. "But besides that, I got somethin' to show you." 

Quinn got up and walked out of the room. I quickly put on a T-shirt and some shorts and went out to see him on his computer. 

"Take a look at this." He said directing the screen toward me. 

There I was on Xtube once again. Quinn had to turn the volume down with all of the noise we were making. The picture was clear and crisp and showed everything down to the T. 

"Jerome uploaded this last night and look at all the hits." Quinn said. 

I sat down next to him to get a better view and saw that in less then nine hours this page has been viewed over 600 times. It was truly unbelievable.

"Look at your fan base. Everybody's askin' about you." Quinn said then scrolling down to see all the comments written about me. 

I can't believe this was happening so fast. I was a celebrity in the porn world already. I was really starting to contemplate on going mainstream anymore.....

"You did great last night Tyler, so good in fact that I think we gonna do another video." Quinn said.

I was so in shock to hear him actually say my name for once that I didn't even catch the last part of his sentence.

"I'm thinkin' our next video should be in the football team's locker room. How does that sound?" He asked. 

He smiled and then I just melted all over him. How could I say no to him. 

"Okay, let's do it." I say. 

"The big game is tonight, so I'm pretty sure they gonna want some of this ass after the game, if they win or lose." Quinn said. "In fact it be better if they lost, so they can take their anger out on you." 

A shiver went up my spine from hearing that. It was a definite turn. "So Imma let you go to class. I want you at the locker rooms at about 10. The game should be over at about 10:30." Quinn directed. 

"Alright." I say. 

I went to get up when he stopped me. "Wait, give me a some head before you leave." Quinn rubbed his silk boxers. 

He grabbed my hand and directed me down on my knees in front of him. Then out of nowhere, he pulled out some weed and lit it up. I pulled out his big huge dick and began to suck on it. 

"Damn, I'm the luckiest man on the planet." Quinn said. 

"I got my weed in this hand and my bitch on his knees taken the 'Kings dick' like he's supposed too. This is the muthafuckin' life!" He said.

I was happy knowing that he was happy to have me getting him off like this. I did my best to get him off as quick as possible because I didn't want to be late for class. 

"Damn kid you've improved since last time. I guess they taught you well." Quinn said. 

His comments only made me get turned on even more. I pulled his balls out from his shorts and squeeze and tug at them hard. 

"Fuck man you gonna make me shoot already!" Quinn said.

I pull my mouth off his dick and say, "Yeah please give it to me dude. I want it your load!" I had my mouth opened wide and waiting for his cum to shoot.

"There it goes bitch, eat my fuckin' nut." Quinn demanded. His cum shot directly down my throat and swallowed every drop of his thick but runny load. Damn this was so good!!!! But I had to go to class!

Quinn allowed me to get up and leave once I finished cleaning off his dick. When I got to class the few guys who fucked me previously stared me down, and licked their lips, hungrily at me. I waved at them and looked for my seat, Jamal was there sitting there looking at his book but I decided it would be best to sit away from him. 

I sat closer to the back of the class and a guy that was sitting in the row I was about to sit in was also staring me down. "Hi." I say nicely. 

"Yo." He said, with a very sexy deep voice.

I sat down next to him and he began to speak, "Loved that video on Xtube, Yo' ass still tight from all that dick you took?" he ask. 

That was a pretty forward question but I whispered to him anyways. 

"My ass STAYS tight." I emphasized. 

A smile grew on his face and then Professor Morris walked in and started the class. 

His eyes met mine from the distance and we smiled at each other. I wanted some more of that big cock he had forcefully gave me the other night again. I could feel my ass twitching to the thought of him pounding me deep while his son fed my mouth another generation of his seed. 

The Professor started the new lesson and the guy next to began to feel himself up. I watched his hand go up and down the bulge in his shorts, he was obviously doing this on purpose to get a rise out of me.... and it was working. 

He leaned closer to me and whispered, "You want some black cock in your mouth.... BITCH." He said pretty in my ear. 

My dick in my shorts shot up from his name calling and my mouth began to fill with saliva. 

"Yes... sir." I say turning and looking at his eyes making me go into a trance. Then he did the unthinkable and pulled out his dick. I guess he wanted to take advantage of the fact that we were in the back row with a few people by us. 

He started jacking himself off and waving it around like a big thick piece of dark licorice. I couldn't help myself. I reached over and put my hand around it feeling the heat of it. I moved my hand up and down his thick black cock, jerking him off until I saw precum starting to flow down my hand. 

"Taste it." The guy whispered to me. I removed my hand quickly and slowly licked up his cum like a cat. 

"MMmmmMM." I moan. "Perfect." I say. 

"You want more?" He asked. 

I shook my head yes. He grabbed his dick and began jerking himself off, letting his precum coat his fingers. I was drooling from my mouth watching his dark hands glazed with his hot sweet precum flow around his fingers. I had to do something about this.....

I grabbed his arm and forced his fingers in my mouth so I can suck his juices. "You fuckin' nasty ass white bitch." He whispered. 

His words only fueled my urge to suck him off even more. I sucked his fingers giving him a preview of what my mouth would feel like on his cock and I hear him moan. 

I looked around and everyone seemed focused on the lesson, except for Jamal......

He must have been staring at me the whole time, watching me suck some random guys fingers. Once we locked eyes, he shook his head in disappointment and went back to looking at his book. I stopped sucking the guys' fingers and the guy asked, 

"You ready for that dick?" 

I shook my head no feeling ashamed that Jamal was watching me whoring myself again. 

The guy looked over at Jamal and said, "Was ya'll together?" 

I contemplated on whether I should say no or yes. Then finally, "Yes.... but... it wasn't serious."

"Then fuck him, the kid don't know what he missed out on.... concentrate on tryna get dis dick." he said. 

My eyes went back to his dick again, my mind erased the vision of Jamal from my head. I grabbed his dick this time and rubbed my fingers on the head, covering my fingers with his juices and then stuck them in my mouth.

"MMmmMMMmMm.... This is so good....I want your cock so bad." I say. 

"You wanna take this to the bathroom?... I want that ass." he said. 

I looked over at the Professor and he looked really focused on teaching the lesson. I would miss the lecture if I left, but that dick looked too damn good to say no too. Then I got a Idea....

I get up from my seat and kneel before him. "Take the notes for me and I'll give you the best blowjob you ever had." I say. "Keep a look out."

"What the... Oh Shit...." 

I sucked his head in my mouth, finally getting what I was craving for. I tried my best not to slurp too loud and I went nice and slow. This was the first time I was able to actually TASTE a juicy black cock in all its glory, without all the rushing. His was just as tasty as I had imagined it. 

He did just what I told him to do, copy al the notes the teacher was saying and at the same time trying to concentrate on hungry mouth. If I had sucked some dick back in high school, high school would have been a breeze. I would definitely be looking forward to my next classes!

He let out a few sighs and light moans to alert me that he was about to shoot, and when he did, he did not disappoint me. His load flowed down my throat like a warm milkshake and I swallowed every drop like it was my last. 

When I finished I licked my lips and sat back in my chair like nothing just happened. Like I figured, everyone was still focused on the lesson. "Thanks dawg." The guy said. 

"Anytime." I say. 

After class had finished, I waited for everyone to leave until it was just the Professor and I in the class. I walked down the stairs and he sat at his desk and watched me come down the stairs. 

"So how was the lesson?" He asked. "Did you take a lot of notes?" 

I stood behind his desk and gave him a devilish smile. 

"Yes... I even helped out a classmate that needed some help." I say. 

"Really? So you're getting an A on the test coming up right?" He said. 

"I think I could use a little more inspiration but I think I'll be good." I knew damn well that I knew how to do this stuff. I had already did most of this back in high school...

"So where'd you go Tyler?" He asked. 

"One minute you were sitting up watching the lecture, then the next you were gone, then magically you appeared back in your chair again. Now I know I didn't see you leave the class, but I noticed the student you were sitting next to you was smiling like he had won the lottery. I've taught this class for just over ten years now and I've never seen a man smile like THAT during a math lecture." 

I sat and listen to him trying to figure out what had just transpired over thirty minutes and I couldn't help but laugh. He definitely was not a dumb Professor...

"So do I even have to ask what I think that young man was smiling about?" He asked. 

"Maybe.... he was just... happy to be here today. Just like I am." I say with a smile.

Then the Professor responded, "Or maybe.... you were doing exactly what a white bitch would do if he was hungry for some dick..... Yeah I think that's what it is." 

I laughed a little then felt my ass twitch from his name calling. He had figured me out.

"I think we need to go back to my office and have a little chat about the RULES in my class. Follow me Mr. James." He said getting up from his chair and walking towards the door.

I was about to follow him back to his room when I another Professor came in reminded him about a meeting they had to go too. 

"I guess I will be talking to you about the rules later Tyler." The Professor said. "Meet me in my office at around 9." He said. 

"Alright sir." I say flashing him a smile. 

When I made my way back to my dorm room I was surprised to see Kelvin sitting there on the couch. 

"Oh... hey Kelvin... where is Quinn?" I asked. 

"He aint here." He said. I almost forgot how deep his voice was. 

"How did you get in here then?" I asked. 

He stood up from the couch and walked over towards me and said, "I thought you didn't like dudes takin' advantage of you?" He asked ignoring my question. "I saw you last night. I guess all that shit Quinn told me was the truth." He said. 

That was the most he ever said to me.....

"Well Quinn actually woke me up to the truth. I'm sorry if what you saw last night changed your perspective of me, I'm still the same person just..... With... needs." I say not knowing how to explain it. 

"In dat case, I aint feelin' guilty no mo then." Kelvin brought down his shorts and pulled out his very long, uncut, massively fat, and not even semi hard dick out of his pants and let it lay on his thigh like a third leg. He was much longer than I imagined.... longer than Quinn and it wasn't hard!!!

My mouth dropped to the floor, staring at his massive piece. "I got class in thirty minutes. Suck it, fuck it and imma roll out." He said. Well that was straight to the point....

I got on my knees and picked up his very smooth soft dick and began to lick the shaft up and down. I wanted so much to spend the whole fuckin' day and just worship this enormous cock but I knew he had to go soon. I decided to make this one unforgettable blowjob for Kelvin.

I took his long arrow shaped head in my mouth and began sucking him the best I could. I wasn't expecting to here him moan since he was such a quiet guy, but when I did that only made me suck him harder. There was no possible way I would ever fit the whole length of this guys cock down my throat, his moans let me know that I was doing great.

His dick felt amazing going down my throat. I slurped and sucked him loudly through the room. I pulled the rest of his boxers down and out flopped his huge horse balls that match his dick. This guy was truly unbelievable. I had to have Kelvin fuck me with this thing!

"Kelvin please fuck me.... I want it inside me." I say.

"All of it?" He asked. 

"As much as you can give me." I say. 

"We gotta make it quick though." he said. 

Kelvin didn't know how experience my new pussy was on a big cock like this, I knew this would be a great surprise for him. 

I led him over to the couch and I figured the best way to take him was me being in control. He kicked off his shorts but kept his long t-shirt on unfortunately and pointed his dick up in the air. It looked like a missile ready to launch... big black and shiny. 

I went back to sucking him applying more spit on his dick as lube and squeezed out just enough of his precum to mix with it. Once I was satisfied, I got on top of him and rubbed my ass lips on his dick. This wasn't going to be too hard because he wasn't fat. It was the length I was worried about. 

I grabbed his shoulders and forced myself down on his cock, feeling no pain, but mainly pressure building as inch by inch of his huge cock buried its way inside me. It was so big that I a new area of pleasure opened up inside me, where no one else had reached. I shout out loud feeling the pain finally get to me. 

"Fuck... Damn..... Oh shit..." Kelvin said. I glanced down at him noticing the "In shock" expression on his face. I stopped moving down waiting for the pain to stop, then slowly slid down until I could take no more. 

"Keep going." He said. "You almost got it all."

"I can't my ass feels so full! It won't go any further." I say. "Damn that's a shame.... I aint neva had anybody take dis much. Imma have ta fuck wit you more offen!" Kelvin said. He grabbed my ass and began to lift me up and down his dick. 

"Oh my God.... This is so fuckin' crazy!" I shout. It felt like his cock was in my stomach, but it felt sooooooooooo fuckin' amazing! I really wish this moment was on camera! I rode Kelvin's long black cock up and down, I made sure to use some ass tricks on his dick, squeezing and milking like it was my throat. 

"Dayum boi! Ride dat muthafuckin' dick!" He shouted, he slapped my ass and grabbed my dick, which I was totally not expecting. This was the most animated I had ever seen Kelvin before. I think I just brought out the freak in him.......

I continued to ride him up and down until he stopped me and flipped me over on my back. Instead of sliding his dick back in my ass he stood over my face and made me suck him off again. I tilted my head back on the couch and he fed his cock down my throat. I looked up at him, he was smiling like he hit the jackpot. 

I reached down with my hand felt around my ass. The hole was deep, it was steaming hot and some of our juices were leaking out on my fingers. I used it to jack myself off. I slurped and gagged on his dick trying to go deeper his moans got louder. 

"Dawg Imma nutt all ova yo' face." he said.

I watched him taking long strokes up and down his long, veiny cock and I just had to taste him. 

"I wanna taste it dude. Give me your fuckin' load Kelvin." After that was said, he made a very loud grunt, scaring me a little, his load came spewing out at my face like a damn geyser. 

"OHhhhhHhh.....FFFFUUUUCCCCCKKKKK!!!!..... GOODDD DAAAMMMNN!!!!" He shouts he pointed his dick away from my face and sprayed the rest on my chest. This load was fuckin' unreal......

I was in complete and total shock from the amount of cum that came out of his bull balls. My face was fuckin' glazed like a donut, and my body felt like I spilled some warm syrup on me. This should have totally gone on tape....

His breathing was still intense and laid next to me on the couch, while I sat there with his cum still plastered on my face like a mask, still in shock that this just happened. 

"Yo' heres some tissues." Kelvin said, then he laughed. I couldn't help but to laugh too, "I'm gonna need more then just a few tissues." I said. 

I gathered up some from my cheek and tasted his gooey sweetness. 

"Lemme get you a towel." Kelvin said getting up from the chair. I used my hand and scooped it up from around my chest and tasted it again. It was like eating warm custard from a donut except this was from a beautiful black man, which is way better!

He gave me the towel and sat back down and I wiped my face off. I finally got a view of the mess he made all over me and the floor, and some on the couch. 

"Dude, this should have been on camera! What the hell was I thinking?" I say.

"No man, no cameras for me." He said. 

"Why not? This is awesome porn material. YOU are awesome porn material.... they need you man!" I say while wiping myself down. 

"Naw man can't do that, I'm tryna be a teacher, that shit ain't gon slide if somebody find out." He said. 

"Really?" I say. "I didn't know that, what school are you looking to teach at?" I ask growing curious. 

"I can't tell you that, you prolly think I'm crazy for sayin it." He said. 

"Why would I think that? What are you... like a Sewing teacher or some shit?" I ask trying to be funny. 

"Not even close. Imma let you guess." Kelvin said. 

He got up and started putting his clothes back on. 

"Psychology? Gym? Science? Math?!" I named off. I starting to get a little irritated after naming a bunch of stuff and none of it was right. 

"Were you going?" I ask noticing him walking to the door. 

"I got class remember? I'll check you later." he said. 

"Wait, so your not gonna tell me at all?" I ask. He stopped and contemplated for a second. 

"Aight, I'll give you a clue... I'll be teachin' at a church near you." Then he smiled.

My mouth dropped, "Your going to be a Preacher?" I ask. "Yup, its in my blood. My dad's a Rev at my church... I'm the next in line. See ya kid." 

I sat there speechless not knowing what to think. Maybe this was sign that I should start going back to church again.....

END of Part 15!