 Summary: Straight guy finds a theatre where anything gay goes. 

Note 1: This is part 5 of a potentially lengthy series about a couple exploring many aspects of their once-hidden sexuality.

Part 1 was told in two separate versions:

To read the wife's version read: Kinky Tales: I Pegged my Husband

In this story Dani accidentally learns that her husband has anal toys. After a lengthy conversation with her two more sexually adventurous sisters she learns that her husband's anal fixation on himself isn't as rare or disturbing as she first thought. As she researches some more she not only gets interested in pegging, but also in anal sex for herself.

To read the husband's version read Kinky Tales: I'm Pegged By My Wife

This much shorter version gets into the mindset of the husband and his insecurities of being a man and also questioning his sexuality, especially in regard to anal sex on himself.

In both versions the story ends with a wild night of anal sex into Dani on Friday and a pegging into Chris on Saturday.

Part 2:

Kinky Tales: Love & Pegging

Tells the story of the next two days as the married couple explore their feelings after the first pegging night including more pegging, toy shopping and frank discussions about each other's sexuality.

Part 3:

Kinky Tales: Love & Sharing

Tells the story of Dani deciding to help her husband find a man to suck his first cock. With the help of her younger sexually liberated sister, a shemale visits their home where Chris sucks his first cock and Dani begins to question her own sexuality when she sucks on the shemale's ample breasts and kisses her first girl. Kind of.

Part 4:

Kinky Tales: Lured into Lesbianism

Dani attends her younger sister Bethany's birthday celebration, also attended by her elder sister Marina and their mother Deborah. The festivities begin in a private room of an elegant restaurant where Dani learns that not only is Bethany bisexual (which she already knew), but so is Marina. And their mother is gay. (Dad passed away some years ago.) All four women are pleasured to orgasm by Deborah's anonymous pet, including Dani's first time being pleasured by a woman, before the amazingly talented pet comes out (from under the table) and is revealed as Dani's favourite teacher from high school, Mrs. Jasmine Walker. The birthday celebration then moves to an anything-goes gay bar run by the notorious Governor Greene. Dani discovers she is more than just bi-curious by licking her first pussy (the first of seven that evening), the delicious pussy of Governor Greene herself.

Note 2: This is dedicated to:

a) The real Chris and Dani who this fantasy is written about.

b) It is also dedicated to all married couples willing to listen to their spouses and their fantasies whatever they may be.

Note 3: Thanks to Tex Beethoven, Robert and Wayne for editing.

Kinky Tales: Many Cocks to Suck

I can't explain my mixed emotions as I sat on the plane thinking of two things:

1. I gave my wife permission to have lesbian sex... although she made it pretty clear that wasn't likely going to happen.

2. My wife gave me permission to suck cock while in Toronto.

Being pegged by my wife had been amazing... life-changing, really. Giving myself to her sexually was exhilarating. Getting fucked was exhilarating.

The strange threesome with a shemale was amazing, especially sharing a cock with Dani!

But both of those were with my wife.

Did I want to suck more cock?

When I was horny, definitely.

Was my cock hard on the plane thinking about it?

Definitely.

Could I actually follow through with it?

I didn't think so.

I got off the plane and there was a text from my wife: Suck any cock yet?

I shook my head at how encouraging she was of my emerging gay feelings. When she discovered I was curious about anal sex, not only did she let me fuck her ass, she fucked mine.

When she learned I had fantasies of sucking a cock she got a shemale to come over for me to suck... a cock we had shared, which was a surreal experience.

I texted back, using my usual sarcastic tone: Yeah, I sucked off the pilot while he flew the plane.

She texted back: Really???

I laughed: I see you're still gullible.

She texted back: I expect you to suck a cock soon. Is that clear?

I responded playfully, the idea of my wife eating pussy incredibly hot: Yes, Mistress. But by then you better be munching on some pussy.

She texted back: I imagine my baby sister will demand that as soon as I arrive.

I laughed, thinking that was likely true as I encouraged her: Go for it! Just don't forget you like cock too!

She texted back: So do you! Now go suck one or two yourself!

I shook my head as I responded: If I must.

My luggage arrived and I got a taxi and fifty minutes later was at a downtown hotel that faced Lake Ontario.

I was also just minutes away from the heart of Yonge Street, where all the nighttime action was.

I unpacked my suitcase and headed out to eat supper. I walked Yonge Street, always loving how vibrant the area is, although missing the Sam The Record Man store where I used to literally spend hours searching through records and cd's and rarities. The HMV that replaced it just wasn't the same... I hated box stores (although I have since learned that store closed down too... damn Amazon).

I ate at Hard Rock Cafe, one of my favourite bar restaurants, before just strolling Yonge street. I was shocked to learn the World's Biggest Book Store was gone. Man, nothing stays the same!

As I walked Yonge Street, I felt like a teenager again, even if so much had changed.

I walked into a new comic shop; I went to a cool book outlet store and paused in front of an adult movie theatre.

I assumed they would have glory holes in there.

I wondered if there would be people openly having sex in the theatres.

I lingered outside for fifteen minutes as I pondered whether or not to go inside. As I dithered I got a text from Dani.

It was a picture of herself with her sexy 'I'm coming' face at what looked like a restaurant. She looked amazing in a red dress and matching red cheeks. She was so into it I doubted she was even aware of the camera!

I wondered if she had just gotten an orgasm from a woman... I assumed so as I was confident she wouldn't cheat on me with a guy... just as I wouldn't cheat on her with a girl.

Then another text.

Another picture.

This confirmed my assumptions as it was a somewhat dark shot of a naked brunette under a table between my wife's legs. They must have been my wife's, since the red dress was showing, although now only above her waist.

My cock stiffened at the picture and the reality my wife was being sexually pleasured by another woman, in public.

Then it hit me.

Who took the picture?

Bethany?

Where were they?

How did this happen?

How many other people were in this restaurant?

I went to text when I received another text, this time disappointingly it was just words: Having a great time. Just came twice at the wicked tongue of my favourite ex-teacher, while my Mom and sisters watched. Apparently my Mom is a lesbian and a Mistress!!! (Long story).

I read the text and literally gasped.

It didn't really answer any of my questions, but it sure raised a few more.

How did her favourite teacher end up under the table?

How in a million years was Dani convinced to allow this to happen in front of her family?

Were strangers watching too?

Her mother was a lesbian?

Her mother was a Mistress?

Her mother was the sweetest grandma and a very personable woman... her as a lesbian and more so a Mistress seemed impossible to fathom.

I began texting again when I received another text from her. I clicked send before reading it: Holy shit! That is the hottest picture ever.

The next text had my cock raging for attention; this one was a lot nastier and evidence that she had recovered from the orgasm: Cock sucker! I expect a picture of you with a big hard cock in your mouth, I expect a picture of your face with at least one load all over it, and since you love my strap-on reaming your man-cunt I expect a picture of you getting fucked like the anal slut you are.  Now be a good girl and find some cock. Mistress D.

This was out of character for her. Our pegging and cock sucking had been intimate and supportive, as she had allowed me to retain my masculinity even though I was engaged in rather submissive and perhaps even feminine acts.

Yet the dominant tone, the slight ridicule, and the nasty expectations had my cock throbbing and I replied simplistically to all her orders: That was the hottest thing you ever texted me Mistress. I will obey.

Her response was lengthy and continued the wickedness of the possibilities of the night for both of us as we shared, even though we were not together or even in the same country, the exploration of our bi sides:

Mom is making me shut off my phone as there is to be no more technology for the night. So send each pic after you fulfill your next faggot task and I'll admire your sorry ass later. I'll send a pic of me eagerly eating a ripe cunt later tonight too. Or maybe taking a strap-on, or being in the middle of a cunt munching daisy chain. Tonight I'm a submissive slut cunt licker exploring the other side. I expect you to be a submissive cock sucker exploring the other side too. Have fun. Love you my dearest slut.

Fuck, my wife had come out of her shell in the biggest way! Who would have thought finding my secret stash of anal toys would change our sex life so much? I had feared her discovery might end everything for us, but instead it had expanded our horizons in ways I could never have imagined!

Her words were derogatory and yet sweet... 'fulfill your next faggot task' followed by 'love you my dearest slut'.

It was surreal.

I felt such love for my understanding, supportive wife and responded: I've never loved you more in my life. Enjoy munching snatch, I'm going to go find some big cock. Love you, Mistress.

When I didn't get another response, my resolve was firm.

I was determined to make at least one, likely two, of the three expectations come true... I wasn't sure about letting some stranger fuck my ass... Ashton, the shemale Dani and I had blown together maybe, but a stranger? I wasn't sure I was ready for that and I assumed Dani's horny and likely tipsy state had exaggerated her expectations.

I took a deep breath, looked around nervously as if people could have been detecting my inner struggle, before I walked into the adult theatre's door, up a bunch of steps and found I had yet another choice.

One gate was showing a movie called Backdoor Boys and the other was showing a movie called Silk Stocking Sluts. Did all porn movies have alliterative titles?

Not wanting to look too gay, I choose the straight movie... it didn't hurt that the advertised sluts would all be wearing nylons.

I put my money into a machine that gave me tokens, I put four into the slot and the metal spinning door let me in.

I realized there were two options once again. Straight ahead was a door leading to the movie theatre, while to my left was a hallway.

Curious, I choose the hallway.

I turned a corner and saw a couple of men lingering around, as well as six doors... five of which were open, one that was closed and had a red light turned on.

I felt awkward, but I walked down the hallway and looked into the empty rooms. Each had a bench and a small television screen with porn on it. I looked closer and saw there was a hole in the wall.... I was staring at my first glory hole.

I turned around and walked past the closed door to hear, "That's it, suck it, faggot."

It made my cock flinch.

I hated the term faggot.

I hated the term cock sucker.

At least in theory I hated any derogatory term.

Yet, being called a cock sucker and faggot by my wife had oddly turned me on. It was a major contrast from the rugged hockey player I'd been my whole life.

I wanted to stop and listen but thought that would look weird and ended up walking to the theatre.

I walked in and was surprised to see a fairly big screen showing a girl on all fours in black stockings getting fucked from behind.

I glanced around to see there were eight rows of six seats on each side. There were three guys watching the movie... each in a separate row. Each guy looked back when the door opened.

I was a little disappointed... I had envisioned walking into some sort of live sex act.

I wasn't sure what to do.

I awkwardly walked to an open row, sat down and watched the hot blonde really get fucked from behind... begging to be pounded harder.

I watched for a few minutes, feeling both awkward and unsure.

What were the rules at an adult movie theatre?

Who was there simply to watch porn?

Who was there to suck cock?

Who was there to get their cock sucked?

Was anyone there to get fucked?

Did I look like a guy who was here to suck? How could anyone tell?

The onscreen girl spun around and begged for a load... a facial she received a minute later.

Not knowing the etiquette of this place, I got up and walked out.

Once out, I wondered if the gay movie would have more people in it. So I exited the one theatre and discovered I had to pay again to go into the other one (not a surprising business strategy).

So I dropped some more tokens and entered the gay theatre, which was exactly the same structure as the straight one, but a mirror image layout.

So I turned right and went down the hallway of small rooms. One was closed. Four were empty, but the last one was open and I was suddenly staring at my first live homosexual scene. And although in my brief cock sucking fantasies I had imagined the black man being dominant, I was staring at a black man, indeed with a big hard cock bouncing all over the place as, on his hands and knees, he was riding a white cock.

The white guy asked upon seeing me, not at all reluctant to be seen having homosexual sex, "Enjoying the show?"

I stammered, unable to tear my stare away from the big black cock, and the white cock completely disappearing in the black man's ass, "Y-y-yeah."

"Oh fuck," the black man moaned, although it was more of a squeal.

"Your first time?" the white guy asked.

"I'm that obvious?" I laughed awkwardly, finding it strange to be having a conversation while he was riding the skinny, big-dicked black man.

"The staring, the lust in your eyes, and the deer-in-the-headlights look are all telltale signs," he explained, before he asked, "Are you a cock sucker or a bottom?"

"I've only sucked one shemale and only been pegged by my wife," I answered, oddly comfortable telling this slightly chubby stranger about my last couple of weeks.

"Oh my," he said, startled by my answer.

"Oh fuck, please fuck me hard now," the black guy begged, his voice surprisingly high.

The guy chuckled, as he pushed the black man forward, his white cock sliding out of the black ass, "I know what you're thinking. Usually the black guy is the top and some white guy the bottom."

I laughed back, "My experience on Pornhub is just that."

He nodded, as he stood up and moved behind the bent over black man, "Jerome here has a big cock and he will top sometimes, but he loves getting fucked, don't you?"

"God, yes, I love a big white dick reaming my asshole," Jerome declared, as his ass was again filled.

"I'm David," the guy said, extending his hand to me while, as requested, slamming roughly into the whimpering black man. I wondered if I sounded that feminine when Dani was fucking me.

I surreally shook his hand, wondering where it had been, and offered my own name. "I'm Chris."

"Does your wife know you're here, Chris?" David asked.

"Not here per se," I answered, but added, "but it was her idea for me to find a cock or two to suck while I'm here in Toronto."

"Fucking cool," he said, "my wife has no idea I shoot a load almost every day in some guy's mouth or ass."

"Yeah, it's been a wild couple of weeks," I nodded, pausing to watch the black man get fucked and listen to him whimper.

"I can imagine," he said.

"Oh yes, fuck," Jerome whimpered, "drill my ass!"

"He'll take yours next if you like," David offered.

"I just want to suck," I said, the idea of fucking another guy not doing anything for me. Getting fucked... maybe....

"A true bottom," he acknowledged.

"Well, I like fucking my wife and we have an agreement," I clarified. "Sucking is approved, fucking someone else isn't."

"Fair enough," he nodded distractedly, as he seemed to be getting close.

"Ready for my load?" he asked.

I wanted to say yes, but I knew he wasn't talking to me.

Jerome replied, "Yes, yes, fill my ass with your cum."

I continued to watch, in awe, as David slammed hard into Jerome before he grunted and silently spewed his load in his ass. I wondered what it would feel like to have a load deposited in my ass. I mean, I knew it felt great getting fucked by a strap-on... but a real pulsing cock... a load of cum shooting in me... well, suddenly that was my new curiosity.

"Yes," Jerome quivered and just as he was filled with cum, he shot his own load all over the wall.

"You're a true bottom when you can come without having your cock touched," David explained, as he slowed down and allowed the last of his cum to leak into Jerome's ass.

I recalled coming a few times from getting ass fucked by Dani. Although the fucking itself had gotten me close each time, I'd always jacked off briefly to finish except for the first time when Dani had touched my cock but it was only a brief touch. I had come buckets that time but there had been a touch, so it didn't quite count as touch-free. I wondered, Am I a true bottom?

"Good to know," I chuckled awkwardly.

"So there are no 'must follow' rules here per se," David said as he pulled out of Jerome's ass, "but there is a silent code."

Great, I thought, I'd love to know these. 

He continued, "In these booths if a guy wants his cock sucked, he will usually sit on the bench here, pull out his cock and wait."

"Simple enough," I said.

"Finding a cock to suck is that simple," he agreed.

"So much easier than going to a bar and trying to pick up someone," I joked.

"Indeed, plus you don't have to buy someone drinks, pretend to be interested in them and best of all, no fucking conversations afterwards," David said, as Jerome pulled up his pants and silently left, as if proving David's point. "Here it's just about sex."

"I like that," I said.

"In the hallways, if you see a guy you want to suck, give a stare to his crotch area, then look up. If he nods in the affirmative, follow him into a booth or occasionally the theatre and go to it," he explained.

"No talking?" I asked, actually quite relieved. Although this conversation had been amazingly useful, I came here to suck cock, not develop friendships.

"Most guys won't say a word," he said, before adding, "other than to let you know they are coming, or if they're aggressive types, calling you a few names."

"I see," I said.

"But be clear," he said, his cock still directly in my view, still hard, "if you suck cock or take it in the ass you will be called names, usually derogatory ones."
