 I do not consider myself gay but definitely bi. I prefer women but have recently become a cumslut craving cum to cover my body.

After several past experience of wearing cum in public, I decided that I needed to experience it again. 

I went to the local Adult Bookstore during the daytime and paid my $8 to get in the theaters. I went to the second one because the Goth looking lady at the front counter recommended that theater to me.

I went in and there were 4 guys in there and I decided to get undressed. I put my clothes in the corner and walked over and knelt down in front of the cleanest guy in there with his cock out. I felt my knees in some slimy cum. It gave me the nasty cum slut feeling. I sucked his cock and he started to cum in about a minute and he pulled out and coated my face. I got up and went and sat down next to another guy. He looked kind of nasty and dirty but I decided I could give him a handjob. I stroked him for several minutes and got down in front of him and had him cum on my neck and chest. I did this with several other guys over the next 2 hours. I must've had 6 loads of cum dried on my neck and chest. 

I went over and grabbed my shorts and T-shirt and put them over my cum soaked body and walked out of the theater. I felt like doing something kinky so I decided to stroll through the store looking at videos and toys while my hard cock poked against my shorts and I was covered in cum that was drying. You could definitely smell the dried cum on me and my clothes as I walked around. People were staring at me as I walked around. I walked right next to a lady in there looking at toys and started looking at toys next to her. She stared over at me and slowly moved away. I then went up to the counter with some lube and a dildo and purchased them from the same Goth looking lady at the front counter. She smirked as she sold me my stuff. She said "I trust you had a good time" and I said "Yes" and she then told me the crowd was a little cleaner if I came in the evenings. So, obviously she knew what I was there doing.

I went home and showered and decided that I would go back in the evening to see what it was like.

Later that night I went back to the Adult bookstore. 

I decided to wear only my swim trunk style shorts and a t-shirt. The swim trunk shorts had a very small inside pocket I could tuck my car key into and an outside pocket I could put some cash into. I wanted to make sure the rest of my keys or my wallet were not in the theater with me. I got there about 9pm and the same girl was there but there was a guy working behind the counter now. She walked up to me as soon as I got in there and she told me that she was in training to be a dominatrix and that she wanted to dominate me in the theater. I said sure because I love to be submissive to a woman. I followed her through the first theater and into the second one. The second theater had 7 guys in there and they all looked pretty clean cut. I got naked and she took my clothes. She pushed me down on my knees and over came 3 guys. I held one each hand while I sucked the other. 

He was about 7" and fairly thick and she came up behind me and started shoving my head deeper and deeper onto him until I was deep throating him. She made sure they all knew to pull out and cum on her slave. It didn't take long and he pulled out and came on my face and hair. I swallowed what made it into my mouth. She then had me lay back on the chairs and she tied my arms to one of the chairs legs. The guys came up and face fucked me and had me lick their balls until they came. After each guy covered me in cum I sucked him clean. She came up behind me and I felt a cold slimy finger penetrate my ass. I couldn't look up but then I felt a rubber strap on enter my ass slowly but once all the way in she started fucking harder. I was glad it wasn't really big. She told me I better not cum before I was told or I would be licking the floor clean. Now that was a disgusting thought.

I lost count of the guys but it seemed like all 7 must've cum by now but I kept having more dicks shoved in my face. She stopped fucking my ass and I felt her rolling a condom on my cock. She then climbed on and started fucking me. It felt so good but I held on just long enough until she came and then I filled the condom with my cum. My shrinking cock fell out and she pulled the rubber off and poured my own cum on me. I was then untied and realized the place was now empty. She then led me to the other theater where there were a couple of guys in there. She had me lie on the floor and let them jack off over me. I was drenched with both dried and wet cum. I felt so nasty but I was getting hard again. She then had me sit down and she proceeded to give me a great blowjob. I came in her mouth as other guys that had walked in were standing around jacking off watching.

She then tossed me my clothes and she led me out of there. We walked through the store talking about how much she enjoyed dominating me but she said next time she would have to take me to her dominatrix and they would take control of me in her dungeon. I agreed but I am now thinking twice about what a real dominatrix would do to me. If I do go through with it, I will add the story here.

As we were walking through the store there were several couples in there renting movies and lots of trolling guys as this store was a big one for rentals. She walked me past several with my cum covered face and hair. Of course, I was getting really hard again and you can imagine it was poking against the fabric of my swim trunk shorts. People were staring but she didn't care. I was beet red but I loved it.