 It was a typical winter's day in November when the bell rang for end of class. The guys were all off arranging the latest 'get together', and so I made my weary way towards the gym. I opened the door to the locker room and saw no one else around, which was good because tonight I could really do with it being quiet.

As I sat my bag down in front of my locker I jumped out of my skin, when I heard the sound of the door, as I spun around I saw Mr. Robbins, our Senior year gym teacher.

"Hi Tom, you alone?" He said somewhat disapprovingly, "You know it's not safe to work out alone."

"I know Mr. Robbins, but there is never anyone else here."

"Well, I was going to do a small set this evening, I'll help you out."

"Great, thanks Mr. Robbins," I said bouncing back into action.

For the next hour or so we worked out and chatted about various things, school, girls, sports, the normal topics of conversation that were heard in the gym. We moved between the free weights and machines until we came to the bench press.

Mr Robbins went first and I stood above his head watching the weight as he made his way through his set. This was the first time I noticed it. As I stood mindlessly concentrating on the job at hand, my eyes wandered around, and along Mr Robbins torso. As my eyes reached the waist band of his shorts they stopped for a brief moment deciding if what they saw was real.

Due to Mr Robbins position, lying on his back on the stiff bench, the shorts he was wearing had fallen flattish across his body. I say flattish due to the fact that now clearly visible was a large, long bulge lying along his leg. With each steady push of the barbell the mysterious lump rolled from one side to the other on Mr Robbins thigh in a calm hypnotic motion, but all too soon with a guttural grunt, from below, Mr Robbins finished his set and sat up.

"Your turn Tom," He said covering his face with a towel. 

We switched positions and I steadied myself to start my set. As I leant my head back and looked upwards I saw Mr Robbins 6'4" frame towering above and then my eyes were attracted by a whole new marvel of size.

From my vantage point and thanks in no small part, (no pun intended), to his height, I was looking straight up the leg of his shorts. If I thought the sight of the bulge was mind blowing it was nothing compared to the real thing. There dangling in front of my eyes, only a matter of inches from my face, was the largest cock I had ever seen. It hung like a pendulum swaying gently from side to side. I was mesmerized.

I completed my set and reluctantly sat up wiping my sweat up with my towel, my mind filled with images of one thing, and yearning for another glimpse. 

"Okay!" Mr Robbins said stretching as he did so, "I gotta hit the showers and make a move, you coming?"

HIM!?! SHOWERS!?! COMING!?! Well if I wondered when I would get another opportunity to see the mammoth appendage, it was short lived. I nodded agreement and tried my best not to rush into the locker room and pick out a good seat. 

As I entered my heart rate was soaring and I thought the anticipation was going to kill me. I stripped down with my back to the open room and more importantly, Mr Robbins. I heard the distant sound of a shower being started and allowed myself to relax a little before tucking my now semi erect dick into my towel and slowly turning.

I made my way tentatively toward the shower room, preparing myself for the situation ahead. As I entered the shower room I could clearly see Mr Robbins at the far side, with only the dividing wall obscuring my view. I walked forward slowly undoing my towel and placing it gently on a hanger, never for once letting my eyes leave the sight of Mr Robbins in front of me.

I marvelled in quiet joy as I watched this man gently rubbing his broad chest and strong arms, oblivious to his excited audience. I moved closer and started the shower next to him, as I did Mr Robbins turned and smiled, continuing to soap up his chiselled torso, and I couldn't blame him. He was standing slightly to one side so my view was unfortunately obscured, that was until he turned with his back to the shower and tilted his head back and stretched, letting the warm water cascade down across his satiny body.

I closed my eyes and with a deep breath I turned. My eyes must have had a mind of their own, some people may have taken in the sight before them, but my mind only wanted one thing, cock! And there it was in all its glory, surely the nicest 8" of man I would ever see in my life.

The water fell, sliding down it's shaft, following every sculptured vein from base to enormous head, resting on two large taut balls, swinging slowly as he moved. I was in wonderland, I wanted to reach out and touch it, wondering how big it would get. "How could any woman get that into her mouth?" I thought to myself, wishing to try.

As I drank in every second I could, I reached out and knocked my shower gel of the shelf, Mr Robbins snapped his head forward in surprise, and just as quickly I pulled my gaze away from his cock. And that's when it happened. With a slight smile Mr Robbins bent down and as soon as he did he slipped and fell backward onto the hard-tiled floor with a loud thud. I stood for a moment shocked and silent waiting for him to stand back up, but he didn't. I moved to his side, "Mr Robbins, Are you okay?" Nothing. 

Sitting there wondering what to do, I glanced around me looking for some way to help him. As I did so my eyes found their way back to his delicious cock, resting calmly across his thigh. At that moment any concern for the helpless teacher lying in front of me was gone, only the beauty of this gorgeous cock remained. My breathing increased, and my heart pounded as I saw my opportunity.

Reaching out a shaking hand, I gently lifted the heavy snake upwards. As I rolled down the voluptuous skin, the large purple head sprang into view, and then disappeared just as fast, as I slowly began stroking his dick. I can't explain the feelings I was experiencing; even soft I couldn't fit my fingers around the thick shaft. I continued moving my hand up and down its full length and watched in awe as it slowly got harder with each stroke. I glanced quickly away, never once letting go, and saw Mr Robbins was still unconscious oblivious to the special treatment he was getting.

I resumed my vigil over my new toy, I couldn't help but let out a low gasp as I felt, what I could only assume, was its full size expanded in my hand. I removed my hand for a moment and marvelled at the long veins running down the 10" cock that was now gently bobbing up and down on top of Mr Robbins stomach. His balls were as impressive as the rest of him, lying quietly between his legs, I reached down and lifted them onto his thigh, the shear weight of them in my hand was astounding. I gave them a gentle squeeze and moved my hand up and regained my grasp of his rock-hard cock.

Resuming my pumping of his shaft I again asked the question, "How could any woman get that into her mouth?" And as before, I needed to find out. I moved slightly to the side and positioned myself inline with this magnificent specimen. 

Pointing his cock straight up I bent forward and gently licked the hot angry head of his cock, as I did a sharp flex through the shaft seemed to speak its appreciation. As soon as my tongue touched the animal I was gently caressing I was lost in cock-lust, I dived down in one sharp motion locking my lips over the mushroom shaped head and tried to move further. I felt the silky head slide over my tongue sending electric shocks throughout my body, I bottomed out at the back of my throat and gagged. At once I was both scared and exhilarated at the thought of what I was doing, but I didn't stop for long. I went straight back to work, trying to push as much of this hard salami into my throat as possible. On my fifth attempt I pushed through the reflex to gag and with a slight pop I felt the delicious head slide further into my throat. At this point I was still only managing to swallow about 7" and even though I was a novice, that was just not good enough.

I continued stroking the obelisk before me as I started licking from the tip, only pausing to lick the now slimy head, as it oozed surprisingly tasty pre-cum. I continued down the shaft until I was faced with the swollen balls at its base. I slowly lick across the bald sac, sucking and kissing each one in turn, I tried to swallow one, but I found that was a harder task than the cock they supported. I moved myself back towards the tip of his dick suitably confident that this time there would be no stopping me. Pausing for a split second, then plunging my head forward and forcing him back down my throat.

This time I managed to force another few inches in, I froze for a moment trying to get used to the feeling of being filled so completely, as I did so I swallowed, not that I could, but that one reflex by my muscles in my throat seemed to make his cock grow even more and almost like climbing a rope I crawled further down his shaft. I pulled off for a moment to catch my breath and once again confident, I slid back down the glistening shaft, swallowing as I went, inch by inch my swallow technique moved me closer to my goal until only one inch remained.

With a slight pause I closed my eyes and pushed further, all of a sudden, I felt an abrupt halt as my nose pushed against Mr Robbins Stomach. My eyes flashed open and a smile crossed my lips with pride, or at least as much as one could with 10" of manly cock meat down your throat. I felt speared, stabbed, impaled and never more turned on. I slid slowly off enjoying every second and feeling, stroking as I went. With a gentle pop he left my throat and a messy, noisy slurp he slipped from my mouth, I sat back happily milking his cock with both hands as I smiled wickedly about my achievement.

I was completely gone by then; my eyes were glazed, and I only had one thought in my being. COCK! And not just any cock. I continued jerking his cock up and down, while licking his balls, I returned to the head and again sunk down across the velvety head sucking like a man possessed. Up and down, picking up speed as I went only one more goal existed for me now, I had to taste him, no, I needed to taste him. Ploughing my face willingly onto his majestic pole I was wild, as I massaged and stretched his balls I felt them tense and flicker, then if at all possible the large purple head now buried inside, and being milked by, my throat, grew even large. It took me by surprise, but the feeling was still amazing.

I pulled his cock back and rested the head on my tongue as I licked and pumped in unison waiting for the inevitable, and then I got my reward. An almighty torrent of hot liquid battered the roof of my mouth and slid down my throat, followed by another, then another, more and more filled my throat I swallowed as fast as I could, but I could only handle so much. Thick streams of hot cum leaked from the corners of my mouth and oozed down the hard shaft. I continued to swallow and tried to lick up every drop as I went.

"I thought you'd never manage it," I froze and looked up to see Mr Robbins, slightly dazed but propped up on his elbows smiling a knowing smile at me. All I could do was stare up still with a thick cock stuck in my mouth, and gallons of cum spilt across my chin and lips. "Don't stop on my account, I may not have come around after that fall if it wasn't for the kiss of life," he said with a look of lust in his eyes.

Looking into his eyes my heart rate calmed and shock turned to relief as I let my head slowly start bobbing up and down once more to finish the job. He was my teacher after all, who was I to argue?