 Pulling back the covers I could see his erection in his boxers. I waited a little while trying to breath as calmly as possible while admiring the shape it made pressed against the loose cotton. Carefully I moved my hand up the leg of his boxers until I could feel his hairy testicles with my fingers, this made my skin shiver and my lips burn. He stirred a second but did not wake as I groped his scrotum sneezing it softly. Heavy, warm, full.

Laying there asleep completely unaware as I listened to his heartbeat and took in the fresh smell of his skin. He didn't realise it as he slept but I was about to go down on him and drink his cum. Handsome and young at 26, a year and a bit older than myself. He's the perfect example of a virile man. Long muscular limbs, legs apart. Fine black hair covering his legs until the mid thigh, a snail train growing up his abdominal muscles from his pubes. I continue squeezing his scrotum gently making his penis jerk up every now and again erratically, a wet patch of pre-cum forms on the cotton boxers. Sneaking, I unbutton the front of them, it's one button and it gives way easily. I slip my hand in and grab ahold of his penis, hot and not quite fully hard. He's breathing heavy but not awake. I fight the temptation to kiss him softly on the lips instead holding my mouth open over his, breathing in his outward breath. Once I have his penis out of his boxers I gently pull the foreskin down to reveal the large wet head, I can see pre-cum run slowly from the tip down over my fingers. 

I've never told anyone I have a thing for the taste of his sperm but here I am in the dark slowly licking pre-cum off the head of my boyfriends erect penis like an ice-cream on a hot day, it tastes sweet, the smoothness forms a slick over my lips. I also lick my fingers while rubbing the clear lubricant over his shaft. My tongue tickles the tip to try and get some more, my heart is beating in my neck. I feel dizzy and slightly drunk. All of a sudden I feel his hand move onto my shoulder! I lay motionless for a second, I wonder if he'll say anything? if he's awake? Is he going to let me or roll over? Nothing. Not for a minute or so at least until I feel his other had run up the nape of my neck and through my hair. He smells like nothing I have ever wanted so badly before and with this I quickly push him into my mouth and begin to wank him slowly. His hand resting lethargically on the back of my head while my tongue makes circular motions on the base of the head causing pre-cum to flow freely out down over the back of my tongue and throat. I quickly switch and begin to lick his hairy, taught scrotum. Testicles have a unique taste, this drives me wild. All sense has gone from my mind, I can think of only him and how desirous I am for him, the most primal and ancient part of my brain has free reign over me. 

Does he know that what I want is his cum? How have I allowed myself to become so intoxicated by him. The thought of tasting his cum has made me loose control. Why do I want to taste it so badly it hurts? These are questions for which I have no answers. All I know is that I am kissing him passionately between his legs in the darkness of the night. I love him. I want him to know I love him. There is nothing nicer on this planet than having the man you love ejaculate inside you after making love. Feeling his muscles, his soft skin against mine. He rubs my nipples with his coarse fingertips sending shards of electric energy throughout my body. 

This is what runs through my mind while I'm licking, wanking and kissing this private area between his thighs where other guys don't ever go. That no one sees or touches except for me. I continue to edge him for the next hour until I have worked his entire genital area into a hot, wet, convulsing mess. This WAS the moment I treasured. The moment his sperm would pass from him into me. 

His body went torpid, his penis hardened in my hand and he let out a muffled yell through a pillow he'd put over his face. The heat and viscosity of his cum hitting the back of my throat made my head swim. One, two, three, four. Shot after shot filling my mouth. Five, six seven. A small amount ran out the side of my mouth and down his shaft but I swallowed a little and quickly licked it up. He lay there writhing for a few minutes before falling asleep again. I kept him in my mouth until he went soft again. Doing up his boxers I collapsed down next to him, I felt drunk, drugged and completely zoned out. My whole body ached with ecstasy contracting in spasms of unashamed joy and happiness! Swirling his load around in my mouth allover my tongue, savouring the sweet, beautiful taste of his DNA and testosterone whilst sniffing his armpit and masturbating. As I reached my climax and began to cum I swallowed. Never have I felt such an orgasm, drunk and high at the same time from the man sleeping next to me. With this I fell into a deep and restful sleep. 

So to end, I beg you. Please go now and kiss the one you love down there where all is private and quiet and special. The place where it cums.