 I was bored. Initially our kitchen makeover had been fun, I got to take part in the demolition phase and general clean-up. Now though it was mostly skilled workers and they didn't seem to like the home-owner hanging around.

My wife had bailed as soon as they shut off the air conditioning to re-do the duct work, staying at a luxury resort and dropping by only long enough to bitch about the color of this or the position of that. Even though most of the workers didn't speak English I could tell they didn't like it and resented her. Being macho Latinos I could also tell they held me in contempt for letting her ream my ass out for every little problem.

After a while I just stayed back in the rear bedroom we had converted into an office. Computer games got boring and I eventually turned to Internet porn to pass the time.

Actually I was no stranger to the porn, I'm pretty small and had not ever really satisfied my wife, except with my tongue. Like everything else in our marriage she was in charge of our sex life and over the years had been less and less interested in intercourse with me. She still used my oral services from time to time but that's about all. I even suspected that she was not alone in her luxury suite.

After a couple weeks I guess I got careless. They had removed all the doorknobs to paint the doors and I was having a nice wank when one of the workers came to ask a question. I didn't hear him come in and by the time I became aware of his presence it was obvious what I was doing.

He laughed at me and called out to the rest of the crew. I was embarrassed and turned my back to him to cover up but he reached around me and grabbed my wrists. His arms were like steel bands and my wrists hurt as he squeezed them in his huge calloused hands. I could smell his musky sweaty body as he twisted my arms behind my back. This had the effect of forcing my crotch out displaying my still? hard cock. As the rest of the crew came to his summons he turned me to face the door. The cat calls and laughter humiliated me to the core. Strangely though my cock was rock hard, if only four inches in length. I heard words like "pun ta" "poquito" and others I didn't understand but I'm sure weren't complementary.

By now I was crying and begging them to let me go. One reached over and slapped me and told me to shut up. In better English than I expected he told me they were tired of my wife's constant complaining and that what she needed was a "good fucking" and it was obvious why she was so bitchy.

Since I was no good as a man they would use me like a woman! I shuddered and burned with humiliation. Someone reached out and ripped open my shirt, then started to pinch and twist my nipples. I screeched like a girl, they laughed and made fun of my hairless chest. I was shocked to find out all of them spoke and understood English.

Another guy grabbed the sides of my pants and yanked them down around my ankles. The guy holding me from behind shoved me forward and I stumbled, ending up falling forward into the crotch of one of my tormentors.

"I think the little fag wants to suck your cock, Carlos!" someone said. "Look he's still got a hard on!"

I did...I mean I didn't want to suck his cock, but for some reason I was hard.

The one that had been holding me said "Turn him around and give him to me!"

I was spun around to find him sitting in my desk chair with his pants open and about nine inches of hard uncircumsized cock jutting straight up. Someone pushed me forward and I stumbled to my knees right between his spread thighs. My face was only inches from the biggest cock I had ever seen, at least in person. I was frozen in place. I could smell his strong scent and it made my head spin. Could this really be happening?

He reached out and gave me a little slap on the side of my head. "OK, gringo, you know what I want." "Suck it!"

I felt some pressure on the back of my head and slowly moved forward. I was in a trance as my lips touched it. It was burning hot! I jerked my head back like I had touched a hot coal. Whoever was pushing my head cursed and started to cuff me but the guy in the chair grabbed his wrist and stopped him. He shook his head and shifted a little forward in his chair bringing his cock closer to my lips.

"Go ahead, you know you want to" he said. "You have probably done it before." 

I hadn't but suddenly I wanted to now. I leaned forward and rested my hands on his hairy thighs and kissed the tip of his cock. It was still hot and I felt a slight jerk. I licked across the top and felt a big jerk. He moaned. The room was deafeningly quiet but charged with electricity. I reached out with my hand and gently, slowly pulled back his foreskin. The aroma was very pungent as it peeled back to reveal an angry purple head. Now was the time. I leaned forward and took the head in my mouth. I felt his hands on the back of my head and he lunged forward sending about four inches into my mouth. I sucked as hard as I could and he groaned. Backing off I pulled off all the way to the head then slowly started back down. This time I got about six inches before it reached the back of my throat. I started to bob up and down each time trying to get a little more in. He had let go of my head when he realized I was willingly sucking him off. I was getting a good rhythm going when he cried out and started to spasm. I think it was the first time I considered what sucking his cock would cause. The first spurt went straight down my throat and I didn't even have to swallow. I started to panic and pull away. He only managed to grab me after I had pulled my mouth off. His huge cock continued to spew all over my face as he held me by my ears. I heard laughter but was blinded by all the cum in my eyes. Finally he stopped cumming and pushed me away. I fell back and managed to get to my hands and knees.

I heard someone say something in Spanish and felt hands pulling me aloft. They carried me into the kitchen and forced me forward across the unfinished island. Still not able to see I felt a big dick at my lips. I opened my mouth and took him in. This was something I could concentrate on and was doing my best to blow him when I felt some tugging at my ankles. They finally just cut my pants off with a utility knife that they made a point of showing me. I looked at it through cum caked eyes not really understanding why they wanted me to see it.

I understood all to soon as I felt hands forcing my legs open and a rough finger force some kind of lube or grease up my ass. I struggled and must have bit down on the guy in my mouth because I soon felt the tip of the utility knife at my throat. That did it for the struggle. I felt what I was sure must be a fence post trying to enter my anus. It hurt! Bad!

Tears were streaming down my face and the guy in my mouth slapped me and told me to get back to work. Hoping that concentrating on giving the best blow job I could would take my mind off my troubles in the rear I put all I had into it. Within minutes he came in my willing mouth. This time I had a chance to taste it. I gagged a little at first but with eight or nine inches of cock pistoning in and out of my ass I figured I had worse problems.

The tears had washed enough cum out of my eyes and I looked around for another cock to suck. I figured I would rather suck than fuck and was actually eager for a new cock. I groaned as a six incher was put before me. Why couldn't HE be the one fucking me? That guy must be hung like a donkey!

Just then I felt the guy bury it in my ass. I could feel the cock pulse as he came. A warm and considering the circumstances, not unpleasant load of cum was deposited deep in my ass. As he pulled out it felt like I was taking a shit, then I felt really empty.

Not for long. Another worker stepped in and started to enter my poor asshole. Either he was more patient and gentle or I was better lubed because it didn't seem to hurt as much. That allowed me to give the one in my mouth more attention. Before long he too was cumming. I was kind of disappointed when he chose to pull out and spray on my face.

By the time the next guy stepped up I was almost enjoying getting fucked. I even started to push back a little to receive it. Soon he too dumped a load in my ass.

This went on for some time. I think everyone had had a blow job and a fuck, some of the cocks were distinctly slimy when I went down on them.

By now I was on my back with my knees up at my shoulders and my head hanging off sucking on the biggest dick there (about ten inches and thick). They were letting me jerk off while someone fucked my ass with a hammer handle. Just as I started cumming I heard my wife screaming. She had walked in to see all that was happening. It must have startled Mr. Big Dick because he pulled away.

I looked up into my wife's eyes. All I could see was contempt. She reached out and grabbed the guy I had been blowing by the cock and brought him forward to my lips. 

"You might as well let him finish!" she said. Then to the guy I was sucking, "I don't care how much you use HIM, just finish my FUCKING KITCHEN!". Then she walked away as he dumped another load in my mouth.