 "Kneel."

The command is his voice was unmistakable, nor the gentle but firm downward pressure of his hand on my shoulder. A shudder ran through my body as I slowly sank to my knees before him. My mind raced at what I was doing, at my clear, deliberate act of submission to his will. I looked up and saw him towering over me, gazing down at me, knowing that his word alone had been enough to put me on my knees, that I was submitting to his desires. He had put me on my knees, and I had willingly let him.

I could hear the sounds of buckles, cloth, and zippers in motion, but held his gaze, taking in the full depth of my submission. When the sounds finally ceased, and I lowered by eyes, letting them drift down his body until they alighted on his manhood. It was large, firm, and throbbing, with thick veins running along the shaft between the shiny, purple head and the pendulous balls. The musk of his cock filled the air as I marveled at its beauty, while also considering the full implications of his shaft. I was on my knees in front of another man, his cock inches from my face. I had knelt before him, and now I was going to service him.

I gingerly reached up and touched it, feeling the heat radiating off the shaft. I wrapped my fingers around his cock, and could feel the soft skin overlaying the rigid hardness of the shaft. I let my thumb drift over the head, taut and smooth. I slowly began to work my hand up and down his shaft, stroking his cock, feeling the subtle texture beneath my fingers. I could only imagine how this would look to any observer: on my knees, jerking him off as he towered over me.

I took a deep breath and began my final, truest act of submission. I aimed his cock towards me, and began to lean forward, opening my mouth as I closed my eyes. After an interminable instant of anticipation, I felt the tip of his cock touch my tongue, and closed my lips around the head. The heat of his cockhead filled my mouth, and I could taste the salty musk as a drop of precum leaked onto my tongue. I gently licked at the tip and applied a gentle suction, and was rewarded with a groan of pleasure. I angled my head again to look up into his eyes, meeting his gaze as I moved forwards, sliding more and more of his cock into my mouth, feeling the soft skin of the shaft sliding across my tongue, taking him as deep into my mouth as I could. I imagined the sight from his eyes, of me kneeling before him, looking up at him, with my lips wrapped around his shaft as his cock filled my mouth.

Slowly, I began to pull away, allowing his cock to slide out of my mouth until only the tip remained, before sliding back down the shaft. Again and again, I bobbed my head along his cock, feeling it grow slick with my saliva as I licked along the shaft with every motion. The subtle ridges and veins became a map I could read with my lips, letting me navigate the length of his cock with increasing familiarity, precisely gauging how deep he would penetrate into my mouth each time. The scent filled my nostrils as he moaned with enjoyment at my ministrations, as I knelt before this man, pleasuring him with my mouth.

Soon, I felt his hand rest upon my head, firm but gentle. He let it rest there for a moment, as I slid his cock into my mouth, reminding me of my position, of my submission. After several more thrusts, the pressure began, a gentle guidance to control the pace, enticing me to move faster. His hips began to buck forwards in time with the motion of his hand, which grew ever more forceful, taking over the motion. Before long, he was completely in control, working his cock into my mouth as I did my best to keep pace with my tongue. Speech and expression, the most basic ways in which a human may assert themselves as a person, were impossible for me, as the source of my most fundamental expression of self was used as a warm hole for his pleasure. My mouth was now his fuckhole, and I knelt before him, allowing him to use me as he wished.

In an instant, it was all gone. His hand vanished from the back of my head, and his cock was pulled from my mouth, leaving me kneeling, open-mouthed before him. I opened my eyes and saw his cock pointed at my face like a cannon, the swollen head slick with my saliva and the hole aimed straight at me. His cock jerked, and a jet of white cum shot towards me, barely giving me time to close my eyes again. I felt his cum land on my face, hot and wet and sticky, spattering across my forehead, eye, and cheek. Another jet of cum splashed onto me, and another, before a fourth, weaker jet landed in my open mouth, spreading over my tongue and filling my mouth with the taste of his seed. A final spurt landed on my lower lip and chin. I dared not open my eyes, but I knew already what I looked like. Our faces are how we are recognized, as individuals and as people, and mine was covered in another man's seed, my most recognizable feature now the thick ropes of cum he had spurted onto me. I was on my knees before him, my mouth open wide from servicing his cock, with his seed covering my face, marking me with indisputable evidence of my submission, of my role, of his dominance. 

He put me on my knees.