 Of the men I see regularly he's the biggest. Not just height and weight, his cock is huge, close to 11". And his cock is thicker than any other man I've ever seen. My ex-boyfriend introduced me to him at a party. He told me to go to the bedroom with him and 'be a good girl'. It was one of 'those' parties, all of us girly girl sissies on full display and on the menu. We were mostly given away by our respective lovers, our pimps in reality. I remember my boyfriend patting my butt several times as I walked away from him, saying 'Go, go, be a good girl'. 

I can still remember this very sexy man towering over me as I walked next to him to the bedroom upstairs. He's 6'4" and weighs 260lbs. And it's all solid muscle. There is not one ounce of fat on this man. That is a real plus. I liked him right away. And naked, he is absolutely gorgeous! He's all real-man alpha male. And me at 5'8", at 145 lbs., even in my 3" heels he towered over me. I didn't 'take him to the bedroom' so much as he pulled me up the stairs to the bedroom.

He was hot for me since he came into that party. I remember it all very well, remember him checking me out. I had on one of my cutest dresses, big pink ruffles at the plunging V-neck, short little skirt with ruffles around the bottom. The skirt on that tight little dress is so short you can almost see the curves of the bottoms of my cheeks. If I bend over in that dress you can see it all. I wore thigh high white stockings with bows in the back and had my hair pulled forward over one eye, little point of it under my ear on the other side, one of my cutest natural-hair styles. I wear wigs a lot but this is one of my sexiest looks. I had my usual Cleopatra dark and pointy eye makeup thing going on too, way too much mascara and big, big lashes. All the boys love it. And that makes my boyfriend happy, very happy to say the least. He loves to show me off. And it certainly got this man's attention.

"You're very pretty."

He smiled at me as he pulled to his lap. He sat on the edge of the bed as soon as we entered the guest bedroom and he closed the door behind us. He knew how these parties work even though I'd never seen him there before. His eyes were all over me almost as soon as he came into the party and was told by the host to go to my boyfriend and 'just ask'. 

"Thank you. I try to be. I work hard at it.

I winked at him and gave him my 'cat girl' smile. I put my hand on his chest and let it graze over his right nipple. I could feel his hugely muscular legs under me. They felt like steel beams. I felt small on his lap. I felt his hand go between my legs to my naked thigh just below my panties and toy with the lace at the top of my left stocking. I also felt him start to get hard, real hard. I liked that. I could feel it on my butt and the side of my cheek. I felt him through his pants, could feel his huge cock. His hand moved up under my skirt. I felt him toy with my soft penis through my panties. His fingers started to explore me under my dress.

"You are like a little boy, small, almost tiny. I like that."

I felt his fingers take my penis between them, trace the outline it through my sheer panties.

"Oh, Daddy...uhhhh...oooo, please don't stop...uhhh..."

I smiled at him, said that in sexiest purring voice. He had my complete attention. And I had his. He smiled at me from the side as I started to lose myself to his hand. I could feel his warm breath on my cheek. He was starting to breathe heavier. I saw my ruffled skirt bounce as his hand moved underneath it. He was stroking me through my panties, not really masturbating me so much as teasing me and gently bringing me to erection with his thumb and middle finger. The tip of his index finger was running tiny circles around the wet spot on the end of my now erect little thing, the head of it now sticking up just a bit out of the top of my tiny under pants. He pushed his finger into the hole of my penis and rubbed the end of it, precum making it very slippery. I was melting for him. 

"Oooooooo...uhhh, oooooo..."

All I could do was moan and whimper. I almost fell off of his lap. I looked at him starry eyed, lost to his hand. I stared into his eyes, sighing, moaning, softly panting deeply. He was working me like no other man had ever worked me. At least not the men my boyfriend had me see as clients.

And he was getting off on seeing me like this. He was rock hard, his cock almost under me, up against my hip. I had no idea just how big he was that first time on his lap. But he felt like a large and hard metal pipe against my butt, I remember thinking that.

I collapsed against him, kissed his ear. I started to kiss his neck. He got hotter by the minute. My penis was covered with precum and he used it as lubricant to stroke the head of my little thing. He kept running his finger just over the hole. Sexual torcher, I was crazy for him, addicted the very first time he worked me like this.

He kept me in that state for what seemed like forever. He wasn't like the others. They wanted my mouth, my rear end. They would use me, cum and then leave. They might touch my penis but only to hold my butt up higher by it while they fucked me. This man was getting off seeing me get super hot, seeing me almost drool for him. He was getting off on turning me on. And he didn't let up. He pulled my panties down in front just below my balls, had the waist band wedged like that underneath them. He pulled me up gently off of his lap, pulling me by my arm around in front of him. He had me stand in front of him. I remember almost falling down I was so dizzy. I almost tripped, my panties down around my ankles. He took my penis at the base with his hand and held it downward, pulled it down between my legs.

"Close your legs, tight together, sweety. Hold it there like that for me."

I felt him tuck my penis into my legs and then hold it straight down. With his other had he started to rub the head of it. I lost it. I started to shiver, whimper and cry out. I was visibly shaking. It was all I could do not to scream. He found the most sensitive parts of me and exploited them totally.

He told me to hold my skirt up, which I hurried to do. He pushed his huge hand up over my penis and pushed back between my legs so that the underside of the head of it almost touched my butt. He rubbed me like that while holding me in place by my rear cheeks, reaching around with his other huge hand. I was almost in tears, my little erection bent back between my legs all the way. I thought it might break off. But I didn't care. All I could do was whimper.

"Don't cum. Don't. I want to keep you like this. You're beautiful. A baby girl. I knew you'd look like this as soon as I saw you."

Oh, oh...uhhhh, yes Daddy, yessssss...uhhhhh, ooooo...aahhh..."

I was lost, hypnotized by this man.

And then he took his hand off of me. He watched my eyes snap open, stare straight at him. I wanted to beg him not to stop. He stood and quickly undid his belt, unsnapped his pants, lowered this fly and dropped them to his ankles. His cock stood a good 7" out of the top of his underwear. I could see his huge balls under the base of it protruding out of his under pants. I saw the outline of it all. I felt my little thing throb. I loved this man and everything he was in that moment.

I had never seen a man this big before. I have been with large men, men with very large cocks. But none like this man. He pulled his underwear down to his ankles and stood straight up. His 11" erection bobbed in front of him. The head of it was almost the size of a tennis ball. That is no exaggeration. I had never seen anything like that before.

I didn't have to be told. I knelt in front of him, went right to my knees, my little thing leaking all over the inside of my skirt. I ran my tongue up the huge hole at the end of his cock. I made a tiny little point of it and pushed it into his urethra while I held him with both hands. He moaned. I felt the electricity that shot through him when I did that. Looking up at him, he closed his eyes as I pushed my tongue into him as deep as it would go. I started to move it in and out. That made him wild. He started to grunt, moan like men do when they are crazy hot for what is being done to them. I wanted to please this man so much. I remember pushing my tongue into him while holding him tight in my hand, my hand barely able to close around his huge, thick cock. That, and holding his huge balls with my other hand, petting them gently and pushing the end of my index finger up just behind them into the soft area between his anus and sack. This is a trick I use only on my favorite men. When they cum like that, being worked by my finger, they almost go crazy. He responded beautifully, his huge erection pushing back against my tongue, almost burying it in his urethra! 

"Oh my god, what are you doing...uhhhh, ooooo...I love that...uhhhhh, fuck!" 

He was breathing so deep it was hard for him to talk. I felt him take me by the sides of my head into his hands. I opened as wide as I could and took the head of his cock into my mouth. It was all I could do to get just the head of it and about an inch more at most into me. I struggled, my mouth open so wide it almost hurt. I started to pump him, run my entire mouth over the huge end of his cock. He was as lost to my mouth as I was to his hand when he had me on his lap. I methodically ran my mouth over him trying not to rub my teeth on him. He was so big, that was no small feat! My tongue was smashed flat in the bottom of my mouth and up against the underside of his cock. My tongue was crushed by the sheer size of this man. I sucked him and fucked him with my mouth working him to cum as best and as fast as I could. I put both hands on his tight and wonderful rear end. I gripped him hard by both cheeks holding him in place while I did my little sissy girl thing for him. I'd never done this for a man this big. I'd always been able to get most any man's cock all the way into my mouth. I kept thinking I hoped he liked me. And finally I knew that he did.

When he came it was as huge as he is. He spilled out of my mouth and down onto my pretty dress with each spurt. He gushed. I didn't care. I wanted this man so bad, so very bad. I wanted to please him completely. I wanted him all over me.

"Uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh, fuck...! Yes, that's it...fuck, fuck, fuck...you hot little bitch...aahhhh..."

He made the noises real men make when they cum on or in a sissy girl like me. He didn't stop. Six huge and powerful spurts, four or five minor spurts after, I was covered with him. He hit the back of my throat so hard with his cum I almost choked. My lipstick was all over him and he had a bright pink ring of it just behind the head of his cock. I remember looking up at him, his cock filling my mouth, staring into his eyes as he looked down at me, his hand petting the side of my face as he dripped in torrents out of my mouth and down my chin.

When he finished with my mouth he reached down and took me by my arm. He pulled me up and off of him. He pulled me up onto his lap again as he sat back onto the bed. 

"You are wonderful! I've never had a little sissy girl do that like that, ever. Wonderful!!"

He said that as he kissed my cheek several times. I felt his hand stroke and pet my butt at the top of his leg. I felt his still huge semi erect wet cock under me. I felt his cum all over my chin, down my neck and on the inside of my dress drip down over my right nipple.

"Me? No, you are wonderful. I've never had a man like you. Don't get mad, Daddy. You are like a fire hose. Do you want to get married?"

He laughed as I wiped his cum with my finger off of my face, pushing it into my mouth. I licked my finger as I smiled at him.

"I've been told I'm more like a horse."

I felt his middle finger go to my bare butt. I felt it go up into my cheeks as I sat on his lap, my butt half hanging off his leg just enough for him to access my tight little hole. I felt him probe just at the edge of it.

"I've been told I'm more like a whore."

He laughed. I winked at him as I licked the last of his cum off of my finger.

"You are like a horse. You'll split me in two. I don't think I could get you into me. But oh my, I want to try."

He laughed loud again.

"The record is 5" inches or so into sissy girl I used to see. And she had to work at it. I could get about half of it into her. I want to try for at least 7" with you."

I felt his finger push up into me. I felt him take advantage of the k-y jelly I keep on my little hole, inside of me, when 'playing' at these parties. I winced, whimpered. I felt my little thing stir as his finger entered me. I was completely exposed and naked under my dress, my panties still down around my ankles. His finger slipped up into me almost all the way.

"You're my little whore. And you'd be amazed at how big this tiny little hole can get and still bounce back to its tight normal size after it's used like I like to use a pretty girl like you. It's like fist fucking, I'm told. And I do like to fuck. A lot."

He stared at me.

"I want to fuck you. It makes me crazy to see a cute little sissy girl like you impaled on my cock with nowhere run to. I masturbate thinking about the picture of that in my mind for weeks. Do you want to be one of the dirty pictures on my mind when I do that, want to be an inspiration, be my dirty girl?"

He stared at me smiling wickedly. He pushed a second finger up all the way into me. He felt me quiver on his lap and push back against his hand as she started to pump in circles and spread me apart. He moved me gently but forcefully. He expanded my little hole. I could feel it open for his hand.

"Oh...yessss, I do...uhhh...don't stop, please...uhhh...yessssss..."

He was finger fucking me as he talked softly to me. He quickly had three fingers deep up into my butt in no time.

"Your mouth is everything I thought it would be. I know that ass of yours is going to be too. Pretty boy, pretty little boy, you're going be my pretty little boy."

He bit my neck, nibbled on me. I felt the goosebumps rise all over me as he whispered in my ear and started to finger fuck me rapidly with what felt like three fingers and his thumb. He kissed my ears, bit gently on them. He was driving me crazy, crazy, crazy. I felt my tiny erection throb and bounce under my dress. His other hand went to it. He started to rub the end of it as he held it tight. He was holding me in place by it as he was opening me up. I knew exactly what he was doing. I thought to myself that I wanted his entire hand up deep inside of me...maybe his entire arm.

And then he pulled his fingers out of me slowly, took me by my neck and turned my face to him. I was breathing heavily, almost to the point of cumming for him, my eyes half closed. He French kissed me. I pushed him back onto the bed with his tongue still in my mouth. I climbed up on top of him, straddled him, my legs spread wide and on the sides of him, me up on my knees with my panties holding my feet together at the ankles. I felt his huge erection push up against my tiny balls from the back, felt the wet head of it and the thick shaft ride up the crack of my butt and over my little hole. I lost it. I started to pump against it.

He reached back under me and held his cock up straight. I put hand back behind me and guided him to my hole. I pushed down on to him as hard as I could. I felt the head of it squash against me. It would not go in. I would not open wide enough for him. I sat up and stared down at him. 

"We are going to make this happen, baby. 7" in me, we are going to make this happen!"

I sat up on my knees, reached back with both hands and spread my cheeks wide at the side of my little hole. I literally pulled myself apart with my fingers. I felt myself open at the tip of his erection. I pushed down on him as hard as I could. And then it happened.

I screamed. I think others at the party must have heard me. I cried out loud. It felt like he ripped me in two, like I may have been hurt. I felt the entire head of it enter me, felt it 'pop' into me and felt my little hole close tight around it. I felt like it must feel to be fucked with the large end of a wine bottle. I closed around him tightly and held him in me. I was going to make this happen. I felt a tear in my eye. It hurt.

He looked up at me smiling, his rock hard erection pushing up against and into me. I really was impaled and he had only the head of it in me! I pulled up slightly and then pushed back down on it over and over, little slippery moves on him. I worked him into me. My eyes were shut tight, lips pursed shut, my teeth clenched. I must have been a site. I didn't care. I was going to make this happen. I started to fuck the head of it, masturbate him with my rear end. And then something else happened. I felt myself open wider for him. I felt him sink deeper into me. I could feel him fill me like no other man had ever done before. I started to fuck. 

I was on fire. I looked down at him. He was breathing so deeply it almost scared me. I'd never felt anything like this, ever. I slid him in and out of me as I sat on top of him, at least 5", maybe even 7" in me, I didn't care. I just wanted this man to cum in me. He was hard as a rock as I slid over him with my butt. I remember thinking this is what it would be like to fuck a baseball bat. I smiled to myself when I thought that. It didn't hurt anymore.

Then I felt him lean up on his arms. He sat up and then flipped me over. He kept his cock in me as he put me on my back. And then he pulled out of me, his erection bobbing and slippery, standing up between my legs as he looked down at me. and I screamed again as he pulled out of me. 

"Ahhhh, ooooooooooo, aaaaahhhh..."

I hurt. It really hurt. I didn't care.

He moved his leg over me and flipped me over on my stomach. He stuffed a pillow up under my stomach and quickly mounted me from behind. I felt his cock at me again, felt myself open wide for him as the head was pushed back into me. I bit the pillow my face was pressed against in front of me. I clawed the sheets. I buried my face in the pillow to muffle my crying out. And I was crying out into the pillow, loudly. He started to fuck.

I don't know how long he went, how long he fucked me. I was in a daze, lost to it. When he came I didn't even know it. All I know is I felt him getting smaller in me. But not by much. I felt him starting to go soft. I was opened wide and he slid out of me easily. I felt a flood of cum splash out of my butt and onto the bed. I felt it on run down the crack of my butt, down my little balls and onto my thighs. I just laid there. I could not move. 

"About 6", very good for the first time, baby girl. It won't be the last time. You and I have a lot of work to do."

He laughed, leaned forward. I felt this big man's weight move the entire bed under me. I felt him kiss me softly on my rear end. He kissed me on my right cheek. I felt him stroke my leg as he did that. I was frozen, my rear end now going completely numb.

"Am I bleeding?"

I was serious. I felt a tear in my eye as I said that softly. I was somewhat afraid but loved what had just happened. I'd never felt anything like that. I wanted more of it. I knew that.

He laughed so loud it almost scared me. I felt his hand go to my butt. I felt him spread me. I could feel his eyes on me as he inspected me. He gently patted my butt, stroked and petted it.

"No, you made it through in one piece. Everything is still very cute and intact. A little spread open but that will fade back to tight, tight, tight real soon."

He ran his middle finger up over my balls up into the crack of my butt. He pushed it into me. I could barely feel it go in. I was so wide open he could probably have put his hand inside of me.

