 3. Continues To Surprise

Kyle Owns Me

This is the third installment of the Kyle series. The first two installments are completely true. This installment is about half and half. All usual disclaimers apply. All sex acts are between 18 year old adults.



So, I have now had my best friend Kyle shoot two loads of his teenage baby batter into my teenage mouth. I loved both of those loads more than I can possibly explain. The second load of cum I took was just 8 hours ago; I could almost still taste him in my mouth. The whole thing still seemed surreal. In just one week I transformed my best friend's cock into my reason for existing. Prior to a week ago I had never even seen his dick, let alone smell or taste it. I had a newly found way of looking at Kyle now. He was so awesome about everything too. He completely embraced having his best friend turn out to be a cocksucker. 

I was the first to wake. I slept on the sofa in his room and he was, of course, sleeping in his bed. We had ended the night with him falling asleep shortly after telling me what a good job I had done on his cock, and telling me how much he liked the idea of having his best friend be his personal cocksucker over the summer. As I was lying there watching his perfect form breathing slowly as he slept, I had a thought. As the personal cocksucker of Kyle, I bet it would be expected of me to wake him up with a little harmless fellatio.

I crept across the room soundlessly until I was standing at the foot of his bed. I myself was only wearing boxers and I was leaking precum heavily just thinking about how amazing Kyle was going to taste. I lifted the covers on Kyle and started sliding in head first between his very long and slender feet. With the morning light coming in through the window I could see pretty well and I drank up every bit of the image that is Kyle. From his hairy thin legs and muscular thighs to the six pack abs above his solid white boxer-briefs that held the perfect outline of the world's most glorious cock. I kissed the inner part of his legs up toward his mound of 18 year old cockmeat; breathing in the aroma of his sheets and flesh. What better place to fill your nostrils with the smell of your sex god than between his legs while tangled in the blankets and sheets that are lucky enough to caress his soft skin every night? I could live off of the smell of Kyle. Everything about the scent of his young manliness-from the faint smell of his teen sweat to the somewhat strong smell of his musky balls and ass drove me to want to worship him forever.

I hungrily kissed the bulge in the front of his underwear and I buried my face into his crotch and just breathed in as deeply as possible. I remained very quiet and still for all of this; I didn't want Kyle to wake up until I had his whole cock in my throat. I was so in love with him. We had literally done everything together for so long I couldn't imagine not being around him. I always thought he was cute before but I never really thought about myself being gay and the issue never arose between us at all. Things change tremendously sometimes I guess. I wanted to taste his cock again so badly. I wanted to kiss and lick his low hangers. Drink in the smell and taste that is my best friend. However, the situation was so perfect the way it was. I was just looking him up and down underneath the blankets and basking in his amazing scent. I wanted to just lay my face in his crotch and go back to sleep there forever. Then it happened.

Kyle rolled over. I didn't want to wake him so I just backed off while Kyle turned slowly onto his stomach. I was so heartbroken with this sudden change in the situation. I wanted to keep breathing in Kyle's bouquet of delicious that is his crotch but he had taken that from me. Like anyone in the situation would do, I adapted. Even before I really thought of myself as gay and way before I had any fantasies about my best friend I had admired the perfect shape of Kyle's ass. I would usually just think to myself how much I wanted my ass to look that perfect. Now here is that perfect ass just inches from my face.

Kyle's underwear had kind of ridden up into his ass crack maybe an inch or two. Not like a full on "wedgie" or anything but enough that it made the image of two very perfect mounds of ass muscle even more tantalizing. I had definitely never though about another guy's ass as something that would be tasty before now. I am just staring into the most perfect sculpting of human flesh on God's green earth and I know I have to get closer. I leaned in towards Kyle's ass; my nose is only about an inch away from his ass trench when I finally come across a very distinct smell that is his most private place.

I just breathed in deep the aroma that was my best friend's dirtiest area. Then I finally lowered my face all the way into his ass. He was still wearing underwear but my nose was in his ass crack and I had a hand on each perfect ass cheek gripping, massaging and parting the hard muscular flesh. I couldn't get enough of his wonderful ass and I had to taste it. I was a little apprehensive about how Kyle would react to this kind of attention. He had of course fed me his dick and talked about me being his personal cocksucker but he never mentioned anything about ass play. From what I understand the normal straight guys aren't too comfortable with having their asses played with. I went for it.

I pulled my face from Kyle's ass and began trying to slide his underwear down. It is actually very difficult to do on someone who is asleep and you are trying to keep them asleep. In the long run I triumphed over the underwear and I threw them to the sofa I had slept on making a mental note to take them with me so I could smell Kyle even when we weren't together. Now I'm face-to-face with Kyle's naked ass and I was very surprised. It was a pretty hairy ass. His chest is smooth as is his stomach, upper legs you name it and he is a really smooth hairless guy and it isn't because he shaves or anything. So it seemed that his ass was disproportionately hairy to the rest of him. It was actually a turn on for me. He seemed more manly now that I was staring at his strong butt covered in black hair. It was go time.

I returned to my previous position and I started to part his ass cheeks a little and lower my face into his secret area. It smelled so good. I would have never thought in a million years that I would have my face in a guy's ass but here I was face first in Kyle's ass with my nose up against his sweet brown ass lips. I was breathing in through my nose with all of my might trying my hardest to get his smell stuck in my nose permanently when I decided I had to taste my best friend's ass cave. I pulled my face out of Kyle's ass and started planting little kisses all over his ass. I was trying to warm up to the idea of licking my best friend's asshole and I was becoming less apprehensive with every little wet kiss. I started kissing at the very top of his ass crack and I stuck my tongue out and licked the top 3 or 4 inches of his ass. I was very surprised at how sweaty it tasted. He certainly didn't smell like sweat but he tasted like he had just run a marathon. It was a great taste. I continued to place little kisses and the occasional lick down his ass crack until I got to his puckered hole. I figured it was do or die so I went for it and placed the flat of my tongue right on my best friend's ass and just savored the taste that is only him. It was amazing.

Before I knew it I was licking and panting and Kyle was awake. He raised himself up and looked around at me and we made eye contact while my tongue was still in his ass trench. He didn't look mad but he sounded a little unnerved when he asked, "What the fuck are you doing?"

I replied, "Sorry, Kyle I was trying to wake you up with a morning blow job but you turned over so I did the next thing I could think of." 

Kyle was most definitely not impressed. He started turning over and moving his body into a sitting position. He was sitting kind of "indian" style with his cover over his lap. All I could see of him was his bare chest and angelic face. I was still lying on my stomach with my upper torso propped up on my elbows. I was worried. What if I totally just freaked him out? I don't know what I would do if I lost my best friend and his fantastic cock all at once. I could see the look on Kyle's face was one of deep thought. I think I have only ever seen him think that hard maybe once or twice prior. I didn't want to move or draw attention to myself until he made a ruling on the situation. He asked me, "Why on earth would you want to put your face anywhere near my ass, and furthermore why on earth would you want to put your mouth on my shit hole? I can feel your spit all in my ass crack and on my hole, I don't understand?"

I felt it would be best just to go with the honesty route and I told him, "I was smelling your crotch and getting ready to wake you up with a blow job and you turned over. I caught a whiff of your ass when you did and something about it just intrigued me and I wanted more. So inhaled some more, took off you underwear and inhaled even more and then I just had to know what it tasted like because it smelled so good." I could tell he was even more confused than before I spoke. He asked me "Do you think my crotch smells good? It smells like piss and sweat and old cum. Why on earth would you want to smell that? And again how on earth can the hole that my shit comes out of smell or taste good?"

I knew this was going to be a somewhat important conversation pertaining to my future of having his cock in my mouth. I had to answer correctly. I figured he probably didn't want to hear about how much I needed the smell and taste of him. I figured he probably wouldn't understand how a guy could want to taste the most intimate part of another guy. I figured I would just play into his ego and I told him, "I don't know if you have seen yourself in the mirror but you are gorgeous. I'm really embarrassed Kyle and I know you probably will never look at me in the same way because of what I did. Last night you said you wanted me to be your personal sex slave and I just wanted to let you know this morning that I'm down with that. I am kind of gay or bi. I don't know. And you are easily the sexiest guy I know or have even ever seen in person. So I am just completely down with whatever you ever want to do."

  When I finished speaking I held my breath waiting for his verdict. I was a little surprised at the next words out of his mouth, "I have to piss. You had to have already tasted my shit when you were licking my ass. Do you want to taste my piss too?" He said it in a very strange way and I was unsure If he was serious, joking or just being condescending. He got up and started walking to his bathroom which was connected to his bedroom and when he reached the door he turned and asked if I was coming. 

I was still kind of apprehensive but I followed him. I wasn't sure if I wanted this or not. I didn't know exactly what Kyle had in mind either. Did he want to pee in my mouth? Was I supposed to swallow mouthfuls of his morning piss? I started to get sick and thought about backing out. I decided I would just wait at the bathroom door for more directions. I was worried he was going to walk to the shower and make me kneel in there while he pissed all over my naked body, but he stopped in front of the toilet and looked over to me, "Why aren't you over here on your knees?" I looked him right in his cerulean eyes and I said, "I can't do it dude. I don't think I can swallow mouthfuls of your morning piss. I'm sorry." He was staring back at me with his cock in his hand aimed at the toilet. I was worried he was mad that I wouldn't comply with this. Then his face turned to a smile and he said, "I didn't want you to swallow mouthfuls of my piss. I do, however, have a kind of a special fantasy I hope you will do for me. I want you to get on your knees next the toilet and hold my dick while it pisses. Then, this is where it gets a little raunchy, and you don't have to do it if you don't want, but when I'm done pissing I want you to suck and lick the piss drops off of my cock rather than shake them off."

I thought for what seemed like a long time but in reality it was only about 3 or 4 seconds. I still didn't like the idea of swallowing piss, no matter how small of an amount. I thought that there must have been some remnants of shit in his ass when I licked it so it can't be worse than that. It still seemed different though to watch and even assist him using the bathroom and then tasting the waste he just evacuated. I decided I would do it. You only live once right!

I dropped to my knees where I was standing and crawled over to the spot next to the toilet. Kyle had a huge grin on his face and he even patted my head when he released his dick so I could hold it for him. I took hold of the amazing member that I loved more than anything else on earth and less than a second later a strong stream of piss was hitting the toilet water. He really did have to go. I was mesmerized by watching his dick perform such a normal task like pissing. I piss ten times a day and never thought of it as some amazing thing, but when it is Kyle pissing while my hand aims his dick it is amazing. He just kept pissing. I could feel his dick getting pretty hard under my grasp. He never took his eyes off of me while he was evacuating his bladder. While watching this miracle I did find myself wondering what it would taste like. I was even kind of anxious to try it and my moment came with that thought. His stream ebbed to a trickle and then stopped. Kyle shifted his body from directly in front of the toilet to directly in front of me. It was the moment of truth.

I looked up to his face and his huge grin had been replaced by a more serious look. It looked like he was concentrating on my head. We made eye contact and still no change in facial expression but he took another half-step toward me. I was only 3 or 4 inches from his half-hard dick and I could smell his amazing member but I was really focused on the 2 drops of piss on his cock. One drop was just above his piss slit and the other was perched right on his piss slit. I looked back up to him and asked, "This is your fantasy; how do you want me to do it? Should I snake my tongue out really slowly and lick it off so you can watch it? Would you rather I just take your dick in my mouth and suck it off?" Again with the face of complete concentration and he said, "Just put the whole thing in your mouth."

He had me. He was always the smooth guy and the guy to pull one over on you. I no sooner than had his dick in my mouth before he was pissing again. I coughed and choked and piss ran out of my mouth onto the floor. Some landed right on his foot and he was laughing like crazy. I don't know why it never occurred to me that he would do that. The taste of his piss in my mouth was strong. It was all I could taste and smell. I think I got some in my nose when I initially coughed. 

I liked it actually. My initial anger and surprise were dissipated and replaced by lust and eagerness to taste just a little more of his fluid before I really decided. I regained my composure and shuffled back towards him and started licking the piss off of his foot. "No fucking way." He said to me. "If you really want more I've got more. You can lick up all this piss later if you want but I have to finish pissing now. Do you want it fresh from the tap?" I nodded and opened my mouth wide. He was back to having that huge grin on his face and he went no hands style. His dick had gotten pretty hard and he rested it on my bottom lip and let loose. It was so hot. I know piss has to be like 98.6 degrees or so but I guess I never realized that 98.6 degree fluid is really warm. It tasted like nothing I can compare it to. It was much chalkier than I than I imagined. I swallowed the first mouthful, second mouthful and he said he was almost done. I was looking forward to maybe trying this again. I was totally getting off on having my best friend piss in my mouth. Then Kyle got me again. Out of nowhere he grabbed his cock and started spraying piss all over my face. He was actually kind of moaning while doing it. I think he was having just as much, if not more fun, than me.

When he had stopped pissing for real I licked the piss drops off of his beautiful mushroom head and started on licking them off of the floor. I was on my hands and knees licking piss off of the floor when Kyle said something that really surprised me, "You are easily the coolest guy I know." He said to me. I wouldn't think Kyle would say anything like that to a guy on his hands and knees licking piss off of the floor. Kyle lowered the toilet seat and sat down and I got panicky. I'm tougher than Kyle. I lift more and run faster. I am pretty much his physical superior with the exception of how tall he is. If I have to kick his ass I will. I refuse to do anything involving crap. I will not do it.

When he sat down I got up immediately and began to walk out. "Where are you going?" he asked.

"I'm not having anything to do with crap. Piss is one thing and I wasn't even thrilled about that idea in the beginning. I like you controlling me and humiliating me Kyle but I just won't have anything to do with like an actual piece of shit." I said to him on one breath.

Without missing a beat Kyle asks, "Ever heard of a blumpkin?" I knew what a blumpkin was actually and I wasn't interested in having my face in that close of a proximity to his shit; although, I did loving sucking his cock. It was kind of a crossroads and I needed to stall so I asked him, "What the fuck is a blumpkin? It sounds disgusting." Kyle replied with a sheepish look, "You like sucking my dick right?" I nodded yes for my response. "All you have to do is suck my dick." I had decided in my head while he was talking that I would do it, but I continued to play dumb to what a blumpkin is, "Then why are you sitting on the toilet? I can suck your dick in bed or on the floor, in the shower. Why would you need to sit on the toilet unless crap is involved?"

"That is a great question and crap is involved but you don't have to do anything with my shit, I swear. I just heard it feels amazing to take a dump while getting some skull. C'mon I thought you were my personal gay boy. I thought you would do it for me. If you don't want to do it for me as like a sex thing then just do it for me as like a helping out your best friend thing. The only thing you have to worry about in the crap department is you will have to smell my shit. You have smelled my shit like a million times since we have been friends. I promise there is nothing else to it." He looked into my eyes and wouldn't blink. He reached down and started stroking his cock, enticing me with his now fully hard, mushroom-headed-torpedo, teenage cock. I said, "Fine, I will do it for you but if anything to do with your crap arises, I will beat the fuck out of you. I have beaten the fuck out of you before so you know I can now. Sucking dick doesn't make me any less capable of knocking you the fuck out."

  "Fair enough. Now get over here on your knees and start using your mouth for the reason it was made." I liked it when he talked kind of bossy to me.

  For the second time this morning I dropped to my knees in my best friend's bathroom. Kyle leaned back and spread his legs wide. I rested my arms on his thighs and started kissing up and down his cock before I took the whole thing into my mouth. It was so amazing. Everything about Kyle's cock was perfect. That's when I realized if looked straight down I could see toilet water that was yellowed from his earlier piss. I was getting cold feet. I didn't want to look down and see a fresh shit stick in the water just inches from my face. I backed off of his cock and Kyle immediately asked, "What's the problem? You were doing great and I am just about to drop my first turd. Please, pretty, pretty please start sucking my dick again while I shit this out." I didn't say anything I just went back to sucking his dick. He gave a sigh of relief. Put his hand on my head and thanked me. I could hear his breathing change and I could feel his legs and body tense up and I knew it was coming. He let out a loud gasp and I looked straight down there it was. 
