 5. Owns Me

This is the 5th installment of the Kyle series. This installment is 100% true. All usual disclaimers apply.



Kyle and I spent the rest of the summer as we had originally planned. We partied with friends, worked on our cars, went to the shooting range, but behind closed doors we did some things we hadn't originally planned: we were behind closed doors a lot. Kyle and I still hadn't done anything anal. I would suck his dick anywhere between one and four times a day. I loved that but what I really loved is how much we just laid together in his bed and watched movies. 

We started playing this game that we both loved. It played into his sense of superiority and allowed me to worship his body unimpeded. Kyle would lay there on his bed fully-clothed and I would strip him naked on my own time schedule. After he was naked he wasn't allowed to move. I would rub, massage, and kiss his whole body except his cock. Whoever got hard first lost. The first couple times we played I lost immediately. I even got hard once before I had gotten him naked.

I figured since Kyle was still not comfortable with the idea of telling everyone he was in a gay relationship, and not totally comfortable with actually being in a gay relationship; I would let him bring up anal sex. I didn't want to scare him by asking him to slam my butt; even though I wanted him to, badly. 

I know my parents had begun to figure out what was going on and he told me his parents asked him flat out if we were dating. He told them we weren't; which was fine with me. We had planned to keep it under wraps until we left for college at least. Well, the day came. It was August 21st, and we were moving our stuff into our dorm room. Just Kyle and I living together in a place where no one knew us and was known to be a little more accepting of alternative sexual orientations. I mean its college; you are allowed to fuck whoever, whenever.

We got all moved in, got our class schedules, got something to eat, and that night we pushed the two twin beds together. We didn't care if any friends came over and knew we were lovers. For the first time ever, Kyle, jerked me off. Before, I would always just jerk myself off while sucking his perfect cock. I was so excited I blew in about 3 minutes and it was a huge load. I knew college was going to be great. 

The first month just flew by and we were both always together. We had made some pretty cool friends and made some connections that could buy us beer. Kyle was drinking a lot. It was fun at first because he is so horny when he is drunk. He loved it when I licked his ass but would only let me do it when he was drunk. I guess he was still holding onto the thought that anal play was just a little "too gay" for him. 

I decided I was going to take the bold stance and bring up ass fucking since he had still not mentioned it. However, Kyle must be a mind reader because he brought it up while I was still trying to plan what I was going to say. We walked back into our dorm room from the cafeteria and we started pulling out books and notes for some study time. We had been reading for about 25 minutes when he said, "I can't concentrate. Think you are up for a killing a 12 pack and doing all of those things I like?"

"I can't, Kyle. You know how much I want to but I have to get some of this stuff done. We have been drinking and fucking around everyday this week." I said. I wasn't sure exactly how Kyle was doing in his classes but I know he was close to failing one and running B's and C's in the others. I was doing very well and had mostly A's with one or two B's.

"C'mon, Levi. I know you want to mess around." He said in his sexiest, most enticing voice.

"Of course I want to but I don't think it is the most responsible thing right now. I can do all of the things you like later, but I'm not going to be good at doing this homework later after we kill a 12 pack. Which, by the way, you know means we will end up drinking at least half that fifth of vodka too." I said in a somewhat whiny voice. He was right, I did want to get drunk and lick and suck his ass, cock and balls for the rest of the night. However, we were both here on scholarships and a little loan money. We can't afford to fail more than one class a semester or let our GPA drop below 3.0 for a semester.

"I have been holding back on you Levi. I know what will get you to come around to my side. How would you like me to take your ass cherry tonight?" His voice was almost angry sounding and his face was contorted to some kind of villain like grin.

"I'd be lying if I said I haven't thought about and even wanted it, but you will not buy me off with sex tonight. Can't you just wait 2 or 3 hours? From what I gather you need to study. You aren't doing so hot in a couple classes right now, Kyle." I said with my voice getting louder with each word. I was getting pissed. Who did he think he was? 

"Fuck you, Levi! You are supposed to be mine! You are supposed to love me! All I hear from you lately is I drink too much, don't study enough or some other bullshit critique! I'm tired of it. You stay here and study; I'm going to go meet up with some people who know how to have a little fun. I don't know if I'll be back tonight or not." He yelled. His face turned from red to scarlet while he was yelling. I could tell I must have hit some sort of nerve when I mentioned his grades. Maybe he was trying really hard and just not getting it or something. Well fuck him, if he didn't want to ask for help or try harder he isn't going to get any sympathy from me.

Kyle stormed from the room and slammed the door. If I'm not mistaken he had started to cry. I did just what he suggested. I stayed in the room and kept studying. I wasn't going to fail out of college over a fight with my boyfriend. There is no damage that can't be repaired except a bad grade. I studied for about 3 or 4 hours until I was pretty confident in the material. It was around midnight and I grabbed a beer and turned on the tv. I couldn't help but to think about Kyle. I wondered where he was, who he was with, how drunk he must be by now. I was not going to chase him or hunt him down though. If he didn't want to come home, he didn't have to. I wanted him to but I couldn't make him and I wasn't going to apologize to him. I drank 3 more beers before I was little buzzed and decided to call it a night.

I woke up suddenly. I looked at the clock and it read 3:42am. I had to piss like crazy. Kyle and I had taken a little extra out in student loans so we could have a private dorm with our own bathroom. The idea of the community bathrooms/showers just wasn't appealing. I could see light coming from underneath the bathroom door. I knew Kyle had to be here because I didn't leave the light on. I didn't particularly want to talk to him while he was drunk at a quarter 'til 4 in the morning. Our room was set up kind of like a hotel. The sink was outside of the actual bathroom and just a toilet and shower were in the bathroom. So, I pissed in the sink and went back to bed. I laid there awake for awhile listening and I couldn't hear anything. I was kind of worried. It turned 4:00am. I had to get up for a 9:00am class but I couldn't sleep not knowing what was going on.

I knocked on the bathroom and whispered, "Kyle." I got no reply. I tried the door handle and it was unlocked. Kyle was sitting on the floor cross-legged crying. He looked at me with his red puffy eyes. I didn't say anything and neither did he. I bent down and hoisted him up to his feet. We just stood there with our arms wrapped around each other for a few minutes. He was crying into my shoulder and I don't know why exactly but I started to tear up a little too. I walked him to the bed. Undressed him down to his boxer-briefs and put him into bed. I laid next to him and whispered in his ear, "Its okay, Kyle."

"No, its not. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm falling Levi and there is no ground beneath me." He said.

"We can fix it. Whatever is going on can be fixed, I promise. I have never lied to you and you know that. We can talk about it tomorrow. Just rest; sleep." I whispered.

I woke up to the alarm clock at 8:30am. Kyle was still unconscious under my arm. I debated skipping class so I could be here when he woke up but decided against it. I thought he should probably have some sober time alone to analyze whatever it is that he is struggling with. I kept rolling things around in my head trying to figure out what was so wrong with him. I thought we were doing great and if he just put some more effort into his work he would be fine. I just couldn't figure out the problem. I hated to think that I wasn't as tuned into him as I thought. I thought we were so close that I knew what was going on with him all the time...apparently I was wrong about that. I was failing as a boyfriend and a partner and even a friend. 

I only had the one class that day. When it let out at 10:00 I practically sprinted back to the dorms. I thought I might even make it back before he was even awake. I was wrong. When I opened the door I found the room empty. It was weird though, he had cleaned the entire dorm. He even made the bed. I texted him; enquiring to his whereabouts. No return text but about ten minutes later the door opened. Kyle was standing there looking sexy as always and nearly carefree. He was holding flowers. He gave them to me and apologized. He said he was sorry about the fight, about getting sloppy drunk and about neglecting me.

I told him I didn't feel neglected; I just wished he would tell me more about what is going on. "We are going to spend the day studying. Then, I'm going to take you out tonight. Then, I'm going to bring you back here and with your permission I want to fuck you." He said.

"It's all I've ever wanted, babe!" I said as I wrapped his slender body up in my strong arms. "I know you apologized and I don't' want to harp on you but I really do think we should talk a little. I want to know what's going on. I want to know what you are having such a hard time about. I love you and I want you to feel like you can be honest and open with me. I'm not going anywhere."

"Levi, it is done and over with. We aren't two girls that need to talk about all of our feelings. I was pissy yesterday and I'm sorry. Really, I am. I will be better from now on." He said and I bought it.

We had lunch and studied for the rest of the day pretty much. A break here and there, but mostly studying. Around 7:00pm we showered together and dressed for our "date" night. My whole body was ecstatic just thinking about him taking my virginity later. I loved Kyle so much and I couldn't think of anything more perfect than letting him cum inside me. His pleasure inside of me would be the highlight of my life. I was half hard all night. I couldn't shake the feelings of anticipation for even a second. Dinner was great and he asked what I wanted to do and I said "Go back to the room. I don't know if I can wait much longer. I have been waiting for this night for months. I want you so badly." Kyle just smiled and off we went.

We got back to our dorm room and it was a race to see who could get undressed quicker. I kept trying to kiss him between taking off articles of either my clothing or Kyle's clothing. He smelled so good and I was so ready I knew we wouldn't last long. I dropped to my knees to take off his pants and I just marveled at how wonderful his cock looked in his white boxer briefs. I kissed up and down his cock through the thin white cotton. He immediately took control of my head and started pushing his love tool into my face.

I reached for the waist band of his underwear and began lowering them. First I saw his well-manicured pubic hair and then the base of his already very hard cock. Next was the dark pink head of the most wonderful dick on earth; followed by two low-hanging balls. I took my cue from the pressure he was exerting my head to start licking and kissing his delicious scrotum and balls. I was in complete heaven with the smell and taste of his manliness. I then took his torpedo shaped cock into my mouth immediately into my throat and not a millimeter of it wasn't in my mouth or throat. Kyle just moaned in ecstasy. I deep-throated him for quite sometime, my ass was reminding me how I couldn't wait much longer to be fucked by Kyle's magnificent dick.

Kyle pulled his cock from my throat and said, "We have to slow it down a bit if you want to get fucked tonight. I was thinking since your ass is going to get plowed, my ass should at least get licked."

Kyle lied on his back on the bed and brought his knees up to his shoulders. I certainly didn't need to be invited twice to partake in the most secret of his manly places. I shimmied forward on my knees until Kyle's ass was just a mere inch from my face. I could smell the musty scent of his manliness. I licked his crack from the top to his balls a couple times, just savoring his scent and taste in my nose and mouth. I had to have my tongue all the way in his ass immediately. It was a certainty of life. I dove in and worked my tongue around his beautiful tiny hole. I pushed against his tight anal ring until I finally parted his perfect sphincter. My tongue went in and he felt so hot. Once my tongue was in his hole the tight sphincter closed around my probing tongue. It was so tight and hot one my tongue. I worked my tongue around and around while my lips made a seal encircling his anus. I wanted him to fuck me bad but I certainly didn't want to leave this position ever. I was so happy to be tongue-deep in Kyle's ass I had forgotten about most else in life. I heard his voice finally, "It's time."

I pulled my tongue from Kyle's ass and he brought his legs down, one on each side of me. I started licking and kissing his cock since it was right in my face and I was so aroused by him. I finally got up and grabbed some lube. We didn't have any condoms since we didn't really have a use for them in our prior sexual endeavors. I squirted some lube onto my fingers and began working them into my ass. I squirted some lube onto Kyle's cock and he began working all over his man meat. I was feeling a little loosened up and it was now or never.

I stood up and kissed Kyle in a strong passionate kiss. He reciprocated in a manner that left no question for his love for me. He moved his hand to my throat and guided me onto my back on the bed. I instantly brought my knees to my shoulders and Kyle climbed on. He was on his knees pointing his cock at my more than ready hole. He looked me right in the eyes and pushed his raging hard cock into my hole. I couldn't help it, I screamed a little. He stopped and smiled. I knew he was completely enjoying himself. His mouth was open ever so slightly like he was deep in thought and he pushed some more. I loved it but fuck did it hurt. He never once broke eye contact during his inch by inch invasion of my tight 18 year old man hole.

It took about 8 or 9 minutes but he was finally all the way in me. I thought he would start going to town but he didn't. He leaned into me and put his hand on my throat again and began to kiss me while the whole of his cock was buried inside. He just left his cock in me and we tongue fucked while he steadily increased his pressure on my throat and neck. He began moving his hips away slowly. Oh, so slowly. I hated it and I wanted all of him back in my immediately. We were still hungrily making out and I started to feel a bit woozy. Kyle wasn't cutting off my breathing with his hand, he was squeezing the arteries in my neck and my brain was starting to get tired. I was getting sleepy. The last thing I remember was having the greatest orgasm of my entire life. With Kyle's cock buried deep in my ass, my cock rubbing between our two bodies, his mouth on my mouth, his tongue entangled with my tongue, the scent of his ass and balls in my nose all added up to an orgasm that may have changed my life. I passed out right as I had my orgasm and Kyle screamed in elation as he had his. 

I woke up less than 2 minutes later. Kyle had released my throat when he shot his 18 year old cum in the depths of my ass. I guess as soon as my brain got just a little oxygenated blood back into it, it jump started itself. When I awoke I could feel all of Kyle's weight on top of me and all of the love in my heart was for him.

To be continued...

As always I really appreciate all comments/critiques (yes even the bad comments). Also, please feel free to email me feedback. I reply to all emailed feedback.