 This is the 6th installment of the Kyle Series. The Kyle Series is a true story with the exception of a little of Chapter 3. I would like to thank everyone that has rated, commented, or emailed feedback. There is no greater honor I can receive than someone taking the time to comment on my stories. Thanks for reading.



I awoke the next morning feeling like a new person. After Kyle provided me with the earth-shattering orgasm the previous night I passed the fuck out. I was completely drained physically, emotionally, and mentally. The first thing I noticed when I awoke was Kyle was still sleeping soundly. God, he was so fucking gorgeous. The second thing I noticed was the feeling of soreness in my ass. I know it sounds strange for a gay guy to say this but I had honestly never inserted anything into my ass before. It wasn't a bad pain per se it was just noticeable.

I had to piss. I didn't want to get up. I loved looking at Kyle while he was sleeping. He was so gorgeous and at peace and angelic. However, my bladder doesn't care about love. I got out of bed as slowly and cautiously as possible and I succeeded in not waking Kyle. I emptied my bladder and just thought to myself, how lucky I was. Here I was, in college (doing pretty well) living with the love of my life. I didn't have any problems at all.

Lost in my thoughts at the toilet I didn't even notice Kyle creep up behind me and grab my throat from behind. I will never understand his fascination with my throat but I love it. It made me feel so possessed by him. Since I trusted him implicitly I didn't mind the idea of him possessing me. "Are you up for a little morning action?" He asked me.

"You bet your ass I am." I replied giddy as a schoolgirl.

"I think you mean your ass." He said.

"I am a little sore stud. Would you be satiated with a nice, long, slow blowjob?" I asked.

"Ohhh, I don't know. I guess beggars can't be choosers. I don't want to do anything that hurts you, but fucking your ass was so good. I know you liked it too. I have to tell you, I think we are going to be doing a lot of that." The whole time Kyle was talking he was rubbing my body. He started at my throat of course then he moved his open hands slowly down my chest; rubbed and played with my nipples. He pressed his own naked body up against my back. I could feel his hot breath on my neck and my right ear. 

I was melting right into him. I could just feel his half hard dick rubbing up against the crack of my ass. I loved it when my nipples were played with it. I am not into pain by any means; but you know just a little tug or pinch here and there never hurt anybody. I did want to get fucked by Kyle this morning more than anything. I figured the soreness was going to be there whether I let Kyle fuck me again or not so I elected to go for it. "I think my ass is feeling much better stud; and I did hear once that cum has soothing qualities for sore throats and sore asses."

"Oh, you little cock tease. You were going to let me fuck you all along. I have to take my morning piss. How about you go break out the lube, get yourself ready and lie face down on the bed. I am going to fucking own you this morning." He said it in a commanding tone and took a handful of my muscular ass and squeezed-squeezed hard.

Filled with excitement and lust I broke out the lube and squirted a bunch on my fingers and started applying them to my ass. It was indeed a little sore but the soreness was dissipating with the lube. I had two fingers in my ass and was moving them in and out with a rotating motion. I was starting to feel pretty loosened up but I know I was still going to be way tight for Kyle. I decided to not go for 3 fingers. I wanted to be so tight for him it would almost hurt his wonderful love tool. I also wanted to feel a little pain as he fucked my ass for a second time.

It was somewhat uncomfortable to lie on the bed facedown with my hard on. I had to bend my right knee and sort of rotate my hips. It wasn't a comfortable position but it was certainly better than before. I felt him put some weight on the bed to my right side. He was moving a lot. I went to rise up to look at him when he grasped my shoulder and pushed me back face down. I went with it. It felt as if he had positioned himself between my legs. I felt a cloth come into contact with the side of my face. "Tilt your head back." He commanded. I did and now I knew what was going on. He was blindfolding me. It was kind of a rougher material. I figured out what it was from the smell. He was using a dirty sock to blindfold me. I was so fucking turned on.

"Ohh, Kyle, you are so fucking hot. You are such a fucking stud. I want you to fuck me so hard. I want you to cum as deep in my ass as you can. I need your cum in me." I practically moaned it. I was so out of breath with the thrill of what was happening. I was blindfolded. I could smell Kyle's lightly worn sock. I could feel the heat emanating from his body. I could hear his deep and ragged breathing. Finally, I could feel his cockhead at the opening of my welcoming asshole. 

"Are you ready for the cock? Are you ready for the pain? I am going to fucking slam you all at once. Just say, yes." He said in an out-of-breath voice.

"Yes." I whispered.

With a shout of rage Kyle pushed the entire length of his cock into my burning hot ass canal in one strong thrust. He was screaming and panting and he was even coughing. I wanted to know what he was feeling so badly. However, I could barely think about anything other than my own sensations. The pain wasn't excruciating exactly but it was one step below. I loved the feeling of having all of his love meat in me. I loved knowing he was deriving so much pleasure from using my ass. I loved the fact that he had blindfolded me and was more or less crushing me by putting all of his weight on top of me. Lastly, I loved the pain. The pain I was feeling in my ass was a pain of victory. I played sports and worked out my entire life. After a grueling football game when I was tired and bruised from head to toe I loved that feeling of being used up to win. It was a similar pain.

"Holy Shit, Levi! Your ass is so hot. It is so tight. It might be cutting off circulation to my cock. I am just going to hold it all in you for a minute. Try contracting your ass muscles. I want to know what it feels like." Kyle said.

"Okay, get ready for it." I said. I flexed my sphincter with all my might. It felt weird to be bearing down as if taking a shit; yet what I was bearing down on wasn't moving. I was pushing with all of my might and Kyle's dick wasn't being pushed out. I was such a strange sensation. After about the third time I pushed I was getting dizzy. I was overloaded on sensation. The feeling in my ass was almost too much. Kyle began slowly pulling his cock out. When just the head was left in he would slam back into me. He screamed with every thrust. I screamed with every thrust. 

"Does it hurt too much? Is there anything I can do to make it better for you?" He asked.

"No, I love that it hurts. The only thing I miss is the ability to smell and taste you. I mean I can kind of smell your feet from the sock blindfold, but I really love inhaling your scent when my nose is buried in your pubes." I replied through my panting.

"Tilt your head back again." Kyle said. As soon as I did; I was thankful. Kyle had reached for the pair of boxer-briefs he had worn to bed the night before and he put them on my head. He placed the crotch of those worn briefs right in front of my nose. I took a big sniff and I could smell the familiar scent of my number one object of lust.

"I am going to come any second." Kyle exclaimed. I just started flexing my ass muscles again. I had down a really good rhythm that matched Kyle's rhythm. I was so fucking hot, hard, and sex-crazed with Kyle on top of me. With loud exclamations, Kyle started cumming and I came at that exact time as well. I had been grinding my cock into the bed, but overall I had very little stimulation on my cock. The feeling of Kyle just rocking my ass and filling me with his delicious sperm was enough to put me over the top. After Kyle was finished pumping his sweet ball nectar into my ass he just collapsed on my back. I loved having all of his weight on me like that. We laid there all sweaty and sticky for about 10 minutes before he pulled completely out of me and got off of me. I rolled over on to my back and began to remove the underwear from my head and the sock from my eyes. 

Kyle was just standing at the foot of the bed staring at me. I couldn't help but to stare right back into his beautiful face. I just smiled. He smiled back and said, "I love you. I love that you love me. I love that you are so dynamic. You can take it in the ass in private and still be a total hard ass in public. You are amazing."

"I think that is the most emotional you have ever gotten. It was nice, but kind of faggy." I said through a huge grin. He smiled back and just launched himself on top of me. His lips ground into mine. I kissed back as hard as I could. It was just so amazing.

The next week passed with business as usual. Then the next week passed; then another week gone. Kyle and I were both studying a lot because midterms were just a month away. We managed to make a little time here and there for a hot fuck or suck session. True to his word, Kyle had been doing great. He wasn't skipping class, drinking all the time, or neglecting his studies in any way. Kyle and I were both incredibly pleased with our relationship in every aspect, especially the sexual aspect; except one thing.

I wanted to know what it was like to fuck a guy. Kyle was adamantly against me fucking him. The first time I brought it up I thought his head was going to explode. He wouldn't even let me rim him for nearly 5 days after that. I didn't think it was an unreasonable request. He has never let me fuck him; he has never sucked me off; and he has only jacked me off twice. I suck his dick a minimum of 4 times a week and he fucks me at least 4 times a week. Sex seemed a little lopsided to me. Don't get me wrong, I love Kyle's cock. I love getting him off. However, I have a cock too. A little blow job or ass every now and then for my cock isn't too much to ask.

"Well, Kyle, I am not really sure if I should be mentioning this again, but I want to get off in someone. You know how much I love to suck your dick and how much I love to get fucked by you, but I have a cock made of flesh too. I have needs. Does the thought of having my cock in your mouth and or ass really repulse you that much?" I said.

"I am really sorry Levi, but the answer is yes. I find it positively repulsive to think of my ass having a cock in it. As for a blow job that is also completely out of the question. I would throw up the second a cock touches my lips. You knew I was like this when we started this relationship. I love you as a person and I positively love our sex life. I can honestly say that there isn't a single thing I would change about our sex life. You are the one wanting a change. I am sorry but that is a change I am not going to conform to. That changes the entire make-up of our relationship and I don't want it. If you really want; I will start giving you handjobs anytime you want them but that is as far as I am going to go." Kyle said. It wasn't an angry or mean tone. It did however, sound rehearsed as if he knew I would bring the topic up again.

"I thought you might feel that way, Kyle. Actually, I knew you would. And, you are right about that. I am the one trying to change things. Now, I have an idea. I want you to promise not to freak out. I am going to say something that sounds crazy but I want you to be open for a discussion. How about we bring a third person into the bed once or twice a week and I can fuck them?" I proposed.

Kyle's face turned red and I don't know why but he was holding his breath. Kyle stood up and stepped right in front of where I was sitting. "What the fuck did you just say to me? You want me to be okay with you fucking other people? Would you be okay with me fucking anyone I want? You are mine, God Damn it. We are the only two people allowed in that motherfucking bed. Do you understand me? Am I not fucking enough for you? I've given every fucking thing for you! I will not watch or be part of you and someone else sharing any sex of any kind." Kyle was yelling, and he grabbed his crotch, "This cock is yours! My dick belongs to you! I would fucking cut it off before I would stick it in another human being. You belong to me; I belong to you!" He finally stopped his yelling and he was just staring at me breathing heavily; his whole body was shaking.

I stood up and wrapped my arms around his smaller frame and put my lips to his ear, "Of course you are all the man I want or need. I'm not talking about changing anything major. You know I love you and I wouldn't do anything to hurt our relationship. I am talking about making our relationship stronger. Why are you holding your breath? Just breathe Kyle, breathe. Alright, now listen to me. We find someone we both think is attractive. Hey, stop tensing up. Breathe. We can have fun with him together. You can tell him how to suck my cock while I suck yours. You fuck my ass while I fuck his, it would be fucking hot. Breathe, Kyle. Before you protest and start screaming again think about this: I have never gotten off in anyone. You have fucked pussy, mouth, and ass. I have fucked my hand, your hand, and a bed. I love being a cum bucket when the cum is yours, but I want a cum bucket too. We will find like a pig slave thing, I don't know what they are called, but you know they really do just want to suck and get fucked. They have no interest in fucking or getting sucked." 

Kyle felt like a nervous wreck the entire time I was whispering in his ear. He kept tensing his whole body up. He would randomly stop breathing. If I hadn't been so afraid of him exploding at any time I would have been flattered that he was so committed in our relationship. To be honest it was kind of surprising how possessive of me he really was. It made me wonder if he ever felt jealous when he saw me talking to other guys. He never said anything to make me think so but all of that "you're mine and I am yours" talk was really quite...possessive. 

I was determined to just hold Kyle in this embrace until he calmed down or really freaked out. Luckily, for me he calmed down. "Okay, Levi if this is something you really want let's make some rules. You know, we have all seen movies where this kind of shit happens; some of the usual rules are things like: no kissing, condom usage, never the same guy twice, we can only play together...shit like that."

"Holy shit, are you serious? Kyle I am so fucking happy you are getting on board with this. I will let you set whatever fucking rules you want and I will follow every fucking rule to a goddamn tee!" I said. I squeezed him even harder and I planted a wet kiss on his neck, throat, chin and finally his beautiful lips. I just kept kissing his soft lips and he finally started kissing me back. He moved a hand to the back of my head to hold me in his grasp while he tongue-fucking my mouth. Oh my God, Kyle was such a fucking stud and catch. I just dropped to my knees.

"Oh, is this a thank you blow job, my little, what did you call yourself? A cum bucket? I hope you never thought I only view you as receptacle for my cum. I love you. I cum in you because I love you. I meant what I said, mostly. I wouldn't really cut my dick off but I would never fuck anyone else behind your back. I will do this threesome thing with you because I love you and you want something I cannot give you. However, I want you to know I am not crazy about this idea. I do not like the thought of sharing you. I do not like the thought of us sharing ourselves with anyone else. I will do it for you, but don't expect me to be happy about this." Kyle explained.

"I can't thank you enough, stud. I know you love me and I love you so much. I don't think we have to share ourselves or our love because of a threesome. It is just a different angle to sex. Now, will you do me a favor and relax? I have been sucking your dick for like 4 minutes and it is still soft."I spouted off before getting back to work on the most awesome cock ever.

For the first time in two days I had Kyle's beautiful cock in my mouth. Oh, how I loved the feel of his smooth torpedo-shaped love stick. It always felt so good in my mouth. It always tasted so good. Kyle's crotch always had the same scent too. Regardless of when he last showered or worked out, commando or boxers, or even what soap he used; his crotch always smelt the same, and I loved that smell more than any other on the planet. 

My nose in his pubes. His balls on my chin. My throat squeezing his cockhead. His hand on the back of my head. My hands grasping his hard ass globes. His hips thrusting into my face. My mouth supplying wet suction on his hard cock. Finally, his cum coating my mouth and tongue. A perfect fucking 10 minutes.

If there is a heaven and you get to choose what ten minutes you want to relive for all eternity. I know which ten minutes I would choose.

Kyle and I wasted no time in finding our new fuckboy. I wanted someone small and dainty. Kyle liked that idea as well. We set our sights on a little guy named, Dave. We found Dave in the rec room of our dormitory. I had seen him a bunch of times in passing. I don't think I had any classes with him, and Kyle said he didn't have any classes with him either. That made it a little more difficult. Without any classes together we couldn't start the conversation under the guise of wanting to study or share notes.

Kyle and I sat in the rec room for close to two hours just staring at Dave. He was really adorable. He was a little guy around 5'6" and 125 pounds maybe. He had black hair, pale skin, blue eyes, a perfect bubble butt and he wore glasses. What I liked most about Dave though was the way he carried himself. He was completely opposite from Kyle in every way. Kyle was the big, strong, macho, super confident guy. I think that is why I liked him fucking me. Dave was shy, timid, and almost nervous looking; I liked the idea of making the weakling take my cock in his mouth and ass.

"Well, Levi, this is your thing. How are we going to approach him? I mean we aren't even sure he is gay." Kyle asked.

"Oh, he is gay for sure. Watch his eyes for the next five minutes and tell me where he is always looking." I said.

"Oh my god, you are so right. He can't keep his eyes off of those guys playing pool. He is just loving them bending over the table. I have an idea my little cum bucket. Follow my lead." Kyle said as he stood and began walking toward the pool table. I jumped up and walked beside him. When we reached the table Kyle introduced himself and then introduced me. The two guys playing were freshman also and they did have classes with both of us. They seemed pretty cool actually. Kyle challenged them to a game of 8 ball with partners. They happily accepted. I was pretty good at pool and I knew Kyle was really good so I was thinking it should at least be a pretty good game.

"Alright, I got us on Dave's radar, now you give him a show." Kyle leaned in and whispered to me. I took those words to heart. I grabbed my crotch at least once a minute, every minute throughout the whole game. I held my pool cue between my legs several times. I bent over that fucking pool table every single chance I got. Once, while our competitors were talking about a shot, not paying any attention to Kyle and me, I full on groped Kyle's cock in perfect view of Dave. Kyle and I beat the piss out of the other two guys and even though they wanted a rematch we had other games on our minds.

We left the pool table and walked towards Dave. I sat on one side of him and Kyle sat on the other. I leaned in and introduced myself, and then I introduced Kyle. Dave had a sheepish smile and he was turning red very quickly. "Dave, can you believe those guys just kicked our asses in that last game?" I asked.
