 Thank you everyone for rating, commenting, and providing feedback on the Kyle Series. The Kyle series is a true story recounting my first love. All characters are 18 years or older. All usual disclaimers apply. Thanks for reading.



I stood naked in our dorm room with my arms outstretched waiting for Dave to approach me and wrap his little arms around me. I was holding eye contact with Kyle. I wanted to make sure he really was okay with going through with this. His face was hard to read and that is very abnormal for Kyle. He seemed to be really concentrating on the situation. I am guessing he was having a hard time processing the events and being okay with them. Dave was still just standing in the middle of the room with his arms outstretched.

"Are you okay with this, Dave? You don't have to do this or anything. I can put my clothes back on and we can just talk. I just wanted you to know that if you do want to find out what it is like to be with a man; you can do whatever you want." I said to Dave in a confident voice.

"I..I..I do want this. I want to touch you. I just...I feel a little scared." Dave replied.

"That is perfectly understandable. Just take your time. I have nowhere to be for like 20 hours." I said.

Dave finally took his first step and another and finally a third step putting him directly in front of me. I could feel his rapid breathing on my chest. He wrapped his arms around my middle and rested his head on my chest. It was actually quite adorable. He was hugging me like a child hugs a trusted adult. It felt nice to be the strong one. I reciprocated and wrapped my arms around his tiny frame. I squeezed him tightly. I was starting to stiffen up a bit downstairs.

Dave released me and stepped back. He removed his shirt, shoes and pants but left his boxer briefs on. He went back in for another hug but this time his hands were open and flat on my back. He began to move his hands around my back. Until, finally his hands found the top of my hard ass. I moaned quietly to encourage Dave to continue. He continued to move his hands south. He had one chiseled ass globe in each hand and he squeezed slightly and said, "Your ass is so fucking perfect. It is so hard. I can kiss you anywhere but the mouth right?"

I looked directly at Kyle again and he nodded his approval. Kyle had begun to rub his perfect cock through his shorts. I couldn't keep my eyes off of him. I had this little guy feeling me up and all I could think about was the cock in Kyle's pants that I wanted to touch. "Yeah, Dave. You can put your mouth anywhere on me from the neck down." I said.

No sooner had I said the words than Dave planted a soft kiss right on my Adam's Apple. He began to kiss all of my flesh from shoulder to shoulder. Then he kissed my pecs and my nipples. It was very stimulating. Kyle rarely took the time to do things like that. I was more than a little stiff now. I was pretty much at full mast. My cock was pushed up against Dave's tummy. Dave continued his descent down my anterior planting kisses all over my front. I loved the feeling of this little guy worshipping my body but I had eyes for only Kyle.

"Will you kiss me Kyle?" I asked him hoping not to push him too much. I knew how much he disliked the situation. I thought, though, if I could get him involved in the activities he would lighten up. He stood and approached me. Kyle was standing directly behind Dave. We had created a Dave sandwich. Kyle put his hand on Dave's shoulder and pushed him down to his knees. Dave was now kissing my hips and happy trail. I couldn't wait until he plucked up the courage to get at my cock. Kyle leaned in and planted a hot kiss right on my lips. I closed my eyes and just relished the experience. Then Dave grabbed my cock.

I was so pleased with the situation. The strong man of my dreams was kissing me passionately and a little weak guy was holding my cock and planting little kisses all over it. Dave began to lap at my balls. It felt so amazing. He took the head of my cock into his mouth. Oh it was so amazing. I couldn't help it; I rocked my hips forward pushing my cock deeper into his mouth. Dave tried to pull his head back but realized he couldn't. Kyle was directly behind him.

Dave's head was back up against Kyle's quads and pelvis. I could fuck his mouth as hard as I wanted and he couldn't go anywhere. I didn't know if Dave wanted that or not but I went for it anyway. I started bucking my hips and driving my cock into Dave's mouth. He gagged. I took it as a good sign that he didn't put his hands up to stop me. I kept at it. The entire time I was fucking Dave's mouth Kyle was driving his tongue in my mouth. It was amazing.

This being the first time I have ever had my dick in a mouth I was outmatched and ready to blow after just minutes. Of course, it didn't help that the love of my life was tongue-fucking me simultaneously. I lowered my right hand from Kyle's shoulder to the top of Dave's head. I wanted to feel the soft hair above the mouth that was so expertly pleasing me. It was soft hair. He must condition regularly.

I hated to do it, but it was a must; I pulled my face from Kyle's so I could warn Dave that the proverbial volcano was ready to erupt. I instantly knew that Kyle and I had made the right choice in Dave as he just sucked harder at my words. He really was suited to be my personal cum bucket. I thought the breakdown of the phrase cum bucket was inappropriate and repulsive but for some reason it didn't bother me to think of Dave as anything more than that.

The orgasm of my lifetime approached and I wanted to share it with my one real love, Kyle. I went back in for the kiss and he obliged. In just a matter of seconds after...I blew my hot sticky load of cum right in Dave's mouth. Now, I know everyone likes to vastly exaggerate the amount of cum that comes from a penis, but I really did flood his mouth. I have only cum that much three or four times in my life and that accounts for one of them.

I, once more, had to pull away from Kyle because screaming during this climax was inevitable. I let loose a roar that would have frightened the fiercest of jungle creatures. Spent, used, and tired I looked down. On his knees before me was Dave, licking at my used up cock. Dave turned his head to Kyle. I couldn't allow that. If Dave couldn't have the parts of me that Kyle claimed then he also couldn't have the parts of Kyle that I have claimed. 

I grabbed Dave's head and just ground his face into my crotch. I leaned forward a little to where my lips were on Kyle's ear and whispered, "Do you want my ass or mouth, stud?"

"I am actually in the mood for your mouth after witnessing that blowjob." Kyle replied.

"Good, I'm hungry. What should we do with the bitch while I make you feel special?" I asked.

"I think he should lick your ass and jack himself off while you devour my cock." Kyle replied.

Dave, unable to hear any of our talk was more than happy to just keep kissing and licking my deflating cock. "Dave, have you ever wanted to be up close and personal to a perfectly sculpted ass?" I enquired.

"Umm, yeah. Does that make me gross?" Dave asked.

"Of course not. I lick Kyle's ass whenever he actually lets me. Will you do me a favor and play with my ass while I give Kyle just a teeny-weeny bit of head?" I asked of Dave.

"Sure thing...what was your name again?" Dave said.

I couldn't help but to laugh. Little Dave couldn't even remember my name and he had just swallowed a load and was getting ready to taste my brown-eye. "My name is Levi, but that doesn't really matter as long as you do a good job." I said.

Kyle, knowing he was getting ready to get his rocks off immediately took control of the sexual situation. Kyle reached down and pushed Dave to the side with his massive paw. With Dave out from between us Kyle stepped in to claim what was rightfully his...me. Only Kyle didn't step in for a kiss this time he grabbed me by the throat and pushed me to the bed on my back. Kyle straddled my chest positioning his wonderfully shaped cock right in front of my lips. I salivated at the very thought and sight of his leaking mantool at my lips. I licked my lips instinctively and Kyle capitalized on the moment to put his cockhead on my lips and tongue. I tasted Kyle's precum for the first time in hours, and it was like the first-time ever tasting it.

Dave was so lustful that he didn't even seem to mind that the situation had become focused on Kyle and I. Dave moved to the foot of the bed and grabbed my ankles. He raised my legs giving him a perfect view of my ass. He wasted no time in diving in face first. I had Kyle sitting on my chest feeding me his cock and Dave face first in my ass...what a wonderful moment. I always knew that I would love having an extra guy in bed but I never realized that it would be this good.

Kyle was now full on fucking my mouth and Dave was tonguing my ass like an old professional. I was rock hard again. After my previous orgasm I thought I would be done with sex for days...I was wrong. This situation was just too good. Plus I am just an eighteen year old horny man. Kyle was so energized by watching me get blown that he wasn't in any shape for a marathon blowjob. 

I was loving the feeling of having Dave's tongue in my ass. He was rimming me like a pro. His hot little tongue was circling my sphincter and darting in and out at odd intervals. I always knew I loved eating Kyle's ass but I was never sure what he felt while I was doing it. Now I knew and I was going to be even better the next time I ate Kyle's ass. 

I was so lost in thought about how amazing Dave's tongue felt in my ass that I barely heard Kyle tell me he was ready to blow. I was on my back. I had no leverage. Kyle was ramming his wonderful pole down my throat. I knew he was ready to go and fuck did I feel it when he spewed. His first spurt of cum hit the back of my throat so hard I almost gagged. The initial spurt was followed by at least 6 more spurts. I was tasting the juice that belonged to my man. Only one man on earth could ever satisfy my hunger for cum and that man was Kyle. 

Mix that taste and sensation with Dave's tongue in my ass and I was on cloud nine. This had to be the very first of a lot of encounters to come in the future.

To Be Continued...

Thanks to everyone who has taken the time to rate, comment, and email feedback. Nothing means more to me than hearing what readers think...good or bad. Look for the next chapter in a week or so.