 A thank you to all who read and rated, commented or sent feedback-good or bad. This is the FINAL installment of the Kyle Series. The Kyle Series is the true story of my first love. 



"Dave, I hate to be this guy but you gotta get up and get the fuck out!" I said.

"What is going on? Did I do something wrong?" Dave asked very confused.

"No, Dave. I did something wrong. Well wait, I take that back. Fucking you wasn't wrong but Kyle and I were supposed to meet back here at 10:00 p.m. and talk things over. I don't think him showing up to the two of us naked in bed is how he envisioned things. I swear I will call you, and you can call me anytime. But right now, you gotta get the fuck out." I said while hurriedly dressing.

"I'm hurrying my best. Thanks for everything. I'll talk to you later." Dave said while scrambling through the door.

I felt badly for little Dave. He was an adorable guy who was also very smart. It was a shame he was so small and lacked self-esteem and was void of any confidence. I hated to fuck him and kick him out but I had some serious shit about to go down with the love of my life. I had made up my decision about how to proceed with Kyle. I just had to figure out how to say it and counter any objections. Unfortunately, the beer was still playing with my head and I couldn't think as clearly as usual. I clicked on the tv and laid down awaiting Kyle's arrival.

I must have fallen asleep. When I awoke I looked at the digital clock on the nightstand and the large red numbers glared at me; they read 5:23 a.m. My bladder was at maximum capacity. There wasn't a single blanket or sheet on me; I was strangely warm though. I realized I wasn't alone. Someone was spooning me. I looked at the arm coming around my chest and followed it to the open hand gently resting on my stomach. Only one hand on earth was that sexy – Kyle's hand. I didn't want to move from this position but nature was screaming.

I eased out from under the arm of my lover. I hated getting up from him. All of the heat we were sharing was being replaced by the cool air. I ambled to the bathroom and took a long overdue beer piss. I stood thinking about the Adonis in my bed – our bed. I was more confused now than ever before as to how I was going to proceed. I felt like shit but wasn't really tired. I decided to take a shower and go back to bed.

The warm water cascading down my body felt fantastic. It was just what I needed to feel refreshed. I followed my normal shower routine. First, shampooing my hair and rinsing. Second, covering my body with body wash and inhaling the clean scent of the soap. Lastly, rinsing my body. I would normally wash my face too but I didn't feel like it. I just stood in the falling water relishing the feeling. I began to turn the hot water off slowly and continue to stand in the increasingly cold water. It was really waking up my senses. Before I knew it I was standing under frigid water, and I was crying.

I turned the shower off completely and began to dry off. I was shaking and shivering but I had managed to ebb the flow of my sorrowful tears. I put on a pair of boxer-briefs and went back to the bedroom. I just stood at the foot of the two beds Kyle and I had pushed together the day we moved in and stared. I loved watching Kyle sleep. I don't know why I was so fascinated with his sleeping form but I had always loved him asleep. He was without sheets and blankets on him and I could see his whole beautiful body.

His resting body was about an inch or two taller than mine but more slender. Kyle was always secretly envious of my muscle tone. I watched his slow and rhythmic breathing, his lifeless arms and legs, and his motionless handsome face. I didn't want to leave this man; the man of my dreams. Nearly, all of my life it has been the Kyle and Levi show. How could I possibly give that up? 

Do I really need him though? The evil thoughts came just as quickly as the good thoughts. Did I really need Kyle to be my everything in life? Had I actually tried to live without him? Could there possibly be something better around the corner? What if Kyle would be happier without me in his life? If he is telling the truth he would go straight without me. Maybe that is what would be best for him. 

I took another glance at the bedside clock, 6:21 a.m. I had killed an hour with a shower and just staring at the peaceful body of my near-perfect boyfriend. Why couldn't he just be a little bit gayer? Why does he have to find the thought of my dick in him so repulsive? Fuck! Fuck! God Damn it! Fuck! Son of a bitch! Fuck! This is so fucking unfair. Why would God make two people who love each other so much incompatible? Fuck! My anger subsided just as quickly as it arose. Of course, sadness once again filled me. It was over between us. I knew it, I bet Kyle knew it; we just had to say it.

I continued to stare at Kyle's sleeping body while I played possible scenarios out in my head. I wondered what he did last night. I wondered where he went and what time he got home. I realized that I had no idea what time I passed out. I did know one thing, he got home much later than 10:00 p.m. I bet he got just as drunk as me and stumbled home. The only difference was; I bet he wasn't fucking anyone else last night. I am such a prick.

I wanted to touch him. I wanted to hold him and kiss him. There wasn't anything stopping me. I lowered my hand to his resting foot and caressed it. I lowered my other hand to his other foot and caressed it too. I lowered my head and began kissing both of Kyle's long and slender feet. My hands moved up his calves and shins to his knees. I felt the coarse hair of his legs under my palms and lips. I just kept caressing and kissing his skin. Before I knew it I was back on the bed touching and kissing Kyle everywhere.

I laid my body weight on top of him. I loved feeling his whole body underneath mine. I placed my lips to his ear and kissed. He moaned a little and began to wake up. I had him in a tight embrace. My face just inches from his. Kyle's eyes opened and bore into mine. I kissed him on the lips. He kissed back and I could feel his face move into a smile. He pulled his head back and muttered something about taking a piss. I let him go and watched him walk to the bathroom. He was back in a flash and in my arms.

We kissed and held each other for a long time. The sun was blaring into the room before I finally left his lips and began my descent south. I kissed every inch of his exposed neck and chest. Kyle was lying on his back with me kneeling between his spread legs. I hooked my hands behind his knees and pushed his legs to his chest. I had a perfect view of his gorgeous ass. Kyle held his legs up while I moved my hands all over his ass. Massaging and rubbing his perfect globes. I parted his ass cheeks just a little and placed one little kiss on his tiny anal ring. I stuck out my tongue to get one last taste of my man. 

I traced my tongue from his ass to his balls. Savoring the scent and taste of his sweat and masculinity. I began to place soft kisses all over Kyle's balls. My tongue lapped at his wonderful testicles, bathing them in my saliva. Kyle let his legs fall down to my sides. I grabbed his wonderful love tool; the cock that has brought me so much pleasure. The cock of the man that has been my lifelong best friend and first true love. I kissed the torpedo shaped dick all over. 

I took huge deep breaths through my nose to relish in his smell. I knew this would be the last time I ever got to be with Kyle. I wanted to savor it. I engulfed his cock and another moan escaped his throat. His hand found the back of my head and he guided my mouth down on his cock. Kyle thought this was a normal morning sex session. I knew it was something else. I spent about 6 or 7 minutes pleasing him with everything I had. I was sucking with all of my might and running my tongue over his smooth spongy cockhead. Kyle was moaning louder than ever. I played with his balls while I expertly sucked his dick, just the way he liked it.

I pulled off. I didn't really want to but I did want Kyle in my ass one last time too. When I let his dick fall from my mouth and slap his abs he opened his eyes and looked right into mine. I straddled his hips and positioned his cock at my ass. "Condom?" was all he said.

"Not this time Kyle. I want you to cum in me this time." I said in a voice lower than a whisper.

He nodded and let me lower down onto his rock-hard dick. It felt more amazing than ever before. Kyle practically screamed. This was the first time he had ever been inside of me unsheathed. He immediately bucked his hips. I felt his pelvis smash into my balls. This new feeling for him was uncontrollable. I loved knowing his dick was inside of me. I loved the feeling of his dick inside of me. I loved knowing how much pleasure he was getting from this. Kyle couldn't contain himself. He was moaning and just thrusting wildly. I knew this was going to end quickly. My last lovemaking session with the man that has been everything to me was almost over.

I was stroking my cock like crazy. My hand was just a blur and I was ready to blow. I was purposefully holding back waiting until Kyle started his orgasm. Here he came. I let loose the same time he did. I could feel his cock swell and erupt inside of me. It was synchronous with the jets of cum that shot from my cock. The first hit Kyle right in the neck and the following left a trail from his throat all the way to his pelvis.

Kyle quit bucking his hips into me and just laid there with his eyes closed. I stared into his face feeling his cock become soft inside of me. I rose off of him letting his cock slowly slide out of me. I laid on my right side with my head on his left shoulder. Staring at his post orgasm face was almost as good as staring at his sleeping face. Kyle turned to me and put his hand on my throat, squeezed, and kissed me passionately. 

Over the past two hours I had just caressed every inch of Kyle's body, kissed every inch of his body, rimmed him, sucked him, got fucked by him, and passionately kissed him...for the last time.




The Kyle Series is over. Thanks again to everyone who rated and provided comments and feedback. Kyle (Keith) and I "broke up" 7 years ago. I loved him more than I ever thought possible. I still love him in a special way. I have only dated 2 guys seriously since Keith. The second is my current boyfriend who is fantastic. We have been together for 2 years. He is a little jealous of Keith sometimes. He hates that I wrote these stories but he won't let me write about us.