 Monique had been incredibly easy. She had a sophistication that couldn't be counted on from nearly anyone but the French, and she was of an age and financial status that made it seem like she was the one taking advantage. She was easily in her late forties, but she had been very nicely pampered; she'd kept her looks and figure and had the appetites that helped them reason that if it hadn't been them, it would have been someone else.

In fact there was no one before Monique and it was Monique who put the idea in their heads to begin with.

It was a deluxe six-and-a-half-hour highlights tour of the Los Angeles area organized by a company called L.A. Tours. There were several other choices in day tours too. Most going on these tours were picked up at their hotels in the morning and taken to a central location, where they were dispersed again on their scheduled tour and then returned directly to their hotels after the tour was over.

Keith, Erick, and Sean weren't the run-of-the mill tourists, though. Keith was a super hot New York male model, out in L.A. for six months for a photo shoot for one of those sexy jeans television commercials that was being done in a series. He had a studio apartment just off Wilshire near Beverley Hills. They didn't shoot on Wednesdays, and after two weeks on the job, he decided he wanted to know more of what there was to do in the spread-out Los Angeles area. And what better way to get started than to take a regular tourist overview tour?

Erick worked at Twentieth Century Fox as an assistant set designer, and his boyfriend, Sean, had recently started working for the L.A. Tours company as a scheduler—helping to match reservations with hotel pickups and tours. Sean's employers had encouraged him to take some of their tours so he would be familiar with them, and Erick was off on Wednesdays, so one fine Wednesday in the spring, they found themselves on the L.A. City Highlights tour with eight other people, which included two elderly ladies, who were traveling together; a young couple from England; a middle-aged couple from the Midwest; a strikingly handsome French woman; and a hunk of a young guy, who Erick had trouble keeping his eyes off of.

Erick and Sean's relationship was pretty open and Sean wasn't the jealous type, so early in the tour when they stopped for twenty-five minutes for a short walk around Venice and Muscle beaches, Sean volunteered to show the hunk, Keith, where muscle beach was. Thus, the three of them were introduced to each other early in the tour. If Erick was interested in this Keith guy, who Sean wasn't at all surprised was a male model, Sean had no qualms about helping to set up whatever might happen. Erick and Sean often engaged in threesomes, and Sean didn't mind as long as he got to dip his dick in a male ass in the process—and as long as Erick came home to him at night and spread his legs for him.

And Sean figured the best way to gauge which way this Keith guy was hanging was to take him to Muscle Beach and watch how he reacted to the bodybuilders there working out only in gym shorts.

The reaction wasn't exactly what he hoped for, though. Keith barely looked at the guys working out. His gaze went more to the Venice beach and the scantily clad women there. In fact, the three men were a study in contrasts, and it's a miracle they ever did hit it off. Keith was interested in women—and not even in a standard way. Keith was an ass man. He liked fucking women in the ass. That left their cunts free for him to work with his fingers. He found that once they accepted the idea—and his melting looks were usually enough for him to convince them to try it—the women went wild for his technique.

And although Erick and Sean were a loose couple, Erick was bi and would fuck anything with a hole and loved a cock up his ass as well, while Sean was a dominant gay top.

While the three men were hovering between Muscle Beach and the babes out on the sand on Venice Beach, the French tourist Monique was hovering nearby and watching Keith's reaction to the choices of flesh as well. And she smiled a little smile when she saw Keith's attention go to the women rather than the men. She hadn't come on the tour just to see the sights. She would be lonely tonight, and she'd been able to pick up young men on tours like this before.

While the tour bus was cruising down Sunset Boulevard a little later and the bus driver was pointing out all of the famous clubs along the stretch of road just beyond Beverley Hills, he suggested that those on the tour might want to return there in the evening to check out the clubbing life. The two elderly lady friends twittered at that remark, but neither Sean nor Monique were laughing. Both of them tucked this idea away in their mind in relationship with possibilities for corralling Keith. Sean hadn't given up on putting Keith and Erick together yet, and, in fact, was so fixated on this that he failed to notice that Erick was taking an interest in Monique now rather more than in Keith.

Sean got moving on his idea first. The tour bus set them all free for an hour for lunch in the Farmers Market area, next to the CBS television studios, and Sean, a helpful guide, as always, recommended a Mediterranean meze restaurant there to Keith and then found it fortuitous that he and Erick were eating there as well. During lunch, Sean brought up the Sunset Boulevard clubbing idea and asked Keith if he'd done that yet.

"No, I haven't been in town long enough," Keith answered, "but I do want to try out that scene one of these days."

"Why not tonight, as the tour driver suggested," Sean answered. "Erick and I know our way around the clubs there. We'll be happy to introduce you to them, won't we, Erick?"

"Sure," Erick said agreeably. He sensed what Sean was up to, and he wouldn't mind at all being cocked by this luscious hunk if Keith was at all interested. Of course he wouldn't mind getting that French woman on the tour alone and cocking her himself either. Sometimes being bi really complicated his life.

So, later, when Monique found Keith at an outdoor café in the old Mexican city center on Olivera Street later in the afternoon when the tour was winding down and directly propositioned him, she was just a bit too late. But, determined woman of the world that she was, she didn't give up the idea easily.

"I would really like to try out the Sunset Boulevard clubs this evening as the tour guide suggested," she said with a little pout after taking a sip of her wine. "But a woman alone in that area, I know it isn't wise. Perhaps you might be free this evening?"

"Well, umm," Keith started.

"I would be happy to pay for the evening in the clubs, of course," Monique continued. "And pay for what comes afterward as well if you might wish to see me safely back in my hotel room."

"Please don't misunderstand," Keith said. "You are a lovely woman . . . and I do find you intriguing. But I've already made arrangements with those two men on the tour to go with them this evening."

Monique arched an eyebrow. "Have I misjudged? They are a couple, non? From observation, I did not think you . . ."

"Nothing like that," Keith answered hurriedly. "It's just that I'm new to Los Angeles and they aren't and they offered to introduce me to the clubs. I was planning nothing further."

"I wouldn't mind if they came as well," Monique said. She was nothing if not persistent, and this man was beautiful and she'd already seen from the tightness of his jeans that he bulged very nicely between his thighs. She had already had two spontaneous orgasms in the tour bus just thinking of him cocking her.

"Back to your room as well?" It was Keith's turn to arch his eyebrow. He had meant it as a joke, but Monique was prepared to ride him to the ground on this.

"They could watch. I wouldn't mind if their eyes would be on you rather than me."

Keith laughed at this. And suddenly he was very interested in this woman. But there still was probably a deal breaker. He liked what he liked. She had been direct with him, so he decided to be direct—and raw—with her, and, taking her hand in his, he looked her directly in the eye and said, "The truth of the matter is that my interests in a woman are specialized. I like to fuck in the ass."

Monique didn't flinch. Giving him a little smile, she responded. "That would give your hands some place else to play, would it not?" And then she added, "I am French," as if that explained all. And perhaps it did.

The four of them went clubbing on Sunset Boulevard, but only briefly. In Monique's hotel room, Monique had no trouble with feeling lonely as Erick fucked her in the cunt after Keith had prepared her and worked his cock into her ass. Monique had thought that Erick and Sean were just there to watch, but she laughed a throaty laugh when Erick couldn't resist while Keith was tonguing her ass and fingering her cunt and he stopped stroking the cock he had freed from his pants and came over and took her breasts in his hands and her nipples between his fingers and found her lips with his.

When their lips parted, Monique lowered hers to Erick's hard cock and swallowed him. She flinched and gave a throaty laugh again as Keith started working his cock into her ass. She was working her hips back and forth on Keith's cock, fucking herself, when Keith pulled her back onto his thighs and reached down and put his hands under her thighs and spread them wide and Erick gently extracted his cock from Monique's mouth and crouched down between her spread legs and entered her cunt. The three moved into an intricate rhythm of the double fuck.

The talented, world-wise Monique was firing off orgasms left and right and triggering ejaculations in the two men that electrified the air and filled the room with the musky scent of lust. As Monique neared exhaustion from the double attention she was receiving, Sean livened the mood by saddling up behind Erick and driving everyone for one last trip around the park with the thrustings of his cock inside Erick's ass channel.

Although Monique happily returned to France, purring all the way with memories of her California visit, the three men had had such a good time that the wheels of opportunity and possibility began to spin.

* * * *

Another Wednesday, and the two young Danish blondes, Anna and Briget, were on their first trip to the States and, while in Los Angeles, decided they'd take a short overview tour of the town to decide what they wanted to do in more depth.

They chose the four-hour basic city tour offered by L.A. Tours. When the tour bus turned into Sunset Boulevard as they came out of Beverley Hills, the tour guide suggested over the loudspeaker that those taking the tour might want to return that evening and do a club crawl through the various clubs on offer in the upper Sunset Boulevard strip.

Anna commented to Briget that she'd love to do that, especially if that hunk, who looked like a male model and who was sitting in the row in front of them on the other side of the bus, came along.

The beefier of the gay couple sitting behind them heard what Anna had said and leaned over and said that the guy she was talking about, who had been introduced to him as Keith and who, indeed, was a male model, was, in fact, going on such a club crawl that evening with he and his friend, Erick.

The three guys took the Danish girls to a lesbian club on their third stop that evening. The Danish girls had already had quite a bit to drink and were giggly, if not drunk. Briget remarked that she and Anna could do better one-on-one with each other than the two bimbos on the stage were doing.

Sean, the guy who had invited them on the club crawl, said he very much doubted they could, and the hunk Keith smiled and challenged them to try.

In the girls' hotel room, Anna was on her knees on the bed hovering over Briget's pelvis and tonguing her clit, with all three guys sitting off to the side and stroking their cocks, when Keith knelt down on the carpet next to the bed and behind Anna and started tonguing her ass. Anna who, upon seeing Keith naked thought she would have done anything to have that cock of his inside her moaned for him. Her moaning moved a couple of octaves deeper when his hand came between her legs and his fingers moved between her labia and found her clit.

Briget groaned loudly at the plunging of Anna's tongue inside her cunt in response to the attention Keith was giving Anna's ass and cunt. And Briget's eyes opened wide at the feel of something hard and warm stroking her cheek. Her surprise broadened as she saw that it was Erick's cock that was stroking her cheek. She had thought he and his friend were gay. But he was really, really nice looking, and Anna's tongue was driving her to the moon, so she opened her mouth to Erick's cock and let him stroke it in and out of her cheek cavity.

Anna groaned and raised her head off Briget's cunt and arched her back as the lubricated fingers of Keith's free hand entered her ass and moved deeper and stretched her there. No one had ever done that in her ass, and she was being challenged on her resolve to let the male model hunk do whatever he wished with her.

Anna was groaning and starting to object as she felt something larger and thicker at her ass hole than Keith's fingers.

"Shush, shush, sweetheart. You'll love it, I guarantee it," Keith whispered in her ear before he took her ear lobe between his teeth and breathed that sexy breath in her ear. "I'll be gentle. You'll feel incredibly possessed."

Anna concentrated on what a hunk he was—the best body she'd ever had working her, trying to ignore the crammed pain she felt as Keith slowly worked his cock into her ass. He had found her clit with his forefinger and was rubbing it back and forth, swelling it and making it more and more sensitive to his touch, and incredibly, the combination of his attentions to her ass channel and her cunt, in conjunction with just the image that she was being totally fucked by such a luscious man, made Anna lose any inhibitions she might have had left in being taken in the ass.

She didn't even seem to notice that Brigit had been pulled away from her and flipped to her back and was writhing and crying out as Erick insinuated his pelvis between her spread legs and thrust his cock into her cunt and started pumping her hard.

Anna fired off an orgasm under the attention Keith was giving her clit, and he withdrew his fingers and, having bottomed in her ass, start a slow, deep pumping that had the gasp from her orgasm just keep rolling. Keith let her chest drop and her breasts fell into the palms of his hands and he started kneading her tits. She was looking into Brigit's face now, and the lust she saw there at the fucking Erick was giving Brigit encouraged Anna to drop her lips to Brigit's in a long, deep kiss.

Sean saddled up behind Erick and the thrust of his dick into Erick's ass channel triggered Erick's ejaculation, which caused Brigit to bite Anna's lip, which caused Anna to jerk, which initiated Keith's ejaculation deep inside Anna's rear canal.

All held in place, gasping for breath, rebuilding their faculties. Then Keith withdrew from Anna's ass and walked around the bed and pulled Brigit from under Erick, who was being piston fucked by Sean.

Brigit was moaning weakly as Keith carried her over to a nearby chair and pushed her down with her knees in the back of the seat. She was still reeling from the orgasm Erick's cunt fucking had given her and was too groggy to struggle, as Keith covered her close from behind. She objected weakly and with no success as she felt Keith's cock bulb lodging itself inside her ass rim. Her feelings were too mixed for her to galvanize any defense or even any serious objection. Like her friend, Anna, she melted to the very idea of being fucked by a hunk like Keith no matter what his preference.

His cock head in place, Keith ran one hand around Brigit's side and down her belly and snaked his fingers inside her cunt. His other hand moved up her sternum and stopped briefly to tweak a nipple and then it lifted to her throat and cupped her chin, holding her too him. When she was sighing and moving her hips for him from the working of her clit by his fingers, he started the long, stretching journey of his throbbing cock up her ass canal. She whimpered out of fear, but she was totally his now. He could have brutalized her, but he didn't. He invaded her as she was able to accommodate. And he whispered all of the right things in her ear and turned her face to his and kissed her lips and cheeks and eyelids sweetly. And he fucked her cunt expertly with his fingers, sparking orgasm after orgasm, so that when he was fully sheathed inside her, Brigit started working his cock on her own, won over to this aspect of the fuck that would make her ask for it henceforth from the lovers who especially moved her.

Meanwhile, Erick was bent over the bed, looking down at Anna's luscious body, moving his hips to the fucking Sean was giving him from behind. Overcome with lust, he pulled her to him and turned her on her belly and brought her up to her knees under his chest holding her close inside his arms. He moved his cock head to between her puffy labia and started to force his cock into her now-restricted cunt. She groaned and tried to separate her legs to open more to his invading cock, but he didn't let her, he just kept pushing into her tightened channel. Soon he was deep inside her, though, and she was loving it and panting and moaning and the three were moving in unison to their last, exhausted releases.

* * * *

Wednesday rolled around again. The L.A. bus tour was a cruise through Beverley Hills pointing out the houses of the stars. The return trip went down Sunset Boulevard strip, and when the tour guide suggested that those on the tour might want to return to the strip that evening to taste the clubs, several in the bus took notice.

There were no luscious young women on the tour today. Nor was there a mature and experienced handsome woman of discerning and universal tastes. But there was a young couple from Tennessee who were quite good looking, each in his and her own right, and who were dripping with wealth and totally self-centered and narcissistic. And, not incidentally, as Sean was observing, both flirting unabashedly with one of the other passengers on the bus, the male model Keith.

Both latched immediately onto the idea of tasting the clubs that evening and they were eyeing Keith like they were already tasting him when they asked him if he was interested in doing that as well.

"Fortuitously," Sean said, as he leaned over the seat back between the young man and his wife, "Keith here is going to the Sunset Boulevard clubs with my friend, Erick, and me this evening. Erick and I know which ones are the best to hit. Would you like to come along? And then maybe we can do something special afterwards."

Both wife and husband were smiling and licking their lips.