 I gave a massage to a new client the other day. His girlfriend had set the whole thing up.

"Make it sensual." she had told me.

I had teased him mercilessly throughout his massage, stripping nude and caressing him very sensually. I knelt between his thighs and stroked my hands very gently over his behind. It was nice and round, smooth and tan. My fingertips would gently stroke up the insides of his thighs and barely touch his balls; he was hard in no time. I couldn't resist leaning down and gently kissing each round globe. It looked like a girl's ass; beautiful. I had straddled him as I rubbed his back, letting my big cock stroke back and forth over his smooth, round butt. When he rolled over onto his back, he got a good look at how big and hard I was. I kneeled beside him so that he could see the length and the thickness of my erection. All modesty aside, I have an amazing penis; it's about 9 ½" long, perfectly straight and very thick.

I stroked his stomach and his thighs, inching closer and closer to his cock. It stood there throbbing.

"Can I touch your penis?" I asked him. 

"Sure," he said nervously. He had told me that he had never done anything with a man before. I ran my fingertips up his thigh and gently over his nice full balls, a couple of times. Then I traced the outline of his cock.

"Ooh, you're so hard," I said as I began gently stroking the length of his penis. "Does that feel good?" He nodded. "God, Peter. Your cock is so beautiful. Ooh, you feel so good in my hand." My other hand began gently stroking his balls. "You make me so hard," I told him.

"Yeah. I see that," he replied. My long cock stood up insistently, right next to his hip. His eyes never left it, as I stroked his beautiful penis and testicles. He lay there a long time as I played, and stroked him. He was breathing heavily as my fingers gently trailed over the length of his hardness. His balls were full and tight, as my fingers caressed them.

"Mmm. So beautiful," I whispered. "Does it feel good?" He nodded. "Yeah, I bet. Beautiful penis. Do you like having a man stroke your cock?"

"Oh yeah. I do."

"This is making me so excited!" I told him. "I love touching your cock like this." He was trembling uncontrollably. "I want to make you come." He was breathing so hard. "Can I kiss it?" He nodded, his eyes glued to me. I leaned down and with our eyes locked together, gave a lingering wet kiss to the head. "Fuck Peter. This is so hot!"

"Oh, that feels good."

"Yeah? I'm glad. It really turns me on. Can I kiss it again?" 

"Be my guest," he murmured happily. I kissed it twice more. The second time I gave the head a quick lick. Peter was watching me intently.

"I bet you would feel so good in my mouth," I whispered to him.

"Ohh," came his shaky reply, as his head fell back onto the pillow. I moved up and with my lips gently touching his ear, whispered,

"Would you like me to suck your cock?" I had asked him.

"I would love it", came his quiet reply.

I spent a long time whispering in his ear while stroking him gently. I was telling him how gorgeous his cock was and how much I was going to love sucking him off; sliding my lips up and down the length of his gorgeous cock; feeling it deep in my mouth; licking it all over; kissing the smooth head; making him shoot off.

"I want you to fill my mouth up with your sweet come." I told him how I was going to swallow every inch of him into my throat, but that I wanted to watch him watch me as I gave him head. I stood up full height, so close my cock was stroking against his leg. He looked up at me. "Wouldn't Lisa love to watch this?"

His girlfriend was responsible for this whole thing anyway. She had mentioned to me one time how her boyfriend had been fantasizing about this kind of thing for awhile. She and I had been friends for some time and had talked about sex quite a bit. She was a gorgeous blond and a personal trainer with tits that were absolutely flawless. She knew that I was pretty easygoing about my sensuality and that I was very straight but had fantasized about men on occasion. When we discussed Peter, I felt like it would be fun to give him a sensual massage and take it as far as I could. 

Now here he was, lying on his back staring at my hard cock while my hand slid gently up and down his erection.

"You want to talk about a gorgeous cock, yours is magnificent!" he said in a hushed tone.

"Touch it for me" I replied. His trembling hand reached out and stroked me very lightly.

"Your cock is so big!"

"Yeah? You like that?"

"God, it turns me on."

"I'm glad you like it." I replied. We continued for a long time like that, stroking each other erections gently. "This is so fun. Your hand feels so good. You like touching my cock?" He simply nodded, watching it in his hand. "I love having you touch it." 

I was drooling to get him in my mouth.

"God, I would love to suck you. I can't wait anymore. Are you ready for your blowjob?"

"Oh, yeah", he moaned

"I want to give you the best blowjob that you've ever had! I want you in my throat." I moved between his legs with our eyes locked. "Watch me, Peter. Watch my mouth as I do you." I lowered my mouth to his cock and took him all the way in, my tongue swirling around it. I pressed the head to the back of my throat and swallowed it down. His head fell back and his eyes rolled up, as he moaned a long breath of ecstasy.

"Mmm, Yeah! You love my deep throat, don't you?"

"God! That's incredible!", he sighed.

"Oh man, I love sucking you!" I went back down on him, moaning and sucking up and down. "I love your cock! I want your come! Shoot me a huge load! I want to taste you so bad!" Lisa had told me that he was a come machine. Four or five times a night, and volumes of it. I wanted the first right now. "Come on Peter, shoot me in the mouth, I want every sweet drop!"

"Oh! Get ready then, cause he it comes!" I kept sliding up and down as he started ejaculating. Powerful streams of come started splashing the inside of my mouth, as I moaned and swallowed as loudly as I could. He tasted so good.

"Oh god, you're doing it! You're swallowing my come!!" he gasped, watching me. 

"Such delicious come" I managed, as I struggled to catch it all. "Man, you come a lot, I love it!!!" I sucked and choked and swallowed and gurgled around his cock until he was completely soft in my mouth, although he didn't get a lot smaller.

"Fuck! That was incredible!" he gasped again, between heavy breaths.

"Man, you're not kidding! I want to do it all over again!"

"Gimme a couple of minutes". We caught our breath for a bit and then moved to the Jacuzzi tub that was in the room and splashed down into it. We sat opposite each other for awhile, relaxing. Peter had a very sheepish look on his face as he moved towards me. He crawled up on my lap and sat on me for a minute. I reached around and held his nice round ass in my hands for a minute. Very slowly he moved in and kissed my mouth. I was taken aback a bit, but then we began kissing deeply. This was really odd but very hot. He reached around and stroked my raging hard-on while we French-kissed.

"So you like the way I suck your cock?" I asked.

"You are so great! I've never been sucked so incredibly! And your cock is so fucking huge!"

I moved up so that my cock was out of the water. "Yeah? Do you like that?"

"It's so wild, but that really turns me on!" His hands went to my hips and held me right in front of him. "Can I touch it again?"

I nodded to him and his hands both grasped my cock.

"Ooh, fuck! You are so hard!" He continued stroking me for awhile, and then glanced up into my eyes and then back to my cock. "Fuck man. I've never even looked at another man's cock, but yours is so amazing!"

"You're thinking about sucking me, aren't you?"

He nodded slightly, "Can I?"

"You can do anything you want."

"This is so wild." He murmured as his hands stroked my cock and balls. He was in a trance as he moved closer and kissed the tip. He kissed it again "This is so wild." He repeated. His lips parted and he took the head in. "Man, the skin is so smooth. I can't believe I'm doing this." He took a little more of my cock into his mouth and I felt his tongue stroking the underside, just behind the head. So perfect. "Does that feel good?"

"Oooh, yeah!!" I managed. "Does it feel good to you?"

"Fuck man," he chuckled, "it really does. I can't believe this. I can't believe that I'm sucking your huge cock." He began happily sliding his soft lips up and down my thick shaft, practically purring. He pulled me out and eased back in the tub, his hand still holding my cock. I knelt down between his legs and pulled his butt up and out of the water, stuffing his hard-on back into my throat. "Oh yeah man. Suck me again. Ooh, eat it. Fuck you're so great! God! You take me so deep. I'm going to come again!!" He did; even harder than the last time. I choked just a bit, on the volume of his thick cream as it blasted me in the throat. His hand held my head as he pushed his cock into my throat again. "Oh, yeah! Drink it man. Take it all." I gripped the sides of the tub as he stabbed my throat again and again. "Fuck, I love your mouth!!"

Afterward, we rested a bit and then got out of the tub. He sat on the edge of the bed and I eased between his legs standing in front of him. His hands automatically went to my cock.

"God, I can't believe how hard you are. Fucking huge!"

"Suck it!" was all I said.

He looked me in the eye and said, half joking, "Make me."

My hands went to his head, as he put on a brief pretense of resistance. His mouth opened and I shoved it in. He gagged badly as my cock jammed into the back of his throat. I did it again and his eyes squeezed shut. A couple more times and tears squeezed out, but he made no motion to stop me.

I slowed the assault a bit and asked, "You love sucking my big cock, don't you?" He nodded to me, his mouth stretched wide around my shaft, tears on his cheeks. "You want to make me come don't you?" He looked at me but gave no response, perhaps weighing the question. "You want me to come in your mouth, don't you?" He released me for a minute.

"I want to drown in your come." He started forcing his mouth down on me, every bit as hard as I had fucked his mouth a second ago. 

"Then take it." We moved together perfectly as I got closer and closer. His eyes began to roll closed and he was moaning wildly. Shit, I thought, He's going to come. From sucking my cock! I yanked free of him and fell to the floor, stuffing his cock into my mouth. No sooner was he in, then he started shooting. I gulped down all of his delicious come and then jumped back up and fucked his mouth again. Now it was my turn.

"Get ready for it. Here it comes. Start swallowing." I fucking let it rip!! I jammed my cock into his throat and then it exploded. My first shot of come was immediately coughed back out around my cock with a delicious spurt, as he choked on it. As he choked, his throat involuntarily opened wide and I shoved all the way in. His teeth closed on me a bit as he choked again, but he had me deep in his throat. I held it there for a minute as two big spurts went straight down his throat. Then I began fucking his mouth more gently as I continued filling him up. I have never come as much or as long in my life, and he sat there and took it all. "Oh, yeah baby. Drink all of my come."

He looked like he was in a trance as I continued gently stroking my shiny penis in and out. His final swallow sounded thick and deep. I had given him and incredible mouthful of cream. It was obvious that he loved it.

"Oh, Peter. That was too amazing! Did you love every drop?" I asked grinning.

"Oh, man!" he moaned as he licked his lips, seductively. "That's so cool." I leaned down and French kissed him deeply on the mouth. I continued to hold his head as I drove my tongue deeply into where my cock had been a moment before.

I laid down on the bed trying to catch my breath. Peter sat there watching me for a minute, before scooting over to kiss my softening penis again. I pulled him up to me for another kiss. I was really turned on by the smoothness of his body. His ass was firm and round but with incredibly soft skin. He moved up and straddled me as we kissed and frenched.

"I can't believe I got you in my throat" he whispered. "I actually swallowed your gorgeous huge cock."

"That was amazing" I countered. I could feel him getting erect against me again. "You're getting hard again." He kissed me deeply. "I've never seen anyone who could go for so long."

"It's 'cause you turn me on so much." He said, looking into me eyes. "Come. Lay on top of me. You're so big. It's weird being in bed with someone so much bigger than me."

I laid on top of him as he wrapped his legs around my butt. We kissed some more. I felt as if I was making love to a woman. I have always thought kissing a man would be sort of distasteful for me, but I was loving it now. I moved up to kneel above him, so that I could see his cock. It was completely hard again.

"What a cock you have." I told him quietly, entranced by it.

"What a cock you have," he said noticing that I was hard again as well.

"Roll over for me," I whispered kissing him once more.

He laid on his stomach as I began rubbing his back again. I laid full length over him and covered him completely. My erection dipped between his legs and I thrust back and forth a little. I moved down and kissed his nice round bottom. Now he really looked like a girl beneath me. I leaned in and licked his asshole. He pushed his ass at me, loving it. With his hips off of the bed a little, I could caress his cock a bit. I was eating his ass pretty heavily when I decided I wanted some of it. I moved up and lined my cock up with his tight hole. He turned his head toward me a bit and smiled. I began pushing.

"Ohhhh, Fuck! You are so big!!" He hissed at me. I was expecting him to tell me to stop, but he didn't. I had the thick head of my cock wedged into his ass, and was trying to push in more. He was so tight! I was gliding back and forth gently, as more and more of my cock squeezed into this ass. It was perfect! Peter was gritting his teeth and holding his breath but kept taking me. It took a long time but finally I had squeezed my entire length in him. I just let it rest there, hard as stone deeply inside his beautiful round ass.

"Does that feel good, baby?" I whispered in his ear, as soon as he began breathing again.

"Oh, your cock is so FUCKING BIG!" he moaned. "It's good!" he panted. "It's so good! Fuck me, lover."

"Yeah? You know I will." My teeth were gritted from the pleasure. "I'll fuck you deep and slow, with my big cock. Would you like that, baby?"

"Umm hmm," he moaned. "How's my ass?"

"Oh! Tight; and pretty; and round; and soft; and filled up with thick hard cock! Just the way you like it, huh lover?" I got up on my knees so that I could look down at his ass. He really did look just like a girl laying there. My cock looked ridiculously thick in between his nice soft cheeks.

"Oh, yeah!" He hissed through clenched teeth, then asked, "You think my butt is pretty?"

"Beautiful." I was stroking both hands over it, squeezing gently. I could see his ass stretched wide around my thick shaft.

"Fuck it then, lover! It's so good! Women must love having you in their pussies. You have such a magnificent cock! Fuck my tight ass, lover! Fuck me deep."

I placed my hands on his shoulders and laid my legs over his and held him down as I began stroking deeply. He laid his face into the pillow and began moaning non-stop as I fucked him heavily. I was ramming it into him again and again, harder and harder!

"You love this don't you baby?" He nodded into the pillow. "You love sucking my cock too, don't you sweetie?" He nodded again. "You love the way I suck your cock too, don't you?" More nodding. After a long pause, and much hammering with my big tool, I asked, "Tell me you love me." 

"God! I love you so much!!" he wailed as he turned his head out of the pillow. I placed my mouth right against his ear.

"I love you too, Peter." I kissed his cheek as I continued pounding his bottom. "I love making love to you; kissing you; sucking you; fucking you."

"Oh yeah. Me too, lover. Shoot it in me. Come inside my pretty bottom."

"Oh, I'm going to lover. Shoot all my cum in your pretty bottom."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah! Right now, sweetie."

I began gushing into him, growling with ecstasy.

"Oh, Yeah! Shoot it up me, you big stud fucker! Give me your come, baby! I love your sweet cream! Juicy come! So hot! Is that good?" I was nodding into the back of his head. I was panting heavily while I continued to ram in and out of his increasingly slippery ass.

"Take that cum lover." I hissed into his hair. "Take that nice hot cum. My cock is so fucking big in you, isn't it?" He simply nodded and whined. I kept sliding in and out. His whining grew louder. He was going to cum again! "You gonna cum again baby?" He nodded wildly. "Spray it!" I rolled us over on our side. I remember thinking that he was so light weight. "Shoot it!" He did just as I grabbed his beautiful penis it pulsed into my hand. Streams of his lovely sperm coated my hand as I stroked him. 

"Yeah baby! Give it all to me." He was practically crying he was so delirious. 

It was so good!!