 We strolled the dark soft sand hand in hand searching for the perfect spot. The setting couldn't have been more perfect for my first time. The only sound I could hear (other than my heart beating because of the bundle of nerves I was in) was the waves constantly crashing against the sand accompanied by the breathtaking smell of the ocean breeze. The sky was littered with a million stars and the full moon cast it's beaming shadow on the black water. It was a night I will never forget.

Finally finding a spot, neither one of us wasted a second getting naked. Ethan laid down the towels as I took in our setting. I was so turned on, and judging by Ethan's rock hard cock he was too.

He turned and flashed me that sexy grin and I was his. He leaned in to kiss me, but I was ready for what we'd both been waiting for.

"Fuck all that baby I'm ready for you to fuck me" I moaned in his ear while he started kissing my neck.

Laying down on my back while bringing him down on top of me, I wrapped my legs around him we passionately kissed. I could feel his cock throbbing against mine as he started to rock his hips, grinding his manhood against me. I reached down, never breaking our locked lips, and placed his dick at the entrance of my hole. He began to grind harder, letting me know he wanted in.

He grabbed my legs from around his waist, placed them in one hand and held them against my stomach. He dove into my boy hole hungrily, licking and sucking trying to get it ready for the pounding he was about to unleash. His tongue exploring my ass was heaven. It was that life changing mix of pushing his tongue against my hole and licking from the bottom of my sack down to my hole. He continued for several minutes, starting to moan himself.

"Fuck me" I moaned loudly.

Ethan spat on his cock and kissed his way up to my lips, pressing his cock on my hole as he got there. He began to push in, and I immediately reached out and put my hand on his chest to guide his entry. I could feel his cock throbbing inside me, and it hurt like hell. I regulated my breathing and focused on making the pain go away, trying to make my body realize I was finally getting what I had desired for so long.

"Your hole feels so fucking good!" he exclaimed.

"You like that baby?" I asked.

"Fuck yeah it's so tight. I've never felt anything this good in my life."

"I want you to fill my ass up when you're ready baby."

He gave me that sexy ass grin "you're not getting off that easy, baby. I'm just getting started!"

Ethan's dick was at least 6 inches long but was thick, and had a huge head. I could feel my hole open just enough to accommodate his cock head first, then get tighter as he pushed his shaft in. Once all the way in, pressing his body against mine, the pain went away and turned into sheer bliss.

His smooth, slow strokes turned into a fast, long dicking making sure he got every inch in my boy hole. I could feel his balls slapping against my ass, sending me into a state of ecstasy. We were both as into it as we could be, moaning loudly, kissing and licking each other. 

Pulling his cock out, he grabbed me by my hips and turned me over. I got up on all fours, spreading my ass in anticipation for the return of his big dick.

Instead of his dick, I felt his tongue running down my crack to my hole. He was trying to savor every minute of our first fuck, and I was loving it. I pushed back against his tongue, making it slip into my slit. I was moaning wildly, My mind was so far away from my surroundings that when I opened my eyes I had to remind myself where we were. The sound of crashing waves and the smell of ocean breeze heightened my senses.

Ethan slid his dick back in my hole with ease. I felt so full, and was in complete ecstasy as he started pumping, grabbing my hips to help him dig in. My moans turned into screams with every pump. I was reveling in the sensation of his cock ramming my hole, balls slapping against mine, jacking my cock in rhythm with his strokes.

It wasn't too much longer before I was ready to cum, letting out loud moans as my cock spilled spurt after spurt on the towel beneath me.

Ethan slowed his strokes as I came, trying to concentrate on his own orgasm. Just as I finished, I felt his cock swell inside me, starting to erupt with his own load. He shoved his dick as far in me as he could, making sure his seed spilled as deep inside me as he could. I was immediately in love with the feeling of his hot, sticky cum staining the inside of my hole. 

We both collapsed on top of the towels in exhaustion. He looked up and gazed into my eyes as if seeing me for the first time, running his fingers through my hair.

"That was amazing" Ethan panted.

"YOU were amazing" I emphasized. 

We must have sat there gazing into each other's eyes for at least an hour before we finally started to put our clothes back on. We strolled back up to the condo holding hands, saying to each other how it was the greatest experience of our young lives. 

That next morning at breakfast I kept catching Ethan making eyes at me, as if all it took for him to fall head over heels in love with me was depositing one load in my ass. I couldn't deny it either. There was something about having his cum inside me that made me feel things I had never felt before. Neither of us could hardly wait to do it again.

Shortly after coming in from the beach for the day, Ethan's mom and dad left Ethan, Seth and I to go shopping and have dinner by themselves. 

Ethan and I were laying on our bed watching TV, halfway cuddling when Seth busted in.

"What are you losers doing tonight?"

"Not anything with you" Ethan snarled.

"What the fuck is your problem?" Seth asked making his way over to the bed. 

"I don't have a problem I'm just not hanging out with your ass tonight" Ethan snapped back.

"Well since you brought up hanging out, let's talk about your floppy ass dick hanging out the sheets yesterday morning. Since when do you sleep in the bed buck ass naked with your friends? Or is this your boyfriend now?" Seth spat.

"Fuck you" I quickly replied, regretting getting in the middle of it immediately.

"Oh, does the little bitch have a problem?" Seth responded.

"Yeah, I fucking do. I don't appreciate you busting in here all the time calling us faggots and bitches while you pin us down like some macho man. We all know you're just trying to make yourself feel better about fucking the guys on the wrestling team." I couldn't believe what I just said, but after Ethan told me Seth made him suck his dick, I knew the rumors of Seth and the guys on the wrestling team were true. 

"So the little bitch thinks he knows everything, huh? Let's talk about you and my brother swapping head the other night. Or you letting him fuck you on the beach last night. Yeah I caught you little faggots. Imagine how embarrassed I was, walking down the beach with my friends and seeing you two fucking on the dunes. You'll never be able to show your faces at school again cause everyfuckinkbody is gonna know." Seth reached in his pocket to produce his cell phone. "I'm gonna make sure all your little friends know you're nothing but little queers!" Seth turned his phone around, showing us a picture of Ethan and I fucking from last night.

"How the fuck did you get that?" Ethan was as astounded as I was.

"I told you little bitches we saw you last night. I was almost close enough to pull your hair when I took this," Seth said. "You dumbasses didn't even open your eyes and damn sure couldn't hear me for all the moaning you were doing."

"So fucking what Seth. I've got plenty of shit on you too, remember?" Ethan said, giving Seth his sly grin. I knew exactly what Ethan had up his sleeve.

Seth's face turned red with embarrassment. "Fuck you Ethan."

"You wish!" Ethan laughed.

That really pissed Seth off. "Don't bullshit little bro, you know you'd like it. Just like you like sucking my cock. You're a little cock whore aren't you? I wonder what mom and dad would think if they knew their baby was a pro dick sucker?"

I had to pick my jaw up off the floor. I couldn't believe Seth was saying all of this in front of me.

"Maybe I should show them these pictures of you fucking Colby?" He continued, "Looked to me like you two were giving each other the eye at breakfast this morning, are you two bitches 'in love' now? You think mom and dad would have let you bring Colby on vacation if they knew he was your boyfriend? I don't think so. So ask yourselves, what are y'all willing to do to make me shut the fuck up?"

My eyes met Ethan's as Seth had shocked us both. 

"What do you want Seth?" Ethan asked.

"That's more like it little bro. This whole thing is gonna be a lot easier for you two if you just play along." Seth replied, running his fingers through my hair.

I looked up to Seth smiling at me, and over to Ethan who had a look of disgust on his face.

"Just tell us what the fuck we have to do!" Ethan half yelled.

"You're gonna watch me use your little boyfriend as my very own cum rag, and if you're a good bitch, I might let you join in the fun." replied Seth, giving Ethan that same sexy grin Ethan had flashed to me all weekend.

Seth's cock had already started to grow in his gym shorts, and I could see the outline running halfway down his leg. The cock sucker in me wanted to jump at the opportunity to have Seth's monster dick, but the feelings I were catching for Ethan clouded my intuition. 

I looked over at Ethan who was staring at me. "What do I do baby?"

"Hey cum rag you don't get a say so here! I'm your baby right now bitch!" Seth snapped.

Ethan gave me the "it's ok" nod, but I didn't need his permission. I was more than willing to give Seth the best blowjob I could, I just didn't want to hurt Ethan's feelings. I reached out and grabbed Seth's dick through his shorts, moving my hand up and down it's long length. My hand was halfway shaking with feelings of nerves and excitement pumping through my body.

I reached up for the band of his shorts and pulled them down. Seth's monster cock sprang up and bounced as I set it free. I had only seen a dick that big in porn and honestly, it scared me a little bit. I started to jerk his cock, getting a feel for it's length and girth. He obviously shaved his pubes, as his dick and balls were as smooth as they could be. His cock was easily ten inches long and as big around as a can. It looked almost too big to be on a human body.

I eased myself towards it, obviously timid. Opening my mouth to wrap my lips around it's massive head, Seth grabbed me by the back of my head and pulled me in. I felt like I didn't get the whole head of his cock in my mouth before it started to gag me. I placed my hand back on his shaft, jerking his cock as I struggled to suck it. Using my other free hand I started massaging and gently tugging as his enormous balls.

Seth continued to fuck my mouth, lubing up his dick to push it further and further down my throat. My own dick was rock hard by now, so turned on by the fact I was sucking dick right in front of my best friend turned lover. I started getting into it. Forcing Seth's giant cock down my throat, making my motions more rapid, jerking him faster, my gentle tugs on his balls turned into harder grabs.

Finally taking a breath I noticed Ethan had his cock out, stroking while watching me blow his brother. We were all moaning and completely turned on. I began to run my hands up Seth's perfectly chiseled body, pinching at his nipples.

"You taught this faggot good little bro!" Seth complimented.

I hopped up on the bed laying on my back positioning my head off the bed, opening my mouth so Seth could restart fucking my mouth. In this position he slid his cock in with ease pushing it inch by inch down my throat. He wasn't going easy this time, forcing his dick inside me.

His eyes were on Ethan who was stroking his cock watching us. I felt Seth's hands moving down my stomach to my underwear, sliding them off. Surprising the hell out of me, I felt him go down on my cock easily taking the length of it in one mouthful. He swirled his tongue around it while bobbing his head up and down. He made sure the rhythm of his hips fucking my throat matched his mouth's strokes on my cock. 

"Get over here and eat his ass little bro" Seth demandingly told Ethan.

He wasted no time getting between my legs positioning them in the air, giving him easy access to my hole. Ethan dove into my hole hungrily, tonguing and kissing my hole. I couldn't help but moan with pleasure having Seth's giant dick down my throat and Ethan eating my hole.

Seth's voice cut off my moan, "Now fuck him. Get his hole ready for my cock."

I spat out Seth's dick, "You're not fucking me with that thing! You'll kill me!" I protested "It's way too fucking big and will hurt like hell! Seth please don't."

"Well little bro I guess your boyfriend wants our mom and dad to know your little secret." Seth responded.

Ethan didn't even wait for me to respond before shoving his cock in my hole, still tender from the work he put in the night before. Ethan's cock all the way in my ass and his balls pressed up against me was the best feeling I'd felt in my life. I could feel every inch of him, every curve and contour of him inside my tiny hole. Feeling my hole expand to wrap around the head of his cock as he pushed in and out made my dick spring to life, almost forgetting Seth's promise to split me open.

Seth pulled my legs back, "Get in there nice and deep bro, let me see you open up that hole."

He put my legs in one hand and slapped me in the face with his other. "Now choke on this dick and get me ready, bitch" Seth proclaimed.

Still laying on the bed on my back with my head hanging off the edge, I didn't have a chance to open my mouth all the way before Seth shoved the length of his massive cock down my throat slapping me in the forehead with his huge, low-hanging balls. He started to fuck my throat hard, keeping me from breathing until I slapped him on the thigh furiously.

"You can't fuck me if I'm dead, dumbass. You gotta let me breathe." I reminded him.

I had all of 3 seconds to catch my breath before he was back at it. His balls banging against my forehead and cock in my mouth all the way to his trimmed pubes mixed with Ethan's cock balls deep in my ass was making me so hot. With each pump of their dicks I was drawing closer and closer to cumming.

Seth pushed his cock all the way in one more time and left it there, making me gag hard making his cock more slick. Ethan's pumps became slow and more forceful, his moans becoming louder and more frequent.

"You like this little bitch's hole don't you bro?" Seth asked.

"It's so fucking tight" Ethan responded.

"Not after I get thru with it!" Seth exclaimed, slowly pulling his long, thick cock out of my mouth and making his way to the other side of the bed. "Let your me have a turn at that hole."

Ethan slid his hot cock out of me as Seth made his way between my legs.

"Just relax baby, it only hurts at first. He'll go slow." Ethan assured me as he walked to the side of the bed my head was hanging off of.

"He's fucked you before?" I asked, shocked.

"Just a few times. Only when I'm a bad boy" he grinned.

"Bad boys must be punished!" Seth proclaimed. "Now get on all fours and spread that ass open!"

I did as he commanded and turned over, spreading my ass cheeks to offer my hole to him. Ethan positioned himself in front of me clearly wanting me to suck his cock, but I was too focused on trying to prepare myself for Seth's giant dick. Only the second one to fuck me in as many days.

Behind me, Seth placed his cock head at the entrance of my hole and started to push. It literally felt like he was splitting me open, as he was twice as long and thick as Ethan. Seth slowly and very carefully slid inside me, obviously conscious of his size. I felt more full with each inch, and once he had all 9 inches inside me and pushed his body against me I let out a loud moan of pleasure. 

He started pumping slow, savoring the feeling of my tight hole loosening around his cock moaning with every stroke. Starting to find his rhythm he smacked me on the ass, loving his position of power. After the night before, I didn't think a cock could feel any better in my hole than Ethan's, but Seth felt incredible deep inside me.

"Damn that's good. Your little boyfriend might have you beat bro!" Seth teased.

I let my ass go and pulled Ethan's body in front of me so I could suck him. I pulled on his cock a few times before engulfing it in my mouth, trying to make sure he knew his cock was the only one for me. I popped it out and began licking the slit under his head, then licking from the base to the tip making sure to make my tongue as flat as it could be. I took both his smooth balls in my mouth rolling them around with my tongue.

I looked up at Ethan and said, "Turn around baby, let me lick your ass like you did mine last night. I want to make you feel as good as you make me feel."

Ethan promptly turned around and bent over, exposing his little hole. I dove right in, licking and poking at it with my tongue and running my lips around it. He moaned as I reached around and started to pull on his pre-cum dripping cock.

"You fuckers are putting on a show" Seth growled as he started to fuck me harder.

His balls slapping against me sent me into another world. I was moaning and screaming while my hard dick started spilling pre-cum, something I had never done before. I had never felt this good in my life. With every balls deep pump in my ass I inched closer and closer to an orgasm, and I was sure it would be the best one I would ever have.

I continued to lick Ethan's hole and stroke his cock while furiously moaning with each of Seth's strokes. I could feel Seth's cock starting to pulse and swell, hoping he would soon be filling me with his cum.

I thought wrong.

"Colby, I was just planning on breaking your ass in tonight." Seth proclaimed, "but since you got Ethan's hole all nice and slick for me I might as well fuck him too!"

Ethan tried to protest "Seth I really-"

"Shut the fuck up and get over here." Seth interrupted.

Ethan got on the bed right beside me on all fours, reaching behind to spread open his ass.

"Boy am I a lucky son of a bitch tonight. Two holes for my glorious cock!" Seth exclaimed, "Get ready boys, cause I'm not going easy on either one of you! Whichever one has the tightest hole gets a cream filled ass!"

I was even more turned on now. Ethan, however, wasn't amused.

"Seth please go easy on me. It's been a while since the last time you fucked me." Ethan begged.

When Seth pulled his huge dick out of my ass I felt so empty. I wanted his cock all for my own, and I sure wanted his load spattered on the walls in my ass. He made his way over to Ethan and to my surprise started to lick his hole. Ethan raised his head and moaned. I reached over and pulled on his dick, making it hard again. 

Eating Ethan's ass obviously made Seth hot because after a few short minutes he spat on his dick a few times and rammed it in his ass. Ethan screamed in pain, but Seth didn't give a fuck, quickly pushing the length of his dick inside his little brother.

I leaned over and kissed Ethan on the neck, hoping to help get his mind off pain he was enduring. He leaned down and kissed me. We made out hard for a while, until Ethan could do nothing but moan in pleasure. I moved my head around to get a glimpse of Seth's cock going in and out of Ethan's ass. Watching Ethan getting fucked by his brother was so hot, making my cock throb between my legs. My balls began to ache for release.

I made my way in front of Ethan placing my dick on his lips. He welcomed me into his mouth and sucked me hard, using his hand to jack my cock matching Seth's strokes in his ass. Seth was really digging into Ethan's hole, fucking him harder and harder. He pushed into Ethan as far as he could one last time, and instructed me to get back on my knees.
