 Letting the situation go was really bugging me and I wanted to scream so bad. I needed to hit something anything to get this off my mind. This boy is really working my nerves. Who in the fuck is this D guy and what the fuck did he do? I sat next to Draven and he looked happy. I didn't want to ruin the moment so I just relaxed. Everyone was cracking up at the new episode of Raging Jonny to be honest it was hilarious in so many ways. I looked at Draven and I just realized how much I really didn't want to know about this guy. I guess I would tell him that later so we can get on with our lives and be happy together.

Later that day I had a talk with Lena, Nick, and Josh that it would be better if Draven didn't tell us anything. I told them I would talk to him later today and see what he says about it.

.....

I was so hyped that Chris was taking me out. I thought it would be the perfect day to tell him and get this shit off my chest. I just can't wait till Friday next week two days before his birthday.

Everything went by slow. I was getting ready and very excited and scared of what he might say about me. I decided to wear a baby blue tight polo with form fitting black jeans. I asked Ian and Justin for their opinions and they said I looked great. I was so stoked I couldn't wait.

Once we got to the picnic grounds the sky was dark blue with baby blue stars. In other words it was plain beautiful to the max. We chatted for a bit when he cleared his throat and said.

"I talked with the others and we decided that we don't wanna know who this D guy is. I don't want you to go through all the trouble or pain in just telling us ...so you don't have to." He said. At first he looked at me then looked down and finished his sandwich.

"I want to tell you guys because then I will feel better and not dirty and like a cheating whore. I love you so much Chris and I want you to know. I feel bad that every day you tell me some deep secret and I'm too much of a cowardly douche bag to get up enough courage to tell you that I was raped and I thought I was in love with Darren Camble when everyone told me he was bad news. All he did was tell me if I wanted him to love me I would have to sleep with all these people he brought home. When he never loved me he only wanted money and a good little bitch to take his anger out on. After that I totally declared myself straight and would never go out with or fall in love with a guy again, but then you came and all my walls came tumbling down without a fight. 

No one has ever been able to get passed them, but you." I said through all my tears hoping that he would understand. "All the people I have told called me a dirty whore and that I would do anything for love and I think they are right. I am stupid and I can't even-"

ENOUGH! Don't you ever say that you are not stupid and you are not a dirty whore. I never want to hear those words come out of your mouth again. Do you hear me?" He yelled at me with tears running down his cheeks. "I love you more than anything Draven and I would never think that of you. You make me happy. At first I was the straight heart throb popular guy until a little flaming red head came and turned that upside down. That day when I knocked you down I think was the smartest thing that I could have done. I will always love you no matter what ok?"

We were both an emotional wreck, but I felt great I felt like the whole world was just lifter off my shoulders. I had actually found someone that really truly loved me and was not just using me in a sick way. What would I do without him?

.....

After our little talk and huge display of emotions we went back to my one person dorm all puffy eyed and sniffly. They all looked at us so concerned and as always Lena was the first to start freaking out. It took us forever to calm her down. Draven sat down on the little coffee table and looked at everyone. 

"His name was Darren Camble ..."

To Be Continued...