 I've put this story in the gay male category, but none of the characters define themselves as gay. Its about a bunch of straight(ish) British lads on a typical boozy holiday, and the kind of antics they get up to. Like my other stories it focusses on intimate smells and bottoms, so if this isn't for you stop reading.

I plan to continue this series so if you enjoy the story and like where it's going, get in touch with any ideas you'd like to suggest or scenarios you'd like to see played out.

***

There were four of us on the trip. Ben was my best mate at uni, and Rich and Steve were a couple of his footballing friends. I was a bit dubious at first; although me and Ben are really good mates, he's got a sporty, laddish side while I'm more of a geek and a bookworm. Rich and Steve are a bit rougher than the sort of guys I preferred to hang around with, so I felt slightly outnumbered.

However, all in our early 20s, I convinced myself that we were all mature enough to get along alright, and who could turn down the opportunity to leave the gloom of Northern England for a week in the Spanish sun?

I'm Tim. Me and Ben had not long finished uni, and had both gone through break-ups with our uni girlfriends at around the same time. Ben had said that rather than mope around at home we should celebrate being single with a long overdue lads holiday to a beach resort in Spain. After chatting about it at his local footy practice, his old mates from home Rich and Steve had managed to convince him that they should come too (and enjoy a bit of freedom from their girlfriends). 

I'd met Rich and Steve a couple of times. Like Ben they were taller than me and athletic, although despite being a bit of a nerd I enjoyed running, swimming and cycling, so although not particularly muscled I was lean and fit enough. Despite drinking, smoking, swearing and spitting, they were nice enough lads and the four of us had managed a few decent nights at the pub. 

As the holiday approached I put my doubts aside and started to get excited at the prospect of a week of freedom in the sun.

Ben had booked a package which included cheap flights and accommodation. We'd all chipped in, and had no illusions about the grandeur of the place where we'd be staying. It was a bed for the night, and we planned on spending most of our time out either on the beach or in a bar. 

Reeling from the sudden heat we clambered out of the airport transfer minibus into the searing sunshine, Ben, Rich and Steve sweating in nylon tracksuit bottoms, me uncomfortably moist in skinny jeans, my glasses slipping down my nose.

The space we'd booked was a kind of apartment on the top floor of a pretty basic hotel block. Dumping our bags we explored. The long entrance corridor had two rooms off it, each with a fairly ancient-looking single bed and some bits of furniture, as well as a shared bathroom consisting of a basic shower and toilet. Both rooms had small balconies overlooking the pool below. 

At the end of the corridor another door opened onto a more spacious kind of suite, with two single beds with heads against one wall, a worn-looking sofa and coffee table, and a bathroom with loo and shower off one side. A terrace ran along one side of the room with a view of some rooftops and the sea beyond. The floors throughout the apartment were tiled. 

"Looks like two of us are sharing," laughed Ben. "Any volunteers?"

"Scissors, paper, stone," said Steve. "That way there's no hard feelings." 

It seemed a fair idea. After the first couple of rounds, predictably, I was the loser and the first inhabitant of the room. A few rounds later and Rich had lost. Rich and I would be sharing the suite. 

"We'll have to work something out if one of us pulls a bird," Rich laughed, slapping me hard on the back. 

"Right lads," said Steve, "lets sort ourselves out, get changed and head out." Steve and Ben returned to the corridor to fight it out over the two single rooms, leaving Rich and me alone.

"Hey, at least we've got this," Rich said, sliding back the terrace door. Dry heat wafted into the room. 

Rich was a slim figure but looked toned under his t-shirt. He had short, dusty blond hair and stubble, with piercing grey eyes. His fashionably tight tracksuit bottoms clung to firm calf muscles, solid thighs and an undeniably pert, bubble-shaped arse. As he stood at the window I couldn't help noticing the tight, grey nylon wedged partway up his crack. 

"I'm sweating like a bastard," Rich laughed. "Lets sort ourselves out."

He slung his sports bag on one of the beds and kicked off his trainers. Peeling off his visibly damp t-shirt he flung it on the floor. I took a seat on the other bed, opening my bag to sort out some clothes. Just in front of me, Rich pushed his tracksuit bottoms down round his ankles.

I was a bit surprised to see that under his trackies he was wearing quite a skimpy pair of pale grey briefs. I was a briefs guy myself, but hadn't thought many other lads wore them -- particularly lads like Rich. With his back to me he bent down to his ankles to pull his trackies off either foot. His cotton-clad arse was pushed towards me, and I noticed the surprisingly large and full pouch now visible between his thighs. 

Not being particularly sporty or anything I didn't spend a great deal of time in any state of undress with other lads, and I couldn't help my curiosity. Rich's arse, in only pants, was literally inches from my face. I could see a long dark seam of sweat running down the line of his crack, with another dark stain on the tip of the bulge that was wobbling between the top of his thighs. An unmistakable waft of male odour hit my nostrils, similar to the smell of my pants after a day's cycling but more acrid and ripe. 

Despite myself I felt the beginnings of a swelling in my underpants and a warm buzz in my balls. While I knew I was straight I did sometimes look at pics and vids online of naked lads with no women in them, and had actually cum a few times wanking off to them, particularly if a naked male arse was on view. To have a lad actually stood right in front of me in his underwear was unexpectedly arousing. 

Straightening, Rich padded out onto the terrace in just his briefs, lighting a cigarette. For a second I looked at his figure in the sun, his toned back a defined 'V' shape curving down to his sculpted buttocks and muscled legs. In a moment of bravery, I quickly removed my t-shirt, jeans and socks until I was dressed only in my white sloggi tanga briefs. I'd never expected my choice of underpants to be on public display, but suddenly felt a bit of a thrill in wearing them openly. 

"Fuck, Tim, have a look at this," Rich shouted from the terrace. Heart pounding I walked out to join him.

Rich glanced at me but barely even seemed to notice I was in my underpants. He gestured downwards with his cigarette and I peered over the edge of the balcony. On a stepped terrace beneath us, two girls were lying on towels on their fronts, two shapely, bikini-clad bottoms glistening up at us. 

"That's a room with a view," laughed Rich. "Look at the arses on them!" Absentmindedly he reached down and hefted his bulge. 

"Gonna grab first shower mate," he said snuffing out his ciggy in the ashtray.

"Sure," I replied.

"Enjoy the view," he grinned, heading back inside. "Nice pants by the way mate, sloggi?"

"Erm, yeah."

"Fuck I need a piss."

After taking in the admittedly arousing view below me for a few moments, I too retreated from the sun into the relative shade of the apartment, doing my best to restrain a growing semi. I noticed that Rich's grey underpants were lying on the floor by the corner of his bed, and the thought that he'd walked through the apartment naked thrilled me. To my surprise I could hear an unmistakable torrent of piss into the loo, and glancing over saw that the bathroom door was wide open. 

The toilet was round the corner from the door, but I could just make out a sliver of Rich's back as he pissed. Shortly after the torrent stopped I heard the shower running. 

Alone in the room I looked down at the briefs. They'd hit the floor crotch down, the waistband falling back to reveal the private inside crotch. Not able to stop myself, I peered down. The damp crease where Rich's arse had been was even more prominent on the inside, and the pouch, still moulded to the shape of his cock and balls, was discoloured and appeared almost crusty. Heart pounding I was overcome with a kind of perverted lust, and getting onto my hands and knees I pushed my nose towards the briefs and sniffed. 

The stink was palpable, ripe and incredibly private. It was a mix of sweat, piss and the other juices of a red-blooded male cock, along with the earthy musk I recognised from my knowledge of my own arse crack. My own penis rapidly expanded in my briefs and before I could go any further I pulled myself away from the discarded pants and sat back on my bed. 

The shower stopped and a minute later Rich emerged from the bathroom, his hair wet. To my slight disappointment he had a towel wrapped round his waist, but I still felt a pang of curiosity looking at the slight fuzz on his otherwise almost hairless torso which led in a trail down his abdomen and under the towel. 

"Showers not bad mate, get in there," Rich smiled.

Obediently I headed for the bathroom. Following Rich's lead I left the door wide open, and peeled my pants off onto the floor. Guiltily my cock bounced out and swung, half hard, in front of me. I left my pants on the floor and went to the loo for a piss. By the time I'd finished my thick penis was standing horizontally out in front of me at its full eight inches. I jumped in the shower, turning it to cold, too self conscious to wank one out with the door open.

By the time I emerged Rich was on the terrace fully dressed in shirt and shorts, smoking another ciggy. Trying to put the filth out of my mind I too dressed, in chinos and a shirt, and soon the other two lads had joined us and we prepared to head out.

That evening we hit the town hard. For all of us it was the first time for ages that we'd been really able to relax and have a good time. It was hot, the bars were pumping and the girls were gorgeous and scantily clad. Away from girlfriends and parental judgement we drank irresponsibly and behaved badly. Although I wasn't as crazy or as disgusting as Rich or Steve, or even to an extent Ben, I was surprised at how well I got on with the group, and how they accepted me as one of them.

No one actually managed to pull, although Steve had his tongue down a holiday reps throat for a couple of hours (and, we suspected, his hand up her skirt). Eventually, as bars started to close around us, we accepted the inevitable and agreed to head back to the apartment. All of us were drunk, sweaty and knackered.

Back in the apartment we all naturally headed for the larger room and the terrace. Steve brought a bottle of whisky from his room.

"Nightcap lads," he ordered, passing the bottle around. I took a gulp and quickly realised my head was reeling. Steve and Rich were shouting and laughing while smoking on the terrace, Ben was slumped on the sofa holding the whisky bottle and smiling, and I was half laid across my bed, watching the ceiling rotate. 

I must have been half-dozing, drifting off to the sound of the banter around me, when suddenly I awoke conscious of heavy movement around me. Confused, I heard a roaring of laughter, and opening my eyes all I could see was a naked arse crack descending towards my face. My head was against the mattress, and suddenly a large, sweaty ball sack was resting on my lips. 

I realised I was being "tea bagged", a favourite prank of lads like those I was sharing with. My mouth was smothered with the salty tang and sweaty stink of one of the lads ripe genitalia. With my eyes open, I could see a naked male arse crack spread above my face, a wrinkled, musky dark bum hole inches above me. As my assailant shifted, the greasy arsehole momentarily dropped against my nose and brushed across my skin, leaving a streak of male musk on my face.

I wrestled my face free, and peering up between two firm thighs realised that it was Rich squatting over me grinning, shorts round one ankle, his exposed package brushing against my face. I could still hear the roars of laughter from Ben and Steve. Rich shifted as a struggled, turning so he was alongside me, and as his smelly balls and cock brushed across my face once more I could help but notice a slight firmness to his large penis, a vein swelling down one side of the length, and a dribble of bitter fluid flowing over my lips. 

Quickly he rose, pulling up his pants and shorts, laughing with the others, but I noticed a more prominent bulge in his groin than earlier in the evening.

"Fuck off," I laughed dutifully, pretending outrage. Secretly I was reliving every second of my roommate's damp, ripe junk resting on my face. The strong smell of male arse was smeared on my nose, and my lips tasted salty with whatever discharge had dripped from Rich's cock. I was thankful I was wearing briefs because my drunk cock had already expanded to twice its flaccid size.

The bottle passed round again, and a couple of pulls had my head reeling even more. Finally exhausted, Ben and Steve eventually drifted off to their rooms. Rich was having a final ciggy on the terrace. I vaguely remember standing, unbuttoning my shirt, unfastening my trousers and pushing them down, but then nothing. 

I woke in the middle of the night. Orange light from the street outside was glowing through the terrace windows. I was lying on top of the covers, the coolness of sweat on my chest. Confused, I felt up and down. My trousers and shirt were gone, and I was lying in just my underpants which were snagged under my arse and about a third of the way down, just covering the root of my cock. I realised my knob was thick and hard, tenting out my underpants in a banana-like curve. 

The stink of balls and arse was still ripe on my face. With a shock, I suddenly realised that Rich must have undressed me and put me on my bed. Turning my head I glanced across to the other bed. I could dimly see the shape of Rich on his bed, half turned on his side, his back towards me. Long, deep, regular snores from his bed confirmed that he was well out. 

I felt that intense kind of arousal that only a bad hangover can induce. My thick penis refused to soften at all, and my balls felt heavy and full. I pulled my pants down below my balls and my eight inch length flopped free, slapping wetly sideways against my bare thigh. The rich smell of my sweaty bell end filled the air. I lay back, inhaling Rich's intimate stink still smeared across my face, my cock gently nodding and dripping. 

Overwhelmingly aroused I became restless and sat up. I pushed my pants down my thighs and over my feet, spreading my legs and enjoying the freeing sensation of nudity. Swivelling, I put my feet on the cool tiles of the floor and sat on the side of my bed looking at Rich. 

I could see him in more detail now. He was lying uncovered on his side away from me, snoring face half buried in his pillow. One leg was stretched out straight, the other hooked up and over a rumpled pile of bedcovers between his thighs. His rounded arse was slightly raised, and a pair of briefs was pulled up about halfway up his bum cheeks. The top of his arse was exposed. 

For a few moments I sat looking, naked, my cock rigid at a 45 degree angle between my legs. The room stank of drunk, sleeping lads. Listening carefully to the snoring, I rose and padded across the room, dick swinging, the faint breeze cool against my moist arse crack. I stood at the side of Rich's bed looking down, my naked cock swaying above his sleeping form. 

His side and the small of his back glistened with sweat. Whiffs of booze and cigarettes wafted from his pillow. I stared fascinated by the top half of his bum cheeks, smooth and clammy. His arse descended into a dark crack, cut off by the waistband of his briefs. Between his legs, half pulled down, the crotch of his briefs was baggy and creased. 

Quietly I knelt on the floor, the tiles cold on my knees. Bracing myself with my hands on the frame of the bed, I leant forward to peer between the back of Rich's thighs at the pouch of material. Investigating, I could see the clear outline of a heavy pair of full balls. Beneath this, I realised I was looking at the cotton-covered shape of an immensely thick, stubby erection, pressed against the bundle of bedclothes and pointing downwards between his thighs. 

A familiar, chlorine-like odour was thick between his legs. I noticed a dark, wet stain in the rumpled material of his pants. Leaning in for a closer sniff, I realised with a thrill that it was cum! Had Rich quietly humped his covers to orgasm in the bed next to mine after undressing me and laying me in my bed in my pants?

My cock was nodding insistently now, and flowing freely with fluids. Heart pounding, I reached carefully up to the waistband of Rich's pants. I knew this was risky, but in my aroused state I was determined to see more. 

Slowly, inch by inch, listening constantly, I peeled Rich's briefs down. Gradually I exposed his arse, two firm, pale, smooth cheeks. Once freed from the briefs they parted slightly, exposing a dark crack. As I kept pulling, Rich's balls came into view. They were massive, adorned with a peachy fuzz of hair. It was harder now to pull them down, but somehow I kept going, inch by inch, revealing first the root, then the underside of the length, and finally the thick, rounded head of Rich's solid cock. 

It was shorter than mine, but much thicker, the thickest I'd ever seen in any pics or vids. Now that he was fully exposed I left his pants down around his thighs. The head of his cock was glistening and smeared with a thick substance. Reaching up I squeezed the crotch of his pants, now loose between his thighs, and felt the wet squelch of a thick wad of cum. 

My eyes travelled back up his cock, over his balls and to his clammy arse crack. Leaning forward I sniffed the strong odour of cum, the tang of his ball sweat and the earthy aroma above the crease of his arse. I realised I was absentmindedly stroking up and down my wet shaft beneath the bed. 

I was incredibly turned on, but I wasn't quite finished yet. Reaching out carefully, I placed a hand gently on each of his arse cheeks. Without daring to breathe, I eased them apart. The skin of Rich's arse crack was slightly pink, and around his arsehole the skin was rougher and darker than his arse cheeks. Like his balls, a faint fuzz of hairs ringed his puckered hole. 

Possessed by my arousal, I leaned forward, inhaling the intimate, private stink. Leaning even closer, I gingerly extended my tongue and, hardly believing I was doing it, planted it firmly in the middle of Rich's arse. Suddenly, Rich gave a long, soft moan, and I froze. For moments I was fixed to the spot, my face buried in my roommate's sweaty arse. Gradually the heavy snoring convinced me that he was still asleep.

A final lick, and I savoured the new, tangy, erotic flavour of a mates most intimate and hidden spot. Suddenly, without warning, and without touching myself, I realised I was cumming copiously under the bed. I winced as rope after rope of spunk jetted from my erect cock and disappeared across the tiles under the bed. 

Rich was more restless now, his breathing changing. It was too late. Silently I withdrew to my side of the room, slowly inching myself back onto my covers. As I quietly slid my pants back up I lay on my back, feeling both an incredible release and also an anxiety about the pool of my cum all over the floor beneath Rich's bed. I drifted back to sleep vaguely anxious about what the morning would bring.