 My name is Dave Burnell and I live in Portland, Oregon. This story is about my introduction to the greatest sex of my life. I was 24 and going to Portland State University, studying Engineering. I had a beautiful half-asian girlfriend with big ol' titties named Catherine who I would fuck as often as I could and we often got into some kinky shit. But this story isn't about her.

One summer, my friend Jonathan offered to let a few of my friends and I stay up at his cabin in a remote region of Upper Lake Cascade for a few weeks. Eventually, five of us decided to go: Jonathan, Carlos, Mark, Norm and I. We all had girlfriends but none of them came because their jobs didn't give them the time off that our internships did. We were all interning at the same engineering firm and had just finished a big project, so we needed some R&R. We headed up to the cabin on a Thursday right after work to avoid the weekend traffic but that meant we got up to the cabin a little late. Jon's family cabin was pretty big, with enough bedrooms for us plus one extra, so we each took a room and passed out for the night. The next morning, I got up pretty early and headed downstairs to make some breakfast. I had been up to Jon's cabin a few times before and so I was surprised to see that just down the lake there was a new, massive mansion. I made some cereal and went out on the patio to eat. As I was eating, I looked at the mansion.

Jon's cabin was pretty big with six bedrooms, but this place looked enormous. Probably closer to seven or eight bedrooms and lots of beautiful glass all over, it was nestled nicely in the trees and went pretty far back into them. It didn't look like anyone was home at the time since the boats (yes, there were two of them) were tied to the buoy and there were still covers on them. The rest of that day was a great deal of fun as the boys and I went wakeboarding, waterskiing and tubing and barbequed our food. At night as we were sitting around the campfire drinking some beers, I asked Jon about the cabin.

"Yeah, that place was built this spring and done really fast. I am surprised that there are boats there since I haven't seen anyone up here yet," Jonathan said.

"It's pretty big," I said.

"I think they must have gone around some of the permits or something, since I haven't seen a place that size anywhere on the lake. Also, I seem to remember that my parents bought this parcel of land from an old guy who was very reluctant to sell and he owned everything around here. So either those people are his family or they managed to convince him to sell another parcel."

Just as we were talking, I noticed that a light came on in the big glass room of the mansion. We all turned to look and saw that a bunch of guys had just entered what we guessed was the living room. We weren't able to judge much from this distance but it looked like we would be sharing this little bay with them tomorrow.

The next morning, as I was eating breakfast on the patio again, I noticed a couple of the guys from the mansion coming back from a run on the beach. And they were big. From the distance I saw them at, they looked like they were easily above 6'4 and 220 pounds and all muscle. They were both white guys but the guy who opened the door for them was not. He looked like one of the blackest guys I had ever seen. Later on, the guys and I had just gotten back to the dock on the boat from taking Carlos for his first successful waterski, when a boat left the other cabin's dock and headed over to ours. As it came down from the plane, we noticed there were three guys in the boat, none of whom I recognized from earlier but they were all big, young guys like the others. The driver of the boat spoke first.

"Hey there, neighbors! I'm Don, I own the place over there, who are you guys?"

"I'm Jonathon, this is my parents' place and these are my friends from work. We are just up here for a vacation for the next couple of weeks," Jonathon looked a little taken aback by the fact that this guy, who looked younger than us, owned that mansion.

Don pulled the boat up and hopped off while one of his friends stepped off to tie it up. Interestingly, it didn't seem strange at the time that this guy didn't ask if it was ok to tie up. Don was about 6'2 and 220 pounds and totally ripped. In fact, all three of the guys were big and ripped. They were only wearing board shorts and I happened to notice that there was a sizeable lump in each of them. He stuck out his hand and shook with Jonathon and then went around introducing himself and his two friends. Their names were Matt and Juan. Matt looked like he was Italian and Juan was clearly part Mexican.

After introducing everyone Don said, "So, there are eight of us guys up here and we figured that since you are here and it's the first time that we are meeting, we should have you over for lunch. Don't worry about dressing up or anything," he chuckled. "But if you guys are cool with that we will be making a bunch of steaks in twenty minutes or so, so come over and hang out."

We all said that we would and they got back on their boat and motored away.

"Holy shit, those are some big guys," observed Carlos. "I don't think I've ever seen a Mexican that size."

"Yeah man, and did you notice their shorts? I doubt those guys are stuffing, but if they aren't, they are packing some serious heat," commented Mark.

"Why are you talking about their dicks, you fags? Free steaks is all that matters to me," said Norm.

The five of us walked over after putting away the equipment and changing out of our swim trunks. The weather was still gorgeous so we were still wearing just shorts and sandals. We arrived at the house via the beach so the first thing that we saw was the big patio that they had with the BBQ on it. No one was outside so we continued up to the big living room that was surrounded by glass. Don was there with Matt, Juan and some other guy and so he let us in.

"Welcome to my abode, this is Sean." Easily the tallest guy I had seen so far, Sean was probably 6'9 and just like all the others, built like an Adonis. He was the only one not wearing shorts and his speedo looked like it had an anaconda in it. "Craig has gone to get the steaks, and he should be back soon. In the meantime, who wants a tour?"

"Uh, where is your washroom? I forgot to take a piss before we left," asked Norm.

"Sure, Norm. It's just down that hallway there on the left," Don pointed.

"Thanks."

"I'd love a tour, this place looks amazing, no offense, man," I said to Jon.

"None taken, buddy," replied Jon. "It is pretty amazing."

"Well, whoever wants a tour, it starts now," said Don.

In the end it was only Jon and I who took him up on his offer, the other two stayed in the living room with Matt, Juan and Sean. Like I said before, this place was huge and the tour showed us areas that you couldn't see from the outside. There was a courtyard with a big pool that wasn't being used, a whole whack load of bedrooms and bathrooms, two tennis courts out back, a fully loaded gym, a garage that looked like it could hold a fleet of cars (although we didn't get to see what was in it) and even an observatory area on the roof with a couple of telescopes. Don took the two of us into the basement and opened a door into a home movie theatre that was being used to play video games. Jon has always been an avid gamer, so his jaw dropped immediately.

"This is the greatest thing I have ever seen," he said.

Two massively muscular Asian guys were sitting in chairs near the front playing Halo on what must have been a wireless Xbox embedded into the screen or something. Jon ran down to them and asked if he could join in. They said sure and so after that it was just Don and I on his tour. After viewing most of the bedrooms (which were all bigger than any of ours at the other cabin), we arrived at a bedroom that left all the other ones to shame. The bed looked even bigger than a king size and was a beautiful four-poster made of something like ebony wood. The windows faced the courtyard with the pool, so they offered privacy without ruining the view of the surrounding mountains. There were also a couple of expensive-looking divans and a desk that looked like it was taken off of a ship from the 17th century. Off to the side was a door into what I assumed was the master bath as I heard some water running.

"And so finally, this is my room," said Don. "You like it?"

"Hell yeah, this place is fit for a king. Who needs to go back to Portland when you can stay here as much as you want?"

"Wouldn't be a vacation if you didn't enjoy yourself, now would it? But hold on a second, there is one last thing to show you." As he said this, he placed his hand on the small of my back and sent a shiver down my spine.

I had, up until this point, never thought of men as particularly attractive or sexy, but what Don was doing was getting my dick hard pretty fast. He guided me towards the master bathroom where I heard the water running and when I crossed the threshold, I knew why. Standing in what must have been the biggest steam shower I had ever seen was the big black guy that had opened the door for the runners in the morning, completely nude. 6'6 and built like Arnold in his prime, this guy was a feat of genetics. As I pored over his body, I noticed the biggest dick I had ever seen in my life. It must have been nine inches, flaccid and as dark as the bed frame in the other room. My mouth started watering just staring at it, something which at this point was not concerning me at all.

"This is Earl, and he is very excited to meet you. I think you feel the same way, don't you, Dave?" Don whispered, just millimeters away from my ear. His hand still on my back, he guided me forward as Earl turned off the shower nozzles and opened the door. I was mesmerized as this massive man got closer and closer to me.

"Hey there, little man. You like what you see," Earl said, his deep baritone vibrating through the room and sending shivers right to my now rock hard cock. I reached up to touch his chest as soon as I got close enough and started playing my hands across his pecs, nipples and abs. As this was going on, I noticed that Don had undone my shorts and was pulling them off, releasing my hard 7 inch dick. It immediately sprung up to my stomach and was visibly dripping. "What you are doing feels nice, and I'm not complaining, but I think there is something else you want to be touching right now."

He was right, and I knew it, but I was afraid to take that last step towards wherever this was going. Not be deterred by my slight reluctance, Don took one of my hands in his and put it on Earl's big dick, which looked to have gotten even bigger. I had been totally straight up until this point in my life, and so the only dick I had ever had in my hand had been my own. But this was so much better than that. His thick tube of flesh didn't just feel alive, it felt powerful. I knew now how they were doing this to me, someone who had only been attracted to women. If I had had a dick like his, I couldn't settle for just fucking women. I would need to fuck everything and everyone just to feel normal. Not only that, but with a dick like this, I doubt anyone would deny me, even a dyed-in-the-wool lesbian.

Don was moving my hand in a slight jacking motion and I soon took my other hand off of Earl's pecs and started a two-handed motion that soon had Earl moaning. I moved closer to his chest as I was doing this and he leaned down and started kissing me. Just like his cock, his kisses were powerful and dominating. I felt my cock get harder than it ever had before when Don grabbed it in his hands and gave it a quick few jerks. I had never been someone who came quickly, often requiring at least half an hour of continuous stimulation to orgasm, but those few jerks sent my cock spasming squirting come all the way up to my chin and onto Earl's chest.

Earl kept making out with me as I came down from my post-orgasmic high and I noticed Don's face was beside my ear again. "How are you enjoying your proper welcome to my house, Dave? Obviously you like it so far. Now, clean up the mess you made."

As I was still coming down from my high, it took me a second to register what he meant but when I did, I was not disgusted at all. My dick actually got hard all over again thinking about licking my own come off of Earl's chest. I gently pulled myself off of Earl's face and started licking his chest, not caring if there was come on it or not. As I was doing this, Earl's hands were on my head, ever so slightly coaxing me lower and lower. I finally got down to his waist where there wasn't any come but there was a massive black tool waiting for my very well lubricated mouth. I was on my knees at this point and I saw Don sitting on the nearby toilet seat jerking his dick. Having almost as big a dick as Earl's, I could see that Don had definitely not been stuffing his shorts when we saw him earlier. Since Earl was too high up to look at, I stared into Don's eyes as I placed Earl's dick on the tip of my tongue. While I had taught my girlfriends how to suck my cock many times, this was a whole other monster.

Earl's dick had the thickness of a coke can so fitting it down my throat was going to be an issue. Instead, I limited myself to sucking and licking the tip and jerking the rest of his length. I was spitting all over his dick and licking the shaft to get it nice and lubricated for my hands to do the work. I seemed to be doing ok since he was moaning the whole time and Don was telling me what a good cocksucker I looked like. After an unknown amount of time, since I was lost in the moment, Earl reached down and lifted me up. I'm not exactly small at six feet and 180 pounds but Earl lifted me as if I was a grocery bag. He started making out with me again as he carried me into the bedroom and threw me onto the bed. Not sure where this was going next or if I would like it (which was ridiculous considering everything up until now), I lay on the bed quite demurely as Earl climbed on and placed himself with his back on the headboard and his legs out, displaying that magnificent cock to full effect. Don entered from the bathroom with a bag of bottles and some other things, but I barely noticed since I was soon attacking Earl's dick with my mouth again.

If you have ever been in the position I was in before, you know that it exposes your butt to the world. Very soon, I realized why they had put me in this position. While I was worshipping Earl's dick, I noticed the bed move behind me and Don reach underneath me to grab hold of my dick. I moaned in pleasure as he started jacking my dick and then noticed his tongue on my asshole. I had had girls rim me out before so this wasn't a new experience but Don's tongue was so much stronger than theirs and he used it like a dick, pushing it into my rosebud over and over again. Pretty soon he was licking my balls while he pushed a well-lubed finger into my butt. I noticed someone moaning and soon realized that it was me, doing so uncontrollably. As Don started opening up my ass with his fingers, I was enjoying the feeling of Earl's massive cock in my mouth. At the beginning, I couldn't even fit the whole tip in my mouth but as my senses were starting to consider what was going on with my ass, I was going deeper and deeper on Earl's member. By the time Don had gotten four fingers into my ass at the same time, I was almost halfway down Earl's 13 inch monster.

"Don is going to start feeding his dick into your ass now, little man," Earl said while staring lustily into my eyes. "Don't take your mouth off of my dick and focus on the sucking until you get used to it. I will probably come soon, so try and swallow it down and keep sucking. We are very good at this, so don't worry about pain but if you feel any just bite down on my dick, I won't mind. He needs to get you ready for my dick so if you tough it out, pretty soon I will be fucking your white ass and making you cum all over my chest again. If you don't want this, just take your mouth off of my dick and you can go back to your cabin and never see us again. Otherwise, we will give you the greatest vacation of your life."

I don't think anyone in the world could have taken my mouth off of that cock. The pleasure I had already felt was so far beyond what I had had so far in my life that I couldn't imagine passing up this opportunity. Earl saw the lust in my eyes and saw that I wasn't going to move off of his cock and so he gestured to Don. I immediately felt something that was a lot bigger than a finger start pressing itself into my rosebud as Don violated my tightest hole. The sharp pain that I had expected never came. Instead, as Don's dick started moving through my rectum I felt like he was massaging my inner being. Having never been fucked or had anything inside of me, this feeling was immensely pleasurable. I was so focused on the dick in my ass that I didn't notice that I had completely deepthroated Earl's dick to the root. Shocked at this, I started pulling it out and that is when Earl came. I had it about halfway out when the first shot came gushing out of his cock. I immediately knew that I would not be able to hold it all, but I did my best anyways, swallowing as quickly as I could. He must have come a full cup and it tasted delicious. I didn't know if these guys just had naturally tasty come or if they were drinking pineapple juice all day, but I loved the flavor.

Earl must have signaled Don at this point, because he bottomed out in my ass, burying the entirety of his 12 inch cock. I had to take my mouth off of Earl's cock to breathe, but when I did, I immediately said, "More. Give me more. Fuck me, Don," to assuage any possibility that they might think I was giving up. Don followed my cue and started pistoning his cock in and out of my ass while I continued to lick and jack Earl's still hard dick.

"Goddamn Earl, this ass is fantastic. We have fucked some tight dudes before, but this one may just take the cake. I feel like I am already going to come," Don said as he continued forcibly fucking my butthole.

"If you taste as good as Earl, don't waste it in my ass, I want to swallow it all," I responded, shocked at the words that were coming out of my mouth.

Earl was the one who responded, "You learn quickly, little man. Give him what he wants, Don, and I will show him what it feels like to have a massive load pumped into his ass."

A few seconds later Don upped his speed in my ass and then quickly pulled out and came around to my face, where I got the first up-close look and taste of his big dick. His dick wasn't cut, like Earl's but it was easily as beautiful. Only two dicks in and I was already hooked on these monsters. I quickly gobbled up his dick as he came, blasting another massive load into my mouth. Much like Earl, Don came a lot and I had a hard time swallowing. Also like Earl, his come was magnificent, equal parts creamy with a sweetness I had not expected. After Don's cock seemed to have subsided a bit, he lay down beside Earl and started making out with him. While I shouldn't have been surprised, I did feel a tiny bit of jealousy as up until this point I had assumed that Earl was mine. Quickly realizing that I wasn't doing anything I started sucking both cocks at the same time. Since Don and Earl were so close together, it was easy enough for me to touch their cocks and lick them both at the same time and so that is what I did. A couple of minutes later as I was still enjoying worshipping two dicks at the same time, I looked up only to see both men were staring at me with grins on their faces.

"What," I said, with two cocks in my fists.

"I think it is time that you and I get a bit better acquainted," said Earl.

"How do you want me?"

"Come up here and impale yourself on my dick, little man. I want you to control how you are fucked at first."
