 Simon and Roger were sitting side by side in lounge chairs by their new swimming pool. The installation had been completed just two days ago and now the landscapers were finishing up around the house and pool area. As the three young handsome men moved about planting and putting the landscape stones down, Simon and Roger studied them with interest. All three of them, over six feet tall, had their shirts off and their ripped tan upper bodies glistened with perspiration. They were each wearing leather work boots and cut off jeans displaying their muscular calves and thighs. Simon and Roger both had erections visible in their skimpy bikini swim suits.

Simon and Roger were gay partners who had lived together for over a year. They worked in the movie industry and had recently been involved with several successful films. They had received a windfall of money as a result of their recent success and had purchased their current home. The backyard was completely private so they decided to have an in-ground pool installed. They were looking forward to hosting some parties with their gay friends.

At that moment they were enamored the three landscapers and they got a little carried away. Simon and Roger were both about 5'7" in height and weighed close to 150 pounds. They had effeminate looking bodies that were virtually hairless with very smooth skin. Their legs were shapely and they had cute curvy asses. Simon and Roger were always taking turns being the top and bottom. Now as their bathing suits bulged with their average size cocks they got frisky with each other. Any time they thought they were undetected they played with the other ones cock. Simon really got bold and pulled Roger's swim suit down and sucked the head of his cock. That move did not go undetected.

Sam one of the landscapers called his co-worker Bart over. "Did you see that? Those horny homos can't even wait until we leave," Sam whispered.

Bart replied softly, "Yeah I noticed that a couple of times. They must be getting turned on watching us."

"Do you think that they are thinking about making it with us?" Sam wondered out loud.

"Probably," Bart agreed.

Just then Dirk the foreman joined them and asked, "What's up guys? Why did you stop?"

"We were watching those homos over there. They playing with each other when they think that we are not watching," Sam repeated.

"Yeah and the one sucked the other's cock a few minutes ago," Bart added.

"No shit, I know they are gay but I didn't expect them to act like that in our presence," Dirk replied.

Unbeknown to each other they had all had sex with a gay in their lifetime. They were not gay and they were not interested in cocks but they had each let guys suck their dicks and had even fucked a couple gays. Sam had his experience when he was in the Navy, Bart when he worked in a restaurant and Dirk on a camping trip. It had been years ago and they hadn't given it much thought until today.

The three of them watched from a vantage point as Simon looked around and then dipped his head to give Roger's cock a quick suck. They were playing games and turning each other on but they had no intention of having sex until the landscapers had left. "You know maybe we should show them what real cocks look like," Dirk stated.

Without waiting for a reaction from Sam and Bart, Dirk approached the two gays. When Roger saw Dirk he pulled Simon's head up and tucked his cock back in his bikini. Dirk's cock hardened as he approached and thought about getting his dick sucked. He walked right up between the two lounge chairs and fished out his nearly 8" erection. 

"It's seems you guys are horny and I thought you might like some man meat," Dirk told them.

Simon and Roger stared in awe at the impressive cock but they did not move. "Come on; don't be shy, who wants to go first?" Dirk said as she stroked his big rod. 

Sam and Bart looked on in amazement at their boss. Getting impatient, Dirk grabbed both Simon and Roger by the hair and pulled their faces to his cock. Simon was the first to submit and took the head of Dirk's cock in his mouth. Simon then got into it and began to bob his head up and down on the rigid tool. Roger leaned in and licked Dirk's ball sac.

"Shit, I'm getting a woody," Sam blurted out. 

"Damn, I am too," added Bart.

"I'm going to get my cock sucked too," Sam said and he freed his 7+" boner and walked over to the others. 

Bart fished out his 7 ½ "dick and joined them. Roger and Simon saw the other landscapers approach and they knew that they were going to be sucking cocks for awhile. Dirk smiled when he saw his co-workers with their dicks out. Bart and Sam stood by Roger who then began sucking their cocks alternating between the two of them. Simon continued to suck Dirk's cock but then Dirk took charge.

"Let's get you two on your knees and get those panties off," Dirk ordered.

Simon and Roger reluctantly released the three cocks and removed their bikinis. Their average length slender erections popped out as their bikinis were shed. Dirk threw the lounge cushions on the pool deck for Simon and Roger to kneel on. "Get on all fours and get those asses in the air," Dirk directed.

"Have you guys ever butt fucked before?" Dirk directed at Sam and Bart.

"Oh yeah," Sam admitted as he stroked his cock. 

"Me too," Bart owned up.

"Good, then let's give these assholes and good reaming. You guys go first. Use that lotion on the table there," Dirk ordered.

Dirk removed his cutoffs and briefs and stood in just his work boots between Simon and Roger. They moved close enough to take turns sucking his cock and Dirk held them each by the hair. Sam and Bart also removed their cutoffs and underwear and moved into position. Sam lubed Simon's ass and then tossed the lotion to Bart who lubed Roger's ass. Sam moved in close and eased his cock into Simon's ass with one steady push. Simon gasped on Dirk's cock when the big dick filled his rectum. Bart was a little thicker so he fed his cock to Roger a little at a time until he was buried balls deep in Roger's ass.

Sam and Bart got a rhythm going fucking them and Dirk kept moving his cock from one mouth to the other. Simon and Roger were actually ecstatic that things had worked out the way they did. They never thought that they would be so fortunate to be getting fucked by two studs and sucking a third. Dirk turned and faced Roger and presented his anus for Simon to lick. Simon could taste the dried sweat in Dirk's crack but he was not deterred to licking the taut anus. Simon and Roger both had licked their share of butt holes and they liked the way it excited their lovers.

Sam was gliding in and out of Simon's receptive ass with his hips slapping against the shapely buttocks. Sam liked the way Simon's cheeks jiggled each time and he liked caressing the smooth bottom. In this position Simon looked like a slim girl getting her butt reamed and Sam enjoyed the effect. Roger had adjusted to Bart's thick cock and Bart was now moving freely in and out of Roger's asshole. Bart and Sam were really enjoying the impromptu anal sex. 

Dirk pulled his cock out of Roger's mouth and jerked off spraying his load on the faces of Simon and Roger. Dirk held his cock tightly and then released a stream that landed on Roger's face and hair. Dirk then squeezed his cock again and turned toward Simon and released another rope of semen onto Simon's face. Dirk kept alternating until he stopped shooting and then he had Roger and Simon sucked his cock dry. 

Sam was the next to cum and he pulled out of Simon's ass and shot several ropes of semen onto Simon's back and buttocks. Sam let his cock rest in the crack of Simon's ass momentarily and then he pushed his cock back in scooping up his seed on the way. Simon used his sphincter to milk Sam's cock dry. Sam's cock slipped out and rested between Simon's buttocks again. This time Simon moved his ass up and down massaging the still hard dick in between his buttocks which Sam found to be very erotic.

Bart was the last to cum and he too pulled out and dumped a huge load on Roger's ass and back. Bart followed Sam's example and put his cock back in Roger's ass after he ejaculated. Roger also used his sphincter to drain Bart of any remaining semen. Bart and Sam then moved away from the two cute asses and stood up.

"Let's take a break and let these two get off. Move into a 69 position and suck each other off," Dirk directed this time.

Simon and Roger were ready to get off so they followed Dirk's orders and moved into a 69 position. They lay on their sides on the cushions sucking each other's cock. It didn't take long for the two lovers to cum as they were incredibly turned on. Almost simultaneously they ejaculated in each other's mouth. Roger and Simon sucked the cocks dry and then released them from their mouths. They looked up at the landscapers and saw that they were all hard and ready to go again. Dirk had Simon and Roger get side by side on the cushions with their asses in the air again.

Dirk decided to take Roger's ass which looked so inviting. Roger was lying flat on the cushion with his ass slightly in the air. Dirk lubed up his cock and eased it in to the lovely gay ass. Roger moved his hips up and down to meet Dirk's thrusts. Sam had Simon suck his cock and Bart took Simon's ass this time. Simon was on all fours and working on Sam's cock in his mouth. Bart caressed Simon's curvy butt as he drilled it with his impressive cock. 

Sam had to admit that he was getting a great blow job. It was as good as any he ever had. He loved the way Simon swirled his tongue around the shaft and nibbled on the soft mushroom head. In spite of Sam cumming once he was ready to blow his load quickly. He put his hands on Simon's shoulders and groaned as he shot his load into Simon's mouth. Simon felt the discharge hit the back of his throat and he swallowed quickly as cum filled his mouth. He loved the taste of Sam's seed and he was glad that he got to sample it.

Dirk was really into fucking Roger and he loved the way Roger drove his ass up to meet him. Dirk's cock would slide nearly all the way out and then plunge back in. Roger also rotated his ass in small circles adding to the eroticism of the anal sex. Dirk could feel his balls tighten and he knew he was close. He tried to prolong his ejaculation as he really liked fucking Roger but he was too far gone and he shot a huge load into Roger's rectum.

"Oh, I feel it," Roger cried out.

Dirk pressed his hips into Roger driving his cock as deep as it would go. Dirk remained in Roger's ass until Roger had milked him dry and his cock softened and slipped out. Dirk rolled to his side and Roger rolled over on his back. Roger took a hold of his cock and jerked off in search of his own release. Simon saw his lover jerking off and he crawled over to Roger and began sucking his cock. Bart moved with Simon keeping his cock in Simon's ass the entire time. 

Roger came quickly in his lover's mouth and Simon drank down every drop. Roger then moved under Simon and sucked Simon's cock while Bart fucked him. Simon didn't last long in his lover's mouth and he filled it with his seed. Bart was relentless fucking the shapely ass and each time he was close to cumming he stopped and let his ejaculation recede. Bart loved being in Simon's lovely ass and he wanted to keep fucking him as long as he could. Finally he could take no more and he shot a forceful load into Simon. 

"That feels like a hose went off in my ass," Simon blurted out.

The five of them were done for the time being and seemed unsure about what to do next. Dirk took charge again and spoke, "Why don't you get us some beers while we jump in the pool and cool down," he directed at Simon and Roger.

The guys took off their work boots and socks and jumped in the pool. Simon and Roger walked naked into their house to get the beers. "What the fuck did we just do?" an embarrassed Sam let out.

"We got our rocks off with a couple of cute gay guys. Was it so bad?" Dirk replied.

"I kind of got into it. When all you see is a cute ass I don't mind fucking it," Bart added.

"It was weird though I have to say the sex was great," Sam admitted.

"I always felt that fucking a cute ass or getting my cock sucked by a gay wasn't that much different that with some girls," Dirk offered.

"I guess not. I mean when it's a mouth and an ass what difference does it make. It's all about cumming when you're horny," Bart agreed.

Roger and Simon returned with the beers and served them to the landscapers. They also got in the pool and let the water bring their body temperatures down. They finished their beers and the landscapers got dressed and finished their project. Roger and Simon remained naked and watched the muscular studs work. When they were finished Roger asked if they had anything left for some more fun.

This time Roger and Simon got on their sides and sucked each other's cock again. Dirk fucked Simon and Bart fucked Roger. Sam sat in a lounge chair stroking his cock as he watched the foursome. They all came one last time and then it was definitely time to leave. 

Roger then spoke to Dirk, "Simon and I are not much when it comes to gardening. I was wondering if you would be willing to maintain our landscaping for us. You could come by once a week when we were home."

Dirk smiled and replied as he squeezed Roger's naked ass, "Of course, I would be happy to maintain your landscaping. I will bring you an agreement the next time."

The landscapers left and Simon sighed, "That was unbelievable, it was great. I never expected our day to turn out like that."

"Yes it was wonderful wasn't it? Well we have the landscapers to look forward to each week. All we need now is to find a cute pool boy," Roger added.

"Are we still having the group over on Saturday?" Simon asked.

"Oh yes, that will be a fun day too," Roger confirmed.

"I'm ready for a drink," Simon said and Roger agreed. They took their drinks back to the lounges and stretched out to relax. Their bodies ached but it was the pleasant ache of sexual activity. They started out that day wearing their bikini swim wear but they knew they would never need to wear them again in the presence of the landscapers.