 Until a few years ago, I'd never had a man to man encounter, but plenty of fantasies. I finally tried it, getting together with men I'd met in online chat rooms. I'm married, and have been for nearly fifteen years, with no intention of getting a divorce. So, beyond just fulfilling my sexual desires, I needed any meeting to be discreet, safe, and for my partner to have a place for it to happen.

The experiences I did have were limited to three men, with none of the short relationships overlapping. Sex was simple and straight-forward, with the major thrill coming from the taboo of being with another male. The way things worked out, the other man always became the dominate partner. Of course, I was instrumental in making that happen. My big fantasy from the start was being a bottom for a hot top.

After it became reality, I found it enjoyable being used by another man for his pleasure. I insisted, however, a condom and lubricant always be used for anal penetration to avoid disease and pain.

My last relationship ended in January. Like the two liaisons before, our meetings seemed to dwindle until they just ceased altogether. A big reason for it happening I realized was me. The newness in each of the relationships had worn off and sex seemed mechanical.

Driving by an adult video store this summer on a hot Thursday afternoon, I decided on a whim to check it out. I thought it might be interesting. My previous visit to one was long ago in a different city.

My expectation, however, was not much had changed in a triple-X shop since then and now, other than DVD's replacing video tapes. Pulling into the parking lot, I noticed there were quite a few parked cars.

As I stepped through the door, a white patron standing in front of a nearby rack of adult magazines looked my way to check me out. I'm less than six feet tall, slender, with nice legs, a well-rounded butt, and very little body hair. I have blonde hair, cut slightly long. Dressed for the heat, I had on a tee-shirt, cut-off jean shorts, and sandals. I wasn't wearing underwear.

The man giving me the once-over with his eyes was in great physical shape, his tee-shirt stretched across his broad chest, highlighting his muscular build. He had on long jeans and boots. Good looking with a tan, I guessed him to be in his mid-thirties and an outdoor construction worker.

A grubby little dark-skinned man working behind the store's counter was evaluating me, too. He had scraggly dark hair, needed a shave, and had a protruding belly paunch. He had a hairy look. I figured him to be middle-Eastern and close to fifty years old.

Approaching the counter I asked, "Do I get tokens here or inside the movie viewing area?"

"You buy a minimum dollar amount here. Once inside, you can put money in the booth machines." I noticed after giving him money I would be getting some coupons rather than tokens. That was something new since my last video store foray. While he was ringing up the cash register, I looked down at an open magazine on the counter top he'd been reading when I came in. The pages had the naked pictures of two male hunks, each with their pubic hair shaved off. One was on his knees, sucking the other guy's hard cock.

"Enjoy," the counter man said with a leer, handing over my change and the coupons.

Heading to the movie viewing area, I knew both men were watching me walk away. I took my time, making sure they got a good look at the moving cheeks of my rounded ass. In a perverse thought, I hoped it had the grubby middle-Eastern counter man drooling. 

Going from the main portion of the adult video store into the movie section was an immediate transition from light to dark. A dim-lit corridor ran between booths laid out in a maze. A red light glowed on one of the front booths with the door shut, indicating it was occupied. The sound of moans from a film playing inside the closed booth was clearly audible.

Mid-way into the movie section, the corridor became a square juncture, branching off in two directions to split twice more in opposite ways on either side. Within the juncture, three shadowy white men were clumped together, chatting while eyeing me sauntering toward them.

Two of the men were older than me, the other younger. I judged him to be in his early twenties. They had different body types, but all had average builds. As I came close, they gave me a nod in greeting. The younger also smiled, saying, "Hi." I returned his greeting while nodding back at the others. The three of them had a hand to their crotch, rubbing a bulge from their cock beneath the pants material. With the tenting of his baggy shorts, it was clear the twenty-something man had a huge hard-on.

Being curious, however, I passed them by, moving into the darkened corridor on my right. There was a booth to the left, door closed, with the red light on to show it was occupied. Making an inverted L to the right, I came to a viewing booth isolated by the corridor's lay-out. The red light was on, but instead of being closed, the booth door stood open.

Peering into the cubicle illuminated by the flickering light of a wall-mounted television, a skinny white man was sitting on a wall bench with his pants undone, watching a fuck movie, and jacking off. He looked at me and smiled, inviting me to join him with a gesture of his free hand.

I shook my head no. I still wanted to explore the place. I retraced my steps half-way back down the corridor to take a split-off I'd bypassed earlier.

Again, I came to an occupied booth with the door open. Inside, an older white Daddy-type sat on a wall bench having his stiff cock sucked by a young white man down on his knees. Unable to see it in the murky light, I could only imagine how filthy the floor had to be. Looking up at me, the older white man getting a blow job grinned, giving me a wink. I stood in place, planning to watch for a few minutes. I was a turn-on, seeing the cocksucker's head bobbing up and down, leaving a glistening sheen of saliva on the bench-sitter's cock. Suddenly, without warning, I felt someone touching me from behind in the near-dark, rubbing and squeezing my ass with one hand, while craning to look past me into the booth.

At first, I stiffened from the surprise contact, but relaxed as I got into the hot sight and slurping sounds of the man-to-man action. In back of me, the man quit playing with my butt and I could hear the sound of a zipper being opened. Almost immediately afterward, he pressed into me and I could feel the thick length of his hard cock grinding against my jean-covered butt. "Want to caress that nasty cock, baby," he whispered. "Reach back."

I slid an arm behind me and down, touching the smooth bulbous head of his cock with my fingertips. It was slick with pre-cum seeping from the piss slit. I wiggled my butt back into him, a feeling of lust surging through me.

"Oh, yeah, that's good," he said, before backing off slightly, creating space for me to completely grasp his cock in my hand. "Do it, baby. Fondle my meat while you keep watching that whore gobble cock."

I stroked his prick. He was not only thick, but long. When I skimmed the flesh of his hard rod with my fingers, he groaned in ecstasy, dipping his head to kiss the side of my neck. I was hot with desire; turned-on with unexpected pleasure.

But, I had to stop. Hooking-up with a total stranger in a grimy video store was too risky; the whole thing too sleazy. "I can't," I said, releasing his cock and pulling away. Turning, I squeezed past the man, leaving him to be a voyeur alone.

In getting by him, I had my first full glimpse of the man whose cock I'd been handling. He was middle-aged, balding, white man with a heavy-set body. His face had a look of surprise at my abrupt flight.

The end of the darkened corridor turned in an upside-down L leading to another dead-end booth. Like the booth I'd fled from, the occupancy light was glowing red while the door to the movie-lit cubicle was left ajar. Within, a squat, extremely hairy white man stood eyeing a gay fuck film, completely naked, idly fingering his big semi-hard cock.

The biggest thing to have changed since my last visit to a video store was the open sexual activity. Visible nudity, which was also a new wrinkle, was almost a bland happening in comparison. I was amazed by it all, although to be honest, I liked the change. Although I'd never be so bold to expose myself, I didn't have the nerve to do it in public.

Looking out at me, the hairy man waggled his cock in his hand, saying, "You want to suck me hard?" I shook my head no, still staring at his big cock. Although not fully erect, I could tell it well beyond normal size. His hairy ball sac was larger than most men's, too. With a bushy tangle of wiry pubic hair, his pelvic area had a nasty hot appeal. Without forethought, I reached out and took his fat prick into my hand.

At first, it felt warm and fleshy soft to the touch, but quickly grew into a rock-hard shaft. "Suck it," the man told me. "You know you want to."

"Do it, baby," a voice whispered in my ear. It was the man I'd left at the last booth. Pressing his body tight to mine, he reached around my waist to grope my cock through my shorts. "You left in too much of a hurry. You missed seeing the cocksucker's mouth getting flooded with cum. The whore couldn't gulp it fast enough. It was oozing out past his lips and running down his chin. Damn, it got me hot, making me want to fuck you." Still holding the hairy man's big cock in my hand, I said over my shoulder, "I don't intend on doing anything here. So, don't get the idea it's going to happen."

"Then maybe you should let go of the guy's cock," he replied, unsnapping the waist button of my jeans. Unzipping them, he shoved a hand inside my pants to grasp my cock, causing me to get hard. For me, it heightened an internal struggle between lust and reason. I wanted to let go, submitting to desire; but there were a lot of factors against doing it, including not having a condom. I had no expectation the man carried one. "No underwear, good," the man said upon discovering I wasn't wearing any. "It makes things easy."

Releasing my stiff dick, he stepped back, grabbing the hips of my jean shorts and giving them a jerk down. They slipped past the curve of my butt easily, falling to pool at my feet. Standing with my lower body naked and exposed to the casual gaze of two strangers, I was buzzing with excitement. The man behind me ran his stubby fingers over my bare butt. "Nice ass. I'm going to enjoy fucking it." The hairy man made the comment, "And I'll enjoy watching while he sucks my dick."

I reached back with a hand, fumbling with the middle-aged man's dick, feeling the ball sac soft beneath his hard cock. Despite desire, reason prevailed. All of this struck me as not good. That regardless of the blatant exhibitionism and casual behavior of the other men, it wasn't a smart move having sex in the public place of a filthy video store.

I asked the middle-aged man, "You have a rubber?"

With the reply he didn't, I told him I wouldn't fuck bare-back. Taking my refusal to go along as firm, the man glanced at his wristwatch in the corridor's dim light. "I've got to leave. But, I need to get off. Turn around and take care of him while I beat-off. I'll pop a load on your ass."

"Go to it, bitch," the squat, hairy man to my front said, cupping the back of my head with one hand, making me bend at the waist, and guiding my face down to his prick. I'd been absent-mindedly fondling the huge shaft the entire time I spoke with the man behind me. My reasoning was being overcome by lust. The short hallway was in reality a niche, tucked out of the mainstream corridor. Nobody would be passing by. And the balding, heavy-set man would be blocking any entry past the corner. All of it helped me in making a decision. I stepped out of my pooled shorts and feeling with one foot, slid them on the floor to the front of me. Placing a hand on each of the hairy man's upper thighs for balance, I opened my mouth, letting the mushroom-like cap of his cock slip between my lips, tasting him.

"Oh, yes," he half-groaned, sinking his thick prick deeper into my mouth with a slow, steady push while applying pressure to the back of my head with his hand. "Eat me, you fucking slut." "Gobble that cock, baby," urged the white man jacking-off his cock near my ass. "Make him shoot cum in your mouth." I couldn't see him, but I could imagine the balding, middle-age man masturbating his hard cock, the heavy-hanging balls jouncing with every hand-stroke.

The head of the hairy man's cock touched the back of my throat, making me gag slightly. He pulled back, saying, "Don't worry. I'm not going to choke you. I just wanted to see how deep I could go." He then began smoothly working his big cock in and out of my hot mouth. I was making wet, slurping sounds as he did, bringing to mind the whore cocksucker I'd watched earlier.

"Oh, shit, I'm going to lose it," the man behind me announced. He inched up to me, so close I could feel his moving hand rhythmically tapping the flesh of my ass as he jacked off. His breathing began to sound labored and the tapping got faster.

"Bust a nut all over that fucking slut's ass," the hairy man encouraged. "Coat it with cum." I kept sucking the man in front's big cock as the man in back's hand suddenly stopped moving. I knew he was fisting his cock, about to cum, and aiming the head at my ass. I felt a hot gob of cum splatter on my ass-crack, followed by another. "Roll that butt, baby," he said with a husky passion-filled voice. "Take my hot cum."

More of it spit from his cockhead to land on an ass-cheek. Pressing the length of his dick flush against the cum-streaked flesh, a weak eruption of sperm spurted out from it onto me. He momentarily held still; then stepped away.

Listening to the rustling sound of material, I knew he was pulling up his pants, preparing to go. "I'll be back next Thursday with a rubber," he said, spanking the clean side of my rounded butt with the palm of his hand, making the cheek jiggle. "Be here."

The hairy man in front with his dick in my mouth was about to cum, too. His hips were bucking faster. I could feel the middle-aged man's semen sliding down my ass-crack in a slimy trail. Fingers touched my ass, smearing the deposited cum deeper into my crack and onto the puckered ring of my asshole.

I stood, letting the hairy man's big, saliva-slick cock slip wetly from between my lips, replacing them with my hand to begin jacking him off. Glancing back over my shoulder, I saw the fingers spreading cum belonged to the young white guy I'd spoken to earlier in the corridor.

Before I could speak, he said, "You like the way that feels? Having that guy's cum rubbed on your asshole?" He scooped a wad off my butt, bringing it to my hole, lubricating and pushing it past the puckered ring and into me, sinking a finger mid-knuckle deep.

It did feel good, I thought, as the hairy man pulled my face back down to his big cock. "Get me off, bitch," he said, fucking my mouth.

"Spit on my cockhead," I heard the young man behind me say to somebody. I tried to rise, bringing a halt to things, but the hairy man held me in place, pumping his thick prick in and out of my mouth. I pushed against his thighs with my hands, trying to stand.

Resisting my struggles, the hairy white man said, "Don't bite me, bitch." He kept fucking my face.

The young white behind me wrapped an arm around my waist. I could feel the thick head of his cock as he hand-slid the hard shaft up and down my ass-crack, adding cum to the spit for lubrication.

"Suck it, bitch. Work your tongue on my cock," the hairy man said, pushing his cock deep into my mouth. I licked the underside of his cock as the young man behind me pushed the blunt helmet-like head of his cock against my asshole. I could feel the pressure of it poking into me. Pushing hard, he popped it past the puckered ring of my asshole into me. Once inside, the young man shoved deep into me with one slow thrust.

"Oh, yeah, fuck that ass," the hairy man said, watching the young man while holding my head tightly in place, sawing his thick cock in and out of my mouth.

The young man's hard shaft packed me without much discomfort and he began working it inside me. He didn't last long. It seemed within a few strokes the young white man was pushing it to the hilt, holding still while pulling me back into him by the hips. I felt hot warmth filling my ass and realized he was pumping his seed into me. Any reluctance by me of going bare back was just negated. His pulsating cock squirting my butt full of semen had seen to that.

He was young and full of cum. Fast to finish, it took awhile to empty his balls into me. Finally, he pulled out of my ass, dragging cum along with his departing cockhead. It ran down from my asshole following the line of my ass crack.

"I'm blowing it," the hairy man with his dick in my mouth declared. I could feel his cock twitching within my lips. I stopped moving, waiting for him to cum. He blasted his load into my mouth, the baby juice hot, wet, and thick.

"Drink it down, slut," he said, watching me trying to gulp down his sticky cum. "Get it all."

I heard another voice speaking behind me. "You ready for big black cock, baby?" I could feel the bulky head of a cock slipping into my ass crack and being rubbed in the slick cum there before being positioned at the puckered ring of my asshole. The thought crossed my mind I was being gangbanged faster than I could keep up with it.

"Fuck that white ass," the hairy man said, enjoying the feel of my nibbling lips on his deflating cock, talking to the man at my rear. "Open that ass up with that black dong."

A hand reached beneath my bent body, fondling my cock. I let the hairy man's cock slip from my mouth, a string of cum drooping from my lips to his dick slit, half-twisting my body to look behind me. At my side, reaching beneath me fondling my cock like he was milking a cow udder was the good-looking customer from the store front.

Past him, behind me, a large, muscular black man was at my butt. He was very dark, prompting me to have the old stereotypical image he reminded me of a big black bull.

"You're loose and lubed up enough with cum to take me," the black bull said, pressing the head of his dark cock to my sperm-slick asshole. The puckered ring was gaped open slightly from my ass being fucked by the young man's prick.

I wasn't prepared for any of this to happen. Not fucking bare back, being the center of a gang bang, or a cum-slut for a black stud. I debated what to do next. Whether to let things happen or quit. I didn't have much time to decide.

In fact, I didn't have any. The black bull shoved his enormous cockhead against my asshole. It resisted entry and I felt a huge pressure. The big plum-like head popped into my ass like the younger man's before, only it stretched my asshole wide, making me feel the pain of it slipping into me. He pushed while pulling my hips, cramming his huge black cock deeper into my butt.

The good-looking guy said, "The cocksucker's dribbling cum," catching sperm from my dick in his hand. The black's large cock pressing against my prostrate gland was forcing cum out my piss slit. He brought his hand to my lips, telling me, "Lick your cum off my fingers. Get them clean." In front of me, the hairy man smiled while getting dressed. The black kept pushing, forcing his way into my ass, filling me with both his cock and a steady pain from his rock hard meat spreading my hole to the limit. I felt stuffed.

After I licked his hand clean, tasting my own cum, the good-looking man briefly fondled my dick, again. Then reached past it and cupped the black man's big balls. "Hmm, those black balls are full of black baby juice," he said. "Pump it into that ass."
