 I was in Las Vegas for a conference and decided to check out a gay night club. I had been divorced for about six months and wanted to see what sex with men was like. I had groped and been groped once before in an adult book store when I was 18 and then I ran like hell. I had fantasized about it a lot while masturbating but had never done anything about it. My wife left me for a rich guy, so now I was free to do what I wanted. I wanted to get laid.

There are a bunch of gay clubs all located together and I went in one of them. I looked around and there wasn't one guy there I wanted to touch, let alone touch me. I went into another one and had the same reaction. Being around all of these guys made me want to act more masculine. I'm 40, 6'1" tall and 190 lbs. I'm in good shape.

I found my self attracted to the women there. I started talking to a couple of them and they were waiting for a friend to join them. They seemed straight to me. But what do I know?

I caught some guys looking at me. Then it hit me! They wanted me to pick them up! Here I was, wanting to get picked up and taken for a night of man on man sex, and the guys at this place were expecting me to do the picking up. Think it was because of the way I look and acted? Nah, couldn't be.

I was about to bail when the friend showed up. He was about 6'4", 220 lbs. He was about 45 years old. The two women talked about stuff with him and I realized that they were mostly talking about his construction business. One of the women was his accountant!

The women took off and I was left with the guy, Steve. It was a little awkward there for a moment, like, are you who I want to be with? I started talking to him about his business and a couple of beers later, it was like we were friends from long ago. Steve was a great guy. I remembered why it was that I had come to the bar and I wondered if Steve wanted to take me home. Is that what women think when I take them out? I wondered.

I found myself looking at his collar bone and wondering what it was like to kiss it. He asked me if I would like to dance. I said sure. Steve was a great dancer and after a couple songs, a slower song came up. I had had enough to drink that I just fell into Steve's arms.

He was wearing a thin shirt and so was I and I could feel his body heat through it. I have never danced with anyone taller than me and that was a new experience. I was dancing with my arms around a man. And then there was his cock.

I had never been that close to another cock before. I could feel my cock against his leg and his cock against me. I was hard in a hurry.

The song ended and we broke, but I didn't want to let go. I finally had a hold of a man. And he was a good man. We went back to our table and I made sure I sat close to him. I liked his smell. We were talking again and he asked me to dance again.

This time there were two slow songs, okay, one slow song and one medium song, but everyone was close dancing to it. He moved one hand down my back and I wanted him to go all the way down to my ass and pull it to him. But he stopped just below my belt. I found myself rubbing my cock against him. I was in heaven. I wanted to get naked with him in the worst way. I just knew he had a good cock.

This time when the music ended, I didn't let go. I turned around and sort of leaned back against him. He put his arms around me and pulled me in and I could feel his cock against my ass. I turned my upper body a little and leaned back and he did exactly what I wanted. He kissed me right on the lips.

His first kiss was soft but purposeful. Sort of starting me out easy and then he pushed on. His lips and tongue were alive as the explored my face and lips. I wanted him to do whatever he wanted because he really knew what he was doing.

It took me a minute to get my voice back and I asked him if he had plans for the night. Before he could answer, I said that I wanted him to come to my hotel room. He said "Yeah, that's what I want". He had to hit the head before leaving and as I was waiting, a woman, (really a guy in drag) said that we looked really good together. I certainly hoped so.

At my hotel room, there was a slightly awkward moment as I went to the bathroom. After peeing, I got condoms and lube out. I knew what I wanted. We had stopped at a package store in Steve's car and he bought some champagne. He popped that and we had a drink.

We were on the couch in my mini-suite and I settled in to him. He put his arms around me and started kissing. I wanted to get naked right away, but it was all so new to me that I didn't want to misstep. He wasn't moving things along, so I started to open his pants so I could get to that lump he had in his crotch.

He wanted to slow down a little and talk about safe sex. He wanted to know when I had my last STD test and last sex with a man. He had been out of a relationship for three months with no sex. I told him that I hadn't had sex with a man.

He was surprised that I was a gay sex virgin. I told him that I didn't really know when I could have told him before this. We laughed about it. He asked me why I was doing it. I told him. He said that he had always known that he was gay and that he hadn't had sex with a virgin in so long that he was a little unsure of himself.

I must have looked a little down and he took my head in his hands and started to kiss me. He said that I was a great guy, and if this is what I really wanted, he would make love with me.

With that, he pulled down his pants and shorts in one motion and there it was. He was circumcised, and his hard had gotten a little soft, but damn it looked good. I reached up and touched it. It was sort of soft, rubbery, but warm and alive.

I took his cock in my mouth and started working it over. I don't know if I was hitting the good spots for him but he pulled me to my feet and took my clothes off. I pulled his shirt off and kissed his nipples.

He led me to the bed and we started making out. He moved around and it became clear that he wanted to 69. That was okay with me because I wanted to do that also. I found myself doing what ever he did, sucking and stroking, kissing and rubbing his balls, the prostate just in back of his balls. I could feel a great orgasm building in my prostate and I started to cum into his mouth. He started cumming also and I got most of it down. A guy had actually cum in my mouth. What a rush!

We moved back to the head of the bed and I snuggled against him. It felt good. He brought the champagne over to the bed and we had a happy drink. You know the kind of delirious happy you get when you have just cum? It was like that.

I had one hand on his cock and I didn't want to let go. I had it all. I had a great guy with a great cock. This was all right. After a bit of resting, I asked him if he also wanted to have anal sex. Just to make sure that he knew I wanted him to fuck me, I told him that I always wanted to know what it felt like. He said yeah, he wanted my ass, that he was just getting started.

He rolled me onto my belly and then he was on me. I loved the feeling of his weight on me. I spread my legs and let him between them. I loved the feeling of his legs pushing and holding mine apart. I was so open for him to take me and use me as he wanted. And that is what I wanted. I wanted him to fuck me.

He shifted his weight off me a little, moved up and started kissing the back of my neck and rubbing my ass cheeks. I moved them in appreciation. I wondered if I could take it when he put that great cock between them and pushed it home. He started massaging in the crack of my ass and it felt great. I had gotten out the lube and I felt some of it on my ass. Yes, it was going to happen. I was going to get fucked.

He rolled me onto my side and was kissing me as his fingers penetrated my ass for the first time. His tongue was in my mouth and I was lost in the sensations. I was all spread out waiting for him to take me any way he wanted. He had two fingers in me and he was stretching me out slowly. He was being more cautious than when I used a dildo on myself. I was always in such a hurry to get the thing in me.

I let him take the lead and he got out a condom. He asked me if I was ready, if this is what I really wanted. "Yes", I said, "take your beautiful cock and fuck me in the ass."

He got me up on all fours and I could feel his cock against my anus. He had me push back against him and the head popped in. It hurt more than I anticipated and I wondered if I could go through with it. He pulled out, but pushed in again. He stopped for about a minute, a very long minute. Then he started pushing in and out very little. He sort of swayed really. But it was having an effect. He was working his cock into my ass. And my ass liked it.

In my fantasies, my partner just powers into me and really fucks me. I knew that that would probably really hurt. This didn't. There was a little discomfort, but this guy was sticking me in the ass with his cock. He wouldn't let up and soon he was all the way in. He started small movements back and forth and soon I could feel him moving easily in me and it was great! I couldn't believe how good it felt. I loved the feeling of his cock head across my prostate.

My prostate was getting pretty fired up and I was moving to the grooving. I was rocking back and forth on Steve. I started to say "Fuck me, fuck me" over and over again and he obliged.

I was getting to a point where I didn't think I could take any more sensation, that my central nervous system was saturated when I realized that Steve had taken the bull by the horn, so to speak. He had reached around me and was playing with my cock. I squeezed my ass and he grunted and groaned in pleasure. He started really slamming me, not long strokes, but hard ones. I wanted him to cum, I wanted to cum.

And then he did. I could feel his cock spasm in me and I started cumming in Steve's hand. I loved the way he would push into me and squirt right at the end, the tension of his muscles.

We collapsed on the bed, him on my back, buried in my ass and I realized that I had arrived. This is what I wanted. Man sex. Men who knew how to fuck. We lay there in a heap for a while, me squeezing his cock with my ass, hearing him yelp and then he finally pulled out.

My ass felt like it had been somewhere, it just didn't know where. It was a little sore. I squeezed my ass together and it burned a little but it was a good burn.

Steve stayed with me that night and the next night he took me out to show me the best parts of Las Vegas. I blew him out in the desert under a full moon and he blew and fucked me on the car hood, with my legs pointing to the sky and that great cock working over my asshole.

Steve, you were a great first lover for me.