 It was the night before my best friend's wedding. I was in town for the wedding, and his wife-to-be was staying with her parents. Since he was alone at their house, Jay told me I should stay with him, instead of paying for a hotel.

We got back to his place after the rehearsal party, and cracked open a few beers. After a few hours, we were both getting pretty tired. Jay offered to let me sleep with him in his bed, since they didn't have a guest bed.

"No, dude. I'll just crash on your couch. I'll be fine."

He wouldn't take no for an answer. "Jill's side of the bed is empty. You're not going to sleep on an uncomfortable couch when you could be in a bed."

I finally agreed. After some talking and joking around, I finally fell asleep. I assumed he had too.

I don't know what time I woke up, but the bed was shaking slightly. I cracked my eyes open just enough to see what was going on. Jay had kicked off his covers, and was beating off while lying inches away! I pretended to sleep, while watching him. Much to my surprise, I was soon just as hard as he was.

I mean, I knew I wasn't gay, but this had me harder than I'd been in a long time!

"I know you're watching me, Perv."

Shit! I was busted. I closed my eyes tighter, hoping to fake him out. Then I felt his hand on the front of my boxers. "That's some nice wood for someone who isn't awake and excited."

I gasped and opened my eyes. He stopped beating off, and smiled at me. "Did you want me to take my hand away?"

I shook my head.

"Did you want me to cover up."

I shook my head again.

He rolled to face me. "If you won't speak and tell me what you want, then I'll have to just assume you want the same that I do."

I nodded. I just honestly had no idea what to say. What do you say when your best friend has you horny, and you want his full attention?

He was ready to give it. "You need to take off your shirt and boxers."

I did what I was told, and laid flat again. He rolled toward me more. His hand was lightly squeezing my balls, as he leaned forward and started teasing my nipple with his tongue. Holy shit, that was hot!

He kept teasing my nipples while his hand left my balls. He was running his hand along my inner thighs: Up one, then down the other, just lightly brushing my balls on the way past. I moaned as his wrist knocked against my cock.

Jay stopped what he was doing, and put his finger on my lips. "No no. We've decided that you're the silent party. You don't get to express any opinion here. Now shall I continue?"

I held back a whimper and nodded. And suddenly, Jay was all over my cock. His mouth and both hands were doing everything they could to make me happy. I was happy. I could feel my whole body on fire as he sucked my cock and squeezed my balls. He was very good at this.

I wanted to moan, I wanted to cry out, I wanted to hold him as he blew me. But I was afraid: Afraid he might stop. I held onto the edge of the bed with one hand, and had the other under my ass cheek.

Then the feeling came. I knew I couldn't stop it even if I wanted to. It was a huge load, a huge release. He tried to take it all, but it ended up on his cheek and chin too. When I was done, I just laid there. Jay licked up the bits of jizz that had fallen back onto me.

Then I felt him slowly crawling up my body. As his face got even with mine, he growled, "And now you need to make me happy. I've fulfilled my part of the deal. Are you ready?"

I nodded.

"Good. Get on your hands and knees."

What? He wasn't going to ass-fuck me, was he. I mean, it's one thing to get blown by a guy, but an entirely different thing to get ass-fucked. Despite my worry, I did as I was told.

"Spread your legs wider. Wider. Good."

I felt his cock come in between my thighs. It touched my cock.

"Now close your legs tightly around my cock."

As before, I followed orders.

"Listen bitch. I'm going to fuck your thighs. This should feel good, but if it doesn't, then I'll be forced to fuck your tiny asshole. Do you understand?"

I nodded, and braced myself against the headboard.

And the pounding began. He fucked my thighs hard. I felt his cock hit mine repeatedly, as I got hard again. I felt his body up against my ass. He was climbing me like a dog. It was great.

He was pounding faster, and grunting harder, until he finally howled with his release. I felt his hot liquid hit my cock, my stomach, even my chest, and then he collapsed.

He climbed off me, and looked at the mess as I laid back down on my back. He eyed my hard cock.

"I'm done with you, but you don't seem to be done with me. Here's what I will allow: You can beat off while looking me in the eye, but not until you've lapped up all of that mess I left on you."

I'd never tasted another man's cum before. The newness of it was driving me crazy. Once it was all gone, I started pumping my meat, while staring Jay in the eye.

"You may speak now."

And I whimpered, then moaned, and eventually I screamed.