 For Kavisha

****

CHAPTER ONE

Phillip Wynne stared down at the letter in his hands and tried his best to feel something. Rage, anguish, anything at all.

There was supposed to be grief when someone died, tears and heartfelt eulogies, the cutting pain of loss. Instead, he felt... nothing. Just numbness, an absolute void of emotion. 

That detachment had been with him since he'd gotten the phone call about his Aunt Helen's death from a stroke in the middle of the night. There should have been some kind of mourning, shouldn't there, for the woman who'd raised him? 

She never was very warm. Kisses and hugs were unheard of in the Wynne household. But she'd come to live in his parents' house when they died so he wouldn't have to move, and she had fed and clothed him until he left for college. That counted for something, didn't it? Even if he knew by her own admission that her motivation had been the home and money his parents left behind, not any genuine desire to raise a child.

Phillip thought back on his aunt. Such a prim and proper lady. Never one for emotional displays, except for that one day when he was seven and she'd completely lost her temper for the first and last time. But that instance had been more than enough to leave him grateful for her typical restraint.

Eleven years he'd shared that house with her. Not a home. The place his parents had filled with love and joy no longer existed when she came to live there. It might as well have been a barren, arctic wasteland for all its lack of warmth. How could he miss her now, mourn her now, when she'd never been anything but distant and cold?

And then there was the letter Helen's lawyer had presented Phillip at the reading of her will, saying Helen had given it to him the year before when her health started failing. Phillip read it ten times and still it barely made sense. Aunt Helen apologizing, telling him to be who he was, saying that after a lifetime of ignorance, she finally understood?

But it was what she claimed to understand that twisted his stomach into knots. He thought he'd hidden those feelings so well, buried them deep in the darkest fathoms of his heart. And he'd locked them up tight, behind deadbolts and chains and solid metal doors. How could she have known, from an innocent little kiss, what Phillip himself hadn't figured out for years afterward? What he'd spent more than a decade trying to deny. 

The creak of the front gate opening drew Phillip from his thoughts. He shoved the letter into his pocket and straightened up on the porch swing as footsteps moved toward him along the path that led to the house.

A moment later he saw the face of the person he didn't want to admit he was desperate to see... and the smile that seeped into his soul and filled its every ache and hollow.

Ryan. His best friend since childhood. Vibrant, joyous, beautiful Ryan, who'd been the one happy constant in Phillip's life for years. And also the one person who caused him the most confusion.

"Hey," Ryan said as he came up the steps onto the porch. "How are you? I thought maybe you could use some company."

Phillip forced himself to smile. After days of pervasive numbness, the expression felt foreign, tentative, like taking a first step and hoping not to fall. He scooted over on the swing to make room for his friend. "Hey."

Ryan settled beside him directly in the space Phillip had vacated and in the ray of sunshine that had been keeping him warm. The light settled over Ryan's dark brown hair, gilding it with gold. His whiskey-colored eyes made Phillip temporarily forget about his aunt and the letter and the house he now owned but wasn't sure what to do with. Those things were as insignificant as dust motes compared to the heat that bloomed in Phillip's belly as Ryan's gaze caught his and held it.

"Are you okay?" Ryan asked.

Phillip shrugged and finally tore his gaze away. Instead of Ryan's face, he focused on his own hands, which were gripped tightly together between his knees, the knuckles paper white. "I don't know. It's weird. I'm not sure how I should feel." 

Ryan didn't ask him what he meant. He knew Helen and Phillip hadn't spoken in years. He also knew the way things were for Phillip growing up. They hadn't hung out at Phillip's place very often, not when Ryan's family was everything Phillip missed about his own. Only the sanctuary of the Kellerman house had gotten him through his high school years without him ending up on the street or in juvie. He'd wished a thousand times he could have called them Mom and Dad and lived with them instead of Helen. Phillip had never quite understood why she accepted the responsibility of raising him when she seemed to resent his very presence. Money really was the best motivator of all, he supposed.

A hand appeared in Phillip's line of sight as Ryan reached over to touch his forearm. "Do you want to talk?"

Phillip couldn't speak for a moment, his eyes fixated on Ryan's long, slender fingers. Ryan's hands were elegant and soft, so different from his own, which were rough and tanned from working in construction to earn extra money every summer between school years.

For a second, Phillip desperately wanted to cover Ryan's hand with his own, see the contrast of Ryan's pale to his dark as their fingers intertwined. Instead, he closed his eyes and tried to pretend that light touch didn't affect him the way it did. That the contact meant nothing more to him than it would to any other man being comforted by a friend.

"P.J.?"

Phillip started at the nickname. Ryan hadn't called him that in years. "I'm okay," he answered. "There's nothing to say." Not about his aunt...and certainly not about the feelings he'd ignored for so long, the attraction he'd felt for no other man but Ryan. No, there was nothing at all to be said about that. 

****

Ryan held back a sigh as he watched his best friend's expression shut down. He wished he could offer more comfort than a dispassionate touch on the arm. Phillip needed affection so desperately. Ryan could almost hear his friend's body begging for closeness, for hugs and pats on the back and the careless hair ruffles so many people unthinkingly doled out over the course of a day. Ryan himself never thought twice about showing physical affection to his loved ones. But he was more than aware Phillip had received very little of that from the woman who raised him.

It hurt Ryan that Phillip never reached out, never once tried to initiate the contact he so obviously craved. Not since they were children. Not since the memory Ryan held dearest of all, the kiss they'd shared so many years ago after Phillip defended him from the neighborhood bully. 

He still remembered everything about that moment, clinging to Phillip's backpack as the older boy tilted up his chin. There had been nothing sexual about it, just pureness, sweetness, the simple act of one friend providing solace to another. Yet, no kiss Ryan experienced in the years since could compare to it.

No one could compare to Phillip. Because Ryan was hopelessly, irrevocably in love with his best friend. Always had been. Always would be. That was the reason he rarely dated. Why he'd never shared his apartment with anyone, never let anyone get close enough for feelings to develop when there was no way he could reciprocate them. It wouldn't have been fair. His heart was owned so thoroughly there could never be room for anyone else. And he would have given everything he had for his body to be possessed the same way.

But Phillip was out of his reach. Straight as the day was long and so tightly wound after the upbringing he'd had. Momentous as that kiss had been for Ryan, he doubted Phillip even remembered it. 

Ryan could have happily spent a lifetime reminding him, but those thoughts weren't appropriate for the moment they were having now. Problem was, Ryan didn't know how to give Phillip the comfort he clearly needed. Not without crossing the invisible line that had been drawn between them so many years ago.

"It might help if you talked." He squeezed Phillip's arm lightly before withdrawing his hand. "I know there wasn't really any love lost between you two, but she was your aunt. If you need to get anything off your chest, you know I'm here."

Phillip nodded jerkily but said nothing. Ryan shoved his hands under his knees to stop himself from reaching out, grabbing Phillip's nape, and yanking him close. He wanted to press his lips to Phillip's temple, nuzzle a kiss into his closely shorn hair, and just hold him tight. Hold him until the storm clouds cleared from Phillip's blue eyes and he could see them as they might have been— if Phillip's parents hadn't died, if there had been someone else to raise him aside from Helen.

How different would Phillip have been? Would he have been playful? Someone who smiled and laughed as easily as breathing? Someone who'd have the courage to kiss Ryan again, now that they were grown, and see where it might lead?

But if wishes were dollars, Ryan would be a rich man. And if he had possessed the power to return Phillip's parents to him, he'd have done so even knowing he and Phillip could never be anything more than friends. That was how love worked. Ryan would gladly place Phillip's needs above his own anytime if it meant seeing his best friend happy. 

He stared at Phillip's profile, watching his jaw work, seeing the tension that made Phillip grind his teeth together.

"I love you," Ryan said, only realizing he'd spoken aloud when Phillip's shocked blue gaze snapped to his face.

Long moments passed as they stared at one another, Phillip's mouth hanging open, Ryan wishing he could press rewind and shove the words back down his throat. They'd been friends for over twenty years, but they'd never once exchanged that phrase. Ryan knew he should have played it cool, maybe tossed in a casual "you're my best bud, man, of course I love you" but he couldn't bring himself to deny the words for what they were.

Abruptly, Phillip looked away. "I think you should go." His voice was soft, if not exactly even. Still, the sentence hit Ryan with the weight of an anvil being dropped on his head.

He flinched back, the chains of the swing rattling at the movement. Pain burst to life in his chest, cutting and sharp, stealing his breath. Of all the ways he'd envisioned Phillip reacting if he ever dug up enough courage to say those words, he'd never imagined being told to leave. Maybe his dreams of Phillip sweeping him up and carrying him off to bed in a swirl of reckless passion had been a little daytime soap. At the very least he'd expected a gently put, "I love you too, man, but only as a friend." At most, he'd wanted...well, everything. A repeat of that kiss, a hand under his chin, a moment so pure and loving it made him weep.

Instead what he got was silence and Phillip studiously avoiding his eyes. "P.J.?"

"Please. Just go."

Ryan stood and turned away before he let himself say anything else, before he could break off another piece of his own heart and stomp it to the ground.

He'd known— he'd known— thoughts of love and romance had no real place in the moment they were sharing. His desire to soothe, to comfort Phillip in any way he knew how, had overridden his caution and good judgment. Now he would pay for the lapse.

Ryan's eyes burned as he quickly descended the porch steps. He sped down the pathway that led to the front gate, through the lush garden Helen had toiled in for hundreds of hours, the only thing she'd ever shown any true affection. He didn't see the beauty of it then. All he saw was a blur of colors, the world obscured by the moisture in his eyes, as he fled from the man who he'd loved since he was six. The man who he knew would never love him back.

****

For a long time after Ryan left, Phillip stayed there on that swing, absolutely still and staring at nothing, while inside his emotions raged. He'd made a mistake by sending Ryan away. He knew that. Remembering the flash of hurt in Ryan's eyes sucked the air right from his lungs, leaving him breathless, his chest tight. Ryan had come to his house in a show of solidarity, offering support when Phillip would have otherwise been alone. And Phillip had rewarded Ryan's kindness with little more than silence, and at the end, maybe even cruelty.

But how could he guess those words were coming or the rush of sweet, hot pleasure they would leave in their wake? Phillip knew the instant Ryan said "I love you," he hadn't meant it in a friendly way. Ryan spoke those words as a lover would, and frankly, that scared the ever living hell out of Phillip.

Temptation was a lot easier to resist when he could pretend his interest in Ryan was one-sided— even if he recognized the denial for what it was. Phillip had known about Ryan's feelings since high school. That knowledge had sent him running off to a college downstate after his graduation, leaving Ryan behind to finish his senior year before he came and joined Phillip on campus. Phillip had hoped that during the months of separation, the feelings, attraction, whatever between them would fade on both sides. Hadn't happened. Might never happen. But Phillip had made excuses, hundreds of them, attributing the feelings to confusion brought about by the closeness of their friendship. There couldn't be any other explanation. Not one that made sense. Phillip had never felt even the tiniest flicker of attraction to another man over the years. Just Ryan. Only Ryan.

But that meant he wasn't gay, didn't it? Wouldn't he have been physically drawn to other men if that were the case? Sexual attraction couldn't be restricted to one particular person... could it?

Phillip groaned and buried his face in his palms, no closer to answers, his heart aching. He should go inside. A chill evening wind had already chased away the last of the day's warmth, stirring the branches on the trees and making his skin prickle into gooseflesh. 

He couldn't move. He thought of Ryan's face, that crumbling expression, of his aunt's stupid letter and the offering of postmortem acceptance, the urging to "be himself." What good did that do him now after years of deafening silences and frigid disapproval, of vicious comments about Ryan, who'd come out of the closet loud and proud shortly before his sixteenth birthday? Always "that Kellerman boy" and never Ryan's first name. Censorious looks and whispers of, "Don't let that boy touch you; he might get the wrong idea."

Were these words of apology supposed to wipe out years of criticism? Take away the memory of that day she'd grabbed his arms and dug her nails into his skin, shaking him so hard he'd bitten through a part of his tongue? Erase the fear he'd felt when she locked him in a dark closet afterward and left him there for hours?

All because of one tiny kiss, innocent and sweet.

But those sorts of things didn't belong in the world of Helen Wynne, not between two boys, no matter how harmless. And, though that was the only time he'd ever seen her lose her temper, the aftereffects had colored everything in his life to this day. Had left him so stunted he couldn't hold on to his fiancée , who'd called off their engagement two years prior, claiming she couldn't cope with his "emotional unavailability."

Becky had been the only person in his life to even come close to what he felt for Ryan, who he'd thought he might have a real chance of being happy with. And in the time since they'd split up, she'd married someone else.

"Fuck!" The word burst from Phillip's mouth, fueled by a rage that propelled him to his feet.

He ripped Helen's letter from his pocket and tore it to shreds.

****

CHAPTER TWO

Ryan indulged in a pity-fest for exactly twenty-four hours. He turned off his phone, carb-binged, and generally allowed himself to feel like crap because he needed the catharsis. Needed to take the pain, the anger, the embarrassment and just release them all into the atmosphere, let them dissipate and drift away like candle smoke.

Then, abruptly, he came to a decision.

He couldn't let Phillip go that easily. Not without knowing, beyond a shadow of a doubt, his feelings weren't returned. He'd loved Phillip for too long. Ryan couldn't remember a time when he hadn't been in love with his best friend. From solemn little boy to surly, rebellious teen to the quiet, steady man Phillip had become, Ryan loved him. And he thought, despite Phillip's actions the day before and the distance he'd put between them since high school, there might be something there. Potential. The possibility for something more. 

Ryan didn't know if he was projecting. Fooling himself. But if there was even the slightest chance, the tiniest and most microscopic of maybes, didn't he owe it to them both to see what that potential might become? To see if a blind leap of faith could bring them both what they so desperately needed? Affection, love, and warmth for Phillip. And for Ryan... the deliverance of every wish he'd ever made since he knew what wishing was.

Decided, Ryan dressed and went about his workday as if he hadn't just made a momentous, life-altering decision. Because one way or another— whether he gained Phillip as a lover or lost him as a friend— things would change. Ryan couldn't delude himself into thinking any other way. He knew his plans might blow up in his face. But would those plans be worth the risk? Hell yes. Any path that potentially ended with Phillip in his arms would be.

But Ryan forced those thoughts from his mind for the time being. He had accounts to manage and he couldn't afford to be distracted while crunching numbers. As often as people dismissed him for his flamboyance and playful nature, Ryan took his job seriously. He'd majored in accounting for love of math and formulas, and he was good at what he did. Over the years, he'd built up a client list large enough to leave the firm he worked for and branch off on his own. He opened an office in one of the restored Victorian buildings downtown, rented the two-bedroom apartment directly above it, and there he'd been ever since.

He considered himself lucky to be so close to his parents, yet grateful to have his own space. He was twenty-six, after all, and while he liked being nearby, living with them again wasn't an option. Their house was only five minutes away though, and Phillip's a bit farther up that same block. Not that he'd resided there since he left for college. Phillip lived and taught in a town about half an hour north, close enough to commute if he chose to keep the house. 

Ryan hoped Phillip would give up his apartment and choose to stay in town, but he hadn't broached the subject. Everything was too new, Helen gone not even a week. If Phillip had decided already, Ryan would be surprised. There were bad memories in that house. Ryan knew that much. But it was also the house Phillip's parents purchased shortly after getting married, their dream home according to the journal Phillip's mother had left behind. Ryan couldn't imagine it would be easy for Phillip to let something like that go.

Again, he shook away thoughts of his best friend and forced his attention back on his work. The good thing about being his own boss was being able to close up early, and he chose to do so that day. He locked the doors at three instead of five and headed up to his apartment for a quick shower and change. 

Afterward, he drove straight to Phillip's house without calling first, a habit left over from childhood and his teenage years. He'd fallen out of the practice once he finished college, but this time Ryan didn't want to give Phillip the chance to panic and run off before they could talk. And they had to talk. It was vital. Ryan's entire plan hinged on the one thing that could be so very difficult for men, and in fact, people in general: communication.
