 COUSIN RONNIE ARRIVES

Last week had been quite a week for Bobby when he lost his virginity and learned about the pleasures of gay sex. The experience he had with Sandy and Dr. Vogel changed his life forever. Now that he had experienced gay sex he was determined to meet other gays and continue his new found life style. Bobby would be starting his job that coming Thursday with orientation and then he would be scheduled to work the busiest times of the week. However first things first and he was looking forward to his cousin's arrival that Monday.

Bobby had spent Saturday and Sunday evenings in his bed masturbating as he recalled the events with Sandy and Jeff. Bobby closed his eyes and jerked off with one hand as he fingered his asshole with the other. Bobby's ass had loosened up to where he could now put two fingers in his asshole. He would shoot in buckets as usual and would cover himself with cum from head to pubes. Bobby would jerk off two or three times each night fantasizing about Sandy and Jeff.

That Monday afternoon cousin Ronnie arrived and he was going to stay at Bobby's house for two weeks. Ronnie's parents were going on a 10 day cruise and Bobby's parents had offered to let Ronnie stay at the house. Ronnie looked good when he arrived and bobby sized him up and down as he never had before. Ronnie also 18 years of age had light brown hair, blue eyes and stood at about 5'6". Ronnie had a slender figure that seemed very effeminate to Bobby. Bobby noticed that Ronnie had no hair on his legs and that his shorts fit very snug around his tight shapely ass. Bobby felt his cock surge as he looked at Ronnie's curvy ass.

Bobby showed Ronnie to his room as they would be sharing the bedroom. Bobby had two twin beds in his room as he had had friends sleep over in the past. The third bedroom was currently being used as Bobby's mother's sewing room and she did not want it disturbed. Ronnie unpacked his suitcase and then Bobby showed him around town until dinner time. After dinner and some family chit chat, Bobby and Ronnie went up to the bedroom. They talked some more and watched some TV until it was time for lights out.

Bobby had trouble sleeping and he started to play with himself. He was quiet and tried to be discreet as he slowly jerked off. His eyes were open and he had adjusted to the room it only by the night light. Bobby swore that he could see Ronnie's covers moving. He listened intently and then he heard the familiar sound of a hand brushing against the sheet. Bobby continued to look and listen and then he was convinced that Ronnie was jerking off.

"Holy shit!" he thought to himself, "He's jerking off."

Bobby eased his body out of bed and his own big erect cock bobbed in front of him as he walked over to Ronnie's bed. Ronnie was on his side with his back to Bobby and he was so involved with his masturbation that he never saw or heard Bobby approach the bed. Bobby took a hold of the bed covers and with one quick movement he yanked them off of Ronnie's body. Ronnie was startled as Bobby caught him with his shorts down to his knees and his hand wrapped around his erect cock. Bobby smiled at his cousin and looked at his cousin's hard cock. Bobby guessed his cousin's cock to be just about 6+ inches. Bobby then reached for his cousin's cock and Ronnie freaked out.

"Christ Bobby what are you doing?" Ronnie gasped.

"Let me jerk you off. I know you want to get and it feels so much better when someone else does it for you," Bobby whispered.

"I've never done this Bobby," Ronnie whispered back. Ronnie wondered how Bobby knew what it felt like to have someone else's hand on his cock.

"Just relax and go with the flow," Bobby whispered in reply.

Then Bobby got in bed with his cousin and snuggled up to him as he reached around and took a hold of Ronnie's cock. Ronnie felt as if a lightening bolt passed through his body when he felt his cousin's naked body against his own. Ronnie cooed as a strange hand enveloped his cock. Bobby then began to slowly stroke his cousin's cock. Bobby's own cock was still rock hard and he pressed it into his cousin's buttocks. Bobby maneuvered his cock so that it rested between Ronnie's ass cheeks and then he began to move as if he was fucking Ronnie. All the while Bobby continued to jerk off Ronnie's cock. Ronnie lay frozen as his cousin's large cock nestled between Ronnie's buttocks. He couldn't believe how big Bobby's cock was but then he had never felt one other than his own.

Ronnie started to feel his orgasm building and he agreed that Bobby was right; it did feel better to have someone else jerking on his cock. Ronnie's body stiffened and then he released a torrent of cum. It shot out of his cock and hit his chest and abs as well as dousing the bed sheets. Bobby kept jerking his cousin's cock until every drop of semen was squeezed from Ronnie's shaft. Bobby was still moving his hips and his cock slid between Ronnie's butt cheeks. Ronnie was impressed with the size of Bobby's cock and he was surprised how good it felt sliding between the cheeks of his ass. Ronnie had relaxed now and he awaited his cousin's ejaculation.

Bobby's body went rigid as he ejaculated and Ronnie felt the cock throb and pulsate in the crack of his ass. Then Ronnie felt the warm cum hit the back of his body as it shot out of Bobby's cock. Bobby's cumming seemed endless and Ronnie was covered in cum. Both of them stayed hard in spite of their intense orgasms and then Bobby turned Ronnie toward him. Bobby reached down between them and he took both cocks in his hand and jerked them off together. When Bobby was satisfied that Ronnie was close to cumming again, Bobby rolled over on his side and guided Ronnie's cock between his buttocks.

Ronnie loved the feel of his cock between Bobby's ass cheeks as their bodies pressed together. Bobby then guided Ronnie's hand so that Ronnie could grasped Bobby's cock. Ronnie slid his cock between Bobby's buns as he jerked Bobby off. Both of them came again and this time Ronnie's cum splattered on Bobby's back. Remarkably the two of them remained hard and they gave each other a hand job until they ejaculated for third time that night.

Bobby whispered to his cousin, "That's enough for tonight I have a lot more to show you tomorrow." 

Bobby then made his way back to his own bed and shortly thereafter they both fell asleep. Ronnie dozed off in the cum soaked bed thinking about what Bobby had done to him and what bobby had said about tomorrow. Ronnie wondered what else Bobby was going to teach him.

RONNIE LEARNS MORE

Bobby got out of bed first and went in to take his shower. When he finished showering he was drying off when he stared at his cousin Ronnie standing at the sink naked brushing his teeth. Bobby looked at his cousin's well toned body and his round shapely ass. Ronnie like Bobby was tanned golden brown except for their asses and pubes. They had tan lines that actually accentuated their curvy asses against the tanned bodies. Bobby felt that familiar stirring in his loins. Bobby's parents had already left for work so Bobby knew that he and Ronnie were alone in the house. Ronnie noticed Bobby's naked body and he felt chills run through his body as he thought about what they did last night. Ronnie was embarrassed but excited at the same time as he wondered what would happen next. Ronnie didn't have to wait long to find out.

Bobby was the more assertive of the two so it was natural for him to make the first move. He hung up the towel and stepped from the shower. Instead of moving to his own sink he moved behind his cousin. Bobby let his hand graze over Ronnie's shapely buttock. Bobby felt a sensation move through his body like an electric charge and his cock became erect at the touch of his cousin's ass. Ronnie's buttocks tightened at the touch as he too felt electricity run through his body. Bobby caressed Ronnie's ass again and Ronnie's cock sprung to attention.

Bobby stepped up close to his cousin and wrapped his arms around his chest and nuzzled his neck. Ronnie felt Bobby's erect cock pressed against his ass and he sighed deeply. Bobby's hands moved down Ronnie's chest over his abs and covered his pubes. Bobby took Ronnie's cock in one hand and cupped Ronnie's balls in the other as Bobby's cock nestled in to the crack of Ronnie's ass. Ronnie groaned as Bobby stroked his cock and fondled his testicles.

Bobby then turned Ronnie around to face him and kissed him deeply. As their tongues dueled as they kissed, Bobby reached down and grabbed both their erect cocks in one hand and stroked them together. They stayed like that for several minutes until Bobby dropped down on his knees and took his cousin's cock in his mouth. For the first time in his life Ronnie had his cock in someone's mouth. Bobby sucked on Ronnie for a short while before he stood up and spoke.

"Do you like that?" Bobby asked.

Ronnie answered with his eyes closed and hissed, "Yesss!" 

"Good, now whatever I do to you, you have to do to me, agreed? Ronnie just nodded his head as he was anxious for Bobby to suck him again.

"Good, now let's go back to bed and we can suck each other," Bobby whispered.

They went back to their room and they both got in Bobby's bed. Bobby showed Ronnie how to move into a 69 position as they lay on their sides. Bobby took Ronnie's cock back into his mouth and Ronnie followed Bobby's lead. The two of them sucked cock and for Ronnie it was his first time. They relished the feeling of the soft mushroom heads in their mouths. They took the cocks as deep in their mouths as they were comfortable with doing as they made love to each other. Bobby grabbed Ronnie's ass cheeks and held them as he sucked Ronnie's cock. Ronnie copied every move that Donny made and soon they were both sucking cock and fondling each other's ass. 

Donny moved a finger between Ronnie's ass cheeks and tickled his anus and again Ronnie did the same thing to his cousin. Ronnie felt a surge pass through his loins and his testicles tightened signaling that he was about to cum. Then he felt his cum travel from his scrotum through his cock and blast into his cousins' mouth. Bobby just held on to Ronnie's ass and swallowed Ronnie's load as it shot into his mouth. Bobby then rubbed his cousin's balls as he drank down every drop of his cousin's cum. Ronnie was in ecstasy as he enjoyed his ejaculation into another boy's mouth for the first time in his life. 

Ronnie had stopped sucking Bobby's cock briefly as he savored the moment of cumming in his cousin's mouth but then at Bobby's urging he resumed sucking Bobby's cock. Bobby shot his load shortly thereafter and flooded Ronnie's mouth with cum. Ronnie did just as his cousin had done and swallowed as fast as he tried to capture every drop of Bobby's cum. However, Ronnie was not prepared for the volume and force of Bobby's ejaculation. He pulled Bobby's cock from his mouth and closed his eyes as Bobby's cum shot all over his face. When Bobby had ceased shooting, Ronnie took Bobby's cock back in his mouth. They continued to hold to each other and suck each other in the 69 position. They were both so turned on that they remained hard. They could have cum again in each other's mouth but Bobby wanted to take it to the next step.

"I want to fuck you Ronnie," Bobby whispered to his cousin, "And then I want you to fuck me."

"I don't know Bobby. I'm scared!" Ronnie rasped.

"There's nothing to be scared about. I've been fucked several times already and I love it. At first it will be a little uncomfortable but then you will really like it," Bobby said trying to put his cousin at ease. 

The two beautiful cousins separated from their 69 position and Bobby told Ronnie to get on all fours. Ronnie did as he was told and positioned himself on all fours. Ronnie was still leery of the anal penetration and he looked back over his shoulder with trepidation at his cousin.

"Don't worry Ronnie people have been doing this for thousands of years. I will grease you up good before I fuck you," Bobby said trying to sound reassuring.

Bobby played with Ronnie's ass a long time as he loved fingering his cousins bung-hole and caressing his shapely ass. Ronnie stayed hard throughout the ass fucking foreplay and at one time he thought that he might cum again. It was just then that Bobby told him to turn over. Ronnie lifted his legs and placed them on Bobby's shoulders as Bobby directed.

"I want to see the expression on your face when I fuck you and take your virginity," Bobby said in a raspy voice.

Bobby placed the head of his cock at Ronnie's ass and pressed forward testing his cousin's asshole. Ronnie could feel the pressure and although it wasn't yet unpleasant, he feared the pain to come. Ronnie's relaxed orgasmic state and his horniness took over and he let Bobby have his way. Bobby added more lubricant to his cock as he pulled back and rubbed the head of his cock around Ronnie's asshole. Every few seconds Bobby would push inside Ronnie and then pull back out stretching him a little wider each time. It was quite a turn-on for Bobby watching his pretty cousin with his beautiful cock between Ronnie's raised and spread legs. Bobby's next thrust was with a purpose and Ronnie felt pain as his cousin's cock pushed passed his sphincter.

"Oh shit that hurts, stop!" Ronnie screamed out. 

"It's natural for it to hurt at first but the pain will go away shortly. Try to relax and don't fight it," Bobby said.

Bobby remained inside him and did not move allowing Ronnie to adjust to his girth. The pain did not go away and Ronnie asked him to pull out for a second and Bobby did. The pain went away but Ronnie felt a void in his ass and his erotic desire took over. Ronnie wrapped his ankles around Bobby's ass and pulled him back. Bobby's cock re-entered Ronnie's ass and pushed passed his sphincter again without as much pain this time. Bobby stopped once again and remained still for a moment and waited for Ronnie's reaction. The feeling of pain was replaced by desire and Ronnie rotated his hips and arched his back to get Bobby further inside him.

Ronnie's body opened up to his cousin and he felt Bobby's cock stretch him open to new dimensions. Bobby's cock slid in and out of Ronnie slowly until he had finally buried all 8+ inches in Ronnie's ass. Ronnie could feel his cousin's balls resting on his ass. Ronnie couldn't believe what a wonderful feeling it was to have Bobby completely inside him. Bobby pulled out a little and then he stopped and pushed back inside. The feeling was fantastic and Ronnie began to rotate his hips again. Then Bobby pulled almost all of the way out and then plunged inside fucking his cousin senseless. Ronnie moaned in response to Bobby's pounding and they began to make love. Bobby leaned over him and Ronnie wrapped his legs around him, hooking his ankles together and they began rocking and moving beautifully together. Ronnie was being fucked for the first time and he loved it.

Bobby was fucking Ronnie hard and fast like he was fucking a girl and he reveled in each thrust. Ronnie looked down and watched his balls and erect cock bounce around as Bobby fucked him. Ronnie soon felt another buildup in his balls. Bobby began to moan louder and louder, and fucked harder and faster. Ronnie felt Bobby's cock swell in his rectum as Bobby rose up on his knees. Ronnie knew that he was close and he began to pump his own cock with his hand. Bobby grunted and Ronnie felt hot cum fill his ass. Ronnie pumped his cock harder in search of his own release. When he came, he shot his own cum all over his chest, abs and pubes. Bobby had filled Ronnie up with his cum but he remained hard and continued to fuck his ass. Bobby pushed his cum around in Ronnie's ass and some of it escaped and wet the bed. Due to Bobby's horniness and his youthful recuperative powers he continued to fuck Ronnie until he came again. Ronnie's asshole was overflowing with cum.

Bobby collapsed on top of his cousin and then they kissed. Bobby lay on top of Ronnie with all of his weight resting on him. Ronnie wrapped his legs around Bobby and he reveled in the feeling of his cousin's big cock growing soft inside him. They stayed in each other's arms for a long time and no words were spoken. They just held each other, kissed and ran their hands over each other. Bobby's cock softened and slipped from Ronnie's ass and it felt like a plug had just been pulled from Ronnie's asshole. Cum ran out of Ronnie's ass onto the bed and he felt the cool air caress his no longer virgin asshole. 

"Ronnie I want you to fuck me now. Would you like to fuck me?" Bobby asked.

"Oh yes!" Ronnie gasped.

Bobby got on all fours and handed his cousin the lube. "Put plenty of that stuff on your cock and in my ass."

Ronnie knelt behind Bobby and he began to caress his cousin's beautiful ass. Ronnie for the first time noticed that Bobby's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. Ronnie couldn't believe how much Bobby looked like a girl from behind with his shapely curvy ass in the air and then Ronnie guessed that he looked the same way. Ronnie put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around Bobby's bung hole. Then Ronnie inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Bobby for his cock. As he sawed his fingers in and out of Bobby's anus Ronnie was getting turned on by the thought of burying his cock in his cousin's shapely ass. He moved closer to Bobby and lined up the head of his cock with Bobby's anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 

Ronnie spat on his hand and rubbed his saliva all over his cock which made it very slick when combined with the lotion. Ronnie's cock head cleared Bobby's sphincter and it slid right in without resistance. Bobby's ass chute was warm and tight as Ronnie went deep into him. Ronnie was all the way in Bobby's ass and he started a slow fucking motion. Ronnie continued to pump Bobby's ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as he caressed his cousin's smooth round ass. 

Bobby asked Ronnie to fuck him harder and quicker. So Ronnie picked up the pace and he started pounding Bobby's ass faster and faster. Ronnie's balls started bouncing off of his cousin's balls and Bobby was moaning with each thrust of cock. Ronnie could feel his climax building and he knew that any moment he would shoot his seed into Bobby's ass. Ronnie tried to make it last as long as possible but once Bobby started to contract his anal muscles Ronnie lost it.

Ronnie fired a barrage of cum in his cousin's ass filling it to overflowing. As he continued to fuck Bobby, Ronnie's jizm backed up in his cousin's rectum and began to ooze out flowing over their balls. Bobby used his talented anal muscles to milk Ronnie's cock and drain it of all his seed. Ronnie didn't think that his cock would ever be soft again as he remained hard in Bobby's tight sheath. Bobby's milking action weakened him and Ronnie collapsed on top of Bobby's body. Bobby flattened out on the bed with Ronnie on top and his cock still in his cousin's ass. Ronnie rolled off of him and his hard cock slipped from Bobby's ass. Bobby rolled to his back and spread his legs lifting his knees to his chest.

"Fuck me again," he commanded.

Ronnie moved between Bobby's legs in the missionary and lined up his still erect cock with his cousin's asshole. Bobby was also as hard as a rock and his beautiful cock pointed toward his head. Ronnie pressed slightly forward and his cock moved into his cousin's hot ass. Bobby's ass actually pulled Ronnie inside and his cock went all the way in Bobby's asshole as Ronnie's balls rested on his cousin's ass.

"God, that feels so good, love me, fuck me," Bobby cried out.

His ass was in the air and Ronnie's cock was fully embedded in it. Ronnie pulled back a little and pushed forward. Bobby groaned as Ronnie began to slowly fuck him. Each time Ronnie would start taking longer strokes. Ronnie's cock head was soon at the edge of his cousin's asshole before he pushed it back into him. Their fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time Ronnie's balls slammed against his cousin's ass, his body and Bobby's ass made a wet slapping sound. 
