 Luke licked his lips as he stared at Rex's cock, slowly sliding in and out of Rex's fist. With the tour finally over and the gravity of where he was sinking in, he could finally fully focus on the horse cock hanging between Rex's legs.

It was long and thick. By Luke's estimate it had to be at least eight inches, if not longer, with a slight upward curve. It was beer can thick, and as Luke eyed the throbbing veins underneath the tumescent skin he shuddered as a wave of arousal crashed through him. His own cock, not too much smaller, twitched as he stared at Rex, eyes locked on his, as Rex tossed his head again for Luke to join him on the bed. 

Luke didn't need to be told twice, clambering onto the bed and stretching his muscled body next to Rex's, starting to stroke his own cock. Rex picked up a remote on the nightstand next to the bed and pressed a couple buttons. The white text flashed back on the screen.

HEY, HIMBRO.

Rex and Luke both gave acknowledging hand signals with their free hands.

YOU LIKE THE HOUSE?

Luke nodded and Rex's grin grew wider as he let out a soft moan, his hand massaging his cock.

KNEW YOU WOULD. I BET YOU'RE PRETTY HORNY TOO.

Luke nodded. Rex's eyes were closed, but Luke couldn't tear his eyes away from the screen.

GOOD HIMBRO. STROKE THAT COCK.

On the screen pictures of fitness models and bodybuilders started appearing in rapid succession. Short video clips of flexing biceps and feathered quads filled the screen, with the white words still overlaying the images. Luke's hand started moving quicker.

YOU ALWAYS JACKED TO THESE FLEXING VIDEOS, DIDN'T YOU HIMBRO?

Luke nodded, moaning softly, seeing several clips from his favorites tab popping up underneath the script.

YOU WANTED TO BE JUST LIKE THOSE GUYS. A HAPPY, DUMB, HORNY HIMBRO.

Luke let out a breathy "uh-huh."

AND NOW YOU ARE. AND GUYS WITH MUSCLES LIKE YOURS LOVE SHOWING THEM OFF.

Luke nodded again. He faintly heard Rex groan beside him.

SHOW OFF NOW, HIMBRO.

Luke reluctantly took his hand off his cock to pull into a double bicep pose, feeling stronger than he'd felt in awhile. He felt a hand close over his cock and stroke him, and he knew Rex was taking over the job.

FUCKING HUGE, BRO.

He felt a strange sensation on his biceps and tore his gaze away from the screen to see Rex licking his flexed arm. He squeezed the bicep harder, earning a moan from Rex.

"Fucking massive, dude," Rex murmured into Luke's skin, his tongue mapping out the veins that now stood in sharp relief on his bicep.

"You like that brah?" Luke grinned and pushed his arm into Rex's tongue. Rex simply moaned and nodded. The screen changed again.

THIS IS YOUR LIFE NOW. NOTHING IN YOUR HEAD BUT MUSCLE AND SEX.

"Cap on," Luke said, and Rex joined him for "brain down, cock up." He reached out and started stroking Rex's cock.

YOU'RE STROKING YOUR BIG HIMBRO COCK, AREN'T YOU DUDE?

Luke nodded. 

BUT THATS NOT ENOUGH, IS IT? NOT FOR A MUSCLE STUD LIKE YOU.

Luke nodded again, moaning as he chuckled openmouthed.

YOU WANT COCK, HIMBRO.

Luke let out a low groaned "yeah..." And with that Rex laid down horizontally in front of the TV, motioning for Luke to do the same in the opposite direction. Luke's eyes were still locked on the screen.

PLEASE YOUR BRO.

As the words registered in his mind, Luke was aware of a warm velvety feeling around his cock, all the way to the hilt. He realized Rex was deep throating him and he started plunging Rex's cock down his own throat with abandon. Their moans mingled with the throbbing, pulsing beat that was now piping through the speakers.

YEAH, SUCK THAT HIMBRO COCK.

Luke grazed his fingers under Rex's testicles and swirled his tongue around Rex's cockhead. Rex moaned and picked up the pace.

The visuals on the screen changed. No longer were they flexing muscle models, now they were porn stars sucking dick. Luke did his best to mimic the enthusiasm of the guys onscreen. As he sucked with more vigor, he felt Rex's finger start circling his virgin hole. Instead of the normal trepidation, he found himself pushing back against it, his mind clouded by lust and weed. Rex's finger started filling his ass, and he groaned around the cock in his mouth at the unfamiliar sensation.

FEELS GOOD, DOESN'T IT BRO?

Luke moaned out "oh fuck yes," before diving back into Rex's cock. Dimly he felt his hands running over Rex's legs, the muscle hardening under his touch. Rex got on his knees and swiveled Luke to where he was still facing the screen.

THERES A YELLOW BOTTLE NEXT TO YOU. HOLD IT TO YOUR NOSE AND BREATHE IN FOR FIVE SECONDS IN EACH NOSTRIL.

Rex had already placed the bottle of poppers in Luke's hand, and he unscrewed the bottle and took a deep breath, holding one nostril closed while the screen counted down from 10 to 0. The word HOLD appeared on the screen, staying for what seemed like forever before LET IT OUT popped up. Luke let out his breath, the poppers going to his head in a rush of warmth. He could feel his eyes rolling back in his head as he let out a long, low groan. Dimly he registered his legs being spread apart, and he soon felt a hot wet tongue lapping at his hole. 

Luke groaned as he felt Rex's broad cannonball shoulders push his legs apart, Rex diving into Luke's ass like a man possessed. His moans grew louder; he didn't care who could hear him at this point.

FLEX, HIMBRO.

Luke raised his arm into a bicep flex again; and watching his arm bunch and squeeze again was even more erotic than before. He snaked out his tongue and licked his own bicep, moaning at the power underneath. He was so focused on the flex and the screen that he didn't notice Rex was kneeling over him, stroking his own cock and watching Luke worship his own muscle. All Luke heard was a growled "Fuck yeah, you fucking beast."

YOU NEED TO GET LAID, HIMBRO.

Luke nodded as the screen changed again, this time to full on fucking. 

TAKE ANOTHER HIT OF POPPERS.

Luke did just that as Rex lubed up his cock, shrugging each of Luke's legs over his shoulders as he positioned himself against Luke's muscular ass. 

Rex grunted, "You ready to get pounded, brah?" Luke looked at him and nodded, bracing himself for the invasion.

The poppers made it easier, but Luke still had to grit his teeth as Rex's dick slipped past the first ring and started sliding into his virgin hole. It felt like he was being split in two. Rex paused, waiting for Luke to relax as his fingers clawed at the bedspread.

Finally Luke made eye contact with Rex and nodded, allowing Rex to slowly slide out and push back in. He could feel his tongue lolling out of his mouth as Rex started slowly picking up the pace, his cock hardening at the sensation. 

Luke started moaning continuously as he felt Rex start fucking him. "Ahhh..." he felt like it was being torn out of him as he saw Rex's abs flex with every thrust in. His head, being pushed forward with every thrust, soon hung over the edge of the mattress. Rex realized this and repositioned Luke to where Luke's line of sight had him watching the TV again. A muscular guy in a jockstrap was getting pounded doggy style under the script TAKE IT ALL.

Luke felt himself relax further as his hard cock slapped against his abs, painting them in precum. 

Rex picked up his pace, his shoulders and arms flexing with the effort. "You like that big himbro cock in your ass, Tank?" 

Luke moaned as he felt the pleasure of his new name being used. "FUCK yes, Rex! Pound that jock hole!" He felt a hidden button inside him start to be rammed by Rex's cock, every time, and his cock throbbed every time Rex's tool scraped across it. He let out a lusty moan.

"Nothing else matters." Rex grinned, the sweat slicking up his muscles as he grabbed Luke's hips to pound him harder. "Just that," he looked down at Luke's hard cock slapping against his abs, "and these." With that Rex bounced his pecs, watching Luke fix his glazed eyes on the rolling muscle. 

"FuuuuUUUUUCK," Luke moaned as he wrapped his legs around Rex's impossibly small waist. "That's it, fuck you're a god!"

Rex leaned over Luke to pound him harder, his sweat dripping from the tuft of hair under his baseball cap to fall on Luke's chest. "Say it again." 

Luke locked eyes with him, the smell of sex and sweat mingling with the poppers in his nose, breathing ragged, lost in the fuck. He barely gasped out, battered by sensation, "You're a fucking god."

Rex grunted bucked his hips erratically into Luke even harder, groaning out a "Fuck yeah." 

Luke could tell he was about to cum and yelled out, "Fill my ass, himbro. Make me yours." He was sure the whole city could hear him at this point but they needed to know he was a slut. A big, dumb, muscle slut.

Rex roared and Luke felt the odd sensation of his cock pulsing inside his ass. He knew Rex was shooting his load in his guts and he was strangely proud of that. As Rex announced his orgasm to the world, Luke felt his body humming with the sensation of having just been fucked within an inch of his life. Rex pulled out after a few infinitely long moments and collapsed on the mattress next to Luke, breathing hard, before laughing that dumb laugh.

Luke started laughing too. "Wow." It was all he could say.

Rex winked. "We know what we're doing around here." Luke nodded, unable to find the words to agree. 

Rex looked down and grasped Luke's cock gently. "You still didn't finish," he pointed out as he slowly stroked Luke's big dick. 

Luke moaned again, gasping for air as the feeling swept through him. "I didn't..." Rex nodded, then let go as he pushed himself up to a plank position, his knees squared under his hips.

"If you think you're finishing anywhere but inside me, you're even dumber than you're supposed to be."

Luke grinned and mounted Rex as he took two big hits of poppers, and his cock slid in with relative ease. He started pounding Rex's ass, but soon found Rex was meeting his thrusts shot for shot.

"Yeah, himbro, pound that ass," Luke heard Rex growl out, and he grabbed Rex's hips to jackhammer into him with all his power. Rex moaned, his head jerking up with the force of the fuck, as Luke took control for several minutes.

Quicker than he wanted it to, Luke felt his orgasm rising. "Bro..." he heard himself say. 

Rex turned around and grinned. "Come on, Tank. Pump that load into me."

Luke felt like his entire body was on fire as he used the last of his energy to shove his cock into Rex and blow his load. He swore he almost blacked out as Rex clamped his ass down around his pulsing cock, feeling his load splash into Rex's insides.

"Yeah," Rex moaned as he felt Luke cum. "That's it. That's my fuckin himbro." 

Luke carefully pulled out and collapsed next to Rex, both of them panting, their taut bodies slicked with sweat and cum.

A few minutes passed, neither of them daring to say anything, before they both heard a familiar "ding." They turned back to look at the screen in time to see the words, "SESSION TWO COMPLETE."

Luke broke into a smile. "Damn... I could get used to this."

Rex just grinned and nodded. As he slapped the remote down on the nightstand by the poppers, he braced himself with the other arm to stand up. Finding his balance on wobbly legs, he turned to Luke.

"I know we just got a workout in, but I feel like hitting the gym." Luke nodded in agreement and made his way off the bed and to the door. As he and Rex left the room and headed down the stairs, they heard a familiar "ding" from the TV room. Luke's brow furrowed.

"What the fuck?" He turned to Rex, who shrugged. They turned the corner and peered into the TV room. Looking inside, Luke couldn't see anything except the words on the screen. They looked familiar, but not identical to the ones at the end of his first session. Turning his gaze downward, he saw a mop of platinum blonde hair. Rex spoke before Luke realized.

"Wait... isn't that...?"

Luke said one word as the head on the couch turned their direction, those big blue eyes locking with his. One word that sent a rush of blood straight to his cock as he remembered those blue eyes rolling back in pleasure.

"Adam."