 I had moved out of Colorado and later met a wonderful woman, married her, and ended up in a remote part of California.

And though she is always willing to jump into bed at almost any time and take care of my sexual needs I still get a bad urge for cock ever so often.

I am a long ways for any kind of spa or ABS or any place to meet other men to play with and in that way I missed Denver. There isn't any bath house spa close to me.

I hadn't been to the Denver Midtowne spa since about 2004 and maybe before but, a funeral of an old friend sent me to Denver and my wife busy with other obligations could not go. I took my opportunity.

I landed at Denver International early and got to the rent a car desk and pulled into the Midtowne's parking lot about 3 p.m. The building looked the same on the outside and it was still the same small entrance room with heavy glass protecting the clerk.

The clerk asked if I had ever been there before. I told him yeah, almost 20 years and forty pounds lighter ago. I paid and got my towel and key.

Yes, the place looked like it had gone through a remodel or two. Gone were the large erotic drawings that had been on the walls before and the place was darker. Black paint and red lights seems to be the theme of the place now. What the hell Midtowne?

Got my locker and stripped while several younger men came through. I did realize that the years, injuries, surgeries and easy job had done their damage to me; I was a troll now. I was hoping maybe some of the young guys might be into old fat men or meet up with several guys like myself.

Took a lap just to see how things had changed. Glad to see some of the rooms that had windows were still there and sadly were unoccupied. Damn, always wanted to watch some guys go at it in plain view or even be invited in.

Those were the only ones that had open doors. All the other doors were closed, well there were a lot of cars in the lot and on the street so maybe lot of guys getting it on in the rooms.

Nobody tanning nude outside though it is a warm beautiful day and nobody in the hot tubs, I forgot about the saunas.

Then downstairs to where a lot of the fun takes place. Dungeon, glory holes, and an orgy room and very few guys at the moment. I do a few laps trying to get use to the red lights and the darkness.

I finally get back to the orgy room where years ago I was fed cock after cock one noon day. This room had changed in that it now had three doors. Most of one of the long benches had been removed to fit them in.

There was a table hanging from the ceiling in the center of the room, shame it wasn't being used and there was more light in the room. 

The extra light was nice; the first time I walked into the orgy room years ago I stepped on a guy that was on his knees sucking a guy.

There were now two men sitting on the benches across the room from each other. I sat next to the older looking one on the now short bench. It was right about here years ago I watched my friend Tim for a few brief seconds suck another man's cock.

The other guy across the room was still wearing his towel though he had his hand under it rubbing his cock.

I had no qualms and pulled my towel off as had the guy I was sitting next too.

No words were spoken, we just sat there in the nude. I kind of hate that, I'm there to get laid! But, after being there for a bit I finally reached over and started rubbing the other old guy there. He really doesn't respond very much.

I'm wondering if I am wasting my time but, I keep rubbing his arm and leg and finally say fuck it and grab his cock and start stroking him. He isn't hard but filling in very nicely. He half ass returns the favor rubbing my cock.

I am really taken aback as I get to the base of his cock. This old man is packing a porn star cock! Maybe not all that long but, thicker than I can believe. Still dark enough in the room I can't make it out but I can sure tell it is a thick one and longer than most I have sucked. I've been with two well hung men and this one doesn't seem to be as long but is a lot thicker.

After a bit I finally lean over and take him into my mouth. Damn! It has been so long since I've sucked a cock; it feels so good!

I try not to rush I just spend some time licking around and around the head trying get him stiffer.

I slowly run my tongue down his cock and back up a few times and his breathing changes. I open my mouth and take in his cock and start down it. I get almost to the base and gag. And I mean hard, I can't get this guy all the down he is so thick at the base.

I was thinking when this guy was younger he must of made women and men wince when he shoved that hard fat thing into their holes.

We went at this a little bit, a few guys walking by but, I don't think any stopped to watch. But, after a few minutes he asked if I would like for him to move over an lay down. I didn't know he had the room but, I said "hell yeah."

He did so and spread his legs. I could now lay down though I had to bend my legs upward to fully lay on the bench; sure not like last time. Oh well...

Instead of taking his cock again I sucked on his balls a little bit. Every now and then he would moan a little. I was kind of proud of myself in that I had not scrapped his dick with my teeth as it had been so long since I had a cock in my mouth.

I ran my tongue up the length of his cock and swallowed it down. And I forced myself as much as I could to get it all the way down and started to gag and came back up. But, I kept at it, taking in more and more and even when I gagged I did not go back up I forced myself to stay down.

I finally got to the base and had my nose into his pubic hairs and against his skin and he let out a big moan and said "that feels so good." I did this several times and each time he let out a moan or said it felt good. His cock was hitting the back of my throat and then some.

Then the old guy surprised me. I was starting back up and he grabbed the back of my head and shoved it back down hard and pushed his hips up at the same time and really got his cock all the way back and partly down my throat. 

I gagged hard but, that got me no mercy from the old guy. He just held my head in place and flexed his hips and giving out another big moan. And I was loving it.

I tried to work my throat and tongue the best I could on the fat cock. He would let me up from time to time I guess to let me have air and then when I got comfortable again I would go down and he would again grab the back of head and push it down and wouldn't let up no matter how hard I gagged. 

I think my gagging was turning him on in more ways that one. I think he really enjoyed being in control of me and the feeling my gagging was doing to his cock.

After a bit I was finally trained and got his all the way down with out gagging. Almost every time I hit the base the old guy groaned or commented. We were both enjoying this blow job.

At one point though I went down again and he again grabbed my head and held me in place and started bucking his hips and I tasted something warm and salty. He was cumming, not a lot but, cumming none the less. After a time he politely pushed me off him. 

We sat up and I was expecting him to return the favor or maybe one of the few men passing by might help me out or even offer me their cock but none did.

The man and I talked for a bit. I asked if he came there often and he replied that he use too but, this was the first time in years. He was retired now and had the free time. 

I told him he had an impressive cock and that just made him laugh. I told him that if I lived in Denver I would be his full time, on call cock sucking whore and he again laughed and said that would be nice.

Sadly for me the old guy said he was going to leave, Hey! Where is my blow job? Oh well, have a good day. And off he went.

I looked around and I was the only guy left in the orgy room. I continued to watch some of the younger men stroll through.

At one point a husky Latino man with a big beard came through and stopped to talk to me. He leaned forward and I think he got a look at how old I was because we didn't talk long and he moved on.

I don't know how long it was but, he came back and invited me to his room. I agreed and off we went.

I told him I really enjoyed 69ing and we laid down together in that position. But he made it difficult to get his cock into my mouth by the way we were laying. 

After some repositioning we finally made it and I got my third surprise of the day.

This guy had the smallest cock I have dealt with. Really funny from going from really big to really small. 

Well, I will say it was hard as steel.

We sucked each other for just a short time and he asked if he could just jerk me off. Maybe I disappointed him too but, I said that was fine. 

I did the same to him because our position wasn't very good still and I don't think I could get enough of him in my mouth to do much good. Sadly, I gave him a two finger job instead of a hand job. That was all I could get on his prick, he really was that small.

Well, after a few minutes we both came. And I noted the time and made my exit. Though I wanted to stay longer and get some more cock I knew my friends and family would be expecting me. So, I hit the shower, dressed and headed for the door.

Well, I will say that the old guy was a real surprise. He filled me all the way to the back of my throat and then some and stretched my lips a good amount. 

His pushing on the back of my head had him pounding his cock right into my throat gave me a sore throat for three days.

Even though I should probably be upset at that I find it a turn on and wish I had thick cock, aggressive man like that in my neighborhood. 

I count myself lucky at having two aggressive men in my sex life and wish for a few more.

Well, that trip to the Midtowne was unexpected and I don't see going back to Denver anytime in the near future. I figure that is probably the last time I will ever see it.

***

For those of you that have followed my writings this is the end of my true stories and from this point on I will be writing fiction. Thanks for reading, constructive comments are always welcome.