 I knew that I shouldn't have gone out the night before. Too many beers and staying out way too late was taking its toll on me as the alarm sounded at 7 am on Saturday morning. I was in my Sophomore year of college and during registration the only day that the Psych 1 class was available was on Saturday morning from 9 am until 12 pm. I had done well the first semester, not going out on Friday nights or making sure that I was home early and in bed for my class the next morning. 

After winter break, I was feeling a little bit of cabin fever when my friend said that his band was playing a gig at one of the best clubs in town on Friday and that I had to come. The club was known for having the hottest girls in the sexiest outfits and was not easy to get into. With a VIP waiver from my friend, it wouldn't be any problem for me to get in, so I decided to go. The show went great and I had a great time dancing and drinking with a group of band friends and groupies. When I finally stumbled back into my apartment at 2 am, I knew it was going to be problem getting up for class the next morning.

As the alarm rang jolting my aching head and tired body, I reached over and hit the snooze button to get just a few more minutes of sleep. The next thing I knew, I rolled over to look at the clock and it said 8:25 am! "Oh shit, I'm going to be late!" I stammered as I leapt out of bed and headed to the bathroom. I dunked my head in the sink, brushed my hair and teeth and threw on some clothes. I was out the door in less than 10 minutes and jumping in the car for my 35-minute commute across town to class. 

When I turned onto the Interstate, I was feeling good about getting there right on time or maybe just a few minutes late. That was until I hit the backup on the highway about 3 miles down the road. How were all 3 lanes of highway packed with people at a dead stop this early on a Saturday morning? There was nowhere to go, so I crawled along with everyone else watching the clock tick away, knowing that I was never going to make it at this point. When I finally got to the cause of the backup, they had the highway down to one lane so that they could paint the lines on the road. I kept driving towards school and finally arrived about 50 minutes late for class. At this point, I didn't want the embarrassment of walking in and getting called out by my professor, so I decided that I would just head over to the park near campus and do some studying and relax.

When I got to the park it was mostly empty. Even though it was a warm morning for late January. It was overcast and had been raining earlier, so I'm sure a lot of people just decided to stay home until it cleared up. I pulled into a spot next to the lake and rolled the windows down and began to study. A few cars drove through, but no one stopped, and I was enjoying the peace and quiet. After about a half hour, a car pulled in and drove through. It circled around the lot twice and finally pulled up in the space right next to me. 

With all the spots available, I was a little perturbed that they had decided to park right next to me. The driver shut the engine off and rolled his windows down. He had his stereo playing loud enough so that it was interrupting the quiet sounds of the birds and lake and I just kind of looked over at him and rolled my eyes. I don't know if he saw me and I didn't care, I just wanted to be left alone and finish my studying. 

After about 10 minutes, I get the distinct whiff of weed in the air and look over to see him smoking a joint. He didn't care to hide it or keep me from smelling it as it wafted over my way. I wasn't a big smoker but didn't mind smoking a joint or two when I was stressed or wanted to relax. The weed smelled good, like some sticky skunk bud, so I wasn't bothered by him being there. After a few minutes, he saw me look his way and said he was sorry about interrupting me. I said that it was cool and that his weed smelled good. He didn't hesitate to ask if I wanted to smoke a joint with him. With the morning I was having I figured it wouldn't hurt to have a few hits and so I said sure, I'd like to smoke one with him.

As I got out of my car, I couldn't help but notice that he was a decent looking guy with dark brown curly hair, a T-shirt and jeans on. I got in the front seat next to him and he introduced himself as Jim. I said "Hi, I'm Mark it's nice to meet you." 

I asked him if he came here often to smoke and he said no, just occasionally, when he wanted to get away from his parents. He said that he was going to the same school as I was but was commuting from home. He had gone to the school to work out in the gym, but the basketball team was there having an early morning practice, so he came here to chill for a while until they were done. 

He asked what I was doing there, so I told him my story and he said he knew the feeling! Jim was looking fit as he sat in the driver's seat. He had a muscular build and probably weighed about 185 or 190 pounds. He had soft brown eyes and a calming smile. I didn't feel uncomfortable at all as he reached below his seat and brought out a tray with some papers and a bag of pot on it. As he set the tray in his lap, this was the first time that I noticed the large bulge in the crotch of his jeans. I couldn't help but wonder how much he had packed into those tight jeans, as it was obvious that he was bigger than average. I looked away before he caught me staring but I couldn't help but think about what size he was and whether he was cut or uncut. 

It had been almost two years since my older neighbor invited me into his home and ended up jerking me off and then taking my virgin ass on his sofa. Since that day, I had fantasized about being with another man several times but had never had any chance come up. I especially wanted to suck another man's cock since I didn't get to do it during my first experience. Jim took his time cleaning and rolling up a big joint for us to share. As he did, I would steal quick glances at his bulge and started to fantasize about what it would be like to give him a blow job. 

After a few minutes, he finished the joint and grabbed his lighter and lit it. The odor of killer skunk bud filled the air as he handed the joint to me. I took my first hit and held it as long as I could before my lungs exploded and I started coughing and gagging. He apologized and said he should have warned me that it was some potent stuff. After just a couple of hits, I was already starting to feel the high hitting me hard. I started to get that warm and calm feeling that I enjoyed when I smoked. We were only about halfway through the joint when I caught myself staring at his crotch with my mouth open and then licking my lips. I was so embarrassed when I looked up and he was looking right at me holding the joint my way. He just kind of smiled and said "here, it's your hit." 

I kind of mumbled "thanks" and took it from him looking away so that I didn't make eye contact with him. As I went to hand it back to him, I noticed that he had moved his other hand down and was adjusting his bulge. It was seeming to get even bigger as I did everything that I could not to let him catch me looking at it. We finally finished the joint and I was getting super stoned! 

After a few minutes, I said I really needed something to drink so he said let's run to the store up the street and get something. I agreed and we pulled out of the lot and headed to the store. 

When we got to the store, we were laughing as we got out of the car. I got a huge head rush as I got out and had to stop and catch my balance before we went in. He was ahead of me and I couldn't help but check out the nice ass that he had in his jeans. We went in and I headed to the fountain drinks to get a soda and after a couple of minutes, he came around the corner walking towards me. He was tall, about 6' or so, with a smooth walk and really looked hot as he walked down the aisle. 

I stared at his bulge again and he reached down and grabbed it and shook it at me when he caught me looking. I laughed, embarrassed again that he had caught me a second time looking at his dick. We grabbed the drinks and some munchies, paid and headed back to the car. We didn't say anything as we drove back to the park. When we got back to the park, he didn't drive to the spot where we had met and my car was, but to a more secluded spot away from everything and everyone. 

He put the car in park and asked me if I wanted to smoke another joint. I don't know what got into me, maybe it was the weed or how calm he made me feel around him, but I said, "sure we could smoke another joint, but I'd rather smoke something else right now!" 

Who was this bold guy that just made a pass at a total stranger? 

He got a big smile on his face and said, "Oh really, and what joint do you want to smoke?" 

Becoming even bolder, I smiled at him and said, "I know that you have seen me looking at that big bulge in your pants and I'd really like to get a more up close and personal look at what you have there." 

He replied, "If you want to see it, you have to do the work." 

When I heard this, I didn't hesitate as I leaned over towards him and reached my hand down to start rubbing his cock through his jeans. As I was rubbing his dick, I was close to his face. He leaned right into me and started to kiss me, and I kissed him back. We started making out hot and heavy as I continued to fondle his cock and balls. 

After a couple minutes of kissing, I broke away and said, "I'm ready to see my surprise." 

With that, I reached with both hands and started to unbutton and unzip his jeans. He let out a soft moan as I reached inside his pants and released his cock from their denim prison. I couldn't believe what I was holding. He was only semi-erect, and he was already around 6" long and as thick as a large cucumber. 

His head was enormous and growing even more so as I started to stroke him. I let out an audible "Oh my, you're huge," as I started to lower my mouth to his cock. I lightly kissed his head and could taste his salty pre-cum on my lips. It tasted better than I had fantasized about. 

I could smell the musky scent of his sweat as I started to lick his shaft and head. His cock began to get harder and bigger as I toyed with it in my mouth. Finally, I went for it and shoved as much of it as I could into my mouth and throat. He moaned loudly and placed his hands on the back of my head and pressed me down even further until I started to gag. He let me up for air and I went right back down on him. 

This was the first cock that I had the pleasure of putting in my mouth and I wanted to make sure that I gave him a great blowjob. I stopped and told him to pull his jeans down farther so that I could see his massive balls. He obliged and when he did, I got to see his full erect cock and balls for the first time. He was enormous! At least 8" long and I could barely get my hand around his girth. His balls were bigger than walnuts as I began to fondle and caress them. 

Though the angle was difficult, I did all that I could to get one of them into my mouth. His sweat tasted so sweet and the musky smell was driving me crazy. I swirled my tongue around his ball and gently sucked on it. I was in heaven! This was so much hotter than I had dreamed of and I didn't want it to end. I licked my way from the base of his shaft to the tip of his cock and buried it as deep as I could in my throat again. I started to suck and stroke his cock with everything that I had, making sure that I kept my teeth out of the way. 

His moans told me that I was doing a good job and when I looked up at him, his head was leaned back, and his eyes were closed. I continued sucking his cock for what seemed like an eternity before I pulled off again, looked him in the eye and said, "I want to feel your big dick inside of me!"

He smiled at me again and said, "Are you sure about that?" 

My lust for cock had taken me over and I growled back at him, "Yes, I want you to fuck me good!" 

At this point, I couldn't believe the person that I had become. I was a cock crazed fiend, and nothing was going to stop me from getting what I wanted. Just at that time, another car pulled up and the driver was looking us over very suspiciously. 

Jim looked at me and said, "I know a more private place just down the street where we can go and finish this." 

I said, "Let's go," and he started the car and pulled away. 

As we drove to the new location, I started to take off my shoes and pants so that I could get that huge dick inside of me. 

He gave me a laugh and said, "you aren't wasting any time, are you?" 

I smiled at him and said, "No, I've waited 2 years for this, and I don't want to wait any longer." 

Just down the street from the park, there was a large parking garage being built. It was a rainy Saturday, so no one was working. He pulled in and started making his way to a dark secluded area of the garage. When he put the car in park, he said "Why don't we get in the back where there's more room?"

I didn't hesitate to climb into the back seat and he quickly joined me. We kissed again as I stroked his cock and started to get him to full attention again. I got down on the floorboard and took his cock into my mouth again and felt him getting hard as a rock as he hit the back of my throat. 

He told me to take off my underwear and show him my nice tight ass. 

I was more than happy to oblige. At this time, I realized that we didn't have any lube and asked him how we were going to make this work. His cock was so big, and I had only been with one other guy, so I was a little worried. 

He told me that he would take care of it as I felt him grab my ass and spread my cheeks with his hands. Before I knew what was happening, I felt a warm wet tongue start to explore my tight hole. I let out a loud moan and pressed my ass back towards his tongue. It felt incredible! I had never had anyone rim my ass before and it was the most amazing sensation I had ever felt. His tongue was soft and wet and expertly did circles around my anus before he plunged it as far into me as he could. 

I squealed with delight as his tongue was fucking me, spreading me and making me so wet. The next thing I know, he had stopped, and I heard him spit and then felt a finger start to enter me. It felt so good slowly sliding into me. There was a little pain but that quickly went away, and I started to press my ass back at him trying to get more of it inside of me. 

About this time, he proceeded to put a second finger in me. I thought that I was going to pass out as he started to probe and fuck my ass with his fingers. Once again, the pain went away and all I felt was immense pleasure and he toyed with my asshole, stretching and lubing me up. When the third finger went in, I gasped and said, "I don't know if I can take any more!" 

I couldn't believe that I had three of his fingers inside of me, twisting and probing me. It hurt and felt so good all at the same time. As I started to buck back at him, wanting to get even more of him inside me, he pulled them out, leaned over me and pressed his huge dick against my ass and whispered in my ear that "I was about ready now."

He was so right. I was like an animal at this point, begging him to stick his big hard monster cock inside of me and fuck me good! I could feel him rubbing his cock against my ass as he prepared to slide it inside of me. He spit a large amount of saliva into his hand and rubbed it all over his dick. I felt him press his big member against my asshole and slowly he started to slide it into me. 

The feeling was intense as his large cock started to penetrate me. At first, I thought that he was going to tear me in half, but he was slow and very deliberate in his strokes. Being very gentle as he pushed deeper into me with every stroke. After a couple of minutes, the pain was gone, and he was buried all the way in my ass. I was moaning and growling as he started to fuck me a little harder. His cock felt amazing as he pulled all the way out to the head and then plunged it back into me again and again.  

I started to press my ass back towards him as he pushed into me and before long, I could hear and feel his big balls slapping against my ass. I begged for him to fuck me harder and he was all too happy to oblige. He was pounding me furiously. We were both drenched in sweat and the windows of the car were fogged up. I pleaded with him to fuck me and shoot his load deep inside me. 

The sounds that I was making as he fucked me were primal and I was loving every minute of it. It wasn't long before he panted that he was going to cum and I yelled, "Yes, give me your fucking load!" 

I felt his body tense as he buried his cock inside of me. I could feel every twitch of his cock as he shot rope after rope of warm cum into my ass. I could feel it filling me and starting to ooze out of me. He collapsed onto me, breathing heavy and whispering how great of a fuck that was. 

He laid on top of me for a few minutes as his cock softened and slowly slipped from my gaping hole. His cum was running down onto my balls and dripping onto the back seat of the car. I gathered myself and sat up in the seat. We had a passionate kiss as he again told me how much he enjoyed fucking me. 

I told him that the pleasure was all mine and that if he ever wanted to meet up again, I would be more than happy to accept. He grabbed a handful of napkins and we did our best to clean up the mess we had made to his car and ourselves. We put our clothes back on and climbed back into the front seats. It took a few minutes for the defroster to clear the windows and we were headed back to the park. As he pulled up next to my car, I leaned over and gave him one last passionate kiss and wrote my phone number on a piece of paper and handed it to him.

As I climbed out of his car, my legs were weak and my ass felt like it had been beaten and battered, but I had a huge smile on my face as he drove away. I waved goodbye and started my car to head back home. The whole drive home, I could feel his cum leaking out of my ass and filling my shorts. 

When I got back to the apartment, I made my way inside and heard my roommate yell from the kitchen asking if it was me. 

"Yeah", I said as I headed for my room and a hot shower. 

He asked how my class was that morning and if I was still feeling hung over. As I closed my door, I smiled as I said, "Class was great, and I was feeling fantastic!"