 Eric couldn't wait until it was time to go home. He glanced at his watch, then the picture of his wife Marie and their two year old daughter Steffani that was perched up on his desk. It was only four o'clock. He wanted to get home because today was his wife's birthday and he wanted to do something special with her. He sat behind his desk wondering if he should take her dancing after they went to dinner. Oh well, he would worry about that later. Eric was trying to finish his report which was due in two days.

His boss would have his ass if it wasn't in on time. He chewed on his pencil pensively as he stared blankly at his computer screen. Just then, his buddy Matt peeked his head in his door. They had both graduated from the same college and now they worked together. 

"Hey Eric got a minute?" Matt asked.

Matt stepped into the office and closed the door.

"Sure. What is it Matt?" asked Eric.

He spun around in his black leather chair to face his friend.

"Just wondered what you were gonna do tonight for Marie's birthday. I wouldn't plan any outdoor activities if I were you." Matt stated.

For a moment Eric looked confused.

"Why not? I thought maybe a picnic if I get out of here early enough."

Matt just looked at him and shook his head in amazement.

"Have you looked outside? It's snowing pretty hard. It's almost a full scale blizzard. We'll be lucky if we don't get snowed in."

Eric looked out the window. He was shocked to see Matt was telling the truth. It was coming down so hard he couldn't see anything. It looked like someone had shaken up a snow globe outside his window.

"How long has it been like this?" asked Eric.

Eric sighed and stalked back over to his desk.

"Since a little after nine this morning."

Eric took another long glance out the window before finally returning to his desk.

"Look, I'll come to your office in a few minutes. I need to call and tell her I may run a little late tonight."

Matt looked a little sad, but he agreed to it anyway. 

"Okay." Matt said cheerily as he stalked away.

Eric decided he would call her later. He wanted to hear a weather report to see if it would clear up by six o'clock tonight. They could still go out, they would just have to do something more low-key.

The man on the radio was predicting blackouts due to the heavy snowfall. He continued to work on his report. Before he knew it, it was already nine o'clock. He had worked right through his own deadline. He had to call her. He knew she would be angry, but if he didn't call at all that would be worse. He dialed the number and counted the rings. It rang twelve times before she answered it. She sounded drunk.

"Hello?" she said as she answered it.

She stumbled over her shoes and fell hard onto the sofa.

"Hey babe. Sorry I got held up. I'll be there in a little while okay."

There was a brief moment of silence before she replied.

"Don't bother! A few of the girls came over. We've already been drinking."

He heard giggling on the other end of the line and it didn't sound like just a "few of the girls."

He slammed down the receiver and reached inside his own desk for his secret stash of whiskey. He drank it straight out the bottle and it felt like liquid velvet going down his throat. He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply.

"Wow. I needed that." he said to himself.

He had a pretty big office. He had his own sofa bed inside his office and spare blankets in case of emergency. He could hear Matt was still in his office. He had thought he was alone; almost everyone else had left hours ago. The storm had not let up and everyone else was afraid that they too would be stuck inside the building. He took another deep swig of his whiskey and decided to get his blankets out. He might as well take a nap to sleep off the booze that he had just drank.

He got comfortable on his sofa. He had kicked off his shoes, and was feeling the effects of the whiskey. He didn't hear his door open. Nor did he hear Matt come in. Matt looked his sleeping friend sprawled across the couch and smiled to himself.

"I always did think you were hot." he said in a low voice.

Matt stood over him wondering what he should do. He lifted Eric's shirt and kissed his stomach gently. He traced his nipples in a slow circular motion with the tip of his tongue. Eric let out a low moan. Matt stopped for a second then he smiled to himself again. Eric felt good all over; and with his eyes shut he didn't know if it was the alcohol or what it was. All he knew is that he wanted to let the feeling completely engulf him.

Matt started pinching his nipples delicately as he started to remove his own clothing. He unzipped Eric's pants and pulled out his engorged tool. It was throbbing and had little drips of precum oozing from the big purple head. That turned Matt on more than he realized. He traced the outline of Eric's love tool with his tongue. Just the taste of him excited Matt in a way he had never been before.

Was it because he had had a crush on him since their college days? Or was it the mere thought of seducing someone? He didn't know. He just wanted this feeling to last. He had been wanting to do this for so long he didn't really know where to begin. He slowly put the whole thing in his mouth. He sucked it slow and passionately. He was finally making love to him with his mouth, and he wanted it to be great for the both of them. He slid his large throbbing organ to the back of his throat, then he let it pop out of his mouth to tease himself.

He had started stroking himself by then. He didn't want to come quick, so he had to go slower. Eric started moaning louder now, completely entranced and intoxicated at the same time. The feeling was wonderful. Matt was sucking on it furiously now, like his life depended on it. Eric had subconsciously started pushing on Matt's head, making Matt take him deeper into his mouth. Somehow Eric had started fucking his face.

Matt could tell Eric was about to come so he started going slower. Just then, Eric woke up.

"What the hell are you doing?" he screamed.

Matt was stunned. He didn't know how to reply.

"What?" asked Matt nervously.

Matt couldn't tell if he should run or try to explain what he was doing.

"I meant, why are you stopping?" Eric asked.

Matt started crying. He thought Eric was going to punch him out. He was relieved when he said that. Eric grabbed Matt and started kissing him passionately. They kissed like they were long lost lovers and they were making up for lost time. Eric stroked himself while they were kissing. 

"Enough of this." he said.

He took Matt and bent him over his desk. Eric started kissing Matt along his back, making little circles all the way down. He got to the crack of his ass and started flicking it with his tongue slowly. Matt was moaning uncontrollably at this time. Eric saw that he was getting turned on so he stopped kissing him. Eric stood over Matt and positioned himself against him just right. Eric had his love tool in his hand and nudged it up against Matt's ass. He slid his way slowly inside his warm love tunnel. Matt gasped as Eric entered him. He pushed himself deep inside his buddy.

"Oh fuck. I've been wanting this for so long." exclaimed Matt.

Eric just grunted as he pushed deeper and faster. He held onto Matt's hips for leverage as he pumped into him for all he was worth.

"Oh shit, I'm coming." Eric announced.

Matt was gently massaging his swollen balls as his friend pounded his ass. Eric picked up the pace, shaking the desk as his trusts became more intense. Matt could tell he was about to come, and he started wiggling his hips to join the rhythm of his new lover. Eric clutched his hips tightly as his body got tense and shot his first load of sticky, hot cum into his friend. His body jerked violently, and this turned Matt on more. Eric pulled himself out of his friend as he grabbed Matt's rod and started sucking on it. Matt exploded almost instantaneously just from the feel of his hot, inviting mouth caressing his organ.

Both men collapsed on the floor from exhaustion.

"You know what this means right?" asked Matt. 

Matt looked at him with a curious expression.

"No, what?" asked Eric as he wiped the sweat from his brow.

"Our friendship is gonna be different now." he said with a sad look upon his face.

"No. It will be better now." said Eric as he kissed his new lover softly on his forehead.