 I am a salesman who is on the road often. I have been married for over 20 years. Except for a college "gloryhole" experience at a local bookstore, I consider myself straight. My territory is rather large, requiring hotel stays often.

I have recently found myself more and more infatuated with older men, mainly 60 years and older. I have often fantasized about meeting on older man, having great sex and leaving for the next city.

Something happened 2 months ago that brought my fantasy to life. Here's what happened.

I checked in to my hotel late one night. I was tired and decided to hit the hot tub to relax. I was in for a few minutes when a man entered the hot tub area. He appeared to be 60ish, slightly overweight, and wearing a robe. He stood by the hot tub and asked if he could join me. Of course, I said yes. He dropped his robe and was wearing a tight Speedo! He had a rather large belly, but the Speedo really showed off his "equipment"! 

I found myself staring at his crotch. When I realized that I was staring, I looked up and he was smiling. Not saying a word, he climbed in. He introduced himself as Paul. His wife was in the hospital for surgery and they lived 2 hours away. So he was staying at the hotel for the week.

After a few minutes, he climbed out on the edge of the tub. He asked me if I wanted to come up to his room for a beer. He said to give him 10 minutes and meet him there. (maybe to pop a pill?)

I went to my room and put on some dry shorts and a T-shirt. (I wanted so badly to beat off!) I then headed up to his room. 

I nervously knocked on the door. He answered wearing that same robe. I sat on a chair near the bed. Paul handed me a beer. He talked about his wife's surgery and other small talk. Then he started talking about sex. 

He said "You know what really makes me horny? Wearing my wife's silk panties. I'm wearing a pair now, do you want to see them?" 

Not waiting for an answer, he walked over to me and took off his robe. There he was, in a pair of tight, white panties with his member pressed hard against them. "Feel how soft they are." He said. I felt the side of them. He then took my hand and moved it to his dick. I felt up and down. It felt great! 

Paul then pulled the panties down revealing his wonderful cock. It not long, but thick. It was maybe 6 inches from my face! Paul then put his hand on the back of my head and said, "Go ahead, kiss it. You know you want to!" 

I started licking his cock. I was really going to blow an older man! I took the head of his cock in my mouth and started bobbing up and down. 

After a little while he suggested we move to the bed. I took off my shorts and t-shirt and climbed next to his cock. He started slapping me in the face with it. "You want this don't you" he said. 

I nodded and started licking it, taking my time. I then moved down to his big balls, licking, sucking and loving them. Paul was getting into it. I then licked him between his balls and his love hole. He really went nuts! Paul then pushed my head farther down. I knew what he wanted! Not wasting anytime, I licked his rosebud. 

I then inserted a finger. Then another. I kept moving the fingers in and out of his butt and took his cock back into my mouth. 

Paul went nuts! He grabbed the back of my head and started face fucking me. His pubic hair smashed into my face! "God I'm gonna cum!" he yelled. He started spurting huge gobs of cum down my throat, holding my head on his dick. It tasted wonderful!

After a few minutes, his limp dick plopped out of my mouth. "You were fantastic!" he said. 

"I hope I'm not done" I replied. 

He then pointed to the table drawer by the bed and said, "Put that on." In the drawer was a condom. I put it on my cock and he spread his legs. I was about to fuck my first man. "Fuck me now" he said. 

What a site! Here was a 60 year old man, with his legs spread, wanting to get fucked. I pointed my dick at his hole and eased it into him. "Holy shit, that's tight" I yelled. He just smiled. (That same smile I had seen earlier at the pool.) 

I wanted this to last, but it felt so good. I started pumping him hard. He then started licking and sucking my nipples. That did it! I came hard into him. It was the best orgasm I had ever had! I kept pumping and pumping, his anus milking every last drop of cum from me. I rolled off of him and sighed. "That was amazing" I said. (He smiled that same smile.) 

I told him I had to leave early the next day. So, I got dressed and was about to leave. He gave me his name and phone number. He asked me to call him the next time I was in the area. 

I told him I would. Then he said, "Maybe next time you can see my wife in those panties." 

But that's another story. . . . .