 That Thursday Bobby was assigned to assist Lance in the flower section of the garden center. Bobby was to help Lance set up the displays, dead head and water the flowers. Bobby was actually pleased that he had been assigned to work with Lance as he had looked forward to getting to know Lance better.

Lance was very knowledgeable about flowers and he instructed Bobby all morning as they set up the displays. Bobby learned which ones needed full sun, part sun and full shade. He carried countless numbers of plants out of the storage area and placed them as directed by Lance. Bobby would then trim and dead head the flowers as he had been taught and then he set up the fine mist to water them.

Bobby was glad that Lance had worn his tight tan pants and Bobby stole several glances at Lance's shapely ass. Bobby enjoyed watching as Lance fixed the flowers and stepped back to check them out. Lance would shift his weight to one leg and one shapely buttock would cock to one side. Lance often shifted his weight from one leg to the other as he studied his arrangements.

Lance smiled to himself as he noticed Bobby staring at his ass on more than one occasion. Lance moved his ass around more than normal as he knew that he was getting to Bobby. Bobby had a hard-on from watching Lance and it was obvious in his shorts. Lance backed into Bobby intentionally a couple of times acting as if it was an accident. Lance felt the big stiff cock against his buttocks and he sensed that Bobby was seducible. Lance did not know that that was exactly what Bobby hoped for.

A couple of times Bobby intentionally brushed against Lance's ass. Bobby was carrying something and made believe that he had to squeeze by Lance. Bobby allowed the back of his hand to rub against Lance's ass as he moved behind him. The two of them played touching games the entire day but neither of them took it any further. Bobby was a little disappointed that nothing more had happened as his cock was raging hard and he desperately needed to cum. Then Lance invited Bobby to stop for a drink after work and Bobby readily accepted. Since Bobby couldn't drink in bars, Lance had Bobby back to his house. 

Once they arrived at Lance's condo Lance said, "I'm going to grab a quick shower first and then you can shower if you like, unless you want to join me."

Bobby thought about it and replied, "Okay, I'll join you."

A surprised but pleased Lance said, "Don't be afraid Bobby you will never enjoy anything more."

"I'm not afraid Lance. I've done this before," Bobby replied confidently.

Lance just smiled and led the way to his bedroom. Once in the room Bobby undressed as he watched Lance undress. Lance was about 5'9" and 160 pounds. His cock was average size when hard at just over six inches. Lance's ass looked even better naked than it did in his tight slacks and Bobby stared at it as he imagined driving his cock into it. Bobby's cock hardened immediately and it caught Lance's eye. Lance had suspected that bobby was hung and now he knew.

They entered the shower and let the water run over their bodies. Then they soaped each other and their cocks touched their bellies. Lance felt the length of Bobby's magnificent thick cock. His hands stroked gently up and down its length a few sizzling strokes before cupping and fondling Bobby's tight balls, caressing them and delighting in touching them. Bobby needed no encouragement to return the favor. Lance's cock swelled at Bobby's touch and Lance smiled as their gay encounter unfolded. Feeling the cock of another male was something Bobby loved doing and often masturbated thinking about it many times. They stood there for a minute and enjoyed the sensation of playing with the other's cock as their own was being played with. Lance pressed his hard cock into Bobby as he coaxed a more passionate and hungry gay kiss out of the handsome young boy. Bobby was now possessed by his own gay lust and kissed Lance with the ardor of an experienced lover. 

Lance slid to his knees and engulfed Bobby's cock with his mouth in one warm, wet, swift movement. Bobby cringed in ecstasy. Lance deftly throated and sucked Bobby's cock, pulling it out several times to rub it all over his face and lick up & down the shaft, before returning it to his mouth. He knew Bobby might cum if he kept it up much longer so he rose up to kiss Bobby and told him to dry off and come to bed. 

Once in bed the two of them embraced and kissed wildly as their naked bodies and cocks rubbed against each other. Both cocks were hard and warm and sticky with pre-cum. Lance knew how to seduce another boy and he fondled Bobby's cock a little more before returning Bobby's cock to his mouth. He wanted Bobby as hot as possible, but to not make him cum just yet. He sucked a few more long loving sucks on the handsome boy's cock before pulling away and guiding his own stiff cock up towards Bobby's face. 

Bobby longed to taste the erect cock that was waving in his face. As he moved his mouth and face closer he could smell the pungent scent of cock and he slowly began to lick the stiff cock. It's scent captivated Bobby and after rubbing the dick all over his face and licking it a few times he slid the helmet head into his mouth. 

Lance whispered, "Ah good boy!" to softly urge Bobby on as he ran his hands through his hair. 

Lance rolled onto his back and let Bobby take over. Bobby went mad with cock sucking lust and he got into it. Bobby wanted to be sure that this was the best sex that Lance ever had. Bobby pulled out Lance's cock and lovingly licked the masculine pole and jacked on it with his hands a few times as it waved madly in his face before returning the cock to his mouth. Bobby renewed his cock sucking and slurping and sucking noises were heard among the intensely heavy breathing of the two aroused young men. Bobby bobbed enthusiastically with his mouth over the cock when it then shook and spasmed cum into Bobby's hot mouth. Bobby swallowed every drop and as he did he thought about cumming in Lance's mouth and ass. He knew Lance would be surprised with the volume of Bobby's cum shots. Lance smiled and heaved a satisfied sigh. 

Lance kissed Bobby gently and then kissed a trail down his chest and stomach to Bobby's cock. He was pleased to find a new experienced young lover like Bobby. Bobby was relieved when Lance again found Bobby's aching cock with his mouth. Lance was gentle yet firm with his sucking, engulfing it and pulling off slowly with long sucks. Lance licked up and down Bobby's shaft and balls before resuming sucking off the handsome boy. It wasn't much longer before Bobby trembled and quaked an astonishing orgasm, being very loud when he cried out with the unintelligible orgasmic cries people make when they cum. 

The volume and force of Bobby's ejaculation caught lance by surprise but he kept his mouth on Bobby's cock and swallowed every delicious drop. Lance licked and sucked Bobby dry relishing every drop of cum that Bobby's cock spewed forth. When Bobby could take no more of Lance's sucking and nibbling, he tugged on Lance's shoulder to bring him up in his arms. The two naked young men cuddled and kissed as Lance put his arms around his new lover. Bobby and Lance smiled at each other as they jacked on each other's cock. They kissed again and moaned in delight as their hands worked magic on the other's cock. They were both sporting two huge boners. 

"Bobby would you like to fuck me? I would love for you to fuck me with that big cock of yours," Lance whispered.

"I would love to fuck you. I have been thinking about fucking you ever since I laid eyes on your hot ass," Bobby whispered back.

Lance got out of his bed and returned with a tube of lube. Lance then got on all fours as bobby prepared Lance's ass to be fucked. Bobby squirted an ample amount of lube on his own cock and then knelt close behind Lance. Bobby eased his big dick into Lance's well used but tight asshole and Lance uttered an audible gasp. Lance pushed his buns up to meet Bobby's penetration and the cock slid in easily. Lance groaned as the thick shaft filled his anal passage. Bobby fucked Lance for what seemed to be hours, cumming in Lance's ass twice without removing his cock or going soft. Bobby collapsed on top of Lance and lance was amazed at the young boy's stamina. Lance's ass was filled to overflowing with Bobby's cum and he felt it ooze from his anus as they embraced. 

The two of them remained in the same position for several minutes before they separated. The Lance fucked Bobby but he didn't last long and he shot his load quickly into Bobby's asshole. Lance had played with Bobby's cock while he fucked him and it got it hard again. Lance then asked Bobby to fuck him missionary style. Lance lay on the bed on his back with his legs splayed. Bobby moved between Lance's legs and slipped his rock hard cock into Lance's ass. Lance held his legs apart as Bobby buried his cock deep into the young man. Bobby fucked Lance in this position for quite sometime before he was ready to cum for a fourth time. Bobby watched as Lance's hard dick bounced off his tummy as Bobby pummeled Lance's ass. Bobby had the urge to hold onto Lance's cock until he was ready to cum again. Lance squealed with delight when Bobby grabbed Lance's cock and began to jerk him. Lance screamed out loud that he was close and Bobby jerked him faster. Lance came a third time and cum oozed from his cock covering Bobby's hand and dribbling on Lance's pubes.

Bobby continued fucking Lance until he came again. Lance felt cum surge into his ass for yet a third time that day. Lance was impressed with his new lover. Lance had never been with anyone who could cum so much and cum so often. Lance looked at Bobby as Bobby knelt between his legs and he saw that Bobby was still sporting an erection. Lance had had enough for one evening and his ass was a little sore so he opted to send Bobby home. Lance thought to himself that Bobby could jerk off when he got home if he needed to cum again.

Bobby didn't jerk off that night but he did the next morning. After his parents left for work Bobby lay in bed thinking about Lance's hot ass. Bobby jerked off as he imagined fucking Lance again. As he had down many times he came in buckets and covered his body in his own semen. Bobby didn't have to report to work until noon on Fridays so he masturbated several times that morning. He finally got out of bed, showered, dressed and ate breakfast. Then he drove over to the garden center.

BOBBY AND LANCE SPEND THEIR DAY OFF TOGETHER

Bobby did not spend any more time with Lance until the following Wednesday when they both had the day off. He had worked hard on Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday and he was tired after each day. On Tuesday his day off he relaxed and refrained from masturbation. He was spending Wednesday at Lance's home and Bobby wanted to save himself for that day. Bobby arrived at Lance's late morning on Wednesday and greeted him with a smile and a kiss as Lance invited Bobby in.

"Have you ever watched porn?" Lance asked Bobby. 

"No I haven't. I have seen some pictures in magazines but never a movie," Bobby admitted.

"Well I have a wonderful collection of porn and I thought we would watch some to get us in the mood," Lance stated.

"I don't need any porn to get in the mood to fuck your hot ass!" Bobby exclaimed.

"Probably not but there is something I want you to see and then I want you to do it to me later," Lance offered and then said, "Come on let's get naked, it's more fun to watch porn when you're naked."

Bobby couldn't imagine what he would learn from a porn movie that Lance would want him to try but he went along with Lance's plan. Bobby and Lance stripped their clothes off and Bobby sat on the sofa as Lance put the movie in. Bobby studied Lance's body and fixed his eyes on Lance's bubble butt. Bobby was erect by the time Lance returned to the sofa.

"My you are a horny one aren't you?" Lance teased as he ran his hand up the length of Bobby's cock. 

"This is my favorite movie. It is called Office Sex and it has six different scenes of guys having sex in the office. All the actors are French Canadian and my favorite actor, Andre is in three of the scenes," Lance explained.

Bobby watched as previews of other movies played. Guys were fucking and sucking in every imaginable position and cum was flying all over the place. Lance continued his dialogue about the movie.

"Andre is a bottom and he has the most delectable ass. He just seems to love getting fucked in the ass and having cum sprayed all over his body," Lance said sexily.

The first scene of Office Sex was between Andre and another guy named Jacque. They were in the stock room working and then they began playing around. It didn't take long before Andre was on his knees sucking Jacque's cock. Jacque had a nice cock and it was the first uncut cock that Bobby had ever seen. Andre was a very accomplished cock sucker and he was able to deep throat Jacques impressive cock. Bobby guessed that Jacque's cock was about 7-8 inches just slightly shorter than and not as thick as his own. 

The scene faded out and then back in. Now they both had their clothes off and were in a 69 position sucking each other's cock. From there they moved to where Andre was on all fours and Jacque squatted over him. Lance was right Andre had a marvelous ass. His body was hairless and his skin was flawless. The camera focused on Jacque as he eased his cock into Andre's ass ever so slowly. It was a very erotic scene and Bobby grabbed a hold of his erect cock as he watched the anal penetration.

On the scene Andre groaned as Jacque's cock mad its way into Andre's asshole. The camera then moved behind them and Bobby watched as Jacque's cock slid in and out of Andre's ass. Then Jacque dropped to his knees behind Andre with his cock still in Andre's ass. Andre put his head on the floor and turned it to one side. There was a look of submission and ecstasy on Andre's face as Jacque continued to fuck him. Jacque kept fucking Andre until it was time to cum then he pulled his cock from Andre's ass and came all over Andre's back. Jacque shot streams of cum that landed on Andre from the back of his neck down to the crack in his ass. Then Jacque put his cock back in Andre's ass for a few minutes and Andre appeared to milk Jacque's cock dry.

Andre then rolled over on his back and jerked on his own 7" cock until he came. Andre shot ropes of cum that landed on his shoulder, chest and abs. As he jerked his cock and came all over himself, Jacques rubbed Andre's balls. Andre groaned allowed as he continued to cum and Jacque caressed Andre's balls. The Jacque cuddled up to Andre and they kissed and stroked each other. Then the scene was over and Lance stopped the movie before the next scene started. 

"Isn't that one of the hottest things that you have ever seen?" Lance sighed more as a statement then a question.

"It was definitely hot," Bobby said and then asked, "Can we fuck now?"

"Oh yes, I want you to fuck me and cum all over me just like we saw in the movie," Lance replied.

They went into Lance's bedroom and Lance got in bed on all fours. Lance had handed Bobby the tube of lubricant so Bobby lubed Lance's asshole thoroughly. Bobby also put an ample amount of lube on his cock and then he was ready to fuck. Bobby knelt behind Lance and slid his well oiled cock into Lance's ass. Lance grunted as Bobby's impressive cock penetrated Lance's anus and slipped past the sphincter muscles. Bobby was more than ready to get off and he didn't last long in Lance's ass. Lance reminded Bobby once again to cum on him and not in him. Bobby pulled his cock from Lance's ass and shot seven continuous streams of cum on Lancer's body. Lance cooed as he felt one stream after the other land on his neck, shoulders, back and buttocks. It seemed as if Bobby would never stop cumming. Bobby then wiped his cock across Lance's ass squeezing the remaining drops out of his cock.

Lance flipped over and grabbed his own cock and jerked it furiously. Bobby watched as Lance jerked off and then he grabbed Lance's balls just as he had seen in the movie. Lance groaned and moaned as he got closer to his own ejaculation. Then Lance's body went rigid and his cock spewed cum out onto his body. Bobby continued to rub Lance's balls as cum shot out of Lance's cock. Lance didn't cum as much as Bobby but there was plenty of it with his first orgasm. Bobby watched as Lance came on his neck, chest, abs and pubes. Lance finally relaxed and stopped jerking his cock. He calmed his cum covered body and then smiled at Bobby.

"God that was great! It was better than I could ever have hoped for," Lance exclaimed. 

"Yeah that was pretty hot," Bobby agreed and then asked, "Are we going to fuck some more?"

Lance looked at Bobby's crotch and saw that the teenager was rock hard and ready to go again. "Let's watch some more of the movie and then we can fuck some more," lance suggested.

They went back into the family room and Lance restarted the movie. Lance fast forwarded through the next scene and then there was another scene with Andre. This time Andre had a partner named Billy. It appeared as if they were in Billy's office and it didn't take long before Andre was on his knees again sucking Billy's cock this time. The scene was similar to the previous one where they quickly got undressed, sucked each other's cock and then Andre was back on all fours. Billy fucked Andre's upturned ass for quite awhile and then they flattened out on the floor. Billy kept his weight on both hands as he fucked Andre's ass. Billy's legs were between Andre's spread thighs and his impressive cock was buried balls deep in Andre's ass. When it was time for Billy to cum, he pulled out of Andre's ass and aimed his cock at Andre's asshole. Billy held his cock 12 to 18 inches away from Andre's ass and shot streams of cum right at Andre's asshole. Billy shot five ropes of cum that landed in the crack of Andre's ass and covered his anus. Then Billy moved closer to let the remaining cum ooze from his cock and trickle down on Andre's buttocks. Andre wiggled his ass in delight as it was cum covered and then he rolled over to jerk off as he had done in the prior scene.

Andre jerked on his cock and came all over his body again. Billy licked Andre's balls until cum began to fly and then he rubbed Andre's balls until Andre stopped cumming. The two of them then moved into a 69 position and sucked each other dry. Within minutes lance and Bobby were back in Lance's bed duplicating the scene they had just witnessed. Bobby liked watching his cum shots bounce off Lance's asshole and coat Lance's ass. As before Lance rolled over and jerked off again as Bobby played with Lance's balls. Once again Bobby was still hard and ready to go again but Lance insisted that they watch one more scene.

As they sat on the sofa and watched the final scene Bobby stroked his cock in anticipation. In this scene there were two cleaning guys in the office when Andre entered with another new partner named Julian. The two cleaning guys ducked out of sight and spied on Andre and Julian. It wasn't long before Andre was on all fours again getting fucked by Julian this time. The two cleaning guys watched as Andre got fucked and then they got turned on. Soon one cleaning guy was on his knees getting fucked from behind as they both watched Andre get fucked by Julian. True to the theme of the movie, Julian pulled out of Andre's ass and ejaculated all over Andre's back and ass. Then Andre rolled over as before and jerked off. However this time the two cleaning guys came out of hiding and jerked off shooting cum all over Andre's body and face. Andre came as the cleaning guys were cumming and he was cum covered from head to pubes as the movie ended.

Bobby and Lance were back in Lance's bed for a third round of sex. Bobby fucked lance again and came on him again as Lance requested. Then Lance rolled over and had Bobby sit on his cock. Bobby lowered his ass onto Lance's cock and bobbed up and down on it. Remarkably Bobby ejaculated for a fourth time before Lance came in Bobby's ass. Lance still couldn't believe the amount of cum that Bobby could produce. Lance was drained and exhausted and asked Bobby to take a break. As they lay cuddled together Lance let out a big sigh and then spoke softly.
