 I always seem to get horny late at night. And I really mean late. That's anywhere from one to three in the morning. That's also when I usually get off work. My end time changes, depending on the workload. 

One night I decided to do something about it, so I posted an ad. The thing was, I rarely got anything back from those, but it was an effort anyway. Then I sat back and for the usual flakes to answer. 

An hour or so later, my phone vibrated. That got my attention, so I checked it out. There was my first answer. It was a short email, and it said;

I may be able to help you. But I'm looking for something specific myself. I've got a leather fetish, and I want someone with leather gloves to use me. If you've got that, I'll do anything. 

Anything? This guy sounded interesting. I thought for a minute, then went to check my car. I got in, and popped the center console open. There they were, right in the bottom of the console. They were my motorcycle gloves. The ones I always used when I rode. I put them there the last time I went out, just to keep them safe and nice and soft. I'd ruined too many pairs in the weather over the years, and I really liked this pair. They were tight and a nice black color. I slipped them back in my pocket, and went back in. 

When I got back to my office, I took them and sat them on the desk. Then I shot a picture with my phone. It was time to reply to him. 

The email I sent back said this. 

As you can see, I can fulfill your leather fetish. I think I should warn you though, I'm very dominant. There's not a submissive bone in my body. So I'll do anything I want, and believe me, that does mean anything. 

It didn't take him long to reply. He was excited, you could tell that by his response. I cut him off though, and we agreed to a time and place. Then I sat back and waited for the end of my shift. 

It was a half hour drive home, and he was in my home town, which was nice. I knew the apartments he lived in, and they were nice and secluded. So I decided some car fun might be interesting. 

I pulled up in my car, and saw him standing outside, right where I'd instructed him to be. I smiled at him as I pulled into a nice dark area out there. He walked eagerly to my car, and climbed in the passenger seat. 

He had that hungry look on his face as he checked me out. He was ready to have his fantasy fulfilled, and to fulfill mine. I saw him looking me up and down, then his eyes fixed on my jeans. 

They were unzipped already, and he could see I was hard and ready. He looked back at me for direction, and saw me pulling on my gloves. That made his eyes light up, and I saw him start breathing heavily. He unconsciously licked his lips, which was even more of a turn on for me. I turned to him then, and got things started. 

"Now we're ready."

I reached out with one gloved hand, and stroked his face. He felt the leather on his cheek, and moaned softly. 

"Tonight's going to be easy. Well, at least for me. Take my cock out."

His hand actually shook when he did, he was that turned on. Without direction from me, he started stroking me right away. That was good, and I watched him go to work. He had experience handling a cock, that was obvious. And the way he stared at my length had me wanting more right then. My leather covered hand slid up, and wrapped itself in his hair. He froze when that happened, then he heard my command. 

"Show me how good you are. Suck that cock!"

He learned over me, and I felt my hard cock disappear into his mouth. He was good, his mouth was hot and wet. He obviously loved sucking cock, and the leather just added to the moment for him. I let him suck for a few minutes, then pulled him up by his hair. That made him gasp, but he didn't complain. 

"You're good at that. But I want something a little different. Have you ever been face fucked?"

He shook his head, and I heard him say,

"No sir. I've thought about it, but I've never had it done to me."

That made me smile. 

"Then tonight's your lucky night slut. Let me show you how it's done."

He was right over my cock already, so I reached down and guided it into that willing mouth again. Then my hand wrapped itself in his hair again, and I took control. I drove his head down, farther than he'd gone before. I figured he could take all of me, as I really wanted to feel his lips against my balls and his nose buried in my stomach. It didn't take long either. Two or three strokes was all it took for me to bury my length in his throat. Fucking fantastic! I felt his lips touch my balls, and I knew the evening was going to end well. 

I looked down and watched him sucking like his life depended on it. One hand drove his face down on my cock, and the other reached up to caress his cheek again. I wanted him to feel the leather. He moaned around my cock when I did that. Watching him suck got me close, and he heard my voice again. 

"Get ready to swallow slut. You're going to get a mouthful."

He nodded slightly, acknowledging me. The next time he went down, I exploded in his mouth. 

He gagged sightly, but stayed on it as I pumped his mouth full. I could see his throat work as he swallowed my load. He swallowed it all, not missing a drop. When I released him, he sat back up, licking his lips. 

"So how was that?"

"Not bad actually. I loved your gloves. They were just right."

I knew I'd want to back again, so I asked him,

"How about tomorrow night? I've got an idea already about that."

He looked at my hands, still in the gloves. 

"You'll wear them again? The gloves?"

"Hell yes. Any time you want."

"Then yes. Tomorrow night would be great. What do you have in mind for that?"

I shook my head. 

"I'm not telling. You just have to experience it. Does that work?"

"As long as you've got leather, I'll do anything. So yes."

He climbed out of the car then, and watched me drive away. I had an idea, and made sure to put a reminder in my phone for it. 

I left for work early that day, and made a stop at a mall along the way. I picked up an outfit that I knew would work. It was a leather biker vest, and a pair of leather pants all in black. 

After work that night, I put them on before I headed over to his place. When I pulled in, his garage door was open, and he was waiting dressed exactly as I'd instructed. He was wearing a bathrobe, and leaning on his car. When I got out, his eyes went wide taking in all that leather. 

I walked up to him, and said hello. Me managed to mumble something in return, then said,

"Would you like to come in?"

That's exactly what I had in mind. Although probably not in the way he meant. 

"I'd love to. After you."

He took the lead, walking in front of me. It was almost time. 

He showed me his place, and I saw right away the living room was the best place for what I had in mind. When he turned his back to me again, I pounced. 

He felt my body against his back, and a moment later, my gloved hand around his throat. He froze as he heard my voice in his ear. 

"Now slut. Let's get the nights fun started."

Reaching into my back pocket, I pulled out a length of black silk. Actually it was the sash from an old silk robe, but it was perfect for what I wanted. I wrapped it over his eyes, tying it so he couldn't see. Then I instructed him again. 

"Lay down on your back. You're fulfilling all my fantasies tonight."

He was shaking as he did. It was a combination of not knowing what was coming and of fear. At least that's what he told me later. 

I reached down and pulled open his robe then. He was naked underneath, just as we agreed. I reached down then, and stripped off my leather pants. Then I slid them slowly over his body before I dropped them across his cock. I knew the feeling would drive him crazy, and it did. Then I moved into position. 

I straddled his shoulders, which put my cock in his face. He felt it against his cheek, and his mouth opened automatically. I wrapped a gloved hand in his hair, and fucked his mouth. I wasn't going to cum that way, but I wanted to see him suck in the light. After a few strokes, I pulled out. I moved slightly upward and told him,

"Stick out that tongue. I want to feel it in my balls."

He obeyed instantly, and I watched his tongue touch my balls. He licked then all over, then sucked them into his mouth. Then he started licking again. His tongue felt fantastic, and I wondered how far he'd go with the leather driving his imagination. 

I moved slightly forward, and his tongue slipped to the bottom of my balls. He kept on licking, and I moved again. 

His tongue slid back, and I felt it circle my ass. Then it plunged right in. 

That almost made me cum right there, but I managed to hold off. I'd never felt that before, and was amazed at how good it was. He was good at it too. Either he'd come before, or he was inspired be the leather. 

I didn't want to cum that way, so I got up and got him on his feet. 

It was a few short steps to his couch. I looked at it, and figured the angles. Then I put him face down over the arm. 

I was lubing my cock up when he asked,

"What are you going to do to me."

I leaned forward over him. My cock touched his ass as I whispered in his ear. 

"I'm going to fuck your ass. Right here and right now."

He shook his head then. 

"I don't, I mean I've never... well you know."

"You've never had your ass fucked? Well, there's a first time for everything."

And saying that, I wrapped my gloved hand around his throat again. He felt the leather, and shook. But he didn't say anything more. 

My cock prodded the tight entrance to his ass. He jerked when that happened, but didn't complain. So slowly, I started to apply pressure. I felt the familiar resistance, then I slipped into him. 

He gasped, but didn't move away. I kept it slow, sliding in more and more until he felt my hips against his ass. I let him get accustomed to the feeling, then I told him,

"Now I'm going to fuck you just the way I want. Hard and fast. And you're going to feel cum in your ass for the first time. 

He didn't say a word as I started. Soon we were rocking the couch, and I noticed his hips were rocking back to meet mine on every thrust. I had to comment.

"So slut, you're fucking back. You're enjoying this aren't you?"

"God yes! I didn't know this could feel so good!"

"Get ready for the big finish then."

A few more hard fast strokes, and I shot deep inside him. I could feel him shaking as he felt my hot cum filling his ass. 

We both collapsed after that. It took a few minutes before either of us could speak. 

"So slut. I'm thinking tomorrow night again?"

He nodded his agreement, and I said,

"I'll come up with something different for you tomorrow. Be ready for anything. 

Slipping my leather back on, I left him there to wonder what the next day would bring.