 It was weird, I can't quite explain it, the feeling I felt when I woke up in the middle of the night. I don't know if it was a dream or what, but I was lying there on my back, staring at the ceiling with an incredible urge to suck dick.

I honestly couldn't recall where this feeling came from. I hadn't been watching porn, it hadn't been an extended period of time since I've had sex or sucked a dick, it was just like all of a sudden...

My heart raced a little, I think out of anxiety because at the moment there was no cock to suck around me. I was beyond horny, I had a rock hard dick, pitching a tent and the slimy feeling of pre-cum beginning to make a barrier between my head and my sheet. 

I rolled over and looked at my clock, it was just past 3:30am. I tried going back to sleep. I tired forgetting about it and just hoping the feeling would subside...nope. My eyes sprung open moments later and my horniness had actually increased. When I closed my eyes all I saw were visions of cocks coming towards me, my mouth opening, my throat expanding as the dick went down, and the balls smashed into my chin. 

That's it, I decided. I got from my bed, went to my computer and figured I'd watch some cock sucking porn, fantasize a bit more and have a good JO session and try going back to sleep. But upon coming to my computer, there was no porn that could fulfill my current sexual need. No I needed the real thing, I needed a dick in my mouth and I need to swallow a load. 

So, I figured I'd try the chat rooms. They're usually good for a late night hook up. There is always at least one desperate horn ball on there, waiting for some other desperate horn ball to join willing to give a no strings blow job, which just so happened to be me. Problem with me is, I am picky. I am clean, drug and disease free and I like my partners to be too. Sure, I am nasty and I enjoy getting down and dirty as much as the next guy, but it's got to be a clean dirty. I take care of myself, and so should you. And there lies the problem with late night horn balls, they are rarely the good looking, clean and respectful type. But at that moment I didn't care. I was consumed with horniness. 

But I lucked out. As I logged into my messenger account, who did I see active? My friend John, a bar tender who was good looking, clean, respectful, but unfortunately straight. Despite us being friends, I have made a move or two on John before, but he's constantly denied me. That was years ago, and right now I was willing to try again and risk a possible denial because I wanted some quality cock here. 

So I messaged John. 

"Hey" I began.

"Hey, what are you doing up this late?" John responded a moment later.

"Funny, I woke up incredibly horny." I replied, there was no time for being subtle. I wanted cock, and I wanted it now.

"Is that so?" John replied. 

Then five minutes went by. My heart was pounding, I had simply fixated on John's messages now. I ignored the other messages popping up from my chat room requests, and waited...there was no reply. So, fuck it, I took matters into my own hands once again.

"Want a blow job?" I asked.

But this time, the response came back right away.

"Sure." He said. 

I had to read the answer like 3 times to ensure I wasn't seeing things. I was pumped beyond words.

"The door is open, hurry." I replied. 

There was no response. So I wasn't sure if he was serious. Then ten seconds later, he signed off. This had me wondering, was this for real? Was John about to come over? Am I willing to wait and see what happens here with him before I turn my sights on the next possible cock? 

I didn't want to take a chance. I returned back to the chat rooms in hopes of finding a decent local cock to suck. I figured it would take John ten minutes to get here, so if figured I could keep a potential hook up on the line for that amount of time, plus some more in case John was running behind. 

Luckily, it didn't take long to find such a chat. This guy claimed to be tall dark and handsome, a delivery man who needed a quick suck before work. He was good lucking by the picture he sent me, but he was no John. We spoke for a bit, discussed locations, he was very close, less than 5 minutes close, actually. 

Ten minutes had passed by now, then it was 15 minutes. I figured John was just teasing me, and so I was typing out directions for my new found "buddy" Tom to come over and drop a load on my face, as we agreed upon.

Then...knock, knock, knock on my door. 

It was John. In my excitement, I hit the send button my message to Tom and then got up and went to the door. There he was, clean and hot, wearing mesh shorts and a t-shirt. "I'm not wearing boxers, figured that'd make this faster." He said as I opened the door.

"Whatever, dude. Just drop them." I said bring him into my living room. He came in turned around, dropped his pants and his cock was exposed, glowing slightly in the dull light of my room night light. It was somewhat sexy. 

"Sooooo..." John said, looking and sounding quite nervous. 

I didn't respond. I just walked over to him, dropped to my knees, took his limp cock into my mouth and began sucking. I rolled it around first, trying to get him to loosen up, relax a little, just enjoy the warmth of my mouth for now, and soon the skill. 

He didn't make a sound, he didn't move a muscle he just stood there, breathing heavily. And I've blown many straight guys, this is how they all react, and fuck if I cared, there passion is not what I was currently interested in. 

Before long his cock was hard, an average length penis with some fantastic girth, just enough to give my jaw a good work out. He was cut, with a beautiful mushroom head that slid down into the shallows of my throat quite nicely. 

It wasn't a long blow job, and not that I really needed to give one, but soon John said, "Where do you want me to cum?"

I pulled his bone from mouth, and knowing straight guys don't like being looked at, just looked at his penis as if that where the one who asked the question. "In my mouth, just let it go when ready. I'll swallow." I said. 

I continued my sucking action, up and down, deep as I could, tight as I could, wet as I could, repeating up and down over and over as I felt the shaking in John's legs. I felt the tremble in his cock that starts at the base, right before cum starts gushing out. Then I heard him groan with a sigh and my mouth begin filling with warm, salty cum. I started swallowing, taking down the jets of cum spurting out as they filled my mouth. Problem was, the spurts kept coming out. I couldn't keep up, each load I swallowed, it seemed liked two more were filling in it's place. Finally there was an overflow, and cum spilled from the side of my mouth, down my chin and neck. 

When John finally stopped, he pulled his cock from me and fell back to the couch. "Whoa," I said, wiping the sides of my mouth. "That was quite a load."

"Yeah..." John said, unsure of how to respond to another guy who just sucked your cock. It was typical. And I got what I wanted and I felt quite satisfied. Moments later, John pulled up his pants, we said our thanks and goodbyes and he left. 

I took a deep long satisfying breath as I headed back to bed. I passed by my computer and suddenly realized I'd made hook up plans with another guy!

I walked over and sat down. The last message I sent was directions to my place...oops. The final message from Tom, "showering, be there in 20." That was...knock, knock, knock...20 minutes ago. 

I sat silent for a moment, frozen in my own horny mistake. I had a full tummy of cum. What to do. It's 4 am and I asked this guy to come over for a pre-work blow job. 

He knocked again. I was just going to sit silently and hope he went away pissed off. But he knocked again, and I had to get up. 

I went to the door and opened it. "Hey." He said. And that was all it took. He was as he advertised, tall, dark hair and complexion, and very handsome. He smiled at me and I opened the door, asking him to come inside. 

Just the sight of him sent my horniness level back to pre-John blow job, and now, I think I wanted more. I lead him to the bedroom. "So, I was thinking, and how would you feel about a little bit more than a blow and go?"

"Uh, what did you have in mind?" He asked, with a slight apprehension in his voice. I know he was gay and all, but he explained to me fully he only had time for a quickie, not a full on fuck session. Well, quickies don't just have to be blow and go's do they?

"Well, I'll blow you, then before we get to the facial part, give me a quick fuck in the ass?" I asked, shrugging my shoulders. Tom looked me over, I could see the wheels of though turning in his head. 

"Sounds good." He said.

"Great." I replied. "Now, take your pants off."

He started unbuckling, and I slide down my boxers as well and tossed them to the side of the room. I quickly went to my night stand, grabbed the necessary condom and lube and turned back to Tom. Wow. 

He stood there with his pants around his ankles and his already hard cock in hand. His big balls drooped down to mid thigh, and looked like two dangling bags. His cock had to be at least 8 inches long, thick, cut, and beautiful. 

One of the good things about now sucking off another gay man is there will be some feedback and some extra attention. As I dropped down to my knees and crawled towards Tom's sexy cock, he reached out to my, sliding his hand behind my head as I moved towards his cock, opening my mouth and letting it slide in. 

There was a sting to it, his flesh was salty and loose. It tasted to good just to have his cock down mid shaft in my mouth, but I wanted more. I let the spit collect in my mouth, lubed up my throat and began moving forward, sliding his dick further into my mouth and let my throat expand to accept the gift of cock I was giving it.

Tom moaned and sighed with satisfaction as I slowly lifted and lowered my head up and down his cock. I let me tongue feel every bump in his shaft. I tasted his oozing pre-cum as it collected in my mouth each time I reached the top of his cock. "You are really good." He said. 

I couldn't disagree with him. HAHA!

"Thanks." I replied, pulling my head from his cock-head and sitting back. "Time to show me your skills." I said. I reached over to grab the condom and lube. I handed him the condom and as he tore it open, I took the lube and generously applied to my anus, and then once he had the condom on, some to his cock. 

I got to my feet and turned towards my bed, bending forward slightly and grabbing onto the foot board for leverage. Tom came up behind me, guiding his cock towards my wanting, willing, and inviting hole. His head pressed through the tight muscles of my anus and up into the warm, tunnel of my asshole. He went balls deep, then grabbed onto my hips and thrust himself forward. He could sense my need for a good hard pounding, and he could tell I could take it too. He pulled back with his long legs and pushed deep and hard back into my asshole. 

"Yeah, you can take it, can't you?" He whispered behind me.

"Give it to me." I moaned back, the signs of begging like a whore in my tone. 

He started pumping hard, faster, deeper. With each thrust the sound of flesh slapping flesh became louder and louder. He had a grip on my now, holding onto my hips tightly as he thrust over and over again right up my ass with a no holds barred attitude. I was getting rocked. 

Oh, was I getting rocked. His 8 inch cock was not only driving up my ass hard and fast, but it was stroking my prostate at a perfect angle. It wasn't being stabbed or poked, but it was if his cock was on a track gliding back and forth on it. And there is not feeling in the world like an anal orgasm. And I had one building. My knees began to shake. And I felt the rising sting in my cockhead. 

"I'm going to cum." I said.

"Do it. Let the cum go." Tom said. He leaned in closer, this time using short, hard burst of his hips, causing his cock to make extreme concentrated strokes onright on my prostate. His hand came around and he started jerking me off, coaxing the cum from my balls. "Let it out, yeah."

And I lost control, I pressed back against him, his cock stopped moving and an orgasm rose from my loins, to my backs, to the base of my shaft and I started ejaculating. Cum shot out, hitting the footboard with a hard thump. Tom continued jerking my cock, slowly as the cum continued to fall out. 

My head lowered and I sighed as my orgasm finished draining from my body. I stood up and Tom's hard cock feel from my rumbling asshole. I turned around, kissed him, he eagerly returned the kiss. "My turn." He said. 

Again I lowered myself to my knees in front of his cock. He yanked the condom off with hard pop and began stroking his cock inches from my face. "Give it to me." I begged, repeating over and over again, waiting desperately for more cum to be given to me tonight. 

He stroked with short twists of his wrist towards the head of cock. He arched his hips forward and with a loud groan, shot his load across my face. Ten big spurts went from cock to my face, spreading from my hair, down to my forehead, my nose, my upper lip, my teeth, running over my chin down to floor. He let out a cowboy type celebration as his orgasm settled. "Whoo!"

I started laughing, as cum ran down my face, running into my mouth and I swallowed like the eager slut I was feeling like at 3:30am this morning. 

I wasn't feeling horny anymore. And I certainly wasn't feeling tired. I was feeling wide awake. Tom left and I got into the shower. As I left the water run across my naked body, I thought about what had just happened. I've never been so succumbed by a feeling of sexual horniness so bad ever before, and ever since. I always hoped that I'd that feeling back. Not that I don't get horny, and not that I don't fuck with reckless abandon, it's just I've never been so overwhelmed that I couldn't control my horniness like that. It was a rare experience, one I will always remember.