 Jack Jenson was in his office on a rainy Saturday morning looking at porn on his computer. He had been rained out his golf game and had decided to chill out with a cup of coffee and check the newly posted free porn. He liked watching European porn where beautiful babes with natural bodies did it all. He loved watching guys with big cocks like his stick them in the lovely asses of the gorgeous women. He even checked out some gay porn from time to time and he liked seeing young cute gays get butt fucked. 

He didn't have any plans that day but with the crummy weather forecast he would probably stay home instead of clubbing. He would call a couple of girls he knew later to see if they wanted to come over for pizza and a movie. Of course they would know that sex would be in the offering as well. He would call Melissa first the pretty blonde with small breasts and killer ass. She loved anal and she could handle his big cock.

As he was surfing he came across this one hot gay scene where a guy had two cute gays in the bathtub. They were standing up so that their buttocks touched and he was stroking their average size erections. The guy was well hung and Jack wondered if he was going to fuck the cute gays. He stopped stroking their cocks and then had them fuck each other before he got in the action. The guy had just slipped his big dick into one of the shapely asses when Jack heard a noise on his front porch.

"Shit, who is that?" he asked himself as he was not expecting anyone.

He was just wearing his sleep shorts as he had not changed clothes yet. He went to the front door and opened it to find two young men standing there soaking wet. They were dressed the same wearing a white shirt, blacks slacks and a black tie. They were startled when Jack opened the door and they just stared at his 6'2" 190 pound muscular body clad only in sleep shorts.

"What's going on? Who are you guys? Why are you on my porch?"

As soon as he had asked the question he had his answer. It was pouring rain and the guys obviously got caught in the rain storm. They were drenched from head to foot and they looked scared.

"We're sorry to disturb you. We didn't mean to its just that we came up her to get out of the rain."

"What are you guys doing out in this weather anyway?"

"We're from the Church of the Latter Day Saints and we are spreading the word of God."

"I see, so what are you guys like Mormons or something?"

They looked at each other as if not sure what to say next. They also had a difficult time keeping their eyes off the handsome chiseled Jack Jenson. At that minute Jack felt a little sorry for them and decided to invite them in.

"Come on in and I'll get you something warm to drink. Go in the bathroom there and take off your clothes. I'll put them in the dryer."

They hesitated at first but then did as Jack told them. He offered them coffee but they opted for tea or hot chocolate. He did have tea so he put the kettle on. As the water was heating up Jack remembered his computer and there would still be porn on the screen. He went back to the office and saw the gay video was still playing. That's when Jack got the idea to run a bath for his new guests. He had heard that some of the Mormon boys in the area were gay or at least so assumed. He decided that he would find out.

He made the tea and carried it into the bathroom. The two boys were standing in their underwear which was also sopping wet. Jack went to the Roman style tub and turned on the water. The young men looked confused especially when he added bath gel. 

"What are your names?"

"Seth and Levi," they answered.

"I'm Jack. Now give me your clothes and I'll throw them in the dryer. Take off you wet underwear too. Here's your tea and you can warm up in the bathtub while your clothes are drying."

They both hesitated not because they had seen each other naked but they had not been naked in front of another man. Seth moved first and then Levi handing their underwear to Jack. He smiled when he saw the young men shiver and he assumed it was because they were naked. Jack let them to bathe but he knew that he would return shortly.

Seth and Levi entered the tub and the warm water did feel good. They were able to stretch out in the Roman style tub that was very roomy. Levi teased Seth by touching his privates with his foot. Seth slapped it away but giggled and did the same thing to Levi. Soon they were playing with each other in the tub and they both got erections. 

"Stop it, not here in someone else's house," Seth whispered.

It was too late though as Jack reentered the bathroom and saw the two young men sporting erections. "Looks like you're enjoying the bath.

They both blushed and nodded as they were embarrassed and their dicks stayed hard. "Let's have a look at you, stand up," Jack directed.

Sheepishly they both stood up and covered their privates with their hands. Jack had them stand so they were back to back with their butts touching just as he had seen in the video. He gently pulled their hands away from their 6" erect cocks and took one in each hand. The young men let out a soft moan as it was the first time that anyone but them had touched their cocks. Jack jerked them slowly and he realized that they were very excited and close to cumming. Seth then tensed and shot a load into the tub. He was followed by Levi you came seconds afterward.

Jack stepped back and by then he was hard too. He slipped off his sleep shorts and his 7+" erection sprung out and startled the other two. Jack got in the tub with them and he had them kneel down with their butts out of the water. Jack used the bath gel to cleanse and lube the two inviting bottoms. Levi and Seth were groaning as Jack fingered both assholes simultaneously. 

"Have you guys ever fucked each other?"

"Yes," Seth replied weakly.

"Good, I want Seth to fuck Levi first. He'll stretch you out and then I'll fuck you. Afterward we'll switch and Levi will fuck Seth and then I will. Sound good, let's get started."

"How did you know that we are gay?"

"I guessed at first but then I caught you with boners."

"But you're not gay."

"No but I have fucked some cute gay asses in the past; ones just as cute as yours."

"We've never been with anyone else and we have never had a threesome."

"Well enjoy it because I plan to fuck you both."

Under Jack's direction Levi leaned over the tub and Seth got behind him. Seth eased his stiff dick into his colleague's ass and began to fuck him slowly. Jack watched Seth curvy buttocks tighten and relax as he fucked his lover. Looking at the cute ass Jack decided not to wait to fuck but he also knew that it was very tight. He then thought of the butt plug that his other girlfriend Laura liked to have in her ass when he fucked her pussy. He got out of the tub and to retrieve the butt plug.

Seth and Levi were momentarily relieved when Jack left as they were nervous about taking his cock in their asses. Minutes later jack was back in the tub with the two gays and he was lubing Seth's anus. Satisfied that Seth was well greased, jack eased the butt plug into the cute bottom. Seth gasped aloud as the butt plug entered him and he felt stretched more than ever. It was clearly thicker than Levi's cock.

As he continued to fuck his lover Seth got used to the anal toy and adjusted to the increased thickness. He was surprised when Jack pulled it out and he actually felt the void in his ass but not for long. Jack moved in behind him, lined up is cock with the inviting anus and pushed his cock into the tight asshole. Seth panicked and pleaded with Jack not to fuck him.

"Jack, please no, you're too big, I can't take you in my ass."

"Fuck him Jack, fuck his ass just like he's fucking mine," Levi urged.

Seth's fate was sealed and Jack eased more of his cock into the lovely ass. He was gentle though relentless in his quest to fuck the cute bottom. He would push in a little and stop allowing Seth to adjust along the way. Finally he began a rocking motion and began fucking him slowly. Seth's ass had stretched enough now that he had adjusted to Jack's cock in him and he resumed fucking his lover. As Seth picked up the pace fucking Levi in the ass he was pushing his own ass back onto Jack's cock. 

Jack stopped moving as he didn't have to while Seth was fucking Levi. Seth would bury his cock in his lover and in the process his ass would slide along the big cock. When he withdrew slightly from Levi's ass, he impaled his ass on the rigid shaft. Jack inched closer and closer as Seth seemed to be able to take more and more of his cock. Once he felt the pubic hair brush against his buttocks and he realized that Jack was all the way in his ass. He couldn't believe that he had taken all of the big thick cock. He was proud of himself now and he picked up the pace fucking his lover and impaling himself on the huge cock. 

Jack came before Seth did but when he felt cum shoot into his ass he lost it. His buttocks tightened as he plunged his cock all the way into Levi's ass and unleashed his second load of the day. Seth flooded his lover's rectum with an enormous load one of the largest he could remember. As the buttocks clenched and unclenched as he came in Levi's ass, he milked every drop of cum from Jack's cock. Jack caressed the shapely ass as he let his cock be milked dry. Jack liked looking at the two gays with their lily white asses. The fact that they had slight tan lines emphasized the shape of their curvy bottoms.

Levi was erect after the fuck session, so he got to fuck Seth. Jack used the butt plug on Levi just as he had done earlier. Once he was satisfied that the anus was stretched out Levi would take Jack's cock in his ass as he fucked his lover. The three of them fucked and sucked until they were drained and exhausted. Jack was not interested in cock but he didn't mind giving them a reach around while he was fucking them in the ass. Jack actually enjoyed playing with their balls and jerking them off as he fucked them.

The water had gotten cool so Jack ushered them into his king size bed after they had dried off. Both of the young gays walked gingerly toward the bedroom. They knew that Jack was not done with them.