 Sean Serman walked into his childhood home for the first time in fifteen years. The smell of lavender filled his nose and a heavy sense of nostalgia kicked in. Childhood memories came flooding back to him. He already loved being in this house again.

Sean was back to stay. His parents finally accomplished their dream of owning a huge piece of land way out in the outskirts of town. They happily gave Sean the house so that he'd be closer to the family. Before this Sean lived a couple states over with his ex-wife Jess. They split because they both realized there not as happy as they should be. They ended things on good terms after being married for two years. Now Sean just wants to start over and meet new people. He decided to head back to his hometown.

Seans mom came out from the back room. "My baby! Its so good to see you."

Sean couldn't hold back the smile, not the he wanted to anyway. He hadn't seen his mom since Christmas five months ago. Sean gave his mom a big hug.

Seans mom is a curvy dark haired woman that lit up any room with her smile. Her and Sean are the same height. People often said that Sean resembled his Mom more than his Dad. It made him feel a little embarrassed but he really didn't care he was completely comfortable with his look.

"Where's Dad?"

"He's out back cleaning the yard before we hand the house over to you." 

"Really? He doesn't have to do that." Sean walked to the backyard with his mom following. 

"You know how your father is."

She was right. Seans Dad was a very gruff hard working man and Sean really admired him for that.

Sean went out back to see his Dad trimming some hedges. 

"Honey, look who's here."

Seans dad quickly spun around to see his son standing next to his wife. 

"Son!" Seans dad pulled him in for a big bear hug. 

Seans Dad is a big man. He's about a foot taller than Sean with a heavy build. For some reason Sean never got those features from his father. Sean was slim and not as tall.

"Hi dad, you want me to give you hand with that?"

"Nonsense, go inside and check the place out. I'm sure your probably tired after that ten hour drive." 

Sean knew there was no reasoning with his Dad. "I'm actually dying for a shower right now." 

"Go right ahead son I'll finish this up then we can go grab a bite to eat."

"Thanks Dad." 

I gave them both big hugs and went inside for that shower. 

×

After I got my stuff situated me and my parents went out to eat at a local restaurant. We got a booth next to the front windows. We caught up with each other sharing stories and laughs. The topic of my divorce wasn't brought up thankfully. Its just something I'd rather just move on from and I think my parents understood that. 

While we were eating and catching up I happen to look out the window to see a very familiar face walking by. It was a guy named Frank Fellino. We went to highschool together but he was a grade above me. We were never really good friends but we would talk sometimes because we had a class together. 

He looked big and hunky. From what I could see one of his arms was heavily tattooed. 

In highschool I was the guy in the background pretty much. Frank in highschool was popular with everyone and all around likeable guy. The class we had together was Physical Education. Him being in that class is what made me realize I was attracted to guys. He would always wear basketball shorts in that class and I loved it. His ass was amazing because of football. 

He was my highschool crush. I used to have little sexual fantasies about us in my head. Once he graduated though I thought of him less and less. I never really crushed on a guy like that again. I graduated then moved out of state for college. Then thats where I met Jess but lets not get into that.

I wanted to stop him to talk to him but I didn't. I hoped I would see him again. The next day my hopes came true.

×

My first night in my new house was refreshing. I woke up ready to walk the town. I got ready and left for nowhere in particular. I visited a couple cool looking shops here and there. I bought a couple cool things and stuff I actually needed for my house. I spent a good three hours just exploring town. I was on my way back home when I saw a cool looking tattoo shop. It was called INKS. I have been thinking of getting tattoo but haven't bit the bullet. I decided to check it out. 

When I walked in I could see several people getting tattoos in the back. There was a binder on the table with a bunch of designs you could pick from. I sat on the little black leather couch and looked through it. I wanted something to signify my fresh start. After looking through the book and thinking. I chickened out. I put it down and went to walk out when one of the tattoo artists came up to me.

"Hello sir, what can I help you with today?"

When I saw the mans face I couldn't believe it, it was Frank. He was taller than me probably by a head. He was in a black muscle shirt that showed off his beefy arms one of which is covered in tattoos. His arms and chest were hairy. The hair on his chest spilled over his muscle shirt. 

I regained my composure and said, "Sorry I was just browsing."

"Okay well if you need help-," His face sparked with recognition. "Hey don't I know you from somewhere?"

"Oh uhh yeah we went to highschool together."

"Really?" His face now showed confusion. 

"Yeah P.E together." As soon as I said that it clicked for him.

"Holy shit Sean! Damn man why didnt you say anything?" 

"I wasn't sure if I should." I rubbed the back of my head out of nervousness.

"Yup it's definitely you Sean. I remember you would always rub your head like that when I would talk to you."

I must've blushed because he smiled and chuckled a little. "Sorry I guess I do that whenever im nervous."

"Why so nervous?" He crossed his arms over his beefy chest.

"I guess just being back after fifteen years."

"What about when we were in highschool together?"

I felt my face get hot and looked at the floor then back at Frank. 

"You were this cool guy everyone liked and I was the kid in the background. So when we would talk I felt out of place and like you were talking to me just to be nice."

"Really? Damn, sorry I made you feel that way. I actually really liked talking to you man. I didn't see you as the kid in the background. I saw you as the cool guy who kept to himself."

I smiled. "Thanks Frank."

"I'm really enjoying talking to you right now too. We should hang out tonight. Grab a drink or something. I could also show you the whole new side of town that developed over the last fifteen years."

"Ok thats sounds cool." 

"Awesome I get out of here at seven. Here I'll put my number in your phone."

We exchanged numbers and he gave me a very unexpected hug.

"Glad that your back Sean." He whispered to me. I hugged him back and took in his cologne and natural musk. He smelled so good.

We broke the hug and decided to meet up at the park in the middle of town. 

×