 BOBBY'S NEW CAREER TAKES OFF

Bobby's porn career was well on its way. He had completed his first week of filming at the porn studio and the production manager was pleased with Bobby's performance. Bobby loved working with Randy and he never tired of fucking Randy's beautiful bubble butt. Bobby had so much stamina that they completed the first release of the College Roommates in record time. Bobby had also learned that Rich Skinner was married and had a family. Also the rest of the staff was married and straight. It was just a business to them and they were not into the gay scene at all. Rich Skinner had called Bobby into the office on Thursday to speak with him.

"So kid we need to come up with a screen name for you. Nothing corny but at the same time it has to be appealing to the audience," Rich told him.

"We'll you guys always say that I cum like a volcano erupts, so how about Bobby Volcano?" Bobby suggested.

"I like it kid! Bobby Volcano it is," Rich laughed.

So the first release of College Roommates would introduce Bobby Volcano to the world of gay porn. In addition to the video distribution the movie could be downloaded from three different web sites; Dorm Buddies, Frat Brothers and College Roomies. Bobby liked watching himself on video with other porn actors particularly Randy Bottoms. Bobby loved to watch himself cum all over Randy's hot ass.

The video had six separate sex scenes in it. The first one was the one that Bobby auditioned in that the studio elected to use. A second scene showed Bobby and Randy as roommates in college. One day Bobby was sleeping on the cot in the dorm room in just his boxer shorts. Randy came into the room with a Jerry another college friend. They spotted Bobby sleeping and decided to have some fun with him.

"Let's get him hard and make him cum," whispered Randy, "You have got to see him cum it's like a fucking geyser."

Randy and Jerry made their way over to Bobby's cot and they began to tickle his balls and pubes. Soon Bobby's big dick was sticking up in the air through his boxers. Randy fished Bobby's balls out through the opening and the two guys played with Bobby's cock. The scene called for Bobby to remain asleep as the two guys jerked him off. Soon Bobby's cum was shooting into the air and landing on his stomach as Randy held onto Bobby's cock. Jerry rubbed Bobby's bloated balls as Bobby came in buckets.

"Holy shit look at it all!" exclaimed Jerry.

"See I told you," Randy giggled.

"That really made me hot. I have to get off," Jerry whispered.

"Me too," Randy replied.

The scene jumped ahead with Randy and Jerry naked. Jerry was sitting on Randy's cot and Randy was sucking Jerry's cock. Bobby then woke up and saw his roommate sucking Jerry's cock. He also inspected his own body which was still cum covered. Bobby smiled at the situation and then got up and went over to Randy. Bobby knelt down behind Randy and rimmed Randy's asshole. Bobby fingered Randy's anus and thoroughly lubed it. Bobby then stood behind Randy and eased his cock into Randy's asshole. Bobby fucked Randy until he was ready to cum. Bobby then pulled out of Randy's shapely ass and came all over Randy's back. Jerry also pulled his cock out of Randy's mouth and shot his wad onto Randy's back.

Randy and Jerry then changed positions and Jerry sucked on Randy's cock. Bobby then fucked Jerry carefully as Jerry had a difficult time taking Bobby's cock. Jerry kept one hand on Bobby's thigh controlling the penetration. This time Randy ejaculated over Jerry's shoulder onto Jerry's back and Bobby came again also on Jerry's back. The other actors and staff were in awe of Bobby's stamina and capacity. Bobby's third ejaculation was as voluminous and forceful as most actor's first cum shot.

Scene three had Randy and Bobby going into the shower room. When they arrived two other guys Jeff and Billy were playing with each other and sucking each other's cock. They acted surprised when they saw Bobby and Randy and they tried to act as if nothing was going on. Within minutes the four guys were fucking each other standing up. Jeff was fucking Billy as Randy fucked Jeff and Bobby fucked Randy. The scene ended with Jeff, Billy and Randy lying on the shower floor jerking off. Bobby stood over the three of them also jerking off. Each of the guys came on their own bodies and Bobby sprayed his cum across all three.

The fourth scene showed Bobby and Randy studying in their room when a girl came into the room. But it wasn't a girl it was a guy who called himself Paula dressed as a girl. It didn't take long before Paula was bent over at the waist with his skirt flipped up over his back and his panties down around his knees. Randy was fucking Paula from behind as Paula sucked on Bobby's cock. Bobby eventually came on the side of Paula's face drenching his hair and neck. Randy pulled out and came on Paula's buttocks. Then Randy dropped down and sucked on Paula's cock as Bobby moved behind Paula to fuck him. Paula shot his load on Randy's chest and true to form Bobby covered Paula's ass in cum. 

Bobby and Randy were absent from scene five. It involved Jeff and Billy meeting with a teacher because of their grades. Jeff ended up fucking the teacher while Billy sucked on the teacher's cock. After the teacher and Jeff ejaculated, the teacher then sucked off Billy. The final movie scene was a gangbang. Jeff and Billy were getting fucked by Bobby and Randy as Jeff and Billy sucked on two other cocks. Then Randy and Bobby went back to own room leaving the other four to finish off each other. After the four guys came on each other the scene shifted back to Randy and Bobby. Randy was on all fours with his gorgeous ass in the air as Bobby fucked him. They fucked until Bobby was ready to cum then he pulled out and covered Randy's shapely round ass in cum. Randy came at the same time from jerking off and he shot his load on the bed. Randy fell forward on the bed onto his own cum as Bobby kept shooting his load on Randy's ass. The camera zoomed in on Randy's cum covered ass and the letters came across the screen The End. It was corny but effective.

BOBBY HAS TO MOVE ON

Thursday evening after a long day of filming Bobby stopped for a drink with Randy. Bobby then went home after a couple of drinks and was greeted by his father who didn't appear too happy. Bobby noticed that his mother was upset and he knew that something was up.

"So how was your day today?" his father asked.

"It was okay, you know about the same," Bobby replied warily.

"I just got off the phone with your uncle."

"Yeah, how is he?"

"He's not doing too well. He came home early from work today and guess what he found."

"I have no idea," Bobby said cautiously. 

"He found Ronnie with two of his friends. One of them was fucking him while the other one had his cock in Ronnie's mouth. Your uncle went crazy and then he started drilling Ronnie," Bobby's father went on his voice getting louder.

"He wanted to know how his son turned queer. Ronnie told him that it started with you in this house. Then I find out from your mother that she saw the two of you having sex," his father screamed.

Bobby knew he was fucked but he was speechless. He had been seen by his mother and he could not deny it.

"I want you out of this house. By the time I get home from work tomorrow I want you gone. I never want to see you again and I never want to hear from you ever. As far as I am concerned I don't have a son," his father went on and on.

When he father finished berating him Bobby went up to his room. He didn't have to be at the studio on Friday since they finished up on Thursday. He would pack what he could and try to find a place to live for awhile. Bobby would call Lance tomorrow and ask if he could crash there until he found his own place. At least his parents didn't know about his new job as a gay porn actor. He couldn't imagine how his father would react to that. Bobby knew that his college fund was now a thing of the past and that he would have to pay his own way. He didn't sleep well that night his mind was cluttered with thoughts and possibilities.

The next morning after his parents left for work Bobby packed his car with all his clothes and personal items. He then called Lance to explain his dilemma and ask him if he could crash at his place. Bobby was surprised when Lance refused. Apparently Lance did not want a roommate even temporarily. It was nothing against Bobby it was just one of his rules. Lance explained how he once let a guy move in and then couldn't get rid of him. Ever since then Lance did not let anyone move in. Lance did give Bobby some leads on furnished apartments to check out. Bobby hung up with Lance and although he was disappointed he understood Lance's position. Bobby then decided to swing by the studio and see if anything was going on before he went apartment hunting.

Bobby arrived at the studio and he was happy to see Randy's car in the parking lot. Randy was going over the screen play for the next chapter in the College Roommate series. Bobby got a copy of the screen play as well and they read it together. The next release would be titled Rush Week. Bobby, Randy and others would be visiting Fraternities seeking pledges. Bobby then told Randy what happened at home and they decided to go to lunch together. During lunch Randy made a few phone calls and then made an offer to Bobby.

"Listen, we have an apartment over the garage that we have been trying to rent out for awhile. Since we are close to the college it will probably rent out this fall but right now it is available. Why don't you check it out and see if you like it," Randy offered.

Bobby heard him say we so he assumed that Randy had a roommate. "Are you sure it's okay?"

"Absolutely, we normally don't rent it out to people that we work with but I checked with my wife and she was cool with the idea since it's you," Randy replied.

"Did you say your wife? You're married?" 

"Yeah sure, didn't you know that?"

"No I didn't. Why would I? You're gay," Bobby stammered.

"Well I guess I'm bi. I'm a gay porn actor who happens to be married."

"And your wife is okay with it?" Bobby asked still in shock.

"Oh sure she's in the business too. She makes it with guys and girls. This is how we pay our way through college. I wanted to be in straight porn but it's hard to break in. Gay is the best way in and then I want to do some bi-sexual porn."

"Does she know about me? Does she know that I have fucked you and that you have sucked my cock?" Bobby questioned.

"Oh yeah, she knows about you. I bragged to her about your cock and how much you cum. She's anxious to meet you," Randy admitted.

"Randy, I've never fucked a girl. I hope she doesn't expect me to have sex with her."

"You better not unless you're making a movie with her," Randy laughed and then added, "Besides, I'm looking forward to you cumming in my ass. I want to feel that big load of yours in my rectum."

"Man you are going to get me hot, talking like that," Bobby sighed.

"Come on let's go check out the digs," Randy suggested.

Bobby called the garden center and told them that he probably wouldn't be in that day. Then they paid their lunch tab and then drove over to Randy's house. Bobby liked the setup. Randy and his wife had a modest house with a two car detached garage. The apartment over the garage had one bedroom, a bath, small reading area and a kitchenette with a breakfast bar. The apartment was close to the college where Bobby could go to night classes. It was perfect for what Bobby needed given his new direction in life.

"This is great. I'll take it," Bobby accepted excitedly.

"That's great news. Now what do you say that we break in the bed. I want you to fuck me and this time I want you to cum in my ass," Randy told him.

Bobby was thrilled with the suggestion as he always loved fucking Randy. Both of them stripped quickly and Randy retrieved some lotion from the bathroom. Randy knelt on the bed and raised his ass in the air. Bobby looked at him in this position and admired his great looking bubble butt. Randy reached back and lubed his asshole with lotion and then Bobby took the lotion and applied a generous amount to his own cock. Bobby got on the bed behind Randy and stared at the incredible ass that he was about to fuck. Bobby then spit on his dick making very slippery and eased into Randy's asshole. 

Bobby was gentle with him allowing Randy to adjust to his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Randy's ass and he fucked him royally. Bobby held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Randy's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Randy felt Bobby tense and then fill his ass with cum. Bobby continued to fuck Randy's ass as the semen backed out of his ass and ran down over Randy's balls. Randy fell forward onto the bed and Bobby followed him with his cock still buried in Randy's ass. Bobby was so turned on that he remained hard and he began to fuck Randy again.

Bobby was buried balls deep in Randy's tight asshole. Randy was flattened on the bed face down as Bobby drove his cock deep into the bowels of his favorite partner. Randy's ass moved under Bobby but Bobby's strength and drive kept Randy pinned under him. Bobby's buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Randy's ass. Bobby's cock drove into Randy and then retreated until only the head remained in Randy's rectum. Randy felt the shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh God your cock is so hot in my ass, so deep. Oh fuck yeah, fill me with your dick. Cum in me, I want your spunk shooting in my ass again," Randy exclaimed!

Bobby continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his fellow actor driving his cock into the warm recess. Bobby sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Randy's hot ass. Bobby felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Bobby felt Randy's anal muscles tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of spunk out of it.

"Oh shit, I feel it. I love it when you cum in my ass. I love your hot seed flooding my ass," Randy cried out, "That's what I love about you Bobby, you can cum forever!"

"My turn now Bobby, I'm so hot that I need to get my cock in your ass," Randy said excitedly.

Randy grabbed the lotion from his nightstand and quickly covered his cock with it. Then he pushed his rock hard cock into Bobby's ass and fucked him hard and fast. Bobby grunted under the assault of his ass but he pushed back to try to get all of Randy's cock in him. Randy pounded his friend's ass as he raced toward an orgasm. Randy came and filled Bobby's ass with semen. Bobby squealed when he felt the warm liquid shoot into his ass. Randy continued to fuck him until his cock softened and slipped from Bobby's ass. Bobby rolled over on his back and Randy's mouth immediately covered Bobby's cock. Randy sucked on his cock until Bobby shot his third wad of the afternoon in Randy's mouth.

"Oh God I'm cumming. Suck me Randy, take it all. Oh you are so good!" Bobby exclaimed as his seed filled Randy's mouth.

The two pretty boys lay side by side after their orgasms and held onto each other's cock. It didn't take long before they were hot again and they sucked each other in a 69 position and played with each other's ass. Then Bobby fucked Randy in the ass and Randy reciprocated by fucking Bobby in the ass again. They stayed in the garage apartment to almost 4:00 PM and then totally drained they cleaned up and got dressed. Randy invited Bobby to dinner that evening and then he went back to the house. Bobby looked around the apartment again and he couldn't believe his good fortune. The apartment was great for his needs, the rental rate was right and he would have access to Randy's great ass. Bobby wondered what Lori was like and then he began to move his things into the apartment. 

BOBBY MEETS LORI

Bobby joined Randy and Lori at the house for dinner that night and afterward they sat around and got better acquainted. Bobby liked Lori as she was very pretty and very down to earth. Lori was about 5'5" and she couldn't have weighed more than 110 pounds. She was 23 years old but she looked like she was 15. It was no wonder the porn studio liked her. She had natural tits that were probably 33 or 34 B-cup. She had shapely legs, narrow waist and a killer ass. Her hair was brown and she wore it in a pony tail. She often wore it in pigtails when she was filming to make her look even younger. Lori was currently working in a movie about students and teachers.

"So did you guys fuck today?" Lori asked directly as the three of them relaxed with a beer.

Bobby almost spit out his beer but Randy laughed and replied, "We didn't film today but Bobby and I broke in the apartment bed this afternoon."

"Bobby, I hear that you have never had sex with a girl. Is that true?" Lori asked.

Bobby blushed at her frankness but answered, "That's true, I have only been with guys."

"Are you curious about girls? Would you like to try to have sex with them? Lori pressed on.

"I don't think so. I really like guys," Bobby answered as he was becoming more comfortable with Lori and he line of questioning.

"You know a lot of people feel that getting a blow job or fucking an ass is no different whether it's a guy or a girl. A mouth is a mouth and an asshole is an asshole," Lori stated.

"I never thought of it that way," Bobby admitted.

"I think that there are more bi-sexual people these days and that they are enjoying both sexes. Randy and I do. He likes girls and guys just like I do," Lori continued and then added, "If you ever want to experiment let me know. Randy tells me that you have a great cock."

Bobby looked at Randy in disbelief as Lori made her desires known. Randy smiled at Bobby and nodded his approval. "Bobby if you ever want to join us in bed, you have an open invitation."

"I would love to see you fuck Randy," Lori admitted and then added, "And I would love to feel your big cock in me."

"Bobby, I'm telling you it is no different fucking an ass or mouth. You don't have to fuck my wife's pussy if that turns you off," Randy continued.

"I don't know. I need some time to think about it. Everything is happening pretty fast," Bobby stammered.

"Hey take your time. We can do some threesomes and you can continue to fuck Randy. That way you will get used to me being in the same bed," Lori suggested.

Bobby nodded as that made more sense to him. Then he looked at the time and excused himself. "I have to get to bed. I have to be at the garden center tomorrow. Thanks for a great dinner. I'll see you tomorrow night," Bobby said and then left the house.

That night Bobby was haunted by Lori's suggestive nature. He had a restless night sleep as he dreamed about a naked Lori in bed with him. It was a nightmare as he cock would not get hard for her. Then in the dream Randy came to bed and Bobby fucked him. Bobby woke up the next morning with a raging hard-on but he opted not to jerk off. Bobby got up had breakfast and drove over to the garden center. On his way there he decided to quit working there. He would work the weekend as planned but it would be his last. He was making more money than he expected as a porn actor and he didn't need the garden center job.

BOBBY'S NEXT STEP

Bobby quit his job at the garden center as planned and worked all week at the studio. He and Randy had done a couple of scenes together and he had his first experience with a staff member. The guy in charge of makeup was gay and one day he was fixing Bobby's hair before a shoot. Jamie kept touching Bobby as he moved around him. Bobby was just wearing a robe and he was naked under it. Jamie spotted the robe move and he knew that bobby was hard.

"Bobby I have been dying to suck your cock. Will you let me?" Jamie whispered as he parted Bobby's robe.
