 I see me sneaking into your room early in the morning. You're still asleep but luckily you sleep in the nude. I slowly slip the sheets down your body and freeze for a second as you give a slight whimper, but I am relieved that you haven't woken up, at least not yet. Your delicious manmeat is lying across your leg and I lick my lips in anticipation. 

I lie between your open legs and tentatively lick your soft cock. You shift but still remain asleep. I then take just the head of your cock in my mouth and gingerly start to suck. Your body responds and your cock slowly starts to grow. I take more into my mouth as it grows and as it reaches its full length I look up to your face and see you smiling at me. 

"I would love to wake up like this every morning," you say. 

I release your cock from my mouth and nuzzle your balls against my face. "Sounds good to me," I reply and take your sac into my mouth and start to suck on your heavy balls. "Is this for me?" 

"Oh, yes baby," you moan out. "Come up here so I can help you out too." 

I need no encouragement and shimmy up your body so I can sit on your chest. You lick the tip of my dick and my whole body shakes with pleasure. You smile and then swallow me all the way down. You continue for a few minutes and then I cry out, "baby stop cus I'm about to burst." 

You ease off and then scoot me up a little more. You then start to rim my pussy. I'm squealing on top of you but you continue for a few minutes until I'm sopping wet. When you stop, I know what to do and slide down your body till I'm just above your cock. I then squat up and place your beautiful cock at my entrance and start to ease down. Soon my hips are all the way down and I'm full with your cock. I slowly start going up and down, enjoying the stimulation in my pussy. 

"I'm getting close baby," you state, "and I want you to cum with me." 

"I'm so close too!" 

You then reach up and grab my cock and start ever-so-lightly stroking me. "I'm gonna bust any minute," I squeal. 

You then start humping up into me harder and start to stroke my cock with vigor. I cry out and shoot across your stomach and chest, and the clamping down of my ass cause you such friction that you start to shoot your massive load in my pussy. I can feel my insides being sloshed with you cum and I'm so content. 

When you've finished, I pinch my cheeks together and then squat over your chest and let your cum seep back out and join mine. I then lay down and start to lick it up and swallow it down greedily. When I get the last bit in my mouth, you bring me up so that we can share the last bit together in a sloppy kiss. 

"MMMM, we sure do taste good baby. But it's still early." I chuckle and then just lay my head down on your chest and we drift back to sleep.



I wake up from our light slumber. I pick my face off your chest but you are still sleeping. I ease my way off your body and get up (thank goodness you're a sound sleeper). 

I tip-toe out of the room and head down to the bathroom. I turn on the shower and use the bathroom as it warms up. I step in and wash my hair and body. The warm water feels really good and so I just stand under it with my eyes close and feel so relaxed. 

All of a sudden I feel your presence behind me, and feel your limp cock rest in between my cheeks. Having you naked and so near me always gets me going. You circle your arms around my chest to embrace me and then look over your shoulder down to my rising crotch. 

"It seems that someone is happy to see me," you chuckle. 

"He's always happy to see you," I reply. Then I lean my head to the side and lean in for a soft kiss. "I'm always happy to see you too." 

We softly kiss for a second but then you pull your lips from mine and start to kiss the nape of my neck. You know that drives me crazy and I start to moan. You then lightly bite my ear lobe and that sends me into overdrive. You ease up because you want this to last and you want to thank me for this morning. You kneel down behind me in the shower and say, "I think you missed a spot." 

Before I can ask what you're talking about, you dive tongue-first into my ass. I let out a little squeal and then just start moaning as you rim me for about five minutes. 

"I can't quite reach it with this equipment," you say and then spin me around. You start to lick just the head of my engorged cock as you knead my ass. The water is now running down my back and ass and so you start to slide first one and then two fingers in my ass. 

By now you are mouthing my balls and no matter how much I plead with my eyes, you won't take my dick in your mouth just yet. As you slide your third finger in my ass you start to lick up and down my cock, but still you won't let me in. As my breathing is becoming ragged you take me down to the root in one swift motion. 

You only bob once and then you say, "I'm gonna have to bust out the large equipment to get you totally clean." 

I giggle at your joke and then look down. "That is some rather large equipment there," I say. "I hope it will fit." 

"Oh don't worry about that," you say. "I know how to use it properly and I'm sure there won't be any problems." 

You then in an unexpected move pick me up and put my back to the shower wall. You line your cock up to my hole and start to inch it in. The water is now cascading down between us and my body is on fire with lust. I can't take this slow pace anymore and beg you to stick it all in. 

"Please stop torturing me baby and give it all to me. I need that large equipment to fill me up now." 

You grin and then with one thrust push the rest of your meat in. I lose my breath for a second and then can only pant as you start to piston in and out of me with your brute strength. The whole scene is too much and I feel my balls constricting. 

I lean forward and bite down on your shoulder and cum flies out of my cock and covers both of our chests without either of us touching it. As I explode, my ass clamps down. The added friction sends you over the edge and your spray my insides with your hot man juice. We both settle down a little and as your cock softens, you ease me down to the tile. 

I look at you with puppy dog eyes and say, "I'm all dirty again." 

"Hmmm, and that's just how I like you." 

We both laugh and then do a quick wash. We decide to take a bath to relax our tired bodies. I fill up the whirlpool tub next to the shower with hot water and you get in. I get in between your legs and then lay back on your chest. We stay like that until the water cools down. 

"It's only Saturday morning," you whisper in my ear. "I can't wait to see what the rest of the weekend brings." 

I turn to smile at you and we share a breath-taking French kiss. "Me either," is my only reply.

I suggested that we go to an early afternoon movie. You said that was fine and asked me what I wanted to see. I named a movie that had gotten horrible ratings and was in its fourth (and probably last) week of showing.

You groaned and asked, "Why on earth would we wanna see that?"

"Oh, I bet it will be great!" I say as I nuzzle up to your neck and then rise up and give you a quick peck on the lips. You reach out to grab me, but I respond, "I don't have much time to get ready."

You look quizzical at me and say, "The movie is in 2 hours."

"I know," I say back. "But I want to go as Madison."

Your eyes light up and a huge smile breaks across your face. "Oh, I can't wait to see her again!"

I tell you to shoo, because I have some work to do. I'm glad that I shaved my body when I showered earlier (before you showed up) because that will save me some time. I take out the breast forms I bought and glue them to my chest with the adhesive. I hold them firmly to me for two minutes and then release my hands. They jiggle when I release and I smile from ear to ear. I bounce up and down, and they respond likewise. They were worth the investment.

Next I clasp on my neon yellow bra over them to match my new panties that I got just for such an occasion as this. You haven't seen them yet, but I know you will love them. 

I then pull on a pink 3/4 length sweater with a brown and pink argyle pattern across the front. I then shimmy up a brown just-above-the-knee skirt to finish my garments (I don't wanna wear to short a skirt, cus people would think I'm a slut; I am, but only for you). I then slip on my pink flip-flops and move over to the counter and mirror.

I then apply some light makeup to my face and finish it off with some pink lipstick to match the sweater. The final step is to put on my blonde wig that flows to my shoulders. I brush it out a little till it looks perfect and then blow a kiss to myself in the mirror.

I think to myself, "that didn't take that long," but then look at the clock and realize that over an hour and a quarter of past.

The last thing I do before leaving the bedroom is to lube up a dildo (a little smaller than the size of you) and ease it up my back passage.

I come out of the bedroom and walk to you sitting naked in the living room (I forgot to tell you to grab some clothes when I sent you out). You're watching TV when I enter but when you notice me I see your cock starting to thicken a little.

I flash you the front of my new panties and ask you if you like them.

"Oh Michael, you have outdone yourself baby. Those panties are sooooo hot"

"It's Madison right now baby."

"Of course. You look beautiful Madison."

"Thank you! You look good yourself, (I look at your slowly rising cock.) but we better get going if we are gonna make that movie."

"I really don't wanna see that awful movie anyways baby. Let's just stay in and have some fun," you say as you walk towards me.

"No way baby. I really wanna see this, and I want to be out where I can be seen. Now hurry up and go put on some jeans and a t-shirt. No underwear," I say and give you a wink. 

You scurry to the bedroom and are back within two minutes.

"A little anxious to see the movie now are we?"

"Not at all. I just wanna go, so we can get back," you say as you rap me in your arms and bring me in for a kiss.

I only suck on your tongue for a moment before I break away and we head to the car. We get to the movies and you purchase the tickets and ask me if I want any snacks

"Oh I'm craving a little something baby, but you can't find it at the snack bar, and it definitely ain't little."

I see your cock start to make a small tent in your shorts and I smile like the Cheshire cat. I can see the hungry looks I'm getting from men around the theater and it just turns me on even more.

We get into the theater and sit in the back row. The previews start and we are the only ones in the theater.

"I told you this movie isn't any good," you say. "We're the only ones in the whole theater."

"I think you are gonna love this movie baby," I say as I reach over and rub your crotch. "Don't you trust me?"

You look at me and say, "Of course baby," and then lean in and give me a mouth-watering kiss.

The movie begins and after ten minutes I agree that this movie is terrible, but that is just what I was hoping for. I wanted an empty theater so that I could have some fun with you.

I lean over and whisper in your ear, "I think it's time for me to fill my craving."

I then open your jeans and pull out your large cock. I stroke it until it's at its full length and then lean over and run my tongue from your balls to the tip. I look up to your face and wink at you as I lower myself over the tip and go down all the way.

You let out a small groan and say, "You're right baby. I think I am gonna LOVE this movie!"

I bob up and down over you man-meat for a few minutes, but very slowly because this is just the appetizer.

You groan and say, "Come on baby. I need to come bad. You've had me worked up since before we left the house."

"You know how I showed you my new panties at the house?" You nod your head. "Well the back is the fun part baby!"

I then stand up in front of you and raise my skirt up to my waist. The first thing you notice is that these panties have a hole in them right where the opening to my ass is. You notice the dildo up there, but then you see that there is writing above the opening. You have to squint because there is poor lighting, but then you read what is written above the opening: POKEMEMON.

You laugh a little out loud.

"So you like?'

"I love them baby. Funny and so dirty!"

"I got more of them with different writing. I just loved the neon yellow of these ones! So are you gonna poke me mon?"

"It seems as if I've been beaten to the punch," you say and then pull the dildo out a little and then push it back into me.

A small moan escapes me. "I only wanted to be slick and ready to go baby. So pull it out and start poking!"

You ease the dildo out and then I slide back into your lap. Your cock slides right in thanks to the lube from our friend.

I just sit in your lap for a second to feel you totally inside me.

"I just love how you fill me up baby," I whisper. "It feels sooo amazing."

I tell you that we have to be quite and you agree because we don't wanna get caught. I slowly rise up and down on your big cock. You reach around and grab my fake breasts and squeeze them. You then pull me back so that my back is flush against your chest. 

You reach slide your hands down to pull on my knob but I stop you.

"This is for you baby. I'm sure you can make me happy later; but it's just for you right now."

I then increase the pace. Every so often when I go all the way down and bottom out I wiggle my ass on your crotch and feel you stretch out my insides.

"Those balls feel huge brushed up against me baby. You must have a lot of treats for me!"

"I've got a lot baby and they are ready to explode," you say between pants.

"Let it go baby! Give me all of your man juice!"

You gently bite down on the back of my shoulder to stifle your scream as your pump load after load of cum up my ass.

Once you've let go and I can feel you softening, I stand up and put the plug back in its place.

"This thing serves two purposes," I say. "It loosened me up, and it keeps my skirt from getting all stained," I say as I give a girlish giggle.

You look totally spent so I tuck your cock back into your jeans and tell you let's go. The movie isn't even half-way over, but the reason for coming has been fulfilled.

"We've got to get home baby, because I am so fucking horny," I whisper into your ear as we are leaving the theater.

"You were right Madison. That was a great movie," you say as we walk out to the car. You put your hand on my ass and gently push the dildo into it. 

I let out a whimper and look at you with lust in my eyes.

"That is just a foretaste little Maddie. At least until we can get home."