 I can say this true story started harmlessly enough. I was a young up and coming 18-year-old swimmer and between training and school, didn't have much time for anything else. I enjoyed girls, and they enjoyed me but the training and school took its toll on my social life.

At the time, one of my coaches, Mike, lived in this great condo complex near the pool. He was about 20 years older but still in quite good shape. Strong arms. Big chest. Although he was now a little heavy, he was very powerful looking.

Mike sort of took me under his wing and knowing I was having some troubles at home always let me crash on his couch or have a meal or two there. He always offered to give me "massages" but I never took him up on it. Being young and naive, I never suspected anything.

One after a really rough day of training, I went home and got into a huge fight with my folks and ended up running out of the house pissed off and angry. After a couple hours wandering around in the cold, I ended up ringing Mike's doorbell to see if I could crash there. When he opened the door he was wearing a towel holding a beer.

I told him my story and he let me in. I walked into his condo and on the TV was porn with 3 guys standing around this really young guy on his knees. They were taking turns making him suck their cocks. I was kind of shocked as I had never seen anything like it before, but I didn't look away.

Mike noticed and asked if I liked it, to which I replied that I didn't know. Was standing there, freezing cold watching the hottest thing I had ever seen. I turned away, but he left it playing. He asked if I wanted him to turn it off, but I told him that he was the boss so it was up to him. I remember I saw a little grin on his face. I saw that the young guy on his knees was taking a big inhale from something in a little bottle and I asked Mike what it was.

"Poppers." he said, and left it at that.

Mike took my coat off and made me a really strong rum and tea to warm me up. It was more rum than tea, but it worked. Seeing I was still cold, he suggested we go have a steam. It was late but it was always on.

As we sat in the steam, I had my towel wrapped around me, sitting on the lower tier. Mike was seated on the upper one. Between the drink and the steam I was really relaxing. Mike moved over and sat behind me. He started massaging my shoulders. His huge strong hands covering me. By now I was totally covered and dripping with sweat. Feeling no resistance, he continued. He massaged my shoulders, along my arms, down my back. It felt so good I melted. 

He then started massaging down my chest, gently pinching my nipples as he did. I felt my cock suddenly jump. He grabbed my neck with one hand, pulling my head back and massaging the front of my neck. I could feel his hard cock touching the back of my head. I pretended not to notice. His other hand continued to massage my chest, and continued down my flat stomach.

I could feel that my cock was now fully erect lifting the towel off my lap, but was embarrassed. He was my coach after all. He slid his hand up again and pinched my nipples harder. I let out a little gasp and I thought I heard him chuckle.

He looked down at me and said "Does Boy like that? Your cock looks rock hard. Boy must like it."

I didn't say a word. He suddenly grabbed my cock and my hair looking into my eye "I asked If BOY liked it?" I stuttered out "Y-Yes sir."

He pulled off my towel and started to stroke my cock, the sweat making everything so slippery. I pushed his hand way and he grabbed my hair, pulling my head back.

"I guess Boy wants to please Sir first," he growled into my ear.

With his strong hand in my hair, he made me turn around so that I was now on my knees facing him seated on the upper tier. His huge, thick cock inches from my face. 

"Stroke it, BOY," he ordered.

I took his cock in my hand, stroking it slowly, the sweat making it slick.

"Did BOY like the show in TV? Did BOY like watching that boy forced to suck cock?"

"Yes sir" I said without thinking. 

"BOY asked me what the slut was sniffing. Do you want to know?"

"Yes sir."

From beside him he produced a small brown bottle. He opened it as I continued to stroke his hard cock, loving the feel of it in my hand. 

He opened it and placed it under my nostril, squeezing the other one closed.

"Inhale, Slut. Deeply."

I did as ordered, taking it deeply. Then suddenly the poppers hit me. My entire body became limp. I opened my mouth to take a breath.

Suddenly he said "Suck it Slut."

Without warning me pushed my mouth down onto his huge cock. 

I took it in as far as I could and started to gag, but he didn't seem to care. He fucked my mouth, and the rougher he was, the more excited I got. I sucked and licked his cock as ordered. The drool dripping off my face. He fucked my mouth, using me for his pleasure. It seemed to last forever.

He reached down and pinched my nipples...hard. And I loved it. 

As I moaned, I felt his cock start to swell even more in my mouth. He opened the poppers and made me take another huge inhale. As I started to sway, he told me to kneel on the floor and stroke my cock. 

I fell to the floor, cock in hand and I looked up to see him standing in front of me, stroking his cock. 

"I'm going to cum, SLUT" and he stroked his cock harder and exploded on me, his cum hitting my face and chest, dripping off my chin. 

I was so excited as I stroked my cock I begged "Please may I cum Sir?"

He looked down at me, watched me stroke for a moment and told me to lie on my back, which I did without hesitation. He told me to lift my ass up and cum.

When I exploded, my cum also landed on my face and chest. He reached down and rubbed it all together over my body.

He lifted me up and walked me to the shower. He cleaned my body from head to toe before taking me back to the apartment, where the story continued.......