 NOTE: The students represented are all of 18 years of age. This story takes place in a student's senior year of high school.

WARNING: I tend to use the "n-word" in my stories quite a bit. If you cannot handle reading that word, then this story isn't for you!

======================================

Over the next month, I learned a lot about how to be a proper black man. Andre taught me about something he called "Nigga Supremacy". He told me that it's the responsibility of all black men to breed as many babies as we can. I had seen firsthand the weakness and feebleness of white men, so when Andre told me that they didn't deserve to pass on their inferior genetics...I understood why. I learned what words like "honky" and "boy pussy" meant. 

He even shared with me his dream that one day all white guys would have their dicks locked in tiny metal cages. Once the girls in school found out that I wanted to have sex now, they flocked to me in droves. I must have fucked at least 50 different girls in the past month alone. I look a page out of Andre's book and learned to be as rough as I possibly could be with them. 

A couple of them had broken jaws, and most of them still aren't walking right. One day, as I was walking down the hallway, a middle aged man approached me and stood right in front of me. As I looked at his pasty white skin, I remembered everything that Andre had taught me. I felt nothing but hate and anger towards this man. He seemed to want something desperately, as he stammered at me impatiently.

"Um...kid...I think I need to talk to you. Could we speak somewhere private?" I could tell by all his fidgeting that he was clearly nervous about something.

"Yeah...whatever." I pointed over towards the janitor's storage room. As I closed the door behind us, he finally found the courage to speak up to me.

"Listen, kid. You got my little girl pregnant!" For some reason, the look of sadness and despair in his eyes made me so happy.

"I bet I did, old man. I've dumped my cum into dozens of bitches at this school so far."

"I told my daughter that this is unacceptable. I told her that she should have an abortion...but she said it's out of the question. Apparently she believes that it's a sin to kill a black baby...well...she didn't use the word 'black', but you know what I mean." 

"I don't think I do know what you mean. Why don't you say the right word, honky?" I could tell that he was scared by the way I was talking to him. I couldn't believe it, but Andre was right! This middle aged man must have been a foot taller than me, and much more muscular...but just the sight of me made him cower and shake.

"She said...n-word baby..."

"I said say the fucking real word, bitch." I could see him literally trembling in fear now. I reached back my open palm, as if winding up to slap him. He covered his face in fear and said,

"Nigger! Fine...she said she loves nigger babies." I could see a look of pleasure and comfort come over his face. I remembered what Andre told me about that word. White boys get a natural sexual excitement when hearing or saying that word.

"Of course she loves nigga babies, you retard. She wants her children to grow up to be strong and powerful."

"But...but she's not ready to have a child yet. I tried to tell her to get an abortion...but she just spit in my face. I...I don't know what to do anymore." I squeezed my hand tight and threw it towards his face. Even though he was much bigger and taller than me, somehow my strength just overpowered him. My hand connected to his face, and he flew back against the wall with incredible force. I grabbed him by the throat and pulled him up to a kneeling position in front of me.

"If you ever talk about aborting a nigga again, I'll fucking kill you and rid the world of your inferior genes." He looked up at me with sad puppy dog eyes.

"I-I'm sorry...Please don't hurt me again. I didn't mean to offend you. I'll do anything you want."

"Anything I want? Hmm..." I realized that I hadn't fucked a whore for about 24 hours now. I would give anything to blow the giant load that had accumulated in my heavy nuts. "I think I've got a way that you can make me feel better. Why don't you see if you can suck this monster nigga cock better than your whore daughter can?" I grabbed at the noticeable bulge that was tearing at the seams of my jeans. I think he was intimidated when he noticed that my bulge couldn't even fit in my hand completely...hell, it wouldn't have even fit in both of hands together.

"But...I...I'm not gay. I don't do that." He said, without taking his eyes off my throbbing bulge the entire time.

"Of course you're gay, bitch. All white boys are. Some of them just don't realize it until they see their first REAL cock. You're used to seeing little pencil dicked white boys, huh? You've never seen a REAL man!" I unzipped my pants and reached in. I grabbed my huge rolled up slab of meat and pulled it outside of my fly. I let my soft coiled dick unravel and fall towards the floor. The trembling man just watched in awe as my flaccid cock unraveled all the way down to my knees and rested against the outside of my jeans.

"Holy FUCK! I...I don't understand how that's possible. Dicks can't even get that big!"

"Not white dicks, that's for sure! But there's no limit to how hung a nigga can get." A little drip of drool fell out of the man's mouth as he sat there, dumbfounded. "You wanna see how this thing feels, huh bitch? You wanna see just why your daughter begged me to jam this monster inside of her...don't you?" I could see that he couldn't even think straight. I didn't need to hear any answer from him. 

I grabbed him with one hand and threw him over a nearby chair. As his ass stuck up in the air, I furiously pulled down his pants in one rough pull. I pulled apart his hairy ass cheeks to expose his butthole. It was locked down tighter than Fort Knox. Clearly he had never been fucked before. I gathered as much saliva as I could in my mouth and spit a huge wad right onto his puckered asshole. As my spit was pouring off of this man's ass and falling to the floor, I could hear him still begging faintly.

"P-Please...I...I'll never be able to take all that." I didn't give a shit what he wanted. I knew from what Andre had told me, that the second this loser felt my nigga horse cock in his ass...he would be addicted for life. That's just the way white guy's minds are programmed. I grabbed my now rock hard cock at the base and pressed the head tight against his throbbingly tight butthole. I could hear an audible moan of discomfort from him. I slightly pressed my way closer until the tip of my dick was pulling apart his asshole. "Oh shit...Please stop. I don't think I can take anymore."

"Shut the fuck up, faggot. I haven't even gotten the head in yet. Save your screaming for when I'm plowing your ass at lightning speeds." I tightened my grip on the base of my dick and pushed a bit harder. I kept pushing until the entire head of my dick was fully buried in his ass. I could feel the incredible tightness of his ass muscles that were desperately clinging to my cock. It was like nothing I had ever felt before. Even after fucking the dozens of girls at school, I had never felt anything as tight as this man's asshole. If this is what white boys felt like, then I was going to have to fuck white losers more often.

"Oh shit...I can already feel my asshole ripping apart. You're gonna break me...please stop!" He said, basically screaming at this point.

"That's just the head, fuckbag. But I can understand why you're already impressed. It is about as thick as your wrist, after all! But it only gets bigger from here on out." I looked down and marveled at the sight of me mid-penetration. 14 inches of thick black dick sticking out, with nothing but the head swallowed by his ass. "This is my favorite part...the first big thrust!" Within a second, I grabbed this man by the shoulders and pushed with all my might. Against all odds, my entire cock completely disappeared in his ass. I could feel my dick worming its way through his colon. I heard my heavy nuts slap against the base of his ass with a loud 'boom' that echoed through the room.

"FUCK!" The second my entire foot long shaft had ripped its way through this man's ass, I heard the sound of liquid hitting the floor. I looked down and noticed that a couple tiny drips of cum had leaked out of the man's flaccid dick. I had to pull my head away quickly. Just looking at his barely 1 inch long prick was making me sick to my stomach.

"But faggot...I thought you said you weren't gay?" I said with a clever grin on my face. "How come you came the second I filled you to the brim with nigga dick?" He was still panting loudly.

"I...I don't know. I just...I couldn't help it."

"Just wait until I've been pumping this ass raw for a few hours...you're really gonna lose your mind then." I pulled back a bit, slightly pulling out about half of my cock, then ramming it back in again.

"Oh shit...I...I can't take anymore! I-I feel dizzy." I thought back to what Andre had told me a month ago. When getting fucked by a nigga, white boys start to lose their manly demeanor and naturally fall into a state of cock-craving mindlessness. He explained it to me like someone was getting possessed. Once a boy lets go and gives in to their instincts, they start to beg and enjoy things that they never thought they would.

"That's it, faggot! Just give in to the pleasure. Don't try to resist...just let it take over you." I picked up the pace even more. Every time I pulled my dick out I could feel his ass muscles tighten back up. It was an incredible feeling to rip through his ass again with every single thrust. The sound of my nuts banging against his butt rang through the room. "Tell me what you want, fag."

"I...I want..." I was now pounding him as hard and fast as I possibly could. I had to hold him by the shoulders to stop his body from flying off the chair. "I want...NIGGER COCK!" He screamed at the top of his lungs as I mercilessly plowed his ass at lightning speed.

"Fuck yeah! I knew I'd break you at some point." I took my hands and tightened them around his neck. I squeezed as hard as I could as I heard him helplessly gasping for air. "Tell me what you want, you worthless mother fucker!" At this point I was practically screaming at the top of my lungs.

"I want you to break me in half with that monstrous, whale sized nigger cock!" I could see a huge grin on his face as I was choking the life out of him. Suddenly, I heard the door swing open. All I could see was the silhouette of a huge, muscular man.

"Damn nigga...you really gettin' rough in here, huh? The whole school can hear this faggot screaming for your dick." I let go of my grip on the man's throat to shake his hand.

"Andre! Good to see you, my nigga. I'm just breaking in this bitch here. He was mad that I put a nigga baby in his daughter...so I figured I'd fill him with cum just like I did with his whore daughter." He gave off a chuckle before walking behind me. He took his hand and grabbed my huge nutsack. He cupped my heavy nuts in his hands and rubbed them gently.

"Damn, nigga, you must not have cum in a while. This honky is really in for a surprise when you dump your load in him." He walked back up towards the front of the man. He grabbed the man's head by the hair and lifted his limp head upwards. As Andre looked at the man's smiling and brain-dead face, he spit the biggest wad of saliva he could into the man's open mouth. "Tell me what you want, bitch." As drool poured out of the man's open mouth, he tried his best to speak properly.

"I...I want more...more niggers." Andre let go of the man's head as it fell limp towards the floor. He looked back up at me.

"Damn, Darrel. You work fast. You've already got this faggot screaming for more." He looked down and noticed that my entire 14 inch shaft was still buried balls deep in this man as I was talking to him. "Why don't we see what kind of damage you've done already?" I leaned back a bit, exposing a couple inches of the base of my cock. Andre grabbed my dick at the base and pulled it back, ripping its way out of the man's ass. 

As the head finally came out, thick strings of this man's ass juices clung to my shaft for a second before dripping onto the floor. We both looked at the huge, pitch black hole in front of us. It must have been as wide as my arm, and looked seemingly endless. "Not too bad, Darrel...but you're gonna need some help if you really wanna annihilate this worthless waste of space." 

Andre reached down and unzipped his pants. He shoved his hands into his pants and reached down to the base of his knees. He pulled up this massive pile of meat that he let unravel and fall towards the ground. I couldn't believe my eyes. The length of it was about the same as mine. Both of our cocks stretched down to our kneecaps...but the girth of his was unbelievable. Mine was about as thick as my wrist, but Andre's was literally as thick as his muscled jock leg. I couldn't believe how wide the throbbing dick before me was. It must have been about 10 inches wide in diameter.

"Holy shit, Andre! That thing must be twice as thick as mine!" I didn't even notice Andre smile and put his hands on his hips. All I could see was what looked like a three legged muscle man towering before me.

"Yeah...this beast has destroyed countless white holes, and fathered probably a hundred nigga babies by now." He put both of his hands around the same part of his shaft. There was a good three inches of space between his hands, as he was unable to touch his own fingers together on his monster cock. "How about we combine forces and rip this faggot in two, once and for all?"

"Fuck yeah! I wanna see that beast in action. Let's show this honky fag that niggas really are better in every possible way." I picked the man up off the chair and threw him down on the ground. Andre and I lay face up on the floor, ass to ass, with our massive shafts sticking straight in the air. Our big nutsacks were rubbing against each other, as our two cocks wobbled around in the air side my side.

"Hey faggot! Get over here and fuck yourself on our big nigga dicks." The man glanced over at us with glossy eyes. A big grin crept across his face as he began to crawl towards us on the floor. He began to slur his words, almost as if in a drunken stupor. 

"Now that's what I'm talking about. My poor ass is never going to be the same." A pissed off look came upon Andre's face.

"Shut the fuck up, and just jam these two horse cocks into that boy pussy." The man was now crouching down with his ass floating above our two dangling dicks. Andre took his hand and grabbed my dick at the base. He pulled me a bit closer so that our two dicks were literally pressed tight against each other. I could feel the thick veins on his shaft pulsating from the incredible blood flow that was keeping that beast erect. Our two dickheads touched together and rose to the same height...although his was about twice as thick as mine. 

"What are you waiting for, faggot? Sit that ruined boy cunt down on this huge pile of meat." The man squatted lower until the head of our dicks rubbed against the still slimy and dripping wet opening to his colon. As he pressed down, my dick slipped easily into his gaping hole, while Andre's was starting to stretch and pull his ass apart.

"Oh shit...I don't think I can take it all. That monster might just kill me." Andre was clearly getting mad.

"Good! Then there'd be one less worthless honky in this world. Now shut the fuck up and force these two monster dicks into that boy pussy." The man pressed down a bit further until the head of Andre's whale sized dick was fully inside of his ass. The man was moaning and groaning while a couple tears streamed down his face. "Good boy! Now if you can take that much...you can definitely take the whole thing." Andre sat up a bit and grabbed the man by the shoulders. With all his might, Andre pushed the man towards the floor. I watched in awe as our two dicks were completely swallowed up by his slippery asshole.

"FUCK!!" The man screamed as loud as I had ever heard someone scream. With Andre's cock now squeezed tight against mine inside of this man's ass, I could feel it pulsating and throbbing like it had a mind of its own.

"See that wasn't so hard, now was it?" After a few seconds of the man just kneeling down against the base of our cocks, Andre punched him in the side of the ribs. "Don't just sit there, faggot. Use that gaping cunt to jerk off our nigga dicks." The man yelped in pain for a brief second. Then he started to stand up and sit back down in a very slow manner, letting our dicks rip apart his ass ever so softly. 

"Oh I don't think so, faggot. You're not getting off that easily." Andre looked over at me, both of us still lying with our backs on the floor. "Come on, Darrel. Help me pump this faggot's cunt till it's raw and sore." We both knew what to do. In unison, we both started thrusting upwards as quickly as possible. I could feel one side of my dick rubbing against Andre's veiny cock, as the other side stretched out the walls of this faggot's asshole. It was honestly the most incredible feeling I have ever felt. 

"Jesus Christ...I...I can't take anymore." The man's eyes had rolled into the back of his head as Andre and I were mercilessly thrusting our cocks in and out of his butt. Our big, baggy nutsacks met and slapped together as our dicks pushed their way into this man's asshole.

"Tell me, fag boy...tell me what you love"

"I...I love..."

"Come one, bitch. I can tell you love this...now fucking say it!" By now Andre and I had picked up the speed. We were now both tearing our way through this honky like jackhammers.

"I...I love NIGGERS! I love nigger cock deep in my ass!" His screams of mindless pleasure put the biggest smile on Andre's face.

"Fuck YEAH! Then take as much nigga cock as you can in that used up ass of yours." Andre and I kept annihilating his ass like jackhammers for the next hour. After a while, Andre looked at me. "I think it's time to fill this bitch to the brim with our hot, sticky loads." He looked up at the man who was squatting over our dicks and holding his stomach...probably hoping his insides don't explode from the force of our dicks ripping through him. "What do you think, honky?" Without missing a beat, the man smiled and said,

"Yes! Please fill me up with your huge loads of thick nigger cum!"

"Together, Darrel. Ready? One...Two...Three!" I felt Andre's big nutsack tighten and pull toward the base of his cock, just as mine did to me. I felt those giant veins start to throb and pulsate even more than ever before. I could feel his dick expanding inside of the man's ass with mine. It was like a sponge, filling with gallons of cum. Suddenly, both of our cocks erupted with torrents of cum. Since our dicks didn't make an airtight seal with this man's gaping and lose asshole...gallons of our cum began to squirt out of his ass like a fire hydrant. 

I could hear the loud bang of our dense cum splatting out onto the floor. After what seemed like a few minutes, both of our dicks had finally stopped squirting out cum. As the man lifted his ass fully off of our dicks, they flung back towards us. Both of our dicks flung towards our stomachs and slapped against us, throwing cum everywhere. As we both stood up and started to get dressed, Andre grabbed him by the hair and pulled him up. 

Cum was literally pouring out of his ass, as if someone had turned a gallon of milk upside down and let it spill all over the floor. "I guess you finally realize now why your daughter needs to have that nigga baby." The man reached back to his ass and pulled a big pile of our cum from his gaping hole. He shoved as much of it as he could in his mouth, while some of it ran down his face and chin.
