 The second release in the series College Roommates- Rush Week had begun filming. So far the first few scenes involved college freshmen visiting Frat house during rush week. In the four scenes that had been filmed so far a freshman visiting a Frat house ended up having sex with at least two of the Fraternity brothers. In one scene Randy was butt fucked while he sucked another guy's cock and a third cock sucked on his cock. Another scene had Bobby shoving his big cock into a Frat brother while another Frat brother sucked his cock. 

The third scene was really hot as Randy fucked a Frat brother missionary style. Bobby got behind Randy and fucked his hot shapely ass. A fourth guy stood over the Frat brother getting fucked by Randy and he had Randy suck his cock. The cum shot scene was wild as three of them came on the one Frat brother on his back while he jerked off and came on his own body. The guy was covered in a pool of cum.

The filming this week would involve freshmen pledges and their initiations. Randy and Bobby had pledged the same fraternity and one night after lights out they were rousted from their beds. Hoods were placed over their heads and they were herded over to the Frat house. Once inside the Frat house they were both stripped naked except for the hoods over their heads. Six guys acting as Frat brothers then began running their hands all over Bobby and Randy. Within minutes Bobby and Randy were rock hard and their erect cocks stood out from their bodies. Then hands rubbed their balls and fingers scraped their perineum. Booby was ready to shoot at any minute. 

Then a soft mouth covered Bobby's cock as another mouth sucked on Randy's cock. The only difference was that Randy was being sucked off by a guy and Bobby was being sucked off by Randy's wife Lori. It was part of the trick that Randy was playing on Bobby. Rich had gone along with the masquerade and he was enjoying the action. Lori was an accomplished cock sucker and in no time she had Bobby ready to blow his load. Bobby felt the familiar surge in his loins and he announced that he was going to cum. However the mouth did not leave his cock and Bobby was worried about cumming in the person's mouth and missing the movie's cum shot.

Bobby warned again he was close but then he lost it. His first jet shot into Lori's mouth and hit the back of her throat. A second jet filled her mouth before she pulled off Bobby's cock and then she used her hands to jerk him off as five more jets flew out of his cock and covered her tits in cum. Randy had already cum and blasted his load on his cock sucker's face and chest. 

Bobby and Randy were then pushed to their knees and they were played with again until they were hard. Randy was fucked from behind as the guy in front played with Randy's cock. Bobby's cock was stroked and sucked until he was close to cumming again. Then Bobby felt his cock brush up against a set of buttocks and his cock throbbed with anticipation of fucking an unknown ass. Bobby felt someone take a hold of his cock and guide it into the warm anal passage in front of him. Bobby felt the smooth flawless skin of the person's buttocks and he tried to envision which member of the cast he was fucking. Bobby loved the way his cock was sheathed in the rectum of his unknown partner and once again he felt his orgasm build in his balls.

Bobby called out that he was close to cumming but the person just pushed back and pressed against him. Bobby felt the anal muscles massage his cock and then he lost it. He fired one round into the person's rectum followed by another and then the person pulled away before he shot his next five volleys. Someone jerked him off as he spewed cum all over Lori's back. Then someone removed his hood and he saw the naked Lori kneeling in front of him. He had been hoodwinked.

The cast and the staff laughed at his dilemma but Bobby took it in stride. He had been fooled but at the moment he remembered Lori's words. "An asshole is an asshole and a mouth is a mouth whether it's a girl or a guy." 

Bobby looked down at Lori's cum covered body and watched as some of his spunk trickled from her asshole. Lori was a pretty girl and she did have a beautiful ass. "Was she the one who blew me too?" he asked.

"You got it kid," Rich bellowed.

"I hope that you're not pissed Bobby. We were just trying to prove Lori's point," Randy said meekly.

Bobby laughed about it and then said, "No I'm not pissed. You proved your point. Do I get to use the hood all the time?"

Everyone laughed and then Rich said, "You're a good sport kid," and then he got back to business, "Hey let's go the fun's over we got work to do."

Bobby and Lori sat around in robes as they watched the rest of the shoot. Then Lori, Randy and Bobby got dressed and headed home at the end of the day. As they drove home Bobby contemplated his future with Lori and Randy. He wondered if he would be able to have sex with her again. He knew one thing for sure was that he was not interested in her pussy. 

LIFE GOES ON

Bobby returned to work the next day and continued filming the second series of College Roommates -- Rush Week. He picked up where they left off the day before and completed the scene that had him and Randy naked wearing hoods. This time it was all business as Randy and Bobby had sex with Frat brothers in their initiation to the Fraternity. That series was wrapped up and Bobby was told that a new series would begin tomorrow.

When Bobby and Randy returned to work on Wednesday, a new series of College Roommates was started. This third series was called College Roommates - Swim Team. None of the scenes were shot by a swimming pool. They were all shot as if the action took place in the locker room or the coach's office. The first scene had Bobby accidently catching the coach and two swimmers having sex in the locker room shower.

Bobby went to get something out of his locker and he heard the coach's voice in the shower. Bobby's curiosity got the better of him and he just had to see who the coach was talking to. Bobby peaked around the shower wall and saw the three naked bodies. It was Coach George and two of the swimmers, Ronnie and Art. Coach George was washing Ronnie's body and stroking Ronnie's cock with one hand while he fingered Ronnie's asshole with the other hand. Art stood by and stroked his own cock as he watched his teammate get fondled and fingered.

Coach George was naked and he was sporting an impressive boner about 8" long and at least 5" around, almost as big as Bobby's own cock. Art and Ronnie had average size cocks at about 6". Satisfied that Ronnie was clean, Coach George turned his attention to Art and he was soon stroking Art's throbbing cock and fingering Art's asshole. This time Ronnie stroked his cock while he watched the coach play with Art's body. Then Art and Ronnie were standing back to back with their naked buttocks touching as Coach George jerked both their cocks.

"The great thing about you young men is that you can cum all day," the coach said as he jerked them off.

Coach George kept stroking the two young cocks until they shot their first loads. Art came first and fired a barrage of cum across the shower room. Coach George kept stroking Art's cock as he came until Art was weak kneed and begged for a break. Coach George then turned his full attention to Ronnie. He rubbed Ronnie's balls as he jerked Ronnie's cock and within minutes Ronnie was spurting cum all over the shower floor. 

"Art since you came first today, you will get fucked first," the coach announced.

Art turned to the shower wall and placed his hands on the wall. He arched his back slightly further accentuating his curvy ass. Art had a nice ass and like all the swimmers in the movie Art had no body hair and he looked very fuckable and very vulnerable at the moment. Coach George stepped up behind Art and eased his big thick cock into the student's asshole. Art gasped and dropped his head as he felt the impressive tool spread his anus. Coach George was gentle with Art and slowly fed his cock to him a little at a time. The coach would back out a little and then feed more of his cock into Art's ass. Once the cock was embedded in Art's ass the coach began to fuck him slowly.

Coach George directed Ronnie to suck Art's cock. Ronnie got down on his knees in front of Art and began blowing his teammate. Art was beside himself with the dual attention and it wasn't long before Art shot a load onto Ronnie's face. Once again Art got weak kneed and he pushed Ronnie's hand off of his cock. Bobby's cock was rock hard in his Speedo so he took it out to jerk off.

Ronnie changed places with Art. Now Ronnie was balancing himself against the shower wall as the coach began to butt fuck Ronnie. Ronnie too had a nice shapely ass and he grunted as the coach skewered it with his cock. Art dropped down and took Ronnie's cock in his mouth. The scene was repeated as Art sucked off Ronnie this time as the coach fucked Ronnie in the ass. Ronnie reached down with one hand and held Art's head as he shot his load onto Art's face. Art then took the cock back in his mouth and sucked the remaining cum from Ronnie's cock. Ronnie finally pushed Art's head away as the sensations got to be too much for Ronnie to take with Art nibbling on his cock while the coach fucked Ronnie's ass.

Bobby continued to masturbate as he watched the threesome. His cock was rock hard and the look on his face indicated that he was close to cumming. Just then Art who was hard again was directed by Coach George to fuck Ronnie in the ass. Art's cock slipped in easily especially after Ronnie's asshole had been stretched by Coach George's cock. The coach then got behind Art and once again pushed his thick cock into Art's tight asshole. The three of them got a rhythm going and Bobby was sure that the coach would cum this time.

"Fuck him Coach George, fuck his ass just like he's fucking mine," Ronnie called out.

Coach George eased more of his cock into Art's ass but he was gentle though relentless in his quest to fuck Art in his ass. Coach George would push in a little and stop allowing Art to adjust along the way. Finally Coach George began a rocking motion and began fucking Art slowly. Art's ass had stretched enough now that he was comfortable with Coach George's cock in him and he resumed fucking his teammate. As Art picked up the pace fucking Ronnie in the ass he was pushing his own ass back onto Coach George's cock. Coach George stopped moving as he didn't have to move at all while Art was fucking Ronnie. Art would bury his cock in Ronnie and in the process his ass would slide along Coach George's cock. When Art withdrew slightly from Ronnie's ass he impaled his ass on Coach George's cock. Coach George inched closer and closer as Art seemed to be able to take more and more of his cock. Then Coach George's pubic hair brushed against Art's buttocks as he was all the way in Art's ass. Art picked up the pace fucking his teammate and impaling himself of Coach George's cock.

Coach George this time came before Art did but when Art felt cum shoot onto his ass he lost it. Art's buttocks tightened as he pulled his cock all the way out and came on Ronnie's ass. Art covered his teammate's buttocks with an enormous load. That proved to be too much for Bobby and he shot his wad all over the locker room floor. Streams of cum spewed from Bobby's cock and puddle on the floor. Bobbie tucked his cock back into his Speedo and left the locker room as the other three showered and washed cum from their bodies.

"Okay cut," yelled the director, "That was great guys. Let's break for lunch and then we'll shoot the second scene." 

Everyone grabbed robes to put on their naked bodies and then headed to the dressing rooms to change. After lunch the next scene called for Bobby to be seduced in the locker room. Bobby was to act straight and let him self be seduced by another teammate played by Randy. Bobby and Randy were the last ones dressed after practice and they were alone in the locker room. 

"Bobby have you ever had sex with another guy?" Randy asked almost hopefully.

"Why do you ask? Are you a homo," Bobby challenged.

"Well the word today is gay and yes I am gay and I would love to suck your cock," Randy admitted.

"Well have at it then," Bobby replied firmly.

Bobby stood up and began to unbuckle his belt. "Let me do that," Randy asked.

Bobby stood by the bench as Randy sat on the edge and reached for Bobby's belt. Randy unbuckled the belt, unfastened Bobby's pants and pulled them down below his knees. Randy ran his hands all over Bobby's muscular thighs and underwear briefs. Bobby let Randy touch him and his cock stiffened in his white briefs. Randy then hooked his fingers in the waistband of Bobby's underwear and slowly pulled them down Bobby's body. Bobby's big erect cock caught in the waistband of his underwear and sprung out as the briefs were pulled to his knees. Bobby closed his eyes as Randy stroked it. Randy slowly stroked the big dick with one hand and cupped Bobby's bloated balls with the other hand. Bobby sighed as Randy's hands moved over the genitals.

Randy took the throbbing cock into his mouth and began to suck on it. Randy was a very good cocksucker and in no time he had Bobby ready to blow his load. Bobby tried to prolong his orgasm as long as he could. Randy sat on the edge of the bench and drew Bobby in toward him. Randy caressed the back of Bobby's legs and cheeks of his ass as Randy's warm, wet, wonderful mouth sucked on Bobby's cock. Randy massaged the head of Bobby's cock against the roof of his mouth. 

"Bobby, do you mind if I take off my clothes?" Randy asked.

"No and I'll take mine off too," Bobby replied.

The two of them stripped quickly and Bobby looked at Randy's ass. Randy sat back on the bench and resumed sucking Bobby's cock. Randy took Bobby's cock out of his mouth and looked up at him as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged Bobby's bloated balls. Randy then put it back in his mouth and took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged Bobby's balls. Randy tickled the cock head with his tongue and teased Bobby's pee slit. Randy had Bobby close to cumming a few times. Randy seemed to know when Bobby was getting close, and he would do things making him last longer, torturing Bobby in the process.

Randy then took Bobby's cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of the shaft, nibbled on the cock head and sucked Bobby hard. Randy reached under Bobby's balls and rubbed the hardness between his balls and anus. Bobby felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum. There was no stopping Bobby this time.

Randy grabbed Bobby's cock with one hand and jerked him off as Bobby exploded. Bobby fired round after round of cum passed Randy's head and it hit the locker on the other side. Rope after rope of semen shot out of his cock as Bobby seemed to have an endless supply. Finally the barrage subsided and Randy sucked on the thick firm cock until he had drained the remaining cum from Bobby's dick. Bobby sat down on the bench next to Randy and watched as Randy stroked his own cock as he spoke.

"I need to get off I am so hot!" Randy said in an excited tone.

Bobby watched Randy jerk off. Randy's hand flew rapidly over his 6" hard cock in search of his own release. He tensed slightly just before he came and Bobby watched as Randy ejaculated. Randy shot his load and the first couple of blasts landed on his neck and chest. Randy seemed to cum for at least 30 seconds as stream after stream shot out of his dick. Bobby reached down and rubbed Randy's balls as Randy continued to cum. 

Bobby rubbed Randy's balls and watched as Randy's body tightened and then relaxed as he fired his load. Randy rolled to his side away from Bobby and then knelt on the locker room floor. Bobby admired Randy's bare ass as it was lily white compared to the well tanned body. Randy had a beautiful ass and Bobby felt his loins stir and his cock harden. Randy looked over at Bobby and saw that Bobby had another boner. 

"Bobby would you like to fuck me? Would you like to stick your big thick cock in my ass?" Randy asked as he wiggled his shapely ass in Bobby's direction. 

Randy knelt on the bench and his 6" still erect dick wavered as he raised his ass in the air. Bobby was gentle with him allowing Randy to adjust to the size of his cock. Soon he was buried to the hilt in Randy's ass and he fucked the young man royally. Bobby held on to the pretty twin cheeks of Randy's ass as he fucked him thoroughly. Bobby fucked Randy until it was time to cum then he pulled out of Randy's ass and sprayed his buttocks. Bobby was amazing as ropes and ropes of cum covered Randy's curvy ass. Randy then turned around and Bobby dropped down and sucked Randy's cock. It didn't take long for Randy to cum and Bobby jerked him off as he did.

"Okay guys, well done. That's a wrap for today. Be here at eight sharp in the morning," the director called out.

Everyone packed up for the day and left the studio. Bobby drove back to the apartment thinking about Randy again. He never tired of fucking Randy's ass and he looked forward to fucking him again later that night. Bobby had become very comfortable sharing the bed with Randy and his wife Lori. That night Bobby had another new experience as he fucked Lori in the ass while she rode Randy's cock. Lori loved double and triple penetrations which she got plenty of making porn movies. However Lori liked to feel cum shooting into her pussy and asshole, something that didn't happen on the set. Bobby did get to fuck Randy again as he fucked his wife in the ass. The three of them were drained and sexually sated from a day on the sets and their sex at home. 

THE FILIMING CONTINUES

The next day at the studio the filming picked up with another shower scene. Three swimmers were in the shower. Bobby was working with two other actors Nick and Lyle. Bobby and Nick practiced late and they had kept the team manager Lyle waiting.

"Hey Lyle, sorry to keep you waiting man, we'll be quick about our showers," Nick yelled.

"Lyle, haven't you showered yet? Come on and join us," Bobby offered.

Lyle stripped off his clothes and walked into the shower when he saw the firm hard bodies of Nick and Bobby he felt a surge in his loins. Lyle was a little embarrassed as his cock hardened slightly into a semi-erect state. Lyle stepped under the water and turned his back to Bobby and Nick. The next thing he felt a set of hands on his back and he froze.

Bobby said, "Here I'll wash your back for you," then he ran his soapy hands over Lyle's shoulders and back.

Lyle was then doomed as his cock sprung into a fully erect state. Lyle stood rigid as the hands passed over his shoulders and worked their way down his back. When Bobby touched him just above his buttocks, Lyle trembled and moaned slightly. Then Bobby cupped Lyle's ass and then moved his hands around Lyle's body. Lyle could feel Bobby's erect cock pressing into his ass as Bobby reached around and cupped Lyle's balls with one hand and Lyle's cock with the other.

"Would you like me to fuck you Lyle?" Bobby had asked.

Lyle just nodded in the affirmative and Bobby pushed him over slightly. Bobby ran his soapy fingers in and out of Lyle's asshole and then Bobby placed his soapy cock at the entrance. Bobby pushed while holding onto Lyle's hips and the cock slid in easily. Lyle loved the feeling of a warm cock sliding in and out of his ass. By then Nick had joined them and he offered his cock up for Lyle's mouth. Lyle eagerly swallowed Nick's cock and then the two swimmers fucked his ass and his face until they came. They both pulled out at the same time and shot their loads all over Lyle's back. Bobby's first shot was so forceful that it hit Nick in the abs.
