 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

44 seconds. He had done it. Against all expectations - and warnings - Declan had broken the Westwell College 100 metre freestyle time record. He pulled himself up out of the pool, the watery echoes turning into living cheer and applause from the judges, spectators and friends who were watching from the audience. Grabbing a towel from one of the aides, he made his way back to the blocks. Coach was the first to greet him, a massive smile curling under his moustache. 

"Great work, kid!" said Coach, patting the young swimmer on the back. "It's a personal best, and you're carrying us to the state championships!"

Declan patted himself down, and shrugged modestly. It was what was expected of him in these situations. 

"It's such a surprise." 

It wasn't. 

"I can't believe I could do it."

He could. He had to. He had been training for it every waking hour of every day, throwing everything into his swimming practice. If everyone else - Coach included - had decided to think against him, that was on them.

Declan looked around, to discover that most of the team had vanished. He looked to Coach.

"Where is everyone?"

"The boys? Dunno. You hit the showers, and then we'll celebrate. State championships!" Coach slapped his newest star on the back, and then left to mingle with the adjudicators.

"You shouldn't have done that," said a familiar voice somewhere behind Declan. 

The champion turned to face Samuel, one of the other boys in the team. Declan and Samuel were on the younger end of the group, and as such had become something close to friends. Friends. It was an interesting concept to Declan. He had made a point of never befriending anyone who ran in the same sports as him. Samuel was a challenger at best, in Declan's eyes, and a rival at most - not that the young man ever knew it.

Declan gave his 'friend' a cheerful smile. ""Why's that, Sam?"

Sam was darker-skinned and curly-haired, Jewish, shirtless with an unzipped windbreaker, and sky-blue jammers so tight you could see his religion. He always carried a serious look, but tonight he was even more dour than usual.

"Adam's not gonna be happy. You broke the record. His record. You were warned about this last time."

Declan paused, his smile gone. "Yeah? Well, fuck Adam. If he was a better swimmer, he wouldn't have anything to worry about. I'm not here to play his rules or sit around and do shit all day. I'm here to win."

Samuel nodded, and looked away. "Alright. Fine. But you were warned. There will be repercussions."

"Sure, buddy. Whatever."

Declan pushed past his teammate, and made his way along the walk to the locker rooms. As he did, he ran the towel down the slim length of his body, patting at his pits, running it through his sandy blonde hair. He gave a quick wipe over his crotch and thighs, and a warm stir shot through his body. He had ignored himself in the days leading up to the competition - it was his habit now, borne out of routine and discipline more than anything else - but with the glory taken and the record broken, it was time for Declan's self love. And what love it was.

***

As the shower began to run, Declan looked at himself in the mirror adoringly. At nineteen years old, he was in his physical prime; boyish, smooth and hairless, but with a sharp jawline and a sinewy musculature that belied his rigorous training regimen. He had been chubbier when he was younger, but upon moving across the country, and starting a new life, he had remade himself. His body was the ultimate status symbol he could give himself; hard work to gain, and endless hours to keep. Declan ran his hand appreciatively across his abs, enjoying their firmness. But the best was what lay between his legs, currently trapped under the thinnest layer of white spandex. It was best that he was alone now, as Declan's ritual of self-appreciation turned him on immensely, creating a sizeable bulge that caught the locker room lights. Declan ran his palm up and down over his cock, enjoying the sensation of the spandex - cupping and form-fitting already - rubbing against his shaft and balls.

Making sure he was alone, Declan slid his hand into his jammers, and began to feel himself grow thicker in his palm.

"Who's the champion now?" he asked himself as he stepped into the shower.

Letting the warm water cascade over him, Declan washed the smell of the pool away, brushing his hair out of his eyes. His other hand stayed in his jammers, and began to play with his dick, giving him the fap that he had been thinking of for three days. His hand moved up and down, sliding against the slick wet fabric of the swimwear, slowly at first, building speed quickly - it wouldn't take him long at this rate to reward himself. His thoughts turned to the other boys in the swim team - all fully developed mountains of flesh and muscle squeezed into tight spandex. Declan had always known that he wanted every second of attention from the team - and he wanted Adam. Adam, the swim captain. Adam the shredded, chiselled, big-dicked ego of the group. Was that why Declan had done this? Broken the rules... to impress them? Maybe. Fuck them. He did it for him. Declan decided not to think too much about it. He instead closed his eyes, biting his lip in anticipation of what was to come-

"-I don't fucking believe it," said Adam.

Declan opened his eyes, and turned to look out into the steam that was curling through the cold air of the changeroom.

"Adam?"

A shape appeared in the mist, emerging to reveal the huge, dark-haired, broad-shouldered form that was Adam. At 24, with powerful arms and an Olympian swimmer's physique, he was the oldest, biggest and strongest of the swim team - a position that had been made clear to Declan the first day he had joined.

"You were warned," said Adam, as he stood before Declan. "You were warned. Everyone has their time, and their place. The record wasn't yours to break."

Declan looked around at the shapes that were emerging from the mist. Adam, but now also Bisby, Mack, Tom and Darrow. Almost the whole team was here.

"Look, Adam-"

"No, you look," said Adam angrily, with a tone of disgust. "You little fucking faggot. Who the fuck do you think you are? You think you know anything about this team? About what it is to follow orders?"

Declan could see that Adam was very angry, and from the size of the bulge in his shiny black jammers, very excited. He had a feeling he knew what was coming next.

"So I've been talking to the team," continued Adam, "and we realised we haven't been approaching enough of our time as a group. So tonight, right now, you're gonna take the lesson we give you. From  each of us ."

Declan looked around the other boys, all of them smiling. Bisby and Darrow were stroking themselves, pleasuring through the fabric of their jammers for what was to come.

"Somebody help me!"

There was no answer. No one was coming.

And so Declan ran.

He didn't get very far, though, as Bisby and Tom were able to grab him by the arms, effortlessly forcing Declan back under the showerhead. Darrow pointed at Declan's bulge, still firm in the warmth of the shower.

"Look! The twink's already started. How about we finish him off?"

Adam walked up to Declan, and wrapped his strong fingers around Declan's cock. "Now you're gonna get my lesson." He nodded to the other boys. "Watch the doors. We're gonna be here a while."

Declan spat at Adam, at the same time marvelling at how pointless an act of defiance it was. He knew he wasn't getting out of the showers until they were finished with him.

Adam laughed, and wiped Declan's spit from his face. "Spit all you want. I'm gonna enjoy breaking you in."

Adam gave the signal, and the two boys turned Declan over. They held him, their knees pressed in to keep his struggling legs wide open. Declan felt Adam brush up against him, hard and hot, the fabric of his jammers straining to contain his erection. Adam grabbed Declan's own jammers at the hips, and tugged them, pulling them down over the ripe round curves of the young swimmer's backside. Declan gasped in surprise, squirming in the water. Adam grabbed the jammers again, yanking them harder and more forcefully down past Declan ass cheeks, letting them fall to the floor in a wet lump.

Declan turned to see what Adam was doing. The captain peeled his jammers away slowly, revealing the monster cock that Declan had sometimes caught himself thinking about at training. Adam kicked away his jammers and placed his hand on the champion's head, pressing Declan's face into the cool tiles of the wall. Rather than look Tom in the face, Declan looked upwards into the overhead lights. He was trembling. It would all be over soon - but there was something else; was he... excited?

The first thrust into Declan's boy-hole was unlike anything he'd ever experienced. He'd been with a few guys since moving to college, and enjoyed his fair share of anal, but in taking cocks he had never taken one as huge and thick as Adam's. This was a man's dick, far bigger than anything Declan had ever inserted up himself. It was exquisitely painful. Declan gasped in scared excitement; he didn't want to want what was happening to him, but he couldn't deny feeling his own dick go rock hard as Adam rammed into him, again and again. He shifted his body slightly to better accommodate the massive dick being shoved up between his legs, and bit his lip as he took every blow. Was it worrying that he was perhaps enjoying it?

Eventually, Adam tired, and Declan was given to Darrow. Darrow wrapped his fingers around Declan's throat as he humiliated him, choking the young man. Mack and Tom, when their turns came, slapped Declan's ass repeatedly as they raped him, turning his cheeks red raw. Declan was by this point sore, but he never said a word. He wanted to frustrate them, to give none of them the satisfaction - especially not Adam. When the last swimmer was done, Declan was left to fall to the ground. For a moment or two, he just lay on the tiles, naked and exhausted, cum leaking out between his legs. The boys began to leave one by one. All of them, but Adam.

"We're not finished yet," said the swim captain, as he continued to massage his dick and balls. "You're gonna learn to swallow your pride, and everything else I give you." He thrust out his equipment, and watched Declan expectedly.

Declan got to his knees and slunk over to Adam. At crotch height, he looked up, and Adam looked back. 

"Get to work, faggot."

Declan opened his mouth, and wrapped his plump pink lips around Adam's hot, throbbing cock. The captain put his hands on the back of Declan's head, and held him there as he got to work. And that's how it was, for a few minutes: quiet, with the only noise being Declan as he sucked and licked Adam's dick. Declan ran his tongue over the head of the penis, the pre-cum mixing with saliva, the back and forth motions spilling the fluids down his chin. All the while, he never stopped looking at Adam.

But Adam looked away, staring out into the shower-block surrounds. And at that moment, Declan knew that he had beaten him again; he had taken the punishment, taken it well, taken it quietly. Adam wouldn't enjoy it as much, even as he shot his warm, salty load into Declan's mouth. He pulled his dick away, leaving a trail of glistening cum down Declan's lips and chin, and pushed the young swimmer to the floor.

"You've learned your lesson. Now clean yourself up. Practice starts at 6 tomorrow morning."

Adam grabbed his jammers and his towel, and left to rinse off. He left Declan laying on the floor, bruised, sore and aching. The champion watched his captain go, wiped the cum from his lips, rolled over onto his back to let the water rain onto him.

Declan smiled weakly to himself. He knew the rules now. And someday soon, if he was brave enough, he might break them again.