 I have used craigslist to find guys that I can suck off. I think I have sucked cock for about 30 guys. I state in my ad that I want to swallow their load. Most shoot their cum into my mouth while I suck them. I swallow their cum and keep sucking their hard cock. Sometimes a guy will pull his cock out of my mouth and shoot his load on my face. Then he uses his cock to push his warm cum into my mouth.

Most guys are a little shy. There is usually a little small talk and he asks me where I want him to sit.

But one guy was more dominant and he took control of the situation. I opened the door for him and he moved into my house quickly. He was in his 40s and a very handsome latino guy. Before I closed the door, he was already undoing his pants and his cock was out. There was a sexy guy in my house with his cock in his hands and we had not spoken a word. 

He walked to me and put his hand on my shoulder. As he pushed me down on my knees, he slipped out of his pants. This was happening so fast and it made me so excited. I noticed he was uncut and I thought I could tease him for a while by licking and sucking his foreskin. Instead, he planted his big balls on my face and made me lick and suck them. 

He tasted so good. I wanted to suck his balls all day. He pulled back and started to slap my face with his cock. His cock was so big and hard now. I think he was 8" long.

He put his cock to my lips and slid his cock into my mouth. He said, "suck" and and I sucked making my wet mouth tight around his cock. I could hear him breathe deeper as he put his hands around my head. He started to fuck my mouth slowly.

I thought I was going to use my skills to give him a fantastic blowjob but instead he was going to use my mouth the way he wanted. I just needed to keep up with him.

He pulled his cock out of my mouth again. He rubbed his cockhead on my wet lips. I licked his cockhead and his foreskin. Then he slid his hard cock between my lips. This time he did not fuck my mouth. He pushed his cock deep in my mouth and held it there. He pulled back a little and went deep again. His cock was so far in my mouth now. 

"Take a breath," he said. I took a breath and he held my head tightly and slid his long cock deeper. I felt him in the back of my throat for a moment. Then he went further. His cock was going into my throat. I've never done this before. I was worried I would gag but he went so slowly. It was really an amazing sensation to have his cock in my throat. He was teaching me to deep throat and we had not exchanged words.

He pulled back and again told me to take a breath. I took a deep breath and felt his cock go deep in my throat again. He slid his cock in and out of my throat. My throat gripped his cock without my intention. I was amazed by this. He knew how to use my body in a way I didn't know about.

Again he pulled back a little. His hard was resting on my tongue. Now I knew what to do. He waited a moment while I took a deep breath. Then he slide his cock deep in my throat. He used my throat for his pleasure and I couldn't keep my throat muscles from squeezing his delicious cock. It was a secret that he knew so well and I was just learning.

I was really enjoying the new sensation of having a cock in my throat and understanding the pleasure he was feeling. He pulled back and kept his cockhead between my lips. He let out a single load moan. I know my neighbors heard him. He started shooting cum into my mouth. His cum was so hot I couldn't believe it. He kept his cock in my mouth to make sure I swallowed his cum.

The taste of his cum was so strong. I loved how it was so warm but it was so hard to swallow. My mouth remained coated with his cum for hours and the taste lingered forever. He held his cock in front of my lips and stroked. He squeezed his cock and produced a pearl of cum for me. I leaned down and sucked his cum into my mouth and licked his peehole. 

I was ready to have him use my throat again. He came to me for 4 months and I began to love the strong taste of his cum. I think I am really good at deep throat now.