 Having been raised in a single-mother household, I had no father figure around to explain things around me or to emulate, which left me very confused about a lot of things in life but especially my gender role and sexuality in general.

Some time after I hit puberty, along with acne came another unexpected change: I noticed my breasts were growing, and worse yet, others had started to notice too. I often got teased and laughed at by both guys and girls in high school at the oddity of having man-boobs as a teenager. This had left me feeling shy and introverted as an adult.

Even after graduating high school, at 18 I would still pay a lot of attention to the kinds of shirts I bought to try to make my man poops and nipples stick out less. I wore shirts when going to the beach and the gym and basically avoided any activities that would require me to go top-less. 

For those of you wondering, no they are not outrageously large, but just big for a guy. I measured myself following some charts I found on bra/underwear websites and I measure up to a 32 B.

One night sitting home alone, feeling bored and lonely, nursing a bottle of Bacardi all by myself on my laptop, I got up on an adult cam site with local channels, and decided to get topless but not show my face and see how people would react to my body.

Most of the users appeared to be guys, half of them naked and masturbating, and as I was taking another sip I decided "fuck it" and stayed with one guy who looked like he was really enjoying himself.

He continued slowly stroking himself as he looked me up and down. 

"You have the biggest nipples I've ever seen on a guy, you would make a hot cross-dresser"

I literally blushed and I didn't know what to say. It had been months since I've heard any sort of compliment and the fact that he had complimented me on my most shameful feature had me completely aback.

"Squeeze your nipples for me... no grab your boob with one hand and squeeze the nipple with your other hand," he ordered.

He had my heart pumping hard and my dick growing even harder. All of a sudden I felt like a cam-girl... a complete attention-whore showing off to the hungry viewer

Taking another large sip from my bottle, I did exactly what he asked me to. I grabbed my right boob, a nice handful, and used my other hand to squeeze the nipple. I've played with my nipples before occasionally but it never felt as good as it did that day.

"That's nothing," he said.

"twist and pull that nipple as hard as you can. Like a girl would in a porno," he specified.

I went on to squeeze as hard and pull as hard as I could, feeling a rush of arousal along with a rush of pain, twisting and pulling as his masturbating started to pick up pace. He was now pumping with hard firm strokes on his cam.

All I could hear was his semi coherent mumbles as he sat there viciously jerking off with everything he had. 

"fucking whore! You know you want my dick fucking those tits. I'm gonna cum all over your titties, ohhh fuck yeahh," he said with a loud groan.

I sat here still squeezing and twisting as he kept on stroking himself shamelessly, jerking about his chair with a look of hunger.

"how many guys have you had squeeing your tits?" he asked.

"I've never... I never had a guy even touch my boobs," I admitted.

We spoke for a few, shared stories after stories of awkward upbringing. He was raised in a single parent household too. It turned out we both lived within a few miles of each other. He was bi and lived with a roommate and I told him I was single and straight but I had fantasized about cocks but couldn't bring myself mentally to fucking a guy.

"I have the perfect idea. You know the adult video store the next town over? The one with the booths in the back you said you've jerked off in once? Meet me over there, and i'll play with your tits in the booths so we don't have to actually look at each other," he said poignantly as if to solve a mathematical problem.

I felt scared, but a rush of excitement got me completely under trance. He seemed to understand my needs and feelings completely and I felt very comfortable talking to him. I agreed to it, told him I could start walking that way in a few minutes and told him to just follow me inside and go in the next booth over the one I go in.

"You are a bigger whore than I thought. I'll be there in 15 minutes," he answered eagerly.

It took me about 30 minutes, but I finally got to the parking lot of the adult video store. Again, my heart pounding and my mind second guessing this whole idea. A bunch of guys were standing around giving me the old stare down but I ignored them and walked straight for the store, with a slight shaking of nervousness.

Once inside, I nodded hello to the cashier and went straight to the backroom with the booths. These booths had lockable doors but the partitions in between the booths were cut off at the bottom, basically only covering the top-half of each booth. The darkness and sounds of porn made for a sexy atmosphere. I slipped in $20 and sat down, watching some porn while waiting for my new cam buddy to show up.

Finally, a sound. The door to the booth next to mine closed and someone was loading bills into the machine. I was sure it was him, but I waited for a sign.

That sign came quickly. I saw a hand stick through the bottom of the booth partition and I got closer until I heard him whisper

"get on your knees facing me you little slut," he commanded. 

I complied. I got on my knees facing the wall between us as close as I could get, with the lower part of my body up to my shoulders now exposed to him.

Suddenly I felt both his hands reach down and rest on my shoulders, pulling me closer to the half-open wall. Then, one of his hands slowly slid down from my shoulder, gently caressing my right boob and teasing my nipple through my shirt. Feeling my nipples played with and squeezed sent jolts through my entire body. I was playing it cool but my now hardened nipples were giving away the excitement. 

His gentle squeezes started getting harder and went on to fully groping, lifting my shirt up and grabbing my boobs and pulling and squeezing and twisting as if he was about to assault me.

He slowed down, thankfully, and went back to now squeezing and playing with my nipples gently with one hand as he was feeling my ass through my sweatpants with the other. It was going all too fast, I had never felt a guy grab my ass before, but I was so absolutely horny and turned on from his touching that I would've submitted to just about anything at this point.

As he continued to grope my breasts and nipples now with both hands I could feel his body inch closer and closer to me, until he had me in a full grope with his stomach touching my back and his dick poking my butt-cheeks.

He took one hand off of me to pull his pants down slightly, and then went on to squeeze my nipples so hard i moaned aloud in pain and joy as i felt his now-exposed cock humping against my pants between my butt-cheeks. We had discussed nothing like this in our conversations and I was set aback but as long as he kept touching me i couldn't stop it.

With my shit propped up and both his hands molesting my boobs he bent me somewhat over while play-humping me through my pants. I was enjoying him playing with my breasts so much that I hoped it never stopped. I started humping back against him to keep him going until he suddenly moaned loudly and I felt something drip on my back.

Before I could turn around, he mumbled something I couldn't hear, lifted his pants up and left.

I felt kind of funny as a rush of reality came back to me. I reached to pull my shirt down and I felt something gooey on my back. I scooped some up with my fingers to smell it and I was shocked when I realized it smelled like cum. I quickly wiped it away on my pants and left.

When I got home I found myself in a weird state of disbelief. I could not believe what I had just done. Better yet, I could not believe someone out there was aroused by my body. My man boobs no less, and he liked it so much it made him cum!

The thoughts went racing through my mind. I was thinking differently, walking differently, looking at others differently, looking at my body differently. It was absolutely great! I was hoping to have many more experiences like that.