 Edited by: MizTake - Thanks for all your help!

*****

This was our second loss in row and the coach was pissed. He yelled at the entire team but the captain and I were the only ones he told to stay behind while everyone else went in the showers.

"What's with you, Jackson??" The coach yelled at me.

He could at least use my first name, Sam, like a normal person, but he preferred our last names like a drill sergeant.

"We lost by two points! Two. Fucking. Points! You're a senior and you can't score a fucking point? Not one?!" he screamed in my face.

I already felt responsible for the loss. All of the points we each score are tallied together and determine the winner and I hadn't scored a single one.

"Thompson!" Coach yelled to the captain. "Knock this son of a bitch down!"

Joey Thompson quickly stepped over to me, put his leg behind me and pushed. I fell to the ground immediately and he held me down.

"See that?! That's two points right there! If you had done that, we would have won the fucking tournament!" Coach yelled at me, having to bend over to get close to my face.

Unshed tears pricked my eyes. I knew it was my fault. I couldn't figure out why I wasn't making points for the team.

I wasn't a small kid and I wasn't a bad wrestler. I just wasn't getting any points for the matches. Joey released me from his hold. We both stood up and faced the coach, still dressed in our wrestling leotards a.k.a. our uniforms.

"Thompson, I want you to teach this fucker how to wrestle. This is your fault too, you know! As captain of the team you shouldn't let your teammates out without knowing they can score points!" The coach yelled at Joey.

"Fuck!" Yelled the coach, walking away from us. "Don't come in to shower until that fucker can score some fucking points!"

We watched the coach walk out of the gym, swearing and punching the air as he went.

"I'm sorry Joey, I don't know.." I started to say but Joey turned and punched me right in the stomach.

If you don't know wrestling, punching is very illegal. You can't punch someone or do any of those things they show in "professional" wrestling.

I doubled over from his hit, trying to get some air in my lungs.

"What the fuck, Sam?" Joey angrily whispered in my ear, holding my head in his hands.

He pulled my hair back and slapped my face, boxing my ear in the process. My vision filled with white balls of light and my left ear rang where he hit me.

"You couldn't make a single fucking point?" He pushed my head back as I tried to regain my vision.

"I'm sorry, Joey. Like I told ya, I've been practicing! You've seen me! But..." I started, but he cut me off again.

"Yeah. BUT! You know what the rest of the team is saying, Sammy?" He whispered, mockingly, in my ear.

I shook my head.

He pulled my hair down, put his leg behind mine and pushed me back. I fell to the mat with him on top of me. He quickly wrenched my back and pulled my arms. He held me immobile. Joey was captain for good reason, he was a damn good wrestler.

It hurt like hell. My back, my arms, my neck and my legs all were straining from his hold. The team had worked out that morning and then wrestled all day in the tournament. I hadn't eaten yesterday to make sure I made weight today and had yet to eat today. It was now after 8 PM and I was exhausted, hungry and wanted to go see my girlfriend. I was ready to do whatever it took to get out of here.

"Whatever Joey. Show me what coach wanted you to show me and let's go!" I struggled to say through him pulling at me.

"They are saying that... that..." he pulled my body around again so I couldn't move. "That you're a faggot." he whispered in my ear. "Is that true?"

"What?" I bellowed, "No! What the fuck Joey?! You know my girlfriend!" I strained and tried to get some room to maneuver but he held me steady.

"They are saying the only reason you're on the team is so you can touch other guys. Not to help the team win" He said in a low, pissed off voice.

He flipped around on top of me and grabbed my leg and arm. He mashed his crotch into my face and rubbed it back and forth over my mouth. He grabbed my crotch in his hand and started pulling and massaging my package.

"Is this what you want, faggot?" He said in a low voice.

I pushed on him with all my strength and rolled him to the side, scrambling to get away from him. I stood and faced him, adrenaline coursing through me.

"There Sam!" He yelled with excitement. "1 point for an escape!" 

He smiled at me with a crazed look in his eyes.

I didn't want to turn my back to him. He'd lost his damn marbles! We started to circle each other, each looking for a weakness. I noticed a twitch in his uniform and looked down. He had a bulge in the crotch of his leotard and it was twitching.

He moved in and slapped me across the face hard while I was distracted. I saw stars and lost my balance. I felt his hands take mine behind my back and his legs trip mine up.

I fell face first, right onto the mat with his weight on my back, pushing me down. I felt him pull and string me like a bow.

"Is that what it is?" Joey asked me, sinisterly "You want us to treat you like our little bitch?" he pulled and stretched my body. It was almost effortless for him.

"Ahhggg!" I yelled, struggling against his powerful body.

I felt his right hand reach around me and grope my chest.

He massaged and circled my right pectoral. I felt his thumb and forefinger grasp and gently pull on my nipple. A shock ran through my body from the small nub.

"What the fuck are you doing?" I grunted at him, breathless from the strain he was putting on me.

He rubbed my nipple and pulled it, working it from the outside of the material. I had never had someone play with my nipples before. It made my body react in a way I'd never felt. He played with my nipple for a while, making the feeling go through my body.

I felt his hand pull back and go underneath the material of my uniform. His fingers found my hard nipple and he rubbed and pulled it again, the skin on skin contact magnifying the sensation.

"You like that, faggot? " He whispered in my ear, while he started rubbing his crotch against my backside. "You like me playing with your boobies?"

I could barely move. I struggled to the side and tried to roll but he pulled back on my arms. The pain was so intense I thought he would break them.

"Stop! You're going to break my arm!" I cried out.

He pulled on my nipple and licked my ear. I could feel his crotch rubbing between my butt cheeks. He ground himself into me, still pulling on my nipple. He started to suck on my earlobe and breathe hotly into my ear, causing goosebumps to run down my side. He lessened the pressure on my arm so the pain subsided and the feeling started to return.

He didn't release me but he didn't put any more pressure on my arms either. I was still trapped. He sucked my ear and pulled my nipple, rolling it with his fingers, grinding his growing manhood against my ass.

"You like the feel of that, don't you, faggot?" He exhaled into my ear, making goosebumps run down my arms and legs again.

He kissed down my neck and licked his way back up to my ear, making out with my neck. My position, the work on my nipple, and now this made me feel almost feminine.

"What the fuck?!" I tried to yell but only managed to squeak out the words.

He groaned and moaned into my neck, humping into my backside while continuing his manipulation of my nipple. He took my earlobe back into his mouth and chewed it loudly, causing shivers and goosebumps to pop up all over my body.

He released my nipple and I felt his hand slowly move down my side. I knew where it was headed as he reached my waist. I struggled but he held me fast.

I felt him reach under my leotard and slowly move towards my groin. He moaned into my ear and slid his fingers around my balls. He pulled my balls free of my legs and then moved up to my penis. He circled my startlingly hard member and laughed hotly into my ear.

I felt my body flush with embarrassment. I couldn't believe that I had a hard-on! I was shocked that my body was betraying me. It even crossed my mind to think of my condition. Now I was thinking about it, I was astonished by how horny he was making me.

"I fucking knew it." He whispered as his hand slowly stroked up and down the length of my dick.

I felt his arm and wrist pushing up on my leotard and then the fresh air on my dick and balls. He had somehow shifted my uniform so my entire package was on the outside of my clothes.

"Let's see what else you have for me." He whispered and licked my ear.

I felt his hand come up my body and he brought it to his mouth. I heard him spit into it and then his hand went back down to my balls. He pulled my legs wide open using his legs. I felt the warm spit running down my balls, into the crack of my ass.

His hand trailed down, following the warm path his spit had made. He licked my ear and groaned. I felt his fingers go into the crack of my ass and, for the first time in my life, another person touched my anus.

He groaned into my ear and pushed his hard manhood into my backside, pinning me between his hand and hardness.

"Your little pussy is all wet now." He hissed hotly into my ear causing a shiver to run down my spine.

What the fuck was wrong with this guy??

"Joey, what the hell are you doing?" I cried out.

He circled my hole, over and over, pushing harder and harder into me. I felt confusion and apprehension spreading in my mind and body. I was afraid of what was going to happen. I was starting to enjoy it but I didn't want to acknowledge that. I didn't want this new pleasure. I wanted it to stop and I didn't want it to stop. It felt so good! I was anxious and uncertain.

He groaned and licked my earlobe, breathing harder into my ear. The sensations overwhelmed me. I struggled against him, trying to escape but he held me still.

"I'm going to fuck your little, tight pussy." He taunted "Just like this." He breathed and pushed his finger into me.

I moaned as he entered me. I couldn't help it! I'd never had anything enter me before. My dick twitched and I thought I was going to cum. He kept his finger in me while he made out with my neck. I closed my eyes. He pushed his finger deeper into me as far as he could. I moaned again. He pulled it out and pushed it into me again. It felt so good!

A shock went through my body. I couldn't let this happen! This shouldn't feel good! I wrench away from him violently, rolling and pushing at him. I escaped!

I stood up in a crouch, facing him, breathing hard. He slowly stood up, stroking the front of his crotch, smiling at me.

"You get another point for your escape." He said in a low voice.

He pulled the strap of his leotard up on his left side and pulled his arm free of it, his eyes locked on me the entire time. He did the same on his right side, freeing his body of the tight cloth. He pushed it down to his waist.

"I can tell you like what you see." He said looking down my front.

I looked down and saw my hard member and balls still sticking out of the side of my wrestling uniform. I didn't move to adjust myself. I just left my hardness there in the open.

"You want to come over here and suck my cock before I fuck your tight little box or do you want to wait until afterwards?" He said while he stroked himself.

I continued my wrestler's crouch and started to circle him as if we were still in a match.

"You want to see what I'm going to use to satisfy your soaking wet, faggot pussy?" He said putting his thumbs into his leotard.

He started pushing the tight material down. I stopped circling him and watched, mesmerized, watching the material go lower and lower. Was he really going to take his clothes off?!?

I could see the mound underneath getting pushed down. He stopped as I saw his dark patch of pubic hair. I glanced up at him and he smiled and pushed down some more. I looked back down and watched the material go lower and lower, exposing a thick meaty rod pointed straight down.

He kept pushing it down further and further, inch by inch. I stood there amazed, watching him reveal his fully engorged manhood to me. It finally spang free of the tight material and pointed directly at me. He dropped the cloth to the ground and stepped out of it, towards me. Standing in front of me buck naked, I stared at him and his impressive erection.

He really was something to look at. Even though I'm not gay, his body was worked and molded to perfection. He was like an Adonis. I don't think there would be anyone that would disagree. There wasn't an ounce of fat on him. He wasn't huge in size but was lean and perfectly toned.

His tanned body glistened with sweat as he brazenly stood there before me. He smiled at me, reached down and started stroking his manhood in one smooth, fluid motion.

"Take yours off, get on your knees, come over here and suck me and I'll go easy on you. Make me work for it and I'll make you beg for it." He said in a straight low voice.

I almost did it. I almost got on my knees and went to him but then I turned and started running for the locker room door.

"Cooooooach!" I screamed as I ran.

I made it about ten steps when I felt his weight hit me from behind. I umphed as my body hit the mat and the air left my lungs.

"Playing hard to get, my little pet?" He hoarsely whispered in my ear. 

He sounded pissed but he wasn't even breathing heavy.

He forcibly put one of his knees into my back and pulled the leotard off my right shoulder and down my arm. I tried to fight him off but he was far stronger and had the position advantage. He pulled harder as I struggled. I heard the material rip a little and then felt the left side follow it down my body.

"I'm gunna eat your sweet little pussy." He said as I felt the material get pushed down my body with his foot.

As he pulled the material off my feet, I rolled and got up again. I ran the other way but didn't want to get jumped again so I turned and faced him. He was only a few feet behind me. I hadn't even heard him running. He stopped and faced me. We were both completely naked, crouched down with our arms stretched out.

We circled each other, naked and glistening with sweat. He reached in to grab my knee but I moved and pushed him aside. He reached again and again but I fought him off. He fained a reach to the left and I fell for it. I went right, but he was already there. He grabbed my leg and pushed me back.

We rolled on the ground. I grabbed his leg and arm but he easily broke my hold. We grappled each other on the mat trying to get the other in a hold. He lifted me twice but I pulled away and rolled. He didn't let me stand but when I locked his head in a hold I was up in a kneeling position. He broke out of it quickly and we rolled around on the mat trying to get an advantage of the other.

It almost felt like we were just wrestling regularly but each of us was using much more energy than normal and I kept feeling his erect manhood poking into me in different places as we maneuvered around each other. I never felt that before while normally wrestling. I also felt my hardness push into him again and again. I was no longer embarrassed that I was hard but started to accepted the arousal coursing through me.

We slipped and slid on each other's bodies. I tried to get an advantage over him but he was too good at wrestling and much too strong for me.

I escaped his holds again and again. He held me down and locked my arm. I started to buckle him with my legs and felt his hand grasp my hardness. I yelped as he jerked me off up and down quickly and then dropped his hands between my legs and squeezed my balls. 

I screeched and rolled to the side. He used his knee to pivot my body and rolled on top of me.

I tried to roll to the right but his weight on my back and the lock on my legs prevented me from moving.

He spun around and locked my head and my right arm and shoulder between his legs and squeezed.

"Gaaawhhh!" I called out.

I could feel the blood rushing to my head. I felt lightheaded quickly. I was going to pass out if he kept this up.

I felt something hot and meaty enter my mouth. I opened my eyes and realized he had shoved the head of his hard dick into my opened mouth.

"Ya, baby, that's it." He laughed and humped into my head, driving his manhood farther into my mouth.

I turned my head and literally spit his dick out. He laughed and let up on his squeezing. The lightheadedness slowly left and I came back to myself.

I felt his hands pull my ass cheeks apart. I heard him inhale deeply.

"Your pussy smells so fresh." He said as I felt his face part my cheeks.

His warm, wet tongue licked down the crack of my ass and over my anus. I yelped and felt my dick jump.

"Oh fuck yea." I heard him moan.

He shoved his face hard into my ass and started chewing with his teeth and sucking my ass muscles into his mouth. The feeling was amazing. He moved his head feverishly, sucking and biting into my flesh but never touching my hole. He did this for a few minutes getting closer and closer to the center of my ass. All of my attention was on his mouth and the suspense of him getting to my hole.

He stopped when he got to my anus. I felt his lips surround it and his teeth lightly nibble the skin all around the hole. He stopped again and then I felt him tickling my hole with his tongue. The sensations caused me to close my eyes. I stopped struggling against him.

He nibbled around and licked back and forth over and over my hole then he sunk his tongue deep up my ass. I moaned out loudly and pushed back into him. The new sensations he was causing in my body were extraordinary.

"Ahh! Yeeahhh!" He mumbled with his tongue still buried as deep as he could up my ass.

He hugged my body harder, our sweat covered bodies rubbing and gliding together. He shoved his tongue up into me even more, groaning as he did. I moaned out and pushed back into him.

I felt his fingers gently probing my chest and then locating my nipples. He pinched and rubbed them both simultaneously while tonguing my ass. 

It felt wonderful.

His right hand left my nipple and searched my face to find my opened mouth. He put his thumb into my mouth and, finding no resistance, placed his hard cock on my lips.

I felt as if I owed him something for the pleasure he was causing me. I knew in the back of my mind that I shouldn't let him put that into my mouth but I couldn't justify spitting him out anymore either. My reasoning was getting fuzzy with pleasure.

He pulled back and then filled my mouth with his warm meat. I didn't turn my head. I didn't actively participate in pleasuring him either. I was too overwhelmed to react. I just left it in my mouth as he ate my ass.

And oh god did he. He gently chewed and sucked on the skin around my asshole, shoving his tongue into me over and over. He moaned and pushed his dick in and out of my open mouth. I couldn't believe I was allowing someone to put their dick in my mouth.

It felt so hard. I could tell how excited he was by how much he was throbbing. I felt almost powerful, knowing that I was causing him pleasure.

I could taste sweat, musk and pre-cum on his organ. The taste was like nothing I had ever experienced. It was very erotic, knowing where it was coming from. It excited me even more. I closed my mouth around him, trying to get more of his taste into me.

He moaned as my tongue and cheek enveloped him.

I moaned at the pleasure he was giving me and closed my eyes, picturing what we must look like from the outside.

He had me bent around with his cock in my mouth and his face buried in my ass. He was still holding my head, arm and shoulder in a hold but there was no pressure on it. I could roll out at any time.
