 Rick awoke in a daze. He opened his eyes to see a messy bed still damp in some areas from the sweat and semen. His bottom was so sore and his small balls felt achingly empty. He looked around the empty room and felt used. He wrapped a towel from the floor around his waist and went out looking for Jack. He went upstairs and came to the master bedroom.

"Hello?" 

"Come in Rachel."

Rick went in and saw Jack lying on the king sized bed stroking a new hard on. 

"Glad you're awake. I couldn't stop thinking of your sweet ass Rachel. Go back downstairs, clean yourself up, and wait for me in the sex room." 

Rick did as he was told, washing himself and brushing his teeth in the shower. As he sat back down on the bed in the sex room, he couldn't believe what had happened. He had willingly given his anal virginity to a man he met online and was currently waiting for him to come down and use his body again. But the thought excited him. Should he leave? Why was he wondering how else a real man like Jack use his body for pleasure? 

The door opened. Jack saw his younger lover smile as he walked up to him. He leaned down and kissed him tenderly. He smiled as there was no need for a warmup. Rick surrendered his tongue and his mouth to him as willingly as his best trained boys. He stood up and closed his eyes and put hands on Rick's head. 

"How does a good girl greet her man?" 

Rick bent down, got on his knees, untied the robe, opened the cloth and began worshipping his man's pleasure tool and heavy hot balls. His left hand rolled the sacs while his right wrapped around the massive veiny shaft and began to stroke it. He wondered how this man could be so full and heavy again after the sex earlier. Rick opened his mouth and began to orally and manually worship. All other thoughts and doubts melted away when pleasuring his man. He learned how Jack reacted to different motions of his hands and tongue. For example, when he would roll the testicles with his fingertips, Jack would grunt in pleasure and it would fill Rick with joy to the point it was almost shameful. Why did it make him so happy to hear each grunt and groan according to his lips, tongue, and fingertips? Was he gay now? 

"Lie down on your back with your head hanging off the edge Rachel."

Rick did as he was told and was looking up at Jack's manhood. Everything looked twice as big. 

"Now you're going to begin to learn to train your throat to take me deep. Don't be scared. I will be gentle. Do you trust me?" 

"Yes..." 

"Ok, open your mouth for me Rachel. Breathe through your nose."

Jack began slowly teaching and teasing his boy with his manhood into the awaiting mouth and face. Rick was shocked as all he saw were his man's glorious testicles lowering onto his face. Big, heavy, hot eggs of a real man were being dragged across his face and then rested against his lips. Rick knew what to do and began lapping at them like an eager dog. He tried to suck them into his mouth. 

"Feel how heavy they are for you?" 

"Mmmmm" 

"It's your job to drain me again...."

"Mmmm Ok."

"That's a good girl, Rachel. Work my balls. Worship them. Show me how much you want what's inside them. See how full they are for you? That's a good girl..." 

Rick did the best he would do, eagerly listening for the slighest grunt or moan from his man. To gain more control, he reached up and put his hands on Jack's big hips and muscular glutes. Everywhere he touched, he felt the man's power. He tried his best to pull him closer so that he could better pleasure the massive scrotum. Meanwhile Jack's powerful hands and fingers roamed over the boy's chest, grabbing his pecs like breasts and even twisting and pinching the nipples a bit. He loved hearing his boy's learn that their chests were also for a man's pleasure.

Jack then pulled back. "It's time, Rachel. I'm going to show you a new talent you have to build with me because I like depositing into my girls deep. You're going to learn to control yourself and deep throat me. Relax and open your mouth..." Jack began to feed his manhood into a perfectly awaiting and angled mouth and throat. Rick semi choked when Jack's tip reached the back of his throat. 

"Calm now. Be a good girl. Calm..." Jack slowly inched his cock deeper and deeper. He could start to see the tip of his shaft fill the throat of the moaning boy beneath him. He felt his balls crush down on the boys face and nose. Gently he moved in and out edging a bit deeper each time. Rick reached up with his hands and began gently massaging and fondling the balls hitting his face. Jack smiled at how quick his new boy was learning what he liked. Rick was learning to control his breathing, learn when to swallow saliva so he could tighten on the thick shaft, and even dance his tongue along Jack's manhood during every stroke. He slowly pulled his manhood out and let Rick catch his breath. 

"Present yourself to me like a good girl Rachel." 

Rick got on all fours then lowered his face onto the mattress. "So good..." Jack caressed the ass he earlier enjoyed. He reached for the lube and began gently fingering in more and more. Rick knew what was coming and moaned in approval. Rick felt thick fingers explore him and manipulate him into squealing whenever they pressed on his prostate. 

"Jack... Oh God... don't tease me... Oh God..."

"Don't tell me what to do. A good girl accepts whatever her man does."

"Ok..."

Jack tossed the lube to his boy. "Prep me for your breeding Rachel." 

The young man jumped to his knees and started coating his lover's glorious manhood with the lube. He couldn't stop thinking about how lucky he was to be with a man who had such a tool and knew how to use it. He wondered how many boy's before him had been on its receiving end and thought to himself that he wanted to be remembered forever as the one who brought Jack the most pleasure. He wanted to be the best in bed for Jack in the whole world - again, an embarrassing but truthful thought. 

Once the shaft was ready, he went back to his position to receive his man. But Jack put his hand on the boy's back and pushed down until Rick was flat on his stomach. He wondered why he was in such a pinned position. He felt the bed rock as his man got on top of him, knees on each side of his thighs, clamping them shut. 

"Do you know why you will love this position? 

"No..."

"This way, I can pin you and pound you and best hit your G-spot..." 

Rick realized he was going to explode in delight if that were to happen. Already the physical control this man had over his body position was thrilling. It was strange to think that he couldn't move or get away if he wanted. 

Jack began kneading the boys butt, spreading and exposing his love hole. He aimed his manhood the hole and pressed forward. He popped in. Rick gasped and moaned. He couldn't believe it was the same dick he took earlier. Everything was infinitely tighter in this position. Jack lowered himself balls deep in a few slow strokes each time hitting or rubbing his boys prostate. Rick moaned uncontrollably. He knew he was no longer in control of his body. The older man began more and more forcefully bottoming out and hitting the prostate. The sound Jacks hungry muscular body pounding Rick into the bed filled the room, each crash triggering the boy's screams. All Rick could do was wiggle himself deeper into the bed under his lovers weight, his hands frantically grabbing at the sheets and his lower legs kicking up, toes curled tightly. 

Rick was in another dimension and couldn't help exploding. The feeling of being pinned under a man and Jack's thick manhood hitting his prostate was more than he could bear. Jack was whispering in his ear more and more dirty things. 

"You're the best Asian I've ever had. I'm going to love pounding this pussy I own every chance I get. God, you're such a good girl to me."

"Oh my God Jack... Jack.... Jack... I'm going to cum.... Jack! I'm cumming. I'm cumming. I can't help cumming!"

"Good, cum for me Rachel. Cum for your man." 

Rick nearly blacked out again as his body shuddered. Spray after spray of watery sperm came from his much smaller cock soiling the bedsheets. Jack pulled out of him and sat back as the young boy's body curled up and rolled over onto his back, eyes closed and chest heaving from pleasure. It was a look of bliss he had seen so many times before. 

Rick began to be able to open his eyes and look at the ceiling. He realized where he was and what had just happened again. His bull of a man was sitting next to him as he recovered from the earth-shattering orgasm. Rick couldn't believe that just a few hours ago, he would have called himself straight. Jack and his talented manhood had totally turned his life around and shown him the joys of receiving a real man and his semen. 

He caught his breath only to realize that Jack was still rock hard and hadn't cum yet. reached out and grasped the thick shaft and whispered to his older lover, "Can I ride you?" 

Jack smiled and turned onto his back with his head and upper body propped up against pillows. He put his arms behind his head and smiled to see his boy's transformation into an amazing girl. Rick straddled him with his hands on his lover's chest, aimed his lubed bottom properly and slowly began to sink onto the hot flesh until he felt the warmth of his bottom resting on Jack's big balls. He began slowly bounce up and down and loved seeing Jack's face react in pleasure each time he impaled himself on his real man. Jack's hands moved to the boy's butt, helping to lift him up and crash him down all the way. His hands set the pace and it was quickening. Rick couldn't help being mesmerized by his lovers face and grunts. He reached out, put his hands on the older man's face, and leaned down to kiss his man. He felt embarrassed to say what was in his head but he couldn't help it. 

"Fill me up... Fill me up Jack... I love it.... I love being your girl.... Fill me up... I love being your girl. I was born to be fucked by you." 

Jack couldn't help hungrily kissing back.

"You really love it?" Jack was now pistoning up into the boy's ass. Rick could barely breathe.

"Yes... I love... y... it."

"Thatta girl. Don't stop kissing me. Show me how much you love me." Rick's brain hesitated but the strokes of a hot manhood impaling his body and the emotions of the moment got the better of him.

"I'm yours... I'm yours Jack.... Oh God.... I'm totally yours.... I love... you..." 

That put Jack over the edge and he gripped his boy's ass tight as he erupted up into his lover. Rick felt the thick manhood inside of him convulse and pump warm jets of semen into him. He felt complete lying still on top of a shaking man who was still giving his load. Rick held his man's face and kissed him deeply, moaning each time he felt the manhood deep inside him flex and squirt until he felt nothing. He rolled onto the bed on his back next to Jack, his gaping ass leaking semen onto the bed again. He smiled as he saw the flaccid shaft and relaxed balls, knowing everything Jack had was inside him. 

Jack couldn't believe the intensity of the orgasm he just had. He also couldn't believe what he had heard his young lover say right before he came. Surely it was just the moment. Rick was thinking about it too, embarrassed at the things that came out of his mouth, how much he loved kissing his man during sex, the electric connection to have a real man's dick and tongue inside of you at the same time. 

"We better get you home before someone starts looking for you. I'm going to go up and get dressed. See you down in the living room." Jack slapped Rick's now red butt and got up left, leaving Rick in amazement at all that had happened since arriving at this man's house. As he got up and walked out into the living room looking for his clothes, he couldn't believe he had so intensely given up every bit of his body to this man, again old enough to be his dad and unknown more than week ago. It felt strange to put his clothes back on. It was strange to walk. His bottom was so sore.

Not many words were said on the drive back to the cafe where Rick's car was still parked. Jack didn't put his hands on his boy's legs like he had on the way home earlier. 

"You will be sore and should take a few days to recover. I'll contact you later." 

"Ok..." 

Rick got out and closed the door. He watched Jack drive off. He quietly drove home wondering if he would ever see him again. Maybe not. Maybe he was just one of countless boys brought home to be bedded, conquered, bred, and discarded. Maybe he shouldn't have surrendered his body to a man he didn't know. But the memories of how he felt receiving a man's desire and taking a man's cum confused him. It felt so good to pleasure a real, larger man. It was so fulfilling to make Jack cum inside of him. Nothing felt better than being held and used to dump semen. He hoped to hear from Jack again but decided to not meet someone online again. Maybe this one time, being an girl in a stranger's bed was enough. 

For the next few days, it was hard to walk. Rick told people that it was because he had been working out. He even deleted his online posts for an older lover and deleted all the replies he had gotten so far. He even deleted Jack's emails. But he couldn't delete the photos of Jack's manhood, his thick penis, his enormous heavy balls, and huge loads of semen. He kept them on a secret drive and found himself staring at them multiple times a day. 

To be continued...