 Rick was careful to hide the lingerie and plug he brought into the house. He carefully washed them and left them to dry in his closet behind his suits and shirts. That night, all he could think about was the next day. What could have Jack thought of to make him smile the way he did? How much further could be taken and used by a man he still didn't know that much, but clearly knew him to his core? What did the neighbors think when they saw him mounted writhing and squealing and finally pumped full of semen outdoors in broad daylight? 

The work day went by fast. Rick eagerly drove to Jack's house. Immediately he noticed a car in the driveway he had not seen before. Did Jack have friend's over? How would he be introduced? How should he interact with Jack until the guests left? He thought about staying in the car until the guests left but decided to go in. It was dark anyways, surely the guests wouldn't stay long. He quickly stripped naked in the car and got his "outfit." He licked the plug and coated it with his saliva and eased it into himself. It fit even better than it had the day before. Maybe he was getting stretched? He tied on his thong and his bra and stepped barefoot into the dark night, walking carefully to the front door. He wondered if anyone had spotted him. He knocked hoping Jack would hurry up and open the door before someone drove by. 

The door opened. But not by Jack. There was someone else at the door and that someone was very surprised at what he was seeing. The man stammered until Rick heard Jack's voice behind the door saying to come inside. The man let Rick in and closed the door. He was tall, also very built, wearing an oxford and khakis. Rick stood awkwardly in the living room as the man took a seat on the sofa. Jack was in an armchair, smiling, enjoying the view of his boy leaving nothing to the imagination... 

"Oh, this is my girl Rachel. We just met recently but she is the most talented virgin I have ever deflowered and enjoyed. Her moans and screams will drive any man insane. And that ass... as you can see... amazing." Rick's face went red and he could see the guest was uncomfortable too. 

"Rachel, this is my friend Matt. Matt and I used to work together. He's straight and married, not like you though, haha. He knows my lifestyle and how much I love young flesh. Come sit next to me sweetheart." 

Rick went over and was pulled next to his man. As the two men began talking Jack kept an arm around him and both his hands constantly touching and exploring his skin, tracing along the strings of the bra and thong. 

"Why don't you bring us two 7-and-7s from the kitchen?"

As Rick walked away, he could feel both men's eyes on his legs and ass. He couldn't help swinging his hips as the plug was moving inside him with each step. And he was right. Both men could see the sparkling plug winking through the thin thong strap.

"So Matt what do you think?"

"He's ... cute... where did you find him?" 

"Online. He was looking for a mentor. He was so scared but he gave it up to me so good. I think this one may be the one for me long term." 

"Are you saying that because he's Asian? I know you always wanted one..." 

"No... I haven't met a boy more devoted to pleasuring me. He doesn't have the skill but you know he wants to please. You can feel the desperation and passion." 

"Lucky you. At least you're getting sex." 

"Trouble at home?"

"Oh you know... kids... no time for any release." 

"That's too bad... I know how much you need that too haha." 

"Yea... " 

Rick came back with the drinks. 

"Rachel, why don't you go sit next to Matt over there. He looks so lonely on the long sofa." 

Matt and Rick looked nervously at each other. But Rick obeyed and sheepishly did as he was told, being careful not to sit too close to this stranger. The two men talked until they finished their drinks. Rick wondered what would happen to him tonight. All he wanted was to go prepare himself and be mounted in the sex room and be filled with Jack's virile sperm. Then he could go home happy. 

"Rachel, come with me to the kitchen, let's make another round for me and our guest Matt. Matt, we'll be right back." 

Rick followed his man into the kitchen. Jack grabbed him close, gripped his ass with both hands, and passionately kissed his boy. Rick was melting and dripping, forgetting all about another man in the living room. 

"I want you Jack... I need you so bad... I don't want this plug in me... I want the real thing." 

"Rachel, this is another step in your proof to me that you will submit to whatever pleases me..."

"You want me on my knees here?" 

"No... you see, my friend Matt is going through some tough times with his wife. He hasn't gotten any for months now. He's also very clean." 

"So..."

"I want you to go in there... and let him use your mouth to release." 

"But I don't know him! I want you, not him!"

"Shh... listen to me Rachel, you are mine right?"

"Yes.."

"And sometimes, it arouses me and pleases me to give someone else a small taste of what I own..." 

"But..."

"I want you to please me by pleasing him." 

"... Ok... But I don't want to do anything else with him."

"Of course. I haven't allowed that. You think you can do this? You think you can make me proud? Will you treat his dick like mine and swallow his seed the way you do mine?"

"Ok..." 

"I'll be listening... and if you do this, there will be a big reward for trusting me with your body even further." 

"Ok..." 

Jack and Rick walked back to the living room together. "Hey Matt, I have to go make a quick phone call so Rachel will keep you company here ok?"

"Ok man..." 

Jack winked at his boy and smacked him on the bare cheek as he walked over to his friend. Rick sat down next to Matt and the air was tense with awkwardness. 

"I hear your you don't get much sex lately..." 

"Oh my god did Jack tell you that?" 

"Yes..." 

"Why would he... umm... yea... wife and I are a bit distant..." 

"Would... you ... let me help you with that?" Rick got off the sofa and onto his knees in front of Matt who looked startled. He scooted up a bit. Matt seemed stunned into silence and Rick was equally quiet as he was so nervous. Usually he was led by Jack's demanding action. 

"What? No. No. It's ok. I'm not gay. You don't have to do this..." There was a quiver in his voice that even Rick could notice. He thought about stopping but remembered what his man told him. What was the reward? Jack was right... his body did belong to Jack to do as he pleased. He had the right to fill it with his sperm or, like tonight, let his closest friend try a taste. Rick decided to be bold. 

"I'm not being forced to do anything..." He moved his hands onto Matt's thighs. Matt shook a bit from his touch. As scared as he was, he couldn't believe that Matt was more scared. 

"It's ok... you don't have to..." 

"No Matt... I was wondering since I saw you how much of a man you were under these pants..." Rick's fingers moved to the tenting hardon. Matt was also a big man too it seemed... "I want to give you pleasure. I want to help you relax. I will pleasure you and I will swallow you... Let me help..." 

Rick began to undo the belt and heard no response. He continued to unbutton, unzip, and tug the pants off this quiet man. Matt didn't wear boxers, he wore tightie whities. Rick pulled those down too and out flopped a good sized package. Matt wasn't as long or as thick as Jack. Matt's balls were not as big as Jack's either. He smelled different. Matt moaned when Jack's feminine fingers wrapped around his shaft. Rick reminded himself to be brave and put the second penis of his new life of sex into his mouth. 

He used all he learned with Jack on this man. He barely touched Matt's scrotum and it made Matt begin grunting very familiarly. Jack recognized the tightening of the testicles, growing of the shaft that he was about to receive. As soon as he started sucking harder and swirled the tip with his tongue just a few times, Matt let out a shout as he pulled Rick's head as far down as it would go, pushing the tip almost into his throat as it spasmed load after load down Rick's throat. Rick noted it wasn't much to swallow as his man produced and Matt's balls deflated alot immediately after orgasm. Strangely, he preferred the taste of Jack to this man. He buttoned up and fixed up Matt's clothes and sat down sheepishly beside him. He couldn't believe he had just given oral sex to someone he just met because he was told to and wanted to please his actual man. 

"Wow... That was so hot to watch. Rachel, you really sucked the life out of him. Matt, how you feeling?" Jack had been watching from the stairwell for some time. 

"Yea... That was amazing.. I guess I needed that..."

"Rachel, what do you say?" 

"Thank you Matt for your gift..."

"I uhh... better get home to my family... Talk to you again soon Jack." Matt hurriedly got up and was out the door. He looked disoriented and embarrassed having enjoyed it so thoroughly. Rick found himself staring at the floor feeling a bit dirty and used.

"Rachel, go prepare yourself. I want you wearing only only that plug and waiting for me in the middle of the bed in your room. Ok? 

"Ok..." 

Rick went to the bathroom and quickly cleaned himself and went into the sex room. He laid down in the middle of the bed looking up at himself in the ceiling mirror. How many boy's had enjoyed this view before? How many of them thought they would be the one for Jack? How many of them did Jack move on from? Was he doing the right thing? He began to spread his legs and touch the plug with his fingers, twisting it and pushing on it. 

The door opened. "Watching you obey my wish even to submit to another man I picked and allowed was so hot." Jack looked hungry and his eyes were on fire to see his young boy waiting for him. Rick was excited but nervous at how horny his man looked. Jack grabbed both of the boy's legs and put each one on his shoulders. Rick knew that he was in for one heck of a pounding. He could hear Jack furiously lubricate himself in a hurry. He slapped the young ass. 

"Lift up." Rick felt a pillow being put under his hips. Needy hands grabbed and stroked Rick's smooth thighs, hips, and ass. Jack pulled out the plug leaving Rick feeling empty for only a second as soon a thick, hot penis began to slide into him and soon bottomed out, grazing softly along his prostate. Rick howled. 

Soon, all one could hear throughout the house were the cries of a young man being pounded into the bed with his legs pinned on his man's shoulders. Big heavy balls slammed against his bottom. Every time Jack leaned forward a bit more, Rick could feel more and more folded over, completely at the mercy of a man who needed a hot young body to cum into. Jack had the young man folded over almost completely, mouth open, eyes closed, gasping for breath or a kiss every time he long stroked his manhood in and out of Rick's body. He felt his massive balls tighten each time they smacked against the boy's ass. He reached his right arm down and grabbed the soft smooth ass cheek and violently gripped it, pulling the hole even wider for his entry. 

Rick reached up, put his hands on his man's face and pulled him close, kissing him submissively, offering his mouth and tongue for his man's pleasure. He moaned into Jack like a true woman. Jack was impressed at how much power he had over the boy. Rick only broke kisses to breathe and gasp his most intimate and submissive thoughts. 

"Fuck me... oh god... fill me... fill me... I'm yours... I'm yours... I... love it... I love being yours... I love it..." And then words neither of the two expected burst out of the younger man's mouth. "I ... love... you..." 

That did it for Jack. The surprise and genuine surrender in the boy's voice put him over the edge. He bellowed victoriously as his body shook and unloaded his biggest load of cum into his boy. The pumping and shaking continued. Rick never felt happier than having made his man lose control and fulfill his manly needs inside of him. Jack rolled off him, catching his breath. Semen dripped out onto the bed. 

"Why did you say that?" 

"I... don't know... It just came out..." 

"You better hurry home Rachel... I'll... call for you tomorrow." 

"Ok. Thank you for the amazing fucking giving me every drop of your semen, my King." 

Rick rolled onto his man and showered his face, neck, and chest with kisses. He made sure to slide his soft skin all over his man's recovering body. His hands reached for the very relaxed testicles and gently caressed them. He was so proud to have been the one to empty them. With one last kiss, he got up and collected his tossed lingerie and left. Jack was left on the bed listening to his young lover leave. He began to think of how to take their relationship to the next level.

To be continued...