 Author's note: I decided to write a sequel but to change the pattern. I will write more chapters but each one will introduce a new set of characters and how one learns to swing both ways.

PRELUDE

Rick was buried balls deep in Jerry's tight asshole. Jerry was flattened on the bed face down as Rick drove his 8" cock deep into the bowels of his new found lover. Jerry's ass moved under Rick but Rick's strength and drive kept Jerry pinned under him. Rick's powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Jerry's ass. Rick's thick cock drove into Jerry and then retreated until only the head remained in Jerry's rectum. Rick drove the powerful shaft drive in and out of the anal passage like a piston causing Jerry to cry out.

"Oh God your cock is so thick in my ass, so deep. Oh fuck yeah, fill me with your big dick. Cum in me, I want your spunk shooting in my ass," Jerry exclaimed!

Rick continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his neighbor's son driving his cock into the warm recess. Rick sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Jerry's hot ass. Rick felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Rick felt Jerry's anal muscles tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of spunk out of it.

"Oh shit, I feel it. I love it when you cum in my ass. I love your hot seed flooding my ass," Jerry cried out.

Rick stayed hard and he slowly fucked Jerry's ass as the semen coated his shaft. Rick rolled to his side keeping his cock in Jerry's ass as he pulled Jerry to the side. Rick's hands wrapped around and caressed Jerry's body. Rick ran his hands over Jerry's body as they moved toward Jerry's pubes. The back of Rick's hand brushed against Jerry's erect cock causing Jerry to gasp. Rick took hold of the 6" cock of his neighbor and stroked it as he fucked Jerry's ass again. 

Rick felt another powerful orgasm tear through his body and he felt cum surge through his cock. Rick's cock felt longer and thicker than ever and he drove his cock into the body beneath him. Except that there was not a body under him. Rick had been dreaming again and this time he had ejaculated in his sleep shorts. He felt his cock begin to soften and soak in his cum filled shorts. He got out of bed and made his way into the bathroom to clean up and rinse out his sleep shorts.

Rick had been having dreams about his neighbor's son Jerry ever since he started spying on him. This was the first time that Rick had ever cum in his sleep while dreaming. He had spied on Jerry on numerous occasions since learning that Jerry was gay. Rick had never been interested in another guy and he was at a loss as to why he was drawn to seeing Jerry have sex. Rick was struggling with his inner feelings and whether or not he should approach Jerry. So far he had resisted. 

THE DISCOVERY

Rick had received a package at his home that was meant for his neighbor Dan Moore. Rick walked it over to the house since he knew that Dan's son Jerry was home from college. As Rick walked passed the garage he saw movement through the garage window. He stopped to look inside to see if Jerry was in the garage and he was shocked by what he saw.

Jerry was completely naked and he was kneeling on the weight bench holding on to the weight bar. Another young man much bigger and more muscular than Jerry was also naked and he was standing behind Jerry and driving his impressive cock into Jerry's curvy ass. The young man held onto Jerry's hips as he drove his cock in and out of the shapely behind.

Rick noticed that Jerry had an erection and that he stayed hard the entire time the guy fucked him. It was obvious from maintaining his erection that Jerry was turned on by the ass reaming. Rick watched for several minutes and then to his amazement, Jerry ejaculated onto the towel that was covering the weight bench. Jerry had not even touched his cock and yet he was able to shoot a good sized load. Right after Jerry ejaculated the guy pulled out of Jerry's ass and shot his load on Jerry's body.

Rick watched as streams of semen rocketed out of the guy's big shaft and landed on Jerry's back and buttocks. The guy stroked his cock as streams shot out and cum coated Jerry's ass. Then Rick watched as the guy moved his cock around scooping up his semen and guiding it onto Jerry's anus. The guy next pushed his semen coated cock back into Jerry's ass and fucked him some more. 

Rick was astounded when the guy pulled his cock out of Jerry's asshole and Jerry swung around on the weight bench and took the cock in his mouth. Jerry kept sucking the guy and the guy's cock never softened. The guy pushed Jerry back on the weight bench and Jerry lay back and raised his legs. The guy moved between Jerry's legs and resumed fucking him. They fucked for a longer amount of time before they both ejaculated again. Jerry shot his wad onto his chest and abs before releasing his cock and letting the remaining semen pool around his pubes. The guy pulled out of Jerry's ass and shot another large load onto Jerry hitting him in the neck, chest and abs.

Rick watched as Jerry rubbed the semen into his skin as if it was body lotion and then Rick decided to move away from the window. Rick didn't know if they were done or not but he had seen enough. When he walked toward the front porch he realized that he had an erection. Rick was surprised that he got hard watching two guys have sex but Jerry really looked and acted more like a girl during the whole scene. Rick left the package on the front porch and then returned to his home.

That afternoon it was hard for Rick to concentrate on his work as the images of Jerry being fucked kept popping into his head. Rick now knew that Jerry was gay and he also realized that he would probably spy on Jerry again when he had a guy over to the house. Rick did not know how soon that would actually happen.

INTRODUCTION

Rick Thomas was a handsome well built young man of 28 years of age. He stood at 6'2" and weighed a fit 185 pounds. He had light brown hair that he kept cut short and he had hazel eyes. Rick worked from his home when he wasn't traveling as he was employed by a virtual office consulting company. He had purchased a home in Long Beach, California in a nice neighborhood. Each home was set on a small fenced-in lot and was well landscaped providing backyard privacy. Most of the homes had a small pool in the back yard that was suitable for limited swimming and relaxation. 

Next door to Rick was the Moore family. Dan and June Moore both worked and their only son Jerry was in college. That summer Jerry stayed at home most days as he was taking some summer classes at the local community college. Jerry was 20 years old and he had just completed his sophomore year at the university. The Moores were pleasant people and Rick got along fine with them. 

Rick noticed that Jerry looked very effeminate but Rick never expected that Jerry was gay. Jerry was 5'6" tall and weighed about 140 pounds. He had long blonde hair that covered his ears and the nape of his neck. His eyes were blue and he had an unblemished body that was virtually hairless. Jerry's waist was narrow, he had shapely legs like one would find on a girl and he had an ass that any girl would envy. Jerry spent a lot of time in the sun and his body was well tanned.

Rick and Jerry never socialized during the day. They each had their own swimming pool so they pretty much stayed to themselves. Rick had been over to the Moores for a cookout and pool party which is when he had noticed Jerry's feminine looking body. Jerry always wore a tight Speedo bikini swim suit that hugged his curvy ass. Rick wore a more tasteful Speedo trunk style suit but it was tight enough to show off his package, something that did not escape Jerry's eyes.

If Jerry was interested in Rick he never showed it and he was always polite and well behaved. However inside Jerry struggled with his desire for Rick and it took all his will power not to approach him. Jerry just hoped that one day the opportunity would present itself when he could seduce his neighbor. Rick was a handsome guy and he had no trouble getting dates. Some girls even stayed the night so Jerry knew that Rick would be a challenge. Also if Rick was offended by Jerry's advances he could easily kick Jerry's ass.

POOLSIDE SEX

One day Rick was out by his pool sunning and reading over a proposal when he heard voices coming from the Moore's backyard. Rick knew instantly that Jerry had invited some friends over and Rick wondered if they were gay. It had only been three days since Rick had witnessed Jerry getting royally fucked in his garage. Rick's curiosity got the better of him and he just had to see what was going on. The only possible way for Rick to see into the Moore's backyard was to climb the tree at the end of his property to get high enough. 

Rick got his ladder and brought back to the tree and then he made believe that he was trimming some branches. He looked over into the Moore's yard and saw Jerry with two other guys in the pool playing grab ass. Rick made sure that they weren't watching and then he improved his vantage point and climbed into the tree. He sat in the crook of two branches and watched the action at his neighbor's pool. 

The three guys got out of the water and dried off. Then Jerry pulled down the swim suit of one guy, turned and pulled the second guy's swimsuit down to his knees. Both guys were sporting erections and Jerry stepped between them and took a cock in each hand. As Jerry jerked on the two sizeable cocks, the other guys pulled his swim suit down and Jerry's cock sprung out. Rick noticed that Jerry's cock was more of the average size about 6" and smaller than those of his guests. 

Jerry continued to stroke the two cocks in his hands as the other guys fondled his ass and squeezed his buttocks. Then Jerry was led over to one of the lounges where he spread out a towel, removed his swim suit and knelt down on it. The other two guys also shed their swim suits. One guy took some lotion and began to finger Jerry's asshole as the other guy stuck his cock in Jerry's mouth. Once the one guy was satisfied that Jerry was well lubed he slipped his cock onto Jerry's ass. Rick watched from his vantage point as his neighbor was fucked at both ends.

The three of them were so into the sex that the last thing they would expect was that someone was spying on them. The guy drilled Jerry's ass and caused Jerry's ass cheeks to jiggle with each thrust. Rick found that exciting and in a strange way he wished that he was the one fucking Jerry in the ass. Once again Jerry came without ever touching his cock and he ejaculated onto the towel covering the lounge. Rick was impressed with the volume of Jerry's load. 

Next the guys pulled out of Jerry and shot their wads on his body. Cum flew out of their cocks and hit him on the shoulders, neck, back, buttocks and his face. Jerry's body was cum covered as his lovers had massive cum shots. Rick watched as the guys stroked their cocks and squirted semen onto Jerry and then they switched positions. The youthful recuperative powers kept them hard and ready for more sex.

Rick watched as they fucked a second time and as before the two guys pulled out of Jerry and sprayed him with their seed. This time Jerry rolled over on his back and jerked off until he came all over his own body. Then the three young men jumped back in the pool without their swimsuits. Rick thought it was odd that Jerry didn't get his cock sucked or get to fuck one of the other guys. He wondered if the other guys weren't actually gay but bi-sexual. He remembered the first time that he spied on Jerry that the other guy also didn't touch Jerry's cock.

Rick remained hidden in the tree until Jerry and his two friends got out of the pool and entered the house. Once they were inside. Rick climbed out of the tree onto his ladder and returned to his backyard. He stowed the ladder as he was done with his voyeurism for the day. Even if the guys returned to the pool for more sex, Rick had seen enough. That night Rick had trouble getting to sleep as he continued to replay the threesome in his mind. The next morning he woke up with an erection and he jerked off imagining that he was fucking his neighbor Jerry.

RISKY BUSINESS

It was several days before Jerry had someone over to the house. Rick had been tuned in to watching out for someone to visit Jerry and he was relieved when a guy finally showed up. Rick checked the guy out s he got out of his car and walked up to the Moore's front door. Rick hurried out to his pool deck and listened for Jerry and his friend. After several minutes, Rick got impatient and assumed that they were not coming outside. He went back in his house and then decided to check the Moore's garage. "Maybe they will fuck on the weight bench," Rick thought to himself hopefully.

Rick went outside and walked past his neighbor's garage and peeked in the window. "Nothing, shit, I wonder what's going on? Maybe they're fucking in the house," he thought.

Rick contemplated entering the house even though he knew it was insane and risky. "What if I get caught?" he warned himself.

Rick had a key for the Moore's home and they also had one for his. His desire for voyeurism got the best of him and he decided to enter the house. Rick tested the front door and he was surprised to find it unlocked. He entered the house quietly and stood in the foyer for a few minutes listening for voices. It was faint but he did hear soft moans and some ahs. "They have to be having sex," he thought.

Rick moved stealth-like through the house following the sounds of the two apparent lovers. The soft moans and groans led Rick to Jerry's bedroom and he was pleased that the bedroom door was open. Rick eased over to the open door and peeked into Jerry's bedroom. Rick was relieved when he found Jerry and his lover facing away from the bedroom door. 

Jerry was on all fours and his lover was kneeling on the bed behind him. Jerry was getting fucked by a sizeable cock again and uttering soft moans each time the cock filled his rectum. Rick could here their flesh slap together each time the guy drilled Jerry's ass. Rick was getting very turned on and he rubbed his own erection through his pants. He was tempted to free his cock and jerk off but caution prevailed. "What the fuck am I doing in here?" he thought to himself in an alarming way.

Rick moved away from the bedroom and left the Moore's house. As much as he would have liked to see the guy cum on Jerry, it wasn't worth the risk. Rick returned to his own home and he was angry with himself for having taken such a chance on being discovered. He made himself a stiff drink and then went outside and sat by the pool. He replayed the image of jerry getting fucked by his friend with the impressive cock. Rick was pleased that Jerry was able to handle larger than average size cocks. If the day ever came that Rick got to fuck Jerry, Rick knew that Jerry would be able to take his big dick. The rest of the day was uneventful and Rick actually managed to get some work done that afternoon.

AN INEVITABLE MEETING

It was nearly a week later and it was a perfect day to be poolside. Rick was sunning, swimming and working in his backyard when Jerry looked over the fence and called out to him.

"Hey neighbor, you're working too hard," Jerry yelled out.

"Oh hi Jerry, nah it's just some reading I need to get done," Rick replied.

"Why don't you take a break and join me over here. I just made a batch of frozen pina coladas," Jerry offered.

"You know that sounds good. I can use a break. I'll be right over," Rick accepted.

As Rick picked up his stuff he wondered to himself, "What if he comes on to me? What will I do? Will I let him suck my cock? Will I fuck him?"

Rick then got an erection just thinking about it and he had his answer. Rick threw on a t-shirt and flip-flops and headed over to the Moore's house. He was surprised how nervous he was especially being eight years older than Jerry. He knocked on the door and then walked in the house since the door was unlocked and partially open. Rick closed the door and decided to lock it, subconsciously he knew why. Rick joined Jerry out on the pool deck and jerry handed him a drink.

"To a great afternoon," Jerry said raising his glass in a toast.

"Here, here," was all Rick could think to say.

They both sat down on adjacent lounges with a small table between them. Rick sipped the pina colada and it was strong as he liked his drinks. Jerry got up and walked over to the pool's edge and Rick watched him closely as he walked around the pool. Jerry's golden tan body glistened with the san tan lotion and Rick admired the boy's shapely legs and curvy ass. Rick thought to himself that many a girl would love to have an ass like Jerry's. Rick found himself starring at Jerry's bubble butt encased in the Speedo bikini bottom and wondered again what it would be like to fuck Jerry in the ass. Rick was sure that it wouldn't be any different than fucking a girls' ass particularly since Jerry had a virtually hairless body and unblemished flawless skin. Rick found himself getting an erection just thinking about Jerry's ass. 

Jerry came back to the lounge next to Rick and he lay face down with his bubble butt sticking up in the air. Jerry had one of those asses that just begged to be grabbed and fondled. Rick looked at his girlfriend's brother and his cock hardened again as he thought of butt fucking the younger boy. Jerry looked over at Rick and caught him staring at his ass. It was then that Jerry made his move.

"Rick, I sunbathe a lot in the nude. Is it okay with you if I do that while you're here?" Jerry asked.

"If you want, since it's just the two of us. I'm cool with it," Rick gave his approval.

"Great, why don't you join me? It's private back here," Jerry suggested.

Rick hesitated but only for an instant, "Okay, I'll join you," he replied with a chuckle.

Both guys stripped off their swim suits and Jerry lay back down on his stomach. "Rick would you mind putting some lotion on my back?" Jerry asked.

"No not at all," Rick replied as he swung his legs around to sit up on the lounge.

Rick moved over to Jerry's lounge and suddenly he was aware of his raging hard-on. He took the suntan lotion and poured in all over Jerry's back. Rick rubbed the lotion into Jerry as his hands moved over the smooth skin of Jerry's shoulders and back. Rick stared at the twin hillocks of Jerry's ass as his hands moved to Jerry's lower back. Unbeknown to Rick, Jerry was struggling to keep his own emotions under control as his cock had hardened as well.

"Would you do my legs too?" Jerry asked in a raspy voice and it was obvious that he was getting turned on.

Without responding Rick moved down a little and began applying the lotion to Jerry's legs. All the while he stared at Jerry's inviting ass. Rick applied the lotion to one leg at a time and the two of them became increasingly excited but neither one of them made the first move. Jerry finally looked over his shoulder at Rick and saw his erect cock. Jerry could hardly contain himself when he realized that Rick had a huge hard-on.

"Gees Rick, your cock is huge," Jerry gasped.

"Oh sorry," Rick apologized unconvincingly.

Jerry rolled over and stared at Rick's cock for a moment and then reached for it.

"Whoa, whoa what are you doing?" Rick challenged.

"I just want to touch it, okay?" Jerry replied almost begging.

Rick noticed that Jerry also had an erection and he knew it was going to happen. Rick liked the feeling of a hand different from his own on his cock and he closed his eyes as Jerry stroked it. Jerry slowly stroked the big dick with one hand and cupped Rick's bloated balls with the other hand. Rick sighed as Jerry's hands moved over the genitals.
