 (All participants are 18 or in my case, way older.) 

I opened my eyes a crack, waking slowly. Dim sunlight showed around the edges of the drapes in my New York hotel room. I felt my 70 plus years in several places of my body from the previous nights activities. Beside me I could feel the warmth emanating from the slim body of the sweet young man in bed with me. I'd bumped into him yesterday, literally I mean. 

Walking into him on the sidewalk I'd knocked him down. I was smitten with him the moment I took his soft hand to help him up. His soft features and slim build were almost feminine. It was lust at first sight. I plied him with a couple drinks at the hotel bar to make amends for being so careless on the street. After only a couple drinks we were on our way to my room under the guise of doing something about his skinned knee. I was so amazed at how easy it was from there to strip him and pleasure the lad. 

It ended up in a long night of cuddling and kissing with lots of oral pleasure for both of us. At my age, I was only good for one "shot", so I was careful to pull his eager young mouth from my old member, saving up for a final climax, in both senses of the word, to cap off my day.

But, ahhhh, the vigor and fast recovery of youth! Young Janis, as he liked to be called, gave me the sweet tasting spend of his body many times as we frolicked on the king sized bed. His impassioned kisses after each of his orgasms included lots of tongue as he sought out the taste of himself on my tongue and lips. There was even some snowballing between us on one occasion where we swapped his large load of spunk back and forth. So eager and erotic. As most of my play pals back home are seniors like me and only could cum once, this vigorous lad just kept going. At one point, mid-passion, I got a vision of the "Energiser Bunny" from the commercial. Talk about potential mood killer! It was soon forgotten as he, once again, got me close to the edge, forcing me to gently push him back before I'd end up finishing too soon.

This will be a night to remember I mused, as I awoke more fully. Reaching out, I touch the smooth, taut flesh of my bedmate, running my arthritis gnarled hand softly along his side to the gentle curve of his shapely hip, giving it a soft squeeze. As I was deciding whether to wake him or not, there was a soft moan and a frisson of a shudder along Janis' body. Pulling him closer, and raising up some, I leaned over and kissed his smooth cheek gently and raised back up to look at him again. I guess it was the Asian heritage I could see in his face that accounted for his smooth softness. 

Brown eyes fluttered open and sleepily gazed up at me. His lips, slightly parted, were red and puffy from all our activity the night before. Softly I lowered my face again planting a soft kiss, eliciting another gentle moan. "Morning my sweet Janis," I murmured as he became more fully awake. Before I could react, he reach up a hand to the back of my head and pulled me in for another, longer kiss, slipping in just the tip of his tongue until it touch mine. 

This time when our lips parted we were both becoming more fully awake. Pushing on his shoulder, I rolled him on to his back and caressed his chest, pulling the sheet down to his waist. I continued to stroke, feeling his nipples become sharp little points, standing up proud on his hairless chest. Before I could pull the sheet down farther, I noticed there was already movement taking place under the thin cotton. It looked like a small snake was beginning to stir. Damn, to be young again and so easily and quickly aroused. 

Pulling the sheet the rest of the way down to uncover his now throbbing member, I wrapped my hand around him. It was so hot and hard, irresistible. In spite of my aching old bones I moved down, placing the side of my face on Janis' stomach and slid my mouth over his prick. It was like the rest of him, not big, soft skin, hairless and fit in my mouth perfectly. No gagging face fucks from this boy. He wasn't small, just enough to fill me, almost to the entrance of my throat. Pulling back so just the head was at the back of my lips, I let my tongue circle the head and then moved it across his pee slit. Oh yes! Precum already oozing out as his passion built from my oral ministrations. 

Now he began to move, raising up his hips and shoving his cock deep until my lips were pressed against his pubic bone and tight ball sack. Back down he lowered himself then quickly raising again...repeat...repeat...repeat, as my face was fucked with all the eagerness and energy of youth. Invigorated by his enthusiastic pumping, I carefully maneuvered myself so I was on all fours. Then I swung my body over his prone one and lowed my shriveled up old dick towards his mouth. With no hesitation he was latched on to me sucking deeply as he continued humping my face. 

Even with a huge orgasm last night, my manhood began to respond. The slurping sounds below me hit my brain like a shot of aural viagra, stiffening my three inches to a full four, something that never happens without chemical aid. It was like years had fallen off me. I may have found the secret to the fountain of youth! 

Distracted by my surprising surge of ardor inside the hot wet mouth of Janis, I suddenly realized there was a party going on in my mouth. The throbbing maleness that had been pumping in and out so rapidly was now buried as deep as could be, a tight ball sack against my lip was pulsating and there it was...a burst of cum flooding over my tongue, hitting my throat. Before I could swallow another shot squirted, adding to the load already in my mouth. Gravity took over before I could react and I could feel some start to drip from my mouth over my lover's pubic zone. More spurts followed and I was able to swallow some, the rest filling my mouth. As the cum stopped shooting, I raised my head and gulped down the creamy mixture of man juice and saliva. 

Meanwhile on the other end of our still joined bodies, Janis had inhaled all of the little I had to offer and was just sucking with abandon as if to pull my balls from their sack. While he was engaged with trying to finish me off I looked down at the mess I made from all that had been given me dripped out. Cum and spittle soaked the still hard penis below me. There was more coating the balls that made such a generous morning gift. I began cleaning up with my tongue, savoring the now cooling combined juices.

As I licked, Janis kept working on me as if dying of thirst. A deep ache hit my testicles as if I'd been kicked in that place men protect at all cost. It was the precursor to an impending orgasm I knew. Next thing I knew there was a release into the soft, sucking orifice that brought me to this point. As usual, there was only a couple small spurts after the action from the night before. Janis continued milking every drop I had to offer. God, it would be days before my balls could refill my now empty prostate.

Rolling off my young man, I flopped on my back totally wiped tho' we'd only awoke ten or 15 minutes earlier. My youthful friend was still going strong. Jumping over me, Janis rained soft, wet kisses all over my grizzled, stubbly face. Those poor lips, having to scrape against a day old beard while his skin is so smooth.

Clasping him to me, I felt the thumping of my heart echo back from his chest. A kiss to his ear and I whispered a heartfelt thank you for giving me a night and morning of so much pleasure. A final kiss fell on my lips and Janis jumped up stating, "I need a shower. And, I want someone to wash my back." 

With a groan I slowly rose and sat on the edge of the bed while Janis headed for the bathroom. As I watched those shapely hips recede from view swaying gently like a young girl's, I was reinvigorated and got up to follow him, hearing the water in the shower begin to flow.

Still having a few days before I had to head home I wondered what other surprises and wonders did New York have to offer. With that final thought I stepped in the shower with Janis, entranced with the sight of the wet, glistening body in the small space with me.

(More to cum. Your responses to my first story help inspire this. Spur me on with more comments and votes are appreciated)