 PRELUDE

Dean woke up in his bed after dozing off for several minutes. He rolled to his side and spotted the naked body lying next to him. He studied the well toned and tanned effeminate body along side him and his eyes traveled down to the curvy hot ass. Dean noticed dried semen on the shapely buttocks and between the cheeks of Antoine's sexy ass. As Dean studied his pretty companion his cock stirred and soon became erect again. At the age of 26 Dean was good for multiple ejaculations and Antoine brought out Dean's best.

Dean moved closer to the tan shapely body and positioned his cock at the entrance to Antoine's ass. Dean pressed forward and with Antoine's ass being lubricated from their earlier fuck session, Dean's cock slid right into the warm passage. They were laying on their left sides so Dean's right arm reached around and pulled Antoine to him. Antoine groaned at the entry and Dean's cock bottomed out with one steady push. Dean's right hand moved down to Antoine's crotch and brushed against the young stiff cock. 

Dean wrapped his hand around the long slender cock of his French lover and began to stroke it. Dean had become comfortable jerking Antoine off when he fucked him. Antoine was Dean's first gay part and Dean was not comfortable doing anything else but masturbating Antoine. Dean loved fucking the young Frenchman as Antoine had an incredible ass. Dean at first felt a little guilty fucking his younger brother's lover but that had soon passed and he fucked Antoine every chance he could.

Dean took hold of the 7" cock of his brother's lover and stroked it as he fucked Antoine's ass for a second time. Dean was not interested in another man's cock but he didn't mind jerking off Antoine and he loved to see Antoine shoot. Antoine had an amazing capacity for ejaculations. Antoine would have volcanic like orgasms when he came and his semen would shoot two or three feet at times, particularly with his first orgasm of the day.

Dean kept fucking Antoine until they both came. Antoine ejaculated twice before Dean came in Antoine's ass a second time that day. The first time Antoine ejaculated his cum shot passed his face and landed on the pillow. The second time he came his seed hit him in the face and neck. Then Dean lost it and dumped another load in Antoine's ass. The two of them rested on their sides as Dean's cock slowly deflated and slipped from Antoine's asshole. As they lay in bed, Dean recalled the first time that he had fucked Antoine.

It had been so easy since Antoine had come onto Dean. They had been fucking for over a week now anytime that Dean's brother Phil was out of the house. Dean had at first been a voyeur, watching Phil and Antoine have sex. Dean had discovered them one day when they didn't expect him to be home. Since that day he spied on them whenever he could as he loved to watch Antoine's hot ass whether Antoine was getting fucked or fucking Phil. Then Antoine approached Dean one day when Phil was working and he told Dean that he knew that Dean was watching them. Antoine had then asked Dean if he would like to fuck him and Dean accepted. It was Dean's first time having anal sex with a man and after that he was hooked on Antoine's ass.

INTRODUCTION

Dean Jenkins was 26 years old with a brother Phil who was 21 years old. Dean looked good as he was very fit from his physical activities. Dean was a stickler for fitness and he went to the gym every weekday morning at 5:00 AM before he went to the office. Dean was also an avid tennis player which added to his fitness regimen. He stood at 6'3" tall and weighed a lean 185 pounds. He had sandy brown hair and hazel colored eyes. 

Phil had blonde hair, blue eyes and he was 5'7" tall. He weighed about 150 pounds and he had a very effeminate appearance. Phil worked out also to remain fit but his interests were in training his abs, glutes and legs. After high school Phil enrolled in a Beautician school as he wanted to become a hair stylist. It was during Beautician school that Phil decided to start taking female hormones to enhance his effeminate appearance. 

Dean had no trouble bedding women. He had no intention of getting married soon so if a woman began to get possessive and start talking about marriage; he would stop dating her. Dean was good in the sack and the women loved his 8" long thick cock. He was above average size but not too big that he intimidated the women. Dean was particularly fond of women that too it in the ass. 

Dean knew that his brother Phil was gay even though Phil never had any of his friends over to the house. Phil had been very discreet until he attended beautician school where he had a few affairs with other men. Phil was not as blessed as Dean as Phil had a 5" cock that was about 4' around. However Phil loved to suck and fuck other men and other men loved fucking Phil's shapely bubble butt.

Phil took a job in a salon after graduating from beautician school which is where he met Antoine. Phil was thrilled that he got the job in Antoine's salon as it had a great reputation in town. Antoine had moved to the states several years earlier from Quebec. He was French Canadian by birth and Phil loved Antoine's French accent. Antoine liked Phil immediately and Phil proved to be a competent employee as well as a good lover.

Antoine was 5'8" tall and weighed about 165 pounds. He had dark brown hair and brown eyes and he wore his hair long. Usually around the salon, Antoine would wear his hair in a pony tail. Antoine, like Phil had a very effeminate appearance and he had an ass that wouldn't quit. Antoine's ass was perfectly shaped and stuck out from his body. Everyone working at the salon loved watching Antoine's ass as he moved around in his tight slacks. All of them including Phil dreamed of sticking their cock in that fabulous bottom. One day Phil's dream came true.

The first time they had sex together was in the salon when Phil stayed late to help Antoine clean up. Phil first sucked Antoine's 7" slender cock and swallowed Antoine's massive load. Then Antoine sucked Phil's cock and returned the favor by swallowing Phil's load. Antoine next fucked Phil as he knelt in a stylist chair. Phil loved the feeling of Antoine's long slim cock in his ass. Antoine's slender cock was perfect for butt fucking. After Antoine ejaculated into Phil's ass, Antoine then let Phil fuck him. Phil was thrilled to be in the curvy ass of his employer and he loved watching his smaller cock slide in and out of Antoine's incredible bottom.

Antoine and Phil continued to have sex together at the salon after hours. Phil had never been to Antoine's home but he got up the nerve to invite Antoine to his house. It was on a Sunday when Dean was out all day that Antoine went to Phil's house. Antoine was impressed with the house and the property. The backyard was secluded and private with a swimming pool and Jacuzzi. The house was spacious and had four bedrooms and a massive great room. The lower level was finished with a bar and game room. 

That Sunday Antoine and Phil stayed naked most of the day. They sunbathed and swam in the nude. They rubbed suntan lotion on each other and teased each other with their fingers. Phil and Antoine loved rubbing the lotion on each other's butts and fingering each other's anus. Although the back yard was secluded and private they still took their sex inside the house. They fucked and sucked each other several times that day with both of them cumming three times. It was a wonderful day of sex and games for them. 

There were other days they spent at the house when Dean was at the office and they soon became comfortable with having sex outside by the pool. It was one of those days that Dean discovered the two of them engaging is sex.

DEAN THE VOYEUR

Dean came home early from work one afternoon and when he arrived at home he saw a strange car parked in the driveway. Dean didn't recognize the car but he assumed that Phil had a friend over to the house. Dean always suspected that Phil was gay but he never discussed it with his brother. Then Dean thought that Phil might have a gay friend over and that they might be having sex. Dean quietly entered the house in the hopes of catching Phil having sex with another guy.

Dean felt his adrenalin surge as he anxiously moved through the house. Dean was strangely excited by the prospect of seeing Phil engaged in sex. Dean looked around and then checked Phil's bedroom. He did not find Phil or anyone in the house. Then Dean went to his room to change clothes and when he did he looked out the window into the backyard and the swimming pool area. He then spotted Phil and a very handsome well tanned young man. Actually the young man was pretty rather than handsome and he was even more effeminate looking than Phil. Dean assumed that the other man was Antoine who Phil worked for as he did look French.

This day both the young men were wearing skimpy bikini bottoms instead of being naked. Dean watched as Phil stood at the pool's edge preparing to dive in when Antoine walked up behind Phil and wrapped his arms around him. Phil smiled and tilted his head back for a kiss. Antoine kissed Phil and as he did he slipped his hand down the front of Phil's bikini bottom. Dean stood frozen by the window as he watched Antoine fondle Phil and obviously stroked his cock in the bikini. Phil then reached back and pulled Antoine's bikini bottom to the side and freed Antoine's erect cock. 

Dean watched as the two pretty young men kissed and stroked each other's cock. Phil then turned to face Antoine and dropped to his knees pulling Antoine's bikini down his legs. Dean had never seen anyone have sex in person much less two gay men. Phil then lovingly took Antoine's cock in his hand and kissed up and down the length of the shaft. Phil ran his tongue in circles around the head of Antoine's cock and then he took it in his mouth.

Dean watched intently as his brother sucked the cock of his guest. Dean then decided not to change clothes as he did not want to tip off his brother that he had gotten home early. He continued to watch Phil suck on Antoine's cock. Phil would often take the cock from his mouth hold it up and suck on Antoine's balls; then he would put the cock back in his mouth. Dean watched as Antoine then reached down and lifted Phil to his feet. They embraced and kissed again letting their hands slip down the other's ass molding and squeezing the shapely cheeks. 

Antoine broke the kiss and then they turned and holding each other's stiff cock they walked toward the house. Dean realized that they were going to finish the sex encounter inside and then he realized that he wasn't supposed to be home yet. Dean left his bedroom door open and then hid in his master bath. He waited there until he was sure that Phil and Antoine were in Phil's bedroom. Dean then quietly walked down to Phil's bedroom and he was pleased to see the door open. Obviously they were not expecting anyone to be in the house and Phil had left his bedroom door open.

Dean peeked in and he saw the two lovers on Phil's bed lying on their sides in a 69 position. The two of them lovingly sucked each other's cock seemingly to make the experience last. Dean was amazed at the tenderness of their love making. He watched as their hands roamed over the other one's ass and thighs as they sucked each other's cock. They caressed each other's ass and toyed with each other's anus. They could not see Dean from his vantage point as they were both engrossed with their oral sex. 

Antoine's body stiffened and his buttocks clenched signaling that he was cumming in Phil's mouth. Phil never missed a beat as he continued to suck his lover's cock drinking down every drop of Antoine's load. Shortly thereafter Phil moaned and his body went rigid as he ejaculated into Antoine's mouth. Antoine also kept his mouth on Phil's cock until Antoine had swallowed Phil's cum. The tow of them then moved back so that they were facing each other and Dean was surprised to see their cocks still hard. They kissed again and caressed each other for several minutes. Then Dean heard Antoine speak in his French accent.

"It is time for me to fuck your hot little ass," Antoine said in a hushed voice.

Phil simply rolled over on all fours and then Dean watched as Antoine prepared Phil's ass to be fucked. Antoine took out some lubricant and he smeared it on Phil's anus. Then Antoine began to finger Phil's asshole and as he did; he played with Phil's scrotum. Satisfied that he was ready Antoine eased his cock into Phil's curvy bottom with one smooth steady stroke until he was all the way in. Even though Antoine was not that thick, Dean was still amazed how Phil easily accommodated Antoine's long slender cock.

As Antoine fucked his brother's ass, Dean found himself strangely attracted to Antoine's ass. Each time Antoine thrust into Phil's ass Antoine's buttocks would flex and then relax as he withdrew. Dean had never seen two people fuck before and he was mesmerized by the live act. Antoine's ass was perfect in every aspect and Dean knew that many a woman wished they had an ass so well shaped. Antoine's ass was round, firm and curvy. It stood out from his body as if it were an appendage that was added later. Of all the female asses that Dean had fucked he never fucked one as nice as Antoine's.

Dean felt his cock stiffen in his pants as his excitement increased, not from watching them fuck but from thinking about fucking Antoine in the ass. Dean hoped that Phil would get to fuck Antoine as he wanted to see Antoine's ass with a cock in it. Dean didn't have to wait too long for that to happen. Minutes later Antoine announced that he was cumming and his body went rigid as he ejaculated into Phil's rectum. Antoine moved his cock in and out of Phil's ass as Phil squeezed his sphincter muscles around the slender cock. Phil had stayed hard the entire time Antoine fucked him and he was now ready to fuck Antoine.

"Let me fuck you again Antoine," Phil asked almost as if he needed permission. 

Antoine moved to all fours and dropped his head to the mattress. Antoine purposely arched his back accentuating the shape of his lovely ass and then he wiggled his bottom at Phil. Phil took the tube of lube and squirted some directly on Antoine's anus and then he fingered Antoine's asshole preparing it for his cock. Phil took his time lubing Antoine's asshole and then he shocked Dean when he leaned in and rimmed Antoine. Phil held both of Antoine's gorgeous butt cheeks apart as he probed the anus with his tongue. Antoine groaned at the action and wiggled his ass in response.

Phil then moved behind Antoine and eased his smaller cock into Antoine's ass. As Dean watched he wished that it was his cock entering Antoine's curvy ass. Dean watched as his brother fucked Antoine and he noticed that Antoine's cum was oozing from Phil's ass. Each time Phil thrust forward and clenched his buttocks, semen would ooze out of his asshole and trickle down his inner thighs. Dean's cock was throbbing in his pants and he was tempted to take it out and jerk off right then. Dean however maintained control of his urges and watched as his brother finished fucking Antoine. Dean quietly moved away and made his way back to the master bedroom. 

Dean entered the master bath and stood over the toilet with his pants and underwear down around his knees. He stroked his impressive cock and as he did he imagined he was fucking Antoine's hot curvy ass. It didn't take long for Dean to shoot his load and when he did he was surprised by the volume of it. He was obviously very turned on. Dean cleaned up and dressed before leaving the bathroom. He planned to go back downstairs and then act as if he just got home. Dean left his bedroom and then he heard Antoine and Phil in Phil bedroom. They were still at it.

"Oh yeah fuck me and jerk me," Phil called out.

Dean couldn't resist so he peeked in the room again. Antoine was fucking Phil missionary style as Phil held onto the back of his own thighs. Antoine was kneeling between Phil's legs and sitting on his haunches as he fucked Phil. Antoine had a hold of Phil's cock and he was stroking it as he fucked him. Dean found himself glued to the spot again as he watched the two young men. Phil was the first to cum and Antoine kept jerking his cock as semen sprayed onto Phil's chest and abs. Then Antoine pulled out of Phil's ass and jerked his own cock cumming on Phil's body. Antoine shot his load on Phil's chest and abs also. Phil rubbed his hand over the two loads of semen and rubbed it into his body. Antoine then leaned in and kissed Phil pressing his own body onto Phil's and trapping the semen between them. Dean took that opportunity to leave.

Dean went downstairs and made a drink for himself. Then he took his drink and the newspaper into the family room and acted as if he had just gotten home. He was sure that Phil and Antoine would shower and dress before they came downstairs. Dean still could not get the image of Antoine's ass out of his mind. Dean had loved anal sex with the girls that he dated but he never thought that he would ever be attracted to a man's ass. Dean thought about anal sex and oral sex with a woman and a man. Could it be that different? Dean thought a mouth was a mouth and an ass was an ass. It was almost as if he was trying to convince himself that oral and anal sex would be same with either gender.

Dean was deep in thought about having sex with a guy, not any guy but a guy like Antoine. Dean knew that he was not interested in Antoine's cock and he had no interest in kissing or tender love making. No Dean just wanted to ram his thick cock into Antoine's ass and fuck him fast and furious until he came. Dean's thoughts were then interrupted by his brother's voice.

"Dean, hi, I didn't know you were home. You're home early," Phil said as he blushed slightly.

"Yeah, I decided to take sometime off and relax. I was just having a drink and reading the paper. Who is your friend?" Dean replied.

"Oh, I'm sorry, this is Antoine. He owns the salon where I work. He came over for a swim today. I hope that's okay," Phil offered as an excuse.

"Sure it's okay, anytime. Pleased to meet you Antoine, I'm Dean," Dean responded.

"It's nice to meet you Dean and thank you for your hospitality. You have a lovely home and the pool is wonderful," Antoine replied in his effeminate demeanor. 

"Thank you," Dean replied but thought to himself, "How did you like my brother's ass?"

"Why don't you join me for a drink?" Dean offered.

"Well maybe just one and then I have to get back to the salon," Antoine accepted.

"I'll get the drinks," Phil offered and then left the family room.

"So how is business at the salon?" Dean asked making conversation.

"It is going very well and Phil has been a fine addition to the staff," Antoine replied.

"That's good to hear," Dean added.

"Forgive me for asking but you and Phil are so different. You are so much taller and more muscular. It's hard to believe that you are brothers," Antoine inquired.

"Yes I guess that's they way we were meant to be," Dean said and then again thought to himself, "You should see my cock and then you would know we are definitely different."

Just then Phil returned to the room with drinks for Antoine and him. Phil sat down and lifted his glass in a mock toast and it was acknowledged by the other two. The three of them talked easily and Phil seemed more relaxed than he was earlier. Antoine then excused himself as he had to get back to the salon. Antoine said goodbye but there was no show of affection between he and Phil. Dean and Phil then had a couple of more drinks and then decided on dinner.

That night when Dean was trying to sleep he was haunted by the image of his brother Phil and Antoine. Dean imagined Antoine fucking Phil dog style and watching Antoine's hot ass. Then in his fantasy Dean was naked as he crept in the room and got on the bed behind Antoine. Dean pictured his big cock sliding into Antoine's curvy tight ass. Dean closed his eyes and visualized his cock sliding in and out of Antoine's shapely bottom. He saw himself running his hands all over the smooth round skin of Antoine's buttocks as he slowly fucked Antoine's ass.
