 I was not sure what happened or why; really, I didn't care. I felt Jerome penetrating me and knew he would be my no tell lover. I am married to a sexless woman who won't touch me or let me touch her. Jerome pressed more of his thick hard shaft deeper into me. I wasn't sure what a swoon was but I think I swooned.

Further his man meat went, deeper into my waiting bowels. His nine-inch length more than equaled his thickness. I felt his cock embedded in my ass and his tight curls of black cock pubic hairbrush and tickle my butt cheeks.

I met Jerome one morning a couple years ago. I came out of the campus cafeteria with coffee in hand and complimented me in passing about a shirt I wore. We began talking and he was quick and unafraid to tell me he was gay. That was not an issue for me as I have worked with and known gay men for years.

Off and on we met for short conversations until one day he openly told me he found me sexually attractive. His words were a simple few, "I like older bears like you."

A couple days later, outside the main campus building we talked more. He began to stumble over his words trying to tell me how he felt about me. Deeply embarrassed, he tried to apologize. 

Looking him directly in the eye, I told him not to be embarrassed. "I understand what you're trying to say and I am not upset." Relief flooded over him as he smiled.

Time marched onward as our schedules didn't allow us too many meetings and those were very brief. We shared an occasional email just to stay in contact. Over those months, I began to become aware that I was feeling an attraction to him.

In my early teen years, I experimented with gay sex exploring sexuality. However, I hadn't done anything more than that. I was married with two kids and in every way, I was a straight male.

Some truth about me is my enjoyment of anal penetration with one of many dildos I have. I know many men who silently enjoy self-gratification and some who enjoy it as a part of their sexual life with their wives or girlfriends. I was coming to the realization I wanted to experiment again with a man. Would it be Jerome?

Feeling him begin to get into a rhythm, I knew I was being satisfied in a most pleasurable way. He built up speed stroke by stroke but not in a hurried or demanding way. He rubbed my prostate and it swelled. I was certain he would give me an anal orgasm and hoped it would happen as he came in me. I wanted it that way.

He suddenly withdrew, I was empty and unsatisfied. In another moment, a stinging blow crossed my butt cheeks as his thick leather belt began making sever strikes. This was a new sensation and I reeled from the pain. Again he strapped me, and again. The strikes stung making me aware that welts of deep red marked each blow.

I wanted to beg him to stop while wishing it would continue. I was very conflicted. When the strikes ended, I was laying on my stomach. Jerome mounted me again with one swift push his thick long black cock filled me again. I screamed in both pain and lust. Now he pounded his wonderfully full hard cock into me. It wasn't long until he came. I wouldn't have thought I could feel his jetting cum fill me, yet I did. I didn't have a full anal orgasm, although my prostate did swell making him feel larger. 

Jerome is a young man in his twenties, compared to me at almost 65, and virile. His hard cock remained firm even after his cum. He breathed deeply and began stroking in me again. My ass stung from the strapping he'd given me and his body warmth kept the sting alive.

Jerome began talking in a low voice, "Tell me how you feel, Paul." 

"Fuck me some more, Jerome. Didoes will never be the same again. Your cock is my pleasure." He slid in and out with his full length. I felt him in my depths then just barely in me before filling me again. His cum mixed with the lube he used first made me wet and slippery; I squeezed against his cock.

I realized how much I wanted this afternoon to last and how much I wanted to give him his pleasure. "Whip me again!"

His cock withdrew and the strapping renewed. I counted each strike, each blow was a painful sexual pleasure I'd never experienced. He was not striking me with brutal blows, yet each strike cracked like thunder after a lightning bolt. "Twenty-five," I counted.

He mounted me again; I was full with his well-developed tool. "Finish in me again, Jerome!" I managed to wedge a couple pillows under my hips and felt him driving even deeper. 

The feeling of my prostate being massaged with each pull and push drove me closer as moans of pleasure escaped my mouth. I had a massive anal orgasm just as Jerome reached his second peak. We came hard.

I knew I had violated every ethical barrier between student and teacher, knew that I had committed adultery, and knew I didn't care.