 "Hey, Leon," My manager, Brian, called over the bar, "the guy at table seven has been eye fucking you all night. Tell him to pay up or get out." 

I glared at him. He knew my shift was just about over. But Brian just flashed his killer smile and winked me away, going back to serving whiskey to an older gentleman. 

With a sigh, I started walking toward table seven. It was past twelve in the morning, which is when they usually start playing romantic/power ballads. Three other coworkers that I could see slowly danced on men while Hearts 'What About Love' pulsed through the speakers. 

Then I saw him. His eyes were completely focused on me as if I was the ONLY dancer on duty. No one else was at his table and he lounged in the huge red leather seat. Along with a decent fifty-something body, He had a full head of salt and pepper hair that he spiked up. His goatee was ash colored and neatly trimmed. Then there were his eyes. These piercing blue eyes. The closest description would be two sky colored flashlights that had apparently found what they were looking for.

"Rumor has it that you've kept a close eye on me tonight." I purred with a laugh and smirk.

I was filled with confidence as I stood over this man. 

I wore my usual black suspenders without a shirt underneath. I also converted the pant legs into booty shorts, which I thought I filled out pretty nicely.

"Well," He started, "It's quite the sin NOT to be in awe with one of Gods most gorgeous gifts standing in front of me." 

I couldn't help but blush. Cute AND charming. Hard to find in this sleazy town.

"I'm pretty sure whatever's going through your mind is enough for a first-class ticket to hell." I teased in response. He seemed to like my answer as his eyes managed to get even brighter.

"How much is it to get to know my Sweet Sin?" He asked.

With that, I kneeled on the sit, putting both knees on either side of his thighs and looked him in the eye.

"This ones on the house." I said hushed as a new song came on; 'Heaven' by Bryan Adams. Perfect. I wrapped one hand around his neck and started.

I slowly grinded my ass in a wave like motion against his groin. My other hand massaged his chest. 

He sighed in ecstasy as his mouth started to curve into a devious crooked smile. He looked so, I don't know, peaceful. As If our bodies mingling put him in a serene state.

Then I wrapped both hands around his neck and slightly threw my head back. I started to lean back in and thrusted my crotch upwards towards his chest. Swaying my head from side to side, I knew I had him hooked. The feeling was surprisingly mutual.

I realized that through the entire titillation special, we had yet to break eye contact. Not once did he look down at my body or elsewhere, and I couldn't escape those damn eyes. Even as Bryan Adams' voice began to fade away, I sat still on this intoxicating man, never looking away.

This man. This man I refuse to break eye contact with. This man that made my shorts considerably tighter. This man that I wanted, right now.

"Let's get the hell outta here." I said breathlessly. I grabbed his hand and lead him toward the back of the building. I didn't know where to go, but he didn't reject my hand or proposal.

I lead him inside the considerably large janitors closet. Pulling him in by the belt and closing the door, I introduced my lips to his. 

His tongue instantaneously wanted to play, and began to wrestle mine. I moaned in pleasure and so did he. Wet smacks came after each kiss and my erection began poking his. 

I broke away and unfolded the only chair in the room. I sat down and undid his belt buckle, button and zipper. He didn't wear underwear and his thick six inches sprang out. 

My mouth became a predator and attacked its prey. I sucked hard and fast. He moaned and grabbed the back of my head. He started to facefuck me and fast. 

"Fuck, baby. Mmm, take it deep." He growled.

His length went all the way in and I gagged several times. This was the response that he wanted and he went even faster. After a good minute, he took it out, bent down and kissed me.

I stood up and pushed him on the chair. Undoing my straps, I slid my shorts off and sat on him, looking into his eyes. He put his cock in slowly and I began to ride it fast and hard. The faint pain immediately went away and became absolute pleasure. 

I jumped up and down on his manhood and we both moaned in unison. I ran my fingers through his and pulled. His response was to hold my hips and make me fuck him even harder.

"Oh, fuck your dicks incredible!" I squealed. 

"Oh fuck, baby, your ass is so fucking perfect!" He responded.

The chair creaked louder than our moans and I could tell we were both approaching climax.

We screamed our warnings and within seconds, our bodies shattered and collapsed. Through triumph, though, not defeat. 

He looked up at me, panting, with a faint smile. I smiled back and kissed him very softly.

"I'm sorry," he said, "I'm Kenneth, by the way. What did you say your name was again?" 

"I didn't." I laughed, "Leon. Leon Lust."

We got dressed and began to walk out to the main area. Brian stepped out from the bar and approached us. 

"How come you never took me to the back?" He asked with a smile.

I blushed, embarrassed that he knew.

"I will the next time you respect the fact that I don't do overtime." I snapped in a playful manner.

"Evidently, you don't have cause for complaints." He pointed at my left strap, which I had somehow forgotten to pull back up.

We said our goodbyes and I walked out of Brian's Boys on Kenneth's arm, not knowing what the future held.

*****

-Thank you all so much for the positive reviews and favs on my first literotica story, Alex Wants His Stepdad Part 01! :heart: I am definitely in the makings of part two! As for Leon and Kenneth, I'm sure they have a future as well, but it will take bit to find out what that is!! (: