 Ray is new to the organization that I work for in Texas. Tall, lean, command and control kind of guy who seems to be successful in his field of marketing. At first look I wondered if he was an ex-military man since he spoke loudly and maintained a bold presence wherever I saw him, which was about once a month when I visited the central office.

The last time I saw Ray was a few weeks ago in a meeting with 6-7 other guys from my firm. We sat at a large square conference table and he ended up near me at one corner of the table. During the 2 hour meeting I noticed that he did not where a wedding ring, which made me wonder what his situation was. It was hard for me to concentrate during the meeting as I wondered and began to fantasize about whether or not Ray was gay.

My situation is that I am married for 13 years and while I love tits and pussy, I have had my moments to enjoy cock, though not nearly as much as I really want to. Being married and having 3 kids is loads of work and actually has brought my wife and me to a point that begs the question, "Why we are still married?" She does not know about my desires, but even before getting married I have sucked a few cocks and even fucked a few asses through glory holes at porn shops. Suffice it to say that I am bisexual. Man, I love it though. There's nothing like a hard cock in my mouth, or my 7-½"rod pounding a sweet ass. With divorce not long off, I often speculate how I can satisfy my gay cravings.

The meeting time went by quickly and I ended up having to talk with Ray before I left for home. Now, I am not one to get picked up in bars by other men, so I don't know the signals, but while talking to Ray noticed him sticking his tongue into his cheek. It kind of looked like your cheek does when you're sucking some guy's dick and you let it poke the side of your mouth. Maybe it was just one of those habits Ray has and I noticed it as something more. Then again, maybe I was right. Was he trying to give me a hint?

I drove home that afternoon thinking of the possibilities. As my mind raced my cock got hard and I had to stop to beat-off. That gas station stall will never be the same after I swiftly walked in, threw the door shut, and pulled out my dong only to blow my load in what seemed like just a few hard strokes. Long, sticky globs of cum shot over the toilet and hung on the wall as I shuddered in satisfaction.

A few days ago, while I was working in my home office, I got a call from Ray about the meeting we had. After talking at great length we decided we needed to meet in person to work through details for a multi-day workshop we are going to sponsor. We agreed to meet at a resort that is located in a beautiful part of the state. As I drove there I again worked myself into a concrete hardened fury only to dump my goo into the empty coffee cup in my car while parked at a truck stop. I am so totally hot for some guy I don't even know is gay!

Our meeting to prepare for the workshop went without incident, or more perceived signals from Ray. As we wrapped up for the day, Ray asked, "So, Lee, are you going to drive back right away, or do you want to join me for dinner? I am staying over tonight so I can get started on a trip to Oklahoma tomorrow morning." How convenient! It wasn't the bold statement that I was looking for, but maybe it was the opportunity that I needed.

"Sure," I said. "I am not scheduled to be anywhere tomorrow until afternoon."

"Great, let's hit the bar first," Ray, said with a smile and a slight twinkle in his eye. "I'll go check in and meet you there."

Needless to say, I was nervous and scared as I waited for Ray to show up. The Jim Beam never tasted so good, or went down so easily. I had half a buzz on when Ray walked into the bar. He put his hand on my shoulder and gave a firm squeeze as he sat down. I smiled broadly at him and he smiled back. That's when I felt it. He was hitting on me and I was hooked. He could have me tonight. Anything he wanted and I will do it I thought. Just how do I let him know I want his cock in my mouth? In my ass?

"Let's get hammered!" he said, as he ordered a double Jack and Coke. Now we're talking I thought. We'll loosen up and get down!

Our conversation went on for a couple hours from work, to sports, and finally on to personal matters. It turned out that I was right that Ray was ex-Navy and isn't married. When I asked if he had someone special in his life he said he did not like the idea of long term relationships and was happy with what he called "those hot one-night stands" that he enjoyed while in the Navy. We talked about women and he mentioned a few hookers he had paid, but not much more detail than that.

"Ray," I asked, "what's the wildest night you ever had with a woman?" I was trying to get him to tell me that women aren't his thing and that men were.

He thought for a while and finally looked me straight in the eye and said, "Well, it was certainly wild, but it wasn't with a woman."

Bingo!

"Huh?" I tried to sound bewildered.

"You know what I mean."

"A guy?" Again trying to sound innocent and unknowing.

"Damn right, boy, and it was fucking hot." Ray sat back in his chair with a big smile. He knew I understood. He knew I was interested.

My cock began to grow as I looked around the nearly empty bar room. Ray looked at my crotch and smiled even more. "You seem to be intrigued by my story. Do you want to know more?"

"Yes," I said in a somewhat passionate, background voice. My head began to swim. I knew I was going to get fucked tonight.

We quickly finished our drinks and headed to Ray's room. Walking drunk with an erection is such a great feeling.

Ray swung the door open wide and let me walk into the room first. As I passed him he whispered, "You are in for the fuck of your life you little bitch." My heart skipped a beat and I nearly squealed with delight.

The lights were bright so Ray turned most of them off, but left one on so we could see each other. First we grabbed hands and squeezed tightly, pulling each other close so we could kiss. I had kissed one other man in the past and it was awkward at best, but this was something new. Our lips were on fire as our tongues darted about and soft moans filled the quiet room. Our hips began to grind against each other and I could feel his hard dick straining to break free. I was ready to tear off his pants and eat his manhood like never before.

Hands roamed over our bodies. Belts and buttons started to open. Ray's lean, smooth body was incredible to feel in my hands. He liked pinching my nipples and biting my neck. I licked his chest and sucked his nipples while I squeezed his tight ass.

We were standing in the middle of the room with our shirts off and our pants around our ankles. I held Ray's hands and leaned back slightly so that my boner constrained to my underwear brushed gently across his package. We looked deeply into each others eyes and I moved forward to kiss him. As I stuck my tongue into his mouth I let go of his hands and slowly moved to his pulsing cock. With a quick flick of my index finger I tweaked his dick slightly to tell him that I was about to take over and give him the pleasure he was waiting for. He gasped with desire and begged me, "Do it. Do it you fuck. Suck my cock."

My hands were shaking, but ready for the task as I pulled tenderly at his tight, white briefs. The bulge looked big, but I was not ready for what happed next. As I let his meat free it popped out and hit me in the chin. A beautiful, thick, circumcised cock rocked up and down nearly poking me in the eye. I sat back for a moment and gazed at this beautiful sight. Cleanly shaven and harder that Chinese algebra. That cock is mine. All mine and I cannot wait to gobble it up.

"Suck it you fag," Ray demanded.

My mouth started slowly to taste Ray's member. It was a bit of a challenge to get my lips wrapped around it, but I eventually settled into a smooth rhythm letting it slide in and out. I cupped his smooth balls with one hand and wrapped my other hand around the base of his dong. Ray was quietly whispering to me to "suck it harder. Suck it faster."

I did the best I could do, but his cock seemed to grow as I sucked. It got longer and thicker the more I blew him. In just a few more stokes I felt the based of his organ begin to pulsate and I picked up my pace, as I wanted to taste his sticky cum. Ray's ass tightened and I knew it was time for the load to blow. That first jet of cum hit the back of my mouth hard and Ray pulled back and said, "Beat it. Let me cum on your face you fucking bitch." So, I squeezed hard on the base of the throbbing cock and pounded his manhood as hard as I could. Cum blasted my face and I tried hard to catch it in my mouth. It tasted sweet and slick as the last of his goo dribbled out. I started again to suck and pull out what was left of his orgasm as he shuddered with relief.

I was tired, but unsatisfied. My cock was ready to rip from my bikini briefs, so I stood up and said, "What about me?"

Ray pushed me back onto the bed and violently ripped my underwear off. He grabbed my cock and said, "Are you ready? Because I am gonna rape you like you have never had it before."

"Fuck me you stud." My ass cheeks began to quiver uncontrollably.

Ray spread my legs wide and shoved them tight down onto the bed as though he meant to tell me that they better not more or else. He walked around to the head of the bed and made the same move on my arms. I was frozen in the spread eagle position and began to beg, "Suck my cock, please!"

"Shut up, fag!" You aren't worth sucking' just yet. It's time for me to split your ass in two and fuck you like a rag doll."

"Fuck my ass, Ray. Fuck me hard." While I have never had a dick up my ass before, I have experimented with various household objects and purchased some dildos. But a hot hard cock has never penetrated my bunghole and I was aching for one now. Ray went to his overnight bag and pulled out a bottle of lube. He recklessly squirted some onto his fingers and lifted one of my legs. I squirmed with delight and anticipation.

I was ready for the hard shot of his fingers in my ass, but I was surprised when he slowly caressed my anus with two fingers and then let one glide into my butt. It was like a dream to have his long, strong finger inside me, pumping in and out slowly. Then he added a second and then third finger while he leaned over to kiss my nipples and slowly lick his way up to my mouth. I was quietly beginning to tell him to fuck me, but he held off. I tensed my hips to drive my cock upward toward his belly, but he moved slightly to avoid contact. I was being driven crazy!

Ray kept his three fingers in my ass and kissed me long and deep until I began to relax and my ass began to open around his fingers. "That's my boy. Let me come inside now," he said passionately.

"Yes, yes, fuck me now you stud. Fuck me now!" I was shaking with readiness and couldn't wait any longer. Ray pulled back and looked down on me.

"You're mine, bitch. Here I come," he said. And with that Ray lubed his now hard cock and approached my pulsating ass. I was not ready for the feeling of Ray's cock pushing against my bunghole. It was soft, yet hard and imposing. He grunted and pushed as if to tell me to let him in.

All I could do was tell him to wait while I tried to relax for his cock to enter me. Slowly I allowed his dick to move past my sphincter and despite the pain I had a wonderful feeling of closeness spread all over my body. His cock slid into my ass and he gave a relieving groan to tell me how much he liked it. We were one and I cannot explain how good it felt. Ray smiled and began to pump his thick member in and out of my ass. It took some time to really relax to the new feel of his cock inside me, but I began to take it in with more and more openness. I was getting fucked like I had imagined so many times before.

When my legs began to tire, Ray kept his dong inside me and rotated me onto my belly and lifted my ass up. I half lay on the bed and kept my butt up to accept his thrusting hips. All this time Ray said nothing and made little more than a few grunts as he fucked my ass. I began to stroke my cock as I felt his balls slap against my own. What a feeling.

In a few minutes Ray's tempo had increased and his motion became more deliberate and forceful. I felt his cock swell and begin to throb the harder he fucked. It was time for him to blow his wad. Ray's power was incredible as he thrusted harder and harder, until he abruptly pulled out of my ass and began to cum on my back. Hot strings of cum crawled up my back as I tried to grind my ass into his hips during his orgasm. Ray gave out a long, loud moan as he finished his job.

My knees were shaking and weak as I collapsed onto the bed. But I realized that my cock was still hard and was begging for attention. I rolled over and looked at Ray, who appeared to be spent and ready to fall onto the bed. He stopped to look at my tool and seemed to gain extra life as I motioned to him to start working some magic on my dick. Ray's eyes gleamed with delight as he said, "I forgot all about you. Time for you to do your thing."

Ray dropped to his knees and devoured my cock like a dog chewing a bone. He never touched me with his hands and just used his mouth, which was a fantastic feeling. His head bobbed like a woodpecker at times as he moaned and groaned through every minute. I shook like a leaf as the most intense orgasm that I ever had began to grow from the deepest regions of my hot loin. My cock was bright red and harder than I have ever felt it.

"I'm gonna cum, Ray. Here it comes, Ray. Oh, God, Ray, suck my cock, Ray!" And with that I came in buckets deep inside his mouth. He swallowed every drop and kept going until I was completely dry.

Ray stood up and kissed me again. I was surprised to see that much of my load remained in Ray's mouth as he kissed me. We crumpled onto the bed and stayed there for nearly an hour. We were hot, sticky, and deeply satisfied from this encounter and decided to take a shower to clean up. We stayed in the shower for what seemed like hours, holding each other, washing our bodies, sucking each other's cock and relaxing.

This had to have been the best sex I ever had, with a man or woman. We agreed to make sure we kept our secret to ourselves, and to meet again at our next opportunity for more unforgettable fucking.

Bisexual? No way, I'm gay.