 This is for poeple 18 and over. The storie has gay sex in it M/M if you don't like it that is ok but please don't complain to me about it just keep on walking, thank you. I hope you all enjoy you thelimeyfromhell

***** 

I never thought that I was gay. What I am about to tell you happened a few weeks ago. Like I said up till now I would have sworn blind I was straight. 

It happened between my myself and a mate, to protect him and my self I will call him Mr. Big, you will find out why later, lol. He looks a bit like Ben Affleck, apart from the fact that Mr. Big has long hair and is well built and has a great six-pack. He works out a lot, unlike me. 

I had just got back from London, Soho to be exact. Now Soho is the type of place you can get almost anything, if you know what I mean? Me, I go there to get porn. I got 1 all about cum shots; (or as the guys in the porn biz like to call them the money shots), the 2nd was all about B.J’s and the last looked really good it was a lesbian porn film. 

When I got in I went in to the kitchen to get a bitter from my beer fridge, (I got 2 one for food and one for beer) and went back in to the front room and put the film on. As I opened my can of bitter the first scene started it had these 2 women dressed like ladies of the night kissing. It was just as a red head was going down on the dark haired woman when there was a knock on my front door. 

“Great, why do people all was come over when you’re in the middle of something?” I asked myself as I got up to answer the door. As I opened the door I saw who it was and you guessed it, Mr. Big. We have known each other since we were kids almost 20 years. So it didn’t bother me when he just came in, even if I did say, “oh come on in why don’t you,” in a sarcastic tone. He just looked at me and said, “I will and while I am at it, I’d better get a beer, got any Bud?” It was then that he saw the film playing, “oh got another porno have you?” 

“Yeah, I got some Bud and you know where they are. Looks like you need some fattening up, you skinny git.” Like I said we’ve known each other so long that we know how each other thinks, feels and we take the piss out of each a lot too. He came back into the room and we started the small talk that men do, you know, who we would do if we could, what car is better then the other. 

It was a few scenes later and a few more beers as well when we got on to the B.J talk and as usual he started on about how his girl never liked to give him head. “I mean what I do I have to do to get her to blow me man,” he said. 

We had talked about this before and it almost all ways pissed me off, so I looked at him and said, “hey at least you’re getting some.” My girlfriend had dumped me 3 months ago; you know how it goes. I don’t know why but I found myself looking at his crotch. He must have been as turned on as I was, judging by the bulge in his pants. I looked him in the face. “You know.” I said. “A friend of mine told that only a women really knows how to eat a women out.” 

He looked back at me with slight smirk on his face and said. “Oh and what are you trying to say? Are you asking if you can give me a bit of head mate?” Mr. Big was blunt, which was one of the things I liked about him. He could be as blunt as 20-pound sledgehammer. 

“I don’t know why I said, I guess to be truthful?” I said as I took a sip from my can of bitter. You see guys have these little rules that can be silly, ask any guy and they can come out with a whole list. One of them is no matter how well you know each other 2 guys cannot toss off in front of each other. It is ‘to gay’ as some guys would say, even if they happen to watching a porn film.

We sat there watching one woman using a strap-on on another woman. Mr. Big looked over at me. He surprised me by saying, “You know I have always liked you. I mean there is more between us then a mere friendship, do you know what I mean?” 

I just sat there and nodded it was all I could do. I looked back at him as he carried onto say, “You know there is nothing wrong with experimenting. I mean I’m not gay but I have thought about it and the last time I got a blowjob was about 4 or 5 months a go, I think? And beside when was the last time you had any fun other then watching a porno movie?” 

“You know full bloody well,” I shot back, “just before that bitch dumped me.” 

Mr. Big smiled at me and said, “Look, I never meant to upset you ok and beside you like me to. I know you do and it’s hardly like we’re a pair of pillow biters. What you do for me, I don’t have a problem doing it back.” 

I must admit he had a good point but I had to think about it, so I got up and said, “You fancy another beer mate?” 

“Yeah sure,” I went to get a bitter and bud for us and on my way back I had made my mind up. What the fuck, I thought it could be fun. 

As I passed him his bottle of bud I said, “So what do you want to do just a bit of head or what, do you want more?” 

He got up, came over and sat next to me and said, “Well this is between you and me, no one must know, ok?” 

“I couldn’t agree more mate.” 

He leaned over and whisper in my ear. “Lets see where things go from here, ok?” All I could do was nod my head. I sat there as he kissed his way down from my ear and along my neck with little pecks. It felt good; I mean great, good, you know what I mean. As he came up my neck to meet my lips he started to unbutton my shirt. 

By the time he had gotten to my lips my eyes were closed and it wasn’t a surprise to feel his tongue slipping passed my lips. I responded in kind as his wet tongue delved in to my mouth. 

This was more then good it felt great. I won’t lie it wasn’t the best kiss I’ve ever had, but it’s in the tope three. My hands looked for and found his stomach. I started to pull at his white T-shirt; it was one of those tight ones that showed of how much he worked out. Our lips parted just long enough for me to pull his top over his head. Then we where back at it. 

I am not sure how long we kissed for. But I fond myself going down his chest, he had little hair and the hair he did have tickled my nose. I was getting more and more turn on the closer I got to his trousers. My hand found the zipper of his trousers I unzipped them and took out his cock. 

Now I’ve seen some well-hung guys in porn. Who hasn’t, but Mr. Big was, well big. I mean he was huge. He must have been about 8 or 9 inches long and he wasn’t even fully hard yet. “No wonder your other half doesn’t like to give you head mate you’re huge” I joked with him. 

“If you suck cock half as good as you kiss this is going to be one of the best blowjobs I’ve gotten,” he said as smiled down at me and winked. I leaned over and started to lick the end of his cock. As I was doing that I looked up at him to see that he had closed his eyes. I could hear his moans and groans mixing with the ones coming from the tape that was still playing. 

He tasted good I never thought I’d say that about sucking a guy off. I can’t really tell you what he tasted like but I have never tasted anything like it before. I started to run my tongue up and down his cock. Running from the base to the top and around the head of his cock. Judging from his moans and groans he must have been having a good time. 

As my tongue came up to the end of his cock, I tasted something new pre cum. It was salty almost and a bit bitter to. That turned me on even more. I could not believe that I was giving my best friend head. 

“Suck my balls.” I heard him whisper. I ran my tongue down to the bass of his cock and on to his balls. I opened my mouth and took one of his balls into my mouth. As I sat there sucking on his balls, I undid the zipper on my trousers and released my own cock for some reason I was rock hard. I started to play with my own hard on, as I sucked on his balls. This felt really good but I have already said that. 

I let his balls slip out of my mouth and I looked up at Mr. Big. “Hey your better half when she does go down on you does she deep throat you?” 

“No she says it feel like she’s choking, why?” 

I looked at him and said. “Well lay back and enjoy I want to see how much of you I can get in my gob. Ok?” He just sat there and smiled at me as I started to take his cock in my mouth. 

Inch after inch I took him into my mouth. Slowly, I could feel his well-hung cock filling my mouth and it felt really good. Sorry, I keep saying that but it was. I’m not sure how much of him I got in before I started to gag but I wanted to get more, so I push myself more and more. I remembered a female friend telling me that she could deep throat and that, “all you had to do was work past that gag reflex.” So I did and I have to say it took a bit of time. I now know why some women don’t like to give head. 

But feeling his cock slid down the back of my mouth unbelievable, plus the fact that all I could hear was his moaning. The tape had stopped, I wasn’t sure when or how long ago. I could feel him start to tense up. I started to let him slide out of my throat and held the tip in my mouth I wanted to taste his cum. 

I noticed that he had graded the cushion that he was sitting on. He moan, “oh my good g-g-god! I a-am f-f-fu-ucking c-c-uming! And with that he started to shot his load in my mouth. I could taste his thick almost gamy cum. I got to say it did not taste to bad a little to salty but a part from that pretty good. Mr. Big looked down at me and said, “You know that was fucking great.” 

As he said that I swallow his cum. “I know what you mean mate,” with that I picked up my can of bitter and took a swig. “Want to have some more fun in the shower,” I said, “or what?” 

THE END WELL MAYBE I WILL HAVE TO SEE?