 Let me lick it," he whispered. His roommate was outside cleaning the car, he would walk in on them at any minute. To his surprise his roommate's friend, Bill, a small framed wiry attractive sandy blonde haired guy, who was sitting on the couch, whipped out his tool in two seconds flat!

Ryan knelt on the floor and took the head in his mouth, sucking gently and pulling on it. The man gasped with pleasure and allowed Ryan better access by shucking down his jeans and boxers.

Ryan placed his hands on Bill's hips and got closer to his target…that glorious cock. His mouth dribbled just thinking about it. He was always gay, being able to get off just watching men, but he particularly loved sucking cocks and being sucked on by a guy. Something about the feeling of the solid throbbing flesh in his mouth made him horny. He loved the feeling of power it gave him because when a man's cock was in his mouth, he knew the man was completely vulnerable, giving up his most private part to him literally. But now to matters at hand.

He and his roommate's friend, Bill had been eyeing each other for a while. Ryan decided he had to make a move or else the moment would have gone. He was glad he did because now more than ever, he wanted to suck that cock.

He licked the head again, enjoying the smooth silky texture of the skin. Bill squirmed with ecstacy and moved his hips forward so more of his cock head slipped into Ryan's wet voluptuous mouth. The tip slid effortlessly on Ryan's tongue, and Bill's nipples hardened as his cock became fully erect.

He pulled his hips back and pushed forward again, letting the tip rub against Ryan's raspy wet tongue. Loving the erotic sensation, Bill pulled back again and pushed forward once more so the tip slid against the warm, rough wet tongue. Oooooh, that's so good! Bill thought.

Ryan did not want to suck Bill's tip alone though. No he had other plans.

Getting a firmer grip on Bill's hips, Ryan slowly and langouriously licked his cock head. Lick, lick, lick. His tongue moved over the silky flesh gliding over the slit. He rubbed the slit with the tip of his tongue, letting his saliva lubricate it well. Then he moved his tongue vigourously over the slit and swept over the cock head. Circling then rubbing, slicking, circling and rubbing the cock head with his tongue until Bill was moaning and groaning for more.

Suddenly, Ryan stopped. Bill watched expectantly. Ryan made a motion for Bill to go to his bedroom. Bill went in quickly and just as Ryan was about to follow, his roommate walked in saying he had to go to the mechanic…something was wrong with the car engine. He asked for Bill, and Ryan fumbled a bit, but said Bill went to the washroom. His roommate said he had to go, telling Ryan to fill Bill in and that he may be back from the mechanic late in the evening. Then he left.

Ryan couldn't believe his luck. The house would be empty for the rest of the day. He and bill could do whatever they wanted!

He went into his bedroom and told Bill the details. By now, Bill had completely stripped off all his clothes and was sitting on the edge of the bed with a sexually charged cock. Bill grinned at Ryan's news. Ryan on the other hand, wasted no time, closed the door shut, knelt down in front of Bill and got back to sucking his gorgeous cock.

He slipped the head in his mouth, sucked hard then after hearing Bill's gasps, decided to move on to the next level. 

He slowly took in the full length and girth of that cock, letting his tongue taste and feel the beautiful throbbing tool, then he sucked and pulled out until the head was almost out.

He went down, making sure the tip rubbed slowly along his tongue. He licked the length of the shaft, letting his saliva envelope the rigid member. Then he pulled out again and started licking the tip.

By now Bill was breathing heavily. When Ryan sucked all of him once more, Bill felt he was ready to pop. He clasped Ryan's dark chocolate coloured hair, as he came down on him, and Bill moved his hips forward, so his cock was shuddering with delicious pleasurable friction. Ryan sucked and slurped faster and faster.

They moved together like this, in and out, up and down, for at least ten maybe fifteen minutes. Bill lost all track of time as he moved his hips in perfect synchrony against Ryan's warm wet mouth, with nothing but swollen sensitive cock in between. 

Then with a cry of pure elation, Bill let go all his inhibitions and his cock squirted in powerful bursts into Ryan's mouth. He swallowed greedily, firmly grasping Bill's bucking hips and sucking hard until Bill was empty. 

Then he licked the head a few more times, enjoying the rich fragrance of Bill, and then released him, looking up at Bill's satiated face.

Bill grinned mischievously and said, "Now its your turn…"