 The following is a fantasy of a bi-curious guy.

I'm sitting here in my hotel room waiting for you. I am waiting for you to come and dominate my mouth. My cock slowly grows inside my pants. I rub it as it swells and gets stiffer in anticipation. 

The door opens and you walk in. I stand up quickly. My cock throbs with anticipation as I wait for you to tell me what to do next.

You command me to take my clothes off and I obey. I throw my shirt off and then unzip pants and let them fall to the floor. I then slowly slip off my briefs exposing my large, hard cock to you. I now stand here, completely naked and totally exposed before you.

You tell me to get on my knees and I obey. You take your shirt off as you look down at me and smile. 

I'm on my knees in front of you. I'm completely naked, vulnerable, submissive. Between my legs my rigid cock points upward in anticipation of what you'll do to me. You walk up to me, wearing only your pants. You stop with your erection bulging through your tight jeans just inches from my face. 

I look up at you and ask you if I can touch it. You look down and say "yes". I put my hand over your hard, manly erection and rub it through your jeans. My other hand goes to the bottom of your massive bulge, massaging your balls. Your cock throbs with power as my hands touch it. So hard. So powerful.

You look down and command me to unzip your pants and I obey. I pull your pants down to get an even better look at your hard manly cock through your underwear. I immediately start teasing it with my mouth and tongue. I want to taste your cock so bad. I want it in my mouth.

"Take out my cock and put it in your mouth, cocksucker!" you say looking down on me.

"Yes master," I respond looking up at your masterful gaze.

I pull down your underwear slowly and release your massive fuck tool. I run my lips and my tongue along the length of your shaft. I take your balls in my mouth, one at a time, and lick them thoroughly. I then lick the tip of your cock, whirling my tongue around the head. I love your taste. I want your cock in my mouth so bad.

I open my mouth and slowly take your dick into my warm, hungry mouth. Your hard erection fills my cocksucker mouth as I take your entire length into my mouth. I gag a little.

I then start to rapidly bob my head back and forth, sliding my wet cocksucker lips up and down your cock. I love the feeling of your hard cock in my mouth.

I then feel your hands around my head as you hold my head still. I look up at you without moving my head, your cock still in my mouth. You look down and smile. Then you start to pump my mouth with your cock. You're in total control. Your cock dominates my mouth as you shove your man meat right down my throat. Wildly you fuck my mouth like it was a little pussy. I choke several times on your cock and you keep going. I love every second of it. It feels so good to have my mouth dominated by your large, powerful cock. 

"Take it cocksucker! Take my dick in your pussy mouth!" you yell. 

You then pull back and rapidly stroke your cock mere inches from my face. I sit there on my knees with my mouth open waiting for your cum. I want your cum. Give it to me. 

You groan and a massive stream shoots into my hungry mouth. Several more streams of your cum shoot unto my face hitting my chin and forehead. Your warm cum on my face feels so good. It tastes so good in my mouth as I swallow your salty cum. I take your cock into my mouth and lick up the rest of the cum dripping from your head.

You pull out and start to put on your clothes as I remain on my knees enjoying the feeling of your cum running down my face. I smile knowing that I am yours and that my cocksucking mouth now belongs to your dick. I can't wait for you to use me again, master. I've become your own personal cocksucker and I live for your cum.