 We'd been dancing for a few hours and had progressively moved closer in to each other, until he was standing directly behind me, both of us facing the DJ. I could feel the warmth of his body on my back and, when I ground my arse against him, I could feel his erection. He put his arms across my chest, and pulled me in for a hug. We'd had some ecstasy when we'd arrived, and as he nuzzled my neck, I stretched back enjoying his lips on my skin.

"Let's go," I said, as I turned to face him.

He looked back at me, not knowing what to say. We'd been buddies for a couple of years, and were close, but he had obviously not expected this. He knew me as straight, and would've thought that the dancing was just teasing, just the endorphins in our bodies.

"Dude?" he asked. Although he was close to fifty, he looked much younger, and spoke like a teenager. He had a fit body, toned without being muscular, and was a little shorter than me.

"I want to go to your place, and play some more," I said, as I took his hand.

I could see the smile in his bright blue eyes, then he turned and led me to the exit.

In his car, it was suddenly quiet after the noise of the club. 

"I want to play with you," I told him, "I don't know what I want, and how far I want to go, and I don't want to make things weird for you, but..."

It all tumbled out in one breath. He was a friend and felt like a safe first time, but I didn't want to hurt him.

"It's okay."

And he put one hand gently on the side of my head, and drew me in for a kiss. It felt good, maybe a little rougher than I was used to, but it relaxed me, reassured me.

"I'd love that," he said, "And everything is up to you."

It was a short drive back to his loft apartment. His one hand rested on my thigh, and he kept on glancing at me, his eyes sparkling. It was like he wanted to reassure himself that I was still there. Each time he changed gear, his hand would return to my leg, a little higher each time until I could feel the light pressure of his pinkie against my groin.

He unlocked the door to his flat, and stepped aside to let me in. I pulled him in behind me then, before he had a chance to turn on the lights, pushed him against the wall and kissed him passionately. I could feel our cocks pressed together between our bodies, still under clothes. His one hand reached behind me and squeezed a cheek, while the other held my head, held the kiss.

I told him how much I'd been enjoying the dancing, feeling his closeness, and suggested we put on some low lights, some music, and start out like that. He nodded his approval and quickly did as I'd suggested.

This time, there was no need to be careful. His body pressed against me from behind, while his hands explored my body, gently roaming over my tee-shirt, and brushing the front of my jeans. I closed my eyes and leant back against him as he kissed my neck tasting the light sweat. 

I was enjoying the sensation so much, that it took a moment to notice that he pulled away from me. I turned to see him lifting his shirt over his head, and took the opportunity to kiss him again. As we kissed, I felt his fingers under my shirt then he broke the kiss long enough to remove my shirt.

A gentle nudge on the shoulder was all it took to turn him, so that I was now behind him and had a chance to explore his body, as he had mine. I pressed into him, feeling my erection between his cheeks, one hand sliding over his nearly hairless chest and down his flat stomach. Both his hands were on my butt. A thin layer of sweat was compressed between our bodies. My hand continued downwards, gently feeling the bulge in his pants then closing over it. As I squeezed his cock through his jeans, he leant back against me and sighed. I fumbled with the button of his pants, I wanted to touch him, feel his hardness in my hand. 

He broke away and turned to face me.

"Why don't we take a seat on the couch?" he asked.

I turned to locate the couch in the unfamiliar apartment and, when I turned back, saw the he was hurriedly removing his jeans. I quickly stripped down and sat down, naked, next to him on the couch. 

His cock was already fully hard, and I took a moment to look over his toned body. Like me, his body was smooth, with just a sprinkling of hair on his chest. His pubic area was shaved smooth. I'd shaved too, just that morning, leaving a thin line of hair going down from my navel.

When our eyes met, he had a hungry look. I felt desired, and wanted. I'd never felt that before, not in this way. Obviously, there'd been girls who wanted me, but this was different, this time it felt like I was the object of desire. 

We kissed passionately again, each of us exploring the other. At last, my hand closed on his warm, smooth cock and for a while, we slowly stroked each other as we made out.

I broke the embrace. I pushed him away so I could watch him watching me, as I stroked myself. His eyes were on my fist as I slowly, deliberately, stroked my erection. I felt more desired than ever. I felt like I was the prey, but at the same time, I was completely in control. I wanted to please him, I would've have done anything for him, just for that look.

He dropped to his knees in front of me, looked up at me one more time, then gently kissed the head of my cock. I ran one hand through his short-cropped hair and noticed the fine mist that rose from it. He kissed down the length of my shaft, and gently held my balls in one hand. At this point, I closed my eyes, leant back, and gave in fully to the sensations. He kissed back up the shaft, then slowly, lovingly took me in his mouth. He gently bobbed up and down my cock, in no hurry despite his hunger. A finger slowly explored from my balls to my crack.

He broke contact to hitch my knees over his shoulders, and then went back to work, a little more urgently now. I felt opened and completely exposed to this man. While his mouth worked my cock, his hands kneaded my cheeks and explored my crack. Every time his finger brushed my anus, I felt a jolt of electricity through my body. 

After a minute or two, just as I was getting close to cumming, he paused. He lifted my feet onto his shoulders, exposing me even more. He gently nuzzled my balls while slowly stroking me. Then, without any warning, I felt his tongue gently push on my arsehole then track down to my balls. If the earlier feeling had been electric, this was like lightening!

But I wasn't ready to come yet. I wanted to stretch this out, to enjoy every luxurious second. And I desperately wanted to taste him.

Using my feet, I pushed him off, and stood up. He stood up to face me, and we kissed again. I could taste myself on his tongue.

I took his hand and lead him to his bed, where we lay down next to each other. We kissed, just briefly, as I had other things on my mind. I pushed him down, then kissed down his neck, across his chest, his nipples, and down his stomach.

He propped himself up on his elbows, so he could watch as I neared his cock. I didn't feel nervous about the next step, everything so far had felt natural and comfortable, but I wanted to tease him. I tongued his skin just next to his cock, then across the tops of his thighs. He moaned, then pushed me in the direction he needed me to go.

Like he'd done a few minutes before, I gently kissed the head of his cock, then down the shaft. I kissed one ball, then the other. I didn't really know what to do with them, but as I tongued them, he sighed, and lay back down to enjoy every moment. 

I closed my lips over the head of his cock, then slowly slid down as far as I could. I wanted as much of that cock as I could possibly manage. I felt like I was about to gag, but suppressed it for him. He tasted musky, salty.

With one hand, I dragged my nails down his torso from his nipple to his hip, and watched as his skin shivered in pleasure.

Then, just like he'd done, I slid a hand under his butt. I squeezed, then ran my finger down his crack.

He pushed me off him, and in one move, put a pillow in place and had me lying on my stomach. He pulled my cheeks apart, and started licking my arsehole, gently probing. Then, with one hand under my hip, he pulled me up into a crouch, so he could stroke me again. A finger replaced his tongue, and he gently pushed against my hole. I pushed back against, partly to let him know I was okay with it, but mostly because I needed him in me. The positive reinforcement worked, and he soon had two fingers opening me up, sliding in and out of my virgin hole. I turned my head to the side so I could watch him as he knelt behind me. I saw him reach for some lube I hadn't previously noticed, and felt the cold liquid as he spread it between my cheeks. It felt easier now, like I'd opened for him, but still he used just the two fingers in me. He was reaching deeper into me, but I needed more.

"Fuck me!" I begged him, "Please, fuck me now!"

He smiled at me. It was a gentle, loving smile, but at the same time, there was that hunger again. He shifted behind me, and for the first, I felt the head of his cock against my hole. This was what I'd been fantasizing about when we'd been in the club. At first, I wasn't sure he'd be able to fit inside me but he slowly increased the pressure against me, and slowly eased his way in. 

It seemed to take an age. He didn't thrust, just pushed steadily, filling me slowly centimetre by centimetre until I could feel his hips against my cheeks. There was a hint of pain, but it was the kind of pain I wanted. It felt like he fit me perfectly, like my body was made for him. I couldn't breathe, just short gasps. 

He paused, then, just as slowly, started to withdraw. It was torture! He was taking his time, slowly pulling out of me, when all I wanted was his cock deep inside me!

He knew that, of course. Out of the corner out my eye, I could see his smile. 

He pulled almost all the way out, till it felt like his cock would pop out of my arse, then drove back in. He was faster this time, but not yet thrusting. He felt hot inside me. I felt stretched out perfectly around him.

Gradually he increased his pace. His hands held my hips, and pulled me into his body as he thrust into mine. I could barely breathe, barely even think of anything beyond the feeling of his cock penetrating me. I realised that with each thrust I was grunting, and wasn't sure when I'd started that.

I wanted him to fill me with his cum. I wanted to be used by him, and to get that as a reward for being a good slut for him.

I tensed my muscles, and immediately heard his moan. His fingers dug into my hips as he drove into me, faster and faster. I was his to be used. I was amazed at how sensitively I could feel him inside me, the ridge of his head as he plunged it into me. I felt him swelling and throbbing and knew he was close. I tensed my muscles for him again, and was immediately rewarded with a loud grunt as he slammed into me, deeper than he'd been before. As he did, I felt his warmth shooting into me - spreading through me.

We slumped down flat on the bed, him lying on my back. He turned my head, and kissed me, long and slow, a thank you kiss. He was still inside me, and as he started to withdraw, I gripped onto him holding him inside.

He lifted up himself up to withdraw from me. I turned over and took his head in my hands, pulled him in for a kiss. This was my thank you kiss. We kissed deeply, like lovers.