 Dear John,

Sorry it has been so long since I wrote, – I have not forgotten you. I hope we can still meet when I return early next year. You asked about my experiences, so I thought I would tell you about another man I met on the net.....

We arranged to have a session over lunchtime on the following Tuesday. Our net contact had confirmed that we both enjoyed playing both sub and Dom roles, and when we discussed limits, they stopped at more or less the same place when it came to one-off meetings (no unprotected body fluids, no marks, no public humiliation risk etc). We also both enjoyed doing things with an element of anticipation or surprise, both giving and taking. We decided that he would be dominant. The submissive waits in a room, naked and blindfolded. The dominant enters and can play with and use the submissive in any way within the limits. A safety word would always be used (this is a word that, when used by the submissive, stops all play and allows discussion about what is happening and what might be a consequence – it is very handy when things start getting out of your comfort zone). 

The question was – where? He suggested a room at a local hotel, so I walked in saying I was in town for a day, and just needed a place to relax for two or three hours before my next meeting, have a shower, etc. They do day rates so I got a room for around $30. I went to the room and called his mobile giving him the room number. I undressed, put a mask over my eyes, and stood in the middle of the room, facing away from the unlocked door.

It is surprising what a period of waiting can do to your mind. Every set of footsteps up and down the passage outside the door could have been him. Some cleaners came down the hall with their trolley – what if they stopped and came in not knowing the room had been recently taken? I got excited thinking about what was to come, then as I became anxious about whether he had forgotten the room number or had decided he could not do it my excitement would flag and I would become nervous. He took a long time – probably only 15 minutes, but it certainly made me go through the whole emotional gamut.

He timed his entry well, too. A whole lot of people were coming along the passage, talking and laughing, and he walked just behind them, so I didn't really hear him come in, just a slight breeze on my back and the click of the door being closed. Again, a long period of waiting, so I was not sure whether he had come in or not. I jumped when he first touched me. I had given a lot of thought to his first moves during my wait – would he caress me, hit or hug me, or erotically touch me gently? As it turned out, none of these. He made me undress him.

Undressing someone blindfolded does not seem too hard when you think about it, but buttons are round the wrong way, belts go in different directions, shoelaces are funny knots. He gave me absolutely no help, I even had to lift his legs to take off shoes and trousers and underpants. As I took an item off, he would take it from me and move away to put it somewhere and when he came back he would be facing a different way or further away from me and I would have to find him, remember where I was at and then take off the next bit. 

I took off the underpants last, having a bit of a grope as I did – he had a very nice bulge by this time. He took some time to come back, and when he did, he was behind me. He stood close, and I could feel his cock resting against the crack of my buttocks. He reached around me, and took each of my hands. I was getting excited, what would he want me to do? Not what I expected. He placed my arms at my sides and, fastening his belt around my waist and forearms pinned them there. 

He stood close behind me again, a bit harder against my crack now. He pushed his knees into the hollow behind my knees and I sank to the floor as he moved back. He walked around me and I could feel him in front of me. I knelt, head bowed, and waiting. He had not spoken (he didn't speak more than three words for the whole time), and I just had to wait. His hand touched the top of my head, grabbed a handful of hair, and pulled me to an upright kneeling position. Using my hair, he moved my face to his cock. 

As he moved my head, sometimes squeezing the hand holding the hair to add a bit of reminder that he was in charge, the head of his cock ran over my face. It was against a cheek, and then pushing against my blindfold, and then the whole length pushed hard against me from ear to mouth, with his balls against my lips. He put the very tip against my nose, between the nostrils, the hole rubbing against the piece that divides the nostrils, wet with pre-cum. He moved his hips and then it was as if he was going to try to force himself into my nostril, hand gripping my hair so hard that I gasped.

Then the tip was on my lips, which parted readily. He moved my head away and then pulled it back with the side of his cock against my lips. I opened my mouth and ran my tongue and lips along his shaft as he moved me around by my hair. Once or twice he let the head into my mouth as he changed sides, but not far or for long. 

Then I got it all, slowly pushing through my lips, into my mouth, and he kept pushing it in slowly. I couldn't move my head back to catch my breath, it just kept coming. I just had to keep pushing my tongue out and make my throat swallow as he went further and further in. He seemed to go on forever as it slowly drove forward. Soon I felt his stomach on my forehead and his balls on my chin. 

My eyes were watering with fighting down the gag reflex and I felt like I was going to choke and throw up and yet I was excited too. He pulled completely out and then let the tip rest on my lips again. To me, with the blindfold, the whole world was about touch. His hand in my hair was forgotten, everything centred on his tip on my lips. Would he make me take him all again? He released my hair and moved away. I was shaking with the excitement and tension. I heard him moving around, and then he was back.

A gentle hand under my chin lifting me full erect on my knees again. Again the cock on my lips, this time with that peculiar latex and spermicide smell of condoms. Rather than have him jam it down my throat without a lubricating coat of saliva, I quickly pushed my mouth over the head, putting as much moisture on it as I could before he forced it into me. I had done it for a few seconds before he placed his hands behind my head. 

No hair this time – he just pushed himself into my throat by leaning forward and holding my head steady. A bit faster this time, again right in. Even with the saliva, I could feel the condom gripping at my throat. He slowly pulled back, and pushed forward again - faster than the first time, but still quite carefully and slowly. This time there was less friction from the condom, and it was a bit more comfortable even with the feeling of having it shoved all the way in. 

But he was completely in his control. I was kneeling, with him over me, and with my hands securely fastened to my side (the belt was so tight I couldn't even move my hands back or forward) there was no way I could get up - even if I wanted to – without his co-operation. I could not fall away because of his hands on my head. 

He started to fuck my mouth, sometimes all the way in, sometimes not. Sucking someone is fun, but being fucked there is another matter. Being so helpless, I just had to put up with it. I felt like my throat was being drilled out. I wondered if he was damaging me. I let him continue without any protest, he had made me feel so submissive and powerless. He could use me and I would not stop him.

It didn't last too long, on one stroke he simply stopped when he was out of my mouth. His hand tightened on my hair and he pulled me to my feet. That hurt. But his hand on my cock soon had me excited again. He moved behind me again, and standing behind me started to fondle my nipples. He pressed close against me with his cock erect against my crack. As his hand moved further down, I showed a rising excitement. He squeezed, pulled, stroked and pushed me. Twice I almost exploded, but he stopped me as he sensed it. The first time he drew my whole attention away by pulling down on my nipple so hard that I thought he would rip it off. The second time he gripped a handful of hair and pulled my head back, before turning me and thrusting me suddenly across the room.

I staggered forward, the abrupt change from excitement to this headlong rush with no control over my arms very unsettling. I was mentally and physically off balance by the time my legs hit the bed and I thumped face down on it. Even then, it wasn't the soft bedspread that I fell on, but the coarse roughness of very dry cheap hotel towels. I lay face down, diagonally across the bed, head over one side and feet over the other. 

I waited while he moved around, rummaging in a bag and then walking to the door. I didn't hear him come back, but suddenly he fell on top of me, at the same time his legs forcing my apart. He moved and I felt his well-lubricated cock slide down my crack and the tip come to rest against my ass. My hips rose involuntarily as he pushed. As when he forced my throat, he was not brutal, just slowly persistent.

The feeling as he entered was amazing, and then he shifted position a little and drove himself right in, quite quickly. I groaned loudly and his hand came around and covered my mouth. He could feel my hips responding to his movement, and I rubbed myself against the roughness of the towels. I felt him quicken and thrust deeper as he came, driving deep and exhaling loud grunts in my hair. I kept moving, trying to bring myself off as he moved away.

He came back - I thought to get his belt - but instead he leant his weight on my ass, stopping me from moving. I felt a hand stroke my buttocks while applying some more lube to my ass. I felt a hard narrow object against me. As it was slipped in, it rapidly got wider. His hand slipped under my stomach and raised my hips as he pushed in the butt plug. The widest bit really stretched me, and he wasn't gentle. I sighed in absolute relief as my ass closed about the narrow shaft. Then he undid the belt pinning my arms. 

I was full with the huge plug, but he made me stand and he led me across the room. We stopped in the bathroom and he bound my wrists together with the belt. He lifted my bound hands above my head and then walked me slightly backward. He pushed up on the belt, forcing me back, on my toes and against the wall. In a quick movement, he hooked the belt over a coat hook. Now I was hung, back to the wall, toes supporting some of my weight, the belt around my wrists the rest.

He was in front of me. Then his hands were all over me, rubbing, squeezing. He pinched and pulled my nipples so hard I thought they were going to come off. His fingers found my mouth and pushed against my lips. When I opened my mouth his fingers went inside my mouth and pulled my tongue out. He forced my legs apart and fondled me, rubbing, squeezing, hard and soft. The touching was random, no pattern, him just playing with me at a whim. Sometimes he hurt me – he pinched the skin under my armpits then pulled down on it. He pulled my lips apart. When I became obviously excited he slapped my genitals.

He lifted me off the hook and turned me around, hanging me back on the hook but this time facing the wall. I was like a piece of meat he could do anything with. The wall was cool and very hard. I had to turn my head to the side to avoid squashing my face. He slapped my buttocks a couple of times, not hard, just enough to sting a bit. He was getting hard again, and he went out of the room to put another condom on and a handful of lube too. He came back and slapped my butt a bit more, pushing me roughly - hard against the wall with one hand. He reached down and pulled the plug out. The muscles are in different positions when you are hanging, and the blunt part of the plug seemed to shove my buttocks aside. Before I could return to my normal shape, he jammed his now very hard cock into me again.

There was no gentleness now. He simply placed a hand either side of me on the wall, and thrust himself into me again and again. I had no way of stopping myself being pulled away from, and then thrust hard against, the wall. I took all my weight on my arms and one set of toes and brought a knee up to stop the motion. He pulled out and whacked me hard across the buttocks. When my knee went down, he was back in me again. This time, the smack had tightened my buttocks, but his hard thrust forced it's way through and he resumed his rhythm as if he hadn't had to stop.

Despite the roughness and the thudding against the wall, I was becoming excited again. But he was just using me, he wasn't interested in my state. When he came he withdrew immediately and then went and started the shower running. I was dangling, ignored. He went to the toilet, casually fondling my buttock as he stood. I heard him showering and drying himself. He left the bathroom and I could hear him getting dressed. He zipped his bag as if he was going to leave.

He came into the bathroom, and stood there, casually fondling my buttock again as he slid the condom off the butt plug he had forgotten. He lifted the belt over the hook and took me back to the other room. He slid the tip of the plug across my lips, watching how I eagerly opened my mouth to accept it. He walked away and put the plug in his bag. 

I was standing, cock erect, in the middle of the room, almost where I had been when he came into the room. He undid the belt and placed my hands by my sides. My cock was very hard. He ran his fingers up the underside then pushed against the hole, wiggling his finger as if he was going to force it down the tube. Pre-cum started seeping out – I was so close. He let the end of the belt dangle against the shaft, swinging away so it softly swung back, then swinging it further away so it came back a bit harder, and a bit further and again, a little harder. It was starting to sting when he stopped.

He put the belt through his trouser loops, knelt down and smoothly took the whole of my cock into his throat in one go. He ran his mouth and throat up and down the shaft a couple of times, then withdrew, got up, picked up his bag, walked to the door, and left me there, cock absolutely erect, standing blindfolded in the middle of the floor. 

We have had a few other sessions too, I will tell you about those later. Looking forward to hearing from you,

Lyon