 **Happy New Years everyone! Chapter 3 is a very important chapter, so be sure to stick around and enjoy reading it!

*****

***Reggie

I took one long breath and leaped off the edge of the rock. Time seemed to swirl around me as the wind lightly whistled in my ears. I closed my eyes as I continued in free fall for what seemed like forever. Soon after my jump, I broke the surface of the warm water and swam up to breathe. Simon was staring back at me with a huge grin across his face and I began to laugh in enjoyment. 

It was our 2nd to last day in Croatia, and Simon and I decided to spend it in a crystal-clear lake we had accidentally came across. We had spent over 1 hour of hiking just to get here, and much to our pleasure, we were the only ones there. We went skinny dipping to really "enjoy" the water and ourselves. Simon came over to me and gave me a huge kiss on the cheek; this is the happiest and closest we had ever been. Traveling to another country with Simon was the best investment I had ever made. 

We swam and did cannonballs for about an hour till we got too tired of it. It was the golden hour of the day, and a small breeze began to pick up and ruffle the leaves of the emerald trees. Simon and I sat on a rock and enjoyed the sunrays the warmed our skin and backs. I propped myself on one arm to remind myself of Simon's beauty. I had met him nearly a year ago yet nothing had changed: his shaggy, blond hair curled a little above his eyes, his golden skin radiated in the sunlight, his eyes forever laughing, and his lips curled into a smile. "God, you're gorgeous," I blurted. 

Simon blushed and stared at me. "I'm lucky to have you Reggie. I would never imagine in all my years that I would ever be lucky enough to find someone like you."

"Weird huh?" I asked.

"What?" Simon replied tilting his head a little. He looked so cute when he was confused.

"I don't know," I said coolly, "just how life works. How it puts things and people in our lives when we needed it the most. I mean, you were struggling with your late boyfriend and... I never thought that I'd find love in between Rosemary and my bills. But I guess it worked out."

"Yeah..." Simon trailed off. He leaned in to kiss me. My eyes closed as his tongue worked and danced in my mouth. He sucked my bottom lip and caressed my back, and soon enough, my boner poked at his stomach. He took his lips off of mine and laughed. I stood up to get ready to leave- I didn't want to get caught having intercourse in a place like this. Just as I was about to leave, Simon grabbed me and turned me around. He began to suck my raging boner with no remorse. I moaned in pleasure, and I stroked his hair. "Simon..." I struggled to get out, "we shouldn't be doing this here."

But that didn't stop him from devouring my cock. He flicked his tongue over the shaft and tip as he played with my balls. Feeling the warm, fleshy walls of his mouth put me over the top. "Fuck..." I groaned, "you little slut, I guess we'll have to make do here."

Simon took his mouth off my meat and cheered, "Yes! This will be so exciting!" 

I rolled my eyes as he continued to give me head. His blowjob was great, but it wasn't satisfying my growing hunger for his body. I turned him around and made him put his ass in the air. I kissed his hole and began giving him the sloppiest rimjob he would ever receive. I ate his ass like a maniac: fucking it with my tongue and frequently fingering it to get out his addicting yells of pleasure. 

After I opened up his asshole, I slicked my raging erection with my saliva. I slowly penetrated him with the tip of my penis. He moaned in pain and pleasure as I grabbed his shoulders and fucked him relentlessly in doggy style. He gripped my arm tighter and moaned louder with each pump. His ass contracted and glided over my dick and I knew I had to go slower if I wanted to get most out of this outdoor sex. 

"Fuck me Reggie!" he demanded, "yeah! Fuck! Right there!"

His dirty remarks made me pump more intently and more rapidly. I moaned loudly in pure ecstasy. Simon began to jerk his dick under my dominance and soon enough, he was yelling.

"I'm gonna lose it! Keep going! Yeah!" he yelled at me. He threw his head back and arched his body as he released his seed onto the rock beneath him. His muscles contracted around my cock and milked it, and soon enough, a pressure began to build up in my pelvis. I bit my lips hard as I thrust deep into him. "Shiiiiiit!" I screamed as I unloaded my seed deep into his gut.

Simon was limp and panting under my as I crashed my body onto his. We rolled over and said nothing for a few minutes, we were too out of breath. I wiped my forehead and looked at him. His dorky grin spread across his face and he giggled, "You sure know how to fuck, Reggie."

I caressed his hair softly, "Well, you always bottom the living shit out of me, so it would only be respectful to fuck you like a maniac."

We just layed for what seemed like an eternity with nothing on except our birthday suits. I reached over to touch his arm. "How are you?" I asked.

"I'm amazing, Reggie," he responded enthusiastically, "I've never, ever been happy like this in my entire life."

"I'm so happy we decided to do this," I said caressing his arm.

"Reggie, you're an amazing guy. I didn't know what I did to deserve someone like you."

"You didn't do anything to deserve me," I responded, "we just happened to meet at the right time."

He adjusted himself into my arms and laid there in silence again. His breathing slowed and he closed his eyes. "You good?" I asked.

"Yeah, it's just. I don't think I want to leave," he admitted.

I rubbed his chest in agreement. I knew what he was talking about. He had landed mechanical engineering a new job at a local car producer, and though he enjoyed working there, he got tired of it sometimes. As for me, I had to go back to work at Rosemary, and though it was basically my baby, it was nice taking a break from handling the cafe. 

But we both knew what we were trying to forget while we stayed in Croatia, it was our families. Simon suggested that our families should meet a few months ago, and just a week from tomorrow was the day that they would meet. The funny thing is that I know Simon's family more than my own. My dad was basically a stranger, my mom talked to me twice a month, and my two brothers were so busy being doctors and handling their families that I rarely got to see them. The last time my family was all together was when I started up Rosemary 4 years ago. As for Simon, I've never met his stepfather but I've already met Davis, his biological one. His sister Gina is 2 years younger than he is but she is the sweetest and most mature girl I have ever met. She had brown eyes, but her blond hair matched Simon's, and her smile was almost identical to his. Simon's mom, Sandra, is a funny and calm lady that I easily found myself talking to whenever she was around. Overall, his family is a lot more intimate with me than I am with my own. I wasn't scared about meeting his family, I was terrified of them meeting mine. 

He must've sensed my growing worry because he punched my chest jokingly. "Lets bounce. I don't wanna get caught out here." 

We quickly wiped down and put on our clothes. The sun began to set behind the mountains, but we made it to the town and called up a taxi in no time. 

Once we made it to the hotel, we took a warm shower together. "I'll wash you," I offered to Simon.

"What am I? A little kid?"

"You sure as hell remind me of one," I chuckled.

He rolled his eyes and socked me in the shoulder. "Whatever, but I guess you can."

I ran my hands up and down his warm skin. The shower water was steamy and helped my hands move smoothly along his muscles. He relaxed into my touch and threw his head back onto my shoulders. My soft dick grazed his tight butt as I wrapped my arms around him. I traced his abs and pecs with my hands. His breathing quickened with every inch my hands explored, and soon enough, his boner stood out flat against his stomach. I took it into my hands and slowly began stroking it. "Fuck..." he groaned in response. I spun him over and got on my knees. I grabbed his throbbing meat and throated all of it with ease. I gazed intently into his eyes as he twisted his face and moaned in delight. I played with his balls and ass as I bobbed my head rapidly around his shaft. He grabbed the back of my head and gently began fucking my face. I gagged a little, but I kept going because I was so turned on by his facial expression. "Shit..." he groaned when I tickled his butthole with my finger. He began pumping in and out of my mouth faster; he threw his head back and yelled "I'm cumming Reggie!"

I removed my mouth from his dick and jerked him rapidly. His knees shook and his hips bucked. I felt his cock pulsate in my hand as he released thick ropes of semen onto my face. It would've gotten into my eyes if I hadn't closed them, but I felt it run from my forehead and down my chin. I rubbed some onto my hand and gave it a taste: a little salty and bitter, but delicious. I felt Simon's hands clean his jizz off my face and I stood back up to kiss him.

Once we were all dried up, we spooned snuggly into the bed. It was warm and perfect, the feeling of his skin melting like butter into mine. I kissed the nape of his neck. "I love you, Simon," I confessed. I didn't intend to tell him so suddenly, but it felt so right just saying it. 

Simon hesitated to say anything for a while, but he finally said, "I love you too, Reggie," he turned around to face me, "and I don't think a relationship like this while come around again for me for a long, long time, so I intend to stay with you for as long as possible. Hopefully forever."

I knew Simon was trying to hint at marriage, but we both knew that it wouldn't happen for quite a while. Simon was only 23 and I was only 29. I've only known Simon for a year, but we both knew each other like the backs of our hands. "We will," I answered, "just as long as your ass stays tight," I joked. 

Simon laughed, "then that won't be very long, now will it?"

We began spooning again, and Simon seemed to fall asleep, but I was still awake. I didn't know what would go down a week from now when our families would meet. How were my brothers? How will my mom like Simon? Worst of all, what would my dad say? He never supported any of my decisions, so how will he support my relationship with Simon when he didn't even know about him? I sighed loudly in self-pity and worry, I was getting insomnia from all of my thoughts. "Hey," Simon whispered tugging at my leg, "you OK Reggie?"

"Huh? Oh yeah, I'm fine," I lied, "go back to sleep."

He turned back around to face me again. "No, you're not OK. I felt your heart beating fast against me, and I heard your loud sigh. You're also the first one to sleep, always. You're bothered by something," he inferred. See what I said? We know each other like the back of our hands.

"Fine," I sighed, "I'm just worried about our families and all, particularly mine. I don't even know what's going on with them."

"Honestly Reggie, I'm scared too. I'm actually nervous beyond belief. I feel like my family won't be good enough for yours. Your brothers are famous doctors, your mom is a businesswoman, your dad is a surgeon. What will my family look like? My mom is just a nurse, Gina is going to a mediocre college, Davis works at the cemetary, and my stepdad is a car dealer. There's even a difference between us. You make nearly quadruple of what I will make in a year!" Simon ranted. I knew he was upset, and I laughed to myself in relief because he was just as nervous as I was.

"Alright, but here's the thing," I argued, "I know NOTHING about my family. Some might say that I'm more close to your family then yours. They're fucking distant, Simon. It's such a rare occasion that I see them at all. The only one that knows about my relationship with you is my mom, and you guys haven't even met yet. They'll probably disown me again like they did when I entered culinary school."

We laid in silence for a while. "Damn, we're tense," Simon laughed, "lets just try to enjoy our last night here. We can't let our families bother us when they're not even in the same country as us!"

I kissed him in agreement. "Remember the time you tripped in the art museum because the floor was wet," I mentioned laughing.

I couldn't see his eyes but he probably rolled them. "Shut up," he snapped defensively. 

And just like that, we talked about our adventures in Croatia until 2am, when he fell asleep first. His childish attitude and innocence put my raging worry to rest. I fell asleep to the sounds of his steady breathing and the warmth of his body.

***

"Is that all for today, sir?" I asked my customer, "a large caramel mocha, angel-food cake, and a bagel?"

"Yes, yes. Thank you."

I went back to brew his drink and prepare his food. He was the last customer of the day, and I usually was relaxed around this hour, but I was tense as hell. I couldn't ignore it- my family and Simon's were meeting tomorrow. My stomach was in knots, and my heart gnawed out my chest, I haven't been this anxious since my piano recital 21 years ago.

"Here you go sir, everything is in there! Thanks for coming to Rosemary, come again!" I smiled handing him his bag.

He left shortly after and I threw my apron over my shoulder and sighed. It was a long day today. Rosemary is usually busy on Fridays, and on top of that, I was working with immense anxiety. I brewed myself some hot chocolate and turned off some of the lights. I plopped onto one of the stools and sighed. How will it go down tomorrow? I wondered. 

Countless scenarios played in my head: Simon's stepfather would disapprove of me, or my father would disapprove of Simon, or even worse, our fathers would gang up on us and forbid our relationship. Just as I was about to put myself over the top with worry, Simon knocked on the glass windows. I unlocked them and let him in.

"Woah, what are you still doing in Rosemary, Reggie?" he asked.

"I don't know," I replied, "the decor just calms me down a bit. What are you doing here? How'd you find me?"

"I was actually going to see if you were still open so I could pick up a chicken potpie," he grinned.

"Sure, I'll whip one up," I answered. I sat again in silence.

"Still riled up about tomorrow?" he asked.

"Hell yeah I am, who wouldn't be? What if something bad happens?" I answered.

He took a seat next to me and hugged me with his arm. "You know Reggie, I'm petrified too. I feel like the world will end tomorrow, but I'm trusting in something. You wanna know what it is?" he said.

I looked up and focused intensely into his eyes. "What?"

"I know tomorrow will be just fine because I believe in us. You know the universe works in strange ways, some of it doesn't make sense, but it always makes sense out of love. It stays constant as gravity itself. I know that this will work out because what we have is real, what we have is strong. Even though there's so many things that could go wrong," he gripped my hand, "it won't happen to us as long as our love for each other lives."

What he said hit me hard and tugged at my heartstrings. "You really think so?" I asked.

"I'm assured of it."

I pulled him into a long, long hug. What he said to me hushed all my worries and lifted a weight off my shoulders. "Thank you, I needed that."

He hugged me back and pulled away, "You're welcome. To pay me back, you should make that potpie."

I chuckled, "Yeah, yeah, I'll whip one up."

I went into the kitchen and brought out the basic ingredients. Just as I began to boil the chopped chicken, Simon slapped my ass. I looked at him and laughed. "I don't know if it's me, but I have a feeling this potpie was not the only thing you wanted."

He laughed and pursed his lips. "I'm afraid not," he admitted approaching me slowly, lust clouding his eyes.

"Up-up-up!" I said putting my hand between us and stopping him. I pointed at the security cameras at the corners of the kitchen. I kept them there to make sure no one stole any food. 

He looked at me and demanded that I turn them off. Once I did, we continued where we had left off. He caressed my bottom lip with his mouth as I rubbed his ass with both of my hands. I removed all the food off the surface of the island and threw him onto there. I went on pounced on top of him as I removed my jacket and dry-humped him. Our boners were raging under our jeans, and I was just dying to whip it out, but I wanted to torture him.

We slowly stripped down to our boxers and remained kissing on the counter. I gripped his cock hardly through his underwear and he kicked up in surprise. A hanging pot fell down and startled the both of us. He began to laugh. "Lets try not to kick a lot, we might hit our heads," he said.

I laughed in agreement as I continued to kiss and hump him in our boxers. He looked so exposed and sexy on the counter, and both our boxers were soaked from our leaking dicks. I quickly removed his and my own and flipped over to position ourselves into a 69. He wiggled under my touch as I jerked and tounged his meat. I gentlt began to fuck his face, and I immediately was turned a on by his heavy, struggling breathing.

I leaped off the island to grab butter out of the refrigerator. His eyes grew wide and he grinned, "Seriously, no lube?"

I laughed. "Do you want me to fuck you or not?"

"Hmm... I guess it'll do."

I took a wad of butter onto my hand and slicked my dick well. Simon gazed at it in utter admiration. I fingered his ass and helped him adjust onto his back. I placed his legs on my shoulders and slowly entered his asshole. We both moaned in unison. "Fuck... that is tight!" I groaned. I slowly began to pump my hips as Simon gripped the sides of the counter tightly.

"Shit!" he exclaimed as he wrapped his legs around my hips. He slapped my chest hardly as I began to fuck him faster.

He pulled me closer to kiss him, and the smell of his sweat, deodorant, and colon was so intoxicating, that I wish I could've bottled it and sprayed it on myself everyday. We shoved our tongues into each others mouths as I continually fucked him. He yelped in pleasure as I hit his prostate repeatedly.

I let go of him and climbed on top of the counter. We barely had space, but I fucked him while squatting. I was careful enough that I didn't hit the pots and pans hanging over my head.

'Shit! Fuck! God!' was all Simon could manage to get out under the heavy dicking I was giving him. I looked at his beautiful body writhing and sweaty. I looked at his beautiful O-face, concentrated with pleasure and pain. It was all too much for me, his body was too much for me. 

I shoved his body deeper into my pelvis as I screamed loudly. "Jesus Christ!" I yelled, deeply releasing my semen into his gut. He grabbed my ass cheeks harder as he forced me to continue to fuck him. 

He closed his eyes and a erotic moan escaped his mouth. His cock twitched and throbbed as he released a thick, white rope onto his body. He jumped as I touched his dick and removed myself from him. "God, that was the hottest thing I've ever seen," I told Simon. I handed him a paper towel and helped him wash and wipe down. "Still need that chicken potpie?"

He laughed and hit my shoulder, "No, no, I'm not hungry anymore."

After we finished, I closed up the cafe. It was around 10:30pm but I was extremely tired. I gave Simon a quick kiss as he made his way back to his car. "See you tomorrow," I said.

"See you. Don't forget to dress nice! We'll be eating some place good."

I watched him until he left, and I got into my own car. I quickly drove home because I knew I needed to get a lot of sleep if I wanted to be at my best tomorrow. 
