 After returning from an overseas tour, while in the military, I was horny as usual; I went downtown and wandered around for awhile, before spotting an 'adult movie theater.' I bought my ticket and went inside, then stood in the back for a few moments to let my eyes get accustomed to the darkness; the sunlight outside had been quite bright, but as my eyes began to focus, I could now distinguish what was going on around me.

Off to my left, I saw an elderly man, about 60, and he had his cock in hand as he masturbated--while keeping his eyes glued to the screen; the scene he was watching was of a beautiful girl being double-penetrated by two, well-hung studs. She was sandwiched between the two of them, and one guy lay under her--his giant cock buried inside her ass; the other was on top, fucking her pussy with long, vigorous strokes. My own cock was now beginning to stiffen, and the old man was starting to groan, as he spewed his cum into a handkerchief.

About one-fourth of the way down the right side of the theater, a guy and his girlfriend were obviously fucking; she was sitting on his lap, her skirt up around her waist, and he was strongly lifting then forcing her down onto his stiff organ. She had her head thrown back, and was trying to stifle her cries of pleasure, as he pummeled her cunt. Seeing this made my cock rise to full staff--aching for release from my tight trousers.

I didn't notice it at first, but off to my right, two young guys were together, and, while one watched the movie, the other knelt between his legs and sucked his big cock; he was obviously doing a good job of it, because the recipient of the blow job placed both hands on the back of his partner's head, and encouraged him further. Soon he groaned aloud (no one was the wiser, though, because of the moaning and groaning on the screen), and tightly held his lover's face to his groin--as he pumped his seed down his friend's throat. Finished, the one on the floor got up and sat next to him; they immediately shared a deep kiss, and, although I couldn't be sure, I think they also shared the load of sperm.

There was other activity going on, but the viewers were scattered in one's and two's, throughout the theater. Finally, my eyes came to rest on two men who were also standing at the back of the theater; I hadn't noticed them earlier, but one was leaning over the row of seats in front of him. Although he had jeans on, I could readily tell that the man standing behind him was slowly, but surely fucking his ass! Trying not to be too obvious, I moved a little closer--they were too busy to notice, but I finally figured out that the one being fucked had his jeans on backward; this allowed his 'friend' to unbutton them, then slip his huge dick into his ass hole. And when I say huge, I mean 'huge!' It looked to be about 10" long, and near big around as a coke bottle! Each time he sank his weapon inside his lover, the guy grunted with the impact; I couldn't take my eyes off them, and even stuck my hand down my trousers to massage my stiff dick, as I watched them.

Not able to take it any longer, I went to the men's toilet to relieve myself--afraid that I might ejaculate in my pants, if I didn't do something quick. I went inside a stall, pulled my cock out began to vigorously jerk-off; all of a sudden I heard, "Pssssst.!" I looked over to the right and saw a hole in the wall; immediately, a tongue poked through, and I realized this was one of the "glory holes," that I'd heard about. I approached it, and inserted my erect organ through to the other side; instantly, a hand grasped me and lips encircled my cock head. This guy seemed to be a real pro at cock-sucking, and, in no time he was deep-throating my 8-inch cock; I'd been so aroused by what I'd seen in the theater, that it only took about 3 minutes, before I flooded the guys throat with my semen. He greedily swallowed every drop, then licked my organ clean--before patting the head, to let me know he was done; he then inserted a note through the hole, and I took it from him.

I left the bathroom and exited the theater; when I got back to the barracks, I pulled out the note and read it. It said, "My name is Brad, and I noticed you at the back of the theater. If you'd like to meet up again, come back to the theater for the 1 o'clock show, on Saturday. And if you're up for it, wear Levi 501's--backwards, and stand at the back of the theater again." "Wow," I thought--"this guy couldn't be more obvious; he wants to fuck my ass!" Not too surprisingly, I immediately made up my mind to do it; after all, I was a bisexual. Sex with guys was something I had enjoyed, ever since an intimate relationship with an older man for a year--before I left to go overseas. He had taught me how two guys could pleasure one another.

On Saturday, dressed in my "501 jeans" and no underwear, I entered the theater; I was a little excited, as the film began, and my cock even began to stir in my trousers--at the thought of what was going to happen. Five minutes into the movie, I sensed someone approaching me from behind; fingers began to unbutton my jeans, as a man leaned over my shoulder and whispered, "Hi, I'm Brad and I've got a big cock just begging to get inside your tight ass; with that, he gently encouraged me to lean over the rear of the seats in front of me, and inserted the nozzle of a tube of lubricant into the brown, puckered entrance of my asshole. He generously squeezed a large amount inside, then removed it; instantly, he moved in behind me and eased his cock head inside my tight opening; ever-so-slowly, he began to slide his gigantic prick inside me. I moaned at the size of him, thinking "Damn, it feels like he sticking a baseball bat up my ass!" 

It took a lot of effort, on my part, to open myself up to such a large organ . . . . but finally, my sphincter relaxed enough to let him penetrate me fully; his giant balls were now firmly pressed against my buttocks. Brad stuck his hand down the front of my pants and grasped my erect cock--rubbing it slowly, as he gently began to fuck me. The pain which I felt, a moment before, quickly subsided--and was replaced by the joy and pleasure of being totally filled by him; I tightened my sphincter repeatedly around his girth, causing him to groan. After about ten, steady minutes of deep fucking, he leaned over and said, "I can't hold back any longer, I'm going to shoot my load deep inside your ass;" seconds later, his breathing became labored and he pumped jet-after-jet of hot cum, deep into my bowels. I couldn't believe it, as he continued to flood my rectum with his semen; it felt like someone had turned a hose on, inside my ass. I was on the verge of coming, as well, and Bruce knew it--he immediately tightened his grip on my prick, squeezing it firmly until the urge passed.

Finished, he slowly withdrew his still semi-hard dick, and immediately stuck a tissue inside my asshole--which had begun to leak his sperm. He then took my hand, and led me to the bathroom, instructing me to sit on the toilet and relieve myself of his load; his seed immediately came out, 'plopping' into the water beneath me, and splashing my ass. I couldn't help but laugh, and told him, "Do you know how many babies you could have made, with that load?" He chuckled and said, "Never gonna' happen . . . . I'm only into guys, pardon my pun!" After we'd both cleaned ourselves up, he said, "Let's go to my car . . . . we still have to do something about that load of yours;" his car turned out to be a van with tinted windows, and, once inside, we both undressed completely. After sucking my cock for a few moments, Brad lubricated his asshole and knelt before me; in a matter of seconds, I was totally imbedded deep inside his rectum, and began fucking him with long, deep strokes. 

Before I could orgasm, he said, "Wait--let me turn over, so I can see your face when you cum inside me; with that he turned onto his back and I reentered him. He wrapped his long legs around my hips, and, as I closed my eyes and began vigorously fucking him again, he pulled my face down to his and kissed me, deeply--sticking his tongue in my mouth. I moaned, and he released my lips to watch me, as I went over the edge--my cock throbbing and bucking inside him, as I flooded his bowels with my hot semen. When I'd finished ejaculating, I pulled my wet organ free of his rectum; he immediately wrapped his lips around my cock and licked me clean. We then went to his apartment, where we remained for the rest of the weekend . . . . fucking and sucking repeatedly, until neither of us had any juices left. From then on, we were inseparable, and a week later I moved out of the barracks to live with him; now, 32 years later, we are still together . . . . and just as much in love as ever! 

Tbone66, April '12