 EXTRA CREDIT

Robert and Brandon, better known as Robbie and Brandy, had just showered after tennis practice. Two of their teammates, Benji and Chris were still in the shower having sex. Benji faced the shower wall as Chris drove his cock into the sweet ass of his teammate. In the locker room seated naked on the bench were two other teammates, Christian and Kyle. They were kissing and stroking the others cock. If Robbie and Brandy did not have an appointment with Professor Winters then they would have stayed and engaged in sex as well.

They got dressed in their school uniform and left the locker room. On the way passed the coach's office they saw two more teammates, Artie and Devin with Coach Andrews. They were all naked and Artie was sucking Devin's cock as he was fucked from behind by Coach Andrews. The two 19-year-olds left the gym and headed toward the main building. It was forbidden to wear anything but the school uniform in the buildings on campus. Once inside they headed for Professor Winters' classroom.

"Are you ready for his big cock Brandy?"

"I hope so, I had that butt plug in my ass all day."

"Even during tennis practice?"

"No, just during classes. I feel pretty well stretched but he is so damn thick."

"I don't know how you do it but I love watching you get fucked with that big cock."

"Once I'm stretched out, it goes okay but I still need him to take it slow."

"I'm always amazed how you stay hard while he fucks you."

"Well you are always hard when I fuck you."

"Yeah but that's different. Your cock is manageable. I could not imagine that big cock in my ass."

"Maybe someday you will."

"I doubt that."

"Well, here we are. Get ready for hot action."

Frank Winters smiled when he saw the two pretty gay boys enter his classroom. His cock stirred immediately when he pictured Brandy on all fours with his lovely ass skewered by the super-sized cock. However, before he fucked the pretty Brandy, there would be foreplay with the two sweeties.

"Hello boys, I'm glad that you could make the extra credit session today. Now you know the drill. You can undress and hang your clothes up over there."

The two gay cuties undressed and hung up the uniforms and folded the underwear and socks on their shoes. Frank Winters also undressed and his cock was semi-hard when he removed his briefs. The boys stared at the thick meat as they always did each time they saw it. Even semi-erect it was bigger than any cock they had ever seen or sucked.

"Come over here now and get me ready for Brandy's ass."

The two students, both sporting erections, dropped to their knees on either side of the professor. They simultaneously licked up and down the stiff shaft. Robbie took the head and a couple of inches in his mouth as Brandy sucked on the teacher's testicles. Then they would switch and Brandy got to taste the cock that would soon be in his bottom. The foreplay continued for at least 20 minutes and all three of them had raging erections.

"Did you prepare your ass for me today?"

"Oh yes professor, I douched this morning and then Robbie douched my ass after tennis practice."

"Good now sit on me facing Robbie."

Brandy sat on the professor's chest facing the big cock and Robbie who was also sporting an erection. Frank began rimming the lovely blonde's ass as Brandy sucked on the big cock. Brandy also held Robbie's stiff dick in his hand and masturbated him. Frank liked rimming sweet asses as long as they were squeaky clean as Brandy's. The douche he had used was fragrant and pleasant to the taste. After several minutes of rimming and having his cock sucked, Frank was ready to fuck the pretty blonde gay student. 

Placing Brandy on all fours, Frank eased his big thick cock into the lovely ass. He only put in the head and a couple of inches as he usually did starting out. He knew it would take a while before Brandy loosened up. At the same time, Brandy held Robbie's cock securely in his hand and slowly masturbated him. He had the look of caution and bewilderment on his face as the big cock penetrated him further. It wasn't until he had Frank's cock buried in his ass that he was able to blow his fellow student.

Frank was gentle as always but also determined to bury his entire cock in the curvy bottom. Brandy was receptive to the full penetration but as before, it took a few minutes. Once he felt Frank's balls bouncing off his own, he knew that the big cock had hit home. Now that he was comfortable with the huge cock in his ass, he began to suck Robbie's cock. The one thing that always amazed Frank was that Brandy's cock stayed hard the entire time.

Robbie was the first to cum and he shot streams of semen into the air that landed and puddled on his abs. Then it was Frank who came flooding Brandy's passage with a massive load. Robbie had moved around and taken Brandy's cock in his mouth. He was soon rewarded with the taste of his classmate's cum. The three of them separated and chilled out after their massive ejaculations.

"You boys are definitely on the way to A's in my class. That is if you continue to seek extra credit."

INTRODUCTION

Lexius Academy is an all-male college with a high tuition and a significant endowment. If you have to ask how much it costs, don't bother to apply. The faculty is among the finest and well-paid in the country. The students are from wealthy families and the majority of them are gay or bisexual. Most of the bisexuals became so after attending the college.

One such student, Brandy Collins was sent to the private school because of his gay orientation. At least his mother and father felt it was the best thing for him. At 18 years of age, Brandy had come out and he was very promiscuous which proved embarrassing for his high society parents. The night his parents informed him of the private college, he laughed and lashed out at them.

"Are you serious? You want me to attend an all-male college. I bet you there is more butt fucking going on there than in all of Whispers."

Whispers was a gay nightclub that had more than dancing and drinking. The second floor was a whole other world where everything took place. There was oral sex, anal sex, gay group sex and other actions. Brandy had been a frequent visitor to Whispers after he had been introduced to it by a gay friend named Mitch. Even though Brandy was underaged at 18, his good looks got him in the club.

Brandy accepted his fate to attend the all-male college. The school had an excellent reputation and 90% job placement following graduation. Brandy had played tennis in high school and he was pleased that there was a tennis team at the college. Lexius also had a swim team, track team and equestrian team. The school obviously shied away from contact sports. 

Upon his arrival, Brandy was paired up with Robbie as his roommate. It didn't take but minutes to discover that they were both gay. It helped that they were both good looking young men and enjoyed the other's body. They became lovers within the week and agreed to seek out other gays on campus. One day after tennis practice they spied on a teammate and the coach. Artie was getting his ass drilled by Coach Andrews. It shocked the two voyeurs as the coach had a very hot looking wife.

That weekend they would invite Artie to their room. He liked Brandy and Robbie and loved getting fucked and sucking their cocks. Afterward, he was a wealth of information describing who was gay and who was bisexual at the college.

Brandon was a very pretty blonde effeminate gay who stood at 5'7" and weighed a trim 155 pounds. He had an average size cock of about 6" and an ass to die for. Robbie had light brown hair and he too stood at 5'7" and around 150 pounds. The young men filled out their khaki slacks and their bubble butts were very obvious. Both of them were subject to frequent ass grabbing by fellow students.

Artie looked like a little pixie. He was 5'4" tall and weighed under 100 pounds. He too had a nice ass and most would say that his ass was half of his body. Coach Andrews loved to fuck Artie in the ass as it was the shapeliest of all the asses he had been fucking including his wife's. In time, Brandy and Robbie got to know that ass very well.

Professor Winters was also married to a very attractive woman. His wife Debbie loved his big cock filling her pussy. However, she had never and would never take that monster in her ass. Even oral sex was more of a chore for her but she loved having that thick dick in her pussy. Her firm stand on anal sex is what drove Frank to the students. He loved anal sex and if he had a cute ass to skewer, male or female, he was all for it. 

SEX AFTER TENNIS

Brandy's first encounter with some bi-students happened one day after tennis practice. Robbie had a meeting with the guidance counselor so he had skipped practice. Brandy had stayed on the courts to practice his serve and he was the last to shower or so he thought.

"Brandy, haven't you showered yet? Come on and join us," Carl, one of the seniors, offered.

Brandy recalled his excitement over the offer to join them in the shower. He had not showered and he certainly could use one. What Brandy had not known was the whole thing was planned by Carl and Jack as they had purposely waited for him. He also did not know that they fucked other players on a regular basis.

Brandy stripped off his tennis clothes and walked into the shower when he saw the firm hard bodies of Jack and Carl he felt a surge in his loins. Brandy was a little embarrassed as his cock hardened slightly into a semi-erect state. Brandy stepped under the water and turned his back to them. The next thing he felt a set of hands on his back and he froze.

Carl said, "Here I'll wash your back for you," then he ran his soapy hands over Brandy's shoulders and back.

Brandy was then doomed as his cock sprung into a fully erect state. He stood rigid as the hands passed over his shoulders and worked their way down his back. When Carl touched him just above his buttocks, Brandy trembled and moaned slightly. Carl cupped the ass cheeks and then moved his hands around the smooth skinned effeminate body. Brandy could feel the erect cock pressing into his ass as Carl reached around and cupped Brandy's balls with one hand and his cock with the other.

"Would you like me to fuck you Brandy?" Carl had asked.

Brandy just nodded in the affirmative and Carl pushed him over slightly. He ran his soapy fingers in and out of the lovely ass and then he placed his soapy cock at the entrance. Carl pushed while holding on the Brandy's hips and the cock slid in easily. Brandy loved the feeling of a warm cock sliding in and out of his ass. By then Jack had joined them and he offered his cock up for Brandy's mouth. Brandy eagerly swallowed the impressive cock. The two tennis players fucked his ass and his face until they came. Jack filled Brandy's mouth with his cum just as Carl came in Brandy's ass. 

They next took Brandy into the training room where they had him get on the training table on all fours. This time Jack fucked Brandy's ass and Brandy sucked Carl's cock until they both came again. Brandy was rolled over on his back with his legs dangling off the training table. Carl then pushed Brandy's legs up and slipped his cock back into receptive ass. He fucked the cute blonde with Brandy's legs resting on his shoulders. Brandy turned his head to one side at Jack's urging and took the cock back in his mouth. Carl surprised Brandy when he reached over and grabbed Brandy's throbbing erect cock. He jerked him off as he fucked him and Brandy shot two loads all over his own body before Jack and Carl came again.

The three of them headed back into the shower to clean up and this time they did just that. After the shower, they all dressed and left the locker room. Jack and Carl promised that they would fuck Brandy some more as long as he didn't blab about it. Brandy had promised to keep it their secret. On the way back to his dorm, Brandy thought about the impromptu sex. He liked the guys and they had nice cocks. He was pleased that Carl had masturbated him although he would have preferred a blow job. He arrived at his dorm room and Robbie was waiting for him. 

"You took a long time after practice."

"I couldn't help it. I ran into Carl and Jack."

"Did they fuck you?"

"Yes, you knew that?"

"They fuck all the gay players. They're not gay though. They both have girlfriends who visit occasionally on weekends."

"If they have girlfriends, why do they fuck us?"

"They get horny, we have nice asses and it's convenient. Did you like getting fucked by them?"

"I did. They are studs with nice cocks. They are good guys too."

"I agree, I like them too."

"Carl jerked me off but I wish it had been more."

"Let's grab dinner before the dining room closes. We can have some fun after we eat."

MEETING THE TRAINER

Brent Michaels was the school's athletic trainer for all the sports. He loved his job as he got all the young cock he could ever want. He loved sucking their vibrant cocks and having them suck his too. He was particularly fond of fucking their shapely asses and wasn't averse to taking a cock in his ass as well. Brent was a handsome young man of 26 years, 5'9" and a trim 150 pounds. His hair was a mix of blonde and brown that he wore long over his ears and neck. 

That particular day he was visited by one of the tennis players Devin who was a real cutie with a nice 6" cock. Devin had strained a stomach muscles and Coach Andrews sent him to the trainer. Devin had heard stories about Brent but he didn't believe most of them. Now he was standing at the office door and he was almost too nervous to enter. Just then the door opened and Devin was standing face to face with the trainer.

Devin could not help himself and he looked down at the trainer's crotch, a gesture that Brent picked up on. "What can I do for you today Devin?"

"I have this pain in my stomach." 

"I see well why don't you come in and we will have a look at you." 

Brent smiled to himself as he was familiar with the routine. Many a boy had come to him complaining about stomach pain or groin pain. The shyest ones always said stomach pain. Brent would examine them and observe him as a cock became erect almost immediately. He would then tease them unmercifully touching them around their privates. Some of them would ejaculate quickly before Brent even touched their cocks. The more disciplined ones would need a hand job or a blow job before they came. Brent loved the first time with each boy and they always came back for more.

"Hop up on the exam table," Brent instructed.

Brent stood up and walked over to the exam table. He tested Devin's reflexes with the small hammer. Brent walked around the table checking Devin's ears, eyes and mouth. Then he had the student lay back on the exam table as he pulled out the leg extension. Devin was very nervous now and he was breathing rapidly as Brent prepared to examine his stomach. He began pressing around his abdomen and asking if he felt any pain. Devin kept shaking his head no as he was unable to speak.

"Maybe it's not your stomach. Let's see if you have any swelling."

Brent then unfastened the tennis shorts and unzipped his fly. He pulled the shorts down below his waist about halfway to his knees. Devin turned beet red when his shorts were lowered and he felt very exposed even though he still had his jock on. It was strange for Devin to be nervous as he was very active with the other gay players and Coach Andrews. It must have been because it was his first time with the trainer who was so damn gorgeous. Brent pressed around Devin's abdomen dangerously close to his cock which was getting stiffer by the second. Brent smiled when he saw the erection form in the jock. Devin groaned slightly when the back of Brent's hand brushed against his stiff cock.

"Did that hurt?"

"No," Devin stammered.

"I still don't feel anything strange. I better have a better look for skin discoloration."

Brent took a hold of the waistband of the jock and pulled it down his body. He told him to lift his hips when he lowered them. Brent made sure that the cock got snagged in the elastic waistband as he pulled it down his legs. He shivered with excitement slightly as the cock got caught and then released from the briefs slapping against Devin's abdomen. Brent started at the young hard cock that looked to be about 6" long. Brent had seen cocks of all sizes in his lifetime and he could quickly assess the size of them. Devin's cock was beautiful just like so many of the other students who had been on the exam table.

"Well I think that we have found the problem. It appears that your penis is swollen and needs to be relieved of its pressure."

Brent took the erect cock in her hand and stroked it gently. Devin clenched his fists tightly. It only took a few strokes before Devin shot his load all over his stomach. Brent watched as the lovely cock spurted and fired several discharges into the air. He held the cock straight up so that Devin's semen would not land on his tennis shorts. Devin gasped, moaned and groaned and his body shook as he ejaculated. Brent stroked him until his balls were empty and his cock stopped spurting. 

Devin lay still in a euphoric state as Brent went about wiping his body clean of all his semen. Brent used paper towels and moisture wipes to cleanse Devin's body. Brent knew that the student could cum several more times but he wanted to fuck him and then blow him. 

Just then, Brandy stuck his head in the office. He smiled when he saw Devin partially naked and he guessed what had happened. 

"Brent, Coach Andrews need you in his office."

"Tell him, I will be right there."

"Devin that should take care of your problem for now. Come back and see me and we'll have some more fun another time." 

Devin got dressed and left the office and Brent made his way to see Coach Andrews. He somewhat knew why he was summoned and it usually meant a threesome in the coach's office. When he arrived at the office the door was closed so he knocked softly.

"Come in, it's open."

Brent entered the office and his suspicions were confirmed. Artie was bent over taking the coaches cock in his ass. He stepped in the room, closed and locked the door and then dropped his pants and underwear to his knees. He brought his cock to Artie's sweet mouth and the student immediately gobbled it up. Brent looked at Artie's lovey bottom and he absolutely had the perfect ass for butt fucking. Bill Andrews had both hands on the boy's shapely bottom as he drilled the curvy ass.

"Do you want to fuck him too, Brent?"

"Definitely."

Hearing that, Bill Andrews pulled out and ejaculated all over the lovely bottom. Brent watched as the coach shot a good size load on the smooth skin. Bill moved away and Brent quickly took his place. He eased his dick into the loosened passage and fucked the boy hard and fast. His thighs slapped against the curvy buttocks causing them to jiggle. It was a very erotic sight to see they perfect ass cheeks jiggle with each thrust. 

"Bill, are you going to fuck him again? If not, I'm going to cum in his ass." 

"I'm done, thanks. Feel free to cum in him." 

Artie had been jerking his cock all along and he was close to cumming. When he felt Brent's seed rush into his ass that triggered his release. He ejaculated shooting his load onto the floor as his rectum was flooded with a massive load. Brent left his cock in Artie's ass until it softened and slipped out. Semen trickled out of the dilated anus and ran down over Artie's testicles and inner thighs. 

"Artie, please clean up in here. Brent and I have some business to take care of."

The two men left the coach's office after they had re-dressed. Artie took a couple of towels and wiped the semen from his body. Next, he wiped up his own load off the floor. He pulled up his jock and tennis shorts before leaving the office and deposited the soiled towels in the locker room bin. He undressed and headed for the shower.
