 SHARING STORIES

Brandy and Robbie were cuddled together in Brandy's bed on Saturday morning. They had had a successful start to the tennis season on Friday. The team won all five matches defeating the other school 5-0. Carl the number one singles handily won his match 6-2, 6-2. Jack the number two singles won 6-4, 6-3 and Kyle won his match 5-7, 6-4, 6-1. The number one doubles team of Benji and Christian won easily 6-1, 6-0. The number two doubles team sat of Artie and Devin sat out their match as Coach Andrews decided to play Brandy and Robbie since the contest was already won and he wanted them to get more experience. They also won 6-4, 6-4.

The two pretty freshmen had just had sex in a 69 position cumming in each other's mouth. Now they were lying together, cuddling. Kissing and stroking the other's cock. They would have more sex but first Robbie posed a question.

"Brandy, what was your first time like? When did you know that you were gay for sure?"

"I guess I always knew I was gay. I never really paid much attention to girls. I had recently turned 18 when my neighbor's son Mitch introduced me to gay sex. He was 21 years old and very handsome. He was the last person I ever suspected would be gay. Anyway, he invited me over to go swimming at his house and his parents were gone for the day."

"Did it happen by the pool?"

"No, in his room. It got really hot so we took showers and hung out in the house mid-day. He invited me to his room and asked if I had watched porn. I hadn't and he told to relax in his bed. We sat up in his bed and he played this porn movie. I expected it to be straight sex but it was gay porn. All the guys were gorgeous and fairly well hung. There were twosomes, threesomes and foursomes. I had never seen anything like it and I was hard in no time."

"Then what happened?"

"He pushed his shorts down and began stroking his cock."

"Was he big?"

"Bigger than you and me, probably about seven inches and meatier than us. He told me to take my cock out. I pushed my shorts down and began masturbating next to him. I wanted to hold his cock but I was afraid. He took my hand and placed it on his dick and it was the first time I ever held a cock other than mine in my hand. It felt wonderful and I loved jerking him off. He surprised me when he took a hold of my cock and stroked it. I was so hot I thought I would cum immediately."

"Is that all you did?"

"Oh my God, no, he told me to give him head. I was still nervous but I did want to taste him. I took him in my mouth and he coached me through my first cock sucking experience. He came in my mouth and it shocked me but I swallowed as much as I could. Then he really surprised me when he gave me head and let me cum in his mouth."

"Oh, wow that it so hot."

"There's more, he told me that he wanted to ball me. I was scared and sure that it would hurt if he fucked me. I was in for another surprise though. He took me in the bathroom and douched my ass. We went back to bed and he had me kneel down with my head on the mattress. He then lubricated my bottom and fingered it for several minutes. I liked the feeling of his finger in my ass. Then he shocked me when he tongued my anus."

"Are you serious, he rimmed you?"

"Yes, and I thought I would cum again. It was so sensual and erotic. After several minutes of rimming he got these anal beads out and pushed them in my ass. He began stroking my cock again and when I was close to cumming he pulled the beads out slowly. I swear that I ejaculated with a force that I didn't know was possible. As each bead popped out it seemed that I shot a stream of semen out of my cock."

"Did he ever fuck you that day?"

"Oh yeah, as I was in seventh heaven relishing that incredible orgasm, I felt something at my anus again. Then I realized he was pushing his dick into me. It hurt initially but I soon adjusted to his thickness and I loved having him in me. I'm sure that the beads helped stretch me some and I was able to relax with him in me. He caressed by buns lovingly and kept telling me what a beautiful ass I had. He told me how good I looked with his cock in my ass. Suddenly, I felt the surge as he came in me and flooded my rectum."

"Did he let you fuck him?"

"Yes, and it was wonderful. I knew that day that I was gay for sure and I wanted to have more sex with Mitch. We both came three times that afternoon. Later Mitch washed his bed sheets and remade the bed. Then we went back to the pool as evening approached. He served me beer and we were sitting by the pool when his parents arrived home. To them it was just two guys having a beer poolside."

"What about other guys? Did you ever do it with anyone else?"

"Oh my God, yes, that's why my parents sent me to school here. Mitch took me to this gay club called Whispers. He knew the bouncer and I got in even though I was only 18. The first floor looked like a normal gay bar with some game tables and a dance floor. I soon learned about the second floor. Mitch took me upstairs and showed me around. There was more fucking and sucking going on than one would have ever imagined."

"Right there in the club?"

"Yes, it was a blatant display of gay sex. Most everyone was naked or just partially clothed. There was a room with cubicles with guys could pair off with some privacy. There was a lounge with gay porn showing on the screen. Some guys were kissing and engaged in oral sex. Another room had military surplus bunks. It was wild to see guys in both the top and bottom bunks naked and fucking. Then there was the orgy room. It had wall to wall mats and everyone was completely naked having sex."

"Did you have sex there too?"

"Yes, the first couple of times just with Mitch but then he introduced me to other gays. We had group sex with other good-looking gays and I loved it. Some of the guys invited me to parties and I went to some without Mitch. I was really into my gay lifestyle when my parents intervened."

"Well, I'm glad they did. That was really hot listening to your story."

"How about you, Robbie? What your beginning like?"

"I was also 18 when I had my first gay experience. I was at a tennis camp and I got nailed by the counselors. They were both gay and enjoyed seducing boys who they suspected might be gay. Like you, I had never shown an interest in girls. At camp, we stayed in dormitory like rooms. The guy I was with had brought some porn magazines with him and I knew he was jerking off looking at the pictures. He always had his back to me but I knew he was masturbating."

"Did you make it with him?"

"No, when he was asleep, I took one of the magazines and went to the bathroom. I looked at the photos but I was checking out the guy's cocks not the naked women. I stroked my cock looking at the naked guys imagining that it was me and not some slut sucking cock. For some reason, I looked up and saw Chet the one counselor standing there."

"Shit, what happened."

"I thought I was in big trouble but then he smiled at me and took his big cock out of his sleep shorts. He told me to suck it and as if I was in a trance I did. He coached me through my first oral experience telling me how to suck his dick, to rub his balls and tickle his perineum. I really got into it and I loved sucking him. He came in my mouth but it wasn't a big load. I learned later that he and the other counselor Connor were both gay and that they had sex before Chet made the rounds."

"Did you do anal at camp?"

"Oh my God, did I ever. They were thrilled that I was a virgin and they were the first to fuck me. Each night I was to report to their quarters and we had threesomes every night with all of us cumming at least twice and sometimes three times. I was fucked while sucking cock and then we switched positions. I was thrilled to get my cock sucked and be able to fuck the counselors. It was an incredible four weeks at camp."

"I bet. Your story was pretty hot too. I have a woody."

"Save it for later, let's go get something to eat before they close up." 

POST BREAKFAST SEX

After breakfast, they returned to their dorm room and Brandy stripped naked, carefully hanging up his clothes. Robbie smiled and followed suit staring at his roommate's incredible ass the entire time. Brandy looked at Robbie and spotted the lovely erect cock. Brandy lay down face down in his bed.

"A bit horny are we this morning?"

"It's your fault for having such a beautiful ass."

"The lube is on my desk."

Robbie spotted the container on the desk and retrieved it. Sitting down on the bed, he began to lubricate his lover's super fine ass. He probed with one finger and quickly added a second. Once his fingers were moving easily in and out, he removed them and lubricated his stiff cock. Next, he straddled Brandy who was lying on his belly. Robbie eased his cock into the receptive ass and began to fuck his lover slowly. 

"Oh yes, that feels good, fuck me."

Robbie picked up the pace and both teens were a bit vocal and were heard by Carl, who had come over to check on them. Since it was Saturday morning and so quiet, Carl barely heard them in the room. He pressed his ear to the door and then determined that they were having sex. He opened the door and peeked inside. He saw the two lovers in bed and entered the room. They were so occupied with fucking that they never heard him enter the room. The two lovers were expecting Devin so they had never locked their door.

Carl fished his cock and balls out of his pants and stroked himself to hardness. He then moved around toward the naked teens and they were surprised but pleased to see him in their room. They knew that Carl was not gay but that he liked to get blow jobs and fuck cute gay students. 

"Looks like you two could use some company."

Brandy tentatively reached for Carl's ominous looking cock. He held the long thick cock in his hand briefly before he finally licked the head with his tongue. He still couldn't believe the girth on Carl's cock as he could not wrap his hand all the way around it and it was difficult that he could take it in his ass. Brandy opened his mouth and took the head into his mouth and he felt his jaw strain to accommodate the size. He only took about four inches of nearly eight inches into his mouth and began to suck on it. Robbie resumed fucking his roommate who sucked on the big dick. The act had the three of them turned on and it didn't take long for Robbie to cum and fill his lover's ass with another massive load.

Carl loved the blow job he was getting as it was as good as anybody had given him. Even though Brandy was still adjusting to Carl's size he did a good job sucking cock. It had been a few days since Carl had had sex so even when he came, he flooded the teen's mouth. Brandy was taken back by the force and amount of cum that shot into his mouth. He had to pull off the spurting cock to keep from gagging and the remainder of the ejaculation splashed off of his forehead and face. Robbie emptied his balls into Brandy's ass as he watched the massive load hit his roommate's face. Brandy wiped cum off his face and licked his fingers clean.

"Robbie, I need to cum, give me your ass," Brandy gasped.

Robbie moved into position to be fucked and Brandy got the lube and prepared the lovely ass. As he was fingering Robbie's shapely ass, Carl decided that he would fuck Brandy. He stripped naked, took the lube and fingered Brandy's ass. Brandy slipped his cock into Robbie's ass and began fucking him while Carl continued to finger fuck Brandy. He actually liked the anal penetration as he fucked his roomie. Satisfied that Brandy's ass was well lubed he applied a generous amount of lube to his own cock. Carl moved in behind the pretty gay and pushed his cock into the snug ass. Brandy reminded Carl to go slow and not too deep.

Although gentle, Carl eased more of his cock into the curvy ass. He was considerate though relentless in his quest to fuck Brandy. He would push in a little and stop allowing Brandy to adjust along the way. It was a repeat of the time that he and Jack had shared the pretty gay. Finally, he began a rocking motion and began fucking him slowly. Brandy's ass had stretched enough now that he was comfortable with the larger cock in him and he resumed fucking Robbie. As Brandy picked up the pace fucking Robbie in the ass he was pushing his own ass back onto the big cock. Carl stopped moving as he didn't need to while Brandy was fucking Robbie. 

Brandy would bury his cock in Robbie and in the process his ass would slide along Carl's cock. When he withdrew slightly from Robbie's ass he impaled his ass on the big cock. Carl inched closer and closer as Brandy seemed to be able to take more and more of his cock. Once he felt the skin against his buttocks and he realized that Carl was all the way in his ass. Brandy was pleased that he had taken all of the big thick cock. He was proud of himself now and he picked up the pace fucking his roomie and impaling himself on the throbbing member.

Carl came first and when he did, Brandy felt cum shoot into his ass. His buttocks tightened as he plunged his cock all the way into Robbie's ass and unleashed his second load of the day. He flooded Robbie's rectum with an enormous load, one of the largest he could remember. As his sphincter clenched and unclenched as he came in Robbie's ass, he in turn milked every drop of cum from the pulsating cock. Carl caressed Brandy's shapely ass as he let his cock be milked dry. He liked looking at the pretty tennis players with their lily-white asses. 

The three of them had fucked and sucked until they were drained and exhausted. Carl couldn't cum anymore so he got out of bed, dressed and left the room. Carl passed Devin in the hallway as who was making to his friend's room. 

"Hello Devin, I got Brandy and Robbie warmed up for you. Their asses are waiting for your cock," Carl said with a laugh.

Devin blushed and then walked to the room. Devin entered the dorm room and he was not surprised to see both Brandy and Robbie naked in bed lying side by side on their stomachs. Devin saw that both bottoms had cum oozing from them and he recalled Carl's words. He simply took off his clothes and got in bed with the other two gays. Devin decided to fuck Robbie first since he hadn't fucked him that often. He came quickly and ejaculated a huge load in Robbie's ass. Devin remained hard and as soon as he withdrew from Robbie's ass he slipped his cock into Brandy's ass. He fucked Brandy hard and fast until he came a second time. The three of them remained naked and crowded in the same bed. 

"I was coming over to see if you two were up for some doubles after lunch but now I'm tired."

"I'm exhausted too Devin and I need to let my ass recover from Carl's pounding."

"I wiped out too. I don't think I can handle any tennis today," Robbie added.

"How about tomorrow?"

"Sure, but let's play in the morning before breakfast."

"Cool, I'll let Artie know. I'll see you guys," Devin said as he patted both shapely asses as he left the room.

"My God, I can hardly move."

"I really don't know how you can take Carl's cock and Professor Winters cock in your ass but I love watching you do it."

"I had some big cocks at Whispers but not as big as those. Once I'm stretched out, it's not so bad. They are considerate and gentle, thank God!"

SUNDAY DOUBLES PRACTICE AND A FOURSOME

At 7:00 AM, Robbie, Brandy, Artie and Devin were warming up in preparation for doubles. The ski was gray and it looked like it might rain. The boys were certain that they could get in at least one set before the rain came. Even though Brandy and Robbie were number three doubles they played almost as well as Devin and Artie. However, the two juniors prevailed over the freshmen 7-5 in the first set. They just started the second set when it started to sprinkle. The court had a few slick spots and they decided to call it quits.

"We better stop. Coach Andrews would have a fit if one of us pulled a muscle," Artie announced.

"Which muscle were you thinking about pulling," Robbie countered.

"Funny!" ''

They were gathering up their gear and packing the tennis bags when it started to rain harder. They moved off the courts quickly but then the skies opened up and they knew they were doomed. 

"Shit, we'll never make it back to the dorm. Head for the locker room," Devin yelled.

The four of them dashed for the gymnasium building and by the time they got there they were soaked through and through. Devin told them all to strip and put the wet clothes in the dryer. Everyone took off their clothes and put them in the large industrial dryer and then they headed for the showers. The rain had chilled their bodies and they anxiously looked forward to a warm shower. Once their bodies warmed up they began getting a bit frisky.

Devin began playing with Brandy's ass and Robbie did the same to Artie. The boys soaped up their cocks and the sweet asses. Brandy and Artie faced the shower wall as their bottoms were filled with cock. Looking at their faces they all had expressions of ecstasy as the two lovely asses were methodically fucked. Devin and Robbie took their time as they were in no hurry to cum. They loved watching their cocks slide in and out of the curvy buttocks and savored every minute.

Devin was the first to cum but he pulled out and shot his load on Brandy buns and anus. He milked his cock for a few seconds and then pushed it back in Brandy's ass along with some semen that had gathered around the rubbery ring. Robbie saw that and it turned him on so he did the same thing to Artie. When the boys removed their dicks from the fresh fucked bottoms, Brandy went after Artie's ass. He took his time but when it was time to cum, he repeated they actions of his classmates. Then it was Artie's turn and he fucked Brandy with the same results. 

"Hey let's go for a swim," Devin suggested.

"We don't have swimsuits," Brandy replied.

"We won't need them, there's no one here and with this rain it's unlikely anyone will come here," Devin responded.

The four of them grabbed several towels and headed for the natatorium with the Olympic size indoor pool. The door was unlocked and when they entered the odor of chlorine filled their nostrils. They all jumped in and began to splash around. Soon they were grabbing each other's ass and peckers. Devin and Artie sat on the edge of the pool and had the freshman suck their cocks. Brandy sucked Artie and Robbie sucked Devin. The older boys came in the young mouths and then Devin said to hit the hot tub.

The four of them sat in the hot bubbly water and let the jets caress their anus. They were getting horny again but Devin directed everyone to the training room. They got out of the hot tub and dried off before walking naked into the training room. Devin told Robbie and Brandy to get on the training table on their sides in a 69 position. Then he and Artie lubed the two shapely asses and fucked them again. This time Devin came in Brandy's ass shooting his seed in deep. Artie also came in Robbie's ass. The two freshmen came in each other's mouth, something they were very used to doing.

"I think the rain has let up. Our clothes should be dry. Let's head back to the dorm. The four of them put on their tennis shorts and tees. They headed back to the dorm in a very light rain. Once there they quickly changed into their uniforms and headed for the dining hall. On Sunday brunch was served until 2:00 PM so they did not miss out on a meal. It had been an exhilarating morning particularly for Brandy and Robbie who relished the anal sex.

SURPRISE VISIT AND SURPRISE PACKAGE

Christian Roberts was still struggling with his sexuality. He liked having sex with Kyle but he had been unable to let Kyle fuck him or cum in his mouth. He didn't mind sucking Kyle's cock a bit before jacking him off but he still had not had his first taste of cum. However, he loved fucking his gay teammates, particularly Artie and Brandy who had the nicest asses. Christian, like Carl and Jack, had a girlfriend who visited him occasionally.
