 NOTE: This story contains gay sex and sex with a lady boy.

*****

FRIDAY PRACTICE FOLLOWED BY FUN

On Friday afternoon, tennis practice was light with focus on ground strokes and serves. After practice Coach Andrews announced the strategy they would use against Manchester Academy. He knew there was no way they could beat them head to head, so he shuffled his lineup.

"Kyle, you will play number one singles, Carl number two and Jack number three."

"Coach, Bart Jackson will kill me," Kyle said of playing the opponent.

"Of course, he will, he will kill any of you. He is the best player in the state. By moving Carl and Jack down I think we can get two points. I'm sure that Carl can beat Woodman and I feel good about Jack playing Boone."

"What about doubles coach?" Christian asked.

"Right now, I'm leaning toward Artie and Devin playing in the number one slot with you and Benji playing in the two spot. I think that we can surprise them and come away with a 3-2 victory. Gentlemen, we need to put egos aside and think like a team for this match. If there are no questions you are free to go and have fun. I will see you here tomorrow at 9:00 AM. Artie and Devin, I need to see you in my office."

Everyone smiled as they knew what that meant. Artie would be getting fucked by the coach. The two boys showered and just wearing towels around their waists, hustled to the coach's office while the rest of the team lingered in the shower. Carl and Jack who loved fondling the cute gays, paired off with Brandy and Robbie. Christian paired off with Kyle but then Benji joined in. Carl and Jack finished fondling their teammates, dried off and directed the cuties into the training room.

Brandy and Robbie got in a 69 position with Robbie on the bottom. They sucked each other's cock as their asses were lubricated by Carl and Jack. Carl then got behind Brandy and entered the lovely bottom. He admired the smooth shapely ass that was absolutely flawless. The virtually hairless ass was perfect with no pimples or blemishes. Carl loved watching his impressive cock slide in and out between the curvy buttocks. 

Jack had entered Robbie's ass and held the gay's legs up as he drilled the sweet bottom. Robbie's legs were hooked around Jack's muscular arms. Looking down Jack only saw the back of Brandy's head as it bobbed up and down sucking Robbie's cock. Both boys enthusiastically sucked each other's dick as their asses were drilled with impressive cocks. 

Brandy was the first to cum. He announced it and Robbie took the cock from his mouth and jerked it off. Brandy shot a big load onto Robbie covering his abs and chest. The stiff dick dangled over Robbie's face as it spewed its discharge. Robbie then announced he was going to cum and Brandy removed his mouth and stroked his lover's cock. Another huge load, this time his own, coated Robbie's body with semen. He was cum covered from his pubes to his collarbone. 

Carl then, without announcing his imminent ejaculation, pulled out of Brandy's ass and sprayed the lovely bottom with a huge load. He aimed his cock at the anus and watched as his seed bounced off the rubbery ring. Using the head of his cock, he scooped up the semen that was trickling down over Brandy's perineum and pushed his cock back in the dilated anus. He repeated this action several times pushing semen back into the anal channel. 

Jack then pulled his cock out of Robbie and shot his load onto the boy's already cum-covered body. He stroked his cock until he stopped shooting and then he put his cock back in Robbie's ass. Carl and Jack resumed fucking both gays until they came a second time. This time they left their cocks in the boy's asses and filled their rectums with the milky fluids. 

Jack and Carl left their teammates in the training and returned to the locker room to shower and dress. In the locker room, they saw Benji sucking Kyle's cock as he was being fucked by Christian. Brandy and Robbie did not have more sex in the training room. Instead they showered, dressed and returned to their dorm room where they would pleasure each other. 

Artie and Devin had arrived at the coach's office with just towels wrapped around their naked bodies. They knew their clothes would have come off anyway, so they didn't bother to get dressed. Coach Andrews was already naked sitting in his office chair. He smiled at the two pretty gays when they arrived.

"Artie come over here and suck my cock. Get it ready for your hot ass," the coach directed.

Artie dropped the towel and then knelt in front of the coach. He took the hardening dick in his hand and kissed up and down the shaft. He ran his tongue around the soft mushroom head and tasted the precum that had emerged. Next, he took the cock in his mouth and lovingly sucked it.

"Devin," the coach called out as he tossed him a tube of lube, "Get his ass ready for me."

Taking the lube, Devin thoroughly lubricated his teammates anus. He loved doing that to Artie and he loved watching his fingers move in and out. With his free hand, he caressed the shapely bottom and he was already looking forward to fucking it later. The coach pulled his cock from the boy's mouth and instructed Devin to switch places with him.

Devin sat in the coach's chair and Artie immediately took the cock in his mouth. The coach knelt behind Artie and briefly admired the gorgeous ass. Artie's ass was even prettier and shapelier than Ginger's. Holding onto the curvy cheeks, the coach pried them apart and aimed his cock at the well-lubed anus. The taut ring opened up and the mushroom head cleared the sphincter. Taking his time, the coach fed his stiff dick to the receptive ass. Soon he was balls deep in the lovely bottom and savoring the superb ass fuck. He caressed the smooth curvy buttocks as he slowly fucked the sweet gay. 

Devin was the first to cum and he pulled out and jerked off allowing his seed to land on his chest and pubes. He did not want to shoot his first load of the day into his lover's mouth. Once he stopped cumming, Artie took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it dry. Artie had been stroking his own dick and he was the next to cum. He shot his load onto the towel beneath him.

Bill Andrews liked it when the gay he was fucking came before he did. He liked the sensation of the sphincter gripping his cock with each spurt of cum. That did it for the coach and he filled Artie's rectum with a substantial load. Several streams flooded the boy's rectum and even after the coach removed his cock, Artie felt like he was still in there. Artie picked up the towel and held it to his bottom to catch any semen seeping from his anus. 

The coach dismissed them and they headed back to the showers. They showered, dressed and returned their dorm. Just like Brandy and Robbie, they would pleasure each other in the privacy of their room. The coach dressed, tied up his office, closed up the locker room and headed home. Unbeknown to him while he was having fun with the gay boys, his wife Ginger was having her own fun.

GINGER HAS A VISITOR

Nick knew that Bill would be tied up all Saturday morning. First there would be tennis practice and then Bill would fuck at least one of the boys. Bill wasn't gone five minutes when Nick arrived at the house. He rang the bell and smiled when Ginger greeted him at the front door. She was dressed in a baby-doll nightie and looked ravishing. He could see her breasts through the sheer fabric and then his eyes went to her pubes. She was wearing a thong under the nightie which concealed her cock. 

"Come on in. Let's go right to bed, we can have something to drink later."

He followed her down the hall to the bedroom. His eyes were fixated on her undulating ass the entire time. Ginger dropped the nightie but left the thong in place. She reclined in bed on her back and watched as Nick removed his clothes. His cock was rock hard and he was anxious to fuck her but Ginger would control the action that morning. 

He got in bed with her and they French kissed. She could feel his stiff prick against her thigh and he felt her tits pressing into his chest. He was incredibly hot and she felt the pre-cum ooze from his dick onto her thigh. She pushed his head down to her breasts and let out a sigh as his mouth went to work. He kissed her breasts and sucked on her nipples, which were rock hard in seconds. Ginger's cock was now stiff in her panty. She pushed his head down again and he trailed kisses down her firm tummy, stopping at her naval. 

"Nick, take my panty off. My clit is so hard and so aching. It needs your attention. Suck my clit for me."

Nick was faced with the same decision he had made lat time. He had sucked Ginger's cock and he had had his first taste of cum. Could he do it again? He was dying to fuck her but he knew that he would have to earn it. He sat back on his haunches and took a hold of the thong panty. He slowly pulled it down and the stiff dick sprung out and slapped against Ginger's flesh. He pulled the thong all the way down her smooth shapely legs and removed it. 

He looked at her lying in bed. She looked like a beautiful woman with a 6" erection. It was one of the most bizarre but also erotic sights he had ever witnessed. He ran his hands up her lovely legs toward her pubes and took a hold of her erect cock. He caressed her ball sac with one hand as he stroked her cock with the other. She could see that he was still struggling with indecision.

"Nick, please suck my clit. You can see how hard you made it."

He next moved his head toward her dick, resolved to go through with it again. First, he licked up the shaft and then took the head in his mouth. He nibbled on the spongy flesh before letting more of it enter his mouth. Ginger was very turned-on mainly because she had been able to seduce the formerly straight handsome young man. 

Her orgasm snuck up on her and she ejaculated in his mouth catching him by surprise. She held his head in her hands as she fired four streams of semen into his mouth. Nick managed to block most of her load with his tongue and let the seed run out f his mouth. Still he had tasted her and inadvertently swallowed some. With traces of her semen on his lips, he moved up her body and kissed her. She had tasted her own juice many times so she was not put off by the act.

"I need to fuck you." He whispered.

"I know," she replied, "I Douched and lubed my ass for you earlier. I'm ready." 

Nick normally liked her in the doggy-style or spoon position. However, he was so horny that he moved between her legs and eased his cock into her receptive ass. Ginger raised her legs and held to the back of her knees. Nick was on his haunches looking down at her as he drilled her ass. It was the first time he had fucked her in the missionary position and it was odd looking at her cock. She was still hard and he felt compelled to take a hold of her dick. He came quickly and flooded her rectum with a massive load. 

"Oh God, I feel it. Stay hard and keep fucking me."

Nick continued fucking her and he was so hot that he knew he could cum in her again without a break. He fondled her tits and stroked her cock as he picked up the pace and drilled her ass. Ginger came again before he did and her release covered her abs and pubes. The gripping sensation of her sphincter did it for him and he shot another load in her bottom. He was drained and he leaned over her but kept his weight off of her. She reached up and pulled him to her body. They hugged and kissed and he could feel the semen between their bodies. They remained in bed for several minutes before Ginger suggested a bath. 

"I'll put the coffee on while the bath is running. Then we can relax in my tub."

The Andrews had a huge Roman style bath tub with jacuzzi jets. She ran the water, added some bath oil and then went to the kitchen to make coffee. Minutes later they were in the bath with mugs of coffee. The jets were gentle and felt soothing and relaxing to Nick. They drank their coffee, enjoyed the bath and didn't speak for some time. Ginger then turned the jets off and they chatted.

"You are a good lover, Nick."

"You are great too Ginger. I have to be honest though, I never thought that I would do the things we do."

"You made the transition from straight to bisexual. Look at it this way, you can enjoy both sexes now."

"I guess but you are special. I mean you're still so feminine. I don't think I would do it with a gay guy."

"You might be surprised. A couple of those tennis players are very cute with some nice asses. I know Bill loves fucking them."

"I don't know. That would be a big step."

Ginger then turned to get something behind her and as she did her lovely ass came up out of the water. Nick stared at it and then he had to touch it. He caressed her buns and liked the feel of the oily water on her cheeks. Ginger smiled as she knew the effect her ass had on the young man. She wiggled her bottom in response and he continued to fondle her oily buttocks. Seeing her lean over the tub, he eased a finger onto her and it slid in easily. He added a second and that too went if smoothly.

He was rock hard again and moved behind her. He eased his oily dick in to her bottom and began to fuck her slowly. His hands came around and caressed her breasts which were also slick from the bath oil. He continued to fondle her tits and nipples with one hand while his other sought out her cock. He found her hard again and he jerked her off as he fucked her. It was so sensual to be fucking in the huge tub with the sound their bodies slapping together along with the water splashing against the sides of the tub.

They fucked for quite some time as neither was in a hurry to cum quickly. Besides they had both cum twice earlier that morning. Nick just loved being in her ass in that position. Ginger came first and Nick felt her seed ooze out of her cock and coat his hand. He then felt that surge and he came in her ass for a third time. They stayed coupled together until he softened and his cock slipped out of her beautiful ass. 

They bathed a bit longer and then it was time to get out of the tub. Nick got dressed and Ginger just put on a robe. She saw him out and then returned to the kitchen where she had a light breakfast. She later relaxed with another cup of coffee, reading and listening to music. Bill came home shortly after at 1:00 PM.

"How did tennis practice go?"

"Great, did you have lunch yet?"

"No, I wanted to wait for you."

"Do you want to go out to eat?

"I'd love to. I'll get dressed."

Ginger put on a halter top and tight shorts. Bill loved the way she looked. He knew that anyone who saw them together would think that he was married to a very hot looking lady. They were right about one thing, she was hot.

"What did you do this morning?"

"Just chilled out, I slept in and then took a long bath. I love that tub. Tell me about tennis."

"You know we have that big match coming up against Manchester next Friday. Thankfully we have an easy match on Tuesday. I'm going to rest Carl, Jack, Christian and Benji. Kyle, Brandy and Robbie will play singles. Artie and Devin, Brandy and Robbie will play doubles."

"Will you win Tuesday?"

"Definitely, that team hasn't won a match all year. On Friday, I'm playing Kyle at number one singles, Carl two and Jack three. Artie and Devin will play number one doubles with Christian and Benji number two. I know we would lose our matches against their number one players, so I'm hoping with this lineup we can eke out three points."

"Good luck with that. I'm looking forward to the match."

"I think we will have a fair number of spectators on Friday. Some of the faculty will be there as well as some parents and friends of the players."

Bill and Ginger had an enjoyable leisurely lunch and then headed home. They decided to go for a walk and then have cocktails before dinner. After dinner, they would make love before they turned in. Bill was surprised that Ginger didn't cum as she usually did. He laughed when she told him that she had masturbated in the bath twice that morning. They went to sleep knowing that they would be refreshed for morning sex.

RAINY DAYS, MONDAYS AND THE BIG MATCH

Sunday was a rainy day so all the students hung out at the main building after brunch. Some went to the library to study and some lounged in the student union. Late afternoon found Carl and Jack visiting Robbie and Brandy again for another foursome. Christian was thinking about Ginger as he was fucking Kyle in his room. Artie, Devin and Benji were enjoying a threesome. It was the last day of sex for them until after the Manchester match on Friday. Robbie and Brandy were the exception as they had to visit Professor Winters for extra credit.

The visit on Monday was fairly routine with Professor Winters. The three of them removed their clothes and neatly hung them up. Winters then fucked Brandy standing up while Robbie sucked Brandy's cock. After Brandy came, then he sucked Robbie's cock. Winters loved watching is big dick in the cute ass. When he came it was massive and Brandy felt like he had an enema. Robbie and Brandy behaved themselves after the extra credit session. 

Tuesday's match with Westboro was a breeze as the coach had predicted. Wednesday's practice was all about drills and ball placement. On Thursday, it was a light practice focused on strategy. The coach wanted the team sharp and well rested for Friday.

On Friday afternoon, the small stands were filled and many people were standing. Bill Winters let Ginger sit with him and some of the players. Brandy and Robbie were on the bench with her. She took a liking to both boys and admired their pretty effeminate bodies. The teams took to the courts and the Manchester Coach was pissed when he saw Kyle go the number one court. He let his feeling be known.

"I know what you up to Andrews. We're still going to whip your ass."

"Let's hope for a good contest coach," Andrews replied sarcastically.

Bart Jackson, the top player was livid that he had to play Kyle and not Carl. He was so distracted that he ended up losing the first set 6-4. Kyle had also played out of his head. The second and third sets were more of what was expected as Jackson won 6-1, 6-0. Still he was pissed because he had lost his first set of the year.

Jackson slammed his racquet down on his gear bag and said loudly, "I can't believe I lost a set to that fagot."

Meanwhile Carl was in a tight match against Woodman who had won the first set 7-5. Carl played better in the second set and won 6-4. In the third set Carl held on again and eked out a win 7-5. There had been two tie breakers but Carl had prevailed; 5-7, 6-4, 7-5. 

Surprisingly Jack had an easier time with Boone and beat him 6-3, 6-3. Now it was up to the doubles matches. This time the Manchester coach switched his doubles teams around so that the number ones and twos would play each other. Coach Andrews could only hope for the best. 

Christian and Benji were holding their own and it would be decided in the third set. However, Artie and Devin got crushed losing 6-2, 6-1. Now with the match tied at two points each. Everyone was focused on the last doubles match in the final set. Christian was serving with the score 4-6, 6-4, 3-3. The young man summoned some energy that the coach had never seen as he pulled off four straight aces. Lexius was leading in the final set 4-3. Feeling the pressure, the Manchester player did not hold serve and Benji would serve for the set at 5-3. 

Benji was broken and Manchester was serving at 4-5. He held serve and the match was tied at 5-5. It was Christian serving again and he held for a 6-5 lead. The same Manchester player who was broken earlier, was broken again for a 4-6, 6-4, 7-5 Lexius win. Lexius won the match 3-2 handing Manchester its first loss in four years. The guys were ecstatic and were jumping around hugging each other. Faculty, family and friends gathered around the players congratulating them. 
