 HORNY SATURDAY MORNING

A week had gone by since the big win over Manchester and the Lexius team had won their following two matches and were still undefeated. They would face Manchester again in 10 days. The Friday match was tougher than it should have been but the team had prevailed 3-2. There was no practice on Saturday and the boys were grateful for that.

Brandy was awake in his room before Robbie and he was stroking his cock. He was horny and not being sure when Robbie would wake up, he decided to masturbate. He loved playing with cocks including his own. Robbie rolled over and rubbed his eyes as he started to wake up. Seeing his roommate jerking off he smiled and then went over Brandy's bed. They were both naked as they always slept in the nude.

"Feeling a bit randy this morning?" Robbie teased as he reached for Brandy's pecker.

"Definitely, we only fucked once last night and I need to cum."

"You are a horny little shit that's for sure. I think I'll call you Randy Brandy." 

"Call me what you want, just get me off now."

Robbie took over stroking Brandy's cock and it didn't take long for the virile student to shoot. Streams shot out of the spewing cock and landed on his smooth skin. Robbie continued to stroke the shaft until every drop and been squeezed out. His hand was cum-covered and he used it to stroke his own stiff dick. Robbie then got the idea to use the semen as lubricant. Scooping it up off Brandy's lovely body, he coated his cock with it and also spread it over his lover's anus.

Robbie's fingers were soon moving in and out of Brandy's ass with ease. Brandy lifted his legs to make room for Robbie to get between them. Taking his cum-covered cock, he placed at the rubbery ring and pressed forward. The well-stretched anus offered little resistance and the cock slid all the way in. Robbie fucked his lover slowly and gently as he loved being balls-deep in Brandy's bottom. He too was horny that morning and felt his pending release.

"Come on me," Brandy whispered.

Robbie slipped his cock out even as the rubbery ring tried to prevent its exit. He stroked it aiming it at the lovely gay. The first shot rocketed out and just missed Brandy's head. The next forceful streams hit the pretty boy in the chest and tummy. Robbie did not squeeze every drop from his cock but put it back in the lovely ass. Brandy cooed as he was re-entered and used his sphincter to milk the cock dry. 

"That was really wild, using my own cum to lube my ass and your cock."

Both boys were still hard when Robbie pulled out and lay next to Brandy. It was Robbie who suggested that they shower, dress and go to breakfast. They could always have sex anytime that day. Brandy agreed and he thought it would be cool to hook up with some of the others as well.

The hormones were definitely active that morning as in another room Nick was fucking Artie's sweet ass. Artie loved being a bottom and he had the ass for it. He was much more submissive than his lovers and he dearly loved tops. Nick was only too happy to be Artie's top. 

The bi-sexual boys, Carl, Jack and Christian were occupied with straight sex that morning as their girlfriends had come for a visit arriving Friday night. Kyle did not miss Christian that morning as he was being well taken care of by Benji. The two of them had started with a torrid 69 and now Kyle was drilling Benji's ass in a spoon position. Benji loved the spoon position as his lover stroked his cock. 

Even things at the Andrews house were hot that morning as well. Ginger was on her side with Bill behind her. He stroked her cock as he fucked her ass until she ejaculated. He then moved her to all fours and fucked her doggy style until he filled her rectum with his seed. Once he finished shooting, he backed out and lay next to his ladyboy wife. 

"Let's get cleaned up and go out for breakfast," he suggested. 

"You read my mind. Any plans for later today?"

"No but remember tomorrow I'm playing golf with the guys."

"Oh, that's right, what time?"

"I have a 10:30 tee time and I'll be leaving at 8:00. I'll be home in time for dinner."

Bill got up to shower first and Ginger used that time to call Nick. She told him that Bill would be golfing from 8:00 until at least 5:00. Nick was thrilled to hear from her and told her he would be there at 9:00 in the morning. Ginger then showered, dressed and went to breakfast with her husband. 

ORGY IN THE GYM

At breakfast Brandy, Robbie, Devin, Artie, Benji and Kyle all agreed to have some fun in the gym. The swim team had an away meet and would be gone all day. The boys could swim, have sex and shower at their leisure as they would have the place to themselves. Artie had a key to the building courtesy of Coach Andrews. The six of them headed to the gym right after breakfast. 

At first, they all swam naked in the pool and played grab ass with each other. They were all worked up when they left the pool and dried off. In the gym, they put several mats on the floor and they began their orgy. With Brandy, Artie and Benji having the nicest asses they were fucked on all fours kneeling side by side. Robbie took Artie, Kyle took Brandy, and Devin took Benji. It was quite a sight to see the three pretty boys with sweet asses getting fucked by their teammates. After each ass was filled with a milky load the boys separated. 

Needing to cum, Artie, Brandy and Benji arranged themselves so they could suck each other's cock Artie sucked Brandy who in turn sucked Benji as he sucked Artie. Each of them was rewarded with a cock exploding in their mouths. Then the six of them went back to the natatorium and got in the large Jacuzzi. The water helped rejuvenate them and soon they were back on the mats.

Brandy's and Artie's asses were just irresistible. They were placed on all fours again to be fucked and suck cocks. Benji was thrilled that he got to fuck Brandy as Kyle fucked Artie. Devin had Brandy suck his cock and Robbie fed his to Artie's mouth. Neither Devin or Robbie wanted to cum in their teammate's mouths, instead they waited their turn at the lovely bottoms.

Benji came first and he shot a surprisingly large load in Brandy's ass. He was quickly replaced by Devin who was in no rush to cum in the marvelous derriere. He loved fucking Brandy and understood why everyone else did too. He fucked the sweet boy slowly and caressed the lovely globes lovingly. 

Kyle had cum in Artie's receptive ass and he moved away making room for Robbie. Although Robbie thought that his roommate had the nicest ass he admired Artie's too, which wasn't far behind Brandy in beauty. Devin and Robbie looked at each other and smiled as they relished fucking the lovely bottoms. Both boys fucked their teammates slowly with incredible patience as they wanted to stay in them for as long as they could.

Benji and Kyle surprised the others when they slipped underneath and took Artie's and Brandy's cocks in their mouths. The act really got to the boys getting their cocks sucked while they were fucked. Within minutes they were shooting their loads into the succulent mouths. That was followed by Devin and Robbie flooding the clenching rectums with yet other sizeable loads. The six of them separated and collapsed on the mats.

After a brief rest, they made their way back to the pool and chilled out as the water cooled their bodies. Then it was to the showers, dressing and returning to the main building. It had been quite an impromptu session which they agreed had been a blast. They managed to grab a late lunch and then it was time for homework and studies. They had all had enough sex for one day and they still had Sunday. 

GINGER AND NICK

Bill left the house Sunday morning at 8:00 AM as planned. Ginger stayed in bed until he left and then she showered and douched her ass. She ate a light breakfast and waited for Nick's arrival. She knew Nick would be anxious to fuck her again and she would use that desire to her advantage. He had come around sucking her cock the last two times but he was still somewhat reluctant. She would make Nick earn the privilege of fucking her ass.

Once he arrived, they sat on the sofa with a cup of coffee. They chatted for a few minutes and then set their coffee cups down. Ginger leaned in to kiss him and shoved her tongue in Nick's mouth. He felt his cock surge as he kissed her deeply. His hands went to her halter covered breasts. The feel of her braless lovely round breasts covered in the soft material felt wonderful in his hands and he gave her a warm squeeze to show his appreciation of her beauty. Ginger threw her head back, emitting a throaty moan, and gave him a perfect opportunity to bare her breasts. He lifted the halter top as his tongue and lips caressed her neck. He tasted her warm soft skin losing himself in her wonderful scent. He slid the halter top away from her shoulders to expose the lovely pert titties to his now eager mouth. He could feel her enjoyment as her hands held his head firmly to her breasts. 

"I want to undress you," she whispered.

Without waiting for his response, Ginger pulled the polo shirt over his head and then dropped to her knees in front of him. She undid his belt and slid his pants off letting them drop to the floor. 

"Well someone looks happy to see me!" she said as she gazed longingly at the erection in his briefs. 

She then pulled his briefs down and watched as his erection caught in the waistband and then sprung out. She kissed her way up his legs and took his stiff penis into her mouth. Nick had had plenty of blowjobs but never like what Ginger could do to him. There was something about her movements as she employed just the right amount of teasing and nibbling. He knew he was in for an orgasm of monumental proportions as he had been thinking about her all morning. He felt her hands grab his ass cheeks behind him and he was impressed with her strength for such a petite person. She spread the cheeks and he could feel her fingers moving toward his anal portal. She lubricated her finger with the mixture of her saliva and Nick's pre-cum and then slipped the moistened finger into his tight ass.

The sensation of this was almost too much for him to bear. She sensed his condition and she held still for just a moment. Her finger moved with urgency now as she finger fucked him in the ass to the same tempo that her mouth sucked his cock. She found his prostate and she sucked him all the way into her mouth. The finger pushed against the prostate as she sucked him deeply into her mouth and caused a volcanic eruption of cum. He held onto her shoulders as his toes curled and he flooded her mouth with one of his massive loads. Nick pushed into her and balanced himself by holding onto to her shoulders as the ejaculation temporarily sapped his energy.

Ginger hungrily and insatiably drank down all his cum and then she stood up and kissed him to let him taste himself in her mouth. He was not repulsed by the taste of his own cum as he had tasted it before. Ginger next guided them into her bedroom and he fell back onto the bed. She got in bed with him and her lovely face was right over his and he reached up to kiss her again. They kissed as he rolled her over onto her back. The halter top was long gone but she still had on her shorts. Nick pulled them down and the panties down her sexy legs. Nick was mesmerized by her cock again as it was a little larger than his own. She sensed his hesitation again and encouraged him to suck her cock.

"Nick, suck on my big clit. She how hard you made my clit. Now you have to suck on it. Suck my clit good and I'll let you fuck me next."

He struggled with his inner feelings even though Ginger was a beautiful ladyboy. He stared at the hard meat in front of his face and he took to it. His hands reached for her and he held the throbbing penis. He began to jerk Ginger's cock just as he had his own so many times. He reveled in watching the lust in her eyes and face as he pumped the rigid tool. His other hand cupped her balls, and rolled them gently, caressing and squeezing them. Ginger moaned in pleasure. 

Nick watched the pre-cum ooze from the penile opening and he knew that he had to taste it. His hands brought the cock to his mouth and he flicked his tongue tip over the pee hole to taste the pre-cum. Nick then put the head totally inside his mouth and for the third time in his life he had Ginger's cock in his mouth. He enjoyed this sensation tremendously but she got impatient and with strong hands pulled his face half way down on the rock-hard shaft. 

At first, he gagged but then he found it quite easy after a bit, to relax, and follow the hands on his head as she face-fucked him. Her moans were increasing and he felt the shudders begin. He began to suck as his mouth went up and down the shaft as they established their rhythm. Her thrusts were urgent now and he found it difficult to keep the cock in his mouth. He struggled but he was able to keep half of the cock in his mouth as he prepared to taste the ejaculation. Ginger was now moaning, groaning and humping as the climax approached.

A month ago, not in his wildest dreams did Nick ever think that he would be sucking a cock but here he was with her beautiful cock in his mouth. His lips locked on to the throbbing tool as he held onto the shapely ass. His one hand cupped the tight ball sac and the other caressed the anus feeling the muscle spasm. Nick tensed as he realized what he was about to do again. Ginger's hips strained as they thrust into the air, the back was arched and the head was thrown back in wanton lust. 

"I'm cumming, oh God, I'm cumming!" 

Nick felt the first burst of molten liquid in his mouth. He swallowed fast in order to handle the volume as he tried to not lose any of it. Some of the semen dribbled down the side of his mouth but he ignored it and continued to suck hard. He sucked and sucked as fast as he could as six or seven ropes of cum filled his mouth. Just the act of having Ginger cum in his mouth stirred his loins as he thought about fucking her ass. 

Ginger finally subsided and fall back on the bed. She kissed him deeply and let their tongues played together. Then she darted her tongue outside his mouth and scooped up the remaining cum that had escaped. After lapping up the seed around his lips, she pushed her tongue deeply into his mouth and fed the love juice to him. 

Smiling, she gently pulled her lips from his and looked him in the eyes, "I want you inside me. You would like to fuck me now?" she stated more than asked.

Nick nodded his agreement and Ginger rose from the bed and walked seductively to her dresser. She retrieved a bottle of lube and then returned to the bed. She poured some in her hand and then she stroked his raging hard-on getting it very slick. He needed no further instruction when it came to preparing her ass for a fucking. As she crawled onto the bed on all fours, he was enticed with the beautiful ass. He poured some of the fragrant lubricant onto his hands and then placed a copious amount on her twitching anus. He let his slippery fingers travel lightly all around the lovely ass cheeks. He heard a sharp gasp escape her mouth when his fingers first reached the rubbery ring. He started at the top of her ass and moved ever so slowly down until one fingertip reached the puckered opening. She sighed deeply with pleasure.

He did not penetrate the now anxious hole but instead he separated the lovely butt cheeks, exposing her anal opening. He then moved his head down and dipped his tongue between the shapely cheeks. Her movements became frantic with desire and he loved it. His tongue probed at the well-lubricated anal opening and then he surprised himself when he pulled her ass cheeks apart and jammed his tongue into her anus. She bucked back at him trying to get more of his tongue inside the receptive hole. He probed in and out with his tongue as he prepared her ass to be fucked. The sensation was overwhelming for her but now there was a desire for more in there than his tongue.

"Please, please, now! Nick, I need your hard cock in my ass."

Nick pulled his tongue away from Ginger's ass and got up on his knees behind the beauty. He moved his cock close to her anus and positioned the head at her opening. Then overcome with desire he held nothing back as he jammed his cock past the ring and as far into her ass as he could. His balls smacked against her balls and she loved it.

"Yes, that's it, oh yes," she encouraged.

Nick's hands held the sides of Ginger's hips as he moved furiously fulfilling his desire to fuck the beautiful shapely ass. Ginger met and matched each thrust from him. Nick pounded Ginger's ass and his pelvis slapped into the ass cheeks causing them to jiggle each time. He was going wild with passion and he knew that he could not hold out too much longer. As much as he wanted to prolong fucking Ginger's incredible ass, he could feel that familiar sensation building again.

"Nick cum in me, I want to feel you cum in my ass," Ginger urged as she sensed his imminent ejaculation.

Nick made one final push and held himself tight against Ginger's ass cheeks as spurt after spurt shot into the rectum. He groaned aloud as he filled Ginger's ass with hot cum. Ginger groaned too feeling the hot cum shoot and fill the anal passage. They stayed coupled tightly together as Ginger used her sphincter to milk every drop from the rigid shaft. 

"Oh, that was wonderful! I am so glad that you could cum so much again. I love it when my ass is full of cum," Ginger exclaimed.

Nick leaned over her keeping his cock deep in her ass and grabbed Ginger's breasts. He played with the rock-hard nipples as he massaged the breasts. They stayed like that for several minutes and then his cock softened and slipped from the shapely ass. They both sighed and then collapsed forward on the bed. They held to each other as lovers should after incredible sex. Ginger held Nick's soft cock in her delicate hand and he reciprocated by holding Ginger's flaccid member. 

They were drained and sated and done for the day. Nick showered, dressed and left the house well before Bill returned home. Ginger pampered herself again with a bubble bath and she was lounging in a soft robe when her husband got home from golf. Bill showered and Ginger called out for pizza. Later they had the pizza with a couple of beers and watched a movie. In bed that night, Bill was tired but he was treated to one of Ginger's signature blow jobs.

A WEEK LATER

The tennis team won its two matches that week and they would face Manchester on Tuesday. Coach Andrews was very clear about cooling it with sex again before the big match. However, Brandy and Robbie did not expect to play and Christian didn't care. He had gotten an invitation from Ginger to visit her on Sunday and to bring Brandy and Robbie along again. Bill would be playing golf again and be gone most of the day.

The team had a busy practice on Saturday and appreciated the day off on Sunday. Monday would be light practice and going over strategy. The swim team had a home meet on Saturday so after tennis the boys simply showered, dressed and returned to the main building. Following lunch, a couple of them got together that afternoon for casual sex in the privacy of their dorm rooms. However, it was Sunday that everyone was the most active.

Carl and Jack was disappointed when they didn't see Brandy and Robbie on Sunday. They had no idea where the cute gays were and they certainly didn't suspect that they would be with Christian at Coach Andrews house. Carl and Jack spotted Artie and Benji at brunch and set their sights on them. Kyle and Devin decided to hook up after brunch.

Artie and Benji were pleased that they had been invited to Carl's and Jack's room. They looked forward to being with the handsome well-endowed seniors. As soon as they arrived at the senior's room they took off their clothes and watched anxiously as Carl and Jack undressed and revealed their big cocks. Carl admired Artie's nice ass and he would be the first to fuck hm.
