 Lexxie sighed wistfully, staring out of his dorm window to watch as sakura petals fluttered and danced across the garden, waltzing with the breeze. He wanted his Jack. He wanted to feel the hidden strength in Jack's arms as they wrapped around him, pulling him close. He wanted to feel the surprising softness of his lips as they brushed across his cheek. Wanted to see the utter adoration shimmer within Jack's eyes, eyes that were darkened with barely bridled lust and desire. 

The redhead flopped down onto his bed bonelessly, a despondent "I want my Jack" falling from his lips in a whine that fell on only his ears. He wanted Jack. He wanted to watch as that sexy smile worked its way onto Jack's lips, begging for Lexxie to kiss and lick and taste it. He wanted to watch Jack's hands smooth over him, stroking down to worship his torso, before raining kisses on his stomach. He wanted to comb his fingers through his lovers dark locks, marvelling at its softness, the way it brushed over his skin with every minor motion of Jack's head as he sent his lips searing ever downward. 

Lexxie reclined back against his pillows, allowing his hand to drift across his chest, the lightest of touches delivered to his skin, just like Jack would touch him. His eyes shuttered closed, hand moving as if on it's own accord, creeping over his stomach muscles, pausing to circle lazily, hovering above the waistband of his shorts. 

"Jack..." Lexxie whispered, begging his phantom lover. His fingers dipped down beneath the cloth of his shorts, brushing across the straining tip of his hardened prick. A soft groan involuntarily escaped Lexxie's lips, half-desperate, half-satisfied at the barely-felt touch. 

"Jack... More." 

Lexxie's hand complied, as Jack's would have, stripping away the offending material to expose him fully. Lexxie dragged in a ragged breath in his nakedness, hand motionless above his cock. It was as if he were waiting for Jack, had his boyfriend been there, to drink in the vision Lexxie made, sprawled out on the soft duvet, ready for Jack to take him and ravish. 

A scarcely audible sigh followed soon after Lexxie's hand moved, fingertips teasing over the length of his shaft in a tantalising fashion. "Want... you... Jack... please." The words were breathed out, anxious and imploring. Lexxie's hand curled around the base of his cock, pulling oh so gently upward, tugging at his erection. 

"Oh god..." Lexxie shivered, not so much from the motion of his hand, but the memory. The memory of being surrounded by Jack's warm tightness, Jack's legs wrapping around his waist, hands reaching out to claw their way around his shoulders. Wet, hot kisses pressed here and there, delivered at a furious pace. Gasps and damp panting echoing in his ears as Lexxie plunged in and out of Jack's heated body, delicious friction burning in their groins, bursts of heat unraveling in places he never knew he possessed.  

Lexxie's hand moved faster and faster, grip tightening and loosening, hand twisting a little as it worked its way upward and back down again, enticing whimpers and moans from the boy who was covered in a sheen of sweat and stinking of sex. 

"Jack...Jack..." His lovers name was repeated over and again, as if it was the only word Lexxie could remember. Oh god.. The way Jack had shuddered and moaned, shivering beneath him as they both came together, dicks spasming as they surrendered to each other, to the sensations playing havoc with their bodies, to the sense of endless and unconditional love they held for one another. 

When Lexxie's eyes finally opened, a lazy feline-like smile upon his lips, his seed spilled upon the bedspread, it seemed perfectly right that Jack was beside him, arms curling around the smaller boys shoulders to hold him close. Lexxie graced Jack with a tired, tiny kiss, smiling against his lovers lips. As Jack swept aside a few stray strands of Lexxie's sweat-soaked hair, Lexxie purred, admitting to his boyfriend as he flopped against him, "I missed you."

Jack grins, softest of kisses pressed against Lexxie's lips and he tastes that taste of sex upon his tongue. He takes that tongue into his mouth, suckles upon it like he's trying to suckle the taste from Lexxie's body, draw it into himself. 

"I should leave more often," Jack says, eyes sparkling with mischief and Lexxie groans, a combination of dread and exhaustion overcoming him. 

"Leave, but only if you are going to come back again," Lexxie begs, fingers seeking Jack's to entwine.

"Only if you promise to welcome me back like you have just now," Jack says, guiding Lexxie's hand downward to the heat of his own erection, standing hard beneath the denim of his jeans.