 Disclaimer: this story involves cuckolding/cheating.

*****

Liam spent a lot of time at our place over the course of the following week. He slept over in my and Kyle's bed every night, while I stayed on the couch, stroking myself to the sounds of their intense sex. I waited on them hand and foot, and they teased me constantly. They would dangle the possibility of letting me watch them fuck in front of me, usually deciding that I wasn't allowed and I would have to either listen with my ear pressed up against the bedroom door or from the couch. A couple times they did let me watch, and I would be quickly overwhelmed at the sight of Liam's smooth little body getting pounded by Kyle's thick cock, cumming in my hand well before they finished, to their amusement.

I was ashamed and embarrassed that I had become so submissive to the blond twink who had seduced my own boyfriend, but I was also nearly constantly turned on. Liam loved to prance around in just his underwear or other skimpy outfits. A couple times he even gave me little lap dances, kissing my neck and letting me squeeze his ass, before he got up and went to Kyle for the fucking he deserved. It was cruel, but it also made me cum so hard when I stroked myself.

That weekend, Liam and Kyle were cuddled on the couch together, sipping cocktails I had made for each of them. Liam was wearing a tank top and a tight-fitting pair of shorts, Kyle was just in his boxers. Liam picked up his phone and started tapping away on it. "What're you doing?" Kyle asked casually.

"Oh, um, do you remember a while back when I told you about those two guys who were gonna tag team me?" Liam asked with a smirk.

"I do," Kyle said. "Got me so hard thinking about that."

"Well I was just texting them, seeing what they're up to," Liam said.

"What?" Kyle said. "Tired of my dick already?"

"Welllll," Liam said, dragging a finger sexily across Kyle's chest, "I was thinking they could come over here and we could have some fun together."

"Oh yeah?" Kyle asked, clearly intrigued. "Aren't they, like, on the football team?"

"One of them is," Liam said. "They're both big and muscular, more than you. But they're both exclusively tops. 

"Hmm," Kyle said.

"I've never seen you get fucked before," said Liam. "I think it would be so hot." 

I knew Kyle was versatile, and while he had been having a great time fucking Liam the past week, I had wondered if he was getting all of his needs met. He was clearly excited by Liam's suggestion. His hand moved down and grasped his hardening cock.

"Um, yeah, let's do it," he said.

"Great," Liam said, continuing to text. He then looked over at me. "What do you think, Lucas, you ready to have a couple more studs around to serve?" 

"Yes, sir," I said, biting my lower lip.

"Are you sure?" Liam said. "They're gonna be fucking your boyfriend really hard with their big dicks. You're not gonna get too jealous?"

"No, sir," I said submissively.

"Good," Liam said with a smirk, looking at his phone. "They'll be here in about an hour." 

Kyle and Liam passed the time watching TV and making out in front of me. My cock strained against my pants, but I didn't want to touch it, knowing that I was about to see an even better show. 

About an hour later, there was a knock on the door. Liam was straddling Kyle while they made out. He turned around to look at me and said, "Get the door, would you, Lucas?" He then turned back around and kept making out with Kyle.

I got up and opened the door. There stood a tall, muscular, super cute black guy and an equally tall and muscular white guy with a sexy, scruffy beard. They were both wearing muscle shirts and basketball shorts. "Hey, what's up," the black guy greeted me. 

"Um, hi," I said nervously. "Come on in. I'm Lucas."

The two men stepped inside. "Yeah, Liam told me about you," the black guy said. "Said you want to watch your own boyfriend get fucked by a couple of real men."

I looked down, embarrassed. "Um...can I get you anything to drink?"

They looked at each other and laughed. "Can you believe this guy?" the black guy said.

The white guy shook his head. "You can get us a couple of beers," he told me. 

As I moved to the kitchen, they walked into the living room, seeing Liam straddling Kyle. "Getting started without us, huh, Liam?" the black guy said.

Liam parted lips with Kyle and smiled at them. "Hey, guys," he said, getting off Kyle and standing in front of him. "Just getting Kyle warmed up. Kyle, this is Marcus and Brad. Marcus and Brad, this is Kyle." 

Marcus and Brad walked further into the room, rubbing their crotches as they eyed Kyle's shirtless body hungrily. I walked in from the kitchen, holding two cans of beer. "Um, here you go, guys," I said shyly. They grabbed the beers and popped them open while barely looking at me. 

"I see Lucas is taking good care of you," Liam said, giggling. "Lucas, come sit over here next to me." He sat down in a loveseat next to the couch and patted the cushion next to him. I silently did as he told me. 

Meanwhile, Kyle was looking up at Marcus and Brad as they moved to stand on either side of him, still rubbing their crotches. "Hi, guys," he said with a nervous smile.

"Hey," said Marcus, moving in close to Kyle, their legs almost touching. "We heard your little boyfriend here isn't giving you what you need." 

Kyle laughed a little. "Um, yeah, well, he's working with less than 4 inches, I can barely feel him when he's inside me," he said. He brought a hand under each of Marcus and Brad's shirts, lifting them up to feel their well-defined abs. 

Brad scoffed. "Yeah, we don't have that problem," he said, pulling his basketball shorts down to reveal a hardening 8 inches. Marcus did the same, revealing an even bigger and more beautiful cock. 

"Oh my..." Kyle said, obviously impressed. 

I could only stare as these two men presented their dicks to my boyfriend. Then I jumped with surprise as I felt Liam place his hand on my crotch. He was sitting on his knees next to me, leaning into my ear to whisper, "Pretty hot, huh?" I looked over at this beautiful twink rubbing my cock through my pants and nodded silently. Liam smiled, amused at how excited I was. "Take it out," he whispered. 

I quickly unbuttoned and unzipped my pants, pulling them down with my underwear, revealing my erect almost-4-inch penis. Liam gently wrapped his hand around it, using the precum it was oozing as lube. 

I looked over at Kyle, who had wasted no time engulfing Brad's dick in his mouth while stroking Marcus's with his hand. He then switched off, sucking off Marcus while stroking Brad. Marcus and Brad were both groaning in appreciation.

"You like seeing your boyfriend suck those big dicks, huh?" Liam said in my ear, still stroking. 

"Mmhmmmm," I moaned. Liam could see I was getting close to cumming and quickly pulled his hand away from my cock. 

"You're so pathetic," Liam said with a giggle. "I need another cocktail, please." I looked at him, exasperated and frustrated that he would ask me to go to the kitchen right then. He just looked at me impatiently. "Come on, chop chop." I stood up and started to pull my pants up, but Liam said, "No, just take them off. It's ok, Kyle already told them how small your dick is, they might as well see it for themselves." 

I reluctantly stepped out of my pants and underwear and walked past Marcus, Brad, and Kyle to go to the kitchen. As I did, Marcus and Brad both looked at me (Kyle was too focused in sucking their cocks) and laughed. "I can see why you had to call us over, Kyle," Marcus said. Kyle just moaned appreciatively as Marcus started fucking Kyle's face. 

I heard Kyle's slurping continue while I fixed Liam a drink. Then, I heard Marcus say, "All right, time to test out this ass, get up and bend over, slut." I immediately heard the sound of Marcus's dick popping out of Kyle's mouth. I quickly finished making Liam's drink and walked in to find Kyle kneeling and putting his arms on the back of the couch, presenting his ass to Marcus and Brad. Brad quickly pulled down Kyle's boxers while lubing up his cock with spit. He then pulled his shirt over his head so that he was completely naked, revealing a beautifully muscled torso with a light layer of hair around his pecs. 

Marcus also pulled his shirt off, revealing a smooth, muscular, sweaty body. He walked around to the other side of the couch and presented his cock to Kyle, who quickly took it into his mouth.

As I walked across the room, Brad lined his cock up against Kyle's hole and said, "You ready for this, slut?"

Kyle just moaned in the affirmative, still sucking Marcus's cock. I handed Liam his drink. He was still just sitting there, watching with a grin on his face. "Fuck him hard, guys," he said, then glanced at me, "Oh, thanks, Lucas, you can sit back down now." 

Liam took a sip of his drink while I started vigorously stroking my cock to the show they were putting on. I saw Brad's muscular ass push forward as he entered Kyle's ass. Kyle had to release Marcus's cock from his mouth to let out a groan in pain. "It's ok, slut," Brad said, "just take a second to get used to it."

"So fucking big," Kyle said. 

Marcus slapped him in the face with his cock. "Shut the fuck up and get back to sucking," he said aggressively.

Kyle complied as Brad started to slowly pull back out and then push back in. Soon enough, Kyle was moaning in pleasure in a way I had never heard from him. 

"Fuck, thanks for keeping this little bitch so tight, loser," Brad said to me with a laugh as he started pumping more quickly in and out of Kyle. 

Kyle again had to let Marcus's cock out of his mouth. "Ohhhh fuuuuuuck," he moaned, "your cock feels sooo...fucking...good..."

"Yeah, you ready to take it hard, you little slut?" Brad asked. He grabbed the back of Kyle's head by his hair with one hand and his waist with the other and started really pounding in and out of his ass. As he did, Marcus walked back around to the other side of the couch.

After a minute of Brad's pounding, Marcus started pushing him aside, saying, "All right, all right, stop hogging him, it's my turn." 

"Oh, god, yes, please fuck me with that big dick, I need it so bad," Kyle begged Marcus as Brad pulled out and stepped to the side. 

Marcus pushed the first couple inches of his dick into Kyle's ass. Kyle quickly pushed back until he was taking the whole thing. Marcus laughed. "Holy shit, bro, this slut needs it bad, look at him back up on my meat," he said to Brad. "He can't get enough." 

It was all I could do to keep from cumming as I stroked myself. Liam had just been drinking his cocktail and watching, but now I saw him peel his tank top off. He stood up to unbutton his tight shorts and started sexily wiggling back and forth to pull them down. 

"Looks like he's not the only one," Brad said, grinning. "I was wondering when you were gonna join the fun, Liam." 

"Yeah, I held out as long as I could to let Kyle enjoy you both," Liam said, "but now I need to get fucked." He pulled his underwear down and got in position next to Kyle. 

"Fuck yes, two little bitches to fuck and one to refresh our drinks," Brad said triumphantly as he pressed his cock into Liam's smooth, tight, 18-year-old hole. He then chugged down his beer, crinkled up the can, and tossed it at me. "Come on, bring me another."

Kyle and Liam both laughed at this, then leaned toward each other to make out while they got fucked by these two studs. 

I picked up the empty can from the floor and walked back to the kitchen, keeping my eyes on Marcus and Brad's beautiful, sweaty bodies. I wished I could bend over and get fucked by one or both of them as well, but I knew Liam would never allow it. 

When I came out of the kitchen with the beer, I saw that Brad and Marcus had switched, with Brad returning to fucking Kyle and Marcus pounding Liam. I handed Brad his beer, then sat back down and started stroking again.

I watched as they continued to fuck, moving into different positions and switching back and forth regularly. Kyle and Liam were clearly in heaven as they got the fucking of their lives. Eventually, Liam was lying on his back on one of the couch, his legs spread in the air in a V, his ass propped up on the armrest while Brad fucked him. Marcus was sitting down next to Liam's head while Kyle rode his cock up down, facing me so that I could see his toned torso and his hard cock bouncing up and down. 

"Yeah, bounce up and down on that big dick, slut," Marcus was saying, grabbing him tightly by the waist. 

"Fuuuuuuuck, Marcus," Kyle said, his moans hitting a new register that let me know he was getting close. "Yes...yes...yesssss...I'm cumminnnnnngggggg!" he cried as he lightly stroked his dick. He started shooting load after load all over his sweaty chest and abs. 

Liam looked up and saw this, and it clearly set him off too. As Brad pounded harder and harder, Liam started moaning and squealing, then started shooting all over himself. Brad quickly pulled out and gave his cock a couple strokes before adding his load to Liam's. Marcus, meanwhile, let out a guttural groan and I could tell he was cumming inside Kyle's ass. Kyle then lifted himself off Marcus's cock and sat down next to him.

After a few moments of them catching their breath, Liam turned his head and looked over at me with a smirk. He curled his finger in a "come here" gesture.

I was so embarrassed to be doing this in front of these two guys I didn't know, but I also couldn't resist. I scrambled over to kneel on the floor in front of the couch and started hungrily lapping up Brad and Liam's loads off of Liam's smooth little body. 

"Jesus Christ, he really is a little bitch," Brad said, who had plopped down in a nearby chair.

"Make sure you get it all, you fucking loser," Marcus said, laughing. He looked so sexy sitting there with a thin layer of sweat glistening on his body. 

I quickly finished cleaning off Liam's body and moved to Kyle's, lapping up the enormous load Kyle had sprayed all over himself. I sucked the cum off Kyle's now limp dick, then moved down to lap up the cum oozing out of his ass. Everybody watched in amazement at how willing I was to debase myself, but I just had to have it all. As I heard them all start to laugh, I couldn't hold back anymore and started to cum, shooting little spurts onto the floor. 

"Ok, thanks Lucas, I think we've had enough of your services for today," Liam said, still laughing. He stood up and faced the others. "What do you say we take this to the bedroom for round 2?"

The others eagerly agreed, standing up and walking to the bedroom, leaving me on my knees next to the couch, a small puddle of my cum on the floor. It wasn't long before I started hearing moaning and pounding from the bedroom.