 I work for a software company and they sent me on a business trip to Dallas. I had no choice but to accept the job. When I got home I told my wife Sharon that I had to go away on a business trip for two weeks. 

That night we had one of the most amazing nights we'd ever had. Sharon and I did about every sex position possible. 

When I came out of the bathroom from my shower Sharon was already in bed. Without a word, I walked over to the bed, my cock getting harder with each step. I pulled back the sheet and slid in beside her. Sharon's pale blue nightie was sheer and I could see there was no bra strap but she was wearing panties, the same shade of light blue. I reached for her shoulder and turned her toward me. 

Her eyes opened as I pulled her close and kissed her, my mouth devouring hers. My tongue flicking hers as I gently nibbled her lower lip. My hand moved to her breast, kneading them through the silken material of her nightie. As I held its warm, fullness in my hand, I felt her nipple get hard. Grinning, I tweaked it between my thumb and forefinger. My cock was now full and hard and pressing against her leg. 

As usual Sharon played hard to get, pulling away from my mouth and saying, "Stop. We can't do this. The children will hear." 

"Oh yes we can," I said feeling like a speeding train and nothing was going to stop me. 

Gently, hesitantly, I kissed Sharon again, her soft lips press against mine, smooth, warm, alive. I squeezed her breast, making her moan "Uum." We kiss again and again. Sharon's arms tighten around my neck as I held her tight in my embrace, my arms slowly caressing her back. "Please stop," Sharon murmured but there was no conviction in her voice.

I moved my hand up under Sharon nightie and down under the front of her panties to her pussy. Even though her legs tight together, my fingers rubbed her full bush and one of my finger slipping between her delicate lips. 

"Please honey! Don't!" But again there was no conviction. 

"You know we want it." 

I was breathing hard but still calm and focused as I kissed her again. This time Sharon relaxed and kissed me back. I moved my hand away from her wet pussy back to her breast, pulling her nightie up and cupped her other breast, squeezing and rubbing her nipple. 

Now Sharon was breathing faster. I kissed her again, this time pushing my tongue in her mouth and she responded, kissing me back, a full deep lovers' kiss. Her hands went around my neck and down my back and then up again. I grabbed the hem and pulled her nightie up and off. Hooking my thumbs in the waistband, I slid her pretty blue panties down. She lifted her hips a little to help me. If her panties had snagged I think I would have ripped them off. 

Kneeling between Sharon outstretched legs with my cock touching her slit, I leaned forward and let my weight softly down on her. I could feel her soft flesh, her warm belly and her coarse pubic hair against me and her breasts against my chest. 

I kissed her again, and her resistance was gone. "Oh god," Sharon said as she rubbed my body with hers, sort of up and down and back and forth, in a kind of circle, feeling my cock massaging her pussy lips. 

I kissed her again and Sharon kissed me back hard, our lips meeting and igniting our bodies in flames. As our lips and tongues danced to each other's passions, her hands now around my back and neck, pulling me to her. Passion and tenderness gave way to heated lust, both bodies screaming for satisfaction and release. Opening her legs, Sharon moaned, "Ohhgodyes, Baby, hurry fuck me."

Her body still pinned beneath me, my throbbing cock found her moist, lubricated slit. With a single thrust I was fully inside her, filling her completely. My balls pressed hard against her ass as I held myself within her, the hot, tight confines of her pussy threatening to suck the cum out of me prematurely. 

With great effort, I withheld my release, drawing away from her slowly, then brutally thrusting into her once more. Sharon's fingers tightly griped my upper arms, her nails digging into my flesh, her head thrown back as heavy groans of ecstasy escaped her sweet pink lips. Over and over, I thrust into her, thrusting harder and faster each time. Sweat ran from my body, dropping onto her steamy flesh and trickling down her sides onto the sheets. 

With a deep groan, I suddenly sat up and sat back on my heels as I pulled my cock out of Sharon's pussy. She immediately started moaning in discomfort and begged me to keep fucking her. 

Kissing her hard as I did, I grabbed her ankles and spun her round face down on the bed. As always, I was fascinated by the sight Sharon's smooth round tight little bottom. With a contended purr, I moved even closer to get a better view. 

With one hand holding Sharon firmly down, and with the other I ran my fingers along her slit. I was smooth shaven and wet with lust and her orgasmic juices. She gasped when I pushed a finger inside her.

Gripping my cock, I ran it between her butt cheeks, down over her ass-hole and on down to her wet slit. As I rubbed the head up and down Sharon' looked over her shoulder at me and moaned, "Please fuck me."

I guided my hard cock back between her butt cheeks and drove it hard into her wet puss as far in as it would go. Sharon jerked up and moaned aloud, as I pulled out to the head and drove it back in even harder. Then I took a handful of her long mane in my fist and jerked her head back as I thrust my cock into her again and again. With every powerful stroke Sharon moaned louder, urging me to fuck her harder and to spank her. I let go of her hair and used my hands to firmly smack her naked butt with each stroke. 

When Sharon begged me to fuck her harder, I grabbed her hips hard enough to leave bruises and pulled her towards me. Then I fucked her like a machine, pumping in and out until my cock had rubbed every inch of her tight pussy. 

I wanted to please her, so I reached around her lean hips and found her clit with one fingertip. As soon as I touched it, Sharon's pussy clamped even tighter in a spasm of hot response. Then I rubbed her clit while I continued to ream her pussy with steady powerful strokes of my hard cock. Her feverish response to the thrust of my cock and the feel of my finger on her clit made it easy to read her body's needs. Her arms suddenly collapsed in the storm of arousal, her face falling onto the sheet and the angle of my cock rubbing the velvety walls of her pussy became unbearably exciting. 

I increased the speed of my fingers on her clit and gritted my teeth as my balls tried to discharge too soon. 

Sharon was whimpering for joy, unable to coherently complete the sounds of her pleasure. And then suddenly her butt pushed urgently back against my crotch. Strangled gasps escaped her lips as her pussy franticly squeezed my cock as her body trembled in orgasm. 

She pushed me over the edge. I could barely suppress a scream of ecstasy as my scalding hot cum boiled up in my balls and flooded Sharon's pussy. We quivered together in a storm of shared ecstasy. Spent I collapsed, spent onto her back. Exhausted we slept the sleep of the dead.

The next morning to avoid the parking problem, I took a taxi to the airport and in five hours was in Dallas checking into the Sheraton DFW Airport Hotel on John Carpenter Freeway in Irving. 

As soon as I got to my room I called the front desk and ask for a massage to help me sleep. In less than an hour there was a knock at the door. When I opened it there was a guy standing there. He said, "You asked for a massage sir," 

I was kind of hoping for a lady but I suppose he'd have to do for now so I replied, "Yes I did." 

He came in and as he set up his massage table he said, "My name is Maurice." 

"Hi, Maurice. My name is Charles," I returned as I got ready for the massage from the nice well-built man. He had the kinda of muscles that I dream about. Like the baldheaded Mr. Clean in the commercials. He was even wearing white slacks and tight white t-shirt.

Maurice asked, "Do you want the towel or not?" 

"No," I replied. "We're two guys and we have the same equipment."

With a sigh, I laid face down on the table and Maurice started to rube lotion on my back and legs. As he rubbed the inside of my thighs he got close to my cock. And as he continued to rub he got closer and closer until he just barely touched it. I felt kind of weird but somehow it felt right. 

After he was done with my back side Maurice said, "Turn over so I can work your front." 

As I turned over it happened. I was so embarrassed to see it happening but I was unable to stop it. Once my cock was rock hard, Maurice looked at it for a couple of seconds and then he said, "I can take care of that for you if you'd like sir," 

Butterflies in my stomach because I'd never done anything like this before, I murmured, "OK, do what you need to do," 

Maurice wrapped his fingers around my cock and started slowly stroking it. He stroked it a few times and then I felt him taking my cock in his mouth. Awed, I watched as the head of my cock disappeared between his lips and then as those lips tightened around my thick shaft.

When Maurice started sucking my cock and it was a wonderful feeling, not like when my wife Sharon sucked it. She was good but Maurice really knew what he was doing. It's difficult to find a girl who loves sucking cock. I mean really loves it like a male cocksucker does. Things like getting messy with it. Spitting on it. Taking it balls deep until they're gagging on it. Most of the time if they are even willing to give you a blowjob, it's like you can tell from the expression on their face that this wasn't really what they want to do for pleasure. 

Don't get me wrong. I love it when Sharon sucks my cock but I'm only partly satisfied even though she lets me cum in her mouth and she swallows. 

Even if Sharon was enjoying herself, five minute blowjobs to me are pointless. That's just getting me warmed up. It's almost like maybe the only reason she's doing it is because she's expecting oral in return. I don't mind going down on Sharon and taking my time. I enjoy it, even rimming on occasion. 

As I said, when Maurice leaned over and slowly took my cock in his mouth, he knew what he was doing. I let out an, "ahh," as my cock if possible got harder in his mouth. He freed it and started to slowly lick the head and tongued around the head and flicking the frenulum, that little piece of skin on the underside that connects the head to shaft. My cock danced and flexed with each flick of his supple tongue. 

I stared in awe as Maurice encircled the head with his lips and slowly took inch by inch of my seven inches of hard cock into his mouth all the way down to my balls. I let out another, "ahh," and grabbed the back of his head and started moving my hips and fucking his mouth. I moaned and muttered, "Ohhgodyes suck me man." 

Cock stiff as a lead pipe, I arched my hips and held his head as I buried my cock to my balls in his mouth. As I released his head, Maurice started a slow steady rhythm of one pump after another for a good ten or fifteen minutes. My moans got louder and my pumping more erratic when the head of my cock started to swell my balls drew up. 

Almost too low to hear I whimpered, "I'm gonna cum," and started quivering and holding Maurice's head as pushed my cock deep into his mouth just as a thick warm blast of cum hit the back of his throat. I held his head still and arched my hips and pushed my cock even deeper into his mouth and held still as I unloaded my balls in my mouth. 

Unlike with Sharon, I felt the swell and flex of each shot. I counted six squirts and then a warm flow that Maurice was barely able to swallow. I was moaning and going, "ah, ah, ah," the whole time. I eventually calmed down and let go of Maurice's head. 

When my shrinking cock slipped out of his mouth I felt that I need to do something for Maurice to thank him for what he'd just done. I sat up on the side of the massage table and reached out and felt Maurice's rock hard pecs through his snow white t-shirt. I felt his nipples stiffen as I slowly lowered my hand down to his wash board abs. grabbing the hem I raised the t-shirt up and off over his head. 

He tried to give me a kiss so to avoid him I leaned forward and started sucking his now stiff nipples. As I suck his nipples Maurice kicked off his white Hush Puppies,

As I nibbled on down his body my hands instinctively went to his belt and unbuckled it. Hand shaking from anticipation I unzipped his pants. They were so tight that I had to slid off the massage table to my feet and use both hands to get them off his hips and down his legs to his ankles. Going to my knees, as Maurice lifted first one foot and then the other, I pulled his pants completely off. 

I raised my face and I was looking at his cock. It was so close I could see his little pee-hole pucker slightly with the beat of his heart, I was pleased to note that Maurice neither shaved or manscaped. Instead he had a big thick clump of curly black pubic hair. And out of that thick bush jutted a man-sized cock. It was all of seven maybe eight inches and with enough heft to fill my mouth. When I pulled back his foreskin he had one of those pinkish/purple heads that were bigger than the shaft. 

Taking him in my mouth, I started to suck. Lips clamped tight around his thick shaft I started moving my head. On each down stroke I could feel the big head bumping the back of my throat. Just when I was getting a rhythm Maurice pulled me to my feel and the next thing I know we were on the bed with his thick cock back in my mouth. 

After a few minutes of this, without breaking the rhythm of my mouth on his cock, Maurice shifted his body around on top of me and took my cock in his mouth. This was about as hot as it could get, his big hairy balls rubbing my forehead and his hard cock in my mouth. He was swallowing the full length of my cock. Neither of us said a word, and without warning, we were both moaning and cumming at the same time. It was perfect timing as we shot deep into each other's mouths. That was the best sex I ever remember having. 

Then Maurice grabbed some lube out of his bag and lubed up his cock. As he was lubing it up he said, "I want to fuck you in the ass."

Never having been fucked before, I reluctantly said, "OK. But this is my first time." 

I turned around and Maurice let lotion dripped on the crack of my ass. He started massaging my butt cheeks and crack and then he separated my butt cheeks and poured lotion on my asshole. He started to massage my butthole with his middle finger. Then he pushed his finger in and started an in and out motion. I was moving with him, meeting his finger motion in the opposite direction. I'll never forget that first feeling. Maurice stopped and asked, "Are you ready?"

I asked, "Is our position OK?"

"No," Maurice said, "You'd better get on all fours."

As soon as I did I felt the head of his cock between my butt checks and was a little scared. I didn't know what I was going to feel. Maurice tried to enter me slowly but my sphincter was tense so wouldn't let him in. He didn't say anything, he just kept pushing and then he suddenly popped through. I had tears in my eyes. The pain was excruciating. I didn't think I could take it. Maurice was way too thick. He was ripping me apart, but he kept pushing. 

He stopped suddenly. The pain disappeared for a second and then he started pushing again. He was moaning and told me that I was so tight. 

I told him, "Hold on a second. Please be gentle with me."

He paused, then pulled out all the way to my sphincter and it felt amazing. Then he quickly drove all seven inches back in. this time all the way to his balls. I remember how painful yet at the same time how good it felt. Then he grabbed my hips and started fucking me with abandon like my ass was a nice pussy. After five minutes of fucking me he shot his load deep into my ass. 

After that night I asked for Maurice every evening I was there and I even got to fuck him before I left for home. I'd never been happier on a business trip.

Unfortunately I was never sent back to Dallas. But I was sent to other cities, one of which had a couple of adult bookstores. One with viewing booths and glory holes. But that's another story.