 This is my first attempt at writing gay fiction. I have written several transsexual stories which have been published online, but this is my first male-on-male story. Because I like to learn and grow from experience, I appreciate any constructive criticism, positive or negative.

Also, I have decided to try including a synopsis for the first time to give the reader a glimpse at what to expect from my story. This way, if you're not interested, you don't have to read the entire thing.

Synopsis: This story involves two high school friends, now both in college, who are compelled by circumstances to share a bed after a late-night party. Sexual talk awakens hidden desires in the two boys and they begin to experiment, gradually becoming more and more bold as their passions awaken their homosexual desires... 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

-1-

It was nearly 4:00 AM and I was beginning to feel tired. With a yawn, I glanced around my friend Jason's living room, just to see if anyone was still paying attention to the old movie on TV. My friend Pat was asleep on the couch, breathing evenly. Apparently, he'd been asleep for a while. My friend Ron was asleep on the floor. Well, maybe "asleep" is a poor choice of words. He was passed out, drunk. So was a girl I didn't know. Realizing I was the only one awake in the room, and I had no real reason to be there, I turned off the television and left, flipping the light switch as I did, and shutting the door.

The lower floor of Jason's house looked like a disaster zone. People were asleep in every conceivable spot. Empty liquor bottles and other assorted garbage littered the kitchen, including my friend Dan, who was passed out on the floor. 

Jason, like me, was home for college on spring break and his parents were away on vacation. In their absence, he decided to have a massive blowout, inviting everyone we knew from our high school days and their friends to his house, providing plenty of alcohol and marijuana to go around. But now Jason and his girlfriend were locked away in his room. Dan was asleep. Everyone I knew was either passed out downstairs or had gone home for the evening. There was nothing for me to do, but fall asleep.

The only available room in the house was Jason's parents' room. I felt a little awkward sleeping in their bed, but there was no way I was going to sleep on the hardwood floor, surrounded my drunks I didn't even know. Without knocking, or even thinking to knock, I walked into the master bedroom.

"Hey James," said a voice from the room, startling me. At first, I was afraid I had walked in on two people going at it, but it was only my friend John, sitting on the corner of the bed, taking off his socks.

"Hey John," I replied. "What's up?"

"I was just about to go to bed," he replied. "I was hoping I could crash here but it looks like you've already stolen it, so I'll go see if there's a spot of floor available downstairs."

"Well..." he said, looking at the bed behind him. "I guess we could share the bed."

"That's alright," I said, thinking it was a weird suggestion.

"I'm serious," said John. "It's a huge bed so it's not like we'll be on top of each other. Plus it's better than having to sleep on the floor."

I had to admit that he was right on both points. The bed was large enough to accommodate both of us comfortably and a shared bed was better than no bed at all. Granted, I would have rather shared it with a hot chick, but I was tired, and not in a mood to complain. I agreed to share the bed as John removed his other sock.

-2-

I went to the bathroom to take a piss before bed. When I came back, John was wearing only a t-shirt and jeans, watching a late weather report on the television. I took a moment to look at my friend. He was as tall as me, with short brown hair, and green eyes. He was in good shape, with a handsome face, and a body most girls found attractive. I knew this last part based on how many girls he slept with on a regular basis. He attended the same school as Jason and was likewise on his spring break.

When he sensed me return, John turned off the television, and put the remote on the night table. We looked at me and I looked at him. We shared a little awkward moment where we both removed our pants, then climbed into bed wearing only our t-shirts and boxer shorts. We turned out the light and settled in to go to sleep.

It wasn't long, however, before we began to chat. Maybe we weren't entirely comfortable sleeping together and were attempted to delay it as long as possible, or maybe we just weren't as tired as we thought. We talked for a while about school, and about what we might do afterward, then about girls. John, as usual, was nailing a steady stream while I was content with the occasional fooling around.

"So did you and Rachel hook up?" I asked, referring to a female friend of ours. "Jason said you did."

"Sort of," he said, chuckling mysteriously.

"What do you mean, 'sort of'?" I asked.

"Well, you know how Rachel's really tiny?" he asked, and I nodded in response. "The thing is," he continued, "she was a bit TOO tiny."

"Oh no..." I said, sensing what was coming.

"Unfortunately," he said. "We tried to have sex, but I couldn't get it in her without hurting her, so we had to give up eventually."

"It's really that big, huh?" I said.

John nodded. By this time, the room was still dark, but there was enough moonlight coming from behind the blinds that we could see. John and I were both on our sides, facing one another, which made it easier to talk. I noticed that, as the conversation had gone on, we had somehow moved closer to one another than when the conversation had began.

"It's hot in here," I mentioned.

"Yeah," said John. "I'm gonna sleep on top of the blankets."

John crawled out from underneath the covers and I did the same. He extended his long legs, stretching them, and then folded his hands on his stomach. My eyes drifted curiously to his boxer shorts. How big could it be? I wondered. Suddenly, I noticed a bulge in his shorts, and my heart skipped a beat. My mouth and eyes widened. I tried to pretend I had seen anything, but John wasn't fooled.

"Do you want to see it?" he asked in a very plain voice.

I didn't know how to react, so I blurted out the truth: "Sure."

John looked at me for a moment, then reached down to his crotch. He unbuttoned the front of his boxers and his fingers slipped in. He hesitated for a moment, breathing nervously, and then pulled out his cock, which had to be at least eight-inches, still limp. I stared at his circumsized penis in awe. It was bigger than I had imagined, nearly as long as my forearm, and very thick. 

"God..." I breathed.

He laughed nervously. "How big is yours?"

"Not that big," I said.

"Come on," he said. "Let me see."

My chest seized up when he suggested it. I was not ashamed of my penis size, but his was so big, it only added embarrassment to the thought. I'd seen other men's dicks before, but in locker rooms or porno movies, not lying in bed with another guy late at night. But, he had shown me his.

My boxers didn't have a button or any kind of hole in the front, so I hooked my thumbs under the elastic waistband, and arched my back, pulling my boxers about half-way down my thighs, and then I lay on my back. My cock, like his, was circumized, but it was only about five inches limp. It got bigger as it got harder, but it wasn't as impressive as his.

"It's nice," he said. "You have nothing to worry about."

"Thanks," I said.

We both lay on our backs for a while, not saying anything, but neither of us made any move to cover ourselves up. A million, unexplainable thoughts were going through my head. I'd never fantasized about being with another guy, but the idea didn't repulse me either. His dick was so big, and so perfectly-shaped, I would have almost called it beautiful. So John and I lay there for a few minutes, staring at the ceiling when not taking peeks at one another, our dicks out in the open.

John stirred next to me. Without either of us speaking, I turned my head to look at him, as he moved on to his side, propped up on his elbow. His hand moved cautiously across the bed until it was inches from my hip, then stopped. He looked into my eyes, but I gave him no discernable response. Feeling emboldened, he reached up and put his hand on my stomach, just above my pubic hair. Once again, he tried to gauge my response. His hand moved slowly down my stomach and through my bush. It rested gently on my cock. Once again, he took my lack of response as a good sign, and wrapped his fingers around my shaft, squeezing it slightly.

"John," I said quietly, "stop..."

He immediately became embarrassed and jerked his hand away.

"I was just... I was..." he said.

I reached down and grabbed the waistband of my boxer shorts again. I lifted my legs, sliding them down to my ankles, and then kicking them off, where they landed on the floor beside the bed. John smiled and his hand moved back to my cock, this time without the hesitation. He held my dick firmly in his large hand and began to stroke it slowly.

-3-

As John slowly stroked my cock up and down, it became rock hard on his hand. I knew I should be shocked out our behavior, but it felt so good being jerked off by another person that I didn't resist. He began to jerk more rapidly, testing my limits. My legs stretched involuntarily and my toes curled. I even let out a soft whimper as my male friend gave me the most amazing handjob of my life. His grip tightened and he began to pump rhythmically until beads of sweat appeared on my forehead and I could barely keep quiet.

John began to move next to me and pulled his hand away from my cock, much to my disappointment, until I saw what he was doing. John stripped off his boxer shorts and tossed them away, letting his big dick sit in the breeze. Again, I was captivated by it. John moved again, scooting along on the bed, until our bare legs were touching. He put his arm around my shoulder, and I put my arm around his. We both smiled at each other, and simultaneously reached for the other's dick.

As my friend's penis became engorged, it became even bigger, and I could barely get my hand around it. I stroked him as hard as he had stroked me until we were synchronized in our efforts. As he brought me closer and closer to orgasm, my hand clenched his shoulder tightly, trying to keep control. Despite what we were doing, I felt embarrassed about ejaculating in front of him, and wondering how he would react.

"Do you want to try something else?" I asked, interrupting. John stopped jerking me and I narrowly avoided an orgasm.

"What?" he asked.

"I wanna try sucking on it," I said, "if you want me to."

"OK," he said.

"OK."

I spent a minute or so trying to get adjusted into a good, comfortable position with easy access to his cock, which was now at its full height, ragingly hard. Finally, I leaned over his thighs with my elbow on the mattress, his legs under my arm, and my legs running almost parallel to his body with my feet near his head.

I leaned my head slowly towards his dick, getting my first close-up look at a real human penis. It gave off a strong, musky smell of skin and sweat. Veins, thick and thin, traced up just beneath the skin to the engorged mushroom tip at the end. I looked up at John and he was watching me with a strange mix of anxiety and fascination. He could probably tell I was nervous as well. John's hand came crawling up my thigh and he began to juggle my balls in his palm, encouraging me to proceed.

Once again I leaned in, but this time I took his cock in my hand, and pressed it against my cheek. It was surprisingly warm. Still holding it in my hand, I kissed the side of the shaft, feeling the hard muscle beneath. I kissed it again, this time higher than before. As I kissed the tip, John gave a slight moan, and began stroking my cock as he closed his eyes and let the sensation overtake him.

Feeling brave, I opened my mouth, and inserted John's cock into my mouth, barely able to comprehend that I was about to give another man a blowjob, and then my lips were around the head. I bathed it in my saliva, running my tongue all over it, encouraging by the sounds of John's heavy breathing. I swallowed as much dick as I could, which wasn't nearly all of it, and covered as much as I could with my spit for lubrication. I pulled the warm muscle from my mouth and began to lick up and down the side of the shaft, trying to get it all wet, occasionally pausing to jerk him off for several seconds at a time.

The scent of his manhood filled my nostrils and the blood was pumping through my head, filling me with strange desires and fantasies. Overwhelmed by it all, I moved until I was on my hands and knees, straddling John's legs. I began licking up and down the underside of his cock like a dog, flicking my tongue occasionally where I could tell he was most sensitive. I licked down to his scrotum, where I bathed his sack in my spit as well, even daring to take one of his nuts in my mouth, although I was ever-cautious of applying too much pressure.

As I went back to sucking hard on John's dick, I began rubbing my hands up and down his chest, underneath his shirt and down to his hips, which were now thrusting forward to put as much meat in my mouth as possible. I sensed he was coming close to an orgasm, and I didn't want this to be over quite yet. I relented with my mouth and slid up his body, until I was sitting on his upper-thighs, with our cocks aligned. I took both in my hand and began to slowly stroke us together.

As I jerked us off with one hand, and continued rubbing the smooth skin around his hip bones with my other hand, I looked up at my friend. He was watching me intensely and obviously enjoying the physical part, but I wondered how he was feeling inside. I dared to crack a smile at him, not a joking smile, or a stupid grin, but just a friendly smile to let him know I was enjoying this, and it was alright for him to enjoy it as well. John smiled back and I felt relieved. I let go of our dicks and leaned forward, placing a hand on each side of his head to support myself. I leaned in close, until our faces were inches apart.

"Hi," I said.

"Hi," he replied.

With both smiled again. I took one last look, closed my eyes, and kissed him. At first, he was unresponsive, but then he began to kiss me back, pressing our lips together tightly. We broke for a second to take a breath, then kissed again. John grabbed me and pulled my body against his. He hugged me tightly as our lips parted slowly and we each allowed the other's tongue inside, exploring curiously. I had kissed girls before, but no woman ever kissed like this. We continued to grind together as we made out. I don't know how long it lasted and I don't care. Eventually, however, the kiss ended. I rolled off John and lay beside him.

"That was a new experience..." he said, finally breaking the silence.

"It was a first for me too," I told him.

"But good?" he asked hesitantly.

"Very good," I told him.

"I don't believe this was your first time," he said. "You sucked me better than my girlfriend does. There's no way you could get that good without practice."

"Honest to God," I told him. "But I'm glad you enjoyed it. Maybe you're as good as me. Or better."

"Should I try?" he asked.

"If you want to," I replied.

"You wanna try sixty-nine?"

"Yeah, that sounds cool."

I swung my legs around so that John and I were lying beside our another, heads pointing in opposite directions. We were each lying on our side, with the other's cock in front of our faces. His cock had grown slightly limp in the past few minutes, but I was determined to change that. I began sucking on the tip as John hesitated, unsure of how to proceed.

"Just imagine what you'd like done to your dick, and do it to mine," I told him, pulling back long enough to speak before going back to work.

"Alright..." he said.

I felt a warm, wet caress against the tip of my cock as John's tongue slid out and flicked against it. I shuddered in ecstasy as I felt his mouth clothing around my dick and felt the pressure as he began to suck. After my initial system shock wore off, I went back to sucking my friend as he ate every inch of my erect penis with ease.

As I sucked, I practiced as well, seeing how much of his huge member I could take into my mouth without gagging. I was nearly up to seven inches as I felt a familiar pressure building up near the top of my dick. John's head continued to pump up and down on my shaft as he sucked it harder and harder, faster and faster. I began licking his balls as he sucked my cock, loving the tickle of his scrotum hairs against my tongue. Finally, I was on the verge of blowing my load.

"Wait," I said, "I'm gonna cum."

"Me too," he replied with a whisper.

"Hang on..."

I turned my body once again, until we were laying beside one another. In unison, we put our arms around the other's shoulders and began to jerk ourselves off. I gripped his arm tightly as I neared my climax. Finally, I felt the surge and I could contain it no longer. A huge stream of hot, white cum shot out of my cock, splashing up my shirt, nearly to my neck. I looked at John, but he was on his own world, masturbating furiously as I watched. His hips bucked, his back arched, and he spurted as well, perhaps even more than me. 

We both laid back, panting heavily, staring at the ceiling, and milking the last drops of semen from our spent orgasms. We lay there silently, still holding one another, neither sure how to react. I was secretly worried the climactic rush would make John think he'd made a mistake.

"We'd better get cleaned up," he said.

"Yeah," I replied.

John climbed out of bed and walked straight towards the bathroom. I watched him walk, admiring his firm ass, figuring he would slam the door and that would be the end of that. But, I received yet another surprise in a night of many surprises. John turned around and realized what I was staring at.

"Are you coming or not?" he asked with a mischievous smile.

"I just did," I told him.

John laughed and I hopped out of bed, practically running towards the bathroom to stand beside him. We both looked ourselves in the mirror, naked from the waist down, cocks hanging proudly in front of us, shirts covered with jizz.

"Well, I guess this needs to be washed," said John.

I looked over as John removed his t-shirt, revealing a hard chest with just the right amount of hair. He tossed the shirt on the floor and I repeated his move until we were both standing buck-naked in front of the mirror, admiring one another in the light. I even stole another peek at his butt.

"What now?" I asked, tossing an arm over his shoulders.

"I don't know," he said. "We do need to get cleaned up."

"Well, how about..."

I nodded towards the bathroom shower.

"Shall we?"

To be continued... 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Here is a sample from my next story, "Life of James – Chapter 2"...

"As the steam surrounded me and the hot water coursed down my back, I felt John's hands on my shoulders, massaging them. I leaned back, turning my head and closing my eyes, opening my lips slightly for a kiss, which he gave me eagerly. The kiss broke and I leaned forward, bracing myself with my hands against the tiles. 

John knelt down behind me in the water. I felt each of his large hands grab one of my buttcheeks and knead them gently for a minute or so. Then, he pulled them gently apart, exposing my brown hole. My heart was beating wildly. A blowjob was one thing, but allowing another guy to finger and lick my asshole was something I'd never even conceived of before. I felt a slight pinch as he pressed the tip of his finger against my hole. I held my breath as slowly, almost painfully, he slid his finger into my butt..." 