 Synopsis: This story is a follow-up to “Life of James – Chapter 1”, in which two male college friends were forced to share a bed following a late-night party and ended up experimenting with oral sex and sixty-nine. This continuation involving the continued experimentation of James and John as they move into the shower together and begin to experiment with anal play and more . . .

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

-4-

So far, this had been one of the most enjoyable, and by far the strangest, night of my entire life. My friend Jason had thrown a party and, long after the festivities had died down, I’d needed a bed to sleep in for the night. As it turned out, the only available bed was Jason’s parents’ bed, under the condition that I was willing to share it with my friend John. He agreed. I agreed, and we settled down for a long winter’s nap.

That was when the conversation started, beginning on mundane subjects, moving on to sex, until I awkwardly broached the subjects of John’s penis – and how big I’d heard it was. In a moment of bravery, John asked if I wanted to see it, and I agreed. Out came the biggest dick I’d ever seen. Well, you can imagine how it went from there. Talking lead to showing, showing led to touching, touching led to handjobs, handjobs led to blowjobs, blowjobs led to sixty-nine . . .

And here we were. After a nervous hour of sexual experimentation, the two of us were in Jason’s parents’ bathroom, stripped completely, waiting for the shower water to warm up. I had my arm around his shoulders and we were smiling together into the mirror, like two friends posing for a picture after graduation, but with our cocks hanging out instead of tassles on our caps.

“So you’ve really never done anything like this before?” he asked, still looking at us in the mirror.

“Nope,” I said. “Never.”

“I don’t believe you,” said John. “You’re too damn good. You must have experience.”

“Speak for yourself, man,” I said, chuckling. “Why should I believe you’ve never done this before?”

“You’ve got a point,” he said.

I reached down and began to stroke John’s cock with my free hand. He hissed a breath as I began to stroke him and soon, he was reaching for my cock as well. We stood together for a minute, practically hugging, as we jerked one another off, hearing the sound of falling water behind us. My mind was still having trouble processing it. An hour and a half ago, I’d be a normal, heterosexual guy who was forced by circumstance to share a bed with his normal, heterosexual friend. Now I was giving my friend a handjob and my biggest concern was how long it would be before his cock was in my mouth instead of my hand.

“I’m gonna check the water,” he breathed.

“Alright,” I answered, in an equal whisper.

John broke away from me and walked towards the shower. He opened the sliding glass door and leaned in to feel the water, testing its warmth. As he bent over, his firm, slightly hairy butt was pointed right at me. I reached out and began to caress it as he leaned over, rubbing my hand up and down his right cheek and then giving it a small squeeze. John stood up and turned to face me.

“What’s with you and my ass?” he asked, smiling.

“It’s cute,” I said.

“Let me feel yours,” he asked, and I nodded, turning around and putting both hands on the rim of the sink, bending slightly. 

John came and stood behind me. He put his hands on my back and ran his warm fingers down my spine, sending a tingle through my skin, until his hands finally reached my ass. His strong, powerful hands squeezed both of my cheeks, kneading them like dough for a few seconds. It felt wonderful, having rough male hands groping my body.

I turned around in John’s arms and closed my eyes, reaching around his waist to fondle his ass as he fondled mine. Our tongues mingled in our mouths as our dicks rubbed together and we squeezed, pulled, and rubbed one another’s buttcheeks. Overwhelmed with gay desire, I pulled him towards me, grinding my cock up and down against his, forcing my tongue deeper into his mouth. I don’t know how long we kissed, but our bodies were soon glistening from the steam filling the bathroom. Our kiss broke and we looked fondly into one another’s eyes.

“Let’s get wet,” he said.

“You already are,” I said, touching the wet spot of cum in his pubic hair.

He chuckled. “Come on. Ladies first.”

I gave a look of mock indignation and turned towards the shower. John gave my ass a playful slap and I stepped under the hot stream of water, making room for my new fuck buddy. He stepped in after me and shut the door. The cubicle was warm and filled with hot steam. Before I knew it, John and I were on one another again, kissing, rubbing, and caressing.

-5-

After a few moments of getting re-acquainted, John and I set about to washing one another clean with soap, rinsing ourselves clean of semen and sweat. We helped one another wash our hair, joking about how girly it was, then reminding one another that having sex with men was girly too. We both laughed.

Then I took the bar of soap in my hand and knelt down in front of John, so his eight inch cock was hanging down half a foot from my face. I began to kiss the veiny shaft as I rubbed the bar of soap between my hands, until there was a large build-up of lather. I gave the tip of his dick one last, short suckle and drew my face away.

I pressed my lather-covered hands against his scrotum and began rubbing his sack until it was covered with a rich, white lather. He turned around, presenting his butt to me, and I rubbed my hands in concentric circles over the two white, slightly-hairy globes of his ass. The water from the shower rolled down his spine and through his asscrack. Feeling brave, I slid my hand between his cheeks and soaped up the dark crevice. I spread his cheeks and allowed the water to wash away the suds, leaving a clean, brown hole. I rinsed his cock and his balls once he had turned to face me again.

Once it was done, John silently took my face in his hands and pulled me to my feet. He looked me in the eyes and gave me a sweet, soft kiss. We smiled at one another and he gave me a tiny bop on the nose with his finger.

“Turn around,” he said.

“Why?” I asked.

“Please?” 

Unaware of what he had in mind, but unbearable curious, I turned around and placed my palms against the shower wall, half-way between the faucets and the showerhead. 

As the steam surrounded me and the hot water coursed down my back, I felt John’s hands on my shoulders, massaging them. I leaned back, turning my head and closing my eyes, opening my lips slightly for a kiss, which he gave me eagerly. The kiss broke and I leaned forward, bracing myself with my hands against the tiles.

John knelt down behind me in the water. I felt each of his large hands grab one of my buttcheeks and knead them gently for a minute or so. Then, he pulled them gently apart, exposing my brown hole. My heart was beating wildly. A blowjob was one thing, but allowing another guy to finger and lick my asshole was something I’d never even conceived of before. I felt a slight pinch as he pressed the tip of his finger against my hole. I held my breath as slowly, almost painfully, he slid his finger into my butt.

It seemed to take forever. His finger crept up through my nether-regions until I felt the lump of his knuckle. The feeling of having something up my ass could only be compared to (I know it sounds gross) moving one’s bowels, only having something go in instead of out. But, like using the toilet when you really have to go, it was a pleasurable, relieving sensation.

John pulled his finger out and I panicked momentarily, wondering if everything would stay inside, and I did. After that, I allowed myself to relax as John continued fingering my ass. After a few minutes with one finger, he moved to two fingers, and then finally three.

By that point, I could barely control myself. The feeling was so exotic and delightful, yet naughty and dangerous, that I had pressed my cock against the wall and I was rubbing it up and down, moaning as I felt John digging inside me. Just when I thought I would have my second orgasm of the night, John pulled his fingers out. I turned around to face him, leaning my back on the wall, my knees too wobbly to trust.

“God . . .” was all I could say.

“How was that? You were groaning. I thought I might be hurting you,” he said.

“I was groaning alright,” I remarked with a chuckle. “It felt great, though. Thank you.”

“Do you want to get out here?” he asked.

“Sure,” I replied.

John stood up and washed off his fingers. I stepped out of the shower and began to dry myself with a towel I found hanging from a rack. John joined me a moment later, shutting off the water, and grabbing a towel of his own. We dried quietly and nonchalantly, like two teammates in a lockeroom, except our cocks were standing at full height and neither could resist frequent peeks.

-6-

Once we were dry, we returned to the bedroom without bothering to dress. I walked towards the bed first and stopped at the edge. I turned around just as John shoved me back. I landed on the mattress and bounced once before John was suddenly on top of me, straddling my waist, his cock pressing against my stomach.

John leaned down and kissed me fiercely. I couldn’t resist, nor would have if I could. Our tongues touched hesitantly, then began to mingle in one another’s mouths as we grew bolder and bolder, and the idea of French-kissing another boy became less taboo and more thrilling. John moved down slightly so our cocks were lined up and we began to grind them together between our bodies. It was John who broke the kiss and, looking deeply into my eyes, asked:

“Can I fuck you?”

“Like, put it in my butt?” I asked hesitantly.

“Yeah,” he answered.

“I don’t know . . .” I said.

“You don’t have to if you don’t want to,” John said. “I just want to try it.”

“We don’t have condoms,” I pointed out.

“Jason has some in his bathroom,” John said. “They’re in his medicine cabinet.”

“OK,” I said, and kissed him. “I’ll be right back.”

John climbed off me, someone reluctantly, and swung his legs around so he was sitting on the edge of the bed. I moved into the same position, next to him. He began to rub my back from my shoulders down to my butt and the feeling was comforting and warm. I gave him a kiss then reached down to the ground for my boxers to begin dressing for the trip down the hall.

“No,” he said plainly.

“No what?” I asked.

John put his hand on my thigh as I lifted my leg to dress. I lowered my foot to the floor again.

“Do it naked,” he said, now grinning at me like a devil.

“Are you crazy?!” I exclaimed, half-convinced he was and half-excited by the dare.

“Yes, but that’s beside the point,” John said. “Come on. Everyone is asleep. They’ll never even notice you went in there.”

“The things I do to please my man,” I said, rolling my eyes, and John laughed.

I stood up and John followed me to the door. I unlocked it slowly, making as little noise as possible, and opened the door a crack to peer into the dark hallway. It was empty and silent. When I listened hard enough, I could hear breathing in the next room, loud and rhythmic like snoring.

Mustering up all my courage, I stepped out of the room, into the hallway. Naked from head to toe, I crept down the hallway and into Jason’s bathroom, feeling incredibly nervous and excited. I shut the door quietly and found the condoms in the medicine cabinet. I took out two and sneaked out of the bathroom, then practically ran down the hall. The door was closed and I momentarily feared John had locked me out in some sick prank, but the knob turned easily, and I stepped back into our little love nest.

“Got ‘em?” he asked.

“Got ‘em,” I said, holding the condoms up.

“Excellent,” he said. “Now come here . . .”

John was laying on his side in bed. I locked the door and dove into the bed next to him. We kissed, pressing our bodies together, our limbs becoming entangled as we groped one another, feeling for each unexplored inch of skin.

-7-

“Ready?” John asked me, whispering in my ear.

“Yeah,” I told him.

“Lie on your back,” he said.

I obeyed my lover’s command, turning on my back and scooting to the center of the bed. I watched as John took one of the condom’s from its package and quickly put it in place over his dick. I rubbed his thigh as he did, eagerly anticipating feeling his beautiful cock inside my hungry ass.

He walked on his knees towards my butt as I lifted my legs into the air, grabbing the backs of my knees. John didn’t begin fucking me right away, however. First, he wanted to loosen me up a bit more. John knelt down on his hands and knees like he was performing Islamic prayers with my widened asshole as his Mecca.

I felt something warm, slippery, and rough tease the rim of my anus and it took me a moment to realize what it was. John’s tongue traced my rim several times and the feeling was even closer to heaven than the blowjobs or the fingering. He tickled me in all the right places and my cock surged and my balls throbbed. It took all my will-power not to grab it, because I knew one pull would empty the contents all over my stomach. The glorious rimjob continued for several minutes until John was finally ready.

He rose to his knees and moved into position. Leaning my head forward and craning my neck, I could see him take his cock in hand and guide it towards my waiting hole. I felt the tip touch and sighed, then leaned my head back on to the pillow.

“Do it,” I told him.

“Let me know if it hurts,” he said.

“I will.”

Even with my asshole loosened slightly from earlier, I was still completely unprepared to take such a fat dick in my butt. The pain was excruciating as the inches burrowed deeper and deeper. Tears filled my eyes and I had to bite my lip to keep from crying out. Finally, it was all inside. John grabbed my ankles to keep my legs in the air, so I tucked my hands behind the back of my head. I breathed evenly and the pain soon subsided.

John began to move away from me, pulling his cock half-out before pushing it slowly back in until I felt his sack bump against the bottoms of my buttcheeks. Although it was much bigger than his fingers, the shape fit well, and my ass was eager to accommodate.

Sensing all was well, John began to increase the pace. He would pull out until his cock was almost out, then bury it once again. He held my ankles tightly as he fucked my virgin ass. I could only close my eyes and moan, trying to widen my legs even farther to make my room. I felt as if my entire body were being filled and my mind raced with wild desires. I closed my eyes and imagined myself in the center of a group of naked men rubbing myself and one another as John pounded my ass.

As for John himself, his eyes were closed and a grimace of exertion was plain on his face. His body was glistening with sweat in the moonlight as he rode me like a true cowboy, grunting and groaning, pushing and pulling, stuffing each hot inch deep into me over and over again.

After nearly half an hour of hard fucking, I told him to stop.

“What’s wrong?” he asked.

“I want to try something,” I told him.

“What?” he asked.

“Here . . .”

I instructed John to lie on his back, which he did. I changed his condom and his dick stood straight up, pointing at the ceiling. I stood up with my ankles on either side of his hips. I slowly squatted down, repositioning myself slightly until I felt myself being slowly impaled by his huge dick.

This time, it went smoothly into my ass. John grabbed the sides of my ass as I bounced up and down, grabbing his shins to support myself as my butt went up and down, riding his shaft John simply lay back, allowing me to do all the work, which I was glad to do.

I grunted and panted heavily as I rode his cock. I began to feel him squirming underneath me and I knew it wouldn’t be long before he erupted. Even I was beginning to weaken. Deciding not to fight any longer, I grabbed my cock and began furiously jerking off. 

John gave a loud groan as he blew his load deep in my ass. I fell back, almost landing on him, but managing to land beside him instead. I grabbed my cock and masturbated as hard as I could until I shot a thick stream of semen all over my chest and stomach. I looked at John and saw a large bulb at the end of his dick where the condom’s reservoir had filled with cum. He took it off and dropped it on the floor, allowing it to trickle down his shaft.

For long minutes, we lay silently by one another, our jizz cooling.

“I have something to tell you, James,” he said, finally breaking the silence.

“What?” I asked.

“I think I’m in love with you,” was his response.

I turned to look at him.

“You’re not in love with me, John. We had a good time. Let’s not complicate it.”

“OK,” he said.

“Can we go to sleep now?” he asked.

I laughed and nodded, saying we could definitely do that. Without bothering to wash off the cum or get dressed, John and I fell asleep in one another’s arms. The next morning, we woke up and got dressed. We ate breakfast and went our separate ways.

I still see John from time to time. We’ve never talked about our encounter together, leaving the sentiments we felt and the things we shared unspoken and unexpressed, save for the occasional twinkle when we look at one another.

But tomorrow night, Jason is having another part. John will be there and so will I. So who knows what could happen?