 COMFORTABLE WITH HIS NEW BOARDER

Quincy Jones eased his muscular 6'2" 190-pound frame out of bed Saturday morning and made his way to the master bathroom to take his morning pee. His cock was semi-hard by the time he stood over the toilet. If a woman had been in bed with him, he would have fucked her senseless with his morning-piss-hardon. However, he had not gone out Friday night as the weather forecast was for heavy snow. Instead he stayed at home and had sex with his gay boarder.

Andrew, who preferred to be called Annie, had moved in about six months ago. He was a very pretty sweet blonde 25-year-old gay. Over time Quincy had become enamored with the slender fair-skinned young man. Annie stood at 5'5" and weighed only 140 pounds but he had the most desirable ass that Quincy had ever seen. 

Quincy had served in the military and for a time was stationed in D.C. where the gays often sought out the young servicemen. He had had his share of blow jobs from a number of gays but that was the extent of it. He had never engaged in anal sex with a gay before Annie. It just happened one evening when Quincy was particularly horny and Annie used his seductive charm.

Finishing his morning piss, Quincy washed his hands and his cock. He then made his way down to the lower level of the walkout ranch house. It was on that level where Annie resided. Walking into one of the two bedrooms on that level, Quincy looked at the lovely gay lying in bed. Annie turned toward his landlord, smiled and greeted him.

"Good morning, you're up early."

"I got my morning piss call."

"Do you want to come back to bed now?"

"Yes, that's why I'm here. The snow hit last night and we are going nowhere today."

"So, we have the day to ourselves indoors."

"That we do."

Quincy got in bed and slipped under the covers. He felt the slender, smooth skin of his blonde lover. Annie was nude as he always was in bed. He rolled to his left side and Quincy moved in behind him. Their bodies came together and Quincy's erect cock nestled in between the sweet ass cheeks. His arm came over Annie and a hand found its way to the slimmer smaller cock. They were in no hurry as they had all day and Quincy savored the feel of the effeminate gay against him.

Annie retrieved the lubricant from his nightstand where it had been left from the night before. Quincy had fucked him three times on Friday night and now he was ready to go again. The muscular stud lubricated the sweet curvy ass and then eased his cock into the receptive chamber. Instinctively his hand began to stroke the gay's cock just as he had become accustomed to doing. 

As they fucked, Quincy recalled the big step he took the night before. He kissed the sweet gay lips before but it was with Annie's cum coated his hand did he take that step. He lifted the hand to his mouth and actually tasted the cum of his lover. It was the first time he ever tasted semen over than his own and he was not repulsed by his action. Annie was thrilled it happened and he felt it was a big step toward Quincy eventually sucking his cock. 

Quincy moved slowly fucking the lovely gay ass and relishing every second he was in it. Annie tilted his head back to be kissed and their lips met followed by the tongues. The muscular hips drove into the lovely bottom and Quincy held the soft form tightly against him. His hand continued to stroke the erect gay cock as they both approached their first ejaculation of the day. It was Quincy who came first and shot a huge load into the gripping rectum. 

Feeling the surge of male seed in his ass, Annie came and shot several streams onto the bed sheets, coating Quincy's hand with the milky substance. Annie waited and hoped and then it happened. Quincy lifted his hand to his mouth and tasted the gay's cum. Annie shivered with excitement over the behavior of his landlord and now lover. They stay cuddled together for several minutes and Quincy remained hard. Knowing that he could cum again, Quincy did not fuck Annie a second time. They had all day and he wanted to pace himself.

They got up, showered and put on sweats. Quincy made breakfast for them and they enjoyed a delicious meal in the breakfast nook. The snow was so bad that there was no newspaper delivery. Instead they took their coffee into the family room and watched the news on TV. At least the power was still on. Later they listened to music and relaxed on the sectional sofa.

FIVE MONTHS EARLIER

Quincy had decided to renovate the lower level of his house and rent it out to help cover the costs of being a homeowner. A month earlier Andrew had signed a lease agreement and moved in to his new quarters. Andrew or Annie as he liked to be called by his friends, was a fairly private person and not one who slept around with just anyone. He was taken with his landlord who indeed was a stud.

The house was a nice setup with a private fenced in backyard, a small swimming pool and an outdoor jacuzzi. It was July when Annie moved in and he took full advantage of the amenities. He liked to swim even short laps in the small pool and he loved soaking in the Jacuzzi. He was fair skinned so he never stayed in the sun for very long and usually sat under the umbrella or found a shady spot.

Annie always wore skimpy Speedo bikini swim suits that hugged his shapely bottom. Quincy found himself checking out the shapely ass more and more often. He got so curious that a few times he went down to the lower level and peeked in on the pretty gay. Annie either slept in the nude or wore snug fitting sleep shorts. The first time that Quincy saw the naked ass, he felt a stirring in his loins. He started at it for several minutes and contemplated the idea of fucking it. He had received some good blow jobs from gays in the past and would probably let Annie suck his cock if he so desired. He had never had anal sex with a gay but he had with several women and liked it.

One morning Quincy was up early and he went downstairs with his coffee and brought an extra cup of coffee with him for Annie. He had not expected Annie to be up yet but he hoped that the gay had slept in the nude. Quincy got his wish as Annie was in bed lying naked on his stomach without bed covers. His magnificent ass looked fantastic. It was as if someone added the perfect buttocks to the slender body. 

Annie's cock and balls were not visible and he truly looked like a pretty girl sprawled naked in the bed. Quincy felt his cock surge in his shorts and he was actually tempted to free it from its confines. He continued to stare at the incredible ass on his boarder and he wondered again what it would be like to fuck it. Quincy wondered, "Would it really be that different fucking Annie in the ass then it was butt fucking women?" 

Quincy imagined Annie on all fours with his head down on the bed and his curvy ass in the air. He was sure that he could bring himself to fuck the pretty gay in the doggy position. He imagined his cock sliding in and out between the glorious ass cheeks and filling the warm anal passage. It took all his will power to refrain from taking it further. Just then Annie rolled to his side and he smiled at Quincy. 

"Good morning," he whispered and asked, "Been there long?"

"No just got here, I brought you a cup of coffee."

"Oh thanks."

The pretty blonde gay sat up and his morning erection was evident although that did not interest Quincy. Annie pulled the bedcover over his lower body to cover his les than average size cock and sipped the coffee. Quincy sat down in the chair across from the bed and as he did, Annie noticed that the erect cock tented in the shorts. He smiled again as he realized that he had achieved the desired effect. He had secretly hoped that Quincy would spy on him.

They chatted for a short while and finished their coffee. "I'm going up to the kitchen to get another cup of coffee. Do you want one?" Quincy offered.

"No thanks, I'm going to get a quick swim in before breakfast." 

Annie stood up and the bed covers slid off his naked body. He located the snug Speedo bikini and put it in on before he walked passed his landlord. Quincy watched as the beautiful blonde walked out of the bedroom and headed toward the swimming pool. Once again, his eyes were fixed on the marvelous looking ass of his boarder. It was so perfect it didn't it seem real. It was like looking at one of those cartoon characters where their prowess was exaggerated. Quincy stood up and his stiff cock caught in his shorts. He still had a difficult time believing that the gay's ass could get him so excited.

He went up to the kitchen to get another cup of coffee and looked out over the backyard and swimming pool. Annie was swimming in the pool and his shapely ass was in the tight Speedo. Quincy struggled with his inner feelings. Later he heard the shower running and he felt like joining Annie in the shower and shoving his cock into that fantastic ass. Annie had similar thoughts and as showered, he imagined Quincy's big cock sliding into his ass. He was currently thinking about his landlord and he hoped to bed him someday. His thoughts were interrupted when he felt his ball sac tighten and then he released a massive load in the shower. Annie closed his eyes as he ejaculated with two of his fingers in his anus as he imagined that Quincy was fucking him.

On Saturday it was a perfect day to hang by the pool. After breakfast they were sitting at a table under the umbrella with their morning coffee. They were sharing and reading the morning newspaper. Unable to keep his mind off the super fine ass, Quincy entered the pool and swam around slowly. The water helped cool his jets at first but then Annie entered the pool. He watched as the slender gay moved gracefully through the water using a controlled dolphin like stroke. Quincy stared intently as the shapely ass would break the water slightly and then disappear. It was a beautiful sight as his curvy ass rose up and then eased back under the water's surface. Quincy's cock was throbbing in his bathing suit.

Quincy remained in the pool hoping his erection would subside somewhat before he exited. It did not help though when Annie walked out of the pool at the swallow end and his marvelous ass came into view again. He walked over to a lounge in a sultry manner and slowly lowered his body face down. 

"Quincy, have you ever given anyone a massage?"

"Sure, a few girls that I dated, liked massages."

"Would you rub my shoulders? They're a little stiff."

"I can do that. I'll use the suntan lotion, okay?"

"Sure, that's fine."

Annie wanted to see how far he could go with Quincy by the pool. Quincy moved to the head of the lounge and began to put lotion on the shoulders. As the hands massaged the soft skinned shoulders, Annie let his hands drift to Quincy's swimsuit. Quincy felt Annie's hands slip under the leg opening. He knew he should probably stop the gay from going further but he didn't. His thoughts were interrupted when he realized that Annie had freed his cock through the leg opening.

Quincy trembled as Annie held on to the big thick shaft. "You have a beautiful cock. Ever have sex with a man?

"Just oral, a number of years ago, I let some gays blow me."

"Good, relax and enjoy it. I know you like my ass. I see you checking it out all the time."

"We really shouldn't."

"Sure we should, let's just enjoy this." 

Quincy knew that it was a big step to let his boarder suck his cock but it felt so good. Annie proved to be an excellent cock sucker and Quincy knew that he would cum soon. Annie pulled Quincy closer to the lounge and he began to fondle the balls and stroke the perineum. Quincy was so turned on that he busted his nut quickly and flooded the pretty gay mouth. Annie handled the discharge expertly and sucked every drop out of the spurting cock. He then lowered Quincy's swimsuit down to his knees and pulled him closer. He held onto the muscular buttocks as he continued to suck the big cock keeping it hard.

"Now I would love for you to fuck me. I want to feel that marvelous cock in my ass. Do you want to fuck me? I think you are hot for my ass."

"Yes, I have thought about fucking your hot ass."

"Good!"

The Speedo came off quickly and Quincy began to massage the lovely ass with lotion. He worked Annie's ass just as he had any of the girl's he had ever butt fucked. He lovingly massaged the shapely buttocks and lubricated the pink anus. He put one then two fingers in the receptive ass and finger fucked it for several minutes.

"I'm ready for you Quincy. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make it last a long time."

Staring the entire time at the beautiful curvy ass, Quincy got up on the lounge and lowered his body onto the pretty blonde gay. He held his erect cock in his hand and guided to the well lubed anus. Annie held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up his anus and stretched his sphincter. Quincy was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated a guy's ass for the first time in his life. Annie's ass opened up and welcomed the rigid cock into the warm snug passage. Quincy held still and let Annie move under him and control the penetration. Once he was satisfied that Annie had loosened up he began to fuck the sweet curvy ass with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as if they were lovers and knew each other's body. Annie rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the lounge. This move accentuated the round shape of his shapely ass. Quincy like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Normally Quincy liked anal sex in a doggy style position but he found he liked the way Annie felt under him. Annie lifted his ass fucking Quincy back. He groaned repeatedly each time the cock drove deep into his ass.

Every time the cock entered his bottom, Annie lifted his hips to receive it all the way in his ass. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Quincy wrapped his arms around Annie's smooth hairless upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they made love and Quincy felt just like he was in the ass of a young woman. He never expected that fucking a guy could be so enjoyable and so erotic. He was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning Quincy shot another massive load, this time into a clenching, gripping rectum.

Annie groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Quincy moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into the hot ass until he was nearly drained. He pressed his body into the pretty gay and remained still as Annie clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around the thick shaft. Quincy was still hard when he removed his cock from Annie's bottom and backed off the lounge. Annie turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release as Quincy watched him jerk off. Annie saw that the dick was still hard and spoke softly. 

"Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

Quincy moved back to the lovely gay who lifted his legs to receive the still hard cock. He eased his cock back into the well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Annie stroked his cock rapidly as he was fucked. He watched as his new lover closed his eyes and he felt the sphincter tighten around his cock as Annie ejaculated. The load shot out in four or five streams and landed on the gay's chest, abs and pubes. Quincy had the strangest feeling that he should do something for Annie but he didn't know what. He almost felt like kissing the sweet gay which is what he usually did with women after they made love.

Annie smiled and said, "I think that you liked fucking me."

"I did like it. I liked it very much. Your ass is just gorgeous. I need to cool off now."

He pulled out of Annie and got towels for both of them. They wiped the semen from their body and then they went back in the pool. After they cooled off they got out of the pool, dried off and went back inside the house. Quincy couldn't believe the desire that came over him. The more he stared at the lovely gay ass, the more he had to have it again. They went downstairs to Annie's room.

Within minutes Quincy was buried balls deep again in the tight ass. Annie was flattened on the bed face down as Quincy drove his impressive cock deep into the bowels of his new lover. Annie's ass moved underneath but Quincy's urgency, strength and drive kept Annie pinned under him. The powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled the irresistible ass. His thick cock drove into the gay and then retreated until only the head remained in the rectum. Annie felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh man your cock is so big in my ass, so deep. Cum in me like before, I want to feel you shooting in my ass!"

Quincy continued to fuck the shapely firm ass driving his cock into the warm recess. He sensed his orgasm building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in the hot ass. Quincy felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. He felt the sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of juice out of it. The load was surprisingly voluminous and remarkably Quincy stayed hard. He continued to slowly fuck Annie's ass as the seed coated his shaft. 

"Quincy if you are going to keep fucking my ass let's roll on our sides."

"I don't think that I can cum again but I love being in your ass."

Quincy rolled to his side keeping his cock in the sweet ass as he pulled the slender blonde to the side. His hands wrapped around and caressed the smooth skinned body. He gently pinched the nipples and kept fucking the gay until Annie ejaculated. Annie came two times with Quincy in his ass. The first time he ejaculated, his cum shot passed his face and hit the headboard of bed. The second time he came his seed hit him in the face and neck. The two of them rested on their sides as the big cock slowly deflated and slipped from the well-stretched bottom. By the time they were ready to get out of bed the semen had dried on Annie's body.

They both showered again. It was lunchtime so they grabbed a bite to eat and then went back out to the pool deck. Quincy brought out drinks for them and they stayed in the shade as the afternoon sun was blistering. At mid-afternoon they went back inside the house. That evening, Annie was anxious for more of Quincy's marvelous cock but he would have to wait until the next day as Quincy had nothing left.

INSATIABLE

On Sunday they were all over each other as Annie couldn't get enough of Quincy's cock who in turn couldn't get enough of Annie's ass. They began the day with Annie devouring the impressive cock and he spent a lot of time kissing it and licking it keeping it hard. Quincy was now ready to fuck the gay and he told him to get on all fours. Quincy got the lube, greased up his cock and greased up Annie's anus. He marveled at the shapely ass on the smaller. Annie looked good on all fours as he waited for the cock to penetrate his ass. Quincy took his time lubricating the shapely ass and he liked the submissive posture. Annie had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed. The ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his bottom. Annie looked perfect and Quincy felt he could finger and caress the super fine ass all day

Quincy moved close and slowly eased his cock into the receptive ass. Annie groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched once again to accept the big cock. Once past the sphincter Quincy fucked the gay slowly until Annie's ass opened up and he was once again able to take the big thick cock. Quincy surprised Annie when he pulled his cock all the way out and then pushed it all the way back inside. He did that five or six times.
