 ANNIE LOOKS LIKE AN ANNIE

Quincy had been bust all week at work and he looked forward to a relaxing evening and sex with Annie. They had not had sex in a couple of days and Quincy was thinking of that marvelous ass on the drive home. He had no idea what Annie had planned for him that evening. As Quincy was driving home, Annie was getting ready.

Annie excitedly went into the bedroom and took his new dress out of the closet. It was the dress that he had bought to surprise Quincy. It was a black cocktail dress cut about 8" above the knee with a slit running up one side. Annie put on thigh high nylons with the elastic tops and then he lubricated his anus before he put on his sexy black panties. He put on the dress and the blonde wig. Annie checked himself in the mirror and put on some lipstick. Now satisfied with his appearance he waited for Quincy in the family room.

When he arrived home, Quincy could not believe his eyes. Annie looked so much like a sexy young woman, it was mind-boggling. Quincy felt his cock stir just from thinking about fucking his boarder. He stood there speechless staring at the beautiful gay.

"I thought that instead of going out that I would dress up and we would stay in this evening. I made drinks for us."

"I like that idea. Why don't you come over here and sit next to me on the couch and we'll have our drinks."

Annie walked sexily and acted shyly as he made his way over to where Quincy was now seated. Quincy had quickly stripped off his trousers, underwear, socks and shoes. Annie sat down and crossed his legs and as he did the skirt rode up his thighs and the slit opened exposing an ample amount of leg and the elastic top of his nylons. Quincy firmed up immediately with this display of femininity and he ran his hands over Annie's thigh, onto the bare skin above the nylons. Quincy felt the gay shudder with desire when his hand touched the smooth thigh. Quincy really wanted to fuck him now and he moved things along. He uncrossed Annie's legs and pushed the dress up over his thighs letting it bunch around his waist. Quincy noticed Annie's little hard-on in his panties. 

"I love your panties Annie they are very sexy. You really turn me on and I would like to fuck you. Would you like me to fuck you?" 

"Oh yes, I would love for you to fuck me but please be gentle."

Annie leaned over and took Quincy's rock-hard cock in his mouth and whispered sexily, "Let me get you wet first so that it will slide in my boy pussy easily."

He then swallowed Quincy's cock and soon had his head bobbing up and down. Annie reached for his own panty covered cock and pulled it out through the leg opening and started jerking himself off as he deep throated the big dick. It didn't take long before Annie tasted pre-cum and had the cock hard and wet. Annie let the cock slip from his mouth and with a smile he turned his back to Quincy on the sofa. 

Quincy anxious to get his cock into the irresistible ass did not bother to remove the panties instead he pulled the lacy fabric to one side seeking access to the shapely ass. They both wiggled around to get in position and then Annie felt the spongy cock head at the entrance to his ass. Quincy eased his body forward and Annie felt the moist cock tip tickle his boy pussy.

Quincy eased his cock forward and entered the lubed ass. He groaned as he felt the ass open up to accommodate him. The sphincter opened up and the swollen penis slid in all the way. Annie had done a good job of lubing himself and Quincy's cock met no resistance. Annie felt the cock fill him up and moaned with desire. The angle was such that their testicles touched as the cock nestled snugly in the superfine ass. Quincy was completely turned on by the whole scene and he had momentarily forgotten that he was fucking his boarder. 

"God your ass feels so good around my cock."

"Yes, oh yes, fuck my boy pussy." 

Annie was ecstatic with the feeling of the solid cock stretching his insides and he relished the pleasure with each stroke. Annie's own cock was hard from the pleasure of the good-sized rod in his anal cavity. Annie reached for his own hard cock outside the elastic of his panties.

"Oh my clit is so hard. Feel how hard my clit is Quincy. Play with my clit Quincy."

Quincy had gotten used to jerking off his lover and he reached for the little erection. He rubbed it and stroked it as he continued to fuck Annie's ass with long steady strokes sending spasms of joy through the effeminate body. 

"Oh yes, oh shit, this is good. I love fucking your ass." 

The intense friction was driving them both mad. Annie could feel the pressure on his prostate and he was overcome with the intense pleasure and felt a sensation building within his body. He begged Quincy to stroke his clit faster. Annie wanted to wait for Quincy to climax in his ass before he shot his own load. Quincy's body was in perpetual motion now as he pounded his cock into the sweet ass almost with renewed energy.

Annie was close but he didn't want to cum yet. He wanted to wait for his lover so he removed Quincy's hand from his cock and enjoyed the high energy fuck for a few more minutes. Then he gasped.

"Quincy can we take this into the bedroom, please. I want to be on all fours for you when you cum."

Quincy pulls his cock out and the two of them make their way into the bedroom still partially clothed with their hard cocks dangling before them. Once in the bedroom they both took off the rest of their clothes except for the thigh-high nylons. Quincy wanted his lover to maintain some femininity as he fucked him. Annie got up on all fours and lowered his head to the bed. He turned his head to one side and arched his back slightly accentuating his ass even more. Quincy once again marveled at the shapely and feminine ass, took his tool in his hand and pressed it against the anus and entered it freely. Annie groaned with the pleasure of having the cock back in his ass again. 

Quincy resumed his earlier frantic pace and continued with the relentless fucking of the curvy bottom. Annie sensed that the release was not far off and begged Quincy to play with his clit again. He took a hold of the small erect cock and stroked it rapidly as he felt his own orgasm building in his balls. Annie felt the imminent ejaculation as Quincy drove his cock as far in as he could. The warm flood of seed in the rectum was enough to finally send Annie over the edge. He exploded in Quincy's hand shooting several ropes of cum through the grip and onto the bed sheets. Annie's orgasm caused his sphincter to clench and unclench around the thick cock. He felt volley after volley of semen fill his rear passage. 

Quincy left his cock in Annie's ass as they both slowed their body movements. Quincy then realized that his hand was covered with Annie's cum that had oozed from his cock in the waning moments of his intense orgasm. Quincy removed his hand from the smaller cock and presented it to his lover's mouth. Annie enthusiastically licked Quincy's hand clean of his own cum as he simultaneously milked the big cock dry with his sphincter. Quincy's cock softened and slipped from the dilated anus with an audible pop. An ample amount of his semen trickled down between Annie's inner thighs over the ball sac.

"So, do you like me as a young woman?"

"You look absolutely stunning tonight. It intensified the sex."

"You sure shot a big load in my ass. I guess you were really turned-on."

"I was incredibly turned-on. That coupled with not having sex for a few days caused me to really let loose." 

"I like dressing up for you."

"I do too. Let's shower and get something to eat. I'll fuck you again when we go to bed."

The two of them showered separately and just wore bathrobes the rest of the evening. They were both tired so it was frozen pizza and drinks for dinner. Later they relaxed in the family room listening to music. Annie was cured up on the sofa with his head on Quincy's lap. Quincy had his hand under Annie's robe and was fondling the curvy buttocks. Annie then slipped his hand into Quincy's robe and began to play with the hardening cock. Minutes later they were back in bed in a spoon position. Quincy fucked Annie and gave the gay a reach around until they both came again. They stayed in the same bed that night.

MORE SURPRISES

On Saturday Quincy slept in for a change and when he did wake up, Annie was not in bed. He got up and took his morning piss, put on a pair of sweats and headed for the kitchen. Annie was already up and had made the coffee. Quincy sat at the kitchen table enjoying the morning coffee and he was stunned when Annie walked into the room.

He thought to himself, "Christ this is getting scary," as he could not believe what he was seeing.

Annie walked in dressed as a school girl. He had put on another wig this one brown with braided pigtails. The uniform was complete with a white blouse, bow tie, navy blue blazer, a plaid skirt cut 10 inches above the knee, white knee-high socks and saddle shoes. Underneath he wore white cotton panties and a padded white bra. It was unbelievable how much he resembled a schoolgirl.

"You shouldn't be in the house alone with me. You should leave before my mother comes home."

Obviously, Annie was in the mood for game playing. Quincy went along with the role playing and responded.

"Why should I do that?"

"Because the last time my mother caught me doing bad things with a man and I should not be doing bad things."

"What bad things did you do? What did the man do to you?" 

"Well once he held me by my pigtails and put his thing in my mouth. Then he pulled my panties down to my knees, flipped up my skirt and put his thing in my pussy. He kept his thing in me until he shot his hot juice in my mouth and in my pussy."

Quincy was rock-hard from role playing and it was evident with his sweat pants tenting. Annie spun around allowing the pleated skirt to fly up exposing the bare thighs and panties and then flopped down on a chair allowing the skirt to rise up displaying the panty covered crotch.

"Oh look at your thing it is so hard. You must have got hard when you saw my panties. That's what happened last time with the other man."

Quincy moved over and had Annie kneel on all fours. He lowered his sweat pants, grabbed the pigtails lightly and pulled Annie's head down to his cock. Annie sucked the cock right into his mouth. Within minutes he unloaded and Annie greedily swallowed every drop of the warm seed. He lifted Annie up and turned him to lean over the kitchen table.

He flipped the skirt up and pulled Annie's panties down his thighs to his knees. He then lined up his big cock with the anus and slowly eased it in. Annie's eyes got wide when he felt the monster inching its way into his ass. As usual, Annie was well-lubed. Once he got used to Quincy's girth again, he started fucking back at his lover and his ass cheeks slapped against the muscular thighs.

Annie was working his sphincter around the big dick. Quincy could feel his second orgasm building in his balls. He couldn't remember when he came so quickly after his first. His body stiffened and he blasted another load this time into the sweet ass. Annie felt the hot sperm coat his rectal lining and he relished the warmth of the cum. Quincy removed his softening cock and sat back on a kitchen chair. Annie used the paper napkins to wipe his anus free of semen. Then he pulled up his panties and sat at the kitchen table with a cup of coffee.

"That was incredible! You are full of surprises. That is one hell of a way to start a day."

"I'm glad you like my outfit. I'll wear it around the house today and maybe you will get excited again."

"I think that you can count on that."

They ate breakfast and shared the morning newspaper over coffee. They had eaten later than usual so they planned on an early dinner, skipping lunch. They were in the family room when Quincy got frisky and started feeling Annie's bare thighs and panty covered bottom. He pulled the panties back down to Annie's knees.

Annie stood up with the panties still around the knees and said, "I mustn't get my uniform soiled."

He then took off the uniform slowly. As each piece of clothing was removed it was folded neatly and placed in a pile on a chair. Annie took off everything except the knee-high socks and stood in front of Quincy. He was very shapely with his narrow waist, bubble butt ass and very nice legs. Still wearing the pigtail wig, he looked like a shy school girl who just did the dirty deed. 

Annie knelt in front of Quincy and took the thick cock into his mouth. He massaged the big bloated balls as he sucked on the cock. He could feel the cock hardening in his mouth once again. Quincy really wanted to fuck the pretty gay again. He stood up and as he did his cock slipped from the succulent mouth. He had Annie kneel on the sofa facing the back of it. He moved behind the pretty gay and eased his cock into the lovely receptive ass. 

With Annie wearing the pigtail wig and knee-high white socks, he indeed looked like a slender girl from the back. Quincy caressed the lovely buns as he fucked his lover slowly, savoring the beautiful ass. He was glad that it would take longer to cum as he loved watching his cock move in and out. They fucked for nearly thirty minutes and then Quincy felt that familiar surge. 

He came in the gripping ass again. The ejaculation wasn't nearly as voluminous as the earlier ones but the sensation was just as pleasurable. He stayed buried in the sweet bottom letting his cock soften and slip out. He used his sweat shirt to blot the semen oozing from the twitching anus. He didn't want cum stains on the sofa. Annie turned around and used the sweat shirt to sit on while he jerked off. After he came they both washed up and tidied up. Annie gathered up to school clothes and took them to his room. Later they were back in the family room after an early dinner, discussing their relationship.

"So, what did you think of my two new outfits?"

"Fantastic, honestly I could take you to dinner in that cocktail dress."

"Really, you would do that?"

"Sure, why not? We would go to Carlucci's for Italian food. The place has great ambiance and a romantic setting."

"Oh, I want to do that."

"Okay, we'll plan on it next Saturday. I'll make reservation's. One thing though, you will have to use the ladies room if you have to go to the bathroom."

"Oh my God, I didn't think about that. I guess I can do that."

"Did you like the school girl outfit as much as you thought?"

"Did I ever, it was perfect. It was really like I was getting a blow job and fucking a school girl. The wig was perfect too."

"I have been thinking about dressing up more like a woman. I was wondering, would like it if I had breasts?"

"That would be very hot. Are you thinking about implants?"

"Yes, I thought about taking female hormones but implants would be quicker and more reliable."

"If you want tits, I'll pay for them. I think you would look great with small firm breasts, I'm not a fan of big tits."

"I'll look into it this week."

"Annie, I'm tired and my balls are empty. You wore me out today. I'm going to bed now."

"Me too, I'll see you in the morning."

They both went to their own room. Quincy thought about how feminine Annie looked dressed up and having tits would be a big plus. He had not thought about Annie's voice until the dress up began but it was a sweet voice and would pass for a woman's. He was excited about the future and how things were shaping up with his boarder. In the other bedroom, Annie was equally excited about the future.

DATE NIGHT

A week later on a Saturday evening, Quincy arrived at the restaurant and parked in the street about two blocks away. As he and Annie walked down the street arm in arm, they felt as if all eyes were on them. Quincy was still nervous but had no reason to be because all the guys that looked their way were taken with Annie's beauty. When they entered the restaurant, the host greeted them in Italian and showed them to their table. Many a head turned to check Annie out as they were seated and Quincy mused at the women who playfully slapped their dates when their eyes roamed. Quincy all of a sudden felt very good about being in public with Annie and he was pleased that he was the envy of other men. If they only knew what was beneath the cocktail dress, would they ever be surprised.

They had a delicious meal and some wonderful Italian red wine. They were feeling very romantic given the ambiance of the restaurant and Quincy didn't even think of Annie being a gay the entire evening. After dinner they drove back to the house and as they did Annie played with Quincy's crotch. He rubbed his hand over the crotch and got Quincy's cock hard again. He teased Quincy by rubbing the stiff cock through his pants but he never took the cock out as they drove. 

The car pulled into the garage, they entered the house and went straight to Quincy's bedroom. Once in the bedroom they came into each other's arms and kissed deeply. He reached behind Annie to unfasten the top of the cocktail dress but Annie turned his back to Quincy who then unhooked the clasp. He peeled the dress down Annie's arms and then it slid down and fell to the floor. Next, he unhooked the padded bra and let that too slide down the arms to the floor. Quincy dropped to his knees and removed Annie's shoes and thigh high hose letting them gather on the floor with the dress and bra. He looked at Annie's shapely ass briefly and then he peeled the panties down uncovering the marvelous bottom.

Quincy placed loving kisses on the cheeks of Annie's ass before he stood back up. Annie turned to face Quincy and then proceeded to undress him. Annie removed every article of clothes from the muscular body except the briefs. Then Annie dropped to his knees and slowly pulled the underwear down Quincy's legs to his ankles. Annie made sure that the stiff cock got caught in the waistband of the underwear and then sprung out. Annie loved to do that and see the big dick bob in front of his face. He then took the cock in his mouth and gave it a few sucks before he stood up again and kissed his lover.

"Take me your bed and make love to me like a woman."

Quincy picked the effeminate gay up and effortlessly carried Annie to the bed. He placed Annie on the bed who stretched out and opened his legs exposing his anus. Quincy took the lubricant from his night table and squirted some directly on the taut ring. He then used his finger to lubricate the anal passage. Annie cooed as Quincy work his finger in and out. Quincy smiled when Annie's little cock got hard. Quincy stroked his own cock into hardness and then placed the head at the entrance to the familiar entrance. With a gentle steady push, the cock entered the receptive ass and Quincy gently rocked back and forth going a little deeper with each movement. Once the cock was fully embedded, Quincy leaned over and began to fuck Annie like a woman.

Annie wrapped his arms and legs around the chiseled torso and humped up at him as Quincy pummeled the gripping ass. He could feel Annie's hard little cock pressing against his abdomen each time that he pushed in deeper. Annie was groaning and crying out for Quincy to fuck him. He felt his balls overheating so he picked up the pace as he looked forward to filling Annie's ass with another load. Quincy felt the wetness on his abdomen from Annie's pre-cum. Quincy was so close that he thrust all the way in and let loose in the warm chute. He fired a barrage of cum deep into Annie's bowels and he held still as his cock pulsated with his ejaculation. He rocked back on his heels and looked down at the sweet gay. He saw the little erect cock and took it in his hand to masturbate his lover.

"Quincy, please suck my clit. My clit is hard and throbbing. Please take my clit in your mouth," Annie pleaded.
