 This is my very first story, so pleaseeee go easy on me lol. I hope you guys enjoy the first chapter. Muahh

LadyBugg -

*

I laid down in bed, flipping through the thoughts in my head from the images from the other night. Walking in on him in OUR bed with a dude and a woman set me off edge. Over and over again I asked myself. How could he? After almost 5 years, and on our anniversary. I cried until my throat burned. We were supposed to get married. Have a life together. I guess I was too stupid and to blind to see the signs. Family and friends telling me he was no good, and wouldn't change for me. And I defended him. And for him to prove them right just hurt even worse. Marcus Cornell kept popping up on screen in my phone. I got out of bed and through my phone against the wall and cried out in complete agony. 

Then got pissed off that I broke my phone even made it worst. I laughed, not a humorous laugh. But a 'damn why did I do that' laugh.

I went to get my house phone and called my best friend Laura. She still didn't know about the other night. I just didn't want to hear the 'I told you so'.

"Wtf Nathaniel Marques Winston. Where have you been? I've been worried fucking sick behind your ass. I call your mom she doesn't know anything. Wtf Nate." I could hear the anger and sadness in her voice. And god did I feel much worse. While she was still in the middle of her rant, I just blurted it out.

"Marcus and I broke up." I started to cry again. Just when I thought I ran out of tears.

"Oh god, Nate I'm so so sorry. I didn't mean- I didn't know. Come to the country, and clear your mind. You had yet to make time for me while you were with that incompetent bastard. So please say yes. I miss you"

I couldn't say no, I have already been fired from my job, didn't have a boyfriend anymore. So might as well.

"Sure, I'll be there tomorrow night."

After I got off the phone with Laura, I decided to do a little shopping. Living in New York, I had nothing but winter wear. 

When I got home, I had 20 voice mails. I knew they were all from him. I didn't want to hear his voice. So I deleted them, and went right to sleep.

When I woke up it was already the afternoon, and I needed to pack. Packing was never easy for me. I thought about my trip to the islands with Marcus, I almost made us miss our flight. Thinking back on that memory made me smile. Then I almost lost it, and sobbed the whole time I packed.

I got to the airport and waited for a little while I'm terrified of flying, I was so close to changing my mind when I heard them call my flight number. So I just grew some balls and got on my flight.

As soon as I saw her, I couldn't hold back my tears. I ran to her and cried, and she held me. See I know Laura. This wasn't like her. She usually would already be yelling at me and telling me her famous I told you so, but this time was different. She just cried with me. I pulled away from her to see her face.

"Laura?"

"Marcus called me and told me what happened, I tore him a new one. He kept saying he was going to get you back and make you forgive him." I stepped back and could hardly speak.

"When did he tell you this?" I said almost in a whisper.

"Yesterday before you called me." She croaked.

"That's why you wanted me here?" I said angrily

"No! No! I just- I was scared, what if he tried to hurt you? Or kill you. Your twinkish and he is a huge guy. Please don't be angry with me, I was being honest when I said I miss you Nathaniel. I do."

I couldn't even be mad at her with that look in her pretty gray eyes. I gave her a small smile. "I miss you too."

After our sobbing session, we went out to eat, bringing up old high school and college memories. We had a really good time. 

When we got to her house, someone was pulling up behind us.

"Hey Paul." She said yelled with a huge smile on her face.

"Hey Laura, I was just stopping by to see how you were doing, haven't seen you in town in a little while."

And boy, don't I see why her smile was so big. This man was beautiful, like a Greek god. His smile was so amazing it could have blinded me. His eyes were dark as night, but in a beautiful way. His arms were bulging out of his shirt. He had a little extra padding but he wore it well. His short black hair glistened off the moon. I'm 5'7 so he had to be a good 6'6.

"Stop gawking." Laura whispered. I blushed.

"Well who is this Laura?" Paul said looking in my direction. He wasn't smiling, but his eyes held something. Something that made my knees a little weak, he was so beautiful. I blushed.

"This is my best friend Nathaniel; he's visiting from New York. He's cute when he blushes." That made my already red cheeks go to a deeper red. 

"Hi, it's nice to meet you." I said almost whispering. I stuck out my hand.

"And its defiantly I pleasure to meet you, Nathaniel." God could he get any sexier, I wanted to throw him down and suck him for all he was worth.

He and Laura got into conversation about the people they knew in town, they talked about this mean old lady name Mrs.Hunstridge. I laughed so hard my ribs hurt, I felt like we were in high school talking about a mean teacher. 

But I kept looking at him, I couldn't help myself. My cock got so hard from his smile it was straining against my jeans. He didn't notice but Laura sure did. 

I went to the bathroom, and when I got back I was kind of eavesdropping. 

"Well I have work in the morning so I'm going to turn in, I'm glad you came over Paul, but I don't think I'm the only one. Nate was gawking so hard I thought his eyes were going to fall out the sockets."

I sighed. Loud mouth can never keep her damn mouth closed. But a huge part of me was kind of glad she couldn't , because I know damn well I would never tell him.

"He is so fucking cute when he blushes, I looked at him when he wasn't looking either." He sighed "But you know me I will not say anything to him, I may be a big guy. But I'm a teddy bear at heart. I'm to scared, after all I been through."

Laura sighed. Maybe she knew more about him than they let on. So I walked in the room as if I heard nothing. And Laura and I said our goodbyes to Paul. I let out a breath I didn't even know I was holding. She looked at me and smiled and got ready for bed. 

When I got in bed that night, I thought about Paul and Laura's conversation. All these thoughts running through my mind, should I say something? Should I let it go? 

'You just got out of a break up, only a week ago. And you don't even know this man, don't be stupid.' I mentally kicked myself for my thoughts. Then his smile and body appeared in my mind. 'Hmmm wonder what he looks like naked' I thought to myself. I got painfully hard. I took of my briefs and rubbed my throbbing cock. It felt so good. I haven't had stimulation every since I caught Marcus in bed with those sluts. I rubbed the head of my cock, I was dripping so much pre-cum. I rubbed the pre-cum all around my cock and balls, for lubrication. I started strocking harder and faster as I thought about him gliding his cock in and out of me. I came with such force, I almost blacked out. I went to the bathroom and cleaned up, got back in bed with one thing on my mind.

Paul's smile.