 Well here's the third chapter, hope you like it. Don't be afraid to offer constructive criticism. I'm open minded. My next series and characters will be wayyyyyyyyy better that this keep a look out for it.

Enjoy

LadyBugg-

*

It seemed like we were driving for hours, I really wanted to see how beautiful he really was, if he is as beautiful as he is in my little fantasies. I'll never get enough of him. 

We pulled up in front of a country styled house, beautifully bricked with a gated fence surrounding the house and the backyard, and what a backyard it was. A huge pool and I'm guessing what looked to be a guess house. We made it into the house, and before I could compliment his taste in decorating, he gave me a lip bruising, passionate, soft, but urgent kiss.

"Nate, do you trust me?" I was still in aftershock after that amazing kiss so I just nodded. He sucked at my neck and nibbled on my ear, and whispered. "I want you tied to my bed, whimpering, and begging for mercy. Pleading that I let you cum." I groaned from the images that flooded my mind, I could already feel him inside of me, but nervousness, and insecurity sweep over me; he could see the doubt on my face. He lifted me in his arms and said something that would live with me forever. "We've only just met a week ago and I can't seem to get you out of my mind, I know this is fast, but I don't want just sex from you. If you want to wait, I'll wait. If you want to take your time, I'll wait. I don't want you to feel as if you're obligated to please me because I want you, I'll always want you. I just want you to be comfortable to submit to me." I pulled back and looked into his eyes to see if he actually meant what he just said, and by god he did. I could see deep into his soul, but for some reason I felt safe. He just looked at me, his eyes glistening. He loved me. He didn't have to say it. I saw it in his eyes. So I said two simple words.

"Take me." He didn't need a second invitation. He carried me the master bedroom, what a gorgeous room it was. It was classical with a hint modern. It fit him. He laid me on the bed, and undressed me. It felt weird being the only one naked. He kissed me sweetly; it felt so good to have his lips on mine. I gasped when he squeezed my cock. Pain and pleasure became my best friends at that moment; it felt like he knew what to do to take me over the edge. But leave me dangling in the process. 

"Do you really trust me Nathaniel?" I nodded eagerly. He pulled me up a bit so I was leaning against his headboard. He took out black restraints from his bedside dresser, and strapped it on my wrist and secured it to the headboard, and he did the same with the other wrist." I couldn't believe that finally my fantasy was coming to life. He kissed me again, but this kiss was different, it was shy, and it took me by surprise. I looked at him and he just smiled at me. How could he be shy, and I'M the one who's tied to the headboard. He grasped one of my nipples and tugged a little. See I've never been a fan of nipple play, but when he did that my cock twitched and dripped a heavy amount of pre-cum onto my thigh. I moaned loudly.

"Please..." was the only word I could utter. He sucked my nipple into his mouth I almost came from just that, he tugged on my other nipple as he licked and bit on the nipple that was already in his mouth. I groaned loudly. I wanted him inside my so bad.

"Your...Cock...Inside...Me...NOW." He lifted my leg and smacked my ass. Hard. I nearly leaped of the bed. 

"Don't tell me what to do, this ass." He squeezed my ass. "And this cock." He squeezed my cock. "Is MINE. I do what I please, I think I need to teach you to show some respect." He smiled at me evilly. He grasped my cock and stroked it fast and hard. I told him I was going to cum, and he stopped. He did it two more times; I wanted to bust out in tears. I needed to cum. 

"Please Paul..." I begged. He kissed the head of my cock, and got lube and condoms from his bedside dresser. He slowly got undressed. I inventively watch every muscle clench as he took off his shirt. He pulled down his pants, and to my delight, he wasn't wearing any underwear. I shuddered. He chuckled at my reaction. He rolled the condom on, and but a little more lubrication on the condom, and rammed into me with one straight thrust. I came immediately. I screamed his name and pleasure and pain mingled once again. He pounded my ass relentlessly. My cock got hard again, I wanted him to wrap his hand around my cock and make me cum.

"Jerk my cock please..." I begged through my moans and whimpers. That evil smile appeared again. "Oh no love, I'm going to fuck the cum out of you." He pounded me so hard, I started seeing colors. Then with one more pound he filled the condom. His reaction was sort of a growl, but seeing his sexy face when he came did it for me, I fell head first off of that cliff (felt like I was hanging there forever) it tore through me like I never felt before. I couldn't catch my breath, and from the looks of it. Neither could he. After we came down from our highs, he untied the restraints, and pulled out, I felt a sudden emptiness and I didn't like it. He tied the condom at the end and through it in the waste basket. We both wanted to shower, but had no energy left. We both were spent. He turned me over to my side and snuggled behind me. After we said our goodnights, he whispered in my ear. 

"You will never have to worry about anything else."

To Be Continued ...