 We never know what we are going to do on Saturdays. Now that the kids are gone, we don't have to spend time carting them around or at their ball games. I'm a little sad about that, and yet I don't miss the stress of going from place to place. 

On this particular Saturday, my wife and her sisters were going to the Big City to shop, and they won't be home until late. That means that I have the whole day to myself. No cares, no worries, just doing whatever I want. And since I'm a normal man, I want to get off. I decide that I'm going to watch porn and jack off. So I grabbed my laptop and went back to the bedroom. I stripped down and threw my clothes into the laundry. Sometimes it's just fun to be naked around the house, right? 

Oh yeah, I should tell you the stats. 47, 6-2, 180, blue eyes, graying hair, nice smile. Work for my own company that I started when we were young, and now I'm sort of semi-retired. I married my college sweetheart 25 years ago, and we have two grown kids. Eleanor stayed home and raised the kids, so she's home most days. She needs to get out and have time for herself, and she loves to spend time with her two sisters. We are really happy together, and I've never thought about cheating on her. We still have great sex a couple of times a week, and I am crazy about her. 

Back to the story. I decided that I wanted to watch porn on the living room TV, so I grabbed my stuff and went back out there. Turned on the TV, hooked up my laptop and then found some hot videos to get me going. 

The first video was a hot babysitter getting fucked by the kid's dad. She was young and hot and loved to take him deep in her mouth and pussy. It looked like it was actually real, but I doubt that it was. Still, it was easy for me to get into the mood and I was hard and ready right away. I started stroking a little bit, just taking it easy and enjoying it. I was pretty horny and I wanted to make it last. My cock felt good in my hand. Hell, it always feels good in my hand!

The next video was entirely different than the first one. It was a sexy cheerleader getting fucked by her friend's dad. This one looked more real, and I was getting serious about stroking now. My cock was really hard and starting to release some pre-cum. I rubbed it all over the head; it felt so fucking good. I was really getting into it now, and I knew that I could cum any time. But I wanted to make it last, so I edged a little bit closer and then came back, I let go of my cock and tried to get my breathing back to normal. 

Once I was calmer, I went back to a nice, long slow stroke. God, it was feeling really good. I was close already. So I pulled back and tried to make it last. A couple of strokes, then stop and held my throbbing cock while I almost came. Then another couple of strokes and another round of small throbs. I was hard, really hard now. Thick and shiny. Wow, I love jacking off. Yeah, sex with Eleanor is hot, but there's still something fun about jacking off. 

I was feeling really good now, really getting into it and then I saw something out of the corner of my eye! I looked up and Kent was standing there, laughing while he watched me stroke!

I yelled, "Fuck! What are you doing here? I thought I locked the fucking doors. Jesus!" I jumped up, tried to cover my quickly shrinking cock, and started my way back to the bedroom. 

Kent is my oldest and dearest friend. We have known each other since grade school, and he works for me. We spend a lot of time together, so it really isn't that unusual for him to drop by unannounced, but he usually doesn't just come in. 

Kent followed me back as I ran to the bedroom. I was yelling at him. I said, "Kent, what the fuck are you doing here? I thought I had the day to myself! Christ, this is embarrassing!" 

He was already next to me. He grabbed my arm and said, "Relax, it's no big deal. I've seen your cock lots of times. It's not that special. You don't have to get all modest now! I've already seen what you have!" 

I turned to him and said, "Why are you here? Fuck, you scared the life out of me!"

He said, "I guess you forgot that I was coming over to swim. I figured you had overslept or something, and you weren't answering your phone. I was actually worried, so I came over to check on you. I'm sorry I surprised you. But relax, man, it's fine." He was wearing swimming trunks and was carrying a towel.

And then he reached down and started playing with my cock! As shocked as I was in the living room, I was even more surprised by his hand all over my cock and balls! 

I jumped back. "Kent! What the hell!" I couldn't believe what he just did! I've never had another guy touch my cock. And Kent is my best friend! He's married, for Christ's sake!

He came closer again, reached out again and said, "I just thought you could use some help getting over the line. What are friends for? I just want to help you finish what you started." 

God help me, but his hand felt so fucking good as he caressed my cock and held my balls in the palm of his hand. He was looking right at me, keeping eye contact and gauging my reactions. I think he was trying to figure out if I would hit him.

But fuck, it felt so fucking good. In spite of everything, I had been so close to cumming and my balls had been begging for release. Even though I was still in shock, my cock knew what to do. It was stiffening and growing, looking for some help. 

I said, "OK, Kent, party's over. You've had your fun and all, and you scared the shit out of me, but let's just go play golf. Come on." I tried to pull away, but his grip was insistent, and he was starting to slowly stroke my cock. He was looking down at it now, and I was nearly at full staff. I tried to move, but it just felt so damn good. 

I said, "Fuck, Kent, I didn't know you were gay. How could I not know? We have been friends forever."

Still stroking, still staring at my cock, he said, "I'm not gay. I've never done this before. I just saw you and I felt like I wanted to touch it. I don't know, why I had to touch you."

I was still trying to move back but I wasn't really trying too hard to get away. I ran into the bed behind me, and I sort of sat down on the edge. Kent held on, like he had found a new toy and no one was going to get it away from him. 

I fell backwards onto the bed, my legs bent at the knee. My feet were barely touching the floor, but the rest of my body was on the bed. I groaned, threw my arm over my face and said, "Come on, Kent, fuck. You don't really want to do this. We have to stop." But my heart wasn't in it. It just felt so damn good to let him work on me. 

But he didn't stop, and he didn't say anything. He just kept stroking, slowly, deliberately. I knew he was staring at my cock and watching it grow and stiffen. I could feel some pre-cum now, running down the head, just above his hand. It was probably getting all over his knuckles, but he didn't stop. 

And I knew that I couldn't stop him, that I wouldn't stop him. Even though I had zero sexual feelings for him, it felt so good. I didn't think about what we were doing or who it was; I was just enjoying every little sensation that he gave me. 

I could feel him moving, but I didn't want to look. I could feel him standing between my legs, so I spread my knees and let him get closer. All of a sudden he stopped stroking and let go of me. I almost whimpered, because I didn't want the feelings to stop now. 

And then I felt his warm wet mouth on my cock. He held my cock straight up and was sucking the head of my cock! Oh fuck! It was all I could do to not cum right then! I couldn't believe that my best friend was sucking me off! 

He was working my cock further into his mouth, a little bit at a time, up and down, taking more with each passing moment. He would gag a little bit now and then, and he would pull back from me, but then he went right back to it, not stopping. 

Now I love my wife, but I haven't had a blowjob in at least 10 years. Sex with Eleanor was wonderful but we didn't do anything too crazy. Blowjobs went away a long time ago. And I had forgotten just how good it feels when someone is sucking and licking my cock. It's one of the best feelings that a man can have.

I took my arm away from my face, and I gently put my hand on Kent's head, holding him while he continued to work on me. I ran my fingers through his hair and said, "That's so good, baby. Keep sucking. Don't stop. I'm so close. You're so good, baby."

I heard a muffled sound come from him, but I have no idea what he was saying. He clamped down on my cock and shoved that dick all the way into his mouth! His nose was in my pubes, and I could feel the head shoving against the back of his throat.

"Oh fuck, I'm cumming!", and I shot a hard load, shot after shot. He kept his head in place and I could feel the cum covering his throat. He was trying to swallow but he couldn't get it all, and that was more than ok.

After I calmed down and let out a big sigh, Kent finally popped my cock out of his mouth. He looked at me, smiled and said, "Well that was interesting."

i laughed. Kent would always be my friend, no matter what. I just didn't know where we go from here. He stood up and tried to compose himself, but he had my cum on his lips and chin. And his cock was stiff as a board in his shorts. A big board. Fuck.

Kent looked a little embarrassed and went into the bathroom to clean up. I got on the bed fully and laid back, not worried about getting dressed. I wanted to enjoy being nude for a little while. I didn't think that Kent would care. 

When he came back, he had a really sheepish grin on his face, like a little boy who had been caught stealing a cookie. I said, "Kent, what the fuck just happened?" His cock had gone down some, but it was still

Kent just stood there, on the other side of the room. He wasn't going to come over to the bed, I guess. Finally, he said, "I don't know. I've never done anything like that before, never even thought about doing it. But when I saw you working on your cock, something just came over me. I'm not gay, Johnny, believe me. I just wanted to feel it. And then, well, I guess I got carried away."

His cock was still hard in his shorts. He stood there, not moving, but I could tell that he needed me to reassure him that everything was alright. And yeah, everything was fine. Just a little harmless fun with my best friend, right? 

Our relationship is not a hugging one. If I want to show my feelings for him, I'm more likely to hit his arm with my fist. I got up from the bed and went over to him, and I grabbed him and pulled him into a bear hug. He put his arms around my chest and hugged me back. 

"Oh Kent, you're the best friend a guy could have. Nothing will change that. It just happened. No harm done. And I should say that you are a hell of a cocksucker!"

While we were hugging, I could feel his cock pressing hard against my leg. I released my hold and stood back a little bit. I just stood there for a minute, and then I figured, why not. So I reached out and put my hand against his stiff package. It felt weird, but not that bad. I said, "It looks like you could use a hand too?" 

Kent groaned and said, "Johnny, you don't have to do that. It's ok. I'm fine. I'll get in the pool and everything will be fine." But I knew better, and I wanted to return the favor. So I tugged on his shorts and started pulling them down. He moved his hips to help me, and soon his cock was out in plain view. And fuck me it was big. I thought I had a big cock, about 7 inches, but his was at least 8 and it was thick. Not like beer can thick, but definitely bigger than mine. 

I pulled his shorts off the rest of the way and, as he stepped out of them, I reached out to hold his cock. He was so fucking hard already, I could feel the urgency throbbing from it. I whispered, "It's your turn to lay down and relax, I think.", and I started moving back to the bed. 

He still said nothing, but words weren't necessary. I've known the same feeling he had right then. It was that aching need in your balls that makes you want to fuck anything that might get you off. He was in need, big time. The pre-cum was dripping from him by the time he got on the bed. He laid down, and I climbed on and knelt next to him. I grabbed his cock again and started stroking it. 

Once I got over the size of the thing, I tried to get used to the differences from feeling my own. It felt like mine, sort of, but I guess I didn't notice how it can feel hard and yet soft at the same time. I could feel my own cock stirring again, but it wasn't my turn, so I tried to keep my focus on Kent. I kept stroking him, and I said, "I'm not sure if I can get you into my mouth, Kent. You're so fucking big. God, what did you eat when you were a kid?"

He laughed. "Yeah, I've heard that. But yours is nice too. It felt perfect in my hand." 

I was stroking a little faster, and he was responding, his hips moving and trying to pump away at my hand. He was close already. He said, "Johnny, that feels so good. I'm almost there, don't stop. Oh man that feels good."

And then I realized that I wanted to taste him, to know what it was like to have another man's cock in my mouth. So I stopped thinking and just bent over him and shoved as much of it as I could into my mouth. He said, "Fuck!", and was trying to fuck my mouth and cum as soon as he could.

But I had taken too much and I gagged, so I pulled off of it and started stroking. Once I got over the gagging, I bent down again and took just the head into my mouth, and I kept stroking while I played my tongue over the head. 

I can't say that I loved it at first, but I did enjoy making my best friend feel good. He was in my control, and I loved that feeling. I decided to try again, so I did my best to relax and take more of his cock into my mouth. I was drooling all over him, but I could get at least halfway down. He was loving it, and, seconds later, I heard, "I'm cumming, Johnny!" 

I didn't pull back even though I wanted to. But when I felt the first splash in my mouth, something came over me and I wanted to taste more. I shoved down on his cock and did my best to get every last drop. I sucked hard and licked and swallowed and gagged, and I tried to drain him. That feeling of having him shoot into my mouth was one that I will never forget. I could feel the power shooting out of him and coming into me. I was literally like a blast of energy. I never imagined it could be just as good to suck as it was for him to suck me. But it was so fucking hot when he came. I almost came again just from the sensations. I was definitely hard again. 

He finally finished and I pulled away, wiping my mouth with my bare arm. He looked at me but didn't say anything. He just gave me this look of, yes, love, that I cannot describe to you. We had connected on some animalistic level and I think we were both trying to understand it. But I knew that we would always be friends. 

Finally, I slapped his thigh and got up to wash my face. I could still taste his cum, but it wasn't bad at all. I thought, I could get used to it, but then I immediately said to myself, what the hell do you mean by that?

I went back to the bedroom, and Kent had gotten up and was tying up his trunks again. He said, "Let's swim."

I said, "Ok, but I think I'm going without a suit. I feel like being naked." 

He laughed. "Careful, you might get me worked up again."

I looked him in the eyes and said, "Maybe you should be naked too."

And Kent looked me square in the eye, smiled, and said, "OK, but we shouldn't stay out there too long that way. We might get a nasty burn on our cocks. But maybe we could just stay naked when we come back in. I don't think I would mind too much."

I wonder if he saw my cock jump when he said that.