 We went out to the pool and swam for a while. It felt great to relax and be nude. I don't know why it mattered to not have my suit on, but it changed everything for me. I loved it and I know that I'll go without a suit more often.

We just relaxed and swam and talked. No funny business at all. Well, almost none. I did "accidentally" let Kent's cock rub on my ass once, but nothing came of it.

After 20 minutes or so, I decided that I wanted a beer, so I got out and went to the kitchen. Brought one back out for Kent, so he jumped out and came over to get it from me.

I just realized that I never described Kent. I'm sure he didn't think of himself as sexy, but he did get his fair share of girls back in the day. He's not quite as tall as me, but he's a lot more muscular. He lifts, and I don't. So, let's say he's 5-10, maybe 5-11, and I would guess that he's around 190. He has green eyes and has more hair on his body than I do, but it's not like he's furry or anything.

I tell you all of this because, as he walked over to grab the beer, I actually looked at him for the first time, and I realized that the guy is a hunk. I'm surprised that women aren't crawling all over him. I thought I was in shape but he's really worked on keeping toned without too much bulk. My mind started going to places that I have never gone before. Yeah, I looked at him. We had just sucked each other off, so I think I have a right to check him out a little bit.

And yes, his body was nice, but I also stared at his crotch as well. Now that he was soft, he didn't look as big as he became. But he was bigger than I am when soft, and his balls hung down and it all bounced as he moved. He was making my junk move now, but in a different way.

I handed him his beer and we clinked bottles. We both took a pull, and words didn't seem to come. I mean, what do you say after you suck a guy? "Hey, Kent, I enjoyed having your penis in my mouth. Your spunk tastes great, by the way." Yeah, that ain't likely to happen.

The conversation stalled, and Kent went to grab his towel. And yeah, again, I watched his tight ass as he walked. Fuck, am I gay now? I've never thought about guys at all, and now I'm watching my best friend's ass?

I heard, "Johnny, do you want your towel?" I said, "Sure, thanks.", and Kent grabbed it and we made our way back inside. He didn't wrap up, and neither did I. Just two middle-aged buddies strutting their stuff like it's no big deal.

"Hungry, Kent? Want a sandwich or something?" I went over to the fridge and was going to find some ham and cheese.

He said, "Hang on a minute. I think we need to talk first, ok? This, we, can't get weird or we're fucked. I want to make sure we are ok first."

So I closed the fridge and we made our way out to the living room to sit. I said, "Kent, here's the truth. I fucking loved it. I never imagined having something like this happen, and definitely not between the two of us, but it did and I really loved it. I want to do it again. There, that's the truth."

He said, "What did you love? Tell me what you liked. I have to understand that you're not just messing with me. You could easily blame me, and that would kill me. I fucking love you, man. Not like LOVE love, but you're more of a brother than a friend. I'm so sorry if I screwed that up." He was upset, and I honestly thought that he might lose it.

I sighed, and then I said, "I loved having your cock in my mouth. I loved the feel of it, the taste of it, the way it grew as I sucked. I loved the taste of your cum when you finished. Yeah, I loved it all. And, seriously, it makes me wonder what else I would enjoy. Shit, man, I'm not upset. If anything, I'm worried that I'll fuck this up."

He smiled, true kindness in his eyes. I mean, yeah, he and I have always been close, but I don't know that we have had five serious conversations in all those years. I mean, yeah, we are close and talk about a lot of shit, but not like this. Not where I get all vulnerable and express feelings. What the fuck was in that cum anyway? Does it cast a magic spell when you taste it?

He said, "I know what you mean, Johnny. Fuck, I never intended to do any of that shit when I got here. I was just teasing you, trying to get you mad. I was fucking teasing. At first. And then, well, then I realized that I wondered what it would be like to, you know, suck it. I so I did, but then when you sucked me, fuck. That was mind-blowing.

"And I want more, dammit. If you had said that you didn't want to do it again, then I would have been ok with it, but I do want you."

I said, "What did you like?"

He said, "Everything. I guess I liked having you suck me off the most, but there wasn't anything that I wouldn't do again."

My cock was stirring by this point, and so was Kent's. I said, "Show me. I want to watch you jack off. Show me your cock."

He moved his hips forward a little on the couch and grabbed his cock, rubbing it slowly. I said, "Does it feel good? Do you like having me watch you?" He grunted and nodded yes, still stroking. He was almost fully hard already, and I was too. It was so hot to just watch him.

He was using long strokes, from the root to the head, not trying to cum, but enjoying the feeling. "Feel good?", I said.

He nodded, eyes closed, head back. He was into it now. I stood up and went over to him, kneeling in front of him while he continued to stroke. He opened his eyes a little and said, "Do you want to suck it?" He pointed it towards me, and i took the head into my mouth. God, it was amazing. The pulsing of it in my mouth, just from that little action, I loved that. I could feel the sensation all the way down to my own cock.

Kent inhaled sharply when I first took it, and then he groaned. I took his cock from him and started stroking it for him. I took him a little deeper in my mouth, licking all over it as I sucked. He was just so big. I loved how he filled my mouth, and I had this quick thought go through my head: I wonder what it would be like have him fuck me with this monster.

Whoa. Where did that come from? I must have stopped sucking, because Kent said, "Johnny? Are you ok?" I popped his cock out of my mouth and said, "More than ok, this is so hot. God you taste good."

I leaned forward to suck him again, but he sat back up and said, "Hey, let's go back to bed, ok? Do you mind?"

Hell no, I don't mind! I reluctantly let go of my new toy and got off the floor, my knees complaining a little bit at the movement. I started to head back to the bedroom, but Kent stopped me, grabbing my wrist as I turned to go. I turned back to see what was up.

He said, "I know this is weird, but I feel like hugging you. Do you mind?"

I said, "Come here, you big lug", and grabbed him and pulled him into my embrace. I said, "I'm not sure I want to kiss, though. That would seem very weird."

He shook his head, not wanting to go in that direction obviously. We both laughed.

As we hugged, I could feel his hard cock pointing straight out, and I kind of maneuvered it so that it "accidentally" went between my legs. I held it tight there, under my balls, and pulled him tight to me. My cock was hard and held tight against his stomach, and I just held him for a few seconds. I could feel his cock, the heat and the power coming from it. He started moving back and forth a little, and I groaned. "Fuck, Kent, that feels so fucking good."

He moved his arms down so that he was holding my hips and he started kind of fucking me by rubbing it between my legs. Oh my God, I almost came right then.

I said, out of breath, "You'd better stop that if you want to go back to the bedroom. I might not ever let you go." I moved back as he released me, and we headed back to the bedroom.

Once we got there, I pushed him onto the bed and then climbed up to get back to work on his cock, but he said, "My turn first. Lie down and let me taste it." I moved up to lie down on a pillow, and he sat below me and I spread my legs to give him room. He bent forward and held my cock, which was glistening with excitement. He licked the head and smacked his lips, then swallowed it down, nearly to the base.

I groaned and tried to fuck his mouth, holding his head while he sucked away. He took his right hand and started fondling my balls, weighing them in his hand, rubbing them gently between his fingers. Then he slid his fingers forward, working his way back to my ass. I moved my legs wider without even realizing it, and he started rubbing further and further back, on his way to my asshole.

The combination of the sucking and the fingering had me on edge, and I was loving it. I was humping my hips, but he moved off of my cock. He said, "Do you want me to play with your ass? Would you like that, baby?"

I moaned and spread my legs a little wider, and his finger went right to my hole. He pushed against it, not in but feeling the muscles push back. Even that little bit of movement was shocking, and I almost jumped. He said, "I guess that's good, huh? Let's see what else we can do."

He pushed the tip of his middle finger past my sphincter and slid inside, less than an inch but enough to make my head spin. It hurt a little, but the sensations were too much to worry about a little pain. I said, "Oh fuck, that's amazing." He pulled out, then spit on his finger and went right back to it, working it further and further inside.

I was moaning nonstop now, and I grabbed my cock and started furiously stroking, desperate to cum. He grabbed my hand and stopped me, saying, "Hang on, I'll take care of you. Just relax and enjoy."

I had my legs almost up in the air at this point, trying to give him room to do whatever he wanted. I groaned, "Oh fuck, Kent, fuck me! I want to feel your cock!" He bent down and spit on my ass, then added his index finger to his assault on my ass. He had those fingers in all the way, and it felt so good.

I didn't really think he would fuck me, and I wasn't sure I had really thought that through, but I knew I was enjoying his hand and wanted more. But then he said, "Do you really want me to? I'll do it if you want to. I'd love to fuck you, baby." And he bent down and sucked my cock all the way down again.

I groaned and said, "Oh god, Kent, I don't know. I just know how good your hand feels. I guess I'm willing to try at least."

Kent said, "Do you have any lube? I can't, I mean, it won't fit without something."

I said, "Yeah, lube in the nightstand over there.", pointing to Eleanor's side of the bed.

He pulled his hand away, lifted away from my cock and crawled over to the nightstand. I almost whimpered because of him stopping, but now I was starting to think that this wasn't a great idea. That cock of his could rip me in two.

As he was looking in the drawer, his cock was right by my face, so i leaned over and took him into my mouth, savoring the taste once again. God, I was so horny now that I would do almost anything at this point.

He found the lube and I reluctantly pulled away from his cock, and he crawled back to me. I spread my legs again and tilted my hips so that he might have a good angle at my hole. He knelt between my legs, his cock pointing at me, glistening there for me. It was so big and so hard, I worried about it. But I also knew that I wanted to try at least.

He squirted some lube on his cock and spread it around, then put some on my ass and started working it inside with two fingers. It felt even better now that I had more lube, and he slid inside easily. But just as I was really getting into the sensations, he pulled them away and moved up so that his cock was next to my ass. I said, "Be gentle, Kent, I've never done anything like this before."

He said, "Johnny, I won't hurt you if I can help it. I'll stop whenever you say so." I nodded, and he took his cock in his hand and held it up to my ass. He pushed it against my hole, and I tensed up, fearing the worst. But he said, "Baby, it won't go in if you do that. Try to relax, ok?", and I tried to concentrate on my breathing as I felt him put more pressure on my hole.

I honestly thought I was loosened up from his fingers, but his cock was much bigger. The pressure against me continued, and then I felt my ass open and the cock head go in. Oh my fucking god, I have never felt so good and so bad at the same time. I said, "Fuck! Hang on! Let me get used to it.", and he just held it there for a little while.

Soon enough, though, I calmed down, the pain eased and I said, "Ok, let's try some more."

He pushed it in a little further, and starting moving in and out, a little bit at a time. God, he was big. That's all I could think while he started moving more and more, deeper and deeper. He had moved so that he was on top of me, like we were fucking. Well, I guess we were.

Yeah, he was big, but it really wasn't hurting anymore. It actually felt great, but I felt like he was boring his way into my soul. I felt his balls slapping against me with every thrust. He was in all the way. I was actually taking the whole thing.

He was getting into it now. He was much less worried about me now, so he focused on fucking. It was long strokes at first, but he was moving faster now and pounding me harder. He was really working hard, and I was so happy to just lie there and let him have his way with me. And with every thrust, his torso would grind against my cock, and it was driving me nuts. I was actually close to cumming from all of this. I was making a lot of noise and talking to him, "Give it to me, fuck my virgin ass baby, I love having you so deep inside me. Oh fuck you're so good." I reached down and pulled his ass against me so that he knew I wanted all he could give. He was really pounding, and I knew he was close, and so was I.

He was above me, concentrating on the sensations, I was loving every move he made. His chest was close, so I lifted my head up and sucked his nipple, and he let out a deep grunt, yelled, "OH FUCK!", and he came inside my ass. His beautiful cock was pumping and throbbing. I could feel it pulsing with every shot, and that was all I could take. I grabbed my cock and started stroking as fast as I could, and then I shot my wad all over us. It hit me in the face, hit his chest, everywhere.

Kent collapsed on me, and I held him there. He said, "That was fucking amazing, John. God that was so hot. Are you ok?"

I pulled him a little closer and said, "Oh yes, that was great. It was so good, so fucking good. I loved every minute of it!"

He pushed up above me again so that he could look into my eyes, and he saw that I was serious. Then he leaned down and I thought he was going to kiss me. But he didn't. He just came close to my face for some reason.

I could feel his cock softening and he pulled out, his cum dribbling out of my ass. I'll never forget his cum running down my ass, knowing that he had just bred me a few minutes earlier.

He jumped up, went to the restroom, and soon brought me a wet towel to clean up with. I said, "Hey, why don't you start the shower, and we can clean up, ok?" He nodded, and I heard the shower start.

Once I got the cum cleaned up enough a little, I rolled off the bed and went slowly to join Kent in the bathroom. I hurt, I was sore, but I also was euphoric. I never felt anything like that, and it stirred something in me that I wanted to know more about. I still don't think I'm gay or even bi, but I know that I loved getting fucked in the ass.

I went in and met Kent in the shower, and we laughed and talked and we were just buddies again. We decided to go get pizza for dinner, so we got dressed and headed out. I said, "Kent, what's next?"

And he said, "Hell, I don't know. I just know that I had the best sex I've had in years, with someone that I really care about. I want to see how it all goes, but I know I loved fucking you. I hope you liked it as much as I did."

I looked at him, and just said, "I'm glad I have a friend like you. With such a beautiful cock."

He punched me in the arm, and we both knew that everything was just fine.

I have the next story written, but it involves straight and gay sex. I'm not sure where to put it, so suggestions are appreciated. Thanks for the kind comments. 