 I grew up in a small town in Central Texas and lived there until I went away to college.

I had a very regular life until I returned from my first year in college. That is when an event happened that forever changed my life.

It was three days before my 19th birthday and I was mowing the lawn when I noticed our neighbor Mr. Rice unloading a whole bunch of lumber out of his truck and into his garage.

Mr. Rice had lived in that house as far back as I could remember. He had been alone since divorcing his wife a few years earlier and I never saw other women coming or going.

He was in his early 40s by this time but I always thought he was older than that, however he kept himself in great shape. He was always running around the neighborhood or swimming laps in his pool.

I have always been a curious sort of person as far back as I can remember. So, when I saw Mr. Rice unloading all the plywood and 2x4s, I just had to find out what was going on.

When I finished the yard work, I went over to Mr. Rice's house and knocked on the door. When he opened the door, all he was wearing was the shorts he had on when unloading the truck.

"Hey Jerry, what's going on?" he said.

"I saw you unloading all the wood. Watcha building?"

"I'm remodeling my bedroom and bathroom. Want to see the plans?"

Now, I knew my way around a woodshop and was good with power tools. Mr. Rice had helped me with a couple of projects when I was getting started, when my dad was out of town on business.

I could not resist looking at blueprints and examining what the final project was going to look like. Always had a thing for drafting and was pursuing a degree on architecture.

I did not know that Mr. Rice had a CAD (computer-aided design) system that he bought with the money he got from his grandfather's inheritance.

When we got into his study and began looking at the plans, the first thing I noticed was the dimensions of the renovation weren't matching the square footage of the two existing rooms.

"Very observant Jerry. I am tearing down that wall on both rooms and extending it out 10 feet. I could use your help tomorrow when I begin."

Since tomorrow was a Saturday, and I had already finished the yard work, I told him OK. When I got back home, I told Mom I was going to help Mr. Rice, just in case she needed me for something since Dad was in Europe on business.

I went to bed excited that I was going to do some positive destruction and construction. Little did I know just how destructive and constructive my Saturday was going to be.

I woke up at 8 a.m. and fixed myself some breakfast. Mr. Rice asked if I could be there around 8:30 and I said that was fine.

8:30 on the nose, I knocked on his door wearing jeans, t-shirt, work gloves, work boots, safety glasses and a hard hat that Dad had given me on my 12th birthday.

"Nice look Jerry. You came ready to dive right in."

First thing we did was tear out the wallboard. That took the good part of an hour. Nothing like swinging a sledge hammer to get the testosterone flowing.

Once we got down to the studs, we had to put up some temporary bracing because the wall was load bearing. Then we took out the original studs and began framing up the new walls.

Mr. Rice had poured the new slab the week before so it would be cured. Once we had all the walls framed up, he and I drilled holes in the sole plates - he had set the anchor bolts in the slab while the concrete was still wet.

We took a break at this point and he asked if I would like a beer. I accepted.

After finishing the beer, we returned to the project. It took us 45 minutes to get the new walls up and mounted.

After securing the walls to the slab, we began framing the roof. I had never seen a new roof being attached to an existing structure and getting a chance to observe and participate was fascinating.

I'm not sure how long it took us to frame up the roof, but we needed a break - the day was a lot warmer than predicted.

We went into the house and had a couple more beers each. Since it was still early afternoon, we decided to stop right there and pick things up tomorrow.

Since we had never spent any time together, we started asking each other questions about each other's lives.

I found out that he had caught his wife with another woman and kicked her butt to the curb. While the affair hurt him tremendously, he and his ex were still friendly towards each other.

He asked me about girlfriends and if I was still a virgin, I told him about Sally, my first, and how it came to be. We were at the lake making out and one thing led to another - fortunately both of us had a condom.

I had to get up and relieve myself and when I stood up, I stumbled a little. Guess I had more than I thought as I made my way to the bathroom.

When I returned, I saw a bottle of Jack Daniels Black on the coffee table. Mr. Rice had poured two glasses and asked if I had ever tried it.

Admitting to him I this would be a first, he warned me to drink it slowly. The first sip burned and I embarrassingly coughed a little.

"That's OK. I did warn you."

We continued to talk and drink and after a while, I began to have trouble focusing. I realized that I was drunk, not slobbering drunk but having a good time drunk.

I had to go to the bathroom again. This time I did have trouble making it there and back, bumping into the walls a couple of times. Returning to the couch, I saw the clock and noticed it was 5:15 and we had been drinking Jack Black for three hours.

When I sat back on the couch, Mr. Rice had moved from the love seat to the middle of the couch. As I reached for my drink, I had trouble getting my hand around it.

Mr. Rice took the glass and put my hand around it. I took a sip and Mr. Rice put his hand under the glass holding it up so I had to finish the drink.

As I took the glass from my mouth, he took it out of my hand and set it on the table. We continued to talk and I became very heavy headed. I leaned my head against the back of the couch and closed my eyes.

After a few minutes, I thought I felt a hand on my crotch. Opening my eyes, I blurrily saw Mr. Rice looking at me with a small grin.

I looked down and his hand was rubbing my crotch, getting me hard. I froze, not knowing what to do.

He got me rock hard very quickly and continued rubbing. Eventually he unzipped my jeans and pulled my cock out.

I very soon realized what was happening and pushed his hand away and tried to get myself back together. Now all the alcohol had taken effect and I had no defense to his offense.

I kept on trying to halt his advances. After some time, it started to feel very good and leaned my head back. I rolled my head over and realized he had snuggled up against me and my head was resting on his shoulder.

"You like this?"

All I could do was moan. I guess he liked that because placed his hand on the other side of my head and began running his fingers through my hair.

"Trust me, this was not planned. But when I saw you stumbling around, I got turned on. I used to get turned on seeing my wife drunk and seeing you that way got me hard."

With that, he took my hand and put it on his crotch. It was like feeling granite.

It did me no good to try and open my eyes because I could barely see clearly two feet in front of me. Mr. Rice unzipped his pants, took his cock out and placed my hand around it.

"Just do what feels good to you. I'm sure you'll the hang of it."

I was still unsure what to do so he took his hand and began pulling on the head of mine. That sent electricity throughout my body - I shivered.

"Now you know what to do."

I grabbed the base of the head and began pulling on it. I heard him moan when he said "Perfect."

He continued doing that to me when I felt some precum leak out. I was embarrassed but all he did was smear it all over my cock - felt great.

The more that came out, the more he spread around. Then he smeared some on my lips, which I licked up, even drawing his covered finger into my mouth.

"I have ever done anything with another guy," he said. "But it feels so good I don't want to stop."

He was making me feel so good but I was still having the internal conflict - stop vs. go on.

I opened my eyes and tried to ask him to stop, he lowered his head onto my cock. A big gasp escaped my lips and that was the final straw - I was now putty.

In what seemed like an eternity, he bobbed up and down on my very hard cock. Licking and scraping his teeth along the shaft, every nerve in my body was now on high alert.

He stopped for a minute and pulled my jeans and boxers off. Then he got between my legs and continued.

I didn't know what to do so I just put my hands on the sides of his head and began caressing his hair. I had always wondered what a blow job felt like, but not one administered by a guy.

No matter, I felt incredible. I was in physical heaven. At this point, there is no place I'd rather have been or anything I'd rather be doing than where I was and what I was doing right then and there.

It didn't matter that it was with Mr. Rice, much less a guy. No one had ever made me feel like this and I wanted it to continue.

Mr. Rice then began running his finger in my crack, up and down and that was like connecting me to a battery with jumper cables. I nearly pushed myself up and off the couch.

It was also enough to start me cumming. There were times I had intense orgasms while jacking off or with Sally, but never anything like this.

My toes curled, my legs cramped and my stomach crunched. I thought my cock had blasted off across the room.

I couldn't stop cumming. I would not have been surprised if my toes had come out mixed up in my cum.

I was lying down on the couch when I opened my eyes. "What happened?"

"You passed out. Was it that good?"

"I have never felt anything like that before. What happens now?"

"I don't know Jerry. And please call me Don. Stay here for a while so you can regroup and head home. Your mom called her a few minutes ago and I told her you were napping. You need to sober up before you go home."

It was 8 o'clock when I made my way back home. When I entered, Mom asked my if everything was OK. I said yes, I was just tired - it was hard work.

Even though I was very tired, I had trouble going to sleep. All I could think about was what had happened and how good it felt.

My cock got hard and I began stroking. I realized that I need to head to the bathroom or I was going to have a mess in the bed and never get to sleep.

It took me all of five minutes before I came. Although it wasn't as intense as earlier in the day, it served its purpose. I went back to the bed and soon fell asleep.

I had told Don I would be over again Sunday to help some more with the reno. I really wanted to help and wasn't looking to continue what happened on the couch - that just happened.

I knocked on his door at 9 a.m., ready to get to work. First thing we did was sheathe the roof and put on the shingles.

We were starting to enclose the outside of the room when it started to rain. Mr. Rice ran into the garage and grabbed the tarp - we stapled it to the soffit and went inside to wait it out.

Mr. Rice offered me some breakfast and I accepted. I was a little hung over from Saturday but also hungry.

After waiting three hours, Mr. Rice asked if I want to give up on today and pick up tomorrow. I said let's wait and see.

That was at noon. He turned on the TV and we started watching the Rangers' game. He got a bottle of tequila and asked if I wanted a shot.

I said yes and he brought out two shot glasses and we went at it. I asked him if he was trying to get me drunk again and all he could do was smile.

After some time, both of us were blasted and very giggly, like a couple of school girls.

He got up to go to the bathroom and fell almost immediately.

I slurred out "Need help sir?"

"I said Don and no I don't."

When he stumbled back into the room, I had to go. I was worse off than he was and he HAD to help me.

When I was finished, I opened the door and he was leaning against the wall, waiting to help me back.

I put my arm on his shoulder and we both stumbled back to the living room.

Before we got back to the couch, he stopped me in the middle of the room and had me just stand there. All I could do was sway back and forth, almost falling over twice.

He said, "Try this." And he spread my legs a little to increase my base.

It did steady me a little and that's what he wanted.

He stood up behind me and began rubbing my stomach. It felt good.

"I have been thinking about yesterday ever since you went home last night. I just can't help myself. seeing you drunk turns me on so much."

"I can tell by the bulge in my ass."

With that, he unzipped my pants and undid the belt. It took some effort but he eventually got my jeans to the floor, where I gingerly stepped out of them.

Saturday, I was nervous, scared and excited. Sunday? Once he started I couldn't wait.

Next came my boxers and that took no time at all getting them off me. So, there I was, swaying to a fro and naked from the waist down with a hard on that could have cut diamonds.

But he didn't even bother to touch it. He took some of his own precum and wiped it off with his finger and began spreading it all around my ass hole.

It felt good him spreading it around and he popped his finger in with the precum covering it. He started slowly moving his finger in and out and the feeling was incredible.

I tried closing my eyes but when I did, he had to catch me to steady me. Seems like I can turn to putty in his hands very quickly.

I found myself trying to push his finger out and each time I did, he shoved it right back in. This when on for a few minutes when he started brushing up against my prostate.

I had an enema once when I was 10 because of severe constipation and it felt somewhat the same, but not this good.

"Oh god Mr. Rice. This feels so good."

"Don!" and he shoved his finger in harder.

All I could do was moan very loudly and drop to my knees. He continued this for some time until I started coming. I sprayed cum into a big puddle.

I just kept cumming, I couldn't stop. I finally slowed down and he gathered up some in his hand and spread it all over his cock.

He lifted me up to where I was on my hands and knees, and spread my cheeks. I figured out knew what was happening and didn't care. I was so turned.

He slowly pushed the head of his cock into my hole. It hurt a little but not much - I guess it was because of his finger work.

I moaned and laid my head on the floor. He slowly began to pump is cock in and out. It felt incredible.

I began to reach for my cock and he slapped my hand away. My cock got rock hard and just dangled, not even moving with his thrusts.

He grabbed a handful of hair and pulled my head back. All I could do was open my mouth and scream.

He let go of my hair and grabbed my hips. He started thrusting wildly. I couldn't keep my body up with my arms - I just laid my head on the floor with my arms out in front of me and closed my eyes.

I could feel myself starting to cum again. The first couple of spurts hit me in the face.

I passed out again. When I woke up, we were sitting on the couch, his arm under my shoulder and cuddling me.

I was very relaxed and felt very secure. I reached over and began stroking his limp cock to life.

I soon had him hard and extricated it from his shorts.

I saw some precum leak out and lowered my head to lick it off. A little voice in me said "Open your mouth."

I lowered my head and slowly took his cock in my mouth. I gagged and had to lift my head up.

"Relax your tongue. This will open your throat."

I asked him how he knew this. He told me he asked a former girlfriend how she could take his entire length and she said relaxing the tongue was the key.

She told him she had practice on a popsicle and a banana. She said if she was going to practice, she might as well enjoy it.

I relaxed my tongue and my head went a little further down.

That's good. You're getting the hang of it."

After a couple of minutes, I figured out how to set my tongue and was soon brushing my nose against his hair and my chin against his balls.

This went on for what seemed like an hour but it was only about five minutes. I told him I wasn't ready to swallow when he came.

My jaw was becoming very uncomfortable to I took a break and just jacked him. I was amazed as to how long he was taking to cum.

Since it seemed like this was going to be a long affair, I took his cock back in my mouth. Within seconds he exploded.

His cum was hitting the back of my throat as I started to choke. He pulled my head off and continued to cum - he was making a mess.

What little cum I had in my mouth didn't taste all that bad.

After we cleaned up, both taking a shower in the other bathroom, we sat back on the couch.

"I can't control myself around you."

"Stop feeding me alcohol might help."

We both laughed.

He then lifted my chin up and lowered his lips to mine.

"I will try not to. No more alcohol."

"I didn't say stop. I said stop feeding me alcohol might help."

It took us another week to finish the remodel. We found other things to work on.