 An acquaintance had suggested I stop in and visit his friends when he found out I would be motorcycling literally right past their front gate.

On my third day on the road, I turned off the highway in northern Nevada and slowly made my way down the mile-long lane to their desert hide-away that they called Hole-in-the-Wall, in honor of the outlaws who had once roamed the region.

The "cabin" was actually a modest little house that they had rescued from the ravages of the harsh environment and turned into a home and art studio.

Frank and Bob were in their late thirties, I was still in my early twenties, and they seemed quite pleased at my arrival. I was only partially prepared for how welcoming my hosts would be.

It was late in the afternoon when I showed up, just in time for a cold beer on the veranda before some grilled steaks. After supper and another beer, it was time for a shower, as I had been tenting the two previous nights and needed a good cleaning. After cleaning up, I found them coffeeing back on the veranda, enjoying the stars and the quiet. The highway was over the brow of a ridge, and traffic was rare. About the only sounds were the occasional airliner high overhead.

The conversation was good, mostly concerning the art market and common friends and acquaintances, but soon the hour grew late.

When we rose for bed, Bob bent down and whispered an invitation to join them for some play time, with a quick explanation of the "rules". I was instantly hard with anticipation.

As invited, I entered their bedroom naked 20 minutes later. I found them entwined in embrace, mouths locked together, hands massaging each other's hard cocks. I selected a dildo from one of several on a shelf, and lubed it up before settling on the big easy chair near the bed.

As I watched and stroked my own cock, they rotated around and began to 69 each other to a soundtrack of deep, pleasure-filled moans. I salivated at the thought of sucking on each of their thick man-roots and having my mouth filled with hot spurts of sticky jizz.

I lifted a leg up on to the arm of the chair and pushed the dildo against my hole until my sphincter yielded and it slid into me with a soft slurping sound. I almost came.

My hosts were audibly nearing orgasm, and I let go of my cock and just gently pistoned the toy in my asshole while I watched these two seasoned lovers experience their passions.

They came almost together, exploding into each other's mouths, hips thrusting orgasmically, hot mancream spilling from their lips as their moans filled the room. I wanted desperately to kiss each of them and share in the bounty of their loins, but held back, knowing that my turn would come.

Bob was on top, and he flashed me a cummy smile before he rotated and pulled Frank's legs up over his shoulders. His lover slathered Bob's still hard love shaft with lube, then drew it to his love hole. As their mouths came together, Bob pressed his hips forward and his surging manhood was encased within the warm embrace of Frank's eager hole.

Their fuck was intense. Their mouths stayed locked together for minutes at a time, tongues interlocked. Frank literally wrapped his legs around his impaler, and his right hand found his lovers' own opening and he slipped two fingers into Bob's own enticing pucker hole.

I was in the perfect spot to watch Bob's big cock fucking in and out with excruciatingly exquisite rhythm. Slowly out until I could just see the edge of his cock head, then slowly plunging balls deep, again and again and again. I matched his rhythm with my toy, and imagined the warmth of real flesh inside me.

I began to moan with pleasure as my own climax began to draw tantalizingly near. I decided to try and go for it hands-free, concentrating on using the fuck toy and the turn-on of the passionate fucking of my hosts to bring me to eruption.

When I came, it was glorious! I cried out with pleasure, and my cock spewed gossamer streamers of thick love cream all over my belly as my hosts, alerted by my cries, watched in appreciation.

As my climax passed, Frank held a hand out to me and I joined them on the bed. They greedily licked at the spunk smeared on my body and dribbled down my cock, and and then their own cries filled the house as they fucked to to completion. Thirty minutes later, I was asleep in the guest room, as visions of hot mansex danced in my head.

The next day we saddled up the horses and rode a trail to the top of the hills nearby. Frank had brought the camera, and took some pictures of the scenery. At Frank's urging, Bob and I disrobed, and Frank photographed us kissing and caressing each other against the backdrop of the high country.

In spite of the slightly chill wind, it was intensely erotic to be kissing and touching this hot, studly man while his lover took pictures of us just inches away.

Two hours later, we were back at the house. Bob had ridden back wearing only his briefs and cowboy boots, his erection proudly bulging his underwear.

He took me by the hand and led me to the house as Frank unsaddled the horses. Bob led me staright to the bedroom and nearly tore my clothes undressing me. I didn't resist. I knew that I was either going to get a mouthful or an ass full of cock and cum, preferably both.

Bob pulled me to the bed and positioned himself between my legs. When his mouth wrapped around my raging cock and sucked, I moaned with delight. As he mouth fucked my cock, his fingers found my hole, and he caressed it gently, readying me for love. My hands searched blindly and found the bottle of lube on the headboard.

I pushed him back and let him watch as I poured a copious dollop of lube on my scrotum and worked it into my asshole with first one, then two, then three fingers. Then I poured some on his cock and lovingly slicked him up with my hand before guiding pulling his body close with one hand, and guiding his rigid shaft to my fuck-hole with the other.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" I cried when his bulbous glans broached my anal ring and his thick manhood began to fill me. It seemed like I hadn't been fucked in ages, and the pressure of his big love shaft stretching and filling my hungry asshole filled me with ecstasy.

I felt Frank's weight on the bed, and turned my head to find his own manly love shaft only inches from my face. I opened my mouth and Frank slid closer to me and began to fuck my mouth while he and Bob kissed.

Bob supported his weight on one arm, as well as mine, and used his free hand to masturbate his partner while I sucked. Frank's hand had found my slicked cock and was expertly stroking me while his lover fucked me like a stud. God it was hot!

I came with sudden intensity, my ass muscles squeezing the Bob's cock while my cock spewed a geyser of man milk out on to my belly. I cried out with joy as my jism spilled from my love stick, and the look of erotic entrancement on the faces of my two lovers as they watched my climax burst force drove me to a new level of excitement.

"Oh God!" I cried "Don't stop fucking me! I need your cum!" and then I sucked Frank's cock deeper into my mouth as Bob rammed his cock deep and let his hot jizz erupt into my waiting asshole. I gasped as my insides filled with silky warmth as his cock spasmed in orgasm. As he pumped his spunk into my belly I used my mouth to urge Frank forward. I wanted his cum! I needed it! 

I looked up at him and pulled my mouth from his beautiful cock. 

"You need to fuck me after you cum. I want you to make me cum, too." I purred.

He didn't disappoint me when he pressed forward and shoved his cock deeper into my mouth, then began to actually fuck my lips and tongue.

Bob was urging him on, still fucking me with exquisite rhythm.

"Cum for him, baby." he said in hoarse whisper "Cum for him like you do for me!"

And then hot, sweet spunk was spewing into my mouth and down my throat. I swallowed the first two spurts, almost reflexively, as though they were the stuff of life. There was more, much more. Spurt after hot spurt filled my mouth and spilled out at the corners of my lips.

When the last of his jizz had spilled forth, the three of us kissed eagerly, sharing the sticky treat. Then my ass was empty as Bob pulled out. I warm dribble of cream ran down my backside. Frank roughly pulled me around and I wrapped my legs around him and his thick fuck shaft slid easily into my cum-slicked love hole. We fucked. We fucked hard and easy at the same time. My body was on fire with lust, and I knew that my next orgasm was only moments away if I didn't try and slow it down. This was too good to let happen too quickly.

Bob's fingers found the cum on my belly, and he slid his fingers along the smears, then shared them with both myself and his lover.

As Frank rammed me with his fuck tool, Bob stroked himself to hardness and moved closer so that he could jerk off towards my face. We were intertwined as to be one, hips thrusting, cock pistoning, hand stroking.

I focused on bringing my fucker to climax, squeezing him with my ass muscles as he he made love to me. It was as though I could feel every vein in his love muscle as it probed my inner sanctum. I could almost feel his heart beat through right inside my asshole.

Like his partner had, Frank cried out with passion and drove his cock as deeply into me as he could as his hot sperm erupted inside me.

"Yes! Yes!" I cried as he came "Fuck me with your cum!" and again my rectum was filled with hot love nectar.

His orgasm was all I needed to go over the top once again, and my cock pulsed and more of my cream burst forth, then Bob's jism was splashing on my face and into my mouth as he, too, came a second time.

Their tongues lapped at the creamy droplets on my face and chest, and we kissed and shared the rewards of our lovemaking as our climaxes ebbed away. When Frank finally slipped from the embrace of my anal sheath, another warm dribble ran pleasurably down my backside.

I was finally satiated. It had been the most intense sex I had enjoyed in quite some time, and as I lay there between them, I realized I was going to be there for a few more days.

And they had toys. I almost got hard again.