 Lindsay showed maturity beyond his years. He had grown to his full height of 184 centimetres at age 14 and had since changed from a gangly teenager to a sinewy young athlete of 19. The most surprising feature of his appearance was his face. Most people estimating his age by his appearance would guess him to be in his early teens. 

Rate of maturity always interested me. I was frequently in awe of prodigious talent during early years. 

Lindsay's pubertal development was unremarkable, but where change rooms are concerned, coaches, trainers, tyros, even physiotherapists and dieticians and are frequently seen by one another, naked. 

Men and boys often get a distorted view of one another's sex organs. The communal showers were a place where sizes were noticed and inevi-tably, though tacitly, compared. Very short penises were often thought to be in an early state of arousal because they had no other angle but straight forward to rest in due to the shortness of them. Any that were longer than 5 centimetres would hang down. 

From flaccid to pre-erection, organs could grow to within 2 centime-tres of their erect length, while still hanging down, and would thicken when aroused while still lacking the hardness of a fully engorged penis. When males see one another naked, they like to be seen in this state. It gives the impression of a large penis. 

If a man or boy is becoming aroused and his member is about to harden, some will usually take measures to hide a swollen standing erection, as he will think he will be seen as turned on. 

When there are no others present, and a man becomes spontaneously erect, he will probably take no measures to conceal his hard-on and continue to shower openly. 

At the sports academy, I was frequently one of the last to make use of the showers as I was always slow to cool down after sustained physical exertion. As it was considered bad form to urinate in the showers, I would isolate myself in the toilet for a minute to do so before using the showers. If I wasn't alone in the shower it would be Lindsay who might still be there as he was a modest country boy who was unsure of protocols and would wait until most had showered and left. 

I watched him walk past my locker on his way to the shower and al-though well built, his sex organs were unremarkable with a circumcised penis of about 6 centimetres long.

One minute later as I rounded the entry to the athlete's communal showers, I saw him shampooing his hair with his eyes closed to protect them from the suds. As the suds trailed down his body, I watched as his young cock transforming. It lengthened to about 12 centimetres, and was still growing while still flaccid. I watched in awe as it continued lengthening to 18 centimetres. His cock quickly hardened to raise up to around 20 or 21 centimetres in length, moving upward through horizontal to stand almost vertical, rising impressively from his small egg shaped testicles. 

As the soap suds descended down his body to the floor and into the channel to the drain, he stood perfectly still as I stood in front of him for a few moments, watching his pulsing member. 

I turned and walked to the toilet as he continued his shower. I left the door open a small split and had a clear view of him as he soaped his hand and he lightly swivelled it around the sensitive head of his swollen cock. I left the toilet and in less than 3 seconds, I watched him tense his tight buttocks and gasp quietly as he squirted a series of long white jets of semen at the wall, just above the taps. 

I became instantly turned on by this impressive display, and I re-entered the shower fully erect. He swallowed some of the shower water and squirted it at the thick ejaculated semen to flush it down the wall. 

'Hi Lindsay' I said as I approached him, watching his cock. After a long moment, it began lowering through its wide arc from vertical to horizontal and back down to its full length. 

'G'day Robbie,' He said, looking at my erection. 

He seemed to be impressed with what he saw. When he looked up at my face, I smiled at him to try and put him at ease so he would not be self-conscious to be caught masturbating, or looking at my cock which I thought was much smaller than his. 

My penis eventually lost its hardness and descended to a flaccid condition. The marked difference between his and mine was his was still flushed and red from its orgasm and mine was simply pleasingly swollen, and ready for sexual activity. 

It was definitely not with youth who was ready to vacate the shower. He dried himself and walked past my shower with his towel over his shoulder and his large cock swinging left and right as he left the facilities without another word. 

I had the image of his swollen erect cock in my mind as I completed my shower and I have to admit my main response was envy. I wondered if a larger surface area would experience more pleasure than a smaller one. I was in awe of his apparently spontaneous erection, which I noticed when I first saw him showering. 

That image remained as I turned off the shower and ran my soapy hand slowly along the full length of my penis causing it to harden and in less than a minute, I could feel the pleasure build up around the top of my legs, spreading through my whole groin area, into the pit of my stomach the joints at the top of my legs, my anus and finally coursing the full length of my cock as my orgasm approached. Another minute of slow swivelling my hand around the engorged swollen head pushed me closer and closer until I could no longer contain the onset of my climax. My face felt a rush of pins and needles and with a loud gasp I ejaculated the first of four long gushes of semen, trying to keep my balance on shaky legs. 

I recovered my breath and balance and returned slowly to the lockers. I had the tell-tale flushed condition of my still partly erect red-dened penis evident, and noticed Lindsay watching as I approached. By now I reflected that we both had a clear idea of the other's naked bodies and I wondered if we would be even more open to displaying ourselves to one another when alone and naked. 

We finished dressing at about the same time and as we left the change rooms we started talking about our off-season interests. His were varied and included beach body surfing, which he hadn't had any op-portunity to pursue since pre-season training started. I told him there was a beach near my holiday house where some of the boys gath-ered for barbecues and off-season leisure occasionally. I told him he would be welcome any time. We left it at that. 

As the season progressed, we had occasion to shower together at the end of events, usually last to use the facilities. Almost without exception, he would experience an erection. On one occasion, I was in the shower before him and was stimulating myself when he came in. The rest of the team had finished and as I soaped the top of my legs my erection had reached its full proportion as he entered. 

I faced him with my hands behind my head and with my urgent cock pointing straight up, I said, 'Hi Lindsay. It's shower time.' 

He was looking directly at my penis and I added, 'I've got such a hard-on. I hope you don't mind. I'm not self-conscious about it like some of the others are. I noticed you often have a boner in here and it's huge. I'm really jealous.'

'Are you really? Yours looks pretty big to me.'

'Other cocks always look a bit bigger than our own. Anyway, just shower as if I'm not here.'

'Thanks, Robbie. I will.'

He smeared soap on his body and shampooed his hair and I watched him as his cock began to fill with blood and hang down to close to its full size. . . again. He closed his eyes and his penis began to get a life of its own that elevated it through a wide arc moving away from his body and quickly overcoming its considerable weight to stand to attention. This reminded me of the first time I saw his cock animate itself. Once again this display aroused me greatly and I could feel the pleasure filling my already engorged penis, further stiffening it to stand, almost as vertical as Lindsay's. 

When he opened his eyes again, he looked at me and saw me staring at his throbbing cock all over again. 

'Wow Lindsay, you have such a huge cock. We're both in the same con-dition and you put me to shame. Let's compare and check out the size difference.' 

He looked up at me and said, 'How do you mean Robbie.'

'I'll show you.'

My cock was still soapy. I turned off the shower and with my hands still soapy, I stepped towards him, my cock wagging left and right. 

I said, 'Come here and we can hold them together. Just hold it up and we'll compare them side by side.'

'No! I could never touch another man's' thing. It would be too gay. You're pretty big anyway.'

'Don't worry Lindsay. Guys are always checking out each other's cocks and comparing them with their own. Other men always look bigger than your own. This way we can be sure.'

I felt sure he would go through with it as his penis was still stand-ing straight up. Most men don't make very rational decisions when they have hardened cocks. Of course mine was too, but I would have to make sure he felt safe to touch a more senior athlete's private parts. 

'Isn't it wrong to touch someone else's thingy? I couldn't I'm sure. It would be so freaky to touch another one. Eeeyuuuw.'

'I know. It's really strange, but once you do it, it feels so ordi-nary. Tell you what Lindsay. I'll close my eyes and you do it first, then me' 

'No I can't Robbie. . . Are you sure? I think it's going to be so weird touching your cock.' 

'I don't mind. Turn your shower off for a minute and soap your hands and let's do it. Tell me who is the longest. Feel how thick they are.'

He turned off his shower, stopped and looked at my cock for a long moment, then stepped towards me as I closed my eyes. After another long moment of waiting, I could feel my cock throbbing and the strong pulse must have made it bounce up and down. 

I could feel his balls touch mine as he took my swollen penis in his hand and held it against the thickened weapon he had for a cock. Even with my eyes closed, I could feel how hard his cock was and the touch of another penis against mine was very arousing. 

All too soon he began to speak giving his verdict saying, 'They're nearly the same Robbie. Mine's about three centimetres longer than yours but your cock seems to be thicker than mine.'

'Good work Lindsay. It feels incredible with your eyes closed. You should try it. Count slowly to 20 and tell me what this feels like.' 

'What are you going to do? I'm already a bit too excited to let you touch it too much. I would be so embarrassed if you made me have an accident.'

'You'll be OK. Stand with your feet wide apart, eyes closed, hands behind your head. I won't touch your cock for ten seconds, then I taste it for about another 10 seconds when you feel your climax coming and you concentrate on trying to stop ejaculating into my mouth. I know how nice it feels with you handling my penis while my eyes are closed. Are you ready Lindsay? It's your turn to see what it's like on the count of three. One.' 

He slowly moved his feet about 80 centimetres apart.

Is that right Robbie?'

'Just right Two.'

He laced his hands behind his head and seemed to relax. 

'Three. That's it. Now close your eyes. Good Lindsay; now just relax.'

I stood beside him and ran my hands very lightly up the front and the back of his right leg and I watched his young cock straining and pulsing standing straight up. I changed sides and lightly touched his other leg. 

Then kneeling in front of him, I said, 'Your huge penis looks fantas-tic Lindsay. I'll count slowly to ten and try not to come. OK?'

I held his penis in my hand half way along his shaft and moved his skin up and down slowly stretching it a little, three times and said, 'One.'

I held his balls in one hand and lightly held my hand on the head of his enormous cock, feeling it harden and throb strongly in my hand. Swivelling my hand lightly around the bulbous head saying, 'Two.' 

The exquisite torture of his hardened throbbing cock continued as I placed it in my mouth and lightly licked the underside behind the head of his cock. 

Lindsay cried out, 'Stop Robbie. I'm going to squirt my semen. I CAN'T STOP IT.'

I didn't answer. I engulfed his cock in my mouth again and continued to tease him. With my hands on his buttocks, I felt him tense up and call out a loud straining groan. I waited another second. Then he ejaculated six strong squirts of semen into my mouth at the back of my throat making it easy to swallow every drop. I pumped behind his balls for any further drops and squeezed another taste of come from his cock and swallowed that too. 

As I stood up he said, 'EEEIYUUUW', Isn't that awful to have in your mouth?'

'No. I swallowed your cum. It's just like ice-cream only warm. You might even try it yourself one day. You never know. Let's finish here and go back to the locker rooms.'

He stood very still, shame faced for over a minute. Then we finished our showers and I led the way back to the change room, opening the door and letting him lead the way through. He dressed and I told him to sit on his towel next to his locker on the change bench. 

I removed a small honey flavoured yogurt tub and said. 'Taste it with your finger and see if you like it.'

I held it out for him and he dipped his finger in it and sucked it. 

'It's a bit like a honey smoothie. Very nice Robbie.'

'Taste your finger again without the treat. Can you still taste it?'

'Yeh, I can. It's still there.'

'You'll find the honey taste lasts a long time.'

My cock had lost its erection but still hung down to its full length. I held the yogurt tub below my cock and raised it submerging the head with flavoured desert.'

'Have some more Lindsay. Suck it off this like an ice-dream'

He looked up at me and pleaded, 'Please don't make me put your cock in my mouth Robbie. It would feel all squishy and awful.'

'Don't worry Lindsay. Everyone does it sooner or later. Once you do it, it will seem natural. Tell me this Lindsay. How did your penis feel in my mouth? That's how good you're going to make me feel. It's like eating an ice cream or a banana.'

'No I can't. I just can't do it Robbie. Please don't make me.'

It was time to become more assertive. My tone was conversational, but the words were serious. 

'No more stalling. Suck the yogurt desert off my cock. You know it tastes nice. Just do it.'

He must have consoled himself with the prospect of eating more of the sweet treat. He lifted the end of my swelling member and held the end of it in his open mouth and after a few seconds of arousing tension, closed his mouth over it and began sucking it. 

I felt the blood rushing to my cock filling up, swelling quickly and finally hardening with the bulbous head and 3 more centimetres in his mouth. 

Sitting fully dressed and craning his neck slightly to reach my erec-tion, it seemed like he had passed a significant threshold, so I took a chance and began giving him detailed instructions. 

'Smear some more yogurt on my cock and lick it off. Keep doing it Lindsay. Lick it then suck it. It feels very nice.'

To his credit, he kept smearing my hardened swollen cock with yogurt, increasing my arousal by degrees and my cock continued building up and I knew it would not be long before I would come.

'Is that right Robbie?' he asked.

'Yes. It's fantastic,' I answered with a shaky voice. 'Finish the desert and keep sucking,' I demanded, too far gone to stop. 

Lindsay continued his ministrations on me and I couldn't prevent the powerful onrush past the point of no return. The next five seconds were extremely intense and I began to swoon as my knees began shaking. 

Intense spasms of pleasure coursed through me starting from behind my large egg shaped balls, shooting the full length of my throbbing cock. My face and neck flushed hot and dots were dancing in front of my eyes. My climax finally completed itself with four long squirting gushes of cum blending with the remains of the honeyed yogurt in Lindsay's soft wet mouth. 

Following a few after-shocks, I said, 'You can stop now Lindsay. That was great. I ejaculated in your mouth and you swallowed it. You did well.'

I removed my erection from his mouth. I asked, 'How was it?'

'It was OK. I could hardly taste anything.' 

Jack Cutter, the coach of the basketball team appeared as he entered our row of lockers. He unlocked the locker next to mine and removed his sports bag, saying, 'Hi Robbie. How's things?'

I turned toward him while my cock was still at its full length, but by now hanging down to about 45 degrees out from my legs

'Going OK, Jack. How's your team's pre-season program progressing?'

Jack was paying rather a lot of attention to my swollen cock. I pulled up my jocks and pushed my cock sideways so it would fit in my underpants to accommodate its size. 

I interrupted his apparent fascination with my private parts, 'Your pre-season. How's it going Jack?'

He didn't answer straight away. 

My use of his name caught his attention again.

'OK Robbie. It's going well.'

By now, Lindsay had quickly dressed and was leaving without a word. 

Had Jack Cutter arrived any earlier, he would have seen my cock as it ejaculated in Lindsay's mouth. He could have watched me remove it, still throbbing and wet, but he was too late.