 My interest in black men had taken a bit of a dive because I had met a few arrogant ones who considered themselves God's gift. Although they all had big cocks and very lickable arseholes, their company left a lot to be desired. And when you're in a predominantly black country that can be a problem.

Then one day I was in the tyre shop, getting some new used ones fitted to my beaten-up old Nissan. The guy who did it was literally about four feet tall. He was a man, not a boy, but very, very short. So short that he didn't have the option of being arrogant. He was friendly and respectful, which is what I like. I even like my men to be respectful when they're buried up to the balls in my arse.

I gave this guy a couple of dollars' tip because he had done a good job and he was delighted; he went around all the wheels and gave them another quick tighten to show his gratitude. I gave him my business card and said if he would like to have a drink some time he should contact me. His name was Dan and he was fit, very black and had the slightly chinny smile that dwarves do.

Late that night I checked my email and found a message from him.

"Okay, I'm contacting you," it said. "What do you want to discuss?"

I was so turne on thining about him that all reason went out the window. I sent him a picture of my naked crotch, crouching so my arse was visible.

He sent back, "Uh huh. And?"

"Can you come and see me right now?" I asked. He said yes and I gave him the address.

Half an hour later he was at my door, wearing tight jeans and a white t-shirt and looking very athletic. We had a beer and sat together on the sofa.

"Do you have a big cock?" I asked.

"Because I'm small?" he said. "I have a normal cock and big balls."

I leaned down and kissed him and he was all over me straightaway, his hands up my shirt and in my shorts.

"One thing you should know," he said. "I'm on top. You're not going to fuck a midget tonight."

"But I might get buggered my a midget?" I asked lightheartedly.

"Is that what you want?" he asked. I nodded helplessly. My brain was rapidly being hijacked by lust and weirdness.

We walked into the bedroom and he jumped on the bed.

"Show me your fat white ass," he said.

I undressed for Dan as shyly as a teenage girl being seduced for the first time. When I was naked he said,

"Nice." And he undressed on the bed.

I was now naked in my bedroom with a fit, attractive black dwarf. And all I could think of was licking his arse. I don't know why, but I just had to perform that crude act on this unlikely sexual partner. I decided at abase myself further by telling him this.

"You know what I want to do?" I said nervously. He shook his head. But he knew the power he wielded and his cock was growing stiff.

"I want to lick your arse," I said.

"My aaarse," he said, making fun of my accent. "You want to lick my little black aaarse. That's a funny thing for a big white man to want."

He left it there and just looked at me and now his erection was full and he had a beautiful big cock. I was hard too, as big as him but very different because of our skin tones. There is something about a black cock, that shiny look, like it has been polished in readiness for fucking.

Dan lay down on his back and pulled his legs way back over his head, so his beautiful, mysterious dark valley was looking at me. I leaned down and licked his arse.

"Can you turn over please," I said, quivering with excitement. "On your hands and knees so I can reach you better."

"You're not fucking," he reiterated.

"I don't want to fuck you, Dan." I assured him. "I want to lick your arse."

He got into position and I looked at his balls hanging there in their big grainy sac, gunmetal grey and sexy as fuck. I took them gently in my hand and enjoyed their weight and smoothness as they rolled around in his ballbag. I intended to have some of their spunk before the night was through.

I knelt behind Dan and licked his arse. I'm sure no one had ever one that to him before and I could tell he loved it. I licked his anus and probed it with my tongue.

"Fuck," he said. "That is good. That is more than good. You can lick my aaarse any time you like, white guy. You like my ass?"

"I love licking it," I said. "Want to fuck me now?"

"Sure," he said. I got the feeling he wasn't used to any of this and was waiting for the catch. I gave him a tube of lube and he fumbled with it before putting a huge dollop on the cute pink knob that decorated his manly rod. I took a finger full of it myself and rubbed it into my crack.

"Sorry," he said.

"You never fucked a man before?" I asked.

"Nah," he said. "Like I said, mostly people want to fuck little old me just for the fun of it.

"You know how to fuck a man?" I said seriously. 'Ever fucked a girl up the arse?"

"My girlfriend," he said. "But she's half your size."

"Same principle," I said. "How about if I kneel on the floor and lean over the bed? And you stand behind me?"

"Okay," he said thoughtfully. We got into that position and he put his cock against my anus, then pushed it firmly but gently right into me. I had a big mirror on the wall and I looked over at it to see the thrilling sight of a little black guy buggering a white man. He pushed and pulled and it felt great. His girlfriend was a lucky girl if this was how he did her. After a while he kind of climbed on top of me and grabbed me round the chest as he thrust harder and faster. In the mirror the black midget fucked the white guy. He was all over me with his hands and his arms and his muscular stomach. And he was all inside me with his big shiny penis. And his balls flapped against my crotch. It was fantastic and I was getting very close to coming.

"You going to come inside me?" I asked tremulously.

"No," he said. "I think I'm going to squirt my spunk in your mouth."

"Okay," I said.

A few seconds later he climbed down off me and to be honest I missed the sensation immediately. It was like being fucked by a four-legged animal. It was how our distant ancestors must have done it, fucking the wrong hole of anything that moved.

I sat on the floor against the bed and Dan stood in front of me and waved his erect cock at me. Then he started wanking and in a few seconds he was plunging his knob into my mouth and emptying his semen into my cheeks and on my tongue.

When he had calmed down and was lying on the bed I got up next to him and said quietly.

"Can I ask a favour? Turn over and let me cum between your buttocks."

"Okay," he said, and rolled over and drew his knees up to give me full access. The arse that I had recently licked was there, looking at me defiantly, saying "you can't come in but you can smear your stuff here."

I wanked quickly and shot my silvery stuff into his crack and he muttered.

"You're a dirty little fucker. I think I'm gonna fuck you again soon. You would like that, wouldn't you?"

You have no idea, my friend, I thought.

"Tell me what you're thinking," he said.

"I'm thinking about having you climbing all over me with your beautiful big cock up my arse," I said.

"Next time I'll cum in there," he said. "then I can watch my jizz sliding back out of your white asshole and poke it back in.