 Mr. Berkley checked his rear-view mirror and backed his Beamer out of his driveway onto the two-lane highway. His Rolex-laden wrist lifted so he could adjust the mirror a tad, then he ran his fingers through his silver hair. An aging man of expensive metals, he was. I sat in the passenger seat, my hands in my lap holding the twenty dollars I had gotten for watching he and his wife's two little girls for the night. This marked the last of the tuition I needed, the last bit my Stafford loan hadn't paid for. I figured this ride home would be silent, like all the others. Mr. Berkley cleared his throat, though, and said, "So what kind of faggot takes a babysitting job?"

I was stunned. "Excuse me?" 

Mr. Berkley laughed. "Ah," he said. "The same kind of faggot who says, 'Excuse me,' when he's just been called a faggot." He pulled the car over onto the shoulder and looked at me. "Look here, little girl, there were a few hundred-dollar bills on my dresser this evening before Susan and I left for dinner. I get home, and voila! They're gone." 

"What?" My head was whirling. First he insulted me, now he's accusing me of thievery. "I didn't take any money off your dresser, Mr. Berkley." 

"Heh. No, Mike, you didn't. I know that. I put it there, and I removed it." I stared at him. What was he talking about? "My lovely, trusting wife Susan, however, didn't see me remove it. She knew I put it there before we left. She knew it wasn't there when we got back, after I mentioned it. She has suspicions in place." 

"What the fuck are you talking about?"

Without warning, Mr. Berkley shot his fist into my stomach. I lurched forward in my seat, feeling the crushing weight of my lack of breath. "You keep your mouth shut when I'm talking to you, faggot." Tears spilled down my cheeks. "Do you know what I did before I was a lawyer, little girl?" Why does he keep calling me that? I shook my head 'no.' "Before I went to law school, before I even thought about passing the bar, I made a living as a performance artist. It's hard making money at that." I coughed, took a full breath. "So on the side, I learned a bit of pick-pocketing, some lock-picking. Some thievery of my own." I wanted to ask him why he was telling me this, but I kept silent. He looked over at me. "Good girl. The reason I tell you this is because you need to know what I can do. Check your jeans pocket." I reached into my right jeans pocket. Nothing. I checked the other one, and froze. My hand brushed paper, paper that hadn't been there an hour ago. I pulled it out, and looked at three crisp hundred-dollar bills in horror. I shook my head, though.

"This doesn't prove anything! Especially now that I know about it!" I thought I had caught him. 

He clucked his tongue. "I've looked into your record, little girl. Twice you've been arrested for shoplifting. Twice. That doesn't look good."

"I was fifteen! That was three years ago!" 

His fist shot out again, in almost the exact same spot. I sat doubled over while he explained the way things worked. "Three years ago, three days ago. Doesn't matter. Do you know how many times I've been caught picking pockets? Zero. I have a spotless record. I'm a prominent defense attorney for some of the biggest names in town. It will be my word against yours that you didn't steal my money, and I know the only person who will believe you is your poor, dear mother. Do you think she could take the scandal, though? Do you think her employer will be happy to hear about her thieving, lying son?" 

I was defeated. I didn't know why, I could barely understand how, but I knew that I was done. I sat up and started crying. "So what do you want, then? Why would you do this? This must've been a lot of work."

Mr. Berkley chuckled. "Yes, it was a lot of work. Not hard work, but tedious." He unbuckled his seat belt, then unbuckled his belt. "But now it's done. My, my, little girl." He pulled his pants and briefs down to mid-thigh, exposing his rock-hard seven-inch dick. "Now, little girl, you're going to suck my cock." 

"Mr. Berkley, I'm not gay!" 

He snatched the hundred-dollar bills from my hand, then, and stuffed them into the console. "As if that matters. Do you understand the trouble you'll be in if you don't?" I did understand the trouble. I had been to juvie. I nodded, felt the blood rushing to my face, and leaned over to his lap. He stopped me. "First, though, I want to hear you beg for it."

This was too much. "What?" 

"Beg me to suck my cock. Tell me that you need to have my dick in your mouth. And be convincing, or it's over." His cock stood straight up in the air, pointing at his belly, and his cast-iron eyes drilled into mine. I dropped my gaze. 

"Please, Mr. Berkley…"

"Louder, little girl. With feeling." 

My face reddened more. "Mr. Berkley." I cleared my throat. "Mr. Berkley, please let me suck your cock." 

"What?" He asked this as if he hadn't heard me correctly.

"I want to suck your cock, Mr. Berkley. I want to have your dick in my mouth." The words were coming more easily, and a glance at his face encouraged me. His words, however, confused me.

"What are you talking about, Mike? I'm… I'm not that way. Plus, I'm old enough to be your father."

"Please, Mr. Berkley. Just let me suck you off. I'll be good at it, I promise." What was I saying? He grinned at me. 

"Mike, this isn't right." Now what was he saying? "I'll take you home, and we can forget this ever happened." He made a circling motion with his hand, urging me to continue. I had no choice. 

"But Mr. Berkley, it's just a blowjob. One blowjob. I need to feel your cock in my mouth. Please."

"Michael Linklater, that's enough!" His grin was as wide as his face now, but I couldn't hear it in his voice. He reached into his suit-coat pocket and pulled out a tape recorder. I should have seen it coming. I felt like throwing up. He rewound it a few seconds, pressed play. "—to have your dick in my mouth." He stopped the playback. Fresh tears spilled down my cheeks. 

"Oh, little girl, don't cry! I'll let you suck my cock all you want. Now get to it. I've already been gone too long. And make it good."

I nodded. If I didn't have a choice before, now I was virtually a slave. I hoped Mr. Berkley didn't see the bulge in my jeans. I was terrified, and I was disgusted at the prospect of sucking him off, but I was still aroused. I couldn't help it. 

I leaned over into his lap. The musky aroma of his cock met me halfway. It wasn't that bad, like my own musk but… older. Deeper. I licked my lips and opened my mouth wide. My lips fit easily around the head of his cock, and I engulfed it and tentatively flicked my tongue out to meet it. Mr. Berkley groaned. "I knew you had a dick-sucking mouth, first time I saw you. Those pretty girl's lips." I said, "Hmm." He groaned again. 

He placed his hand to the back of my head, grabbed a fistful of hair. He pushed my head down further on his cock. I pushed it out of the way of my teeth with my tongue. "My god, you're a natural cock-sucker. You have to've done this before, little girl." I was oddly pleased with his compliment. His dick tasted salty. I ran my tongue down the length, and moved my head up. I took a breath at the top, letting the head pop out of my mouth, and then he shoved my head back down. This time he kept pushing. His cock hit the back of my throat, and I suppressed my gag reflex. "Swallow, little girl. That's supposed to help." I swallowed, and swallowed again, and he groaned, and groaned again. He pushed my head further and further down on his cock, and within a few seconds my nose was nestled against his left thigh. I couldn't breathe, and pushed against his legs in a panic. "Steady, little girl. Just hold still." I held still, but my vision was starting to black out. He let up the pressure on my head, and I pulled back and fell to my seat, coughing and wiping my mouth. He pushed his pants and underwear the rest of the length down his legs. "You are a good cock-sucker. Let's see about the other bits, though." 

He reached across me and flipped up the seat-recline lever. I fell back with the seat, and he used that opportunity to take hold of my neck and push me face-down, like you would a puppy into his puddle on the floor. He tugged at my jeans, pulled them down without unbuttoning them, along with my boxers. "Please, Mr. Berkley, please! Not that!" 

"Shut up, little girl," he growled. I tried to lift myself up, but his hand was like a clamp, his arm like steel. He pulled himself out from under the steering wheel and stepped/slid across to my seat. He spat on his hand and rubbed it against my asshole. 

"Please, I'll do anything you want, just don't do this!" I sobbed, and wiggled, but he held me firmly. He pressed the head of his dick against my little puckered asshole. 

"Say pretty please, little girl." 

"Pretty please!" I yelled, thinking he meant to stop. He pushed, instead, and shoved, and the head popped past my sphincter. I screamed, a high-pitched yowl. It felt like a red-hot poker was being shoved up my ass. He kept pushing, laughing at me. My spit was an inadequate lube, and I felt every inch of his cock burning its way up my hole. My own dick softened, which had remained hard through all the humiliation, softened at the pain. 

He didn't go slowly, and within moments I felt his balls resting against my ass cheeks. Mr. Berkley repositioned himself, leaned forward and let go of my neck. As if I was going to fight back now. He pulled himself out of me, dragging my tender flesh along with his cock, then forced himself back in. He started a fucking motion, slow at first, then a bit faster, never gentle. He kept himself going at a steady pace for a few terrible minutes, and then he groaned. "I'm close, little girl. Do you want to feel my cum inside your asshole?" I cried. He grabbed my hips and quickened his pace, slamming into me with every thrust, pulling me back to meet him. Finally, with a grunt, he slammed his full length into me and stayed still. I felt him cum, then, felt his semen spurting into my ass. It was a weird sensation, hot cum spraying the walls of my ass. 

My cock sprang to life again. His spray went on for almost a quarter of a minute, and when he was done he collapsed against me. He pulled out and flipped me over, awkwardly maneuvering me on his leather seats. He pushed me down, and I went where he directed me, without thinking about where I was going. Before I had registered it, he shoved his cock in my mouth. "Suck it clean, little girl. Get all that shit and cum off." I gagged, and he slapped my face. "I didn't say throw up. I said suck." I sucked his softening cock, tasting the earthy smell of my own ass. When he was satisfied that I had cleaned it well, he plopped back into his seat, pulled his pants up to mid-thigh again, and started the car. The dome light turned on when he started it, and he glanced over at me and saw my average-sized cock standing at attention. He laughed. "I knew you were a faggot." I pulled my jeans and boxers up, buttoned them around my erection, and willed it to die down. 

I noticed his own cock filling with blood again. I wondered at his stamina; he saw me looking, and said, "Well, don't just look at it, little girl. We still have a twenty minute ride to your house."