 Rough sex with a big strong man is something I'd always fantasized about. Ever since I can remember masturbating I'd think about being made to do things, dirty things for a man. I thought about being spanked, made to perform for a man, one that wasn't mean but very dominant, somewhat cruel and unusual but not terrifying. I had the fantasy in my head often. 

I dated girls, had sex with several of them but never cared for that as much as I did thinking about being taken by a man. When I was with a girl I remember thinking that I wanted to be the girl, wanted to be the one on the bottom. I probably projected that to any man that would want to take advantage of a closet sissy like me. I didn't got out of my way to do that but I'm sure it showed if the right guy paid attention.

I never approached men, was afraid to. I certainly didn't want to admit to being a gay sissy, or be outed. But when I saw or met a man that appealed to me he'd become my masturbation central fantasy. And I would smile, talk very polite to them. And I had several that fit that fantasy for me. One was a very big working class type in the warehouse where I worked in the up front office. I'd always smile at him. Went out of my way to do that, and would jack off thinking about almost daily.

And then it happened.

It was after a work related party. We were in the parking lot. I was sitting in the passenger seat of his car. He was the warehouse foremen, the one I thought about, he was giving me a ride to the bar. I asked him to. I never thought in a million years that he was gay. I just wanted to be closer to him. 

A bunch of us were going to a bar after the party and I asked if I could ride with him. I didn't really know him but had seen him before many times at work. He was the one! He was the guy I thought about more than any other, I'd cum all over the floor thinking about being with him. And he always seemed to pay extra attention, went out of his way to talk to me when he got the chance to at work. I thought nothing of it when said that, yes I should ride with him, when he opened the car door for me. I got into his car and he stared down at me for a moment, smiled and then closed the car door. 

We sat with his car idling, thought he was just warming up the engine before driving along to meet the others. I remember seeing several girls wave to us as they got into their car and drove off to the after-party. We sat there until almost everyone had left the lot.

"Take off your pants." He stared at me, just said it outright.

I didn't believe what I was hearing. Even though I'd thought about him reality was a completely different matter. I felt total fear, felt very afraid and wanted to jump from his car.

"What?" I looked at him.

"Take off your pants, now. Just do it." He turned on the seat toward me. I reached for the door handle. I felt him take my arm with his left hand and the back of my hair with his right hand.

"Take off your pants. Pull them down and take them all the way off." I felt his hand close on my arm so hard it hurt. He was bruising me. I cried out.

That's when he slapped my face. Slapped me twice, he looked into my face.

"Don't make me do it for you, take off your pants." He smiled, up close to my face. I felt the tears welling up in my eyes start to run down my cheeks. He ran this index finger down my cheek. "I want to see you. Now do it, take off your pants. You know you want to. You know you're a teasing little bitch. We both know that. Now take off your pants."

I looked away from him, saw the last of the cars leave the parking lot as I undid my pants and slipped them down. He was right. I felt like I wanted to. Felt terrified and almost sick to my stomach too, I'd never done anything like this before. 

I raised my rear end up off the seat, remember feeling the cold leather as I sat back down, and felt my underwear against the cold seat, slipping my pants down over my knees and then down over my ankles. He sat back into his seat and watched as I did what he wanted. I felt soft tears run down my cheek.

"Underpants too, princess." He stared at me, smiling. "Come on, do it." 

I really started to cry, had never been so intimidated. I cried hard. I felt shame, submissive, felt like I couldn't say 'no'. I did as he said, slipped my underwear off and sat back down naked and exposed on his car seat. 

I sat there in his car. My pants and underwear on his car floor, shoes still on. He looked at me. Leaning over he looked at me and inspected me. I felt my face turn bright red, felt the tears burn on my cheeks where he slapped me. He took his time looking at me.

"I thought so. You're like a little boy." He reached over and took my pubic hair in his fist, pulled it up such that my rear rose up off of the seat.

I cried out, felt his right hand go under my rear and between the seat as he released me. I felt myself sit back down on his hand. 

"I want all that gone, shaved clean, next time I see you exposed like this you'll be baby smooth. Are we clear?" I felt his fingers move up between the cheeks of my rear, his hand pushed back against the seat. He slapped my face again. "Clear?"

I started to sob, "yes, yes...please". 

"Shsssss, be still." I felt him start to feel my left cheek, squeeze it in his large hand, felt his fingertips brush against my hole. I sat and cried softly as he felt me. His other hand moved to my penis, his finger moving around it in a small circle. As he did that I felt myself start to get semi hard. I looked out the window. So afraid that someone would see me doing this, I cried softly.

"We're going to the party at the bar. Don't worry, you can put your pants back on for that." He laughed so loud it scared me. 

"Now listen carefully, don't speak. Say a word and I'll slap you again. Real hard." I started to cry even harder. I just looked down at my exposed little penis. I went completely soft, saw my penis now covered in my dripping tears. His index finger kept moving around my soft little thing, moving slowly. "I like this soft better than semi hard. It suits you." I felt the middle finger of his other hand probe up between my cheeks as he said that, just brushing against my tight little hole. 

"I know you're a sissy. I've watched you at work. Several of the women at work even think you're a sissy. Believe me, they do. We've talked. I actually like that. I like sissies like you." I felt his left hand move away from my soft penis and start to pet the side of my face. "I like turning a man into a little sissy boy, like having a little bitch to play with. You want me to stop? Just say it, say 'I'm not a sissy bitch, I'm not a little faggot boy', say it. I dare you."

I said nothing. Just looked out the car window and felt my tears flow softly. I was really crying.

He leaned up close, an inch from my ear. "I'm going to guide you. All you have to do is what you're told. Clear? Answer me."

"Oh yes, yes...please don't hit me again, please..." I looked up at him, fear and tears all over my face. I stared into his eyes. He just smiled back. He pulled his hand out from under my rear, sat back in his seat.

"You have a very cute and tight little rear end. I like that too, can get that butt in one hand." He undid his pants, just enough to pull the top of his underwear down below his cock. He was rock hard. It jumped out from his underwear. He held it straight up for me to see. He was huge. 

He stared at me. "Well?" I felt his hand go to the back of my head and push me gently to him. I saw him survey the parking lot as he did that. We were alone in his car.

I didn't hesitate. I did everything he wanted me to do. I sucked him for at least half an hour and let him cum in my mouth. It was the first time I ever did that. I'd never been with a man before. As I did it for him in the front seat of his car I felt like I wanted it not to end, felt like I was doing what I should be doing. I felt dirty, felt like a submissive whore. I also felt his hand on the back of my head the whole time I sucked him, felt him petting me, holding by my hair moving me up and down on his cock. Felt his other hand pat my naked rear end, remind me of my nakedness in front of him. He brushed his fingers up and down the crack of my rear as I serviced him.

When he came I started to pull away slightly. The taste of him all over the inside of my mouth, the sudden spurt, he held my head with both hands. As he came in huge spurts he just sat still, didn't move as I did my best to swallow. 

He used his hands to move my head up and down on him, held me tightly in place, one hand up under my chin. He filled my mouth. When he finished he patted my ass, ran his hand over it and then slapped it hard. He went almost completely soft and then lifted my head and mouth up off of him. He was huge even semi erect.

After I finished I sat back up in my seat quickly. I was in shock, just stared out the window at the empty parking lot. I could taste him on my lips.

"There, now that wasn't so bad, was it?" His eyes burned through me, made me feel like crawling under the seat. He smiled, stroked my face. I said nothing.

"You'll get used to it. In fact I think you liked doing that and I think you've probably jacked off thinking about doing that before, haven't you?" He laughed softly.

I didn't answer. He moved so quickly it scared me, slapped my face hard. "Haven't you? Answer my when I ask you a question!"

"Yes, I have, yes." His cum and my tears on the side of my face, burning where he slapped me again, "Yes, please, I'll do what you want, I want to please you." I was still crying softly. My voice in panic, "I just don't want you to hurt me." 

"Put your pants back on. And remember, shaved clean and baby smooth next time. I mean your balls, your crotch, rear end, under arms, legs, all of it. If I feel any hair or stubble on you I'll not only slap you I'll use my belt on you." He reached over and petted the back of my head, felt his fingers play with my hair.

"I'm not going to hurt you. I'm just going to start using you the way you should be used. You're going to be a real good boy. Next time you jack off I want you to think of me, think of me being your big strong daddy." He laughed as I started to dress. "In fact you'll probably do that after you get home tonight. You and me are going to have great times together. You'll be begging to have me visit you. Count on it."

He leaned over and opened his glove compartment door, took out some wet-wipes and dropped them into my lap. 

"You're a mess. Clean your face before we get to the bar." He put the car in gear and started to drive. I hurried to clean myself, put my pants back on. He said nothing to me all the way to the after party. We drove in silence.

When we got to the bar he parked in the lot, could see some of our coworkers leaving, going to their cars. "When we go in, go to the men's room and wash your face." That's all he said as he got out of his car. The overhead light went on and I felt myself bathed in it, felt my face still stinging where he slapped me. I could tell my face was red and could still taste him in my mouth. I hurried out of his car, hurried to the men's room.

The entire time at the bar I was in shock. Talking with the remaining people from the party, I felt as if they all knew what I'd just done. He glanced at me from time to time but ignored me the entire time we were there. I just sat in the dark bar, making polite conversation but felt completely in a semi panic, wanted nothing more than to go home and be alone.

After the last person from our employee party left the bar he sat next to me, sipped the last of his beer. He looked at me. He leaned in toward me and whispered, "Let's go princess, you have something to do. You have to go home and jack off and think about what you did for me tonight, what you're going be doing for me a lot." 

I felt fear, felt like running for the door. He laughed so loud when he said that, several other people looked over at our table from around the bar.

I followed him out of the bar and to his car. All the way back to my car he said nothing. Again, we rode in silence. When we got back to my car he pulled up next to it in our office parking lot. He reached across me, saw me flinch as he did that. He laughed. He opened my car door. 

"Did you see the shoes Mary had on at the party? Pink high heels, I think it would be nice if you had a pair of those the next time I see you, don't you, princess?" I felt him close his hand in my hair firmly.

"Yes." I just looked out the window, felt my face turn bright red. I felt helpless.

"Remember, baby smooth, soft and sissy like top to bottom, next time I see you will be at your house. That will be our playhouse for now. You'll be completely naked and in your cute little girly shoes greeting me at the front door. We'll take it from there, princess." He released my hair and ran his hand down over my shoulder and then up the side of my face. "You're going to be everything I know you want to be." I shuddered when he did that, felt goose bumps raise all over me.

"And if you don't have any yet, you may want to get some K-Y jelly, may want to get a lot of it." He again laughed loud as he looked away from me.

That's all he said as I hurried out of his car. I felt him slap my rear as I rose off the seat and started out the door. I shut his car door, quickly, watched as he drove off. 

I stood in the parking lot staring at his car tail lights as he pulled out onto the road. That was my first time serving the man that now owns me. 

He was right. I did want to be his sissy bitch. I felt my little penis stir as I thought about what I did for him, as I admitted to myself that he was right on all counts. And as I drove home I played with myself. I thought about how big he is, towers over me, strong and muscular, his huge strong hands, his big cock. His cock is at least three times as big as my little thing. I thought about sitting naked on his lap. And then I thought about French kissing him. I got hard instantly when I thought about that, ran my hand over my little thing and played with it as I drove the rest of the way home. I masturbated as soon as I walked in the door. 

The next thing I did before going to bed was take a hot shower and shave myself smooth top to bottom. First time I'd ever done that too. I took my time, thought about him as I did it. Then I masturbated again while looking at myself in front of a full length mirror in my hall. I came all over the floor, fantasized that he was watching me the whole time. I saw the sissy I'd always fantasized being staring back at me.\