 I'm over a complete stranger's knee, butt way up high with his left hand and huge arm wrapped over my back and up under my stomach. He has the flat inside of his left palm pulling me up slightly off his knee. It hurts. I feel him push up into my stomach. He could pick me up like this, pick me up and hold me upside down if he wanted to, he's that strong. He's huge.

He's holding me in place as his other hand is pushed in deep between my cheeks. I look to the tile floor and then up to my boyfriend, sitting at a table with one other man. I use my hands to steady myself on the floor. This is the same position my boyfriend spanked me in. I feel tears start to form in my eyes as I struggle to keep still as I've been told to do. 

I whimper and moan as the stranger that has his middle finger pushed deep into my rear moves it around in wide circles. He's spreading wide my tight little hole, opening it, feels like he might break me. I start to cry hard. His fist is closed all except for his middle finger. I can feel his large knuckles hold my exposed cheeks wide apart as he buries his finger in me as deep as it will go. He turns his fist around in me, inside of my cheeks as they close around him, starts to rub my prostate gland. I can feel him just start to play with it, toy with it. 

Then he gets serious about it. He works his finger hard on me. He starts to milk me. "That's it sunshine, you just keep real still, be a good boy." I hear him as he leans down over my back. 

My boyfriend gave me to this man just minutes ago, just said, "Do what he tells you to do. Don't embarrass me, bitch." He then gave me 'the look'. I knew if I didn't cooperate I'd get my face slapped real hard. I stood and was led by this man to a chair right next to our table. He set the chair out away from it, giving him plenty of room to not only work on me but to let the rest of the men in the room see if they choose to watch.

We are in the back room of a bar my boyfriend took me too. I am there for the first time, didn't know what to expect. And the music is loud. People have to lean in toward each other to be heard. When the songs on the juke box switch and the music ends momentarily it allows my whimpers or crying to be heard, but not by much. It also allows the other very loud activity in the room to be heard too, the laughter, the yelling and partying that is going on around us. The room-noise drowns out my crying.

The room is very dim, almost dark, a small side-room off of the main bar. If you didn't know this room was here you'd walk past it on the way out the back door. It's the private room for those that know what really goes on here, those that know the real purpose of this club. 

Fifteen, maybe twenty, men sit or stand around the room. Some dance with each other, some watch a television over the small side bar, others talk to each other at tables. Some glance at me and then back to each other. 

There are two naked 'twinks', as my boyfriend described them, kneeling in the room. They don't look more than twenty years old, at most. Men are taking turns using their mouths, take turns getting sucked, there for all in the room see. One in the back of the room, one against the wall next to the men's room, they are both restrained by collars to the wall, their hands free to hold the men's side or rear standing in front of them. I saw them both as we walked by them to our table, could not help but watch them as I was led to this room in the back of the bar. I stared at them as my boyfriend was quickly joined at the table by two men. I prayed that my boyfriend would not make me do what the naked boys were doing, looked up at him in fear.

The men at our table sat and talked. They ignored me but I could feel them both look at me and check me out, making me very uncomfortable. I quickly looked away and didn't want to make eye contact with either of them. These were very big men, obviously dominant like my boyfriend. We were in a gay s&m bar, my first trip to this club. We were at 'The Brand'. My boyfriend said this was a club we'd spend many evenings in.

One of the men leaned in toward me and my boyfriend. I sat so close to him, grabbed my boyfriend's arm tight. I was afraid and wanted his protection.

"So you mean to tell me I can't fuck this sissy's ass but I can fuck his mouth?" The larger of the two men talked to my boyfriend, doesn't even look at me, ignores me as he speaks. "What's different than one a them bitches over there against the wall?"

"This one has a mouth you won't believe." He just stares at the man, smiles slightly. "He's a born cocksucker." He sips his beer. "You're in for a surprise, you'll be calling me and asking for a date with that mouth."

"But we can't fuck him." Both men look to my boyfriend, then to me. I look down at my lap. 

I can't believe what I'm hearing. I feel my face turn bright red, feel like running. I squeeze my boyfriend's arm even tighter. He looks at me, pats my hand and smiles. He looks back to the men.

"That's right. If I send him to you and you even try to fuck him I'll kick your ass. Count on it. And he'll tell me if you do." He stares at me, then at the man. "And then maybe I'll fuck both of you after."

They burst into laughter. I feel dizzy, want to leave. I look to the man closest to me and he looks to me, stares at me coldly, makes me shudder. He's crude, biker-like. And he's not in shape like my boyfriend. Just big, his stomach is hanging out over his belt, has a beard. I don't like him at all.

He reaches up and runs his finger up my chin, up over my lips. I pull away quickly, look to the naked boy next to the men's room. He's alone, not being used. He looks at me, our eyes meet. He quickly looks away and to the floor, down at his naked knees. 

"Has he ever been milked?" He pulls his hand away from my face.

My boyfriend sips from his beer. "No, only played with, I haven't jacked him off, don't want the bitch to lose his little boy sissy edge. I touch his dick but only to keep him hot." He reaches over and pats my leg, puts his hand over my crotch. I feel him squeeze my gently and then remove his hand from me. "He can jack himself off when I'm not around."

"No, I mean milked. I mean finger-up-his-ass type milked." He just stares at me when he talks to my boyfriend. "It isn't like cumming for the bitch. Yeah he'll cum when you milk him but it's way more submissive, keeps sissies in line. And it keeps that ass ready to be fucked too. You can keep a sissy in a cock harness and still make him cum. You don't know about this?"

"What are you talking about? You can make him cum without stroking his little dick?" My boyfriend looks at me. "This I've got see." He sits back in his chair.

They both stare at me. The third man at the table laughs and sips his beer. I feel helpless, have no idea what he's talking about. That's when my boyfriend said 'to not embarrass him' and that's when the big man stood and turned his chair so that I could fit across his lap. 

Then he patted his lap and said loud enough for all to hear at the table, "Come on, sunshine, let's get that ass over here across my lap and get to work." He laughed and stared at me, motioned with his index finger for me to move to him.

I looked to my boyfriend and saw 'the look' on his face. I quickly stood and walked to the seated man's right side. I just stood there looking at my boyfriend as I felt the man's hands run up my smooth legs to the waist band of my tight little shorts. He reached up and pulled my shorts down quickly to my knees, felt them slip down over my little thing, felt it bounce out slightly. I felt totally helpless and submissive, my cheeks and penis exposed to the entire bar for all to see.

"Please don't hurt me, please." He patted my rear, cupped it and squeezed me as I said that. Then he smiled up at me and took my arm.

"This one has a real fine ass." He pulled me down and over his lap, pushed his leg up to raise my rear. "Very nice, very firm, I like it." He petted me, felt me up completely and ran his large rough hand all over my rear and the backs of my thighs. 

Then he said quietly, "Gonna be hard not to fuck this ass." I heard him clearly as he said that softly bending down over my back.

"Please." I started to cry softly, knew that nobody could hear me over the music. I also knew that nobody would care or stop whatever he was going to do to me even if I begged them to. Then I felt him reach down roughly between my legs and pull my soft penis down and up against the side of his pant leg. He moved his leg up hard against it, keeping it in place pointing down toward the floor.

"Don't you move that, sunshine, you keep that little thing just like that up against my leg." He pulled his hand out from between my legs and pushed down on the backs my naked legs, pushed me into position.

I felt him slide his middle finger up and down the crack of rear the full length of it, from my soft balls to the bottom of my back. I felt his stiff finger drag across my little hole, made me quiver as he did that.

"I mean it. Don't you move!" Then I felt his middle finger pushed up deep inside of me, felt his closed fist shoved up into my butt, felt my cheeks spread wide. 

He started moving his entire finger around inside of me in circles. He was spreading my tiny hole wide. I cried out. I yelled out so loud that several other men glanced over at me. I kept my butt as still as I could, fought the urge to pull away.

I was ignored, he kept his finger moving. My boyfriend just watched, sipped his beer. He fingered me, spread my hole and cheeks like that for at least ten minutes.

"We're just playing, sunshine, we're just playing." I heard him say that just before he turned his finger to my prostate gland and started to massage it so hard it hurt. 

"Now we're going to get real serious." He kept that up. Kept rhythmically stroking my prostate, "Let's make a mess on the floor, let's show your man what you can do sunshine. Let's show what a good boy can do."

Then it happened.

I was in a daze. I felt myself cum all over the floor. It happened so quickly. It's wasn't like having an orgasm. It dripped, didn't spurt, I felt it run out of me. It actually hurts just a little, no control, just the feeling of cum being milked out of my soft penis, dripping out of me. The man's finger totally in control, he looked up and talked to my boyfriend as my cum started to run onto the tile floor.

"See, that's how it's done." He keeps massaging my prostate as I tried my best not to squirm on his lap. "And you can tell when the bitch cums, you can feel it on your finger." 

My cum in a little puddle on the tile floor between his boots, I could see it when I let myself go limp across his lap and looked at it. Saw the long strand of it slowly drip to the floor, I felt completely limp as it happened.

"I like it, like it a lot." My boyfriend sips from his beer bottle, leans forward to the floor for a better view, stares at me. "Now that's cool."

I feel myself milked completely dry and then feel the large finger pulled from my rear. He wiped his middle finger all over my cheeks and back, wipes himself off clean on me. Then I feel his hand come down across my rear so hard it makes me jerk, cry out.

'SMACK!' Then I feel it again. I start to jump, feel his right leg move to cover my legs like my boyfriend does when he spanks me. I start to cry again, cry out. Everyone in the room is now watching. The juke box has been silent for ten minutes. Some comment, laugh, some move closer, several men in the bar are now paying attention to me.

"If I can't fuck him can I spank him?" He looks to my boyfriend. "This is a real nice ass."

My boyfriend just nods. I was spanked for almost fifteen minutes. Held in place, little dick wet with cum, my shorts down around my ankles with his leg holding me in place like my boyfriend does, kept in place tightly and spanked hard. The music started and stopped several times. I did my best not to cry loudly but couldn't help it. 

When he finished he patted my rear with his hand. "Sunshine I wish I'd a found you before he did. You're a real good little boy, real good little piece of ass."

He helped me up off his lap by my arm. As I stood shaking next to him I looked around the bar, felt afraid and alone. He reached down and pulled my shorts back up over my rear. I felt myself jump as the waistband ran up over my red and swollen cheeks. He ran his hand up my thigh and over my soft penis over the outside of my pants. I just stood and stared down at my cum on the floor, felt the tears in my eyes drip onto my tight little shirt I wore. 

"Now that wasn't all bad, was it." He said it so gently, took me by surprise. I raised my eyes to him.

"No." I looked away as he laughed and pulled his chair back to the table.

I went to sit next to my boyfriend, felt my butt sting as I lowered myself onto the chair. He ignored me, sipped his beer and listened as the man said, "You just have to find the prostate, massage and milk it, you'll get the hang of it". He took a long drink from his beer. "And you don't have to do it that long. I was just playing. I could have milked him in less than a couple of minutes."

I looked away. I saw the boy by the men's room being used. Saw his mouth being fucked by a man holding the boy by the sides of his head, thought about how now I do that too, do that for my boyfriend whenever he wants. Thought to myself that the boy had been used at least five times since we'd come into this room, wondered who owned him, how many times more he'd been used before we got there. I wondered how many more times he'd be used, how many times he'd have to swallow for a strange man before he'd get taken to wherever he was kept, set free from the collar locked to the wall. 

I also thought about my rear end, dull pain all around the hole, felt like I'd been punctured by his finger, felt like my hole was open and still spread wide. I knew I hadn't been hurt but it felt like that. I dialed out, was in my own world.

I thought about the salesgirl at the mall that helped me buy the girly short shorts and sissy like t-shirt I was wearing in this men's bar. Thought about going into the Frederick's of Hollywood mall outlet I drove too away from my area, away from where anyone I know might see me. I thought about how nice she was to help me.

"Tell me the truth. These are for you, right?" She looked up at me, disarmed me. She was so nice. I was frozen. She'd seen me looking at the fluffy soft velour pull-on shorts. It was early. The mall had just opened and I wanted to make sure nobody would see me, nobody, not even strangers. Even so there were others in the store.

I was frozen completely.

She talked quietly, "I can't let you try them on but I can make sure you have the right size. And if not we can exchange them. Trust me, other guys buy things here for themselves. I know sizes for men. And if you trust me, come back to me, I'll always get you the sizes you need." She smiled up at me. "And it's not just because I'm nice. I get a commission."

We both laughed when she said that. She was speaking so quietly so that nobody around could hear. I truly appreciated that, was bright red face embarrassed. It was my first time buying sissy things.

I left the store with six pair of shorts, two white, two in pink and two in black. She assured me that they would be skin tight but not look stretched and ill fitting. She whispered, "These will come right up just past the tops of the backs of your legs, just across the curve of your cheeks, expose an inch of sexy curve. That's the way they are cut, the way they are supposed to fit. And they'll come just up over your butt, show your sexy little back at the bottom. Trust me. You're going to love these."

She then led me to the girly t-shirts I asked about. "Yes, you're gonna need some of these to set those little shorts off right, baby. Any man sees you in those shorts and this...", she held up soft clingy t-shirt with slightly ruffled very short sleeves, shook it in front of her, "...is going to want you. I know. I have this myself." 

I also bought several pair of lacey panties and stockings. Remember her saying, "Trust me on this too, you need these. If you don't now, you will. Guys love this stuff." She was so nice, so friendly. 

And she was so right. The outfit I was wearing, the shorts, t-shirt fit perfectly. And the pink heels I had made it all happen, I was a sissy's sissy. When we walked into this all-male bar eyes turned to check me out. I was the perfectly advertised sissy piece of candy, could feel just the bottoms of my rear cheeks exposed and sexy. I thought that is exactly what my boyfriend wants from me, thought that is exactly what I am now. 

As I thought about all this I felt my little hole throb, felt my cheeks sting against my soft shorts as I shifted on the chair. I felt the wet spot on the inside of my shorts too. My little penis dripped just a bit after my shorts were pulled back up over it.

I thought about all of this as I sat at the table, my mind racing. Thought about how I looked to others that looked my way. Soft pink shorts, slightly bare midriff shirt and very girly short sleeves, slightly puffy, pink toenails and fingernails, all that and pink ankle strap heels. I had my hair moussed and spikey, thought it would be obvious to anyone that saw me that I'm this man's whore. 

I looked down at my cum on the floor. I was day dreaming, lost. I felt my cheeks really start to throb now but didn't care. I was his sissy. He can do with me as he pleases. When we walked into the bar and some turned to look at me I wanted them to know. I thought about that too. 

I went out of my way to mince a little as I walked. Moved my rear end back and forth swaying, I wanted the whole world to know. And the way these men treated me was what I knew I really wanted. Thought to myself, 'I not only liked being spanked I deserved it'.

"Hey!" He was looking at me, snapped his fingers in front of my face twice real loud. He shocked be back to where I was. I looked up at him. My boyfriend jerked my arm as he said that. "Are you still with us?"

He leaned in close to me. "I was going to have you do some things here, really show you off, was going to have you suck his dick. But not now. After seeing that, seeing you across his lap, I'm going to take you home and fuck you." He took my hand and pushed it to his cock. Felt his rock hard erection as my hand ran over the outside of his pants. 

"All I want to do right now is take you home and ride that ass for a while, take my time with it. Do you know how hot I am for you right now? I wanna get you all alone." He stood without waiting for me to answer

I said nothing, just followed him. I was quiet, submissive and in my own world. As we started to walk away from the table I hesitated only for a moment, looked back at my cum on the floor. I was truly in a daze, as sissy haze.

I turned and took his arm, pressed up against him. As he walked me out of the bar I felt his hand go to my rear end. I whimpered softly, hurt from where I had been spanked. We walked all the way through the parking lot with his hand on my butt, me holding his arm. He was my man, felt that so strongly.

We got into his car.

"Are you going to make me one of those twinks as you called them, put me on the floor?" I felt nothing, didn't feel afraid even if the answer was 'yes'.

"Hell no. You're my bitch. You suck somebody it'll be to amuse me, not to be a whore in a place like that. But you never know." He looked at me, laughed hard. 

He started to drive. He didn't say anything as I leaned over and undid his pants. I thought maybe he'd slap me for being so aggressive, push me away. I didn't care. I wanted to see it, see his cock. I undid his belt and unzipped him. He raised up and let me slip his pants down must enough to let his huge cock jump out in front my face.
