 I'm squatting in the middle of his cold cement basement floor, just over the drain in his laundry room, sitting back on my high heels. The 4" spike heels he insists I wear now around the house, wobble in them and get whipped for it, walking or squatting. He says a 'lady-like' little bitch should know how to wear high heel shoes. 

Leather, padded restraints that buckle at the outsides of my ankles hold a two foot wide spreader bar between them, fastened to D-rings on the inside of the cuffs. I can't move my ankles apart or in toward each other. I'm held almost motionless. A thin chain attached to a small eye hook in the middle of the bar between my legs runs up to a metal and locked ring fastened tightly around my balls, so tight it hurts. A tiny padlock swings slightly behind my balls as I squirm slightly against the pain of my position on the floor. 

Standing is impossible. That's the point. I'm held naked and in that squatting position resting on my high heels with my knees spread. My soft and baby smooth penis and balls are pulled down toward the cold floor, red and slightly swollen. My hands are fastened by wrist cuffs to hooks on the side of a 2" wide leather collar buckled and locked around my neck, feel that padlock on that too, cold metal against the my naked back. 

He sits and watches. His urine is down the front of me, feel it in the padding of my ankle cuffs, cool and wet. I can smell it all over me, acrid and filling my every breath. Some on the floor by the drain, some in a small puddle around my shoes, his urine is everywhere. I keep my eyes to the floor. I'm naked except for my shoes. I try so hard not to wobble.

"You'll learn to do this. You'll get the hang of this, princess." He just stares at me. 

I whimper, look up to him as he says that, I beg to be released, somewhat hysterically. He stares back at me silently. I have thin red welts all over the sides of my outer legs and the top of my cheeks just below my back. Criss-cross of burning thin lines, rising to welts, I feel them sting sharply as I cry softly. 

He whipped me with a riding crop before walking to the couch to sit. I screamed as he held me tight by my hair, screamed for no one to hear but him in his locked basement, his punishment play room. We spend a lot of time at his house now, for just this reason. He gets to use all of his toys on me. He has all the S&M playthings he needs to fully exploit my submissive sissy sex toy status in his life. I'm his almost full time, his complete bitch. I know at some point he'll move me into his house. And I know that this will be my role 24x7. 

"Shhhhh, princess. We're going to try this again. When I say swallow all the way, I mean swallow all the way. You're not supposed to spill a drop." He chugs his beer. "I could put your ass over the whipping horse for an hour or two, spank you real good then leave you there over night to think about all of this." 

He looks at me finishes the last of his beer, drops the can to the floor. "I still have to piss. You're lucky, bitch. Don't have to leave you down here while I go for more beer upstairs." He stands.

"Now, baby, I really want you to get this right. This is a trick you have to learn to do right. It's very important to me. I don't want to have to whip that ass again. I know you'd rather have me fuck it. I want that too. So we're gonna try one more fucking time!" 

He's naked, looks huge as his muscular form moves forward and then towers over me. I shudder, whimper and cry as he stares down at me, smiles.

I look up at him, tears all over my face, bitter taste of his urine all over the inside of my mouth. "I want to do this, I do, please. Believe me." I hear the panic in my voice, "Please." I lose it start to cry even harder. "I want to be able to do this so bad for you." I hear myself say that through sobs, feel myself shudder as he grabs me.

I feel him put his hand under my chin, his finger and thumb squeeze the sides of my face. He pushes in on my cheeks firmly and opens my mouth, holds it like that in an exaggerated kissing pose, looks down at me. "So fucking cute, you really are." 

He puts the head of his cock to my mouth, feel the wet end of it on my lower lip. Then he pushes just the head of his soft cock into my mouth. He's large even when soft, feel the huge head move into my mouth filling it as I close my lips around him. I try as hard as I can to concentrate. I lock my lips around the back of the head of his penis, feel it slightly move as he does it for the third time.

He starts to pee.

He pees very slowly. He's holding back a lot. Tiny spurts, dribbles, he's doing that on purpose. He drips bitter urine into my mouth very slowly, not like the first time fifteen minutes ago when he just put it in my mouth pissed full force, then whipped me and did it again.

I swallow as quickly as I can, feel panic as I do. He's peeing softly, so that I actually can keep up with the flow, actually swallow as he fills my mouth. I try so hard not spill it down the front of my chin and onto the floor. I lock my lips around him tight and struggle to swallow rhythmically. I don't want to spill a drop. I don't want to be whipped again. Most important I know I want to please him, want to be a good sissy bitch for my man. 

I open my throat as I feel him start a steady stream. He smiles down at me as it runs down my throat. I'm not even really swallowing anymore. I've learned a new trick. I can feel it. I've learned a new way to service and please my man.

And then it's over.

"See, once you get motivated you can do it. Now I held back a bit, even when I let it go toward the end." He pulls himself out of my mouth, wipes his cock on the side of my face, in my hair. "But with time you're gonna learn to do that after I've had six beers and have to piss like a race horse." 

He laughs so loud it reverberates off of his basement walls. "Full force, princess, that could take a lot of whippings or it could just sort of happen naturally, it's all up to you, sweetie." 

He walks back to the couch. I look down at the floor, see my little penis and balls red and swollen, throbbing from the restraint, soaked. I see his urine and my tears all over them. I feel my penis going almost numb. I struggle to stay steady on my heels so as not to pull at the restraint, struggle hard to not put any pressure on the restraint chain holding my soft little thing and tiny balls.

He makes a cell phone call, ignores me. He doesn't even tell me to be silent. Whoever is on the other end of the phone can hear me whimper and cry. He ignores me as I start to cry harder. I am in very real pain. 

When he walks to the stairs and starts up them I lose it, start to cry hard, loud. He doesn't say anything, just leaves me. He turns out the light as I hear him at the top of his stairs. I hear the door close.

"PLEASE!" It's all I can say, scream between fits of tears. He was upstairs for what seemed like an eternity. I couldn't stop crying, shaking, tears running down the front of me, sobbing. I feel them burn as they hit my legs. 

And then the door opened upstairs, the light went on and blinded me momentarily.

"Please, please...I want to be a good boy, I do...please, Daddy, please..." I was hysterical, begging, "please...", sobbing as I cried out the word 'please' over and over.

When he came back downstairs he walked to me calmly without saying a word and put his cock back at my mouth. He took my hair in his hand and slapped my face twice very hard. 

"Shhhhh. Be quiet you little bitch." He put his large penis to my lips again, just held it there for me to take. "One more time, let's see what you've learned."

I was quick to open my mouth for him, close my lips around the head as fast as I could. Felt him start to pee again, swallowed for him as he wanted, felt myself almost choking but able to hold it down, able hold my throat open. I was able to drink as fast as I could and not let it run out of my mouth. Tasted my salty tears washed away, his urine the only taste in my mouth I felt myself give into this new 'talent', opened my throat wide and let him just piss right down it into my stomach. 

I didn't spill a drop.

"I knew you could do it, princess." He pulled away from me and went to the table next to his chair. He took a small key and returned to unlock the tiny padlocks that held my ankle and ball restraints. When he reached down and grabbed my penis and balls, lifting them to get to the little lock I screamed out loud, could not help it. He ignored that, reached up and undid the hooks that held my wrists to my collar.

He left the neck collar locked behind my head. He bent down next to me. "You aren't the first sissy faggot that's screamed his head off in this room. I've taught that trick to a few others that you may meet some day. But I have to say, you are the best of the bunch, princess. You really are. Don't think I don't know that. You learn quickly. And that pleases me." 

He stood and walked to his chair, sat as I took the restraints off of my throbbing balls and penis. He sipped his beer. His hard muscled body not only hot but intimidating too, I calmed down a bit and just looked up at him.

"Get your cute ass over here, bitch." I felt my knees locked into squatting position, felt them ache terribly, I cried out as I struggled to stand. I'd been locked in that position for over an hour. He peed in my mouth three times. Could taste him all over me, I walked to the front of him, stood as he looked up at my penis. I felt like the mess I was.

"You know I want to please you. I do." I looked down at him. "I'm sorry I can't drink it as fast as you want me to." I started to cry again softly. "I really want to please you. I think I know how to do it now. I do."

He looked up at me, laughed. He was rock hard. Watched him get hard as I stood and talked in front of him, just watched it rise. He was huge, his cock stood straight up off his lap as he bent forward in his chair. 

I felt his right hand go to my soft penis, felt him take it in his hand and use his index finger to run around the hole. He said nothing. Just started at it as he played with me, my tiny balls ached, throbbed as he brought me to semi erection. 

"I don't want you to say another word, not another word." He stared at my penis as he talked to me. I'll tell you when to speak."

I knew not to speak, controlled my whimpering and just stood there as he played with me. "You enjoy this, let's give you a little reward before you use that ass to jack me off. You have a very cute little dick, you really do. Tiny and cute." Felt him make me hard, even hard I am small, boy like in his hand. And is hand looked huge on me, always does. 

"You know you really are a good boy. And you know I really do know you're trying your best to please me. I know that." He took his hand off me, ran his index finger up between my naked legs, up over my throbbing balls and up the length of my penis. "I know."

He drove me crazy with his hand, stroked me and played with my penis for almost half an hour. I knew better than to even think about cumming. I stared down at his cock. Nine inches, made me look like a baby. Was overwhelmed by feeling like I want to go to my knees and suck it. I knew better than to do that without being told to. 

Then I felt him reach up and take my hand and lead me to his naked lap. Pull me to him by my wrist. Felt his other hand pushing my legs apart as I lowered myself onto him, I straddled his lap. I felt his huge erection push up against my little thing. I felt it crush up against my stomach.

As I got on top of him, my knees to his sides, I felt my legs throb with pain. I didn't dare say a word, stayed silent and looked over the top of his head to the wall as I felt him reach back and lift me slightly up and off of his lap. He put his cock back between my legs to my rear, felt him guide his cock up between my cheeks to my tight little hole. I felt the head of it push up slightly into me. I lowered myself down onto him, felt myself stretch apart as his big cock slipped up into my hole all the way in. I didn't wait to be asked or told, silently bit my upper lip so as not to softly cry out. He's so bit it always hurts at first. 

I started pumping him slowly, jacking him off with my rear end. I felt his large arm wrap around my back just up over my butt. I felt the flat palm of his hand grip me and hold me in place. His other hand holding my upper arm just above my elbow so tight I knew there would be small bruises from his fingers.

The only sound in the room was his grunting and moaning. And the names he calls me when he fucks me, the dirty talk. He put his mouth to my nipple, sucked it, nibbled, heard me cry out as he bit it just enough to make me whimper. I couldn't control that, felt him slap my rear end hard and then put his hand back in place to hold me tight. 

I just stayed in position, my hands over his shoulders holding the back of his chair. I felt his cock move in and out of my, heard that slippery sound between his grunting, the chair springs moving, heard my lubricated little hole as he used it. That real slippery wet sound as it opens and closes around his cock, I heard it all. I thought that I must look like a doll on his lap. I felt that he could pick me up with one hand, that's how big and strong he was compared to me. I felt the marks of his riding crop on my legs sting as I moved up and down on him. 

I felt something else too. I felt like I was pleasing my man, felt like I never wanted it to end. Felt like that's all I want to do. I lost myself to it all. I always do.

When he came, finished completely, he slipped out of me. I felt my tight little hole squeeze him out. I felt him reach down and cup my cheeks with both hands and lift me up off of him. I felt his wet cock slip out away from my rear end. Didn't wait to be told about what to do next, I know what I do after he uses me. I hurried to my knees in front of him, almost fell off of him onto the floor I moved so quickly. 

I ran my tongue all over his semi erection, his large balls and the hair that covered them. I licked and sucked up and over his legs, cock and balls where some of his cum had run out of me and onto him. I cleaned him completely, sucked up and swallowed his cum.

"Princess, you have no idea how hot you look in the mirror with stripes across your naked ass and thighs, and in high heel shoes too. Yep, no idea how they set it all off." Felt his hand on the top of my head as I licked his cum off his legs, my face pushed up into his crotch buried deep between his legs as I held his cock up straight in my hand. Then I put his cock in my mouth, squeezed it gently bottom to top, milking him. I wanted the last of it, wanted to show him that I'm his totally, wanted nothing other than to please him. 

I felt his finger go to the collar still around my neck, pull me up slightly, pull me up off of him and then to my feet. He stood holding me by the back of the collar. I felt his other hand pet my rear end, pat it.

"We're going to the club later tonight. We're going to show off your new trick, should probably try it at least one more time before we leave the house just make sure you learned real good." He cupped my cheek, ran his fingers up the crack of my rear. "I know I'll have to piss again at least one more time before we go." He stroked me gently, actually smiled at me. He kissed my cheek.

"Before we get you showered and all prettied up let's go up to my bed. Let my little girly boy take her time, suck me again properly." He moved to the back of me.

I felt his naked body push up to me, one hand wrapped up and over my lower stomach, his other hand up just below my throat, palm over one nipple. Felt him move slightly, slowly grind softly and push up against me, holding me tight up against him. He could be so gentle it shocked me. I went limp, kept my arms at my sides.

He whispered in my ear as he caressed me. "Let you suck me, baby, get fucked again the way you like, in my bed. Let you put that mouth all over me, maybe lick my ass a while." 

He was getting himself hot, very hot, talking to himself and not me. 

He was getting me hot too. I felt myself rise up on my toes as he pressed up against me tight, felt his tongue at me ear. "You want to make Daddy happy, princess, wanna get fucked in my bed?" He was purring, talking to me like I was a baby. This was his way of 'making love'. This is what he did almost every time after punishing me. 

I looked down, felt my little thing stand straight up as I thought about him on top of me in the missionary position, felt him rubbing against me now. I thought about him deep inside, my legs around his back, fucking me and then hurrying up across my stomach to finish in my mouth. I saw my felt my little erection go completely hard and start to throb as I looked down at it. I kept silent. I hadn't been told I could talk yet, knew not to say a thing. 

He slowly pulled away from me. I felt him move out from behind. He reached down and took my hard on in his hand, hand so big he covered it completely. He led me to the stairs, pulled me. The only sound in the room were my high heel shoes clicking on the floor as I hurried to keep up with him, arms at my sides.

He led me up to his bed.