 Chapter 2: "The Fourth Pill"

Joey shifted on his bed, bored. Horny and bored. Hanukah had come early this year, so he'd celebrated early with his parents over Thanksgiving break, and now they were off touring Europe for their 30th wedding anniversary. His family had moved after he'd graduated high school, so even though he still kept in touch with some of his high school buddies they weren't anywhere near his folks. He grumbled to himself as he lay there, only half paying attention to the Michael Bay explosion-fest on the TV in his bedroom. It had seemed perfectly fine, staying in the apartment by himself for six weeks over Christmas break, but had hadn't counted on how fucking boring it was going to be. Campus was empty, there was no wrestling going on, and he was still six months from being able to get into a bar. And this was a small college town: when the school shut down, pretty much everything did. With nothing to do he was starting to feel like a slug; he hadn't even shaved in three days. Like a lot of guys with a baby-faced look he didn't have much facial hair, but he was starting to feel like maybe he'd let things go a bit too far. At least he barely had any manscaping to worry about, except for a quick touch-up to his brown pubes every now and then. Not like Dave, who needed weekly sessions to keep himself looking and feeling his best.

And that was the worst part: Dave and Aaron had split once finals were over, Aaron back to his family in California (taking his Xbox with him, the little shit), Dave to his family down state, where they were off on a post-holiday ski vacation. That left Joey with no way to satisfy the cravings he'd acquired the last couple of months, ever since their unexpected stop at the Pines Motel. Joey closed his eyes as he thought back, his hands sliding under his briefs as his thumb idly traced its way over his hefty trimmed cock head.

Between the physical exertion of the wrestling meet and their raunchy adventure all three of them had been wiped out, and they'd pretty well passed out after getting off the second time. At some point Dave had flopped over into the other bed, while Aaron spooned up against Joey, his now-soft cock nestled against Joey's no-long-virgin ass. Come the morning Joey slowly woke up to realize two things: neither his cock nor Aaron's were soft any more, and Aaron's version of a wakeup call was to start stroking Joey's dick. Joey opened his eyes and saw Dave was also awake, staring at them and their obvious pumping motions under the bed spread. Dave's shaggy hair was sticking every-which-way from sleep, but his rugged features were alert as he watched Joey and Aaron, matching their strokes with his own. After a few minutes he threw back the covers, revealing his slightly furred and muscular body, his 6" fat cock jutting out and leaking clear fluid. Joey had licked his lips as the faint masculine scent had washed over him, and pulled the covers back from Aaron and himself so Dave could join them.

In his apartment Joey slid out of his briefs. His cock was fully hard now as he relived that morning, and the underwear would only interfere with his ability to pleasure himself.

As Dave had settled onto the bed the three of them arranged themselves into a daisy chain. Joey had wanted to finish what he'd started on Dave's dick the night before, and he'd seen how the taste of cum set Aaron off-he wanted to experience it for himself. Dave's cock had a residue of that green lube on it from when he'd fucked Aaron, and out of curiosity Joey had lapped some up, noting that the droplets in his trimmed pubes were still liquid. The taste was not what he'd expected: no chemical flavor at all, but a bit musky and meaty. Or maybe that was just the combination of cock and ass he was getting. In any case, it had left a warm glow in his mouth as he'd worked his way past Dave's fat head and down his shaft.

Joey spread his legs on his bed and wrapped his hands around his cock-at 8" it could easily accommodate both. Later he'd use some lube, but for now the generous supply of clear liquid coming from his cock was enough for his slow initial stroking.

As Joey had settled onto Dave's cock it was clear that Aaron had some unfinished business to attend to as well. He'd maneuvered himself around until his blond head was buried in Joey's crotch, determined to complete the blowjob he'd never quite gotten to the night before. Dave had done the logical thing at that point, wrapping his mouth around Aaron's still-lubed seven inches. Like Joey, Dave noticed a faint warmth in his mouth as he continued to lick and suck, his enjoyment of the act increasing as Aaron's cock became more generous in its supply of clear fluid.

Joey's stroking sped up slightly, and he began a slight twisting motion with his right hand to stimulate his cock head further.

Despite all three of them having come twice the night before, the daisy chain hadn't lasted long. Joey had been the first to pop, helped along when Aaron slid a finger up his still-slick ass. Dave hadn't been far behind though: Joey had remembered his cries of pleasure while he'd gotten fucked the night before, and had worked a couple fingers of his own into Dave's shaved muscular asshole to provide encouragement. Aaron followed soon after, filling Dave's mouth with his a load of cum for the first time. Later Dave mentioned he hadn't expected how good it would taste, or the wave of pleasure he'd felt as Aaron pulsed in his mouth. Joey had agreed.

Joey's cock was providing more natural lubricant as he relived the memory. He'd never leaked much pre-cum before the hotel layover, but now the scent of it was filling his bedroom as he started slowly thrusting his hips into his slick hands.

The guys had finally recovered and quickly showered up, leaving only a few minutes to spare before the morning checkout. The storm had cleared out, leaving beautiful blue skies and drifts of snow that would make the skiers happy. Unfortunately that snow had also turned the remainder of the trip into a nearly three-hour slog. Dave and Aaron had been focused on the driving, but squeezed in the back seat next to their gym bags Joey's mind had wandered back to their "adventure," and his cock had started to twitch again. Only Dave had noticed at first, glancing back in the rearview mirror with increasing frequency to watch as Joey slid a hand up his shirt to tweak his nipples,. But the sound of his zipper opening had gotten Aaron's attention, and he'd turned around grinning to watch Joey pull out his meat and begin stroking it. Aaron had managed to twist around and get far enough into the back seat that Joey shot most of his load into the blonde's open mouth, although a couple of squirts had gone wide and ended up on Aaron's chest and the seat back. Aaron got enough to meet his needs though, and a minute later a large wet spot was spreading through the front of his jeans where he'd been rubbing himself. Poor Dave had been so distracted by the show that they'd had to pull over for a few minutes so Aaron could suck him off before he could concentrate on the road again. Joey wasn't sure, but he thought Aaaron's wet spot had grown again after he'd swallowed Dave's load. For sure the car had smelled like cum for the rest of the trip.

Joey grabbed some lotion for his cock as he pumped faster. He was really getting into it as he fast-forwarded through the weeks after The Pines (or "Night Of The Dick Pills" as Dave called it), his legs spread and a slick finger teasing his asshole as he remembered:

Aaron's head bobbing up and down in his lap as they watched a football game, taking his load just as the Broncos scored a winning touchdown;

Helping Dave shave his cock and ass for the first time, and the feel of newly-slick skin under his tongue as he lapped around and then into Dave's hole;

Making out with Dave as they shared Aaron's cock, licking the cum off each others faces after Aaron came;

Topping Aaron for the first time, watching his blond head buried in Dave's dark crotch, his cries muffled by the fat cock in his mouth;

and finally, just before Christmas break,

Aaron grabbing him in a bear hug from behind as Joey dried off after a shower. He'd pressed his hard cock into Joey's crack and started squeezing his nipples, whispering in his ear "Who's my bitch now?" His tongue had traced its way down Joey's back to his ass, and his strong hands had spread Joey's cheeks apart to give full access to his eager hole. Aaron had let his beard grow longer, and the sensation of his whiskers rubbing and tickling against Joey's pucker had been indescribable. Joey had bent over the sink, no longer able to remain standing unsupported as his legs weakened; he'd watched himself in the mirror as he'd moaned and writhed, begging Aaron for more. The probing, squirming tongue had eventually been replaced by a well-lubed finger, then two, and finally the cock he was desperate for. Aaron had pulled him upright and started stroking his cock while they fucked, and the two of them watched in the mirror as they went over the edge together, Joey's jizz coating the mirror and sink, while Aaron's trickled down the inside of his thighs.

The last memory was the final push Joey needed. With a half-grunt, half-moan he shoved three fingers up his ass and came almost instantly, panting "fuck, fuck, fuck." As he came down off his high he licked the cum off his hand. It wasn't as good as Dave or Aaron's, but it would have to do for now. Still, if he didn't get some real action soon, he was going to go nuts.

Greg panted on the weight bench, recovering from his latest set. The redhead had been training hard since break started and he had nothing but time on his hands; now he'd nearly reached his goal of benching 185, his body weight. He probably could have gone higher if he'd worked at it, but he was trying to get ready for his first triathlon and his trainer had warned him not to bulk up too much. He had no expectations that he'd kick ass, but he did want to get a decent time and so he took his training seriously. And anyway, what the hell else was he going to do? His sister had moved to England when the Air Force transferred her husband overseas, so he couldn't stay with her. And after 26 years of an increasingly tense marriage his parents were splitting up in epic fail mode-going home would be like living on the set of a Maury show for a month, and there was no way he was going to do that. They were so focused on the divorce drama they'd hardly objected when he made some lame excuse about doing prep work for next semester, even though he'd been sailing through all his physiology classes so far. At least he'd graduate this year and finally get out on his own and away from the drama.

"Ah what the hell," he thought, "might as well try for 185." He put another 10 pounds on the bar and lay back down, muscular legs spread for balance, as he determined to squeeze out eight last reps.

By rep number four it was clear that he wasn't going to hit eight. His fifth rep came with some effort, and he forced himself to press on and at least get six out. Halfway up he realized two things: there was no way he was going to hit six, and he'd forgotten to adjust the pegs on the bar so he could dump the bar halfway up. "Shit!" he grunted as his arms trembled and his face turned red-he was going to get stuck.

Suddenly two hands appeared on the bar, and a face looked down on him. "Come on bro, show me what you've got. One more rep, man, one more rep." The guy obviously knew how to spot, because he didn't just lift the weight up; instead he just barely supplied enough lift for Greg's shaking arms to start moving up again. Greg wanted to curse at him to just take the freakin' bar, but he knew that this was the right way to go: pushing through to the very end was how to get the most out of the workout. Sweat pouring from his body, Greg grunted through clenched teeth and slowly inched the bar up until he completed the rep. His arms flopped to his sides and he lay there with his eyes closed gasping.

"Nice one bro-good fight." Greg opened his eyes to see his mystery spotter looking down at him, a respectful look on his face. The guy had short-cropped brown hair and looked young-maybe he was a freshman, although they weren't supposed to be able to stay over break while the first-year dorms were closed. He looked familiar somehow, and Greg sat up to get a better look. Wow, the guy was built like a brick shithouse: not very tall, but it was obvious he was one strong little dude. Now that he was sitting up Greg recognized him: he'd been about the only other guy that was in the gym regularly this time of year, and Greg had seen him working his way through his own sets-it was intimidating to watch. He reached up tiredly to shake his rescuer's hand. "Thanks man, you saved my bacon. I'm Greg."

"I'm Joey-happy to help. We've all gotten stuck before, am I right?" Joey's grip was rock solid. He wasn't being a dick and going for a crush grip or anything, but Greg could tell Joey's muscles weren't just for show. Like Greg, Joey was drenched in sweat; it looked like he'd just finished another one of those epic workouts.

Greg chuckled. "Yeah, I should've known better. The one time I forget to put the extra pegs on is the one time I decide to go for the gold."

Joey grinned, revealing even white teeth; his smile made him look like a cover boy for a fitness magazine. "Happens every time man; it just sucks there's no one around to spot this time of year. But I'm happy to do it again if you want. Just not today though-I'm beat."

"I hear you," said Greg. "No way I'm doing any more today; time to hit the showers and head out." He pushed off the bench to stand up, grimacing slightly. It felt like he might have pulled something in his left shoulder a bit.

"Yep, me too," said Joey. "Looks like we're the last ones in here anyway." Sure enough, they were, and the gym attendant was giving them the "wrap it up" sign. The two of them headed to the locker room, chatting as they went.

"Yeah, I think so. You're in here a lot-you training for something?"

"Sort of. I'm on the wrestling team, and we've got the spring season coming up, so need to make sure I don't get all flabby over break." Joey patted his stomach; even with a tee shirt over he was clearly in no danger of developing a beer gut.

"Cool. How long you been on the team?"

"Three years now, plus when I was in high school."

"Oh, so you're not..."

Joey rolled his eyes good-naturedly. "No, I'm not a freshman. I'm a junior, man."

Greg blushed a little, making his faint freckles stand out slightly. "Oops. Sorry dude. I guess you get that a lot."

Joe waved his hand. "Nah it's cool, I get it all the time. I figure I'll be the best-looking guy in the retirement home, and then I'll have my revenge."

"No doubt my friend, no doubt," Greg laughed. He stripped down and opened his locker, grabbing his shower supplies and two towels off the shelf, then turned to toss one to a naked Joey. "Yikes," he thought, "that is one freakin' donkey dick." Luckily Joey was distracted by the towel toss and didn't notice his glance. Greg had never felt inadequate about his 6+ inches, but there was no way to compete against that thing; he hoped he and Joey never went for the same chick at a party. Grumbling to himself about how some guys got all the luck, Greg headed to the shower.

The two of them chatted some more as they quickly soaped up and cleaned off. It turned out that Greg knew a friend of Aaron's, and had actually been to their apartment for their end-of-the-semester blowout party. "That was your place?!" he asked, "Holy shit, that was an awesome party. I barely remember the end of it I was so wasted."

"Yeah, it was epic all right," said Joey, rinsing the shampoo out of his hair; he remembered the end very well. After everyone had left they'd given Dave his Christmas present: a 10" black dildo shaped like some porn star's cock; God only knew where Aaron had bought the thing. They'd left it out on the coffee table as a joke, but after a few minutes Dave had picked it up and started fondling it with more than casual interest. One thing had led to another and they'd ended up on Dave's bed between his legs, he and Aaron taking turns pumping the dildo in Dave's ass while they shared his cock and balls. Dave had grabbed a pillow to muffle his screams as he came, jizz spraying over his chest and belly faster than even Aaron could keep up. After Dave's spasms had subsided Joey had scooped up some of Dave's cum and smeared it on Aaron's cock to jack him with, while Aaron did the same to him. They'd come on each other a few minutes later, locked together while the warm goo spread between their torsos. Shaking off the memory Joey quickly turned down the shower temperature before things got awkward with Greg: he hadn't shown any interest in playing around, and Joey was horny, not stupid. The guy was definitely good-looking though-Joey thought the reddish-brown hair was kind of exotic-and he had a trim muscular look that made him think off a slightly leaner Aaron. Too bad about the bush though: Greg's chest, arms, and muscular thighs were pretty smooth, but that stopped at his crotch, where his cock and balls were lost in the fur. Still...

Greg chatted with Joey as they toweled off and got dressed. It turned out Joey was a physiology major too, and they had a few friends in common, including one girl they'd both had sex with at different times. Greg was relieved he'd done her first-he pitied the guy who was the follow-up act to Joey's schlong.

As they headed out the door Joey shook his hand and said "Well, I guess this is it. Time to head out for another glamorous night on the town." He sighed.

"Yeah, boredom central. I had no idea how dead campus got between semesters." Greg paused. "I'd tell you to come over and we could hang out and have a few beers, but my TV just died. Mom said she'd send me one for Christmas, but it won't get here for a week. It's the sux."

Joey shrugged. "Hey, if you've got beers you're welcome to hang at my place. My roommate took the Xbox, but we can watch HBO or something."

Greg's face lit up. "Awesome. I have an Xbox-lemme swing by my place and get it and some brews, and I'll head over."

"Sweet." Joey gave him the address-it was only a few blocks away from Greg's place-and they headed off in their separate directions. Greg was stoked: Joey seemed like a cool guy, and at last he'd have something to do besides train and sit around his apartment.

Twenty minutes after they split up Greg knocked on Joey's door, a grocery back in one hand and an Xbox trailing cables in the other. "Yo, let the games begin." Joey's apartment looked pretty similar to his: living room, kitchen/dining area, and three bedrooms, two with a shared bathroom, and one with its own, all furnished in broke college student style. There was a nice TV in front of the cheap brown couch, with a pile of stereo equipment next to it and a rat's nest of cables coming out the back. Greg set down the beers, took off his coat, and started poking around to see how to hook up the Xbox, giving his shoulder an occasional hitch as it twinged. He'd definitely pushed a bit too hard on it.

Twenty minutes and a beer later he was no closer to figuring out how to get the game console hooked up, at least not in a way that would give picture and sound at the same time. "Sorry Joey, I have no freakin' clue here. Whatever your roommate did to hook this thing up is a mystery."

"Yeah, no one's ever figured out Aaron's brain. We can use the TV in my room if you want-it's smaller but it should work fine."

"Sure thing. Lead on." Joey's room wasn't a sty, but it definitely had more laundry on the floor around the double bed than Greg's room did. Greg wasn't sure but he also thought he caught a familiar whiff of jizz, a reminder that he himself hadn't jerked off for several days now. He had no idea how he'd gone that long without a little private session, but something about the boredom plus the family stress just hadn't left him in the mood. He mentally shrugged and moved to the TV Joey had placed facing the bed, a folded-up futon couch in front of it. This would work, even if it wouldn't be as spectacular as on the living room set. At least he could get to the TV's backside easily, and the setup was simple. He plugged in the box and fired up Forza Motorsport while rubbing his left trap. "Hope you like car games."
