 He turned his head to me as he smirked, "Like I said, nice ass."

I was frozen. Despite my body's rigidity, my cousin deftly used his hand on my ass to turn my body around and towards him. He pulled me in for a kiss. It started as a soft landing. Then I could hear the air running those his nostrils as he took a deep breath in. His chest heaved with oxygen and pressed against my malleable frame. Possibly beckoned further by the scent, his second kiss was substantially firmer and his other hand migrated up towards the back of my head to pull me in further. His tongue flicked my lips open, and he quickly used it to play with mine. He was experienced: he had definitely done this before, and kissing another guy was not something new to him.

He took a step back, his hand around my head looping around and running down my chest as he let his arms fall to his side. His eyes followed his hand down my body before he looked back up at me. He asked, "You're into this, too, right?" He knew the answer. I was just too shy to do anything but mumble a weak "yes."

"What was that?" He challenged me with another prompt. I cleared my throat.

"Yes, I like it. I like it a lot." I paused, still bewildered by the circumstances. "I'm just a bit..."

"Surprised?" He replied, smirking. "Well, let's just say that there's not a lot else to do out here. You live, you suck, you fuck..." He put particular emphasis on the last word, his hand sliding down to his crotch to clench a hefty bulge.

We stood there, looking at each other a few more seconds before I heard a wooden plank creaking within the barn. I turned to see Jorgen dismounting from the ladder onto the loft. He was smiling at the sight of us two at the edge of the barn. "I see you've already started," he said. "Please continue," he said as he looked to his brother.

"Sorry, Jorgen, I just thought we might as well start the day early," said Anders in quick reply before giving me a wink. He turned back to his brother: "Want to help me strip him down?"

"What?" I asked. I felt like I was left out of the loop in something going on.

"No, you keep going. I'll clear the bench," Jorgen replied. He gave my body a once-over before turning away to do something else. Just as he moved away, Anders grabbed my attention by grabbing onto the hem of my shirt.

"Arms up." I did as he said, and he even more quickly pulled my shirt. I went for his shirt as he overpowered me to pull my jeans and boxers down in one swift motion. My cock bounced against the release from its restraint and his my cousin's warm and bulging bicep. My cock was a pencil against his arm: healthily long, but average in width, I felt the warmth of the sun directly hitting onto my cock - a new sensation I had never felt before. "Oh, yeah, you're liking this alright," my cousin said as he stood back up, looking at my cock. "Now turn around," he demanded.

I turned around to reveal my ass. "Looks like he's got a better ass than you, Anders," I heard Jorgen say from afar. Indeed, my body looked like all the major muscle mass was compounded into a well-framed rear that I'll admit, even I enjoyed looking at in the mirror standing naked.

"Fuck you, man," Anders replied.

"No, today, I intend to do the fucking," Jorgen calmly replied, with full certainty in his tone. I turned back just at that time to see that Jorgen had been just a few feet away clearing a leather bench on sturdy wooden frame that I hadn't noticed before. It was a bench, per se, but more like a low-level platform, rising to just below Jorgen's knees. He used the opportunity to now connect his eyes with me, his gaze telling me that I was the object of his last sentence. Without breaking eye contact with me, he moved his hand up to the last clasp holding his overalls on his body to send his clothes tumbling to the ground in a heap around his feet.

He looked down to pull his legs out and onto the floor. My eyes were glued to his cock. I had seen a couple in person before, but nothing like this. Jorgen's cock was something from a stud porn studio. A healthy but trimmed bush of hair surrounding his naked and raging cock, accentuating its shape. I'd guess he was only notionally longer than I was, but his girth was the feature of his cock that drew in your command. He smiled, "You've made out with him enough, let's let him graduate to tasting something different."

Anders dutifully helped out his brother, who moved to the head of the platform, facing us, and motioned for me to get on the platform. "Kneel." I obeyed and knelt onto the platform at the other edge. A hand just between my shoulder blades from Anders pushed my body onto all fours. "Good boy," he said to me. "He's all yours," he added, this time talking to his brother.

I looked up to see Jorgen's tall, muscular frame now towering in front of me. Standing on the floor itself, his frame put his cock directly a foot in front of me. From here I could see more detail: a smooth foreskin wrapped around a bulbous bright red head, a series of veins that wrapped around the edge of his girth to convey the strength of this particular muscle, and a shining bead of what I recognised as precum at the very tip. He used his left hand to stroke my face and wrap around the back of my neck with a firm pull towards him and his pulsating cock. "Don't be shy," he said. "We're family, after all."

I stuck my tongue out to lick the precum off his head. It tasted sweet and salty at the same time. As I opened my mouth to take a second lick, Jorgen's hips bucked forward and the whole tip of his cock slid inside. He sighed as I began breathing through my nose and used my tongue to establish the size of his cock in my mouth. I could tell he wasn't going to be able to fit the whole thing inside, but I was electrified by the prospect of having it where it was. My tongue flicked around the head to establish that his foreskin was still in place, and so I pulled back away, this time running my lips firmly along the head to pull it back. This evoked another sweet drip of precum that I used to lubricate my mouth a bit further and tried to take in more of his cock. He slid just a few inches in before reaching a natural resistance. I opened my eyes to see that I had only succeeded at taking in about two thirds. He grunted and pulled his hips back to withdraw his cock. My head followed just behind, letting his cock re-enter. He became a bit louder and his hands moved to the sides of my head to guide my mouth. He seemed to recognise the natural limitations of my body against his strength. I'm sure he could've put my head into a hold and forced his way in, but he calmly and confidently let my head bob from the tip of his cock to the point of just applying a bit of resistance at my throat.

It was with the fifth stroke that I felt two hands spread my ass cheeks and a wet tongue run from the bottom of my balls all the way up my ass crack. After one long establishing stroke, there followed five quick, thick swipes around my ass. Quickly prepped and wet, I could feel Anders' tongue expertly applying the right pressure on my hole to make me moan into Jorgen's cock and my body ache for penetration. His tongue lightly dug in at the right places to soften my body.

Jorgen pulled his cock away, letting a trail of spit/precum mix stretch between my gaping mouth and his raging erection. His hand slid against my face and along my mouth to collect what remained of that mix and he used it to lube the unreached parts of his cock with his hand as he jerked himself a few times. He then walked around the platform, where Anders was now standing. Anders removed his shirt as he let his brother take his place standing just behind me. Their eyes were glued to the sight I couldn't see: the proximity of Jorgen's hard cock and my wet exposed ass.

I spoke up: "Is...is there lube somewhere?" They both turned to me to give me a look that pondered how I could be so stupid to ask that question. I continued, taking their answer as assumed: "I've never done without lube before."

A pause, then they looked to each other, and Jorgen motioned his head towards me to direct his brother. Anders's face lit up with quiet understanding as he took the required steps to then take the place of where his brother was standing. Except instead of standing, he knelt on one knee and looked at my eyes. As he knelt down, I followed the movement of his low-riding jeans to discern that he definitely wasn't wearing any underwear. He used his hands to bring my head back to directly facing him. He was only an inch away from me.

"Just breathe, okay?" He said. I took one deep breath and as I exhaled, Anders kissed me once more. It was all an attempt to distract me from what couldn't be ignored: the firm grasp of Jorgen's hands on my hips, the firm press of the head of his saliva-coated cock against my hole, and the slow, measured entry of his cock head into my ass. I clenched against the new sensation and yelped in pain. "Breathe, dammit" commanded Anders. I opened my eyes to see him still in front of me, although I could tell one of his hands had drifted down into his jeans. I watched him take a long stroke of his cock, and I measured my breath to the same tempo. I relaxed again just as Jorgen dug into my ass deeper still. A repeat of the same process, although this time quicker, and I then could feel the weight of Jorgen's body pushing into mine as his cock finally buried itself to the base.

"This is the tightest ass I've ever...And we're going to fucking ruin you, cuz." He didn't look at me. I turned around to see him standing there, enjoying the full sight of his cock nestled in my ass. He withdrew just to the head, let some spit fall down onto his cock, and quickly re-entered, this time without any slow entry. I grabbed onto the platform as I shook forward against the motion of Jorgen's cock.

I closed my eyes to keep trying to breathe through what felt like the doubling of the largest cock I had ever taken before, simply lubed up with farmers' spit and whatever precum was now leaking from Jorgen's cock. I would be momentarily distracted as I could feel Anders' hands slowly moved along my body, massaging my into relaxation. This was to make me a better recipient to Jorgen's commanding and deep strokes. He noticed my unsteady positioning and moved his hands farther up my body onto my shoulders as he found a new, deeper motion to spring into.

Anders' hands had moved onto my cock, which he now stroked with his firm, warm hands. I moaned with excitement, both to elicit more action but also to warn him and Jorgen that I was getting close. Evidently, Jorgen was much the same: he grunts became louder and more animalistic as his left hand moved from my shoulder into my hair. He clenched his fist and pulled from my hair to bring my head back. He used this new hold to launch a series of full, fast strokes, his entire cock emptying out of my system before slamming back in and shocking it with fullness.

He grunts grew louder and louder until I felt it. His sperm, released as ropes of warm fluid pooling inside my body, took me over the edge as I shot my load in near synchronisation as Anders continued to coax my cock with his hand. I yelled in exasperated delight as the first stream of cum drooled out of my cock onto the platform. We rested in this position: I was resting my shoulders on the platform now, Jorgen was standing with his cock buried to the base, and Anders was now licking the white gooey mess off his left hand. A moment later and I felt the pull of Jorgen's cock withdrawing. He was still semi-hard, his cock glistening in his own handy work. His hairy chest heaved with deep breaths of completion.

To be continued...