 I was resting my shoulders on the platform now, Jorgen was standing with his cock buried to the base, and Anders was now licking the white gooey mess off his left hand. A moment later and I felt the pull of Jorgen's cock withdrawing. He was still semi-hard, his cock glistening in his own handy work. His hairy chest heaved with deep breaths of completion.

"Better for you?" asked Jorgen to his brother, pointing to my still exposed ass. Anders walked around behind me and started fingering my hole with what remnants of my own cum remained on his hand. His fingers weren't anything compared to the size of Jorgen's cock, but the muscles of my hole twitched with lingering sensitivity.

"Oh, yeah, this'll do," Anders replied. He quickly stripped off his clothes, exposing his hairless and bulging chest, with neat rows of abdominal muscles pointing succinctly down to a trimmed bush of blond pubic hair. A swift, one-handed release of the button left his jeans resting their weight on his cock. "Hey, cuz, turn around and watch this!"

I did what I was told to do and flipped onto my back, my ass resting on the warm puddle of my own cum and my arms propping my torso up to look at the spectacle of my cousin's tight frame. He pointed down towards his crotch to direct my attention. A throb of his cock demonstrated the full girth of his cock. It wasn't average, and I'm pretty sure that it was something I hadn't even really seen in porn before. Another forced throb from his cock, and the jeans loosened and fell to the ground. His cock didn't bounce back up the way mine would have. His cock extended out like a third arm hanging in the wind - easily beating out both me and Jorgen in terms of length. The girth was just as teased for: baseball bat would be the nearest comparison I could think of at the moment. It was the great equaliser in the brotherly competition between Jorgen and Anders, and it explained so much.

He grinned as he twitched his cock in the air one more time and looked towards me. I felt like he was enjoying my stunned silence as a reply to his size. He returned his left hand to his cock, and his hand focused on massaging the smooth head of cock, much like a pitcher rubbing a baseball between his fingers. His hand, still slightly gooey with my cum, left just a little lubrication to his cock. However, he then moved his hand down the shaft - his fingers unable to make a full grip around - and pulled back his foreskin, releasing a smooth, glistening stream of precum down to the floor. He used his right hand to collect the stream in his palm and brought his hands to work as a pair to massage his cock to full mast and cover it in his own precum.

"You're lucky that he leaks like a faucet," Jorgen said, looking to me. "He's always been the biggest and the wettest in the family."

"Yeah, you fucking made fun of me for all those years for the marks I'd leave in my boxers," Anders joked back at his brother; his hands still swiftly moving along in sync with each other to massage his cock. It was now harder than before - the drooping curve was less pronounced and it rose higher into the air than before.

"You ready?" asked Anders while he stroked his cock again. I cleared my throat to reply but realised that he was talking to his brother instead of me when Jorgen moved my arms out from under my back, resting me on the platform, and pulled his long meaty arms down my chest and in between my legs to pull my feet into the air, my ass exposed once again. He positioned himself neatly on top of me, with his knees placed next to my shoulders, my head nuzzled between his muscled thighs. I took in a deep breath of air through my nose and took in my older cousin's musky scent from his spent cock and once again loosely hanging balls, now hovering no more than two inches above my face. His ass was round and firm - honed by years on the farm - and covering in an arousing layer of blond fur. My cock twitched awake with renewed excitement.

"Looks like cousin Peter is getting ready, too," cooed Anders, still milking his cock for more precum. "Good thing, too. Foreplay's fucking overrated." He freed one of his hands to slap my cock awake. It extended further along my stomach, reaching up towards my belly button.

"Thus why I went first: a favour for our favourite cousin," replied Jorgen, with what I presume was a wink to my face buried between his legs. I did notice that his cock was stirring to action once again.

My head brushed up against Jorgens' balls and cock as I looked up to watch Anders position himself in front of my ass. His hands stretched along each cheek, spreading my hole open fully. He spit once, letting his saliva drop along my crack onto my hole. He slipped his hand briefly to guide his cock to the sweet spot, and he pressed. Even though I still felt loose and freshly fucked from Jorgen's doing, his cock still strained against the muscled ring of my ass. The pressure continued to build until my ass gave in and Anders' cock entered me.

I writhed back against Jorgen's legs holding my body in place. His grip on my ankles tightened, and his legs descended, slowly sitting on my face until I could do nothing but breath in the scent of his balls through my nose. I screamed into his body. He moaned against the vibrations. I felt his balls tighten against my chin and his cock lift up off my cheek.

"I'm not even half way in!" I heard Anders say. "You were right, this boy was tight as fuck."

"Tight as fuck, bound to buck!" Jorgen replied with a rhyme in rehearsed cadence.

Anders withdrew his cock and my body relaxed as the pain dissipated. I felt a throbbing rush of blood to my ass to recover from the strain. "Remember, Peter," Anders said just before he kissed my inner thigh. "Just breathe." My cock quivered to his touch, and he wrapped his lips around it. A few good strokes, and I was raging hard. The scent of Jorgens' balls, my cock getting sucked, and my ass worn, I was exhilarated and stuck my tongue out to lick just a bit of the area behind Jorgens' balls, between his legs.

"Oooh, fuck. He's good to go, brother." Jorgen said as my tongue took a second lick. I felt Jorgen's hands tightened again against my ankles, my legs pulled back further, my ass exposed a little more. The pressure of Anders' cock back against my hole. The slow increase of micro-thrusts of his hips, gaining intensity until he finally broke past the ring agin and slid inside. It still hurt. I moaned against into Jorgen's body and breathed quick, shallow breaths.

"Deep breaths!" I heard Anders say as he wrapped his hands around each of my thighs, using them to leverage his body deeper. It was only one stroke to the base. I felt the head of his cock creep further into my body, stretching my hole like a sweater sleeve two sizes too small for his arms. My ass clenched tight. "You know, making it tighter is great for me, but it'll hurt like fuck for you. So, breathe. Calm down. Relax."

We waited in that position for what felt like ages. His cock buried in my ass to the base. My mouth surrounded by Jorgen's legs. My ankles restrained in the air by Jorgen's arms. Anders' hands caressing my stomach, my chest, and my ass to relax my body further. He occasionally traced what felt like the shape of his cock along my stomach. Was he that big that he could tell just how deep he was? "Good boy," was what he said once I relaxed a bit.

He picked up motion, and the motion actually helped with the pain. His strokes turned the pain into a strain, and the strain soon became pleasure. His strokes were deep and methodical - his hips swayed like a machine, his cock slamming my body awake with energy. I felt alive like never before. I took the opportunity to signal my satisfaction by licking Jorgen's body again. He began to sway in rhythm with my tongue. He leaned forward, pulling my legs farther back, now nestled underneath his armpits, and moving his balls directly into my mouth. I played with them while my cousin kept plowing my hole open. I made ever effort to not bite when the strokes became too much.

"Fuck, I haven't had anything this tight and this willing in years!" exclaimed Anders, his hips now thrusting at a more violent pace that would send my body sliding forward on the platform if it weren't for Jorgen's legs still holding me still. "You better like this cuz, because I'm going to be unloading inside you all summer long," he said slyly. A pause, and then he continued. "Well, look at his cock. Looks like he's enjoying it!" I felt one of Anders' hands wrap around my cock. He milked it in time with his thrusts, but the length of his cock penetrating and pulling out of my hole felt like double the distance his hand covered in stroking my cock head to base. I was in awe of his cock. I was in awe of how good he made my ass feel being torn apart and fucked again. I was in awe of his expert fuckmanship. This was just when Jorgen leaned only a little bit more forward and wrapped his lips around the head of my cock.

That's all it took. A couple more strokes of Anders bottoming me out, and I shout my second load into Jorgen's eager mouth. The air he sucked in along with my cum down his throat tickled my cock head. He dismounted as he wiped away and sucked off his finger a final strand of my cum. As his left leg pulled back so that he was standing just to the right side of my head, I noticed that he must've been jerking off the whole time.

"Open up," he commanded, looking down at me, his cock swinging in the motion of his hand between his eyes and mine. I obliged and opened wide just as he slid the head of his cock into my mouth and began to unload.

"Oh, fuck, that's nice." Anders said, looking on at the sight of his brother feeding me his seed. "Oh, fuck, I'm close." His pace quickened, his thrusts deeper and harder. His arms extended up to my shoulders. He reached out with his left hand to pull my jaw away from his brother's cock and to face him. He leaned in and kissed me, his tongue salvaging his brother's cum from my mouth. Our lips remained locked as I felt the last few strokes of his cock before his body shuddered and he came.

To say he simply came would be an understatement. It was a wave. His arms wrapped around my body, and he lifted my body into a temporary harness made of cock and his arms holding me in the air, gravity pushing his cock deeper inside as his cock buried his mark deeper inside my body than anyone had ever fucked me before. He dropped me back on the ground and kept thrusting his hips to fully unload in my ass. His eyes were locked on mine, his brother's cum drooling just a bit from his mouth. His uncontrolled, carnal desires were clear as he slowed his pace, ultimately withdrawing in one long last stroke.

He took a step back and my legs fell to the ground, my body collapsing from exhaustion onto the platform. Anders stepped up onto the platform, straddled my body just at my chest, sitting down with his cock now resting on and over my mouth, his barely softened cock head touching my nose. Jorgen bent down and started licking his brother's cock from the top. Jorgen extended a hand behind my head to encourage me to do the same. Anders panting with relief as we worked on his softening cock. Once mostly cleaned, he stood up, his legs straddling my head much like his brother's had been before but now in the opposite direction, and he lowered his cock - well, a third of it - down my throat before I gagged. He tightened his fingers at the base and pulled his cock out, leaving one last tangy trail of cum in my mouth.

"Right, back, to the farm," Jorgen said. Without wasting another beat, he slapped his brother's ass and moved to put back on his underwear and overalls. Anders moved around and lied down next to me on the platform. Just as Jorgen walked away to leave, he came up and kissed me. "Glad you came to stay, cuz." He mounted the ladder and descended below the barn's loft.

I looked down at Anders' semi-hard cock and noticed that his cock and my right forearm were basically the same size, except his cock was covered a in webbed network for throbbing veins. "That's the morning for you! How are you feeling?" he asked.

"Great!" I said. "Well, exhausted, but pretty good."

"Same here. We can rest here for a bit," said Anders as he turned over onto his side, stretching his arm, his leg, and his cock over my body to rest on top of me. It felt comforting and protective.

And rest we did, drifting asleep to a brief midday nap.