 Moving day was fairly non-eventful. I got settled in my new space, having a lot more room than before, and Terry helped me all day, getting stuff organized. He surprised me by having a bunch of food ready for my "moving crew" which was great, as I hadn't even thought about that.

When my friends had finally taken off, he came into my room where I was relaxing in my desk chair, having just gotten my computer connected to the Internet "Settling in?" he asked, spinning me around playfully in the chair so I was facing him.

"Yeah, the DSL here is a lot better than what we had," I told him.

"Cool. Your friends seem nice," he commented, "You're lucky you can get people to do that stuff for ya."

"Well, I've moved all of them at one time or another... it's just the way we are," I told him. "Movers are expensive, and my stuff would barely fill half a truck anyway..." I trailed off as he had started unbuttoning his pants. "Boy, today must have been rough for you, staying dressed all day," I teased.

"You got that right," he said, kicking them free. He tugged his snug t-shirt off and threw it aside, rubbing his chest as if it had been restrained. "Come on, let's work out."

"Dude! I was carrying boxes all day!" I complained, but I followed him. He certainly had will power.

Throwing himself on his back he directed me to help him stretch his legs out, then did the same for me. We did a bunch of squats and deadlifts with the dumbbells, making me feel sorry for the people downstairs, then he wanted to finish up with crunches. Holding his ankles, I found myself staring once again not only at his dick and balls but the area behind them. My mind went back to our last visit, when he had slipped a finger in there. He knocked out a hundred, huffing only slightly. I raised my eyes from what had been distracting them, caught him looking at me, one eyebrow up in query or challenge.

"What? I can't do a hundred, no way."

"I'm sure that's what you were thinking about too," he teased. "Let's see how many you CAN do."

We traded places and I knocked out 56, which I thought was pretty damn good considering I had not done a crunch since high school. Vincent was impressed and said so, but said I'd be feeling it the next day. "Shower time," he told me, heading into the bathroom and leaving the door open. Apparently he expected the conversation to follow him whatever he was doing... I really hoped that did not extend to taking a dump.

He again chattered away happily soaped himself up. It must have been stifling for someone so talkative to live alone. He must have been so relieved that I was there ... or maybe he talked anyway. I was used to being more quiet, but I enjoyed his company (and watching him) so I didn't mind.

This time I was smart and got out of the way when he turned the water off. He stood on the mat and gestured at the bottle of baby oil. I went to hand it to him but he pulled his hand away. "You do it," he told me, and stood expectantly like a car waiting to be polished.

"Me? What's wrong with you?" Secretly I would love the opportunity to touch him more, but I wasn't going to admit that.

"Nothing. I moved all your shit today, you can help me out, can't ya?"

"I guess so," I didn't want to sound too eager. I drizzled some of the oil down his chest then slowly rubbed it into his smooth skin. Shit, he felt amazing! I took some more and gave each meaty pec a rubdown, teasing his little nips a bit, then worked my way down each arm. His biceps felt like there was a grapefruit or baseball under the skin, and I could feel him flexing a little in my grip. I had to stand up to do his shoulders and then worked my way down his tapered back before putting the cap back on the bottle

"Didn't you forget something?" he said slyly, flipping his cock around.

"Dude, I'm not greasing up your dick," I told him. "You moved boxes, not a piano."

He laughed, and I watched as he finished the job himself. We both knew I was waiting to see if he'd goose himself again, and he gave me a comical look as he did so. I would liked to have seen that in better detail, but knew there was no way I could ask.

Meanwhile, apparently the combined effect of our touching his skin again had an effect on his cock, which had thickened noticeably and was standing away from his balls a bit. Trying to make light of it, I said "So what do you and your roommate do? Oh, we just stand around and talk about the first thing that comes up!"

He laughed, but remained standing there. "I guess I did a good job," I told him nervously as we both watched his cock grow and rise. He seemed completely unphased by my watching him get an erection.

"Yup, felt good. That may just become your job." Seeing where I couldn't help but look, he added, "Figured you'd see one of these sooner or later, so there's no sense hiding."

I nodded stupidly, still staring at his dick, which now pointed at my face.

"Is mine really the only cock you've seen?" he fidgeted with it absent-mindedly.

"Other than on farm animals. I don't think you want to be compared to them."

He laughed at that. "Do you think it's a nice one, though?"

"Compared to a sheep's, yeah. Why are you asking?"

"I dunno, just wondering. Since you've never seen one, and all."

"Well I do have my own, you know," I retorted. "I have some idea what they are supposed look like."

"I can see that. It's making a wet spot on your pants, as we speak," he told me. I looked down in horror to see the plain outline of my less impressive meat and So you think it's a nice one? Do you like the trim job?"

"Man, why are we talking about your dick so much?"

"I dunno. My girlfriend and I haven't done it yet. I'm kinda embarrassed to tell you that, but she's making me wait. I just wonder what she's gonna think when she sees it."

"I'm sure she'll think it's fine."

Meanwhile, all this time, I was squatting in front of his him, and he was fussing with himself, not actively jerking off, but not letting it relax either.

"So?" he grinned. "Not bad, huh?"

"Dude, it looks lethal," I admitted, abandoning any attempt not to inflate his ego as much as I had his cock.

"Now you've seen me hard, too. We're even," he grinned, enjoying my admiration. Not exactly, but whatever.

"Can we go eat now? Something besides a sausage and meatball sandwich?" I teased him, wanting to break the weird moment.

"Yeah, man, let's do it."