 I was half awake when I heard Terry calling me from his room. I had not been in there since the first day, figuring it was the one place he might want some privacy, but he rarely shut his door. I wandered in and he was naked and hard again, dick in hand.

"Had morning wood, figured you'd like another show," he told me. That seemed a little presumptuous, but fuck, he was hot. He had his legs spread wide and I could see that spot behind his balls that intrigued me. I decided to sit near the foot of his bed so I'd have the opposite view of him from the night before, and maybe not get any jizz on me this time. He must have been working at it for a while because it was less than a minute before he blew another load, again getting himself in the face and letting the rest fly all over his torso.

"Damn, felt better when you helped," he told me, grinning. I shook my head and headed to the john to deal with the tent in my own shorts.

Now that this further barrier had come down between us, Terry wanted my help with every aspect of his grooming. Under his careful tutelage, I took over doing the trimming of his pubes and pit hair and shaving the few sparse bits that sprouted on his chest. He liked the latter completely smooth and I couldn't blame him... it felt so nice, and I helped myself to a feel whenever I felt like it. He even had me trim his eyebrows and check his nose and ears for strays "The Italian curse" he called it.

"Now comes the important part," he told me one day when I thought we had finished playing barber shop. He stretched, leaning against the wall with his elbows, then presented his ass to me, the chunky cheeks spreading naturally and revealing his crack.

"You want me to shave your ass?" I asked.

"There shouldn't be much there, but I like it really smooth," he told me, "Just like the rest of me." That wasn't strictly true, as he did keep a neat patch of pubes.

"I don't know how to do this without touching you there," I told him.

"Dude, I told you. Wherever, whenever. I trust you."

Wondering what I had gotten myself into, I knelt behind his spread ass so his pucker was less than a foot from my face. It was neat and tight, and there was not much in the way of hair, but I made a bit of a project out of getting rid of what I did find, just for the chance to explore this area of him. Scraping it carefully clean, I used my finger to wipe the strays away and check my work. He didn't flinch, even when I brushed a finger over the taut hole itself.

After his shower, I broke out the oil and he told me to mix in a little aloe, "I always do that after shaving, trying not to break out." I didn't like the way the combo felt as much; it was kind of sticky, but I rationalized it would keep him smoother longer, so tomorrow he'd feel really nice again. Figuring as a shaved area it would need extra attention, I pushed him back into that bent over position and oiled up his butt, including the crack. On a dare, I slipped one finger lower and circled his back door with it teasingly.

"Ahh, wise guy, huh?" he said, grinning at me through his legs.

"Hey you said 'everywhere we shaved,' I'm just doing what you did."

"You're too damn observant," he muttered. "Go ahead and grease 'er up, if you want to."

I wasn't going to let that chance go by. Squirting more oil and letting it run down his crack, I ran my finger around his pucker then pushed in gently. He sighed and relaxed and I felt my finger sink into his tight channel. Wow! I couldn't believe this alpha stud was letting me do this to him.

"Wow this feels weird," I told him as I goosed him gently several times.

"Really, I didn't notice!" he chuckled.

I withdrew, somewhat reluctantly, and he turned around to reveal his dick had definitely liked what I had just done to him.

"How bout some on here?" he told me, waving it in my face.

"You can reach that yourself," I said kiddingly.

"I can reach my butt, too, but you seemed okay with helping out back there," he reminded me.

I couldn't argue with that. He'd been more than generous with his very superior body, including his most intimate areas, letting me have fun with him.

"Okay, but don't tell anybody."

"Yeah, right after I told them I let you finger my ass," he teased. "Vegas rule, bud, you know that." His meat swelled in anticipation, probably in part due to the proximity to my face.

Not knowing how to stall anymore, I squirted more of the substance on my hand, then reached up and curled my fingers around his thick meat for the first time. He quickly reached his full size, warm and solid in my hand like the rest of him. I let it go and it bobbed in front of my face, red and shiny.

"Keep going, bro." he huffed. We were passed kidding ourselves where this was going so I didn't argue. I grabbed his cock again and tugged it awkwardly, not used to handling a dick from the wrong direction. He used one of his own hands on mine to adjust my pace, and gave me more coaching about my grip and speed.

"I need more help, til you get better at this. You can use your other hand, too, you know," he told me finally when it was clear I was struggling. 

"Where?"

"Balls. Gentle with those. Behind them too."

I changed my stance so I didn't need my hand for balance, which had the side effect of putting my face right in line the head of his dick. I cupped his balls gently with my hand, then let my fingers trail onto the space behind them. I felt him throb, both in his dick and inside that smooth spot. Encouraged, I rubbed him there more intentionally, my fingers inching further backwards.

"God that feels good," he encouraged me. "Keep going."

I didn't know if he meant time wise or direction wise, so I took that as permission to do both. Still tugging his cock, I slid a sticky finger backwards and brushed it right over his asshole. It spasmed at my touch, and before I could react, I felt my finger drawn back inside him. A split second later, I felt a warm splat as his first shot of cum hit me in the cheek. His velvety tunnel gripped my finger as shot after shot of his spew painted my lips and jaw. He grunted and thrusted his hips a few times, then let a sigh and I guiltily eased my finger out of his butt.

He smiled down on me, apparently not mad at all at my anal invasion. "Boy, I made a mess. That felt really good, bro."

I didn't say anything, not wanting the sticky juice to get in my mouth. As it was, the bleachy smell was kind of overwhelming. I let him go and stood up. Turning toward the sink to wash it off me, I caught a glimpse of us in the mirror, me frosted with his goo and him grinning behind me.