 I expected things would change between Terry and me after our last encounter, in which the extent of my admiration of his body had become clear. But he was his same, funny and affectionate self. After I washed my face, we ended up on the couch watching basketball, him still naked and me fully dressed, and he used me as a backrest while I distractedly rubbed his smooth skin. I jerked off after he went to bed, a little frustrated that he didn't seem interested in helping me out, but still grateful he was so generous in letting me play with his body.

He didn't call me into his room to watch him jerk off the next morning, but he might not have had time. I, on the other hand... boned up just thinking about what we had done and thus was a few minutes late to work.

I got home before Terry and was going through my Facebook, which I'd been neglecting. I got a kind of butt-hurt message from a friend of mine saying I had been missed at an "epic" bar crawl a few nights prior, and asking if my new roomie kept me locked up at night. I realized guiltily that Terry had been consuming a lot of my time, both because of our intensive workout schedule and just the fact that he was fun to be around.

This buddy, Will, wasn't around the weekend we moved so they had never met. I decided that-of anybody in my crowd-he and Terry would hit it off since Will had also been a pretty serious bodybuilder, although his wife made him give up his home gym when the baby came. In fact, it was one of the few times lately he'd been able to get out, and I had missed it.

I heard Terry come in and a minute later he was next to my chair, in dressy clothes because of a meeting I'd forgotten about til that minute. "You gotta see these pictures, man," I told him.

"Aren't you even gonna ask me how it went?"

I felt bad because he had been kind of stressing over this presentation for a few days, part of the reason I had been okay with how lopsided our last encounter had seemed.

"I'm sorry, tell me all about it. The pictures can wait."

"First things first," he replied. I turned to him for an explanation and he waved a hand down his front. "Get me comfortable; I want out of this monkey suit"

I stared at him. "You want me to undress you?"

"Sure, I'm beat. They raked us over the coals today." I didn't think it was much work to unbutton your own shirt, but we both knew that wasn't what this was about. It sounded more like he was giving me permission than accepting a favor. I slipped it off his shoulders and put it on a chair, then eased his tank-top up and over his head, giving his bare belly an affectionate swipe when I was done.

"Do you have a pants hanger in here? I can get another wear out of these and I don't want to keep dry cleaning them."

I found one in the closet and he glanced down, indicating I should get to work removing his belt. I unfastened it awkwardly and the loose pants slid to his mid-thighs, revealing his snug aqua gripper jams. I "accidentally" bumped the full pouch with my knuckles as I worked his button and fly open, letting the pants pool at his feet.

"Forgot the shoes, bud. I told ya I'm trying to keep these clean," he reprimanded me gently. Chastened, I knelt in front of him and slid the pants cuff up, letting him balance himself with a hand on my shoulder as I tugged the shoe off, then repeated it on the other side.

I looked up to see him watching me, looking mildly amused but not unkind. I wanted to hang up the pants, but he still had a hand on my shoulder, keeping me there. I lay them neatly on the chair and, meeting his gaze, tugged his briefs carefully down his legs.

"Do I smell okay?" he asked as I busied myself untangling the underwear from his feet. "I felt like I was sweating bullets in that meeting."

"No worse than usual," I teased.

"I'm serious, dude. I was sitting right next to a high-profile guy and I was afraid the funk was gonna hit him.

"You smell fine!" Better than fine, I added silently.

"You can't tell from there; get closer." He tugged my face towards him, and given that I was at eye level to his junk, his cock was soon a few inches from my face again, swelling a bit in response. I could smell him, but it was the same slight musk as the last time we were in this position.

"I wore that same cologne," he told me. "I put some down there too."

"Why, did you think one of them would end up with their face down there?" I teased him.

"No, but I knew you would," he told me softly, his cock rising and closing the gap between us as we both watched it. There was a clear, sticky drip at the tip of it, and, with one hand around his meat and the other on the back of my neck, dragged his cockhead across my lips, transferring the nectar to me.

"They looked dry," he told me, with a smirk.

He let me go and it took me a second to realize I was free to stand up, my heart pounding and my dick throbbing at what had just taken place.

"Show me those pictures now," He offered, in a completely different voice.

In a bit of a trance, I got back in my chair and tried to focus on the task of explaining who everybody was. He remembered some of them and asked some questions. I had one hand on the mouse, and-daringly-with the other I reached behind him and cupped his solid ass cheek in my hand, my fingers trailing into his smooth buttcrack a bit. His dick hadn't gone completely soft, and when I did this it sawed fully to life again, looming in my peripheral vision, but we both ignored it and pretended we were having a normal conversation even as my finger sought out his asshole. Two could play this game!

He was leaking again, and a big drip was forming at the tip. Without asking, I brought my hand around to the front of him, swiped it up on my fingertip and returned to his pucker, wiping the natural lube over his opening.

"Who's the built dude?" He asked me, pointing at Will and shuddering a little as I put a little more pressure on his chute, but didn't try to actually go in.

"Funny you should ask that; he wanted to know who the guy was who made me miss the party," I told him.

"Did you tell him we were having a party of our own?" he growled as I rubbed him there again.

"No, do you think I should have? He has a wife and kid."

"And I got a girlfriend. You see what a conscience my prick has. Speaking of which, let's go work out before you've got a mess on your hands." He pulled my hand away from his ass.

Groaning inwardly in frustration, I followed him into the living room and let him put me through my paces on the weights. At one point when he was standing over me to spot my bench press, his balls a foot from my eyes, he said, "So are you hot for that Will guy?"

I blushed. "He's all right."

"You like guys with muscles."

"Yeah," I admitted. "Who doesn't?"

"My girl," she said wryly. "She doesn't notice how hard I work, and complains that it takes too much of my time."

"Time you could spend fussing over her," I grunted, pushing out another rep.

"I guess, yeah." He helped me rack the bar, and I looked past his junk to see him looking down at me thoughtfully.

"I like that you always notice when I'm improving and point it out," he told me.

"It's easy when you're bareass all the time," I teased him.

"She doesn't like that, either," he complained. "As much as I miss her, and miss fucking her, I'm glad to get home because I can strip down again."

"How's that gonna be when you're married, man? You won't have me to cheer you on."

"Yeah, we're gonna have to figure that out, huh? I don't wanna end up like your friend Will. You and me both need our fix." I loved that he was so matter-of-fact about how we scratched an itch for each other... he didn't make me feel judged for it, nor did he see ashamed to admit he enjoyed my attention.

Not really knowing what to say to that, I impulsively reached up and tugged gently on his smooth balls.

"Easy, Cowboy! Does that mean you need a fix now? Or are you just trying to get out of another set?" He didn't wait for a response but transferred the barbell to the storage rack and came back into position behind me, nudging the rack forward so he could more or less straddle my face. I wasn't sure what he was planning to do next, but his cock was filling out again so I guessed it had to do with the tease we gave each other earlier. I fondled his balls again, making his dick pump up some more, then slid a finger behind them to what was becoming a favorite spot, nuzzling the tip between his cheeks. My cock throbbed angrily in my briefs at the sensation of touching him so intimately.

"You're a little fascinated with my ass, bro." He chuckled.

"It feels cool," I told him. "The few guys I've messed with wouldn't let me back there. I was kind of surprised you're so relaxed about it."

"I never understood what the big deal was," he explained, widening his stance a little so I could go further up his smooth crack. "It's just as much a part of me as my dick, and I know from cleaning myself that it feels good when you touch it."

"Does your girlfriend play with it?"

"No, and I feel funny suggesting it for some reason, like she's going to judge me. For some reason that didn't happen with you. I kinda suspected you'd dig it," I didn't have anything to use as lube, so I hadn't tried to get inside of him, but I could tell by how hard his cock was that it wasn't stopping him from enjoying it. He stroked himself casually for a minute while I continued rubbing him there.

Abruptly, he scooted forward and squatted so that whole area was spread open in front of me. Seeing this wasn't going to be an easy position for him maintain, I braced his butt with the other hand while continuing to explore his joy button. Pulling my hand out of the way, he squatted closer so he was only inches from my face.

"I smell okay?" He asked, still jerking off.

"Yea, you smell good," I admitted.

Sinking lower, he ordered. "Gimme a kiss, bro."

"What?"

"You heard me. Get in there."

I hesitated, then went for it. It didn't really taste like anything, but it clearly felt good because he moaned and was thrashing away at his dick. Steadying him with both hands now, I licked more aggressively as he growled in encouragement. It didn't take long to help him cross the line, and he suddenly backed up and blasted my face with a huge load of jizz.

"Taste some," he directed.

I shook my head, not letting it seep past my lips.

"Come on, man. I wanna see you try it. You said you ate your own." He didn't wait for a reply, but scooped some of it from my cheek onto his finger and ate it, then shoved some more onto my mouth and gently pushed his way in. It tasted different than mine, salty and slightly sweet, and I unconsciously suckled his finger a bit as he smiled down at me. I felt my cock throb in my pants and release a little juice of my own, without even touching it.