 I stood still, a little bit in shock, at what Terry had just said. He watched me, looking slightly amused at my reaction.

"Why do you look so surprised?"

"I dunno... that was kind of out of left field."

"Dude, really? You don't think everything that's been happening between us hasn't been leading up to that?

"Listen, I like your body, and I'm glad you let me look at it, but that's something different."

"I know, but it's okay. I let you look at it, I let you touch it, why not use your mouth next? You already had your tongue in my ass, you've already tasted my cum."

"I've never sucked off another guy."

"But you've thought about it."

I'm sure my expression gave me away.

"Listen. I've never let another guy suck me, either. But you've got me really curious about it. And I feel like-if anybody-it should be you. And if you're gonna suck a cock, it should be mine. But who knows? Maybe you'll win the bet and it won't happen." In his mind, this was a done deal, even though I hadn't said yes. He got busy doing something, and no more was said about it.

For the next few days, he was uncharacteristically distant... friendly as always and we still lifted and ate together, but he didn't initiate any contact with me. He was still naked most of the time, but didn't get close to me or invite me to touch him. If his prior teasing wasn't frustrating enough, being denied the chance to even handle his body was torture!

I knew he usually beat off as soon as he woke up, so I decided to pay a surprise visit the next morning so at least I could watch. I silenced the alarm on my phone and saw I had new Facebook notifications, which I'd been compulsively checking. Terry's post had been innocent enough, the video of him cranking out a few reps at his new max weight only showed me from the chest down, and he didn't mention me in the caption, but tagged me in it knowing that it would then be visible to my friends. Nobody in my circle lifted seriously besides Will, so the comments were all from Terry's gym buddies and had nothing to do with me, except for a girl from my job who gushed "Wow, who is that??" with a bunch of heart emojis.

But this particular morning, I had a comment from Will. "Hope you're taking a turn and not just watching LOL" Sunofabitch. I knew Terry would get the notification, too, so I couldn't hide it from him.

"Hey, get in here!" I heard him yell. Fuck.

I went in his room. He was on his back, the covers flung aside to reveal he was naked as usual with some morning wood. He was looking at his phone and had a big grin on his face.

"I guess you saw."

"Yup." I sat next to him and watched as he played his own video again. Tentatively I reached out and gave his belly a friendly rub, then moved my hand towards his floppy half-hard dick.

To my surprise he grabbed my wrist and pulled it away from his body. "Listen, man. I've been kind of stewing about this the past few days, and I'm guessing you were too. I thought we were on the same page about things, but I don't want to feel like I'm messing with your head. You still haven't accepted the bet. If you feel like things are going too fast for you, or further than you want, that's cool, but let's be honest with each other. I like you, and I like the shit we do, which you know because a dick doesn't lie. I've let you do shit to me that I never thought I'd let a guy do. But I have to know that you are cool with this, and are gonna push your limits too. Otherwise, we go back to being roomies, no harm no foul."

"I'm already pushing my limits," I said quietly. "I like what we've been doing, too, but bringing one of my friends into it, who knows all my other friends, is a little scary. None of them know this about me."

"So this is more about Will than about you sucking my cock?"

"It's kind of both, but yeah." I don't know who I was kidding. If he told me to go down on him, I would do it in a heartbeat. But the idea of Will witnessing the dynamic between us, and either being repulsed or amused by it, was terrifying. Would he tell the rest of our friends? Would he not be comfortable around me anymore? Terry seemed to see something of himself in Will and was confident he knew how another muscle stud would think, but they'd never met. Was I willing to bet his friendship-all of my friendships, really-on his instincts?

"Listen," he continued kindly. "I only suggested this because I thought it would be fun for both of us. I feel like it's kind of weird that we don't know each other's friends, and Will seems like somebody I could click with. But I don't want to make you uncomfortable."

"If I say no, are we still gonna..." he knew what I meant without me saying it.

"That's up to you. I kind of feel like your dirty little secret... although I guess you're mine, too. But I've been pretty honest with you about what's going on in my head. I think I deserve the same."

"Of course you do. I don't mean to be such a pussy about it," I told him.

"So, you gonna trust me??" He had a sly look on his face, knowing full well he had me by the short and curlies. I looked down his body, relaxed and resplendent on the bed for my viewing enjoyment. He had his thighs apart so everything was visually there for the taking His dick had swollen to its full size, untouched, based on whatever was going on in his head I guess, and there was a clear drop of pre-cum about to succumb to gravity and roll down his swollen shaft.

I locked eyes with him for a long moment, then reached out with my finger to swipe the nectar off his cock and-still meeting his gaze-sucked it into my mouth. He grinned, knowing he had me, but I wasn't done. To remind him this was not a one-way street, I reached between his legs with the same hand, feeling for his pucker. Placing the pad of my wet finger against it, I gently but insistently pushed until he relaxed and let me ease it into him.

"Wait 'til it's my turn to make the bet," I told him.

----

At Terry's direction, I replied to Will's comment with a vague invite: "Sure am. You should come train with us sometime."

Later that night I got a PM from Will: "You guys have all that stuff in the apartment? Jealous! My gear went when the baby came." 

I repeated the invite, saying, "If you can ever escape long enough LOL"

Another week or so went by and I didn't hear anything. I figured it was forgotten, but Terry decided to up the ante, and posted another video, this time doing squats.

"Your roomie is jacked, bro. Hope he's rubbing off on you." Will PM'd me later.

"If you knew the half of it," I thought wryly, but told him: "Yeah we train together on the reg. Come check it out."

That weekend there was a birthday in our circle, and-remembering what Terry said-I impulsively suggest he come with me to the party, which was happening in a bar. Weird as it was, we rarely went anywhere together, so this was kind of new territory too. He originally said he had something else to do, but the next day said he could make it.

It was some of the same guys who helped me move in, and their girlfriends, so he'd at least see some familiar faces.

"So, is he going to be there?" we both knew who HE was.

"I doubt it. They only get a sitter for, like, a big occasion, and he's not that tight with Lee, the birthday boy." He nodded and I wondered what he was thinking.

He spent a long time getting ready, and I started when he came out of his room. I was so used to seeing him in either casual clothes or nothing, that the sight of him in a stylish, fitted shirt and snug black jeans, his hair pomaded into place, threw me for a loop.

"I look okay?" He asked rhetorically as I picked my chin up off my lap.

"You look awesome," I admitted unabashedly. "You're gonna take the attention off the birthday boy."

I got near him and smelled something familiar: the cologne I "helped" him pick out. Impulsively I stepped in behind him and sniffed the nape of his neck. "Mmm," I told him, running a hand over his abs through the shirt.

"Ah, you recognized it," he said, pulling my hand up to cup his pec. I gave him a squeeze, and he kept my hand there with his.

"You okay?" I got the sense something was weighing on him. This kind of intimacy was not rare between us, but it was usually when we were tired and relaxed.

"This is gonna sound retarded, but I get kind of anxious in social situations, especially with new people." That was a little bit stunning given how open he was with me, but it dawned on me, he never really talked about going clubbing or anything on his own.

"Don't worry," I told him sympathetically. "You met half of them already, and the rest of them have been oogling your pictures on Facebook for months. Speaking of which... I'm a little surprised to hear you say that given your penchant for half-naked selfies." I had recently learned that he had an Instagram account with a big following, which I loved to tease him about.

"It's different on-line. I can be who I want," he mumbled, not looking at me.

"You can be who you want in real life, too," I told him, pulling him into a hug from behind. "It's a bar, not therapy. Just have fun and bask in the inevitable admiration you're gonna get."

"I feel some admiration against my butt," he told me, grinding on me teasingly. "Let's go before my clothes end up on the floor."

Terry ended up being fine at the bar. My friends liked him and vice-versa, and I could tell a few of the doughier guys were going to get a talking-to from their girlfriends and wives when they got a look at us in our fitted shirts. My own physical improvement since living with him did not go unnoticed, either, which was a nice ego boost.

We had been there a few hours when Terry nudged me and head-gestured towards the bar. Will was walking towards our table, and he was alone. After saying hi to Lee and the others, he made his way towards us. "I recognize this guy," he told me. "Barely, you're a lot buffer than I remember you." He squeezed my arm admiringly, which got a look from Terry.

"I can see who's teaching you," he quickly switched gears and-to my surprise-helped himself to a feel of Terry's guns as well. The two of them got into their he-man talk and I eventually started a conversation with Lee's wife, while still keeping half-tuned to what was happening.

I was jolted back to focus on them when I felt Terry's hand curl around the back of my neck. He was still talking to Will and not looking at me, but he gave me a little squeeze and rubbed the back of my head with his thumb.

"... got used to being able to be bareass at home, it's a drag to have to be covered up all the time, in your own place..." Will was telling him.

As we were walking to his car, Terry told me, "Will's coming over on Tuesday night."