 I looked back and forth between an old friend and a new one as they faced off, wondering what was going to happen next. Will could and did make the argument of our shared history, while Terry could claim that whatever it was that was going on between him and me should take precedence. It felt kind of cool having these guys each vying for me, while at the same time it was disturbing that they assumed this was their decision to make, and I would do whatever they decided. I just hope they didn't decide to fight for it.

Luckily, they were both too civilized (or vain) for that, and finally it was Will who thought of a solution. He looked at me and asked, "So you've never sucked a cock?"

I shook my head, blushing again.

Turning to my roommate, he said, "Well, by logic, he should go down on the smaller guy first, so he can practice and not choke."

Terry thought about that, then nodded. "That sounds fair. After all, we all want him to enjoy it, too, so he'll do it again."

Again??? I hadn't agreed to do it once. But, as if hypnotized, I followed Terry's directions and got the tape we used to track his muscle gains. Since he was already hard, I headed towards him first, sitting on the bench so his dick was at face level. Glancing shyly at Will, then looking up at Terry, I curled my fingers around his meat and gave it a few tugs to make sure he was fully up. I felt both their eyes on me as I put the end of the tape up against Terry's tight abs and reeled it out along the length of his cock. As I suspected, he topped out at just over eight inches.

When we were done, Will nudged Terry aside and faced me. I met his amused, but not unkind gaze as my hand closed the distance between us and I touched him intimately for the first time. It took more work to get him fully erect, like he still wasn't entirely sure this was something he wanted to do. I knew he was really proud of his arms, so I used the other hand to feel his bi's and tri's, subtly communicating more admiration in the hope it would put lead in his pencil. It seemed to do the trick.

"You all the way up?" I asked Will, trying not to make it sound like I was unimpressed, but the truth was I knew Terry's dick better than his. Damn, that sounded bad.

"Yeah, that's pretty much locked and loaded," he said huskily, glancing back and forth between Terry's weapon and his own. It looked like this race would be close. I knew if I didn't measure them exactly the same way, it might be seen as favoritism, like I might selfishly cheat to make my own choice about which dick would be the first one in my mouth. In a sense it didn't really matter, since it was pretty obvious that I'd be sucking the other one right afterwards, whether I liked it or not.

Fumbling in Will's pubes, I lined the tape up and checked the measurement at his head: seven and three-quarters.

"You all the way against his gut?" Terry asked, a little irritated.

"You want to measure it yourself?" I retorted teasingly, knowing he wouldn't.

But a sore loser he wasn't. "That's what happens when you slack off," he teased Will, poking his still-pretty-firm belly. "It starts to disappear in there."

"I haven't slacked off that much, Fucker." Will grinned, shoving him playfully. "You're just the bigger dick, I mean, you have the bigger dick." I could tell he was pleased to have won, and in a sense each of them had something on the other so there was no ill will.

"Yours looks like it might be thicker," Terry said, graciously accepting the momentary defeat. 

Then it was all about the business at hand, or in this case, at mouth. Will stepped towards me, holding himself like an offering. I chuckled inwardly on how impressed these guys were with their own bodies, and fuck, they were pretty impressive. Thinking here goes nothing, I let him brush it against my lips, then slowly opened my mouth and moved over the head.

He wasn't a leaker like Terry, and his dick didn't really taste like anything. It felt weird, though, to have an intimate part of another guy's body warm and throbbing inside mine. My first blowjob. Look, Ma, no hands! It was neither horrible nor especially pleasant. Trying to think would feel good, I closed my lips around it and licked the spot behind the head that Terry liked me to rub with my thumb, making Will shiver. I felt my roommate's eyes boring into me as he watched me inexpertly service my longtime friend. Wrapping his big hands around my skull, Will gently guided me back and forth, setting the pace and keeping me in the zone that seemed to feel best for him.

"Dude, let me get a feel before you jizz in there?" Terry requested after a few minutes. I sat back and stared at him. Sucking their dicks was one thing, I didn't say they could cum in my mouth!

Will stepped back and let Terry take his place, this was clearly between them now. Locking eyes with me, Terry held his dick in one hand and took my chin in the other. "Kiss the head a little," he told me calmly. I did as I was told, seemingly having no willpower to resist their demands. Terry started his normal precumming, and my lips were soon sticky with it. "Lick some off." I obeyed, getting the taste that was becoming familiar since I always seemed to get some of his mess on my face. To my surprise, I wanted more, and suckled on his head a little without being asked. He sighed in satisfaction, taking my face in his hands and holding me still as he gently started pushing his way deeper into my mouth. He was a little more aggressive than Will, and I soon had a lot of him inside me, pushing towards my throat. I gagged a little and he chuckled and backed off, and he continued a lazier pace, taking his time and clearly enjoying the sensation of being in my mouth while my old friend watched.

Will stroked himself fleetingly, clearly wanting another turn. "Hey, I thought I was going first," he finally said when it became clear Terry was not planning to give up his place anytime soon.

"You did," Terry replied.

"I didn't finish, though."

"I know. That's why I took over."

"What do you mean? I was only in there a minute."

"I don't mean that. You had your chance, many chances, a long time ago. You didn't go for it. He's mine now. I figured out what he needed, and I'm giving it to him. I'll let you finish, but I'm going to first."

"I dunno what you're talking about, dude."

"You don't? You don't see the way he looks at you? He waited a long time for you to make a move. It only took me two days. I don't mind sharing, since you two have history, but don't think you're calling the shots in my house."

They went through all this while I was still impaled on his dick, as if I couldn't hear them. I think the fact that Will was there watching, and protesting, just made it hotter for Terry, and I can't lie, it was kinda cool having them verbally spar over me. Terry wasn't disrespectful; he just told Will how it was going to be, and hearing him say it felt good in a weird way. He was staking his claim of me, and shooting in my mouth-which it was clear he was going to do, and probably soon-was his way of

making that clear. I had some loyalty to Will, but it was clear I belonged to Terry now. He let me play with his body to my heart's content, something I never would have dared ask Will to do. This was apparently the price of that fun, and in that moment I guess I decided it was worth it.

But if this was going to happen, I decided I was going to have my fun, too. I pushed him backwards gently, backing off his dick for a second and got my finger wet. He immediately knew what I was planning, and for a second I thought he would stop me from doing it front of Will, but he just chuckled and widened his stance a little, making it easier for me. I reached behind his balls even as he fed me his cock again, and I decided I would go all out to make this quick, lavishing his frenum with my tongue even as my finger started nosing its way into his back door.

"Damn, dude, you guys sure you haven't done this before?" Will asked, seeing what I was doing.

"We've been working up to it," Terry huffed. I knew he wasn't going to last long, and with a grunt, I felt his cock start to spasm and his velvet tunnel gripped my finger. "Look at me," he ordered again. I cast my eyes upwards to meet his, and a second later, he started to jizz.

I quickly learned that getting a fingerful or two of cum in your mouth was not at all the same thing as taking a guy's whole load. Squirt after squirt of hot goo flooded my craw and a little escaped my lips and ran down my chin. Still in eye-lock with him, I swallowed a mouthful but it was still coming.

"Save me a little, let me see." Terry directed, when he could talk again. He backed out of my mouth, letting me clean him off in the process, and I showed him the remnants of his load on my tongue.

"Get up here," Terry growled, tugging me to my feet. To my delight he grabbed me into a heavy-duty kiss, sharing the taste of his cum with me while Will watched, shaking his head. Another first.

The reverie was broken quickly though, when Will said. "Okay fuckers, enough love-making. It's my turn."