 I stared at my supposedly-straight roommate for a second, ignoring my friend's demand for attention. We had just kissed, like a serious kiss, and he had gotten more than a taste of his own jizz that he had just deposited in my mouth. What the fuck?

But I had no time to ponder what had just happened, because Will practically pushed me to my knees in front of him and pushed his thick cock back into my mouth. He was a little more aggressive than before; I could tell he was frustrated because Terry had jumped claim on him and was the first to feed me a load. That wasn't my fault, but I was still going to be the one who paid for it. He held me firmly by the head and worked his cock in and out of me, pushing the tip into my throat a little. It wasn't really my idea of fun.

Wanting to try to speed this along, I played with his balls a little then tried sliding my finger backwards like I did to Terry. He reached down and batted my hand away, saying "Save that for your boyfriend."

"Easy" Terry growled. I wasn't sure if it was the boyfriend comment or he was genuinely concerned how rough Will was being, but either way the message was sent and Will chilled out a little. He was getting off anyway, even if it wasn't first.

"You like feeding him that cock?" Terry asked him, maybe trying to break the tense mood a little.

"Yeah," Will huffed. "You'd never know this was his first time, feels good."

"You look hot doing that," Terry told him, buttering him up. "You still got a great body, man."

"Thanks," Will muttered, a little self-consciously. "I looked a lot better a few years ago."

"Yea but you could get back there easy. You should start lifting with us on the reg." Terry told him. Without asking, he helped himself to a feel of Will's pecs. "Yea, you still got the meat in there, just got to lean up a little

"I guess," Will said uncertainly.

"Tell you what. I'll give you some incentive. What was your chest and waist size when you were at your most jacked?"

"31 waist, 49 around the shoulders." Will reported automatically. This was clearly something he was proud of.

"Okay, you get back there, and I'll let you fuck whichever one of us you want."

What?? I didn't agree to that, and since when was Terry interested in getting fucked? I didn't have time to think about it, because I was suddenly getting flooded with a mouthful of Will's spew. He made a LOT more than Terry, and it ran down my face and into my lap, where I felt my own cock, which had been throbbing uncomfortably in my shorts, let loose with a load of its own.

-

Will got kind of quiet afterwards, assuring us he was all right but clearly mulling over what had taken place. He got dressed quickly, but of course Terry stayed naked. I went into my room to clean up and change and when I came out, Will was gone.

"Why did you say that?" I demanded when I found Terry calmly cleaning up the dinner mess. 

"I dunno, it just came out." He clearly knew what I was referring to; maybe he had shocked himself. "He didn't seem that bothered by it when he was cumming in your mouth."

I blushed, that sounded so degrading. "Yeah, well... you know as well as I do that something that sounds hot when you're turned on can freak you out later. I hope I didn't lose a friend over this."

"I seriously doubt it. This was obviously something he's either done before or at least thought about. He's not getting a nut at home, and we handed him a safe place to do that and not get caught."

I waited a second before pushing further. "So... what about you? Is getting fucked something you've done before, or just thought about??" I was still a little pissed off that he not only dropped that bomb in front of Will, but also offered my ass up along with his.

"No, I've never done it. But sure I'm curious about it. Your finger feels good in there, maybe something bigger would, too."

"Don't you think that's something you should know for sure before you wager it?"

He grinned wickedly. "Why, you offering to help me find out?" He knew damn well I'd love to be the first one in there.

"I'd fuck you, sure, if you're so curious about it," I said, trying to sound casual about it. "But you've got a serious girlfriend. Don't you think this is kind of unfair to her?"

His face darkened. "I thought you were cool with what we were doing."

"I was. I mean... I'm probably shooting myself in the foot here, but handjobs are one thing. It seems like we're going further and further, now bringing another guy into it? And then what happens if you and her suddenly get serious and want to move in together. Where does that leave me? Do you think she's going to be cool with what we do, let alone Will coming over to fuck you?"

He was quiet for a while. I wondered if this is something he'd thought much about. "Well I told you me and her haven't really done much of anything. She knows I need to get a nut, and she's teased me a little about having a not-so-secret admirer. Maybe she put two and two together, I dunno. But I guess you're right. I just dunno if I could admit to her that I wanted something like that. It's one thing talking about it with you since you're into the same thing."

"Um, I never actually said I wanted to get fucked... or give out blowjobs to the whole team, by the way." I said testily. 

He looked at me sharply. "So you didn't enjoy that?"

"I honestly don't know how I feel about it. I mean, like you said... in the moment, you do things and then ask yourself what you were thinking. I did it because... you guys wanted me to. I like making you feel good, but ... there was nothing particularly special for me about having your dick in my mouth, besides that."

"Isn't that enough of a reason?" 

"It would be if it was my choice to do it."

"Nobody was holding you down, dude."

"This time," I snapped, and he looked taken aback, so I continued more softly. "Listen... you know I like what we do. You're a hot guy and guys like you typically are not as relaxed with their bodies and their identity that they'd do this stuff with me. But things are moving fast and I don't like feeling like stuff is getting decided for me in the heat of the moment. I worry I'll say yes to something and then regret it later... or you will.

"So if Will says you're the one he wants to fuck, you'll say no?"

"Probably... I dunno. To me doing that is ... a big deal. A blowjob is one thing, but taking a dick up your ass? I am surprised you're so relaxed about it."

"Don't take this the wrong way, but you sound like my girl. She tells me she loves me, but when it comes to fucking she's like wait... wait... wait. To me, I'm like... I want to know all the things my body can do. It's like pushing yourself in the gym, I guess. Yeah it may hurt, but it may be good, too. I don't need for Will to say he loves me to find out, anymore than I need my weights to tell me that. He's just a means to an end."

I stared at him. "So is that what I am, too? Just a means to an end?" I pantomimed jerking off.

"Nooo, dude... you know better than that. What we have is different. I wouldn't lay with him and talk the way do. I'm not looking for that kind of bond with him. That's all you and me. I fucking KISSED you, or did you forget that?"

"No, I didn't forget." I said numbly.

"Are you okay? You're not freaking out on me, are you? I know things got a little crazy today, but I thought you were having fun."

"I was, or I thought I was. I don't know. It's just weird to have Will shoved into the middle of this when I haven't even figured out what you and me are to each other yet. Now I'm worried him and our friendship, and his relationship with his wife, and..."

Terry put his finger to my lips. "Dude, you worry a lot. Will's a tough dude, he will figure it out. In the meantime, let's not let this fuck us up, okay? If you want me to tell him to forget what I said, I'll say I was just playing around. If he's not into it, i am guessing he won't bring it up again, but my bet is he's gonna show up here ready to train with us either way. A little competition is good... keeps you motivated."

"Yeah, but what are you competing for? I'm not sure I want to be passed around like a party favor."

He grinned. "But you're not sure you're not, either."

Later he surprised me by coming into my room and sliding in behind me in bed. He was still naked, of course, and he nestled his semi-hard dick between the cheeks of my butt as his wormed his arm under mine and pulled me against him. He was asleep pretty quickly, but I lay awake a long time, thinking.