 It had been 2 uneventful months since I had met with Dominick and Jim, the travel agents visiting Anaheim for a travel convention. I had had two different guys in one night. 

Today, opening my E-Mail I found a note from Eric, with the subject: Dominick Sent Me. I opened it and couldn't believe my eyes. "Hello. My friend Dominick told me to contact you when I reached town. I am staying at the Best Western on PCH, visiting town for a convention this week. Dominick told me you have special oral talents and you're into providing service only, then you'll leave. I would like to hear from you so we can meet while I am in town."

I couldn't believe it. Dominick had given my E mail address out to another complete stranger. 

What Eric didn't know was he was less than a mile from me. I had recovered from the night two months ago and my batteries were recharged to the point of needing to taste a man again. Would I?

I wrote to Eric. "Thank you for your message. When are you available and what do you expect of me?"

Two days passed with no response so I thought the guy had blown me off, no pun intended. Then I opened my messages after getting home last night. Meet Me! Was the subject line. "I expect you to suck my cock like a dog, and enjoy it."

I sent him an E mail and he was on line, so we chatted. He told me to take a shower and gave me his room number, 212. I was there in 25 minutes.

The key was under the door mat. This was no Hilton, mostly used by government types who are on a limited budget. It has a great bar with a lot of red necks, so I was a bit on edge as I slipped the key into the slot. The room was pitch black, but a voice from inside said, Enter! Another accent I couldn't place, but I slowly walked in anyway, not really knowing why.

Another smoker. The room was filled with smoke as if he had been here all night, cooped up, waiting for me. I slowly walked along the wall feeling my way in until I felt his hands on my chest. He lifted his hands to my shoulders and forced me to the ground roughly.

"Open my pants." I did. He had not showered recently, but the odor wasn't too strong. A musky scent filled my senses. His cock fell out and I could feel it with my hands. It was semi hard.

"Suck dog!"

I raised my lips to his cock head and kissed it. He shook me and said, Suck! I took his cock head into my mouth and did just that. His cock started to harden, a feeling I love. I took all of him, all the way to the back of my throat the first few times as I went up and down on his cock until it hardened, and then I realized I could only get about half of it in my mouth without gagging. 

He grabbed the back of my head and said, "ALL." I tried, but it was too big. Probably 8 to 9 inches, and thick with a huge head.

I did my best, sucking nearly to his pubic hair finally, my throat aching from the beating it was taking.

Then he lifted my head off his cock and positioned himself on his bed, lying down. "Stay on your knees, and suck balls." I did and found them to be huge and very hairy, as was his chest and legs which I discovered as my hands roamed his body.

His balls had a stronger scent, and tasted bitter, but I didn't let him know that. I kept sucking as if I loved every single second of it. I was being used but actually I did love every minute of it. 

He raised his knees up high enough for his ass to come up off the edge of the bed. "Lick."

I hate licking a man's ass, but I know how much it turns me on when a woman does it to me, so I dove in and kissed his ass, then started slowly licking his ass hole, sticking my tongue deeper and deeper each time. He had a strange flavor but I ignored it, breathing through my mouth so I wouldn't have to deal with scents. I don't know how long he kept me there, but my jaw was aching when he finally lowered his legs and his cock hit my face. "Suck!" I did... 

A sudden flash of light lit up the room, and, although it was on only a fraction of a second, I noticed the man I was sucking was about 45 years old, dark skinned, probably from a desert region, and very hairy. I also noticed the flash of light came from next to me. Another flash, and it seemed like I was blind.

"Suck!" I went back to work on his cock, trying to figure out what was happening. Another and another flash. Someone was taking pictures of me sucking this man's cock.

"American Pig! Keep sucking. Please me!"

I did as I was told, sucking as if my life depended on it. It probably did. More flashes, then the person with the camera moved to a computer screen that lit up the room. I could see more of my surroundings, but I was focused at sucking the cock in my mouth... it seemed like I had been sucking it forever. 

Then the body suddenly stiffened, his cocked seemed to grow even larger in my mouth and I knew what was coming and knew I didn't want any part of it, so I slowly pulled my head off his cock only to have it grabbed by the back of my head and pulled all the way down his hard cock. I thought I was going to choke or gag but his cock suddenly erupted and shot a load straight into my stomach. As he started to pull out he unleashed two more blasts into my mouth, and I couldn't believe how hot and thick his cum was. Then he pulled out and finished by cumming all over my face, drenching me in more cum than I thought could possibly come from a cock. 

From behind me another couple of flashes. I was covered in cum, and had the spicy taste of it in my mouth and stomach. More humiliation as the photographer came around and shot some photos of my face with his friend's cum. Then he went back to his computer.

I started to get up and was told, "Not yet my friend, you've only just begun." Then I saw my photos on the screen, on an internet site that I didn't recognize. The photographer stood up and opened his slacks up, and out came his even larger cock, already rock hard and ready for action.

"Come here American slut and worship this cock. It is your God tonight. Be kind to it and it shall reward you well." 

He walked up to my face and I opened my lips automatically, accepting his cock as if it was a normal thing for me.

"See, Dom was right, this slut loves to suck Iraqi cock. He is ours to use as we wish. He will serve us well."

I was being used by the enemy. I was sucking cock, being forced, but for some reason I loved being degraded, forced to do it. 

"Suck my balls pig, and be careful, they are very full. They have not been emptied for nearly a month."

I moved down his cock. I figured if I was being used I wasn't going to let them think they had me where I didn't want to be, so I took great pleasure in sucking his cock, and took each of his balls carefully, one at a time into my mouth. Feeling some of his hairs sticking in the back of my throat, I sucked and sucked and sucked, then returned to his cock. Unlike his friend, he didn't last long, and I was rewarded with another mouthful of hot, spicy cum. I drank every drop, not letting any spill out. It was the thickest load of cum I have ever had in my mouth, and the taste was disgusting, but I looked up at him as his friend took pictures of me and said, "You have the most delicious cum I have ever tasted."

I was told to go. I got up to grab a towel to wipe my face off and felt a hand across the back of my head.

"Go slut. Do not dirty our towels."

I walked out of the room, down the stairs, across the lobby. I knew every eye in the place was on me, looking at my sticky cum covered face, but I didn't care.

When I got home I left the cum on my face and checked my E mail. There was a message from Dominick... He said... Good job slut. My friends report you served them well. I will be sending more your way. Do not fear, they will not be a violent as the two you served this evening. That was simply a test. 

Attached to the E Mail was five photos showing me in action, sucking his friends cock and my face covered in thick white cum.

I went to bed, still tasting the cum on my face and lips. What was next?