 "Upstairs?"

The guy on his knees in front of me smiled, shaking his head.

"I'm done for tonight, maybe next time."

The other guy on the floor got up and silently limped into the change room. He was on his way home, too. 

That left me and the older guy with grey hair. He lightly slapped my butt and handed me my wrap.

The building was pretty old. The stairs were solid enough but they were narrow. As we were walking up, a naked man, overweight and glistening with sweat, passed us on his way down. He stopped and turned his stomach to the rail. As I squeezed past he pushed his bum out towards me. I grabbed one of his soft buttocks. My friend from down stairs reached across and grabbed one of this guys hairless man-boobs. He spread his legs and my hand found his soft scrotum. My thumb was feeling for his anus.

Another guy started descending the stairs. The three of us separated. The hairless guy continued downstairs and I soon found myself on the landing to the second floor.

There was a corridor that ran the length of this level. At its far end was another set of stairs that rose to the third floor. There was a sign hanging over this set of stairs: "Heavy Duty." The only other things in this corridor were doorways at each set of stairs. These led into the cruise area.

My new found friend and I started our first lap.

To my left there were 5 small narrow cubicles, each with a very basic bed and a stout plastic chair. Lube and condoms were aligned t on shelves. The end cubicle had a Perspex wall so that men could watch but not touch. There was a guy lying face down on the bed in this cubicle. My friend walked in and touched the middle of the guy's back. He dropped one arm to side of the bed and spread his legs. 

I had a full view of his arse. My friend stepped up and put his cock into the guy's hand. I ran my hand up his open thighs. This startled the guy on the bed.

"Hey, one at a time."

My friend and I turned away and continued on our lap. Along the long wall there was a small spa pool that had a thin guy with a shaved head in it. He had tattoos and pierced nipples. He was idly playing with his half erect cock. He studied us as we passed but said nothing.

Next to the Spa was a couple of open showers then a small wooden sauna room and a steam room. The end of this floor was 5 more cubicles and the door to the landing and the stairs to the third floor.

My friend held the sauna door open for me. We hung our wraps on the hooks and entered. There were three rows of benches. One old guy was propped in a corner. He had a huge dick but it was soft, hanging limply over his balls. He was watching the two guys on the upper bench. We stood in the open space between the benches and the heater.

The two guys on the bench were both in their early 20s. They were both tanned, muscular and hairless. One was lying on his back, the other was on all fours above him, with his head over his groin. There was no visible cock, they were both deep throating, their noses in each other's testicles. 

It was the perfect 69er.

I started to get hard as they sucked each other's cocks. It was quite a show, two beautiful bodies, I noted the tightness of their thighs, their long legs and their flat stomachs. The old guy got up from the bench and stood between my friend and I. He grabbed our cocks in each of his hands. I was totally hard, now, as was my friend.

I hoped that the two jocks would fuck but they just sucked, occasionally licking each other's balls and scrotum. Their dicks weren't all that big but they stayed hard for a long time. I was getting jacked off . He had the biggest hands, my erection was almost fully in his fist as he wanked me with increasing speed. His other hand bought my friend to a shuddering climax. I saw cum fly onto the floor and I blew too, fucking that fist as it tightened around my knob.

The old guy shuffled out of the door and we followed a few moments later. The jocks were still sucking cock.

I grabbed my wrap but left it off. I was still erect and wanted to show it off. We wandered into the steam room.

There were a few guys in there, but, they were just sitting watching each other through the hot mist. My cock deflated and we continued our lap of the second floor.

None of these five cubicles had any furniture. There were holes of various sizes cut at differing heights. Only one was occupied. I spotted an erect penis pointing through one of the glory holes. It was large, ten inches, purple veined and angry. There was no foreskin and his prick filled the large hole so I couldn't see his balls.

Just his great big fat cock.

My friend walked in behind me and locked the door. I started stroking the anonymous phallus, lightly at first, teasing the length of it with a lightly cupped hand. It twitched, growing slightly. The knob was huge. I gently made a fist around the knob as my friend dripped some "wet stuff" on it. I began working my hand along the shaft. I stroked the length several times, gripping it tighter each time.

I got down on my knees and applied both hands to this cock. I stroked with one and rubbed the knob with the other. The partition creaked slightly as the owner of the cock forced as much of his dick through the hole as he could. There was pre-cum in the eye of the knob. My friend licked it and the cock twitched. I tightened my grip on the base of the shaft as he took the head of it in his mouth. The cock filled his mouth with cum as I heard the guy moan several obscenities. There was a lot of cum but my friend swallowed the lot.

The penis slowly began to shrink.

I opened the cubicle door and we headed for the stairs.

"So, upstairs?"

"No way" I laughed. "Save that for next time."

We exchanged phone numbers before we showered and went our separate ways.

I called him a few days later and arranged to meet him on a Saturday night in a couple of weeks......at the bath house.