 He caught me watching him as he began to undress, removing his shirt. He had a beautiful body. Every muscle in place, tight and perfect. His torso was smooth and hairless. A thin layer of sweat covered his dark skin. A few times I was certain he'd caught me staring yet he paid no mind. We were the last two left in the locker room after gym. We didn't speak, which was normal because we never do. I don't remember ever paying any attention to him before. Until now I hadn't even looked twice at him. Yet here I was watching him now, unable to tear my eyes away as he undressed. How he had escaped my notice before was completely beyond me. A bead of sweat slid down his chest. I had the sudden impulse to lick the sweat off of the boy. I tore my yes away from him as I pretended to rummage through my bag. I managed to get a glance of him out of the corner of my eye. He looked over at me suddenly. I quickly glanced away hoping he hadn't noticed my eyes on him. A moment went by and my breath caught in my throat as I heard the sound of him kicking off his shorts. I hesitated a moment, not sure whether to risk another glance. Cautiously I looked over at him once again. My heart nearly skipped a beat. There he stood in all of his natural beauty. Tall, sweaty, and naked. I couldn't keep myself from staring at his body. Every bit of exposed skin was perfect. The sight of his cock made my mouth water. I was surprised to see that his dick was hard! His dick was long and thick, perfectly accommodating his hanging sack. I looked up at his face and saw that he was staring at me as I watched him. His expression was unreadable. For a moment the room was thick with silence. Soon enough however, he spoke.

"You suck dick?" he asked.

I blinked. Was he serious? What kind of question was that? My mouth had gone dry. I stayed silent, not sure of how to answer. His expression was blank, neither amused nor angry.

"I asked you a question. Do you suck dick? Simple question."

An awkward moment passed before I nodded. I wasn't sure why I nodded, it was none of his business what I did in my own time. He looked disgusted for a moment, but his expression quickly changed to a look of mild curiosity.

"You wanna suck mine then?" he asked.

Again I nodded, surprising myself. He smirked and walked over to where I stood. He stood nearly an inch away from me, close enough to kiss. His dick pressed against my shorts as he placed his palm on my shoulder. His grip tightened on my shoulder as he pushed me downward until I sat on the bench against the wall. His crotch was inches from my face. He rested his palm on my head and started ruffling my hair. He moved closer and I felt the warm flesh of his dick head brush against my lips. I gripped the base of his cock and licked playfully at the head. After a minute of licking his dick and balls he tightened his grip on my hair.

"Quit playin' around." he said.

Everything about this guy turned me on. I opened my mouth wide to swallow as much of his thick cock as I could. To my surprise I swallowed every inch of it until my nose got buried in his trimmed bush. I continued as I heard him moan his approval. My fingers played with his balls as I slipped his dick in and out of my mouth, each time I tried to engulf more of his dick. I loved the feeling of his warm flesh in my throat. Everything about him drove me wild. His dick, his scent, the sounds he made...

 All of it was to much for me to contain. I felt my own hardened dick strain against my shorts. Continuing to suck him off I lowered the front of my shorts and released my cock. I stroked myself, masturbating as I serviced him. He gripped my face with both hands, beginning to thrust into my mouth. I sat back and jacked off quickly as he fucked my face. He was practically yelling out his pleasure. I wanted to tell him to quite down, I didn't want to be caught, but I was too close... I couldn't hold back any longer. Strings of cum shot out of me and fell over his legs. A moment later he let out the loudest cry yet and I felt his dick pulse in my mouth. His cum was pouring into my throat. I swallowed it all without a second thought. I felt his dick soften in my mouth and he stepped away. He took the towel off the wall and wiped his legs clean, then walked over to me and wiped the cum off of my lips and chin. We dressed in silence, without bothering to shower. Once we were dressed he walked over to me and gave me a quick kiss.

"Thanks."

That was all he said before he turned and walked out the door. I stood there in a daze, alone, with the taste of his cum still lingering on my tongue.