 It all started when I was eighteen during my senior in high school. My name is Dan and at that time I was 5' 10 and fairly skinny I was only 160 pounds. I was not very athletic so gym was not my favorite class. I was especially uncomfortable showering after. Many of the jocks would strut through the locker room completely in the nude. The worst and most boisterous of them was a guy named Cody. He was older than me and was also a large and strong football player. He was 6' 2 and weighed over 200 hundred pounds and had short blond hair. He made me uncomfortable for many reasons. First of all he was very loud and very intimidating and secondly I often found him looking at me in a weird way. It didn't help that I had somewhat feminine features; He also had a very large dick. He was about 8 inches long and his dick was very thick. He also had very large balls so that when he walked around the locker room you could see his dick and balls swing from thigh to thigh.

It was near the middle of the first semester when we had a gym midterm. Each of us had to do exercises and skills tests individually. When you were done you could go back to the locker room and shower and then you could go to the library until school ended. Gym was our last class of the day. It just so happened that Cody and I were the last two to do our skills test. I was done before Cody and I struggled a bit so it took me a while. By the time I was done the locker room was empty, so I showered alone. I had just exited the shower and was starting to dry off when Cody came in. Again he was giving me a weird look and I could feel his eyes focusing in on my ass. He quickly undressed. As he pulled down his boxers his large flaccid dick flopped out. I also noticed that all his pubic hair was shaved off. He then caught me looking at his dick.

"Do you see something you like?" he growled as he glared at me.

I was completely stunned and was a little bit terrified. I quickly said I was sorry and turned towards my locker to try to get my clothes on as quickly as possible so I could leave. As I was just about to get my lock open I felt two large hands turn my around and then force me to sit down on the bench. I was terrified because right in front of my face was Cody's large dick.

He looked down at me and grabbed his cock and said,"I thought I would give you a closer look considering you were so interested."

"I am not gay, Cody" I said as I quickly turned my head away from his dick.

"I never said you were, but you sure were interested in my dick" he replied. "You have some nice lips for a boy." He said as he thrust his dick towards my face.

"Stop it Cody!" I yelled, but I was soon met with the back of his hand. It stung and I could feel my check start to redden.

"Yell again and I will break your jaw" Cody growled. "Now open your mouth and give my dick a taste."

"Cody I told you I am not gay" I said again.

"Talk back to me again and you will regret it now open up." After he said that the school bell rang signaling that school was over and that the students could begin to depart. I began to get up when he slammed me back down onto the bench.

"Not so fast bitch. Where do you think you are going?" Cody asked.

"School is over if we do not leave someone is going to come in here and we will get in trouble." I answered.

Cody slapped me again and my head snapped back from the force. "You are out of luck Dan, Coach Rus has already left and there are no practices today so no one is going to come in here. Plus I know that the locker room and shower room are the last rooms to be visited by the janitors. They will not come in here until after 5:00, so for right now I have you all to myself." He said with a smirk on his face.

I started shaking with fear and tears started to stream down my face. "Please Cody please let me go. I will do anything, I will do whatever you want, just please let me go." I began to sob.

"I already told you what I want" Cody said as he grabbed his dick again and thrust it towards my face. He had not yet showered so I could smell the stink of his sweat as his balls swung towards my face.

"Anything, but that Cody, please Cody, anything but that." I began to sob harder. He then raised his hand as if to hit me again and I quickly yelled out that I would do it if he did not hit me again. He then grabbed his massive dick and brought it up to my lips. It was hard and looked like it was two inches longer than when it was flaccid and it was also thicker.

"Why don't you feel it with your hand?" Cody said. "I know you want to." I reached out with my hand and grabbed hold of his now completely erect dick. He exhaled when my fingers wrapped around his thick shaft. It felt very hard it my hands and it was also very warm. My hand had a difficult time gripping all the way around it because it was so thick.

"Now stroke it." He instructed

I began to run my hand down his shaft towards the helmet. He gasped when my hand reached his helmet and began to move all the way back up to the base of his shaft. He then grabbed the back my head and pressed the head of his cock up against my lips. I could smell the sweat from his dick and balls.

"Now open those pretty lips up and suck my cock." He ordered. "If your teeth hit my cock or if you bite me it will be your ass I will be fucking instead of that mouth of yours and trust me I wouldn't mind having a piece of that ass." He said as he glared at me.

I slowly parted my lips and he forced his dick into my mouth. I could feel its hardness and warmth. I could taste his sweat and smell the musky odor coming from his balls as my tongue wrapped around his shaft. He then thrust hard and his dick hit the back of my throat. I gagged hard and quickly pulled away from his cock and started coughing.

"Too much for ya?" He said with a grin. "You better hurry up and start sucking my dick before I decide to pop that cherry of yours."

I quickly opened up and allowed him to put his cock back into my mouth. This time he grabbed the back of my head and once again thrust his dick in hard to the point that it hit the back of my throat. This time however I could not pull away and he held me there with his cock head pressing up against the back of my throat. My eyes began to water and I could see darkness creeping into my vision because I could not breathe. At the last second he released me and I quickly began to cough and wheeze. 

"You can really take a cock you little whore." He laughed. "Now use that tongue of yours and I promise I will not be so rough." I followed his instruction and began to run my tongue up and down the soft warm skin of his shaft.

"Oh yes" he moaned. "Now twirl your tongue around the head of my dick." I did as he said and I began to slide my tongue around the helmet of his cock with a circular motion. He started to moan loudly.

"Oh that's it you little whore you love to lick cock." He said and then closed his eyes and tilted his head back with pleasure. "Now let's test that tongue out on my balls."

I could smell the musty odor of his genitals mixed with the sharp pungent smell of sweat as I leaned forward towards his ball sack. I then began running my tongue across the bottom of his scrotum. His balls were soft, but yet heavy on my tongue. As I licked his balls I began to stroke his cock with my hand. His dick was now slick from my own saliva so my hand ran easily up and down his long shaft.

"Suck my balls." He said with a loud moan. I then took one of his balls into mouth and I began to stroke his cock faster. I started taking each of his balls into my mouth and sucking on them. "Oh that feels so good." He moaned. I was leaning forward pretty far as I was sucking his balls so my ass was now slightly off the bench. As I sucked away at his balls he leaned forward and ran his index finger down my back until he reached the beginning of my crack. He then proceeded down my crack until he reached my little puckered ass hole. He first ran his finger across it and I winced in response. I then felt his finger tip put pressure on my hole and the very tip of his finger penetrated me. When I felt his finger tip enter inside me I gasped and whimpered. 

"Don't worry," he said trying to assure me, "I am not going to take that tight little ass of yours . . . . . well at least not yet. Let's see how the rest of this blow job goes and then we will see." He then backed away and sat down on the bench behind him. He then parted his legs revealing his ten inch long cock standing fully erect. He then motioned for me to come over between his large legs. I moved across the cold and hard cement floor on my knees. When I was between his legs I then took his dick into my mouth and began to pump my mouth up and down on his dick. Cody began to moan loudly and I could feel him begin to thrust his pelvis to meet my mouth as I pumped up and down on his shaft. As I sucked his shaft I began to twirl my tongue around the head of his dick. He began to moan louder and began to thrust harder. His dick began to reach to the very back of my throat and as I kept sucking I could hear the sound of my slurping echoing off the concrete walls and the metal lockers. My saliva began to run down his shaft all the way down to his balls. As I kept sucking my saliva then began to drip from his balls onto the cold concrete floor below.

"Oh yeah!" He moaned loudly. I was beginning to gag so I took a break to catch my breathe. When I pulled away a strand of saliva and pre cum connected the head of his cock to my lips. His cock and balls were now slick and dripping from my saliva and his creamy pre cum. As I caught my breath I stroked his cock and he began thrusting so hard that his ass was rising up off the bench with each thrust.

He then thrust back into my mouth and began thrusting so hard that my throat was full with his cock and my jaw began to grow sore because of his girth. He was moaning loudly and he was beginning to sweat. The locker room began to grow hot and humid and started to reek with the pungent smell of sweat, I too was starting to feel sticky as the room grew more and more humid to the point that it looked like the showers had been turned on and steam had come in from the shower room. The only sounds in the empty locker room were his loud moans and the slurping and gurgling as his cock reached into the depths of my throat with each thrust.

I could also taste his pre cum as it leaked from his cock. My mouth was filled with the salty taste of his pre cum and the musty and sweaty taste of his dick and balls.

"Look up at me!" he ordered. When I looked up he looked straight into my eyes and let out an animalistic grunt and howl that I didn't know a human being could make. As he did he shot jet after jet of his hot and thick cum deep into my throat. My eyes opened wide and I began to gag. As I did his cum started to run out of my mouth and down my chin. Even as I pulled away he kept shooting stream after stream of cum as he thrusted wildly into the air. His rear end was now completely off the surface of the bench. The heavy milky streams hit me in the face. My face was now covered with his hot and sticky semen and I had a mouth full of his salty seed.

"Swallow it down." He said when he stopped cumming. He was still panting hard and sweat was streaming down his face and chest. I swallowed hard and the hot load slid down my throat. "Open up and show me" he ordered. I did as he said and opened wide and showed him that I had swallowed it all. He then tossed me I towel and told me to clean my face off.

"You did a good job you little cock whore. I will keep my promise and not fuck that tight virgin ass hole of yours today, but you better stay late again tomorrow. If you don't I will give you the beating of a life time." I responded with a nod and then quickly began to put on my clothes. Tears were streaming down my face. I felt so used and humiliated and ultimately afraid. When he saw me throwing on my clothes he said, "Why don't you take a shower with me you smell like cum and sweat?" When I didn't respond he laughed loudly and then walked into the shower room. As he walked his now slick cock and balls slapped from thigh to thigh. When I put on my final shoe I ran out the door wanting to be as far away from that locker room as I could, but I knew that I would have to be in there again tomorrow . . . . with Cody.