 Excitement and anticipation coursed through my veins as I walked from railway station to Peter's flat. We didn't get to see each other very often so when the opportunity arose we accepted it gratefully.

This weekends opportunity had come about as a result of Peter's girlfriend being invited to an overnight girls night out, Peter being the generous and opportunistic sort that he is suggested that she make a two night sleep over which would give her and her friends a chance to catch up with each other while at the same time, giving Pete and I a chance to catch up with each other...

Peter and I had been to school together, we had similar outdoor interests, swimming in the river in the summer, canoeing, walking through the local farms and over the distant hills. Peter had a role model in the form of a very butch and macho elder brother, who could usually be found instigating violent confrontations with anyone who happened to be unfortunate enough to in the vicinity of him and his equally vicious associates.

Peter was about six years younger than his brother and quite impressionable too, anyone suspected of being gay, queer or a cocksucker could expect a brutal beating, so how I began to fancy him as well as desiring women, seduce him and formed a loving sexual relationship with him is one of life's great mysteries which I will reveal at another time.

For now though I want to concentrate on the present, well the recent past to be exact as how we paired up is a long story for another day.

My breath came in quick gasps as I pressed the intercom button for the door, when I heard the metallic click of the lock being released a tingle ran through my legs. I walked in and closed the door behind me, inhaling the fresh smell of the various potted plants which lined one side of the staircase.

I sat on the first step and removed my shoes, Peter liked to live comfortably, the warmth of the flat was a sharp contrast to the outside world; as I rose and turned I saw Peter standing at the top of the stairs with a lovely soft smile on his face, his blonde hair, instead of being brushed back, framed his face, creating a feminine look.

A short tied at the waist silk purple bath robe, belonging to his girlfriend covered him from the shoulders to the top of his thighs, in his right hand he held a joint; Peter enjoyed good grass before, during and after our lusty get encounters.

With arms folded he turned, cocking a hip at me and walked away into the lounge without either of us having spoken a word.

I quickly climbed the stairs, chuckling to myself, chuckling because I knew that we were going to have a good time, illicit sex, love, lust and lots of sex, with Peter, oh wow.

I walked into the lounge to be greeted by sight of Peter bending over to tap the ash off his joint into an ashtray on a low coffee table, he turned and reached out to me, we held each other and looked deeply into each others eyes and then kissed. We kissed with heart felt passion, I felt giddy as I tasted his lips, his mouth and his tongue, I held his head in my hands at first, then my hands began to roam over his lovely slim firm body, but temptation got the better of me, I began to fondle his hot soft ass, squeezing it through the silk robe, Peter held me tightly as I felt him press his hard cock against mine which was restricted by my tight jeans, he then started to undo my shirt buttons, his hand caressing my chest, teasing my nipples while we continued to kiss as I moaned and sighed.

Deft hands unbuckled my belt and popped my button with ease, as one hand tugged my zipper down the other slipped into my boxers and squeezed the pre-cum covered end of my cock, I found myself being propelled backwards and then pushed down onto the sofa. 

As I became aware of the pleasant smell of the soft luxurious fabric of the furniture, my jeans were tugged off me quicker than I've ever been able to remove them, two hands slid under my ass, teasing fingers pushed their way up to my opening before gripping and pulling my boxers off quickly and with no finesse.

Peter stood on the sofa, legs straddling mine, lifted his silk purple robe and pushed his ass into my face, I cupped his buttocks and used my thumbs to spread his cheeks and give me access to his hot asshole. My tongue found it's target immediately, mmm...he'd used a strawberry douche, I love the taste of Peter's body, every inch of it, with or without the added tastes but this was a nice touch, and with the grass that he'd been smoking he was very relaxed, my tongue began to push it's way into his tight silken passage as he held my muscular upper arms and shoulders.

The smell of his hot clear skin excited me even more, I began to suck as well as lick his relaxed sweet asshole, this was bliss, Peter obviously thought so because he was now cradling my head and pulling it into him which made me suck and lick even harder than I had been. As I held his hips and sucked on his asshole he pulled away and turned, before I could focus my eyes which had been pressed into his delicious buttocks he placed his cock against my lips.

I opened my mouth and tasted his cock, quite a contrast to his strawberry tasting asshole but just as delicious. Within two minutes of having begun to suck his cock he pulled backwards and lowered himself onto my rigid cock, pre-cum was oozing from it, Peter gently gripped my cock and began to rub his wet asshole over it, he brought his other hand up and cupped the back of my neck then kissed me, as we kissed he began to move up and down on my cock until we both felt that wonderful sensation of entry.

With my end in him we kissed with softness and love, my hands caressed his chest while my thumbs teased his erect nipples, Peter squeezed me with his magnificent ass, squeeze and rise up, relax and push down, squeeze and relax, up and down, up and down until I was inside him right up to my balls.

We rolled over sideways, I held Peter's ankles and kept his legs up in the air, he began to pull his knees onto his chest and hook his feet over my shoulders as I took my weight on my wrists, gently I moved in and out of his tight hot ass, as turned on as I was I knew that to fuck him like this would probably mean he'd be sore later on and I was there for the weekend!

Reluctantly I withdrew from his hot gripping ass; a look of surprised disappointment wreathed his flushed face as our cocks jostled and rubbed one against the other.

"Ky." - I said as I climbed off the sofa.

Peter murmured as he stroked his cock with one hand and slipped a finger on the other one into his open ass, as I walked to the bathroom to get the Ky gel I realised that "Ky" were the only words that had been spoken since I had arrived.

With a twitching dick I rapidly entered the lounge and saw that Peter had removed the purple robe and was sitting on the soft deep pile carpet, back against the wall with his arms wrapped around his legs pulling his heels up against his soft tanned ass. 

Peter gave me ball tinglingly seductive smile as I slowly walked towards him, by nodding his head he indicated that I should sit where I stood, in the centre of the room.

I lay on my side and smiled as Peter went onto all fours and crawled over to me, he turned and pushed my head into the fragrant soft deep carpet with his ass, as I lay back he wriggled his boy pussy into my face, my tongue found his hot slit and began to push it's way in just as his hands began to stroke and squeeze my cock.

At six foot two, Peter is three inches taller than me and as a result my face remained buried in his boy pussy as his mouth began to work its magic upon my cock.

Peter is blessed, or at least I am, because he has a cum in ten seconds mouth. He knows what he's doing and takes his mouth away from my dick to stop me from cumming, unless he wants to swallow for a change.

Peter's pussy seemed to be pulsating against my tongue as he rocked back and forth; the end of his cock was pressing into my chest as I heard the click of the of the top of the Ky gel tube being opened, seconds seemed like minutes as Peter began squeezing the Ky into his hands, then I felt a cool sensation all over my cock as Peter coated my dick with the lube of lust. On his knees he shuffled forwards, holding my rock hard cock in one hand he lowered himself onto it.

Tightness, heat, tightness, tightness travelling along my cock, half of it is inside him as he rises up and down, and now my whole length is inside him, Peter leans toward me and I stretch up to him, and we kiss, a kiss of lust, passion and love.

As Peter grinds down onto me I rise up to bury myself in him, the Ky making everything so smooth, Peter grips my cock with his magnificent ass as he rises up and relaxes and swallows me as he slides down on it.

Without a word, Peter climbs off me, turns, then lowers his chin into the carpet as his ass rises and is exposed and ready for me once more.

I kneel behind my lover, as I have done before, and as I will continue to do so as long as I can get a hard on, then I push my way into his wet, willing and open asshole, he isn't tight he's slack, slack because I've fucked him and stretched him so much, I'd love to fuck him and stretch him everyday, to push my hot hard cock in him until our balls are touching and cum.

My chin is on his back, the scent of his skin is in my nostrils, sweet clear skin, the skin of my lover is hot and sweet, I want to cover him and absorb every sweet sensation from him that I can; I reach underneath his belly and take his cock in my hand, I begin to wank him.

The feel of his foreskin moving in my hand excites me as much as when Peter rolls my foreskin around in his hands; the rim of the helmet of my cock is tingling, I'm going to cum, but I want to look at my lover as I cum. I pull out of his hot slippery ass and push him onto his side, then I begin to lift his legs up, by now Peter knows what I want, he pulls his knees up onto his chest and I enter him -- hands free! My Ky covered cock finds its own way into Peter's open pussy, I start off slow and steady but this doesn't last long, the tingling in the rim of my cock is becoming more intense, the insides of my wrists are pressed against his ribs as my hands on the floor take my weight, my thrusts are fast and deep.

My cock begins to swell, with half glazed eyes Peter looks at me, he pants and gasps as his heels hook around me and hold me inside him, my chest presses onto the back of his hot legs, he pushes his ass up to meet my thrusting cock, my balls begin to tingle, my breathing is erratic, the heat of his ass seems to suck the orgasm out of me, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ooohhhh.

"Cum inside me, spunk in me you horny bastard...spunk in me..."

Peter said, the only words he had spoken to me since I'd arrived

My cock is in overdrive as it twitches and pumps my cum deep into his wonderful ass, I keep moving, albeit slowly, in and out of Peter's now spunky ass, the now very sensitive end of my cock is resting in a peaceful and satisfied state in Peter's cum filled ass.

We roll onto our sides and lie there in blissful harmony as my cum leaks out of him keeping us joined together.