 It was only Monday afternoon and already it felt as if I had been running since the day began. It was going to be a really long week, if this pace kept up. I hoped I would be able to grab some time to relax.

I left home before 6:00 a.m. and had made five follow up visits on clients between 7:30 a.m. and Noon. The afternoon was even busier - seven stops and I didn't finish the last one until 6:00 p.m.

I finally got to my hotel about 6:30. I was really looking forward to getting checked in and then hitting the fitness center. The check in went quickly. I punched the up button on the elevator.

I watched the indicator lights flash as the elevator descended from the upper floors. I stepped back as the door opened. Jon, whom I had met before stepped out. He had his running gear on. "Hi, Brad, just got in, huh."

"Hi Jon, yes, just got here. I'm going up and change and hit the fitness center."

"Maybe I'll see you later, then."

Jon strode across the lobby and then began to jog as he reached the parking lot. I changed as quickly as I could and then went to the fitness center. I warmed with some stretching and walking on a treadmill. No one else was in the room so I was able to workout on all of the stations on the exercise machine.

After cooling down with some more time on the treadmill and stretching, I decided to return to my room and shower instead of using the fitness center showers.

When I got back to my room, I stripped out of my sweaty workout clothes and wrapped a towel around my waist. Then I decided to ring Jon's room and see if he might want to eat dinner together. I asked the hotel operator to ring Jon's room. It was funny, but I could hear a phone ringing in the room next door. It rang several times before Jon answered.

"Hello, Jon, it's Brad. Have you had dinner."

"No. not yet."

"Neither have I. Do you want to go someplace and catch a bite."

"Sure, but I want to take a quick shower first. Why don't you drop by in fifteen or so."

"Sure, Jon. What room are you in?"

"716."

"Hey, you are right next door. I'm in 718."

""Just a minute." I heard Jon lay the phone down then I heard the lock on his side of the connecting door click. "Come on through when you are ready."

"O.K. Just a minute Jon. I put the phone down and walked over to the connecting door. I unlocked the connecting door on my side and opened it. Jon had opened the door on his side.

Jon's running shoes were lying on the floor and Jon was across the room at the desk. He was holding the phone. His t-shirt was hanging over the desk chair.

I walked back to my phone. "How would you like to have someone wash your back?"

"Sounds good. My shower or yours?"

"Makes no difference to me. Yours will be fine."

I hung up the phone and walked into Jon's room. He had turned to face the door. As I entered, he pushed his running shorts down and stepped out of them. He turned his back as he bent down to pick them up. My cock twitched and I licked my lips as I looked at his hairy ball sac and suckable balls dangling below his ass. After hanging his shorts over the back of the desk chair, he turned towards me again.

I looked at his crotch and at his long slim cock that felt so good in my ass that night in the locker room in another hotel. "You are looking good, man." I took off my towel. My cock was semi-hard in anticipation of things to come.

"You're looking good too. Let's get reacquainted while we shower."

Jon turned towards the bathroom. I followed. Once the water temperature was adjusted, Jon stepped into the shower and I followed. Jon picked up the bar of soap and started lathering up. He handed me the soap. I lathered my arms and chest as Jon watched.

"Give me the soap. If you'll turn around, I'll wash your back first." I turned to face the shower wall. Jon started at my shoulders and neck and worked his way down my back. When he got to my butt, he slipped a soapy hand between my legs.

I felt his fingers brush against my balls. As he pulled his hand back, his fingertips slid across my pucker. Jon worked up more lather on his hands. He put his arms around me and began to lather my chest and stomach. He pulled me back against himself as his hands slipped down to my crotch.

As he took my cock in his hand, I felt his cock brush against my butt. My cock was beginning to harden as Jon rubbed, pulled and twisted with his soapy hands. I spread my feet a little and leaned forward, bracing my hands on the stall wall.

Jon leaned against my back. I felt him press his slim cock between my ass cheeks. As Jon jerked me, he began to hump my ass. I could feel his cock getting harder as he probed for my asshole.

"As I remember, Brad, your ass is really tight. And, if your thick cock feels this good in my hand, I can imagine how it will feel when you fuck me."

I looked over my shoulder at him. "Well, if you want to fuck, you'd better pull your dick from between my legs and unhand me, so we can finish showering and go get some dinner.

"Let's pass on dinner, we can order something from room service later."

We separated and then rinsed off. As I toweled off, I still had a major boner. Jon's cock jutted in front of his crotch.

"Let's get comfortable." Jon led the way into his bedroom. He sat on the edge of the bed as I stood in front of him and stroked my cock. He watched a minute, then slid off the bed and onto his knees in front of me.

"Come here. I want to show you something." Jon gripped my cock and pulled me up close to his face. He licked my cockhead and then he leaned forward and nuzzled my ball sac with his nose before sliding his tongue up the side of the cock shaft.

He licked my cockhead again before slipping his mouth over it. Jon took about half of my cock into his mouth. He kept his lips lightly clamped around the shaft has he began to move his head. His lips moved up and down my cock shaft and around the rim of my cockhead as my cock moved around inside his mouth.

It felt really, really good. Especially when Jon used his tongue to rub around the rim of the crown while my cock moved in and out and around inside his mouth.

"You'd better ease off, Jon, or I may blow my load." Jon slid his lips as far as he could down my cock. He then pulled his head back in a hard vacuum suck. My cock popped out of his mouth and stood erect.

"I don't know what you were doing, but, man, that feels great."

Jon grinned at me. "Oh, after I get a nice mouthful of cock, I just move my head around by tracing a figure eight with my nose."

"Well, that's something I'm going to have to learn. But get on the bed now, it's my turn."

Jon lay down and I lay beside him. I began to rub his chest and stomach and lightly pinch his nipples. I let my hand stray down to his crotch and brush his pubic hair and nudge his dick.

I then moved around and down so I could begin licking his cockhead. I held his cock upright as I ran my tongue around the rim and over the crown. "How long are you going to be in town, Jon?"

"I'm working out of here all week. Why?"

"With your permission, I plan to deep throat your long cock before Friday morning is here."

"Be my guest. I'd like that."

"Good. I've always wanted to see if I could swallow a foot long hotdog and deep throating your cock is a nice way to practice."

"I hope you won't be disappointed. I think it is only ten or eleven inches at best."

"It'll do," I laughed as I opened my mouth, put his cockhead on my tongue and swallowed as much of his cock as I comfortably could. I squirmed around so I was sort of lying with my chest across Jon's stomach. The curve of his erect cock was a close match to the curve of my throat.

I was happily licking and sucking and trying to swallow more of Jon's cock while he played with my cock and balls. Jon told me to get into a kneeling position over him. I did so as Jon pulled my cock down to his mouth.

The 69 was enjoyable but I couldn't swallow as much cock as before. I closed my mouth loosely around his cock and began moving my head in a circle. I alternated between moving my head in a circle and in running my tongue over and around his cockhead.

Jon stopped blowing me. I crawled from over him. He propped himself up on his elbows. "What were you doing to me? It felt great."

"I was just doing a circle suck. It's similar to the figure eight, only you move your head in a circle. You can vary the size of the circle, change directions and keep as much or as little cock in your mouth as you wish. And it isn't tiring. You could circle for hours, if you wish."

It was getting late. We decided to call it a night. I went back to my room and ordered a chef's salad from room service. I ate while I brought my notes about the various service calls up to date. By the time I had finished eating, I had the next day's calls organized. It had been a long day.

I had taken a quick "wake-up" shower and was just finishing shaving when there was a knock on the bathroom door. It was Jon. He was wearing a hotel furnished terry robe.

"Good Morning. When you are finished, come on over. I've made a pot of coffee."

"Good Morning. Jon. Thanks, I'd like that."

Jon turned to leave. After applying deodorant and aftershave, I slipped on my own terry robe and walked through to Jon's room. Jon was seated at the desk and sipping coffee. The only light in the room was from the television, from the alcove next to the bathroom and from the connecting door to my room.

I walked back to the alcove where the coffee maker, microwave and refrigerator were located and poured myself a cup of coffee. "Did you sleep well?" I walked over to the desk and leaned against it next to Jon.

"Pretty good, how about you?"

"O.K., but not long enough." I glanced at the TV and sipped coffee. Jon reached over and undid the belt on my robe. He slid off his chair onto his knees as he opened my robe. Then he picked up his cup, took a drink, set the cup down, swallowed, and then slipped his coffee-warmed mouth over my soft cock.

Jon buried his nose in my pubic hair as he used soft vacuum sucks. I set my cup down. As my cock stiffened, he began his figure eight motion. I looked across the room to our reflection in the mirrored closet doors.

I wondered, in how many rooms, this morning, this domestic scene, unique as it was, was being repeated. How many people were giving or getting pre-breakfast blow jobs, eating pussy or getting their pussies eaten or enjoying a wake up fuck.

Jon was cupping my balls as he licked up and down my cock shaft. "You smell and taste good, man, clean and fresh. I was hoping for some cream for my coffee, but room service will be here any minute with our breakfast."

Jon stood up and closed and tied my robe. There was a knock, "Room Service."

Jon unlocked and opened the door after checking through the peephole. The waiter carried a tray, which he set on the desk. Jon signed the check. He locked the door behind the waiter.

"I ordered ham and eggs. I hope whole wheat toast is o.k."

"That's fine." I picked up a carafe of orange juice and poured a glass for each of us. As we ate, we talked about our schedules for the day. I said I hoped to be finished early and back here by 5:00 or 5:30 at the latest. Jon said that was his plan also. I asked Jon to stand up. As he did so, I unfastened his robe, warmed my mouth with a large drink of coffee, swallowed the coffee, leaned forward in my chair, and swallowed his flaccid cock.

I stopped sucking him off after a few minutes and stood up. "I hate to eat and run, but both of us had better get a move on."

Jon surprised me by taking my head in his hands. He leaned forward and kissed me on the lips. "Have a great day, Brad. I'll be waiting for you this evening."

Fortunately, many of my service calls were fairly simple and the morning went quickly. I skipped lunch to write up the service reports for the morning calls. I knew what I really wanted to eat. The afternoon wasn't quite as successful. I had to get online to download some critical software and some patches for a couple of clients who hadn't kept their software up to date. But still, I was unlocking the door to my room at 5:10 p.m.

I opened the door and stepped in. Jon was sitting on the couch. He was wearing the terry robe and sipping a drink. He opened his robe and started to stroke his hard cock.

"What happened, Jon? You get tired of waiting and decide to start without me?"

Jon just smiled and continued to jack off. I walked over to him, kneeled down in front of him, put my hand over his, and helped him stroke. Jon took his hand off his cock. I slipped my hand down to give his balls a little squeeze, while with my other hand I took Jon's drink and placed it on the floor.

I pushed Jon back and to the side so he was lying more-or-less lengthwise on the couch. I moved my hand from his balls to the shaft. I held his cock as I opened my mouth and pushed my lips as far down his shaft as I could. I stopped a minute and told myself that I could open my throat and swallow it all.

I moved my hand back to Jon's balls. I lifted his sac as I pushed my cock loving mouth farther down his shaft. I wrapped a thumb and forefinger around his shaft to mark the spot. I slowly moved my head back until his cockhead slipped from between my lips.

I held his cock erect so we could see my progress. I had swallowed seven or, at most, eight inches. I had deep throated a "normal" cock, but I still had three or four inches to go before I would be able to feel Jon's pubic hair against my lips or to where I could press his ball sac against my nose.

I licked my lips and swabbed his cockhead with my tongue before I slowly "plunged" my mouth back down his cock. I pushed down to my finger and thumb then pushed a little more.

Jon was rubbing my butt through my clothes. He sort of croaked, "Go change clothes. I'll fix you a drink."

I went into the bedroom and undressed. I didn't put on my robe because I would just have to take it off again. I had so enjoyed swallowing Jon's cock, that I had given myself a nice hard-on. My jutting cock swayed as I walked back to the couch.

Jon had taken off his robe and had spread it on the couch. He was sitting down with a drink in each hand. "Your hard-on looks like an obscene figurehead for a sailing ship." Jon laughed.

"Well, yours isn't exactly a shrinking violet."

Jon looked down at his erect cock, which was still wet with my spit and saliva. "No, it isn't. I'll bet that you'll reach your goal tomorrow night."

"Goal?"

"Yes, you'll achieve deep throat tomorrow night. Very few lovers, either men or women, have swallowed as much as you did."

"Well, if I do, you had better be prepared to cum and shoot a load of cream almost directly into my stomach."

"In that case, we would both be winners. Sit down." He patted the couch next to himself. I sat and he handed me a drink. As I took a sip, he wrapped his hand around my cock. His hand was cool from the drink.

"What is this? I don't recognize the taste."

"Well, actually, it's mineral water with just a touch of flavored grain alcohol."

"Aha! A sneaky pete, so you can get me drunk and seduce me, you cad!"

"Something like that, but I suspect you are somewhat of a pushover."

"Only with men with a glib tongue and long slim cocks that are, I might say, challenging and tasty at the same time."

Jon Laughed. He had set his drink down. He leaned towards me and kissed me on the lips. I set my drink down and the kiss became a French kiss. Jon broke the kiss and moved down my neck. He sucked my nipples then worked his way to my cock.

He concentrated on running his tongue over and around my cockhead. I leaned back and spread my legs to give him better access. He moved around until he was kneeling on the couch. I could rub his back and neck and reach under him to stroke his cock and fondle his balls.

I ran my hand down his back to his butt. I slipped my fingers down his crack to his asshole. I discovered he had lubed himself up. Jon stopped sucking me. "I didn't want to waste any time. I hope I haven't taken you for granted."

"No, Jon. I've thought about fucking your ass ever since your invitation back in that other locker room."

"Well, you cock is thick and meaty and feels good in my mouth, so I think it is time to see if it feels as good in my ass." With that, Jon stood up and walked around and bent over the back of the couch.

I followed him. "Fuck me, Lover." I pulled Jon away from the couch a bit, spread his feet apart, and pulled his cock and balls down so I could easily stroke and fondle them. I put one hand on Jon's hip to steady him and used my other hand to guide my cock as I stepped up behind him.

I pressed the tip of my cockhead against his puckered asshole. Jon exhaled and pushed back as I put my hands on his hips. His asshole opened and expanded as my thick cockhead pushed into it. There was some resistance as I pushed against his muscle ring. Jon inhaled as my cockhead pressed through the sphincter. I felt his asshole close around and grip my cock shaft. I slowly pushed my cock all the way up Jon's ass.

I was tight against Jon's butt. My pubic hair was pressed against his ass and my cock was deep within him. "Fuck me, Brad. Fuck me, please." I pulled out slowly until I felt his muscle ring. Long strokes and slow strokes. Steady and deep. I reached around his waist and grasped and started to stroke his cock.

Jon began to pant and buck against me. As he bucked, I stroked his cock harder and faster. Jon arched his back. I felt his cock stiffen even more as he began to blow a load on the back of the couch and on the carpet.

Jon leaned on the couch as my cock remained in his ass. "I guess we'll need some carpet and upholstery cleaner." He stood quietly. Without the pumping action in his ass, my cock was softening. "We need to rest and get something to eat."

Jon stood up and my cock popped out of his asshole. He walked to the alcove with the refrigerator, opened the door and removed a plate of sandwiches. "What would you like to drink? Beer? Wine? Water? Even milk?"

"Do you have any energy drinks? Two bottles, because both of us are going to need them after we finish eating."

I decided to clean up first. When I returned, Jon handed me the sandwich plate. I took a ham sandwich and then poured myself a glass of wine.

"Eat hearty, Lover. And eat quickly."

I sat at the desk. As I ate, I asked Jon, "Have you ever worked with a couple of consultants, a husband and wife team, named Judy and Rob?"

"No, I can't say that I have. Why do you ask?"

"Well, I worked with them recently. They are a unique couple of consultants."

"How so?"

"Judy has a fantasy of watching her husband, Rob, getting it on with other men. He participates willingly and eagerly. She gets so turned on and when she decides to participate, she gets down and dirty. Oral, vaginal and anal with no holes barred."

"Sounds interesting."

"Yes, I suspect she would really like watching Rob get double dicked. And Rob likes watching her get screwed so he 'can suck the cock of the last man who fucked her.' She gives good head too."

"Hum. Sounds like my kind of people. I'd like to meet them. A mouth is pretty much a mouth, present company excepted, and an ass is an ass regardless of whether or not it is male or female. And, old Jon, here, has been known to dip into prime pussy on occasion."

I stood up. The talk about Judy and Rob had given me about half a hard-on. Jon also had the beginning of a boner.

"Let's get comfortable on the bed."

I followed Jon. We lay down side by side. He leaned over me. We shared a French kiss. Jon held my cock as he kissed and licked his way to my crotch. I stretched out so Jon was forced to stretch too. We lay on our sides facing each other.

Jon held my cock as he flicked the rim of my cockhead with his tongue. My cock got harder as Jon concentrated his attentions. I jacked and licked his cock shaft and fondled his balls.
