 Catch-up: Hetero Gary was tricked into drinking a beer with some kind of hypnotic potion, and fed subliminal messages that turned him into a cocksucker. He is programmed to crave cock when he hears the word 'lollipop', and forget that anything happened when he hears 'Candy shop STOP!'. Read chapter 1 for details. Also, this is a mind control story, I felt it belonged in the 'Gay Male' category.

_____________________________ 

After Gary bought two giant pizzas for the three brothers, they all ate well. Jim and Bill both took their turns with the magic word 'Lollipop', causing Gary to graciously and dutifully fellate them to completion and drink their last drop of cum, believing that it tasted like sweet candy. 

The three brothers spoke, and agreed that Gary was a very talented cocksucker.

"I have never cum that hard so quickly before!" Bill said, with amazement in his eyes. "He must've done this before..."

"Well, let's see if he can earn us some money," Todd said as he smiled.

Gary was in a haze. He was just enamored with the three brothers. 'How cool are these guys?' he thought. 'Just took me in without even knowing me!'. He felt so much in their debt that he wanted to pay them back somehow, someway. 

"Gary, is it?" Jim asked.

"Yes?" Gary looked up, excitedly. He was secretly embarrassed that he probably didn't say his name loud enough the first time. 

"Look, we are going to the Spearmint Torch up the street. Wanna come?" He asked, grinning.

"Absolutely--For you guys, cover charge is on me!" Gary said, with as much enthusiasm as a puppy given a treat.

Jim and Bill couldn't help but chuckle. The drug/hypno treatment they gave Gary hadn't ever worked this well. They walked around the circle, the three brothers in the lead, with Gary following along as a puppy would.

When they arrived, Gary jumped in front.

"It's on me--how much?" Gary asked.

The bald bouncer looked at the brothers. 

"No charge," and waved them in, as if he knew them. 

This puzzled Gary, but he assumed that the bouncer knew what nice guys these brothers were, and wanted to do them a favor. He felt silly and out-done by the bouncer and walked in, deflated.

Jim and Todd walked up to the bar, while Bill sat down at a table by the strippers. Gary followed Bill and sat down with him. 

"Listen, we have some business to conduct here, and it needs to be done in private. Would you mind hanging out in the video arcade? They will let you watch porno." Bill asked Gary.

"Sure, no problem," Gary said as he got up quickly. "Where are they?"

Gary had been in the Spearmint Torch many times, but he had no idea there were video booths. 

"Jim will show you where," Bill said as he motioned towards the bar.

Just then, Bill slammed a shot at the bar and turned around to face Gary, motioning him over.

"Want a beer?" Bill asked.

"Sure, Corona please--but I got cash," Gary answered. 

"No no, I insist" Bill said, as the bartender handed Gary a Corona with a lime twist.

"Follow me," he said, and Gary followed in his puppy-like manner.

They walked in the back past the lap-dance cubbies Gary knew far too well. Gary tapped on the door in the back of the hallway, somebody looked out the peephole. The door opened, and the two entered the back.

They followed a short curly-haired man further down the hallway, through another door. Inside, there was a central, tiny cubicle with a stool, and a flat screen tv with a place to deposit money. There were several other rooms that surrounded this central one. There were holes in the central cubicle, and Gary really hadn't seen anything like it before. He thought, maybe for peeking at strippers? He felt silly for not knowing, and he wanted to pretend he did know, so he said nothing as he reached for his wallet.

The short man and Bill laughed out loud at the same time.

"No no no. For you? Free videos my friend. Enjoy" the short man said, and pressed the red button on the video player. 

"I'll be back in a bit. In the meantime, relax and enjoy the movies!" Bill said with a smile.

Gary just felt so warm all over at their generosity! Why weren't there more good people in the world like this? He just began to feel sad that there would be no way to fully repay their generosity, but he would spend his life searching for ways to do this. 

Gary took a sip of beer and pondered these things as the girl on the screen was being impaled onto a black man's giant tool. He was not interested, really. He just wanted to do something nice for the three brothers.

After a few minutes, he heard somebody approach the cubicle to his right. He saw the short curly-haired man walk in and sit down through the "peep hole". He felt a bit awkward, but strangely relaxed. 

Until the short man unzipped and removed his pants. And his underwear. Gary could see his cock, and it was pretty large. Gary pretended not to notice. He saw the man reach over and press something. Then he heard something else come out of the speaker...

"Lollipop"

Forgetting what had been on his mind, Gary started to panic. Who said that? How could he find the cock of the speaker of that word? His heart rate started to increase, when suddenly he saw the short man stand on something and slowly feed his cock through the hole.

Gary relaxed entirely at that point, and quickly moved his stool to the right wall. He leaned down and tilted his head up to engulf the circumcised cock into his mouth. It tasted like candy! But it was so large. He wondered if he could get it all in his mouth. He sucked and worked with his mouth only--no hands--until he had the entire cock in. 

'Whew, that was close' he thought, as he swished the mass of soft cock meat around his mouth, as he could hear the short man moan in approval. The man's groans made him feel so appreciated--so proud of his performance. He could feel the short man start to gyrate his hips, and the soft candy in his mouth began to grow. 

Gary's cheeks started to pop out, and the cock was getting harder and straighter from his ministrations. He knew that he was doing the right thing, because the candy seemed to taste sweeter with each pump of the short man's hips. 

The cock grew and grew, and the man started pumping his cock in and out of the hole, cruelly depriving Gary of keeping it all in his mouth. He tried sucking harder, and the man liked this. He withdrew his cock, so that only the head was through the hole. Gary sucked and massaged the cock head, feeding his tongue in and out of the slit, tasting the warm, sweet candy juice that was leaking out. 

He heard somebody sit down in the cube right in front of his, next to the TV. As he was servicing the short man's cock, he watched the man pull his cock out and start stroking it. 

Suddenly, the short man pumped all the way in, striking the back of Gary's throat and pushing his head back. Gary felt so fulfilled at that point, and ashamed that he couldn't keep it all in because he stopped paying attention for a second. He forced his head forward, altering his angle, and was able to fit the short man's cock down his throat. He hoped this would make up for his failure. 

He had his mouth all the way against the hole in the wall, and the short man began to throat-fuck his cock in and out, using Gary's mouth to please his cock. It didn't take long until Gary started tasting more and more candy juice.

He saw the man in the cubicle increasing his pace.

Suddenly, the short man pulled halfway out, and started shooting hot, tasty candy juice into Gary's mouth. It tasted even better than before! He greedily sucked as the short man pumped, moaning in pleasure. He could hear the short man slobbering and his voice twitching for what seemed like forever.

Gary kept as much of the man's candy juice in his mouth, and when he withdrew, Gary just swished the silky goodness around, falling in love with the flavor. He swallowed, and saw the man in the front of the cubicle stand up. 'Just in time' he thought, getting nervous from not having a cock in his mouth for even a second. 

He quickly moved his stool over and sucked the small but rock-hard cock into his mouth right as it came through the wall. And he was rewarded in just seconds after that with a flood of candy. The man moaned with pleasure as he was sucked dry by Gary. Load after load of silky, warm candy, delivered hot to his mouth. He wondered if anything in the world would make him feel this good ever again. 

The man withdrew, pulled his pants back on, and got up.

Gary was starting to get that sinking feeling again. No cock? His heart started to beat faster. Adrenaline. Suddenly he heard the main door shut, and then he heard it.

'Candy shop STOP!'

Gary forgot what he had been doing. He adjusted his seat back in front of the TV, took a swig of beer, and resumed thinking how he was going to thank these three wonderful men. 

---To Be Continued