 Author's note 1: This story is a spinoff of the incest story "Operation Fuck Me Daddy" and the second part of a trilogy. It's not necessary to read that story first (it would be nice if you did), and there's no incest in this story. This is the first gay male story that I've written, and I hope I've done it justice. This story will alternate POV by chapter. This is a very nerdy story. One last thing -the title of each chapter comes from a song written by an English artist or group -some are easy, some are not. Leave your guesses in the comments and don't forget to vote - keep in mind that I'm an artist, and I'm sensitive about my shit! love, cg74

Author's note 2: for The Professor. Oranges. 

CHAPTER ONE - FROM A FARAWAY TOWN

CECIL

Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Heathrow Airport. Local time is 1135 hours and the temperature is 21 degrees celsius.

I can't believe I'm here. I should probably pinch myself. Yeah, I'm still here. 

I've worked so hard for this. I, Cecil James - magna cum laude graduate in accounting from Howard University, 25 year old nerd, and (dare I say it) handsome devil - have finally made it to London. On Monday I start a 3 month internship with Wallingford Worldwide - THE financial services firm. There are fifty interns from all over the world, and I beat out hundreds of applicants to be one of the lucky ten from the United States to get this opportunity. My dad Marcus and my sister Gina were so happy for me. Dad is also an accountant; he has a small but thriving accounting firm back home in suburban Virginia. When I'm done with this internship I'll probably join the family business. 

Wallingford Worldwide and London is my opportunity to spread my wings in more ways than one. I've known I was attracted to men and women since I knew what attraction was. I like girls just fine and had my share, but the older I get the more I find myself wanting to be with a man. Share my life with a man. Love a man. I've met a few guys, but none of them seem to click. 

Problem is, almost every man I've met wants the "Big Black Cock Thug" fantasy. Don't get me wrong, my dick is nice, thick, and long, but I'm no thug. I'm not here to fulfill the stereotype of what someone thinks a Black man should be. I'm Cecil, and I'm awesome. Miss me with that foolishness. 

But enough of that. Time to get off this plane. I gather my things, suffer through customs, and get to baggage claim. That's where I see a cute redhead holding a sign with my name on it. 

"Hi, I'm Cecil James." I smile and offer my hand. 

"Hi Cecil, welcome to London! I'm Kate with Wallingford. I'm here to help you get settled. Do you have everything?"

I told her that I did and we made our way to the waiting car and onto the M4 into London. 

Kate was great company; we talked about London, the internship, and life in general. In another life I'd definitely ask her out, but that's not me anymore. We arrived at my hotel in the heart of Kensington - home for the next week until I moved into my own apartment (or should I say flat?). Kate told me about the informal brunch for all the interns on Sunday; apparently brunch is a thing in London just like it is in the states. I got all the info, assured her I'd be there, and got settled into my hotel.  

I pinched myself again. Yeah, this is still real. I Skyped with my sister and dad (they're acting kinda strange-what's up with that?), let them know I'm good, and now it's time to explore. 

I spent the next few days acquainting myself with London - I was a total tourist. I did the double decker bus tour. I took a run through Hyde Park. I saw the Changing of the Guard. I went to the market in Brixton. I did the obligatory walk near Abbey Road. I went on the London Eye and rode the Tube everywhere. I had a ball. My Instagram was full of pictures. 

And the men! The men are so fine! There's just something about that English accent that makes me all crazy horny and keeps my dick half hard. London is man candy central and I've got a sweet tooth.

Before I knew it, Sunday was here. I took an Uber to the the brunch spot. I tried on a couple of things before I decided on my brunch look - dark denim jeans, a blazer over a white button down, leather slip ons, a scarf, and of course my Andrew Christian boxer briefs. I'd fuck me. 

I walked in, said hello to Kate, found the interns from Wallingford, and made my way around the room. Everyone was really excited about this opportunity. I was talking with the other interns from the states when I heard a voice in the background. The most incredible English accent I have ever heard. Like Colin Firth as Darcy but with just enough Idris Elba thrown in to make it sound sexy. 

"But that's exactly why Star Trek Into Darkness didn't work. Why was the Enterprise under water? Beyond is a much better movie."

OH. MY. GOD. Someone who feels the same way I do about that horrible movie! 

My stomach did a slight flip flop. If he looks as good as he sounds I'm in trouble. I do a casual turn towards the sound of that voice. 

Yep, in trouble. 

Standing there was one of the most beautiful humans I've ever seen in my life. Tall, like me. Dark hair that was a little long and had a slight curl. Beautiful eyes. Broad shoulders that look like they work out often. Not a skinny build - a solid man -just the way I like them. His cashmere sweater looked nice with his trousers (I am in London - they say trousers here) and his black ankle boots. I couldn't see his ass, but I'm sure it was just as fabulous as the rest of him. It was like Byung Hun-Lee had a younger brother that was born in London, worked out, and wanted to be an accountant. 

So. Much. Trouble. And he's walking this way. 

"Hello Cecil," he said, looking at my nametag. "I'm Nicholas Rhee. Pleased to meet you." He smiled as he shook my hand. He gave me a nice firm handshake, which I returned in kind. No weak sauce here. 

I thought British people were supposed to have horrible teeth. If so, no one told Nicholas Rhee. His smile was so radiant I felt it all through my body. His eyes got wide as he shook my hand; was he feeling what I was feeling? If there is a higher power, this man has to be gay. No way fate could be this cruel. 

"Hi Nicholas. Pleased to meet you as well. I couldn't help but overhear your take on Into Darkness. It's nice to know there's a Trek fan among my fellow interns." I smiled at him, and that began an animated chat about all things Star Trek. He was almost as hard core as me. Our conversation flowed easily and when Kate tapped on her champagne flute to get our attention, I was sad we had to pause. The room turned to towards Kate as she spoke. 

"Hello Interns! I'm glad that you all are here to become a part of the family at Wallingford Worldwide. I hope you take this time to learn all you can, because we are going to put you to work. As we told you in your welcome packet, you're going to rotate between 4 different sections of Wallingford - Mergers & Acquisitions, Accounts Payable, Auditing, and Taxation. You'll be in a group with nine other interns, and you'll spend at least two weeks in each section, with the last two weeks spent in the specific area that interests you the most. At the end of the three months we hope that you'll have a comprehensive understanding of all the opportunities available to you as a new CPA or Chartered Accountant. Now, you'll find tables with your name on them - please take a seat and meet your team as well as your liaison within Wallingford. Again, we welcome you to London!"

We all clapped as Kate finished her speech and went off to find our names and meet our team. 

Please let Nicholas be on my team. Please let Nicholas be on my team...both teams.

CHAPTER TWO - I GO BACK TO BLACK

NICHOLAS

Please let Cecil be on my team. Please let Cecil be on my team...both teams. 

I was enjoying myself at this intern brunch. I had to work doubly hard to get this opportunity - my mum is a senior vice president at Wallingford, and I wanted to do this without her help. I didn't tell her that I applied after graduation from the London School of Economics, and I'm glad she wasn't too angry at me. Korean moms don't play around.

Which is why she doesn't know I'm gay. None of my family does. I don't think they're ready for their son to be iban - one of the many names Koreans call gay people. My parents have been in England for decades, and I was born and educated here. I think they'd be fine with my sexual orientation, but I'm not that eager for that conversation just yet. 

But I just met Cecil James. And now I want to have all kinds of conversations with his cock. 

When I shook his hand I felt an actual spark. I've been with a few guys, but Cecil is something else all together. He is so bloody fit with that American swagger that drives me crazy. He looks like the singer Maxwell with Craig David mixed in just to make it hotter. When I saw him standing there with the other Yanks I almost forgot about my conversation about Star Trek just so I could stare at him. 

I had to go introduce myself. I'm not that 'stereotypical' Asian gay man that's small, and fem, and submissive. I'm a dominant top who loves to be in control, and I am confident in everything I do. 

Until I shook Cecil's hand. And felt that spark. And saw that smile. Everything is now off kilter. 

I listened to Kate make her introduction and went off in search of my name and my team. 

"So it looks like we're going to be teammates," Cecil said as he sat down next to me. "I'm glad we're going to be working together." He smiled at me with that sexy smile; I smiled back. 

Soon enough the rest of our team filled in the seats at our table - five girls, three guys, and our liaison, Henry. 

Everyone seemed excited by the opportunity and Henry was very encouraging. He gave us the skinny on the corporate culture at Wallingford and told us some important things that we that we all needed to know.

"Wallingford has strict rules about fraternization between interns," he said, turning very serious. "There have been some problems in the past and we want to prevent it from happening in the future. Now we know that you will probably meet people that you like here, and that's fine. But PLEASE, keep it outside of work and off Wallingford property or else you will lose your job and lose this opportunity. As long as you work hard and abide by this rule you will have a great time at Wallingford and I'm here to help you with whatever you need. I'll see you bright and early at 9 AM on tomorrow."

We all exchanged information and the brunch was about to break up. I saw Cecil talking with another girl from our team quite intimately. Did I read this wrong? Is he not gay?

Oh well, maybe I'll just lust from afar. I started to gather my things when I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned around and standing there was Cecil. 

"I hope that you and I can be friends. It was really great to meet you," he said, offering his hand for me to shake again.

"It was great to meet you also, Cecil. I hope we do get to speak again." I shook his hand, feeling the spark. He gave me a long look that I couldn't quite interpret, but it wasn't a turned off look, that's for sure. 

He turned to walk away, but I couldn't let him go so easily. Here goes nothing. I called after him. 

"Cecil, do you have plans this evening? I know work starts tomorrow, but there's a trivia night in Clapham every Sunday. I usually go with a couple mates, if you're interested. I promise I won't have you out too late, and it's really casual."

Cecil smiled that smile that I'm beginning to love so much. "Nicholas that would be great. I love trivia nights, and I don't think I've been to Clapham before. Sounds like fun."

"Okay, Can I meet you at your hotel lobby, say around 6:30? Trivia night starts at 8, and that should give us enough time to grab a bite to eat at the pub and secure our seats before trivia starts. We should be back around 10. We'll take the tube over to the pub, and Uber back. Is that okay?"

"Sounds like a plan. It's a date." Cecil gave me the address of his hotel, and we went our separate ways with the promise to meet up later. I headed to the tube station with a spring in my step. 

I have a date with Cecil James. What am I going to wear? 

CHAPTER THREE- I TURNED ON THE LIGHTS, TV, AND THE RADIO

CECIL

I have a date with Nicholas Rhee. What am I going to wear?

The brunch was good. I met Amy, who I hit it off with immediately. She was from my part of the country and we both had an accountant dad that we were following into the family business. She was still looking for a place to stay and since I had a spare room, I asked if she wanted to stay with me. Having a flatmate would help cut down on costs. London is not a cheap place to live. 

"Cecil, that would be awesome! Thank you so much for the offer." Amy gave me a hug, just as Nicholas caught my eye. I really hope he doesn't think I'm straight. 

I told Amy matter of factly, "Just so you know, I'm gay. Bisexual really, but I strongly prefer men, and if that's a problem for you then you need to make other arrangements."

She threw back her head and laughed, so loudly that people looked in our direction. "My girlfriend will be very happy that you and I are roommates. And even if I didn't have a girlfriend, you wouldn't bother me in the least. Love who you love." She leaned in for another hug and whispered in my ear: "Besides, I think that cute guy in the black sweater likes you. He can't take his eyes off of you."

I smiled. "Yeah, Nicholas is nice." Amy gave me an amused eye. "Oh, it's NICHOLAS...I see that you two have already met. Be careful. Remember the fraternization rule."

"We haven't made it that far! And don't worry. I'm a big boy. I can handle it. Let's talk more tomorrow about move in dates, okay?" 

"No problem Cecil. I'm glad this can work out. See you tomorrow."

Amy and I parted and I gathered my things to leave. I saw Nicholas, shook his hand again, felt the spark. What is this feeling? I can't stop looking at him. I hope he doesn't notice me staring like a teenaged girl. 

Next thing I know, I'm agreeing to a trivia date tonight and giving him the address of my hotel. We both have work tomorrow, but there's no way I'm passing up the opportunity to spend more time with him. 

I Uber back to the hotel. It's 2 PM -four and a half hours until Nicholas gets here. I get my things ready for tomorrow - grey suit, my lucky tie, white shirt, oxfords. I take a quick nap - the time change is still fucking with me a little. Time to get ready for my date. 

I step in the shower, thinking about how good Nicholas looked today. That sweater filled out by his nice body. The smile. Goodness, that smile. My hands drift to my dick. I stroke while I think about those eyes smiling up at me while he deep throats my dick. Faster now, while I bend that body over and fill him full of cum...my name on his lips...calling me Cecil over and over...feeling him tighten his hole around me as I send him over the edge...

"FUCK!!" I spray all over the shower, breathing hard as I come down from my orgasm high. I got myself ready and soon enough it's a quarter after 6. He said casual, so I keep it simple -jeans, tshirt, kicks, hoodie, fitted. I make my way to the hotel lobby, the butterflies in my stomach growing with anticipation. 

I don't even know if Nicholas is a bottom. I've every man I've been with I've topped, trying to satisfy that Big Black Cock fantasy. I'd bottom, but there's no one that I've met so far that makes me wants to bend over and give up my ass. The fact that I'm even thinking about it makes my dick twitch. 

Maybe Nicholas is the one. I'd bottom for that smile.

I step off the elevator to the lobby, turn left and...my breath leaves my body. How does one man make jeans look so good? He's dressed just as casual as I am, but he wears it like an Ozwald Boateng suit. Damn he's fine. I was right, his ass is just as nice as the rest of him. He turns as I approach. 

"I see you're early. What's up Nicholas?" I smiled. "Hey Cecil, I can't help it. Early is on time. Glad you could make it." He smiled back at me and leaned in for a bro hug. I took that hug...damn he's solid. And he smells good. I probably held on too long, but fuck it. He's hot. I really don't need my dick to get hard right now. I reluctantly let go. 

"My mates couldn't make it tonight, so it's just you and me, if that's okay." He looked a little anxious standing there biting his lip, but I couldn't figure out why. I get him all to myself. 

"That's totally okay. Let's go". With that we make our way to the South Kensington tube station, and 30 minutes later we're in Clapham. We find the pub, get seated, order, and find ourselves in a secluded table but open enough for the trivia to come later. 

"So, what's your favorite movie?" asked Nicholas. On the ride over we found that we shared a love of British gangster movies, and had seen most of them. Just one more thing we have in common. 

I drank my beer, celebrating my first real pint in a London pub. "That's easy, Layer Cake. Daniel Craig as Mr X? So good. I've seen it so many times I know the dialogue by heart."

"I can't even hear Duran Duran anymore without thinking of Morty pouring that coffee pot on Freddie's head," Nicholas said, digging into his fish and chips. "And the flashback with Crazy Larry?" 

"FUCKING FEMALES IS FOR POOFS!" We said in unison, probably a little too loud. We laugh, and I feel really comfortable with him. I like this guy. 

"Are you a poof, Nicholas?" I had to know, and I didn't want to beat around the bush. 

"If you're asking if I fuck females, the answer is no. When I younger and trying to figure out my sexuality, I had sex with two girls, but I quickly figured out that girls did nothing for me. What about you Cecil? Do you fancy pussy?" Nicholas asked, looking at me with an amused challenge in his eyes. 

"I have had my share of girls -I identify as bisexual. But the older I get the more I've come around to Crazy Larry's way of thinking. A woman isn't what I want anymore." I took another swallow of beer, holding Nicholas' gaze. When did it get so hot in this pub? My dick is feeling tight in my jeans. 

"So, what do you want mate?" Nicholas asked. 

"I want a man who gets me, not some stereotype of what they think I should be. I want it all, romance, fun, dates, and good sex. I want to be free to be me. What about you?" I can't believe I just put it out there like that, but in for a penny, in for a pound. 

"I hear you about stereotypes. Most people see me and think I'm submissive because I'm Asian, and that they can walk over me. They learn quickly that they are bloody mistaken", Nicholas said, looking annoyed. "But I want the same as you - someone who will accept me for me, and really good sex." He smiled that smile then, making my dick get excited. I shifted in my seat. 

"Do your parents know you're gay?" I asked. "My sister knows that I like men. My dad doesn't know, but that's going to change once I get back to the states. I don't think he'd have a problem. He would want me to be happy and a good accountant."

Nicolas laughed. "My parents don't know yet. I think they'd want me to be happy more than anything. I'm their only child, so they're already pestering me for grandchildren. And yeah, they'd want me to be a good accountant."

Our conversation flows freely. I learned that Nicholas collects watches and really wants to travel; I told him about my love of music and how I wanted to get into politics one day. We both play tennis, run, and like to spend time in the gym. Time passed like it was nothing. Soon it was time for trivia, and the announcer stepped up to his booth. 
