 Author's note 1: This is part two of a spinoff of the incest story "Operation Fuck Me Daddy" and the second part of a trilogy. While it's not necessary to read the incest story first (it would be nice if you did), it is VERY necessary to read London Calling Part One. There's no incest in this story. This is the first gay male story that I've written, and I hope I've done it justice. This story will alternate POV's by chapter. One last thing -the title of each chapter is comes from a song written by an English artist or group -some are easy, some are not. Leave your guesses in the comments and don't forget to vote - keep in mind that I'm an artist, and I'm sensitive about my shit! love, cg74

Author's note 2: Thank you to BrookUK for convincing me to take a little bit of artistic license with the British peerage system. CTID! 

Author's note 3: For the Professor. Peaches and Oranges. 

Author's note 4: This chapter contains some very nasty racial language. If this offends you, please skip this chapter.

*****

CHAPTER 20-HAMMER OF THE GODS!

SIR IV & THE VISCOUNT

"Sir Wallingford, I'm so sorry. I felt like I had no choice. He knew my family situation and how much I needed this job. This is all my fault, and I had to tell you. Please forgive me." 

Sir David Wallingford IV fixed an icy glare on Smythe, a junior associate in the auditing department of his company. The department headed by his childhood friend, Desmond Grayson, the 6th Viscount of Grayson. 

Maybe he'd have to rethink the use of the word friend as it applies to Desmond. 

"So Smythe, let me make sure I understand. Viscount Grayson asked - no, he demanded -that you take a picture of Cecil and Nicholas being intimate on company property so that he could get them sacked?"

"Yes Sir." 

"And when you couldn't get said picture, you Photoshopped a picture, on the order of Viscount Grayson, to give to me, because he said you would lose your job if you didn't, and you waited over a month to tell me what you did?" 

"Yes Sir. I'm so sorry -" 

"Save the apologizes for Mr. James and Mr. Rhee. As for your part in this, you will not lose your job, but there will be consequences. Return to your desk and I will have someone contact you. If you breathe a word of this to anyone, I will throw you out of the building myself. Are we clear Smythe?" 

"Crystal clear Sir. Thank you." Smythe got ready to leave the office when he heard Sir Wallingford call after him. He turned to him again, shrinking at the murderous look on the CEO's face.

"One more question Smythe. Did Desmond say why he did this?" 

"Sir, he did, but he said some horrible things that shouldn't be repeated -" 

"Smythe, you have five seconds or I take back my offer of a job. WHAT DID HE SAY?" 

Smythe put his head down. 

"Sir, he said that niggers, faggots, and chinks like Nicholas and Cecil did not belong in our country and in our company, and that you were weak to allow them here. He was doing his duty to keep them out. Sir." 

Sir IV visibly stiffened as if Smythe had struck him. It almost made Smythe feel sorry for the Viscount. Almost. 

"Thank you Smythe. That will be all." Smythe all but ran out of the door, closing it behind him. 

Sir IV made a pot of tea, the routine act a calming effect on his mind. He knew Desmond was fond of looking down his nose at people, but he had no idea his views had gone this far and this wrong. 

He thought of Desmond's mother and father, who love him so much. This would kill them.

He thought of his own cousin Jake, living in America, married to a Black woman and parents to his godchildren. He'd spoken to Jake about Cecil after he was sacked and he balked at showing any special treatment.

He thought of Darla and Charlie - his sexpot girlfriend and twink boyfriend - all living together and happy. 

He thought of the night at Fabric when Cecil and Nicholas sent him a bottle of gin to VIP - he couldn't remember the last time he was given something instead of people expecting him to pay because of his wealth. 

He thought of the look on Cecil's face when he told him that he was sacked. 

And lastly, he thought of Desmond. His hatred putting all of this in motion. He must pay. And he knew exactly what to do. 

He spent the next hour with his admin - calling various department heads, setting things in motion. He crafted a statement to be released to the public. He was ready for Desmond. 

"Could you have the Viscount Grayson come to my office post haste? And get the next parts of our plan in motion please." 

"Of course Sir. I'll have him sent right up." His admin went out to follow instructions, a huge smile on her face. She never liked the Viscount. 

Ten minutes later, Desmond came in his office. 

"David! This is a surprise. Have you finally decided to join me at the club? I know that -" 

"Sit down Desmond. This isn't a social call." Desmond sat opposite David's expansive desk as David leaned back in his chair, a huge smile on his face. "Tea?" As angry as he was, manners maketh man. 

"No thank you David. What is the bother?" 

Sir IV pulled out the doctored photos Smythe had given him and pushed them across the desk. "You lied to me, Desmond. You bloody lied to me. You had Smythe do this to get James and Rhee fired." 

He watched Desmond pick up the photos, a small bead of sweat trickling down his temple. "I don't understand David. Smythe gave me these photos. If anyone lied it was Smythe. I'm just as much of a victim as you old friend." He offered a weak smile that disappeared when he saw the look of rage on David's face. 

"And you continue to lie to me! To my face Desmond, you lie to my fucking face! I've known you since you were three years old - you think I don't know when you are lying to me? You fucking asshole. Why would you do this?" 

Desmond jumped to his feet, slamming his palms on the desk with righteous indignation. "I did it for you David! I did it for you! The winds of change are coming to our country and people like Rhee and James will not be welcome here. I was doing you a favor. Can't you see that? What are you doing David?" 

Sir IV was around the desk and had his hand around Desmond's throat before he knew what he had done. He only got a hold of himself when he heard Desmond's gurgles and saw his face turning blue. He let him go and Desmond collapsed in the chair, gasping for air. 

"How dare you use me as an excuse for your hatred? None of this was for me you wanker! None of this! Have you forgotten about Charlie - my boyfriend? You were at Jake's wedding to Alicia! Your parents didn't raise you this way! Better yet, did you forget when we were 18 and in our first year at Oxford? Did you forget how you loved it when you sucked my cock and swallowed all of my cum? DID YOU FORGET DESMOND?" 

Desmond sunk back in the chair, rubbing his neck and knowing he was defeated. There was no saving Sir IV, he knew that now. His best plan was to leave. He got to his feet. "I'll have my desk cleared out and my resignation on your desk by end of the day. Goodbye David." 

"Oh no, you don't get away that easily. You are not resigning. In fact, I'm promoting you. Sit down in that chair and let me tell you about your future." 

David regained his composure and went back behind the desk. He passed another sheet of paper to Desmond, watching his face twist in impotent rage as he read it. "I most certainly will NOT do this David. You cannot make me do this!" 

David smiled. He continued on as if he hadn't heard. "Effective immediately, you are no longer senior vice president in charge of auditing at Wallingford Worldwide. Your office has been cleared and your things moved to an empty office on the executive floor - my floor. We'll be roommates in a way. Just like old times." He took a sip of tea as he continued. "Your office will look like any other office, except your access to all company documents, websites, and software has been permanently revoked. Your computer will have internet access. Play solitaire all day if you want. Read the Daily Mail. But you will have no day to day role in my company ever again." 

He picked up the sheet of paper that made Desmond so angry. "This is the press release that will go out this afternoon naming you as our new Director of Diversity and Inclusion. You will be in charge of making my company a more welcoming place for ALL people. Now I don't expect you to do this job to the best of your ability, so my boyfriend Charlie will actually be in charge of the program while acting as your assistant. You, however, will be the face of Diversity for Wallingford all over the world. In fact, that's the only part of my company you will have access to - the diversity website. You WILL attend every single committee meeting, fundraiser, gala, and community center opening. You WILL be a champion for ALL people. You WILL do it with a smile on your face. And you WILL do it until I say otherwise. Do you understand?" 

"And if I don't David, what will you do? I refuse to do this!" Desmond was shaking he was so angry. 

David smiled wider. "I was hoping that you'd ask. Ten years ago your father asked for my help. He was having trouble maintaining the Grayson estate. All of those taxes. All of that upkeep. He was afraid he was going to lose the estate. I bought it and leased it back to him for one pound a year. I pay for the taxes and the upkeep and nobody's the wiser. He wanted you to have the estate because it means so much to you, so I agreed to place the estate back in your name when he and your mother passed on. If you do not do this, I will keep your ancestral lands. As the landholder, I hold the title. I will be the new Viscount. You will lose it all, and I will tell your father what you have done. We don't want that do we?" 

"This is madness! You will not do this! You do not own my birthright! Fuck you David!" 

"Sorry mate, you're not my type." David hit a button on his desk. "Send them in please." As if by magic, two burly men in dark suits appeared in the office, standing on either side of Desmond's chair. 

"Colin and Greg are here to escort you to your new office. Cheers Desmond." He watched as Desmond was hauled out of his chair and lead away, the door closing behind him. 

David took a deep breath. Time to make things right. 

CHAPTER 21-ONE LOVE, TWO SOLITUDES

NICHOLAS

"Sod off Henry!" I'm sitting in the cafeteria with Henry and Amy, eating lunch. I'm angry about something but I'm not sure what it is. The days are blending together now that Cecil is gone. I pick at my salad. 

"Nicholas, you can't keep going on like this. You're gonna get sacked! Amy, talk some sense into him, please." 

Amy shook her head. "I tried Henry. I think he wants to get fired." 

"I should be fired. Mags got fired. I should be sacked too." 

The only reason I still work here is because of my mother, but being here without Cecil is torture. 

I found out he was sacked and before I could even talk to him he was on a flight back to the states. I've called him so many times. I've left so many text messages and emails. He never answered. He just left me here. It's been over a month and I still feel incomplete, like my left arm is missing. I wonder if he feels the same. The not knowing is driving me crazy. 

I've been taking it out on anyone who tries to help me. I know it's wrong but I can't help it. For the past month I've been a grade A arsehole. I don't know why Amy and Henry have continued to stick by me, but here we are. They're being my mates, and I'm being a wanker. They deserve better. 

"I hear Grayson was called into Sir IV's office yesterday and there was yelling. Anyone know what's going on?" Henry has been on a mission to prove that Grayson was behind Cecil's dismissal from our program. I knew it in my gut but I couldn't prove it, and he's Wallingford's childhood friend. No chance that he gets sacked. 

"Fuck Grayson. I hope he suffers for what he's done." Amy hasn't talked to Cecil either. She misses him just as much as I do, and she blames Grayson. 

They talked about Grayson while I tuned them out. None of it matters unless Cecil comes back, and that doesn't look like a possibility. My pocket buzzed; I had an email. 

Dear Nicholas (or should I say Posh?), 

You don't know me, but I'm Cecil's sister. He doesn't know I'm sending this email. 

I'm contacting you because I wanted you to know that Cecil is miserable without you. When he got home from London last month he went up to his room, and save for showering and food, he hasn't left the house or left his room. Nothing that my dad or I do can get him out. When I go up and talk to him all he does his talk about his Posh with a sad smile on his face. He feels like he failed you Nicholas, and he can't face the fact that you might be disappointed in him. I don't know what happened at your job, but what I do know is that he loves you. It is breaking my heart to see him like this, and I think you are the only person who can help. 

I know it's asking a lot of you, but can you come here and see him? If you can't get him out of his room, no one can. Our address is at the bottom of this email. I can't wait to meet you. 

Take Care, 

Gina James

I stared at my phone, reading Gina's email over and over. Cecil loves me. He needs me just like I need him. I'm going to get my man. 

"Nicholas? Is that from Cecil?" Amy looked concerned. I handed her my phone so she could read the email. She gave it back with tears in her eyes. "When are you leaving?" 

"As soon as possible. I need to go talk to my mum, but I'm going to get him out of that room, and if that means I lose my job, then so be it." I stood from the table to put away my trash and almost bumped right into Sir David Wallingford IV. Sir IV, the big boss himself. "Excuse me. I didn't see you there. I'm sorry." 

"No worries Mr. Rhee. I actually came here to see you. You mind walking up to my office with me?" He turned towards the doors because he knew I would follow. All eyes were on me as I walked behind him out of the cafeteria and to the private elevator just for Sir IV and other executives. I stepped in and watched as he punched the button to the top floor. In seconds we were on the executive level. We stepped off the elevator and into his office. "Have a seat Nicholas." I sat in the plush chair in front of his desk, and to my surprise, he sat opposite me instead of behind his desk. 

"Nicholas, I owe you a massive apology." My mouth fell open - I couldn't help it. "But why Sir?" 

"I was given what I thought was reliable evidence that you and Mr. James had violated the fraternization rule. I found out yesterday that information was incorrect and was created specifically to get rid of you. I fell for it, and I feel like a bloody fool for putting my trust in someone who did not deserve it." His eyes got hard. I knew at once who was responsible. 

"So it was Viscount Grayson. He acted so horribly towards Cecil and me. Why Sir?" 

"Desmond is a racist git, plain and simple. But I promise you I have taken care of the Viscount. He is no longer in a position to be of any influence on any employee of my company. Again, Nicholas, I am deeply sorry about what happened. I do, however, need your help." 

I was shocked. I'd never done anything to Grayson. He did this to Cecil and me because of our skin color. 

Fuck him.

"What can I do Sir?" 

"Well two things actually. I know that you had some interest in the auditing area until you met Grayson, is that correct?"

"This is correct Sir. I wanted to make auditing my area of expertise but the thought of dealing with him was too much."

"Grayson is no longer in charge of that department. If you want to give auditing a second look, I can have you moved to that area. Now that he's gone, I'm doing a top to bottom reorganization, and they will need new people." 

"Thank you Sir! I'd love to move over to that department. Thank you for the opportunity." 

"My pleasure. Secondly, have you talked to Cecil?" 

I lowered my head. Tears came to my eyes. Stiff upper lip be damned. "Sir, I've contacted him every day since he left. I've called, emailed, and texted. I've heard nothing. Then today I got this." I showed him the email from Cecil's sister. He handed me the phone back, his expression thoughtful. "Sounds like he's just as miserable as you are Nicholas. What are you going to do?" 

"I was on my way to see my mum to let her know I was about to make a large purchase on her credit card. I'm going to America as soon as possible. I love him. If that means that I lose my job, then I lose my job. But I'm leaving hopefully tomorrow." 

Sir IV smiled. "I think can help with that." He hit a button on his phone. "Could you get a corporate card for Nicholas Rhee ASAP? Thanks." He turned back to me. "See my admin on your way out and we'll take care of the arrangements for your flight tomorrow. Also, I'll have a corporate credit card sent over to your place by courier. Your expenses for this trip are on me. Don't worry about your job - it will be here when you get back. I am giving you two weeks to get Cecil back here so I can apologize in person and offer him his job back. If you have any issues contact my admin, and keep her apprised of your progress." 

I was stunned. 

"Sir Wallingford...I don't...I don't what to say. Thank you so much." 

David stood and offered his hand for me to shake, which I did. "It is the least I can do. Don't think I forgot about that bottle of gin at Fabric." We laughed. "And when we're here, call me David. Now go get the man you love and when you get back I'll have the two of you over for dinner. My boyfriend and girlfriend ask about you and Cecil all the time. Now off you go!" 

"Thank you David. Thank you!" I shook his hand again and I felt like I was floating on air as I walked out of the office. I stopped at his admin's desk and she got me booked on a flight leaving at noon tomorrow. First class! Sir IV - I mean David - doesn't half ass. 

I stopped at my Mum's office to let her know what was going on, and then to see Amy, who hugged me so tight I thought I would stopped breathing. 

"Nicholas! OH EM GEE! This is like a romantic comedy! You and Cecil are the lovers who need to be together, Sir IV is the fairy godfather, and I'm the funny best friend. I love it!" She finally let me go. "When are you leaving?" 

"I leave tomorrow half day. I'm on my way home now to pack and pick up a few things. I'm so nervous." 

"Honey I know, but you love him and he loves you. Are you going to tell his sister you're coming?" 

"I feel like she might tell Cecil and then he'll run. I'm just going to show up."

"Okay. Call if you need me. Now go! Go get your happy ending!" 

I finally leave the Shard and take the Tube to pick up a few items and that's when I see it. This will prove to Cecil that I love him. If it doesn't nothing else will. I make the purchase that will change my life. 

**************************************************************

I'm in awe as I ride in the back of the Uber on the way to Cecil's house. Americans have so much space. These houses are so big. London could never look like this. 

I got in last night and the time change always gets me. I wanted to be fresh when I got to Cecil, so I did what all the travel articles tell you not to do and I went to sleep. I woke up feeling better. Nervous, but better. 

I thought again about contacting Cecil's sister, but I'm here now. Might as well go for it. I get to his house and I can't knock on the door. Why can't I knock on the door? 

I sit down on the stoop, trying to get myself together, when a car pulls into the driveway. That has to be Cecil's dad, Marcus. They look so much alike. I can only assume the beautiful girl in the passenger seat is his sister Gina. I stand up quickly and make my way to the car. 
