 Sorry this is so long winded. Let me know what you think of my writing. This is a true story. When I was growing up in a rather conservative town (like every where in the 60s) we only had Playboy and got that from older boys. Of course back then no one talked about homosexuality.

Always had the feelings I guess. When I got in the service and things got a bit looser in society I read it was normal to think about gay stuff from time to time.

Well, I joined up and got sent to Washington DC. Of course just barely 18 and knew everything, lol. Back then the military would kick you out for being gay and in some cases they sent guys to prison for it. (Want to know something stupid, you could get caught in the military sucking cock and say "BUT I'M NOT GAY and they wouldn't kick you out).

So, had to be pretty careful about such things. We would from time to time meet some guy and we knew he was gay but, things were changing a bit in the country in the mid 70s and we kept it quiet. Of course if you didn't really know or couldn't prove it then you didn't want to say anything.

I did have one roommate I thought was odd but, I guess people thought that about me. But, I would mention I had a date with a girl and he would get real upset. Told him I was taking a girl out for the first time and he told me in a haughty tone to not bring her back to our room because he wouldn't leave. Even though I had not said a word about bringing her back.

We had a room that shared a bathroom with another room instead of the common latrine. I was in my bunk and he took a shower and came back in the room. We had a book shelf between our bunks and they gave us some privacy. I rolled over and I could see between the books and stuff and he was jerking off looking at me. I wonder why he didn't do it in the shower a few minutes before. 

It was the first time I saw a guy with a hard on and jerking in real life. Hell, I might of made a play for him if he hadn't of been so ugly and unpredictable plus, I was still into women and fighting with my gay feelings. And like I said the military put guys in prison for gay activity.

Anyway, when I first got to DC a coworker took me down town and back in the 70s just a few blocks from the White House it was a combat zone, hookers, strip joints, adult book stores. He advised me to never come down alone into that part of town. Military guys were easy to spot back then as we were the only young guys with short hair and were a target for getting mugged.

Once a small group of us did go and first we went to this big book store that had more porn than you could shake a stick at. We were going along and I was among these porn novels. I don't know if they have them anymore but, these were usually written about the 4th grade level and might have a few porn pics in them. 

I crossed this big aisle and didn't look at the covers at first; I was looking to see where my buddies were. 

They were standing on the other side of the aisle looking at me and laughing. There were two longer haired gentlemen on my side and they looked at me and smiled and me being a friendly West Texas kid smiled back and said "hello" and got a very friendly reply. 

I looked at the book covers and there was a picture of a guy sucking another guy's cock and some sort of gay story. The whole section was gay. I got to admit laying in my bunk that night I got a hard on thinking of the gay pictures.

I quickly looked back up and both men were smiling at me and moving my way. I went back to the other side and my buddies knew what was over there and had some fun with me "crossing the aisle." That got to be our code for awhile of "He crossed the aisle." for being gay.

In Wash DC I was an admin clerk and put in the mail room of HQAFOSI. OSI is basically the Air Force equal of NCIS. We would get crime case files from all over the Air Force and they had a code printed on them telling us what department to send them too. 

We would open some and read them. The very rare murder, suicide, assault, sex crimes. 

We were usually looking for pictures. Amazing the number of dumb asses that would take nude pictures of under age girls or doing gay stuff and leave them out on their bunk or desk for the room inspector to find.

One day I came back from a mail run and two of the guys were looking at a case file and laughing. They called me over asking if I wanted to see something interesting. There were a lot of pictures from a gay case file. 

Some idiot got his room inspected and he left out a lot of pictures and these were not the old Polaroids we were used to seeing. This guy used a 35mm and took some quality pictures of a gay orgy!

A dozen or more guys and some were military and some were not, some were middle aged civilians and some were young and I was guessing 18 to 20 years of age.

The younger guys all seemed to be a bit on the submissive side. These guys sure were not getting raped. Everyone had big smiles and the older men sucked their cocks and fucked them. 

One of the young guys in particular was very happy and there were pictures of him getting sucked and him being spitted roasted by just about every man in the room. I couldn't get over how big of a cock one of the older men had and this kid was taking it all in both his holes down to the pubes.

Of course I had to make fag jokes but, at the same time I was trying to keep my dick from getting hard. 

One guy I think that might of been the guy taking pictures as he was only in a few was on his knees and one picture was of him on his knees with just the tip of a guy's cock in his mouth and him smiling up at the guy and the next is the suckee's pubic hair in the photographer's face and his cock all the way down his throat, I was so jealous.

We closed our office at 4:35 and got on a bus at 4:50. Often everyone would leave at either 4 or 4:20 leaving one guy behind to lock up. I volunteered that afternoon and everyone was out the door by 4:20. At 4:30 I closed and locked the door and pulled that file out of the mail.

I looked the pictures over again and this time in great detail and ended up jerking off under my desk looking at them. I really wanted to be the young man getting spit roasted or one of those doing him. I ended up jerking off in my bunk again that night thinking of that party.

Later me and boys went to downtown DC on 14th street and went into one of the porn stores. They didn't have VCRs yet but, did have the 8mm movies and booths in the back of the store. I think back then they only had one movie per booth. Of course the booths had both gay and straight movies and had out takes of the movies on the door.

Now being bi I would look at both but, had to be quick when walking by the gay ones as my buddies were with me and didn't want to get caught looking at them. I assume if one went at a busy time I could of gone in and met guys but, that never occurred to me back then.

I never went to 14th street on my own as it was a rough neighborhood to be in alone. Two of ours guys had been robbed down there and there were always stories in the newspaper about people being rolled or shot or something. Of course I was dumb as dog shit but, I was also chasing girls.

Well, sadly nothing happened on the gay side while in DC. Got shipped off to Texas where I had my first love affair with a woman. Got to experiment a lot with her and at the end fucked her room mate and then I got sent to Alaska outside Fairbanks where there were ten guys for every woman. 

About that time I was reading the old Penthouse Forum and all the bullshit sex stories. Well, one month I was reading it and they had a story about a guy finding out he was gay and sucking his first cock. I once again got to thinking about having sex with a guy; not that it have ever fully left me.

Shortly after Penthouse came out with a magazine called Penthouse Letters and it was all articles of people's sex stories and a few pictures of nude women; I got a subscription!

I was always excited the last week of the month to have it show up because I liked all the stories but, they had a section for gay and bi sex. I would read that section and about rubbed the skin off my dick. I would read those stories over and over again wishing it was me in them.

But, if there was someplace in the Fairbanks area with all the men in the area there was a place to go to meet guys I sure didn't know about it. 

Well, time went by and I moved twice more and went to a few places like public bathrooms to maybe meet someone and it never happened. I was still chasing pussy. If I had a woman to fuck on a regular basis I never gave guys much thought. And the military hadn't started "Don't ask Don't tell." yet. I had the job at one point of typing up transfer and discharge papers for people and I discharged a few gay people. They were often pretty sad because they had lost all of those years with little to show for it. Many didn't even get VA benefits.

So, at one point I got sent back to Montana and wasn't meeting women to save my life and the urge came back. I had let my subscription to Penthouse Letters end but, I could get it at a local book store. I was back to jerking off to men on men stories again.

On the up side VCRs were now in everybody's homes and video stores were opening up. And finally a porn store opened on a side street behind the only strip joint in the area. Wasn't a bad place really, carpeted floors, nicely lite, didn't stink like some places I have been in. All the rental porn movies, magazines, toys in one area and four banks of video booths on four aisles in two rooms. 

They used tokens that had to be obtained from the clerk to use the video machines. At the end of each aisle there was a plastic case showing the movies being played on each aisle. They mixed them up and gay and straight videos playing in each booth.

I was so fucking dumb I didn't figure out guys also went there to hook up with other guys. I always wondered why some guys just seemed to stand around by the plastic case for a half hour or so. When I went into the booth I always closed and locked the door and wondered why guys would try my door when I knew there were plenty of open booths, DUH!

Reading an issue of Penthouse letters one evening though a guy mentioned getting fucked in an ABS booth; finally the light went on in my head.

I went to the store with the intent of getting a guy in a booth but, I lost my nerve and kept the door locked. I went back a few times and sometimes the place would be packed. I couldn't get the nerve up to try a closed door and would still lock mine. Sometimes I would sit in the parking lot and talk to myself and say "OK, this is it. You are going in there and go in a booth with a guy or let one in your booth. Or maybe he will come outside to the parking lot and take you home."

I would go into the store and get so nervous I would have to go to the bathroom and pee. Another time I was in my booth, there were lots of guys around. I locked then unlocked my door and stood there waiting. A minute later I had to leave the booth and almost ran to the toilet and took a dump. All due to nerves.

Well, I was fighting with it and felt I was slowly winning. Sometimes I would go there and another Air Force guy would come in and I would lose it and have to go pee or leave.

Just when I thought I had my nerve all worked up the store put in video cameras and signs saying one person per booth. On top of that they always had a least two people working and the cameras were up by the register where one employee always was. To make matters worse every now and then an employee would walk through the aisle and tell people to close the door and lock it and sometimes yell "One to a room!" or "Two guys in booth 4, get out!"

So, it was back to the start for me. I about decided the whole thing was just a dream. I wasn't going to meet any guys and getting busted by the Air Force and losing everything I worked for wasn't a good decision.

I pretty much stopped going to the ABS. Once every few months I would stop in, maybe rent a straight movie. Go in and watch some gay porn in a booth and get hard and go home and jerk off.

Over time though I noticed that fewer people were going there and the number of employees on a busy night (that I rarely went too anymore) had gone from four to two. Some afternoons in the week I would go to turn in a straight movie and there would only be one guy working.

That lead to one summer day I had to go to the DMV downtown; We all know how long that can take. I was dreading the long line and wait. The boss gave me the afternoon off. I went home to my apartment and changed into shorts and tank top and went to the DMV and much to my wonderful surprise only a few people were there.

Got all my stuff done in under an hour. I had a few more chores to do so took delight in having the rest of the day to goof off. 

Well, my chores took me right by the ABS. I was done with them all and had nothing else to do and had not even thought about going there. But thought I might as well stop by. Maybe rent a straight movie or buy a mag and if all else failed go into the booth and watch some gay porn. The parking lot was mostly empty but, was hard to tell who was where as it was shared with the strip joint and two other businesses. 

As I walked by the video rooms I listened closely and heard nothing coming from the that area. Walked through the videos and mags and then went to the counter and there was only one employee and he had his face in the newspaper. I glanced at the security monitors and it looked like all the booth doors were open. So, I figured I was the only customer. I got some tokens and the employee went back to reading his paper.

I went back and started down and aisle and I could hear one machine playing a video but, couldn't tell what booth it was coming from and all the doors were open. As I walked by the second booth I saw a guy standing there and he appeared to be looking outward.

I passed by but, thought well, he doesn't have his door shut and he was looking towards the door. Now in all fairness some guys left the doors open because it was cooler inside the booths that way.

It quickly ran through my mind, no one else here, only one employee and he isn't watching the monitors. 

So, on a lark I took a few steps backward and looked into the booth. The guy was looking right at me, he too was wearing a tank top and shorts but, his shorts were pulled to his knees and he was holding at the time what I thought was the biggest cock I had ever seen but, turned out to be average; I guess I was just very excited.

Behind him on the screen a gay movie was playing but, I have no idea what it was now but it told me what I needed to know. 

He said "Please come in" but, I stopped. My nervousness was flooding back and I wasn't sure what to do. I really didn't want my first cock to be in one of the these booths and I didn't want to get caught coming out of it later with a guy. I asked him, do you have some place else we can go?

He came out of his booth and we went to the parking lot and made introductions. He was about my height and weighed a little less. He told me he had a cleaning job at a nearby office and we could go there unless someone was there. I told him I couldn't risk getting caught.

He thought for a second and said "well, I own an empty house about a mile from here." I said fine I would follow him. We got in our vehicles and took off. I was behind him nervous as hell and coming up to an intersection I could of easily turned off and went home.

Have you ever seen the silly movies where an angel appears on one side and devil on the other. Well, with me it was sort of like that. One saying go home and the other saying go on and follow him. Then one voice said "This is your one chance and if you turn off you may never get another and you will regret it for ever if you do." And like that the nervousness was gone!

I followed him to his empty house. We went up stairs where it was a bit hot but, ok other than that. There was bed with no covers and some furniture and a standup mirror close to the bed.

I can't recall his name to save my life. I told him I had never been with a guy before and he seemed understanding but, he also told me he was short on time. 

Funny how I would get so nervous I would have to go shit and now I was not nervous at all. I think I surprised the guy how quick I dropped my shorts and pulled off my tank top. He did the same and we got on the bed in a 69.

Turned out his dick wasn't big and maybe I was just excited at first and not use to seeing other guys all hard. I sort of kissed around his pelvis like one of girls use to do to me and it drove me wild and thought it would do the same to him. I pulled back finally and eye to eye so to speak with my very first cock!

He was about half hard and I finally opened my mouth and sucked him in. I had seen a lot of porn and had dated a lot of women. Some enjoyed giving head and many didn't but, I used everything I had ever seen in a movie, read in a book, or had done to me and he seemed to be enjoying it!

He was stiff as a brick and moaning a lot and once asked "you sure you have never done this before?" I think about that time I scrapped the side of his cock with my teeth and answered that question. 

But, I licked his wonderful cock up and down with my tongue and all under the hood rim. I forced it into slit. I licked all the way down to his taint and balls and sucked and licked them and then back up and sucked him in until I gagged; I did that a lot. I was so amazed how something could be hard and soft at the same time.

Finally I realized that he was sucking my cock. Don't know how I missed it but, guess because I was so focused on sucking him. Damn! He knew what he was doing! I raised up a bit and stopped sucking and looked over and I could see his face sucking my cock in the stand up mirror. What a turn on!

But, after a minute or two he reached up and grabbed my head and pushed me back down. I went back at him sucking him all the down and backup never letting his cock out of my mouth. I was having a great time.

Suddenly he stiffened all over. No announcement or warning he just flooded my mouth with sperm and let out a loud moan. To be honest I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do. The taste was funny of course, tart, salty and finally I just swallowed it down. He gave me a few good squirts. Finally, I was a cock sucker!

He collapsed on the bed and lay there. Both of us were sweating up a storm due to the summer heat and I was still hard as a rock and nothing was being done about it. After a minute or two he said "I really need to get going." I got off the bed and I guess like any virgin I had to ask "How was I?"

He smiled at me and said "You said this was your first time to suck a guy? You sure seemed to know what you were doing." You really got me going. I had been standing and got down on my knees and moved toward his cock and asked if he wanted to give me more practice. But, he pushed me away and told me he had to get to his job cleaning that office building he wanted to go to before.

We were walking down the stairs and he asked "Think you will do this again?" Hell, if he had said "drop your pants I want to fuck you here on the stairs I would of let him." I told him I didn't know though.

I don't know why I never asked for his phone number. We went our separate ways. I went home and showered and laying in bed that night I had my regrets for a time but, considering I also had a case of blue balls I ended up jerking off thinking about the guy and the blow job I gave and got that day. The feel of the hardness, the taste of the sperm.

I also thought that I had done it so, that was it the craving would never return. I was wrong, it came back and stronger than ever.
