 Carl called me the next day. We had one of those old friend talks that was somehow more. He told me about his family, wife and 3 daughters, in Colorado. I told him about the different women I'd dated, confessing that he was the only guy I'd ever been with, or person I ever wanted to please so much. He told me that he had been with one other guy from my class, that like me, had become hypnotized by his impressive cock. 

Carl: Marc watched me from the shower bench. We seemed to be alone, so I put on a sudzy, stroke off show for him. I think he had prior experience, because little Marc took the hint, dropping to his knees, and like you, almost no gag reflex. He was doing great with his tongue/hand pleasure bath, looking up so submissively, when suddenly Marc stopped, turned around, and offered me his ass. He begged me, Please Carl, pop my cherry. How could I turn him down, especially when he had the same little bubble butt that you have?

Me: So you fucked his ass? What did it feel like? Has anyone ever fucked you? he he, Sorry Carl, I'm just curious... and I want to please you. I love your cock, he he, yup, that's it, I do want to know, because I think I want you to do that to me.

Carl: Do what to you? it felt incredible, like my cock was being milked, and yes, a long time ago.

Me: I want you to fuck my tight, virgin asshole, and cum deep inside me.

Carl: Wow, yes, I've wanted to fuck that ass of yours since we met, but I'm still leaving tomorrow, so, how about I come right over? By the way, Marc lives in the area. We used to go down into his basement bedroom, after he moved back in with his folks. I told him about you and me, one night to turn him on. He told me that he'd always wanted to kiss you, because of your full, cocksucker lips. That is, if you want to make it a 3 some, that might leave you both with a 2 some. I talked to him, and he isn't seeing anyone. He's been hitting the gym hard too, and even does some department store clothes modeling ad work for the marketing firm he's a partner in. 

(with a grin in my voice)Me: Ooow really, I never thought he was gay, or even bi, he always was hanging out with hot women. But now that I think about it, I do remember catching him staring in my direction in the locker room a few times. Ha, ha, Even though I'm jealous, that is hot that he was your obedient fuck puppy. I'll gladly kiss him, if that's all he wants, he he. I'll call in sick, I know a campsite that has truck camper slots, and I need to break my camper in. Have Marc meet us out at the old Cherry Peak campgrounds. I'll pick you up in my GM hunting camper, it's even camo.

Carl: I sent him a text with the news. He's in with a grin.

I called in sick, then slipped out to my camper, parked 2 blocks away. I'd lost my hetro virginity to my older sisters' best friend, while we were on a family camp out. Joanne had tagged along, and caught me jerking off during a late night short hike. She watched me, until she suddenly replaced my hand with hers, then without a word, swallowed my shaft with her incredible mouth. That affair continued until she left for grad school, and now I was about to be on the receiving end of a 3 some. To say it was hard to drive is an understatement. 

Carl jumped into my truck when I stopped. He didn't kiss me, but when he notice my hardon, he freed me from my zipped prison, and joined me in a casual, mutual hand job. The camping area wasn't too far.

Carl: Wow, so hearing about Marc got you going, didn't it?

Me: Yeah, it did. Marc was the only other guy that I've ever been attracted to, and I actually run into him all of the time. I never imaged he liked guys. Just thinking about you doing him turned me on completely. I want you to pop my cherry, but the idea of making out and fooling around with Marc is like sweet whipped cream on top of a banana nut sundae.

As my truck entered the long wooded drive up to the camp, I pulled off into a secluded spot, and kissed Carl, until I felt his cock hit my stomach, and I swallowed him into my hungry mouth. I also slid a finger towards his manhole, and like before, my probing and wicked tongue, were soon rewarded by multiple heavy spurts. I had been looking up at him proudly, as he begged me to not stop, until he finally stopped twitching, completely stiffened, then finally going soft in my cum filled mouth.

Carl, Wow, that was amazing.

Without a word, I rose, mischievously licked my lips clean, and kissed him, sharing the orgasmic cream that he fed me. We made out for a few minutes, then drove to the rental office, where Marc was waiting in his brand new champagne silver VW Bug. As he got out, we causally talked. I suddenly noticed his effeminate features; his perfect hair, manicured, jewelried, well-kept hands, the passive, almost submissive tone of his voice, his very intimate gaze. As Marc and I made eye contact, it was magnetic, like he could see every perverted fantasy I'd lived and dreamed about. 

I quickly rented a space that I knew would be secluded, and we all left for the nearly 2 mile dirt road drive. Reaching the secluded camp site, we met for a spontaneous group grope kiss fest. As much as I wanted Carl to pop my cherry, I was curious about Marc. I had wondered what it would be like to be with him, but never imagined ever going through with asking him out, and here he was, squeezing and fondling and flirting with me. 

While our clothes stayed on outside, I broke free and started a campfire, it was fall, and even though we were all turned on, there was a recent cold snap. Carl grabbed the beer and bourbon from my camper cooler, as the fire slowly warmed us.

Marc: Tom, I never would have guessed you liked cock, if Carl hadn't told me

Me: So if you knew, why didn't you say something? You have no idea how many times I've wanted to hit on you, but I was afraid that you wouldn't be into it.

Marc: So that explains why you were staring at me in that Save a Lot. I wanted to, I did, but you're, Tom Shot. Everyone knows you date young barflies. I figured you were just curious in college. 

Marc reached over and forcefully pulled me into his muscular chest, our hard cocks repeatedly rubbing through our cargo pants. Carl moved in behind me, his cock freed, as his warm, throbbing flesh slid up my t-shirt against my back, I unconsciously relaxed into him. As I felt its destined weight, I willingly undid my belt and dropped my pants. 

Marc sat back on a camping chair to watch my deflowering. I popped the top on the tube of lube I brought and turned to see Marc sucking on Carl's throbbing flesh. I leaned in and helped, with Marc and I kissing, then sucking and licking Carl's enormous shaft. We stopped as i brought the lube out. While I greased up Carl's cock, Marc buried his tongue deep inside my asshole, causing me to jump, as I handed him the lube. His fingers slid inside of me, over and over, first one, then two, then somehow, three.

We moved into the camper for comfort. I found myself suddenly so submissive with both of these familiar friends. Carl pushed my big frame against the wall and kissed me, as Marc began to masturbate in a nearby beanbag chair. He massaged my stiff cock, pulling it against his own lubed shaft. As he squeezed my flexing ass cheeks, his thick fingers found my willing, well lubed rosebud. I pulled back a bit, my face going crimson and asked him: 

Me: Carl, please fuck me? 

He just smiled, kissed me and slowly finger fucked my loosening, virgin hole. We continued to kiss and I felt his beautiful beast throbbing, as he laid me on my back and raised my ass up with a few pillows. My throbbing asshole relaxed, as his fingers lubed me up me even more for his raging hard cock. Marc continued to stroke his own impressive 7 incher, while slowly, and quite painfully, Carl pushed his plum sized cock head inside of my willing ass. 

I was lost in emotion and a warm, almost tingly, yet exquisitely painful feeling, slowly, I relaxed onto him. I smiled up at him, as I raised my ass up towards his thrusting hips. Carl smiled back, never getting completely inside of me, but half way there, he began to slowly fuck me. Marc came over and shoved his cock into my willing mouth, reaching over and stroking my cock in return. 

Marc: Tom, you're lips feel even better than I imagined. Now suck on my cock, Baby, like you've wanted to for too long.

Carl: Isn't Tom's mouth divine? You should feel his tight ass, Marc. You want Marc to fuck you, right Tom?

I stopped sucking Marc only long enough to submissively answer.

Me: Sure, Carl, I'll do whatever you want me to do. Just wash your cock before you shove it in my mouth. I'm not a fan of the taste of lube

I could feel Carl begin to twitch inside my ass as he began fucking me deeper and harder, as I swallowed Marc's precum dripping shaft. As Carl started cumming, I could no longer suck on my Marc's cock, and focused on Carl's orgasm. My asshole was filled with his cream, as his finally soft shaft spilled out of my burning hole. Marc shoved his cock into my mouth once more as he kissed Carl, then he licked Carl's cock clean, before taking his position. 

Marc: Tom, roll over, I want you on your knees

Me (smiling, my cock still hard): Whatever you want, Sir.

I rolled over as Marc lined up behind me, playfully slapping my ass. Of course, Carl couldn't resist turning me into a set of chinese finger/cock cuffs. After being broken in and stretched by Carl, Marc's cock popped right inside, and began hitting some spot deep inside of me that made my own cock jump with every deepening stroke. 

Marc: Tom your ass feels better than any pussy ever could, Oh Baby, I'm going to cummmm!!

My whole body shook as I felt Marc's orgasm, sending a shock wave through my body, over flowing my asshole. I continued to suck on Carl's cock, until he pulled back, and shoved Marc out of the way. His plum sized head still a bit painful, but welcomed. I began humping back to meet his thrust. Marc's hand reaching then stroking my shaft sent me off, triggering Carl to cum again. 

We spent the next 4 hours, sucking and fucking in every possible combination. In the end, I was used and sore, but happy to admit that I enjoyed guys now as much as I liked women. We spent the next 10 hours sucking and fucking until check out time.

Carl left for his family in Colorado, but Marc and I have become more than just old friends. We've started seeing each other regularly, a bit more than FWBs, a bit less than BFs, butt not much less ;-)>