 Saturday Afternoon

We'd had a late night, so it was only natural that we sleep late. We got up and fished a while before heading into town to run errands and eat. We had a few beers with our late lunch and went back to the lake to spend the heat of the day drinking more beer under the air conditioner. Inevitably the video subject matter turned to porno once again when we'd consumed several more beers. Of course this led after a few minutes, to me being on my knees between Mikes spread legs, trying to give my very best blowjob. 

Grasping his cock at the base, I would suck him completely into my mouth, and slide back up to suck, lick, and nibble on the head before swallowing him and beginning the cycle all over again. After a couple of minutes of this, I moved down to take one of his balls into my mouth. Gently sucking and caressing with my tongue, as I slowly jacked his cock, I released one ball and moved to the other, giving it the same careful attention. When I had him squirming from my attentions to his balls, I moved back up and sucked his dick back in, trying to move my mouth at a steady pace as he began to fuck my face. I placed my hands on his hips and let him slide all the way down my throat. With each thrust, I could feel his balls bounce lightly against my chin and his pubes brush my nose. 

I sucked and licked his cock as it pistoned in and out of my mouth. I let him fuck my face for a few more minutes then let his cock pop free of my mouth. I looked up and told him I wanted it in my ass again, before lying back on the floor and spreading my legs to expose my asshole for him. Mike moved between my legs and grabbed the lube, placing a generous amount on and in my ass, before moving up over me and placing his cock at my crack. I reached down and grasped him, moving it slightly so it was at the center of my asshole. He pushed, sliding into me easily and didn't stop until he was all the way in, his balls resting against my bottom. Pausing for only a brief moment, Mike started to fuck me as I tried to spread myself open even further for him.

Slowly while he slid in and out, he reached under one knee at a time and placed my legs on his shoulders. He buried himself in me repeatedly, balls bouncing off my butt each time. I felt so slutty lying there, spread open for him to use as he saw fit. Mike sensed this and began to hammer away at my asshole as he neared climax. I was getting so turned on by the feel of his cock moving in and out of me, that I began to clench my ass and move it up to meet him as he slid back inside over and over. He began to slam me and moaned as his balls released their load into my ass again, remaining buried after one last thrust so I could feel his cock pulsing inside as it filled me with his cum. 

I milked him with my ass, trying to get all of his hot sperm. After a few moments, he moved back letting his still hard cock slide out of me, and slowly lowered my shaking legs. Once again I could feel his jizz running from my still grasping hole, so I reached down and gathered it on my fingers as it continued to ooze out, and rubbed it on my cock. I began to jack off, stopping every few strokes to add a little more cum from my ass. I felt my orgasm nearing and turned my full attention to the task at hand, speeding up as my breath quickened and I involuntarily began to move my hips. I was so turned on, the first spurt from my cock landed on my forehead! I continued to jerk myself and opened my mouth in case I got lucky as I felt the next load spasm its way through my cock. It turned out to be my lucky day as a big glob of cum landed mostly in my mouth, stringing down across my chin and neck, followed by a half-dozen more of diminishing strength and distance. I slowed to a twitching, sweaty stop and lay catching my breath, as I ran my hand across my stomach and chest, smearing the cum around, making myself jump slightly as I ran a slimy finger across my nipples.

I caught my breath, got up and staggered into the shower and quickly washed the sticky mess from my body. After drying off and putting my shorts back on I went back down stairs to the beer, kicking back and fishing, determined to recover enough for another round later on. But this time I had a plan. An idea had occurred to me as I was cleaning up. I had thought to bring my laptop and digital cam with me, and was determined to take a few souvenir pictures to remember the weekend.

Saturday Evening

I had set up my camera on a tripod on the floor and lowered it until it was level with the edge of the bed making sure it was focused properly. My laptop was on the bedside table, turned so that I could see and reach it easily. I went back to the sofa where Mike watched the movie and sat next to him. I lazily reached over and began to rub his dick through his shorts. He responded by raising his ass and pulling them completely off, along with his briefs. Seeing this I slithered to the floor and moved between his spreading legs, moving down to lick and suck his balls before moving up to suck his cock down my throat. It wasn't long before I had him completely hard again, moving his hips up to fuck my face. I moved back and released his cock, watching it spring back up to smack wetly on his stomach, stood up and headed for the bed with Mike close behind.

He looked at the cam and raised his eyebrows as I explained that we were only going to have close-ups, no faces. He just grinned and asked what I wanted him to do. I had him lay on the bed with his ass right at the edge and placed my cam between his legs, the main focus being on his hard cock. When I was satisfied, I moved onto the bed, straddling him and sliding back, watching as my ass came into contact with his cock and into focus on the screen. What an incredible turn on!! I could feel his hard throbbing cock touching me as I watched it on the screen of my computer! I wasted no time, snapping a picture as his cock rested there against my asshole. 

Mike added a little more lube at my request then held his cock motionless as I sat back onto it, sliding down slowly as I snapped away with my cam, until I had taken him all the way in me once again. I moved up doing the same thing, taking pictures as his hard prick stretched my asshole and slid back out. I paused here and reached back, moving the camera even closer until my cock-filled ass was all you could see. I remained still and asked Mike to fuck up into me, he began slowly to slide upward and you could see the edges of my asshole clinging to his cock, being pushed inward until he was buried inside me, then as he slid out, the inner pinkness grasping and sucking him until only his cock head remained inside, then he'd slide back in again, starting to develop a rhythm. Each thrust was a little deeper and a little faster as I urged him on. I held as motionless as I could, letting Mike pummel me from below as I watched on my computer screen.

It was the most erotic thing, It was like I was watching myself in a porno movie! As his breath got faster and his thrusts harder I began to work my ass on him and tell him how much I wanted his cum in my ass. This did it for him and he grabbed my hips and slammed up into me, remaining there as his balls emptied into me once again. Of course I was busy snapping pictures as the opportunity arose. As he spurted up into me I was shooting away and after he stopped moving, I eased up just a small bit and took pictures of his cock in my ass, the sperm flowing back down out of me to coat his cock and balls, before moving up to release him and take a shot just as his dick pops free and the cum oozes back out of my gaping asshole. 

I rolled off of him and onto my back, stroking my cock as I felt the first load shoot out onto my face and chest. I slowly continued to stroke as I came and stopped after a moment, breathing hard and rubbing my sperm into my skin with my free hand. I fell asleep like this and awoke in the middle of the night with the sticky mess now dried and matted in my pubes, my asshole tender, still slimy, and feeling very well-fucked. I just smiled as I walked slowly to the shower to rinse it all off, knowing that we'd have more "fishing" trips in the future. I'll be sure to write about it so that you can share the adventure with me. We're thinking of bringing a friend with us on the next one!