 Over the past year I have started thinking about men. My time with women hasn't worked out very well and thoughts of men have entered my mind. I had no idea on how to go about it. I see ads online, but I would rather meet first and talk if I could. I decided to go to a gay club one weekend. It was more to check out the lifestyle than anything else. 

That Saturday night I entered a local club some miles from where I live. There didn't seem to be much going on, to be honest. A couple of guys were drinking beer at the bar. That was it. I ordered a draft and sat down at a table. I didn't have to wait long until a man walked up to where I sat.

"Mind if I join you?"

I didn't mind at all. This guy was a few years older than me and was good looking in my book. He pulled up a chair and told me his name was Chris.

"It's your first time here, isn't it?" He asked me.

I said it was. Chris said he hadn't ever seen me before and he knew most of the regulars.

"Are you having thoughts about the gay lifestyle?" He asked.

I think my face got red. I told him that men had been on my mind lately. Chris smiled and asked if I wanted to go to his place for a talk. I was sure Chris had more than talking on his mind, but I said sure. We left and got into our cars. I followed Chris back to his apartment. When we entered Chris's place he turned to me and pulled me close to his body. I got my first kiss from a man. I could smell his cologne and that kiss turned me on.

"I am sorry, but I am so horny tonight. I just had to do that," he said.

Hell, my cock was stirred in my pants. I just let Chris lead me along. He was soon pulling my shirt off and he managed to get my pants and underwear down to the floor. Chris then stripped down for me. I had to be completely honest. I had never seen a big cock like that before in real life. His dick hung almost to his knees. I was getting a little scared thinking of what he had planned for me. Once we were naked Chris led me back to his bedroom. We got onto the bed and Chris got me worked up.

Chris took my cock in his mouth and was working up and down my root. I am just a normal six inches or so. Nothing like what Chris was packing. After he made my cock hard with his mouth, Chris got onto his knees and he stroked his cock as I watched him. I soon saw what his erect dick looked like. I wanted it, but I was scared of what he was going to do to me.

"Just relax and I will do the rest," he told me. 

Chris reached over for a tube of lube he had on a table. I watched him apply the cream to his dick. Chris then spread my legs and pushed them back to my chest. I held my breath as I felt his mushroom probing my opening. Here it was. I was going to take a man's cock. Chris didn't bother to put a condom on. I was a little concerned, but I didn't want to kill the moment. I felt his head pushing in past my rim. I grunted and moaned as he began to fill my bottom with his cock. 

Damn, did that hurt. Chris went slow as he entered me, but he was so fucking big. I think he only managed to get halfway into me. That was when the fucking began. I had my knees press to my chest as Chris took my ass. He slowly worked his way further into my bowels. I was amazed that I finally had his cock inside me the whole way. I could feel his sacs resting on my ass as Chris stopped to let me catch my breath.

That was when the pounding started. Chris took my virgin hole that night. If that was what being used meant, then Chris used me as his boy toy. I watched as he drove his hips into me. I was somehow taking that enormous prick all the way inside my ass. There was a point where pain turned into pleasure. This is what I had fantasized about all these months. I wanted to be fucked by a big dick and now it was happening. I was so fucking tight. Maybe it seemed like I was milking Chris's cock from the beginning.

"Oh fuck, I need you deep Chris," I blurted out.

Chris pounded me harder if that was possible. I was his bitch that night in bed. I wanted to be used and I got my wish. Chris was pushing into me the whole way, letting me feel how big he was and then pulling out, just leaving the tip of his cock inside me. I think this was his way of turning me into his cock whore. Well it worked. Chris must have fed me for well over an hour there in his bed.

It finally came to the time where I felt Chris's body tense up. I should have told him to pull out, but I needed to feel him explode inside my greedy ass. Chris blew his sticky load into my man pussy. I squeezed his rod as he kept firing more of his goo inside my body. I could feel the heat of his hot sauce as it coated my ass walls. I just held on and let Chris feed me his entire length. Chris lasted far longer than I could have imagined. He must have cum inside me for a good twenty minutes.

Eventually he slowed down and I felt him growing soft. Chris pulled his cock out and rested it on my belly. I looked down to see that snake of a cock still spitting cum on my chest. I thought I might pass out from the fucking I took,

"Did you enjoy your first time?" Chris asked me.

I told him I was wiped out completely. I never suspected that making love to another man was quite like this. Chris just laughed and told me I would enjoy it more once I was accustomed to taking him. I didn't think I would ever get used to a cock of that size. I did stay the night with Chris. The following morning Chris had me again. This time I mounted his pole and rode his huge dick. 

I still had Chris's cream in me and that did make it easier to take. Nonetheless Chris took me hard one more time. As I slammed down onto his cock Chris brought his ass up to meet me. I think I screamed louder this time around as Chris really broke my ass in. I bounced up and down on his pecker as that giant cock abused my ass. Chris did seed me again that morning. I was shocked at how much cum he still had to give me. His load spilled out of my hole when he finally finished up having me.

Chris and I get together on a regular basis now. It looks like there won't be any women in my life for the foreseeable future. I somehow am able to take Chris's cock deep in my ass and that is how Chris wants this lover to handle him.