 Jessie was sitting at the kitchen table in the same place Mac had left when returned to the apartment. Looking around he noticed that kitchen had been cleaned, the lunch dishes put away and a heavenly smell of some type of roast filled his nostrils.

"Do you have someplace you can go Jessie? After tonight you won't be able to stay here any longer." He shook his head that he didn't. "I can call Mr. Sedwick and see if he can take you in." Jessie looked forlorn as he shrugged noncommittally. "What about Mr. Liebacker."

"No please sir, not him. Mr. Liebacker not nice man." I wanted to tell him I understood how he felt, I didn't care for Liebacker either, but I kept my mouth shut. 

"When will dinner be ready?"

"One hour sir."

"Okay, I'm going to make some phone calls. You stay in the kitchen." 

*

Standish had given Mac his card before he left Waldo's. He lifted the receiver from the phone and dialed his number. 

"Mr. Standish Abbott please, Mark McParson calling." He felt it better to keep the police reference off of his name since he was calling the family residence.

Standish came on the line immediately.

"You've changed your mind?" he asked almost too eagerly. Mac could tell he was smiling at his little joke.

"No...sorry, I haven't. But I do have a situation. It seems that Mr. Blunt has a housekeeper, a Spanish boy named Jessie..."

"Yes, I know Jessie.Good boy...knows how to take care of man." A statement that didn't surprise Mac one bit.

"The apartment is sealed and he can't stay here and he's got nowhere to go."

"Oh the poor thing. He is more than welcome to stay at my brownstone apartment. I've told Shelby to leave and took the key back, even had the locks changed. I'll start looking for a place for him after the funeral. I'm sure there is someone from of group that will take him."

'Thank you sir. May I bring him by in the morning?"

"That would be fine. I'll meet you there at say ten?"

"Again, I thank you."

"Now you owe me one Lieutenant. And I promise I will collect one day."

He gave Mac the address of the brownstone and hung up.

*

Dinner was delicious and Jessie seemed content that he was going to stay at Mr. Abbott's apartment, he liked him.

"I will pack my things." He said standing.

"Jessie...until the house is unsealed you can't take anything out of here...I'll pack you a small bag with some change of clothes and toiletries but that is all. Once the police release the apartment you can come back and get your things. I will personally make sure that no one touches anything."

"Thank you Mr. Mac." Jessie said sadly and started to clear the dishes from the table.

It was after midnight. Mac was lying on the sofa relaxing after catching up with Simpson and doing his daily paperwork. They were no closer to an answer. He let out a loud sigh and looked up at the portrait.

"It was an interesting day Loren. I met Standish...my, my what a man he is. I admit fully that I was extremely attracted to him - boy was I attracted to him, between you and I he made me very hard. It would have been very easy for me to...well you know. But I didn't. I will persevere until I find out who cut your life so grotesquely short. Want to know what the biggest problem I have right now? The list of men that were in love with outweighs the list of men that might have wanted you dead. There are only two men that could go either way...Shelby and Liebacker...and they both have plausible alibis." Mac let out another sigh and closed his eyes briefly.

Movement around him forced his eyes back open. He sat up and saw Jessie standing naked in front of him.

"I hear you talk to Mr. Loren and I want to make you feel better." He said in a low sad voice.

"No Jessie, I can't. I'm a police officer, I can't be with you."

"I no tell...I promise. I need to be with someone and you need to be with someone." He knelt between Mac legs and looked at him with his large brown eyes. "Please Mr. Mac. Tomorrow I leave here and I never see Mr. Loren again. Let him watch us together tonight. It will make him very happy." They looked up at the portrait, at a smiling Loren looking down on them and shaking his head once Mac said yes.

**********

Mac -- A Night with Jessie

Jessie took my hand and led me to the bathroom where he started the shower and then turned to me and slowly and removed my clothes. When I was naked we stepped into the shower and for a long moment I just let the water run over me. Jessie had me rest my hands against the shower wall while he soaped up a wash cloth and meticulously washed every part of my body. Neither of us spoke as he dedicated himself to cleaning and making me relax.

When we were done he wrapped me in a large towel and we returned to the living room.

"You sit and I make you cum first with my mouth. It will relax you and make you feel real good." He said. I couldn't help but smile that this little bottom was running the whole show. I reached my hand out and tenderly ran it down his cheek. There was something so simple and uncomplicated to having this wonderful little man sitting between my legs. 

Jessie kissed the palm of my hand and looked at me before he took me in his hands. His small hands seemed dwarfed by my cock. "You nice and big, I like big. I swallow you down my throat -- it be good. I promise." He licked his tongue over the head of my cock. I inhaled deeply and laid my head back on the couch letting him have his way with me. I was silent as he used the flat of his tongue up one side and down the other of my rock hard shaft. His hands kneaded my balls gently and as I grew more relaxed he worked two fingers in me until he found my special spot and started a gentle massage making me to moan involuntarily. This boy knew how to please a man and for a brief second I realized why Standish happily agreed to take him.

Jessie brought me to orgasm quickly and as promised he took my entire length deep in his throat as I bucked my hips off the sofa and came with a force that once again I hadn't expected. Whether it was the sexual tension from the kiss I had shared with Standish earlier or the fact that I hadn't been with a man for close to two months, my body had been yearning for release and Jessie's mouth was giving me exactly what I needed. 

"You cum good." He announced licking and smacking his lips together. "You taste sweet too! You rest a moment and I make you cum again. Then you sleep."

He left the room for a few minutes then returned and had me lie down on the sofa. He stood on the sofa, planting his feet on either side of me and slowly lowering himself onto me. He had lubed his ass and there was very little resistance as I slipped easily into his tight little hole. He looked up at the portrait of Loren and smiled letting himself sink the rest of the way onto me.

"You fill me so good...just like Mr. Loren did." He said in a melancholy tone. "Now I make you feel very very good."

Jessie placed his hands on my chest and began rising and falling on my cock. Each time I felt him stroke deep into me he tightened his anal muscles and released them when he glided up until my cock head was at his anal ring. I reached forward and wrapped my large hands around his waist and started moving him faster on me. He took my lead and soon he was rocking himself on my cock at a brisk pace. This little man knew how to fuck and I suspected that the man looking down on us taught him exactly how to please him. I reached up and pinched his nipples between my fingers. He let out a loud groan and tightened around my cock.

"Yes...more..." he cried grabbing my hands to his chest. He was bouncing on my cock rocking forcefully in and out of him. I twisted his nipples hard and was treated to a chest full of his cum as his cock erupted unexpectedly sending him into a frenzy. He wanted me to cum and was grinding his ass hard on me. I let out a loud groan, arched my back and came hard in him. He slammed himself down tightly against me and began rocking his hips back and forth furiously milking every drop of cum out of me.

I couldn't take it anymore. I needed control. I pulled him into my arms and flipped him over underneath me. He spread his legs out and wrapped them around my waist as I pounded in and out of his ass. I didn't want to mark him, knowing that he was going to another man, but the need to bite him was too strong. I leaned into him and planted my mouth right under his ear and sucked hard. Jessie screamed loudly pulling me tighter to him. His cock exploded a second time sending a vibration all the way to his ass as he continued shooting his load. I felt every pulse of his orgasm as I continued to slam into him. My cock was swelling and I was going to come, I sucked harder, biting down on him and shoved my cock deeper into him at the same moment I shot my load. Tears stained Jessie cheeks as he cried for the man he loved and I held him to me letting him sob in my arms.

I had one of the best night's sleep I had had in a long time with Jessie cradled in my arms. It didn't matter that the sofa was too small. It was just right for the two us to share the closeness and comfort we both needed.

************

Mac woke up to the smell of fresh coffee. He stood and stretched his body which miraculously felt well rest even for having slept on the sofa. Naked he padded into the kitchen to find Jessie who was also naked, setting the table for breakfast. He walked over to Jessie and pulled him into his arms hugging him tightly.

"Thank you" he whispered kissing the top of his head. Jessie seemed to blush slightly before pulling away from Mac.

"You good man Mr. Mac. I hope that I see you again after today."

"I would like to see you again...but you understand...when you go to Mr. Abbott's he might want to keep you as his. He will treat you very well Jessie."

"I know Mr. Mac. He be good man."

"I want you to take my phone number. If you ever need anything you can call me. I promise to always be there for you."

"Thank you sir...I will remember that."

Mac looked at the mark he had left on Jessie's neck. The fresh bite mark was still bright purple, evidence that he had been with someone recently.

"Did Mr. Loren ever bite you Jessie?"

He shook his head that he did. "But never as good as you do." Jessie touched his small hand to the bite mark and smiled, his cock instantly went hard.

"I need for you to tell a little lie if Mr. Abbott asks you about the mark. You can't let him know that I did that. You can't let anyone know that we were together. It would be a very bad thing."

"I promise I won't. I tell Mr. Abbott that while you were out yesterday Mr. Wallace come to apartment and use me."

"Mr. Wallace? Loren's boss?"

"Yes...he come here a couple times and let Mr. Loren let Mr. Wallace use me. Mr. Loren like to watch men use me. I like Mr. Loren to watch me too" Jessie said blushing deeply. "It always make Mr. Loren hard when men use me." 

"Did Mr. Wallace and Mr. Loren have sex together?"

Jessie shook his head that they did. It didn't dawn on Mac until that moment that Jessie knew all the secrets that were within the walls. 

"Mr. Wallace isn't a part of the group?"

"No...he know nothing about the group. Mr. Loren, Mr. Wallace and Mr. Dan they come here sometimes and play together. They go to the dark place."

"The dungeon?" Jessie shook his head.

"Mr. Loren he no like me in there. He not want me to feel too much pain. But Mr. Dan he like much pain. Mr. Shelby too. They both like to scream and scream and scream. Mr. Wallace like to hurt men, he hit me every time he take me. He spank my bottom and sometimes he like to slap my face. He the only man that make me cry when he hit me."

Mac looked at his watch, it was seven forty-five. It was too early for Simpson to be at the precinct. 

"Come here Jessie." He crawled into Mac's lap who held him close to him. "I really want you one more time before we go to Mr. Abbott's." Mac said kissing Jessie's lips lightly.

"Yes, I want you too." He said smiling. Mac made sure that after they had finished Jessie cleaned himself properly so as not to leave any evidence.

*

They drove to Standish's brownstone in relative silence. Mac slipped his phone number to his apartment and to the station in the overnight bag he had packed for Jessie. 

"You call me if you need anything. I will check in with Mr. Abbott and make sure you are doing well. If he places you someplace where you aren't happy you call me and I will come and get you. I don't want anyone to ever be mean to you Jessie, you are a very special person and from now on I will be responsible for you"

"Thank you sir. Thank you for everything. You are very special man also."

Standish was waiting for them in the apartment. They shook hands and Jessie shyly thanked him for giving him a place to live. Knowing his place he silently slipped from the room and headed to the bedroom leaving Standish and Mac alone.

"He's a good man." Mac said to Standish. "He loved Loren very much."

"Did you bite him?" Standish asked not in an angry tone, almost more of a jealous manner.

"No sir, I did not." He said with as much conviction as he could muster. He felt guilty for having to lie, especially to Standish. "When I got back to the apartment yesterday he told me that William Wallace had come to the apartment..." Mac let his voice drift not wanting to go into details.

"Yes. Loren was infamous for letting people use him. I will take good care of him...and I'm not cruel. The most he'll get from me is an occasional spanking." Mac allowed himself a quick second to see the image of little Jessie lying over Standish's lap and smiled as his cock gave a silent twitch of approval.

Standish appeared distant, not like the man he had met yesterday.

"I decided last night to keep Jessie here with me. He will be a good companion for me. I'm slowing down. I can't take the likes of the Shelby Cantrell's of the world any longer. I just need someone to tend to my cock that's all."

"I'm sure he will be good to you and for you sir."

"Thank you Mac. But just to let you know it doesn't diminish the desire I have for you one iota, anytime you are ready I'm here for you. I don't think I need to repeat how much I desire you." Standish stepped close to Mac and drew his hand to the back of Mac's head pulling his mouth to his. Mac didn't fight the kiss. At that exact moment he wanted it just as much as Standish did. Standish sucked Mac's tongue into his mouth letting it dance against him. Pressing his body against Mac's, Standish rubbed his crotch against this man that he wanted so badly.

A slight moan from Standish brought Mac back to his senses and he pulled away. "No...this isn't right...not like this, not right now." He whispered his mouth still close to Standish's.

"I know...but you can't blame me for trying."

Standish took Mac's hand letting it graze lightly over the erection that had grown in his pants. "This is what you are missing out on." Mac's fingers traced lightly against the fabric that covered the hardness that hung low on Standish's leg. "It stays hard for hours and even at my age I can give my lover a bucket full of cum..."

Mac's breath hitched at Standish's words. "Oh please..." he begged, "we have to stop. We can't do this." He was pleading out loud but to himself that they had to stop. He was losing his composure and needed to get it back. Breaking away he stepped back away from Standish. "Be good to Jessie..." was all he said as he turned and walked out of the apartment.

*

Mac sat in his car for a long time getting himself back together. All of his life he had kept his personal life separate from his work life but in the last few days the two were intertwining together in a way he had never imagined they could. He had always been able to control his desires for men but looking up at the window to the brownstone apartment he was overcome with wanting to get out of his car and have Standish Abbott make love to him. 

How could it be that he had an emotional connection with a man that was dead, found that he was caring deeply for a loving and needy little Spanish boy and wanted more than anything in this world to feel his naked body pressed against Standish Abbott's naked body.

"Come on Mac...get your shit together." He said talking out loud to himself. He started the car and headed to the precinct.

It was Sunday and therefore quiet at the station. Mac ran through the hundred of messages that littered his desk. Simpson arrived twenty minutes after Mac and they sat for a long time reviewing their findings.

"I have someone I need for you to interview." Mac said.

"Okay." Simpson said hesitantly, knowing that it was going to be another name he didn't want hear.

"Mr. William Wallace."

"Wallace?" Simpson asked incredulously without saying the two words he was thinking -- 'him too'.

"Yep, I interviewed the housekeeper and he told me Wallace was an occasional guest at the apartment. He was quite the disciplinarian too, like to inflict pain."

"Geez, these men sure lead an odd lifestyle. Do you know that the corner found hair evidence that the deceased had been with at least three different men. They found a reddish-blonde. I'm guessing that was Cantrell's, a dark brown one..."

"That most likely would be the housekeeper. He kept company with Mr. Blunt as well."

"Oh fuck...don't these men have any morals?" Simpson shook his head but went on. "The last hair sample they gathered was pure white. Any ideas?"

Mac shook his head the he didn't, when in reality all he could think about was Standish.

"Liebacker is salt and pepper, it could be his. I haven't met Wallace yet, so I don't know what color hair he has. Why don't you work on getting an interview with him? I'm going to head over to the apartment. I'm finishing up there today and will release it to Sedwick tomorrow."

"I think Cantrell did it." Simpson said not missing a beat.

"Me too." Mac admitted for the first time. "He's the only one with a solid motive."

"Why don't we bring him in and sweat him."

"No...I'm not ready for that yet. I need to build a stronger case first. Let's see what Wallace says. Call me after you interview him."

"Yes boss."

*

The rain was coming down in buckets when Mac left the station. By the time he made his way back to Loren's apartment, parked the car and run to the front door he was soaked. Shaking the water off him in the hallway, Mac hung his hat up and took his thoroughly soaked jacket off but kept his shoulder holster on after checking that his gun was cocked and ready. Mac looked over at the fireplace letting his eyes drift up to the portrait of Loren. A smile touched his lips. He found himself missing him when he wasn't in the apartment and oddly comforted by the portrait when he returned, which he knew in his own way was quite disturbing.

"How about a little fire Loren? Take the chill out of the air -- add some romance to this empty apartment." The apartment felt oddly empty without Jessie there. Mac hadn't realized how close he had gotten to him until he wasn't there anymore. He knew that Standish would make sure he was taken care of and Mac didn't need to worry about that, but there was still a part of him that liked having him around.

Mac made his way to the kitchen and after routing through the fridge made a sandwich from the leftover roast. Instead of eating by himself at the kitchen table he took it over to the writing desk, after pouring himself a scotch, to finish going through the stacks of papers that were now littered across the top. The mail from the day before had produced more love letters. One of the letters was from Shelby apologizing profusely for his transgressions and begging Loren's forgiveness. There was another letter from a mystery suitor. The paper the letter was written on was a fine linen weave and by the bleed through of the ink Mac could tell it was written with a fountain pen. Sitting back in his chair Mac read the letter.
