 "He killed himself Mac. We couldn't reach him at home so we went to the office. Found him dead at his desk. Swallowed a bullet...and Mac there was a note. Short and to the point, 'I DID IT', neatly typed next to the body."

Mac didn't believe it for a minute.

"Describe the scene to me."

Simpson went through everything they found. "The gunshot wound was through the mouth up into his brain. No sign of an exit wound. His fingers were still wrapped around the gun, a 38." "What position was the body in?"

"Forward on the desk. The note has his blood on it."

"He didn't kill himself."

"Mac." Simpson said calmly as he still stood over the dead body. "I'm standing here looking at the man. He's dead. The guard at the front told us no one has come in or out all day..."

"Sit in a chair, take your gun out and pretend you are offing yourself just the way he did. Try and angle the gun in the exact same position he did. Tell me what you feel."

There was silence on the phone until Simpson picked it back up again. "I would have fallen backwards from the angle of my head and the force of the bullet...and the kickback from the gun would have cause me to drop it." Simpson was dead quiet as he thought this newest revelation through.

"There is either a glass of liquor on the desk which I'm sure is spiked or you are going to find he was knocked unconscious before the murderer fed him the bullet."

"There is a drink on the desk, I'll have it checked out...fuck Mac...this is getting bad. Maybe it wasn't a jealous lover, maybe it had something to do with the business."

Simpson was always in awe how Mac could logically think through a murder scene and know immediately cause and effect. The fact that he was across town and didn't even see the body impressed him even more. "No...it was jealous lover. Someone killed Wallace and left the note for two reasons; one was to make us think he did it figuring that we'd jump at the opportunity to close the case because of the circumstances and the other was because we are getting too close to him and he needed the attention off himself."

"Yeah, I guess you're right."

"Lock and seal the office. No one goes in or out until the case is closed. Post a police officer outside the door."

"Yes boss."

"It's Sunday, go have Sunday dinner with your family. I'll be here tonight."

Mac hung the phone up only to have it ring again. "I spoke with Jessie." Standish said without the formality of saying hello. His voice was low and filled with sexual desire and Mac knew that was directed at him. "He said that in the past year the only person in the apartment that wasn't a part of our group was Cecil George."

"THE Cecil George, the king of Wall Street, the 'I've got all the money in the world'?"

"Yeah him. Good looking SOB but he's a sadistic fucker. He came on the scene a few years back. He's been trying to worm his way into our circle for a couple of years but no one likes him and everyone is afraid of him. He has a live-in slave -- name's Dolan. Dolan is his manservant and fuck toy, but can't take the pain that Cecil likes to dish out so he's constantly on the prowl for men to torture." "How did they meet?"

"Mac we are all rich influential men and we all run in the same circles. My wife knows his wife,that type of thing. I imagine that they met at a gala or a fund raising event. He's a lot like Waldo he's a staunch top that wouldn't even consider being a bottom at all -- won't even suck cock and has an ego bigger than New York. He thinks his cock is an instrument to be worshiped and anyone that touches it will instantly fall for him. He likes to inflict pain, lots and lots of pain."

"Loren liked pain?"

"Loren liked everything -- and I do mean everything but more than that Shelby loves pain. I mean he really gets into it. I don't know if Shelby had been Cecil or not, but if he was he would have loved him. As far as Loren, there wasn't anything he wouldn't try or do. Jessie said that they were only together a few times, and each time he left Loren was sore for days. I can also tell you that Cecil couldn't have done this...I know that for a fact. This time it's the truth - Cecil has been out of the country for the past month. He's been in England on behalf of the government working on getting aid to rebuild after the war."

Mac contemplated Standish's thoughts on Cecil George. Mac also knew that he needed to let Standish know about William Wallace. "After I left you this morning did you speak with anyone?"

"Other than Jessie...no."

"You are most likely going to hear about soon enough. William Wallace is dead."

There was silence on the phone as Standish absorbed Mac's words.

"What happened?" Standish asked in a morose tone.

"Someone killed him, tried to make it look like a suicide. Left a note saying 'I did it' at the scene. But we've already blown the lid off that."

"Oh Mac, this is getting serious."

"Yes, I know. Standish I don't want to invade the privacy of the group, but is there anyone else in the group that might have it out for Loren or might feel he has a lot to lose if his secrets came to light?"

There was a long silence. "I can speak honestly about the group without giving you any names." He finally said. Cappy knows everyone in the group and if you feel you need to talk to anyone I think it would be best that Cappy did that."

"I understand."

"Back when the group formed, we decided we wanted to keep it small so we restricted it to twenty men. Waldo, Sam, Loren, Lancaster, Cappy and I are six of the names you know. There are two politicians, they spend a great deal of their time in Washington but manage a weekend here and there. There is another judge, on the state level, three well known attorneys, a museum curator, two members of the arts and the other five men are just very rich powerful businessmen. As I explained to you yesterday we have all had each other, in one way or another, plus when we are together we are allowed to bring a date to any of our get-togethers if we are so inclined. I would say that of those twenty men at least two of them saw Loren outside of gatherings but to the best of my knowledge none of them had any emotional attachment to him."

"But you did?"

"I had a very special relationship with Loren that went beyond the sex we shared. I was his confidant, he was mine. Mac, when Waldo called and told me about Loren I cried for the first time in my life. I actually couldn't imagine how I could go on without him in my life anymore."

"When you heard he was murdered who did you first think might have done it."

"Waldo" he said slowly and precisely, "only because I was with Shelby that night." It didn't surprise Mac one bit to hear him say that. "Stan, I want you and Jessie to be especially careful." Mac was truly concerned that whoever was doing this knew they had nothing to lose and would strike out at anyone and everyone they could. "I can arrange for police protection if you'd like."

"No...I don't need someone getting in my business. I will be careful. We can go to my hunting lodge in upstate New York. My wife will think nothing of me going there for a few days."

"Can you tell your wife you are going someplace other than the lodge?"

"Mac...you are scaring me."

"I have to keep you and Jessie safe." It was a heartfelt plea on Mac's part and he meant every word. 

"Yes, I'll tell her I'm going to Washington for business for the next week. I'll send my valet Leonard down there to check into the hotel. He can get messages to me. I trust him explicitly."

"Good. Do you have a phone at the lodge?"

"Of course."

"I want you to call me when you get there. I'm worried that whoever this is will be after Jessie also. He knows too much about Loren's life that they might feel they need to get him."

"I will protect him Mac, I promise. You take care of yourself also. You appear to be getting close to who did this and they are getting scared."

"I am careful, plus I have a gun."

************

Mac poured a half glass of scotch and sat down in the chair closest to the fireplace. He toasted Loren and took a slug leaving a fair amount still in the glass. The loudly ticking grandfather clock distracted him for a moment and he noticed it was getting ready to start its nine o'clock chiming. Loren had been dead for nearly forty-eight hours and he was no closer to finding his killer. He closed his eyes and went through his list of suspects again, going over every part of their life that he knew about...

*

A key slipping into the front door startled Mac awake a few minutes later. It was dark in the apartment except for the glowing embers from the fireplace and a lone small light at Loren's writing desk. Silently Mac put the glass of scotch down and moved into the shadows.

A light clicked on in the entryway. Mac heard rustling around, the hallway closet opening then closing then footsteps into the living room. 

"Jessie" an unfamiliar voice called out and then again. "Jessie, come on I'm cold."

Mac stepped from the shadows with his gun drawn. A light crossed over the man standing before him. Mac let out a loud gasp and went pale.

It was Loren Blunt.

"Who are you...what are you doing in my apartment." He demanded to know in an authoritative voice not at all fazed by the gun Mac had pointing at him. 

"Mr. Blunt...I...I...." he lowered his gun trying to retain his composure while he pulled his badge from his pocket and flashed it at Loren. "Police sir."

"Why are you here?" Loren sang out angrily then stopped and panicked. "Jessie? Where's Jessie." He cried out. Somehow Mac was able to mumble that Jessie was fine but he was practically stunned into silence. How could he not know? It was been the top story on the news since Saturday morning. "There was a murder here Friday night Mr. Blunt...and everyone thought it was you." Mac retorted monotone by Loren's reincarnation.

"WHAT?" It was now Loren's turn to be stunned. He stumbled back to the sofa falling on it in a heap. "I don't understand, how could they think I was dead?"

Mac walked over to the sidebar and grabbed the bottle of scotch and another crystal tumbler and walked over to him. Loren held the glass while Mac poured out a solid three fingers worth but Loren clicked the glass to the bottle letting him know he wanted more.

"The murder...it was violently grotesque. When the police got here they found the victim, who we thought was you, with his face blown off. The hair color, build, height, even the weight of the victim was so close to yours that we just assumed it was you."

It was Loren's turn to gasp. "Oh No!" He exclaimed gulping a mouthful of scotch.

"Who was it Mr. Blunt?"

"It had to be Dan Redvern. We looked so much alike, people used to joke about it. From the back no one could tell us apart. He had come home with me from the office. I was going away so I offered him my ticket to the gala. He was going to borrow a tuxedo." Loren spoke in fragmented syllables still in shock by what had happened. Mac knew that he had no idea what had happened in his apartment. He stopped suddenly shook his head as if he couldn't believe it had really happened and took did a 360 changing the subject away from the murder. "I'm sorry, I didn't catch you name."

"Mark McParson." Mac was suddenly embarrassed that he hadn't introduced himself.

"Oh...so you are the famous Detective everyone in our little group speaks about?" Loren looked at Mac letting his eyes run over the full length of his body. "You are the talk of our social group. I think Standish has a puppy crush on you."

Mac couldn't help but smirk. "I've come to find that out. Apparently your group of friends has held me in reserve if they ever needed someone like me to investigate a murder within in your group. They needed to know that their secrets are safe." Mac realized that was why Loren needed to know how much he could say.

"And are they Detective?"

"Mac, please...and yes I have been able to preserve some of the secrets of the group. Unfortunately the dead body that everyone thought was you gave away some of your secrets."

"I don't hide my homosexuality Detective. I am who I am and I won't let the conservative bastards dictate to me how I will live my life." "I envy you sir."

"Yes, most people do." Loren looked at Mac and become conscious how contrite his words sounded and decided another change of topic was in order. "What other secrets have come out?"

"Everything is still between my partner and me and I suspect the Chief. Nothing has been leaked to the press or put into a police report. My partner, Detective Simpson, knows about you, Mr. Liebacker, Shelby Cantrell, Lancaster Dorey and Jessie...oh and now Mr. Wallace."

"Bill? What does Bill have to do with this?"

Mac got up and started pacing around the room. He had been the one having to answer all the questions and yet Loren needed to start answering Mac's questions. "I think I'll ask the questions now." Mac tried to say as authoritatively as possible.

"Oh yes sir." Loren answered back to him letting his words drip with sarcasm, something Mac didn't appreciate. Too many people were at risk because of Loren Blunt.

"Did you have sex with Mr. Redvern Friday afternoon?"

"I cannot tell a lie...I did." He said smiling. "And it was unusually good too." He added in a whispered tone.

"Mr. Blunt...I don't think you understand the gravity of what has happened. A person is dead and you...well you appear to be treating it like a joke."

Loren realized he had gone too far and nodded an apology to Mac.

"Was Mr. Wallace here with you?"

"Bill? Why do you keep asking me about Bill?" Mac didn't answer him. Loren just shrugged and continued on. "Bill was going to stop by pick up some artwork I had been working on. I left it outside the door for him."

"Did he have a key to get in?"

"No. No one has a key to here except for Jessie and my Uncle."

"Shelby Cantrell didn't?"

"No. I had considered giving him a key...but I didn't."

"What about Waldo Liebacker."

Loren sneered and rolled his eyes. "He's the last person I'd let have a key. Waldo and I were finished."

"Mr. Liebacker intimates differently."

"Waldo is in love with me. He will say anything to convince people that don't know our history that we are still madly in love."

"The coroner said the evidence shows...um...well it shows that the deceased had sexual relations with at least three people the day he died. You have already told me that you were one of them that accounts for the dark brown hair. There was a reddish blonde hair that I suspect belongs to Mr. Cantrell. The third one was someone with white or grey hair...would you have any idea who that could have been?"

Loren was shocked that Redvern had been with three men. He knew he had fucked him in the afternoon before he left. Redvern had promised Loren that he would stop seeing Shelby and to seal the deal he offered himself to Loren. "Dan told me that he wouldn't see Shelby any more. He promised me." Loren said sadly. "I should have known better. As for the other person...it could have been Bill, he had grey hair and I know he was stopping by."

"The doorman said that no one came up to your apartment that day. He didn't even remember seeing you."

"Detective I might be open about being a homosexual but I don't flaunt it. It's okay that they know I fuck men. They don't need to know who specifically. I have my 'friends' come in the back way, bypassing the doorman, as I do too. It's none of their business my comings and goings." 

Loren sipped his scotch and waited for more questions. Mac walked over and poured him some more filling his glass half way. He took the opportunity to see the man that was now alive. He was stunningly handsome, even more so than the portrait and Mac found his heart beating harder the closer he got to him. His dark brown hair and crystal blue eyes were set against flawless skin and a smile that could light up a room. Mac appreciated good looking men like some people appreciated artwork. The moment he laid his eyes on the now alive Loren Blunt he knew he would not be able to stop the emotions he was feeling towards this man.

"I regret to have to tell you this Mr. Blunt, but you will know this soon enough...Mr. Wallace is dead. He was murdered yesterday."

"No!" Loren wailed covering his face with his hands crying over the death of his friend, his mentor and a lover. "Why? Why was he murdered?" Tears streamed openly down his face. The raw reality of what was happening was slapping him hard across his face.

"I suspect we were getting to close to the person that killed you...er...Mr. Redvern. He tried to make it look like Mr. Wallace committed suicide and put a note that read 'I did it' at his side."

"Jessie told me that Mr. Wallace would come over here on occasion...that you would let him use Jessie."

"It's not like that Detective." Loren said composing himself and walked over the fireplace stoking the dying embers. He grabbed another log and put it in and remained there crouching down to catch the warmth of the fire. "Jessie loves sex. He loves to please men. He likes to be used...." there was a pause and Loren looked around. "Where is he by the way?"

"We thought you were dead sir, he couldn't stay here this is a crime scene. Standish Abbott took him in. Today when we found out Mr. Wallace was murdered I recommended that they get out of town for a few days. Jessie knows all your secrets and I was afraid they would come after him next."

"Oh thank goodness...thank you Detective, I couldn't have lived with myself if anything ever happened to Jessie." Tears pooled in his eyes again.

"He loves you very much." Mac said in a low voice like he was afraid someone would overhear them.

"And I care very deeply for him, that other kind of love. He's a part of my life and I wouldn't want to live without him."

"I understand fully what you are saying." Mac thought about how much he cared about Spenc and Sean. He wasn't in love with them, that ever-after love, but he loved them and was enriched by being with them and knowing them. "Mr. Abbott promised to take good care of him." Mac added as an afterthought.

"I know he will. Thank you again for doing that. I am in your debt."

"To be honest...he tugged at my heart strings a little." Mac said smiling. 

"Jessie has the purest heart of anyone I know. I'm glad you got to know him, I am blessed every day that he is in my life."

Loren stood and excused himself. He was only gone for a few minutes but when he returned his face was washed and he had changed his clothes. He handed Mac a cardigan to put on to fight the chilly night air. 

'Thanks" Mac said slipping it on.

"Did you use the bed?"

"No sir, that's how we found it."

"Hmmm...I guess that Dan used it."

"You didn't have sex with him in the bed?"

"No...I don't fuck men like Dan Redvern in my bed. I only take men I care about to my bed. Jessie sleeps with me when I'm alone, most recently Shelby shared my bed. When I'm having...let's just say...meaningless...sex I use another room."

"Your dungeon."

"You found that too?"

"It's my job sir. But it was only me and no one knows about it."

"Thank you for that. Being homosexual is one thing. I don't need to be labeled a deviant as well." Loren was antsy pacing around the room. "It really is a slap in the face that Dan slept with Shelby in my bed -- and I'm sure it was Shelby's doing. It just confirms the decision I made over the weekend."

"I was about to ask you about your weekend. Could you give me a detailed timeline of what you did please?"

Of course Detective, I will be more than happy to answer any questions you have." He sat down on the sofa again and poured himself another glass of scotch...

***********
