 **DISCLAIMER** This story contains scenes of sex between two men. If this offends you in any way or is illegal where you live, stop reading now and leave. 

After Daniel and I finished our shower, we went downstairs to his spacious living room. Daniel was pretty rich and had a huge house with a huge, fenced backyard. The living room had a huge couch which Daniel and I immediately headed for. We were both shirtless and we held hands as he led me to the couch. He jumped onto the couch, twisting in the air to land on his back. He and I giggled as I joined him. I curled up next to him, resting my head on his strong, broad pecs while he turned on the TV. As I heard the gentle hum of the TV in the background, I closed my eyes and curled up even closer to Daniel on the warm couch. He put his arm around my back, pulling me onto his warm body, I began to fall sleep. And in this moment, I felt truly happy.

I awoke about an hour later, with Daniel asleep, his arm still around me. I gently shook him until he slowly opened his eyes. He looked down at me and smiled.

"Did you have a good nap?"

"Definitely! Did you?"

"It was great. What would you like to do now?"

We went out to his garage, it was about 1:00 in the afternoon and the sun was shining. It was about 90 degrees outside so we kept our shirts off as we got two bikes and went on a ride. We pedaled around his neighborhood for about an hour, talking and laughing and having an amazing time. He was so beautiful. His tanned, Brazilian skin and bulging muscles looked incredible. Even bent over to the handlebars, his stomach had no fat whatsoever, just pure abs and pecs. We started racing down a straight hill and started to pick up speed. His medium-length hair flew in the wind. We looked at each other and he smiled, ear to ear. God damn, he was so cute and he was all mine.

We soon reached the bottom of the hill and inevitably had to go up another one. He stood up on the pedals and began pushing harder. I slowed to get behind him so I could watch him pedal. His beautiful ass moved back and forth as he pedaled. Only then did I notice what I had somehow never seen before. His massive dick and balls swinging between his toned legs. How I had missed this all these years I may never know, but I enjoyed the view while I could. His 7 inch softie and the two tennis balls in his scrotum moved together, back and forth picking up a surprising amount of momentum. This all gave me an erection and he seemed to be getting a semi himself. When we reached the top of the hill, we were only a few feet from his driveway. We both got off of our bikes and put them down in his yard. I walked over and put one arm around his tight waist and pulled him in for a kiss. Simultaneously, I put my hand down his shorts and fondled his massive package. This surprised him and he let out a girlish squeal and jumped back. We both had a good laugh as we made our way towards his house.

"Hey wait," I said with excitement. "Why don't we go for a little romp in the backyard?" I smiled suggestively.

"Why not?" He said, already making his way to the gate.

Daniel's backyard was huge, almost a full acre. He lived at the end of his street, so he didn't have many prying neighbors, but he still had a 6 ft high fence. There was a huge pool in front near his deck, then a large grassy area with a beautiful garden with some chairs and a hammock.

As soon as we had both stepped into his backyard, he closed the gate behind me and we both pulled off our shorts and shoes. I was about to pull down my boxers, when I realized that Daniel had been free-balling it. He was totally naked and ready to go. He laughed and began to do jumping jacks to warm up. His massive dick flopped up and down, slapping higher than his belly button on the way up, and going past his legs and slapping his ass on the way down. It was a magnificent sight to say the least and only encouraged me to get naked sooner. As soon as I got my boxers off and was totally naked, Daniel shouted "Smear the queer!" and ran after me!

I quickly darted off across his lawn, jumping over holes and pool toys left in the yard, my dick bounced up and down as I ran. I felt completely free, that is until Daniel tackled me. He didn't tackle me as one does in football, but instead jumped on to my back, his massive warm dick pressed against me. He put his huge arms around my neck and wrapped his tan legs around my tight waist. He and I laughed as he pulled me into a bush. As soon as I regained my bearings, I was off to catch him. His tan, strong body ran back towards his house, his perfect ass moving back and forth as he ran, and his dick slapping up and down and side to side as he ran and maneuvered through his yard. I was faster than Daniel and soon caught up, but I didn't tackle him yet. I timed it perfect so when I jumped on to his muscular back, I pulled him straight into the cool water of his pool.

I held him under the almost silent veil of water for a couple seconds, before sitting my round ass on his broad shoulders and allowing him to stand up with me on him. My dick and balls were hanging around his neck. We both laughed while he grabbed my legs to help balance himself and I. I grabbed my dick and slapped him on the cheek and in a mocking tone said,

"Oh, sorry. Sometimes I can't control myself."

He gave me a playful look and tipped me off of his back while laughing. I swam under water to his front and grabbed his legs to keep myself from floating up. His floppy donkey-sized dick floated up and down in the water, no doubt that if we were stuck at sea, me and the crew of a boat could easily use it as a floatation device. I stuck my face forward and engulfed his massive man cock in my mouth. I went up and down his huge shaft and played with his balls simultaneously. I could hear him moaning loudly, even though I was underwater. His sounds of pleasure let me know that I was pleasing my man the right way, and this made me hard as a rock. His dick began to swell, slowly throbbing and getting wider and wider, longer and longer. It was amazing how such a young man had such a toned, muscular body and easily one of the biggest dicks in the world. I took a moment to realize how lucky I was to be with a man so perfect, and then I went back to work. His 11 x 8 inch cock throbbed up and down, veins pulsating around his dick. I swam up for air, making sure to make out with him. Our tongues danced around in each others' mouths before I pulled away and smiled on the way back down into the water.

I went feverishly up and down his shaft, trying to please him as much as possible. His strong, large hand appeared on the back of my head, gently guiding me around his massive dick. I licked the side of his dick up and down, cupping and massaging his humungous balls. Suddenly, his dick began to flex up and down, throbbing intensely. His dick erupted with cum, his white sperm shooting out of his dick like a squirt gun, only an 11 inch squirt gun with a gallon of "water". I had never seen someone shoot as much cum as Daniel. His cum was suspended around in the water and as I came up for air, I saw that the cum had pooled up near the top of the water and surrounded us, blocking out the bottom of the pool from view. He moaned deeply with his husky manly voice as he came more and more. I stroked his strong muscular chest while it flexed. I found it extremely it when he flexed his muscles for me. He finally finished cumming and when I looked around, the cum surrounded us a good foot in every direction. He finally opened his eyes to look at me and said, "Patrick, I love you."

I was so taken aback that I stammered for a few seconds before saying "I love you too, Daniel." We made out for a few minutes before he told me,

"I've been a bit of a selfish lover these past couple of days and I want to make it up to you, whether you noticed me doing it or not. I want you to sit down, relax, and let me do the work for you."

"No problem." I said smiling with anticipation. I waded over to the steps in his pool and sat back, relaxing in the water. Daniel slowly walked over with a lustful look on his face. He went underwater, swimming closer and closer until suddenly, I felt his full round lips around my soft floating cock. He massaged my balls like a pro while sucking my dick up to attention. He went up and down my shaft, creating waves of pleasure. I moaned loudly in ecstasy. He slowly moved up my body, kissing my treasure trail and my abs, moving up to my chest. He stood up out of the water and flipped his hair back. The sun hit him perfectly and reflected off of all the water droplets around his strong, toned chest and arms. His tanned body flexed and pulsated as he moved towards me. He pulled my neck in close to his and our mouths embraced. Our tongues darted around each others, and then he lifted me up. His soaking, slippery muscles flexed as he carried me into his yard. He put me down gently on my feet.

"Close your eyes, Patrick." He said. I obeyed and a few seconds later I heard him call and he said "Okay, you can open them now!"

And then I saw my handsome man on his hands and knees, ass sticking up in the air. His cock and balls hanging with his dick head resting on the grass.

"I want you to fuck me as hard as you can." He said in his low voice. I smiled and laughed with excitement. I was a little nervous, but you couldn't tell by looking at my rock solid dick. It stood straight up pulsing and throbbing, ready for Daniel.

"Get ready, Daniel! Here I come." I slowly walked forward and bent slightly at the knee. My dick stood erect right over his ass; I paused for a few moments to soak it in until I finally worked up the nerve. I grabbed his tight, Brazilian ass and lowered my dick in between his cheeks, looking for his hole. I found it after what seemed like ages and then I made my first thrust forward. He and I both grunted in unison. I pulled out, and then went in again. Out, in, out, in. I fucked him slowly and steadily until I could hold back no longer.

I pounded his ass harder and faster than I had ever imagined I could. Lust began to fill my mind and my only thoughts were of fucking this man in front of me. My 7 x 6 inch dick went in and out of his hole lighting fast. I felt so in control as I held his ass in my hands, pulling his body back and forth, going deeper with each stroke. He and I both moaned loudly, his dick grew to its full length as I fucked him. His erection only made me fuck him harder as my lust built up inside of me. I fucked as hard as I could, feeling a little light headed. I fucked his tight ass until I finally had to shout "I'm about to cum, Daniel!" He pulled away and crawled towards me on his knees. I stood up, but he stayed down. He smiled as he stroked my cock harder and harder, his own erect dick pushed against my leg. He opened his mouth in preparation and I began to shoot my load. I erupted straight into his eager mouth, flexing in ecstasy. I came almost a full cup of cum, my biggest load ever. Then suddenly, Daniel's cock began shooting upward, his cum shot all over our bodies, covering us head to toe in his sweet man juice. He swallowed all of my load in one gulp while his dick kept cumming like a fountain. He finally finished, leaving both of us soaked.

I fell backwards onto the grass in exhaustion, and Daniel stood up, his abs and pecs dancing up and down. He smiled and picked me up.

"It's okay, Daniel; I can walk."

"Of course you can, but you're my boyfriend. I don't want you to lift a finger right now; I want to take care of you."

I smiled, knowing that I had the best boyfriend in the world. He asked me, "Do you want to go clean off in the pool?"

I smiled and replied `I don't think it would be much help to clean your second load off of our bodies using water filled with your first cum load."

He laughed and said, "I guess you're right about that."

"Why don't you take me over to the hammock?" He smiled and obliged. He gently laid me down first, and then he crawled in. He laid on me and we both dozed off, too tired to hear the car pulling in the driveway. Too tired to hear the car door close. Too tired to hear the gate door open.

END OF PART 3