 Over the 5 years of our relationship, sex had become less frequent and far duller. The last time was maybe 8 months ago and even then, it ended without orgasm... 

"Stop! Get off of me." Ryan had said that last time, pushing me off of his back. "That didn't feel good... You aren't even hard."

I felt a tinge of humiliation that I couldn't keep it up for him. Truth be told, the sex had never been that exciting, but rather felt like the sad attempts of a highly inexperience top trying satisfy his bottom boy.

One day recently, I came home from work to find Ryan sitting on the couch with another guy next to him. 

"Hey hun!" he said with smile as I walked through the front door. He bent his neck back to receive a kiss. "This is Steven."

"Nice to meet you!" He said.

"Nice to meet you too." I said, shaking his hand.

"Steven is an old friend of mine from college who happened to be in town, so we've just been catching up for a while." Ryan said. "Do you want to go out for dinner?" He asked Steven.

"I wish I could, but I already have plans tonight. My partner and I have a romantic dinner planned." Steven responded, "But if you want to join us later, I think we are going to go to a club."

"Wow, I don't know." Ryan said sarcastically, "I think it's been 2 and a half years since we actually went out to a club. What do you think honey bunny?"

I really just wanted to plop down on the couch and commence our nightly ritual of eating dinner and watching a movie, but didn't want to seem like a buzzkill. "Yea, sure that sounds fun!" 

"OK, well I'll text you the details later, but I really have to go... Dinner reservations are in 2 hours and I still need to go back to the hotel and shower." Steven got up and headed for the door.

"Alrightie then... We'll see you later." Ryan gave him a big hug and I shook his hand as he left.

Ryan returned to the couch and flipped the TV on and I took my normal position on the opposite side.

"So who was he? I asked.

"He's was a boyfriend from college." he said nonchalantly. "We dated for a couple months or so."

"Oh." I said, feeling a little insecure that the two of them were home alone. At the same time, I felt a twitch in pants. "Do I have anything to be worried about?" I asked with a sarcastic smile, trying to hide my jealousy.

"No!" Ryan said with a laugh. "He has a partner anyways... And our relationship obviously didn't work."

"Oh yea, what went wrong?"

"He was too young for me. Maturity level I mean. At the time, all he wanted were fuck buddies to play with and I wanted a monogamous relationship."

"Ahh." I said, fighting the urge to ask my next question. I was truly interested in obtaining more information but didn't want to say anything embarrassing. I could feel my cock hardening and decided to spit it out, "How was he in bed?"

Ryan looked at me with bewilderment and his eyes darted across the room at being asked a personal question, unsure if he should answer. "Honestly?" he asked, waiting for me to nod. "It was awesome. He was a really good top."

"Yea? Tell me about it."

"You want to know the details?" Ryan had a confused look, with one eyebrow raised high. I nodded again. "Well, number one, he wasn't afraid to get down there and give me a rim job, which really put me in the mood."

I knew that was a dig at me. While I had never tried it, I detested the idea of giving a rim job and flat out refused whenever Ryan asked me. 

"He has a beautiful penis, average size, like you. Maybe 6 inches. And, I don't know..." Ryan paused before continuing, "He just knew how to fuck. I guess because he had a lot of experience topping."

My erection was growing as I reconstructed images of their fling in my head.

"And it was exciting." Ryan continued, obviously getting more enthusiastic with his storytelling. "One time, we went to the union lawn, on campus, at like 3 in the morning and had sex on the grass. Another time, he took me in a lecture hall, between classes. And one time he came to my house over spring break and fucked me in my childhood bedroom, with my parents in the other room."

"Wow... Sounds hot." I said, adjusting my hard-on.

"Is this turning you on?" he asked with another confused smile.

"Kinda." There was a long pause before I continued, "To be honest, it makes me horny thinking of you being pleasured by another guy."

"Oh wow. That's interesting."

"Don't judge me!" I said with a grin.

"I'm not judging. It's just... a little surprising, you know?"

"Yea, well it's something that I fantasize about quite a bit." 

We both focused our attention towards the TV as I tried to kill my boner and change the subject. I could tell Ryan was wrestling with what I had just told him, occasionally glancing at me with a mischievous grin, and then back to the TV. 

"So..." He said softly after about 20 minutes of silence. "I have a confession to make, but considering what you just told me, I think it will only help our relationship." Ryan said before taking a big breath. "There is a guy at work that has been flirting with me pretty heavily for the last few months and I've kinda been egging him on. We haven't done anything per se, but I can't say that I haven't thought about it."

I felt my heart drop and my face turn red. I was grappling with feelings of jealousy, anger and arousal. After gaining some composure, I asked, "How has he flirted with you?"

"Well, he occasionally gropes my ass... And he rubs my shoulders and back." He said, pursing his lips to one side and lowering his eyes. "He asked me out on a date two weeks ago and that's where I was last saturday night. We didn't do anything sexual. Just had dinner and went to a movie. As friends, you know?"

I was shocked to hear this revelation. Saturday nights are normally our date night but we canceled last week because Ryan said that he had a "work related project that was due on Monday." He had told me that his whole department was working the weekend. Jealousy was indeed taking greater control of my emotions, but I held it back and continued, "What's he like?"

"He's tall, at least 6 foot 5. He's slender, yet muscular. He has long fingers that are really good for giving massages. He told me he played basketball in high school and intramural in college." Ryan said, tilting his head to the side as if trying to recall every detail, "He has big thick lips and kind yet intense eyes and a deep voice that makes all the ladies in the office melt. He's talked about women he's been with, so I assume he is bisexual."

"Have you gone out with him since then?"

"I went with him to Ikea on tuesday night to help him look for a new bed. And then I had an early dinner at his place last night. And we actually had plans to hang out tonight. He wanted to take me to the gym because I had told him that I want to start lifting weights but needed some pointers. He thought friday night would be good because it's typically not that busy. But Steven surprised me this afternoon and I had to cancel."

My mind was in a whirl trying to grasp everything that Ryan was telling me. I was only slightly angry, horny as hell, and humiliated that I hadn't noticed anything going on.

"Does he know about me?" I asked.

My face must have been tinged with sadness. "Oh Honey, I didn't do anything with him and I still love you with all of my heart. It was just exciting to be pined over by such a good looking man."

I composed myself and smiled, "I know, I know. But does he know you have a partner?"

"Yea, he knows."

"And yet he keeps flirting with you?"

" I just don't think he cares. He's pretty cocky."

There was another long pause in the conversation. My mind was racing as I tried to find the best way to handle this new information. I found the humiliation was causing me to get more and more aroused. I took a breath and continued.

"Do you think it's too late to catch up with him at the gym?" I asked.

Ryan looked astonished but had a big grin across his face. "Probably not. We were planning on going around 9 tonight." 

I looked down at my phone. It was just about 8:30. "Text him to see if you can make it."

"I'll just call him."

"Put it on speaker." I demanded.

The phone rang a couple times before he picked up.

"Hey there Ry-ry." I was slightly taken aback that he was already calling him by a nickname. Even I still referred to him only as Ryan.

"Hi Joey. How's it going?" Ryan asked.

"I'm doing well. Just sitting at home, alone. I was about head out for a run around the lake. I'm glad you caught me before I left." I knew now what Ryan was talking about; his voice was so masculine, so debonair, so sexy. "What are you up to?"

"Well my friend Steven left already to have dinner with his partner, so if you're still up for it, I'd like to go to the gym with you."

"Yea, I think that would be a lot of fun. Text me your address and I'll pick you up if that's ok. Is your roommate gone?"

"You mean my boyfriend?" Ryan asked with a slight laugh.

"Oh yea, that's right, your boyfriend." He said, steeped with sarcasm.

"Um, yea, he's not here. Go ahead and plan on picking me up in about 20 minutes."

"Alright, can't wait. I'll see you soon Ry."

"See ya Joey."

Ryan hung up the phone and leapt off of the couch. "I have to get ready real quick."

"Wait!" I yelled. "Do you know what gym you are going to?"

"I don't know the name but it's the gym over on Washington and Gregor."

"OK, well I guess I'll leave before Joe comes over... I love you."

Ryan ran out of the bedroom wearing only his briefs and gave me a kiss. 

"I love you too. I'll be home later tonight." 

"Wait!" I stopped him. "We need to set out ground rules."

"OK? We don't have a whole lot of time to discuss."

"That's ok, it's simple." I said, quickly trying to think up the terms of the upcoming dalliance. "No sex. At least not tonight, please. And we talk tomorrow morning about everything."

"OK. I promise we will keep it PG tonight." He said before disappearing back into the bedroom.

I changed myself into some shorts, tshirt, sneakers and a baseball cap before leaving. I desperately needed to see what happened between them and made off for the gym.

While driving, I contemplated calling the whole thing off. All of my apprehensions and insecurities were running through my mind. What the hell was I allowing to happen? Before I could act on any of those thoughts, I pulled into the gym parking lot. I walking to the front desk and asked for a trial membership and received a one day pass. I went to the lounge area and took a seat, waiting for Ryan and Joe to arrive.

Finally, after what felt like hours, I saw Ryan walk through the entrance doors, followed behind by a lean, muscular black man. He seemingly towered over everyone else, especially Ryan who was only about 5 foot 4. They went to the front desk and Joe talked to the woman behind the counter, checking in his "guest." Once they had everything worked out, Joe placed his hand on the small of Ryans back and directed him towards the locker room.

I kept my distance, partially hidden behind some plants and quickly followed them into the locker room, making sure to remain unseen, if at all possible. The lockers were arranged in several U and C shaped patterns, creating alcoves for privacy. I found where they were and went to an adjacent area, listening to their conversation. 

"Oh shit, I don't have a lock." Ryan said. There were several lockers available for daily use, the only catch is you have to bring your own lock.

"You can just share my locker Ry. Here give me your things."

"Thanks, here ya go."

"Mmmm. Look at these underwear. Wow, those are damn sexy." He said as I heard Ryan let out a laugh. "I can't wait to see you in em."

I heard the locker slam shut and the latch of his lock.

"Ok, let's head upstairs." Joe said.

I allowed a couple minutes to gain my composure before following them. The upstairs portion of the gym was sprawling and included a large number of exercise bikes that looked over towards the weight lifting area. I found an exercise bike, close enough that I could clearly see them and barely able hear their conversation. The place was dead, with only a handful of people, so I draped a towel over my head and began my exercising.

They began with stretching and ab workouts using the slant board. Joe help Ryan on and stood to his side. I could see the bulge of his cock readily visible and his shirt hung down to reveal his navel. Joe reached down and snapped the band of his underwear and placed his hand on his stomach. They both laughed and said something inaudible to me. He helped Ryan lift himself up a few times before letting go. He struggled to do more than 10 crunches.

After some time I moved closer taking a position on a exercise machine with my back to them and full height mirrors in front of me. They started lifting some free weights before moving on to bench presses. Ryan laid down and Joe stood behind him almost directly over his head, pushing his waist out slightly to better expose his bulge. He bent down and said, "Don't worry, you'll get to see it once we get back to the lockers. Ryans smiling face turned bright red. 

About an hour elapsed before they were finished with the weights and decided to go down to the juice bar. I again followed the pair downstairs and found them ordering a smoothie. There were many more places to hide from view here and I found a spot just 4 feet from where they were sitting, just behind a knee wall and planter. Ryan was in the middle of a conversation about work when they sat down before Joe interrupted him.

"Let's not talk about work. It's friday night and I think we both want to relax."

"You're right. I think I'm just not used to going out socializing much anymore. But we'll have to do this again some time... I had a lot of fun tonight!"

"Who said it's over?" 

"Well it's getting kinda late and my boyfriend is probably wondering where I am."

"10:30 is late??" Joe asked with bewilderment. "The night hasn't even begun."

"I know. I know. But that's what our relationship has turned into. I go to work, come home, sit on the couch until 10 and then go to bed."

"Come one! I'll take you out and show you what it's like to have fun again."

The conversation continued with Joe pleading and then simply demanding that they go out, until it was a foregone conclusion to him. Ryans feigned reluctance faded away and he stopped protesting. He had a big wide grin on his face. 

"OK, first, let's go shower off." Joe said. This was my cue. I quickly jumped up and nearly sprinted towards the locker room. I wanted to get a first row seat.

I found an alcove of lockers that gave me a clear view of their spot. I sat down on a bench and again, covered my head with a towel. The shower stalls were right behind me, so I knew they would have to pass nearby. 

Joe entered and found his locker with Ryan following behind.

"I have a bag to put our sweaty clothes in that you can use so you're not carrying them around." Joe said, opening his locker. 

"Ok... Where are the towels?" Ryan asked.

"Oh, they are by the showers. We'll pick them up when we are done." 

Ryan had an unsure look on his face but smiled, probably excited by the thought of them being naked together. Joe took off his shirt first to expose his chiseled body, from his pecs, down to his 6 pack abs, and the perfect v-shape of his navel area. Body hair lined the center of his stomach, and dived beneath his underwear band. Ryan examined him quickly before turning away and taking off his shirt. He was skinny, with strong bone lines in his face and back. His nearly hairless chest and stomach was stark white.

Next, joe took off his shorts to reveal jock string wrapped around his firm, bulging ass. I couldn't help be feel wholly inadequate looking at this god like man standing next to my boyfriend. He was a model of physical perfection. He caught Ryan's attention as well, who couldn't break his stare towards Joe's ass and crotch. Joe noticed and gave a little chuckle while playing with the elastic band of his jock, as a pseudo strip tease.

"Should I take this off?" He asked

"I guess so." Ryan said nervously.

"Well do you want me to? If it makes you feel more comfortable, I'll leave it on while we shower."

"It's up to you, man."

"Don't call me 'man,' that's so impersonal. And I want you to tell me what you want." 

"Sorry, Joey." There was a long pause before Ryan continued sheepishly, "I want you to take it off."

Joe smiled, turned away and pulled down his jock. Shoving it in his laundry bag before turning back around. If I didn't feel inadequate before, there was no way to escape that feeling now. At about 6 inches hard, I had always been content with the size of my manhood, but I was not prepared to see the monster that lurked under Joe's shorts. It was a beautiful continuation of his perfect body and had to be at least 7 inches, totally soft. His pubic hair was groomed and his two large balls hung low, almost the entire length of his cock.

"Wow." Ryan blurted out, his face turning red, causing Joe to laugh.

"I guess you're not used to seeing a real man." He said. This made my face turn red with humiliation, even as my cock grew hard. "Your turn." he continued motioning for him to disrobe.

Ryan stuck his fingers beneath his underwear and shorts and casually yanked both down in one motion while facing Joe, concealing his own prized asset. I could tell Ryan was semi-hard, about 5 inches with almost no hair. Joe kept his eyes on him as he turned around.

"That's what I'm talking about. I've always wanted to see your ass in the flesh." He said, grabbing each cheek with a hand and squeezing. I had to resist the urge to storm at him, but remembered my place this evening. I was just observing. Ryan in fact had a perfect bubble butt and, from what I remember all those months ago, a hairless, beautiful hole.

Joe slapped one of his ass cheeks lightly and said let's go. Ryan began walking in my direction and I started to turn to conceal my identity but was interrupted by Joe.

"This way Ry."

"The showers are over here, aren't they?"

"There's a common shower over here without stalls. It's better to have conversations." Joe explained, causing me to scamper toward that direction. I had to hear what was next!

I stood just outside the showers and tried my best to listen. Fortunately the echoes resonated to the entrance and I was able to hear almost everything.

"So what do you want to do next?" Ryan asked.

"Well, what I want to do and what I should do i guess are different. I would say, we should go to a bar and continue our little date."

"I wouldn't consider this a date, Joey. I have a boyfriend."

"Oh yea, that's right. Why do I keep forgetting that?" He asked sarcastically before continuing "We could still go to a bar and hang out for a little while longer. Or we could go back to my place and watch a movie. OH, or we could go bowling. Yea, anything to put that cute butt on display." I heard him grab his ass again and Ryan laugh.

After some silence I heard Joe ask, "Need some help?"

"Sure." Ryan responded.

"Let me get up in here. Need to make sure you're clean." he said, Ryan again laughing lightly and then a soft groan. "Wow, you seem really tight. I can tell that your boy either doesn't attend to it well or he has a micro penis."

Ryan laughed but came to a weak defense of me, "No, he's not horrible in bed. We just don't have sex very often. Maybe once a year."

"Shit, there's no way I could go longer than a day without giving your ass some kind of attention. I mean look at it." I heard him grab his ass again. "This is luscious and deserves to be respected."

The sound of rushing water stopped and I skirted behind some lockers, knowing they would be coming out soon and decided to head out to my car. I needed to deal with my confusing emotions alone. I was nearly in tears at seeing my boyfriend being swooned by another, seemingly more superior man, knowing that I could not compete with him. I was totally humiliated. On the other hand I had a raging hard-on and just wanted to jerk off, to get some relief. I started rubbing myself, while thinking about Joe taking my boyfriend to his place, cradling him in his arms, before laying him down and gently sliding his manhood into Ryan's tight ass. I thought about the intensely satisfied look on Ryan's face as he was filled to the brim. Just as I was getting started, the two of them came walking out and got into Joe's car. I decided to save it for later.
