 -- Epilogue --

I smiled as I sat by the pool of Jesse's place, watching all the guests mingle. Smiles graced everyone features, and it should, being a happy day and all. I remembered back earlier in the day, when Jesse stood at the altar, reciting his vows, slipping the ring onto Nathan's finger. Nathan was gleaming; a smile so bright it could have lighted a whole city at night. I just sat there, smiling like an idiot. After eight years of dating, the two had finally gotten married. Nick was Jesse's best man naturally, standing there in his black suit, looking dashing as usual. 

I pulled myself out of the memory, scanning the backyard for my boyfriend. I saw him at the far corner, speaking with my dad, a drink in his hand. It's funny how much has changed in three years. Three years ago I never would have thought my dad and Nick would be able to talk civilly to each other, but look at them now. My dad had really come full circle, accepting everything about me, accepting Nick. After so long of getting the cold shoulder, I finally had my dad back. 

Our senior year went really well, even after our relationship went public. Surprisingly, Nick and I were voted prom kings, a first in Jameson High's history. Not surprising was Nick becoming valedictorian. After graduating from Jameson high, Nick and I both went to the same college. Nick, being the model student that he was, was offered both an academic and athletic scholarship, but opted for the former. 

We had since moved in together in an apartment within Seattle and I got to say, things couldn't have been better. Nick was still the same amazing guy, albeit growing a nice beard that he kept neatly trimmed. I liked the change though, making Nick look oh so much more handsome. Nick turned to me amidst his conversation with my dad, smiling when he realized I was looking at him. 

"Hey, enjoying the party?" Jesse said, coming and taking the empty seat beside me. 

"Yeah, it's fun. Oh and I haven't formally congratulated you on your new marriage." I said, putting a hand out. 

"Thanks Drew." He said, shaking my hand. "You and Nick were a big help though. I don't think I couldn't have gotten everything done if you two weren't helping."

"Nah it's our pleasure. I mean we were so happy when you told us you and Nathan were getting married, you couldn't stop us from helping if you tried." I laughed. 

"Well, whatever it is, I'm happy you did." Jesse said, chuckling. 

"Dad, Nathan's looking for you." Stephanie came up, calling for her father. Jesse chuckled and waved bye to me, seeing to his new husband. Stephanie really grew in the past three years, getting a lot taller and a lot prettier. Puberty had been very kind to her. "Sooooo, how's life? You don't come around as much now that you and Nick have moved in together. Did you miss me? I know you did." Stephanie asked, sitting down in the seat her dad just vacated. 

"Yeah because I always wanted an annoying little sister." I rolled my eyes. 

"Hey, that's what I do. Since I treat you like a brother, you deserve the treatment an annoying little sister is supposed to dish out." She said, crossing her arms. 

"I don't see you annoying Nick as much as you annoy me?" I said, raising my eyebrow. 

"I had an fifteen year head start for him. You, I need to catch up on." 

"Wow that makes me feel so special." I said, sarcasm filling my words. 

"Steph, are you annoying Drew again?" Nick asked, walking up to us. 

"Just doing my job." She replied, getting up and skipping away like a little girl. Nick shook his head smiling, pulling me to stand, wrapping his arm around my waist. 

"So, Kate and Tray are having a house warming party next Saturday and they invited us. You want to go?" Nick asked as we walked to a quieter area in the backyard. Kate and Tray had recently gotten a house together and moved in not too long ago. Tray hasn't proposed yet but Nick and I both know it was going to happen soon, we could feel it. 

"Duh, did you really have to ask? Oh and Dean invited you to watch the game tomorrow at his place. Travis is going too. I would go too but you know I'm not a sports person." Did I forget to mention that Dean was back in Seattle? Yeah after high school he moved back to Seattle for college. He's been here since. 

"Well if you're not going then maybe I'll pass." Nick said, rubbing the back of his neck. 

"You want to go don't you." I deadpanned. 

"Yes." Nick pouted. "Please come with." He begged. I laughed shaking my head at his cuteness. In the background I heard Stephanie's voice over the crowd, grabbing the attention of all the partygoers. 

"Okay everyone, in honor of my dad's wedding, I've decided to say something." She stopped, waiting as guests created a small crowd in front of Stephanie. Nick and myself walked up too, preparing to listen to her speech. "Well I guess I'll start from the day my dad brought Nathan home for the first time. At first I thought Nathan was just a friend, and believe me I was shocked that he even had friends. But then I saw the way they looked at each other. I could see the love they shared, and I knew they were not just friends. 

"Eventually they came clean to me when they thought I was 'old enough' to understand, little did they know I already understood but whatever." The crowd chuckled at her statement. "So it came as no surprise when you told us you were getting married and today, you are both husbands. So dads, this goes out to you. I'm really happy for you guys." Stephanie finished, raising her glass in the air. The crowd raised their glasses in toast to Jesse and Nathan too. 

Stephanie then looked over to Nick and gave him the signal to get up there. Nick left my side, walking to the position to where Stephanie had just left. "Um so since my younger sister started this, I thought I should say something as well. So um...My dad and I weren't on the best of term in the past, we hardly talked to each other in fact. I kept to myself most of the time and he did the same, and maybe that's what was the problem. I never thought my dad and I had much in common, but I was so wrong. In fact we started talking only after we came out to each other, not something you hear everyday but yeah.

"So after that I realized maybe he and I weren't so different after all. Then when he brought Nathan home I knew we weren't." Nick's eyes searched for his father in the crowd, finding him I the middle with Nathan. "When I see you, the way you look at Nathan, the way your eyes light up, I knew I saw myself because I knew what that felt like." Nick turned his gaze to me and I felt my blush creep onto my cheeks. "So when you told us you were getting married, I was ecstatic. Then I saw it all unfold before me, being your best man, getting married to the love of your life. So I have no doubt that you two will both be very happy with each other. Nathan, I'm so glad you could be part of this family, and I have to thank you for taking care of my dad." The crowd clapped, raising their glasses one more time in toast. I expected Nick to walk off but he didn't, staying where he was. 

"So guys, I'm so sorry that I have to steal your thunder on your big day but all this has got me thinking a little." Nick said walking over to me. "Drew, when I first realized I loved you, I knew I wanted to spend everyday with you. When we moved in together I thought that I was that much closer to that dream, but I knew that there was one more thing to be done, to seal that fate.

"So seeing everything that has happened today, I knew that I couldn't wait any longer. You make me so happy and I want you to know that I will always be there for you. So..." Nick paused, reaching into his pocket. My eyes went wide as he slowly lowered himself on one knee, pulling out a small velvet box from his pocket. "Drew Langston, will you marry me?" 

I looked down at Nick, holding out the titanium band to me, his face full of hope. I couldn't find the words, so I could only nod stupidly. The crowd burst cheering as Nick slipped the ring onto my finger. He got up, planting a kiss on my lips, sealing everything. 

"I love you." I whispered when we broke the kiss. 

"I love you too." Nick said, placing his forehead against mine. 

"Well I didn't think you meant today." I turned to my right to see my dad, smiling at us with his hands in his pocket. I gave him a confused stare, wondering what he meant by that. "You're boyfriend there, or should I say fiancé, asked for my permission just now." I looked up at Nick, seeing a blush creep up on his cheeks. 

"Well I'm a traditional kind of guy." He explained, giving me a squeeze. 

"We'll let me be the first to offer my congratulations. I'm so happy for you guys." My dad said, coming over and hugging both of us. 

"Thanks dad, it means a lot coming from you." I said, returning a solid hug to my father. 

"Hey, I meant what I said when I said I would be supportive. I love you, and I'm so proud of you." He said, releasing me from the hug, turning to Nick. "I would ask you to take good care of him but I already know you will."

"That's what I plan to do." Nick replied. 

The rest of the party was spent with people coming up and offering their congratulations. Jesse and Nathan were glad that their marriage had inspired our own love story, happy for us that we had finally decided to take that last step. Stephanie didn't seem to show much enthusiasm, stating that it was bound to happen sooner or later and it wasn't a surprise. 

Eventually, the party came to an end and we were heading back home to our apartment. I looked at the new band of metal around my ring finger, admiring it in all its glory. Nick grabbed my hand at one point, bringing it to his lips and giving it a quick kiss. A sweet gesture that always sent my heart soaring. It was the little things like that that made me love Nick all the more. 

We entered our apartment, Nick walking in ahead of me. I closed the door, reaching out and grabbing his hand in mine. I pulled him back, turning him around, wrapping my arms around him and resting my head on his chest. "I'm so lucky to have you."

"Same here." He said, wrapping me in his warm embrace. I looked up at him, bringing my lips to his, capturing him in a sweet kiss. He moaned against my mouth, the vibrations traveling down my neck, setting nerves on fire. I deepened the kiss, opening my mouth just a little. 

Nick took that as a cue, sliding his wet tongue into my awaiting mouth. His familiar taste something I was so used to, and yet feeling all new at the same time. My hand ran up his back, my fingers intertwining among his hair fibers. His hand snaked its way past my belt, resting against the skin of my butt, but no further. 

I felt his other hand up my back, moving to my neck before cupping my cheek in his palm. I broke the kiss, nuzzling my face into his welcoming hand. With his mouth now free, he trailed kisses down my jawline, stopping just before my earlobe. Resting his cheek against mine, I felt the world stop. This was where I belonged. 

Nick's hands moved to pick me up, swiftly switching my position till he was carrying me bridal style. I laughed, smiling up at the perfect man before me, the perfect man that was all mine. The look he gave me made me swoon from day one, and three years later it was still doing that to me. 

Nick carried me to our room, laying me down softly on the bed. He crawled on top of me, looking down at me, staring into my blue eyes with his brown ones. I wrapped my arms around his neck pulling him down to me, resting his forehead against mine. His breath tickled the skin on my face, setting little sparks running across my skin. 

His hand pulled at my shirt, revealing my skin underneath. Walking his fingers up my torso, goosebumps erupted across my arms, sending the hairs on my body on high alert. "I love how you still respond like that after all these years." He smirked, giving me a quick kiss. 

"I don't think I'll ever get used to that." I breathe out, sliding my hands down the back of his pants, grabbing the round mounds of his butt in my hands. 

"Well we have our whole lives to enjoy it, together." He smiled, kissing once again on my forehead. He then proceeded to remove my shirt, throwing it onto the floor. Kisses found their way down my neck, to my chest, his stubble running across my skin, adding a rough element to the otherwise soft kisses. 

His tongue darted out, flicking my nipple once, making me buck my hips just a little. Encouraged by my response, he bit down lightly on the bud, making me hiss in pleasure. The growing bulge in my pants was starting to get uncomfortable now, expanding in the confines on my underwear. Nick read my thoughts, running his hand over, slowly pulling the zip down, allowing just enough room so I wasn't in pain. He continued his attack on me, biting and kissing various spots on my body. 

I brought my hands up, unbuttoning his shirt and pulling it off, throwing it in the growing pile on the floor. I brought my hand down, cupping his monster bulge in my hand, rubbing it through the fabric of his dress pants. I felt his member jump under my hand, smiling at how eager he was. I unbuckled his pants, slowly dropping the zip. 

With all the strength I could muster, I pushed him off, rolling over so I was straddling him. I licked at his chest, slowly moving downwards, past his abs to his pelvis. The smell of musk permeated the air, mixed with his natural smell, a combination so euphoric for me. I hovered my lips over his dick, wrapped in the confines of his boxer briefs. I breathed out, letting the heat from my breath run across his shaft, my lips just barely grazing the surface. 

His dick jumped at the stimulation, making me smile wickedly. I laid my lips right at the head, kissing the tip, which immediately leaked precum, a wet spot appearing on his underwear. I pulled down the hem of his briefs, releasing the beast from its cage. I admired the specimen I front of me, a dick so perfect it could have been carved from marble. 

My eyes trailed up the thick vein that ran up the length of his 9" cock, leading to the plump mushroom head at the top. Resistance left me as I forgot all about foreplay, bringing my mouth down onto his dick, taking him into my mouth. The sudden action caused Nick to gasp out in pleasure. 

My tongued circled the head, lubricating it with my spit. I was proud to say that over the years, I've gained experience with giving Nick blowjobs, especially when he was so well endowed. I sucked, taking more of him with each stroke until I felt him hit the back of my throat. I felt my throat muscles encircling him, adding friction. I slowed every time I felt him on the edge, pulling back until he calmed back down. 

After bringing him close for a third time, Nick pulled me up to him. He kissed me once before turning me over, sliding down my body giving me a sly grin. He pulled my trousers and underwear down as he went, pulling them off my body as he descended down my body, leaving me completely naked in front of him. 

He sucked on my balls, massaging them with his tongue. His finger massaged the area between my balls and ass, applying slight pressure against my perineum. His tongue slowly licked up my shaft, his tongue almost scorching against the sensitive skin. He made a note to completely avoid the head, ensuring I lasted as long as I could. I was on the edge as it was and his teasing wasn't helping one bit. I was about ready to explode. 

His tongue continued pacing up and down my cock, once in a while, brushing up against the glands, sending electricity coursing through my veins. I wasn't expecting it when he suddenly took me in his mouth, taking me all the way down to the base without so much as a gag. The warmth of his mouth and throat engulfed me, me having to grab the bed sheets to stop from cumming immediately. He stayed there for a moment, his throat muscles tightening around me. 

I held my breath, trying to regain some form of control, clenching muscles to stay the oncoming orgasm. Nick remained completely still too, sensing that I was too close. If he had move even a little, I would have came straight away and we both were not ready for this to end just yet. 

Eventually, my grip on the covers relaxed, I let out the breath I was holding, unclenching taut muscles, relaxing against the soft mattress. Nick took that as cue to continue, pulling off slowly before descending once again. The slow stroke of his tongue didn't help with the problem of my incoming orgasm. "Nick I want you in me." I choked out. 

Nick pulled off me, smiling up to me. "I thought you'd never ask." I reach to the nightstand, grabbing the bottle of lube stashed away there. I handed it over to him and he immediately got to work, lubing up his fingers. When he was satisfied with his glossy fingers, he circled my puckered hole, willing me to relax. I opened up involuntarily, too aroused and in need of him to clench any further. I had taken Nick and his monster before but I needed to be prepared before. 

He slid a finger in, the digit slipping in without any resistance. Twisting his finger around my hole, he coated the walls with lube. Quickly a second finger was added, scissoring me to get me to adjust. "Nick just do it, I can't take it anymore." I cried out, squeezing my ass onto his fingers. 

He pulled out, lubing up his dick. We had both gotten checked some time back and were both clean so condoms were a thing of the past. He poured a liberal amount of KY jelly on his cock, slathering it down the shaft to ensure it was evenly coated. I sat up as he lay down in my vacated spot, straddling him. I grabbed him, positioning him at my hole. I rubbed it around the rosebud, feeling him stretch me. 

Stopping him at my entrance, I held him there as I lowered myself down onto him. With almost no resistance, he slid in, his mushroom head passing my sphincter. I moaned at the fullness of it, pushing down on him, taking more of him into me. I pushed out, allowing him to slide in the last bit, my butt coming to rest on his pelvis. I took a few deep breaths, allowing myself to adjust to his monster. 

Nick ran his hand up and down my arm, his way of telling me to take my time. I couldn't care less about taking my time, wanting him too bad. I relaxed enough around him, pulling up till only his head was inside. I descended back down, slowly developing a rhythm as I rode him. 

I clenched my muscles ever so often, making Nick moan in pleasure. I gasped when he struck my spot, every nerve in my body firing off at once. My arms gave way under me, collapsing me down onto Nick. Nick continued to pump into me, constantly hitting my prostate. My breathing rate increased, matching his quick pants. With my head on his chest, I could hear his heart, beating in time to my own pulse. His thrusts coincided with me pushing back onto him. We were, in every way possible, one. 

As he pumped into me, I felt the feeling growing within my groin, boiling till it was about to overflow. Nick's dick swelled in me, telling me he was as close as I was. With one last thrust, I came long and hard, shooting streaks of cum onto his body. My muscles contracted, coming like a vice on him, milking him. The increased pressure proved too much for Nick, immediately dumping his load into me. I felt his hot seed coat my insides, so erotic I would have came again if I wasn't so spent. 

I dropped my exhausted form onto him, shivering from the high of the orgasm. His dick started softening before finally popping out of me. I rolled off Nick, catching my breath. "I love you Nick." I said, in between pants. 

"I love you too Drew. Forever and always." Nick said. 

I thought about us, how we've gone so far in our relationship, all our ups and downs, our rocky start and our problems. I remembered how our friendship was formed from my loss. Loss that I thought I couldn't recover from, and yet through that loss, I discovered love. I guess that's my story though, how I went from the worst time of my life to the best. 
