 This is a first submission for me and I look forward to any and all feedback. Thanks so much to Woody for letting me annoy him while he did my editing. Thanks also to the other guys out there who let me ask some of my dirty little questions! Enjoy!

~~~~~

Somewhere along the line, I got lost. I'm not sure where it happened or when, but I'm definitely lost. I'm not talking about my physical location either. I really thought I had started out ok, but then life started its twisted game of "Let's fuck with Ayden" and see what happens. Ten years later, the chaos is almost second nature though. I just wish that I could make sense of the last 5 years. The one person that could help me disappeared and I've been an absolute shell ever since.

Growing up, I never questioned anything. I just did what I was supposed to do and pretty much stayed out of trouble. I wasn't perfect or anything, but I kept my nose clean. I got good grades in high school, managed to stay involved in various school activities, and was comfortable enough in the social chum ladder so that life wasn't miserable for me. Although I wanted to, I didn't get to go off to some big college. I ended up at the local community college trying to figure out what I was going to do with my life. Everything was moving along just fine at first. Then, life decided I'd been content with things too long and let the dice roll.

It was just a few months before I turned 21 when things started to change for me. I was hanging out with my friends whenever I wasn't in class. I rarely even bothered to show up at home anymore. When I did, it was more to do some laundry, pick up new clothes and call to make sure my family knew that I was in fact still alive. I'd had a few girlfriends over the years, but nothing that was really serious. I'm apparently a pretty good looking guy, at least according to ladies I have dated. I'm 5'11 and 180lbs with an athletic build. My hair is brown, but has auburn highlights. I've been told my eyes are emerald green, but I just think they're plain ol' green.

I was on my way to a friend's house that Friday night, as usual. The back roads are always dark, but that night was abnormally black. There was no moon, a storm was brewing in the distance and, considering I was out in the middle of farm country, there were absolutely no street lights. I didn't see the deer until it was too late. I tried to swerve, but I only made it worse. When my truck finally sputtered to a halt in the ditch, the deer had somehow disappeared, but there was no mistaking the front of the truck had tried to make venison burger. There was also no mistaking that I wasn't going anywhere soon. I wandered in ever widening circles around my truck, cell phone dancing over my head, trying to pick up a signal until my battery finally gave up and quit working. 

I sighed and popped the tailgate down. I grabbed a soda from the cooler in the truck and made myself comfortable on the tailgate to wait. It's amazing what goes through your mind when you're all alone in the dark with no one but the crickets and frogs chirping in the distance. I was supposed to be meeting up with the newest hottie tonight. She was a auburn-haired petite little thing that gave great head. As my mind wandered to what I would be doing right now, I felt that familiar twinge in my balls. Leaning back in the bed of the truck, I grabbed a bottle of sunblock that had been rolling around and popped the button on my jeans. Being outside under the still twinkling stars, the breeze that ran across my cock when I first freed it from the denim prison gave me a shiver that ran from my knees to my nipples.

Now I'm no horse, but I'm decently endowed. I've had plenty of ladies tell me I had the perfect cock for swallowing and fucking without causing damage. I'm about 7 ½ inches in length, 2 inches in diameter and circumcised. As the warm summer breeze swirled across the swelling head of my cock, I throbbed in my own grip. A small squirt of SPF30 and I started to let my imagination run wild. Friction is always better than a slippery mess when you're alone. The breeze became her breath when I closed my eyes as I worked my hand over my now leaking cock. The openness of everything around me was apparently more than my now quivering cock could handle. I could feel the tightness begin to build in the base of my cock and curl around my balls.

What I didn't know was that HE was walking up the road. He stopped about 10 feet from the tailgate of my truck. I never heard him walk up. As my impromptu jerk off session erupted in my hand to the sound of distant thunder, I was too wrapped up in my own little world to hear the crunch in the gravel as he approached, especially since I was expecting to hear another vehicle come along and not someone on foot. It wasn't until I started to wind down that I discovered I had an audience.

His deep baritone voice whispered, "That was hot!" 

"Holy shit! What the fuck!?" I shouted as I flew up into the bed of the truck, scrambling to cover myself. 

There in the shadows of the night stood the silhouette that went with the voice. I could see the broadness of his shoulders and the obvious muscles in his arms. I felt a shiver of excitement at being caught, followed quickly by a swell of fear. I had no idea who would be out walking this late at night on these back country roads. Driving, yeah sure, but who knows what kind of creatures are out there waiting to pounce.

"I tried to get your attention, but you were a little too preoccupied to hear me I guess," he said.

"Who the fuck are you and what the hell are you doing out here in the dark?" I stammered.

"Not that it's any of your business, but I was headed back home. What are you doing out here, besides the obvious?" he smirked.

He was pissing me off. "A deer or something ran out in front of me. I hit it and totally screwed up my truck. Now I'm stuck in this damn ditch, no signal and a fucked up front end! I've been sitting here for the last 2 hours waiting for someone to drive by!" I shouted.

I lowered my eyes as I whispered, "Then I got bored, not that it's any of YOUR business."

"What's your name kid?" he inquired softly.

"Ayden. What's yours?" I asked.

"I'm Troy. I live just over that hill there if you want to walk with me. It's better than sittin' out here getting' eatin' by mosquitoes. I don't have a phone, but I can give you a lift come morning if you want. I've just got the farm truck and the headlights don't work, so I can't drive ya anywhere now. That's why I'm walkin' this late. I had to go check on my horse in the pasture across the way."

He smiled kinda sideways. I could see it even in the dark. 

"Don't worry, I don't bite. Not unless you want me to at least."

I was floored at that statement, but intrigued too. Was this huge burly guy actually flirting with me? I've got a few friends that are gay and a few that I'm pretty sure are bi, but it's never been something that I've ever considered.

"S-sure why not," I stuttered.

I heard him chuckle under his breath as I jumped down and finished zipping up my jeans. I locked up my truck, not that anyone could steal it in its current condition. As I turned around, I could swear he was checking out my ass. 

"Lead the way," I said.

Troy continued down the road with me in tow now. Even though it was dark, I could tell that he had a well sculpted body. The muscles in his shoulders were obvious. He stood about 6'1 and didn't look like he had an ounce of fat on him anywhere. As dark as it was, there wasn't much to see except Troy's back. I found myself staring absently at his ass as he walked along. He had an amazingly muscular ass, just like the rest of him that I could see. I blushed violently the minute that thought crossed my mind. What was I thinking?! Thank God it was dark so he couldn't see my face.

We turned up a gravel drive and I could see the twinkle of the porch light about 300 yards up the drive. As we got closer, I could see the silhouette of the house and was amazed I'd never noticed it before. It had a rugged look to it, but was obviously well built and huge! Kinda like the man who lived in it. As my eyes inadvertently drifted back to his ass, he stopped. Preoccupied in my own thoughts and the fact that I couldn't see that well, I walked right into him. Tiny shocks simmered through me at every place his hard body touched mine. 

"If ya wanted to get that close, all ya had to do was say so," he purred.

'S-s-sorry man! I wasn't paying attention. Lost in my thoughts I guess." Blushing, I took half a step backwards.

He just grinned at me. As he turned around, I caught the scent of him on the breeze. It was this crazy mix of soap and outside and it made my cock twitch. My heart was pounding in my chest as I climbed up the steps behind him. Hell, I don't think I was this nervous the first time I got laid!

He flipped a switch on the wall as he opened the door. All I could do was stare at the sight before me.

"Wow!" I gasped. "This is amazing! You actually LIVE here?"

"Yeah. I take it you like it?" Troy said, his face clearly showing the pride he felt for his home.

"Like it? It's probably the most amazing place I've ever been in!" I said with awe.

The house was done in very earthy tones. It had that log cabin look without being a cabin. Every piece of furniture looked hand carved. The stone fireplace looked big enough to walk in. A slightly curving staircase ran up the side of the main room to a balcony where I could see several doors along the wall. 

I could hear the pride in Troy's voice as he explained, "I finally finished building this place last year. I inherited the land from my grandfather when he passed away and wanted to make sure there was a house on the land worthy of his memory. This land has been in my family for as many generations as I have been able to trace back."

"It's just amazing! I don't even have words to describe it," I whispered in awe of the house. 

That's when I turned to get my first good look at Troy. That's also when I felt the first real stir of desire that I ever had for another man. He was beautiful! He had wavy shoulder length coal black hair pulled back in a pony tail. His eyes were the most startling crystal blue I had ever seen and made me feel like I had my own personal spotlight shining on me. My heart began to race all over again as he ran his tongue across his full lips. 

He took a few steps towards me and I thought for sure my heart was going to jump out of my chest. I took a small step back as he reached towards me. He flipped the light switch behind me and let a little rumble of laughter roll through every nerve in my body. 

"I told you, I would only bite if you wanted me to," he smirked as he turned around. 

I felt his voice rumble through me again. I couldn't stop staring at him. 

"If you'll follow me, I'll show you where you can crash for the night."

Numbly, I followed Troy upstairs and couldn't help but look at his ass again. As soon as I realized I was checking him out again as I wondered what the rest of his body looked like. I felt my face turn red again and quickly looked away. We hit the top of the steps and walked to the middle door on the balcony. 

"This is the bathroom. There's towels and everything already in there if you want. Your room is right next door.

"This is the guest bedroom. Everything should be there too, but you can just let me know if you need anything. My room is the last one down there at the end, so all you have to do is knock."

"Wow, I really can't thank you enough," I said to him. "Troy, I just don't know what to say. That you would even consider bringing me back here and you don't even know me."

"I'm not worried. I've got a pretty good sense about most folks and you come across as pretty honest. I couldn't see leavin' ya out there either knowin' that storm is coming." Troy tilted his head to the side a little and continued, "There's something about you though. I haven't put my finger on it yet, but like I said, I'm not worried.

With that, lightening flashed and thunder clapped over head. I could hear the rain begin to pound on the roof. 

"T-thanks again T-troy. I'm gonna hit the sack. I'll see ya in the morning," I stammered. 

I stumbled back into the bedroom and shut the door behind me a little too quickly. I have never been so frazzled by another person and I didn't know how to handle it because it was this huge man that was making me trip over myself! You'd think he was some supermodel or something the way I was acting. It didn't help that I could feel my cock beginning to grow and just because of the way he looked at me! It kinda scared the hell out of me. I heard him shuffle down the hall a couple seconds later and resisted the urge to peek out.

As I walked further into the room, I was in awe once more. The bed was huge! And just like everything else, it looked hand-carved. As amazed as I was, I suddenly realized I should to head back out to the bathroom before I tried to crash. I was glad I had heard Troy walk away after I shut the door.

Not even thinking, I opened the door and started to walk out into the hall, only to run smack into Troy again. This time though, I started to fall. Huge arms wrapped around me and kept me from landing on my ass. I opened my mouth to apologize again and was immediately sucked into the most amazing kiss I'd ever experienced. I couldn't help but melt into it. 

Troy's tongue licked my lips and found my tongue as I gasped in surprise. The softness of his mouth on mine surprised me completely. His strong arms tightened more securely around me as I sighed into the kiss. I felt my back press against the doorframe and his rock hard cock press into my belly. I groaned against his mouth even more as I felt him start to grind his cock against me. My cock was now betraying everything I thought I knew about myself and throbbed for this man devouring my mouth. I wound my hands into his hair and pulled him closer to me, shifting my hips to push my own now rock hard cock towards his. The feel of his swollen shaft pressed against mine sent electric shivers through me. There was more feeling in this one kiss from him than any other kiss I had ever experienced.

I felt his hand glide down my back and cup my ass. I instinctively raised my leg up slightly to give him a better grip. The next thing I knew, I was being picked up and carried back to the bed. Troy broke the kiss long enough to drop me down on the bed and lay himself along side me. His hands slid under my shirt and I felt the sparks erupt along my stomach as he touched my skin. He pressed his mouth to mine again, this time more gently. When he groaned, I felt it vibrate through my whole body and pressed myself closer to him.

His hand slid from my stomach down over my throbbing cock. I felt like my jeans were going to burst at the zipper. As he gripped my shaft, I could feel the pre-cum making a puddle and start to seep through. I hissed and moaned, breaking his kiss. Troy began kissing his way down my jaw, briefly stopping to tongue my earlobe. He pulled me up just enough to rip my shirt over my head and began nibbling at my collarbone. He was kissing a trail down my chest, quickly flicking his tongue over my hard-as-stone nipple causing me to arch up against him.

As Troy started to slide down my body, my heart began to race even faster. He stopped to swirl his tongue around my belly button as I felt his fingers flick the button on my jeans open. My already swollen cock had no trouble forcing the zipper down, freeing my cock finally! As he wrapped his hand around me, my whole body felt like it was on fire. There was a never ending stream of pre-cum dripping down. As his tongue licked the head of my cock, I finally screamed!

"OH MY GOD TROY! You're going to make me explode!"

"Let it out baby, let me taste you! Don't hold back!" he whispered. 

Suddenly his mouth swallowed me whole, all the way down to the root. His hand wrapped around my swollen balls, stroking them gently. As he sucked hard up my shaft, I finally couldn't hold back any more.

"TROOOOOYYY!!! I'm cumming!!! OH MY GOD!!!" I screamed as I exploded into his mouth! Stars burst behind my eyes!

It felt like he was sucking the life out of me through my cock. I must have cum buckets and he took everything I offered him. As my cock slowly stopped pulsing, he continued to gently lick up and down my shaft. The aftershocks rippled through my body with every touch of his tongue and every whisper of his breath along my groin. My breathing slowed, but my heart was still pounding in my chest.

"I have NEVER felt anything like that." I whispered. "That was absolutely amazing!"

Troy did that little chuckle again and said, "I'm so glad you enjoyed it."

His voice was still sending little tremors through my body causing me to shiver.

As he slid up my body, his lips met mine once more. He sucked gently on my lower lip, drawing out another moan from somewhere deep within me. This time his kiss wasn't as aggressive. This time it was passion that I felt, mixed with the taste of my own cum lingering in his mouth. Troy's kiss was branding my soul as I breathed him in. The swirl of his tongue as it met mine licked the edges of my very being. I knew this moment had changed something in me and I suddenly gasped.

"Whoa! Wait!" I gasped as I struggled to sit up. 

"Everything alright, Ayden?" Troy vibrated against my chest.

"Don't get me wrong, that was utterly amazing, but I'm not gay Troy. Hell I'm not even bi! I've never even considered doing anything like this!" I stared at him as I mumbled over my words.

"You certainly didn't seem to mind though." Troy said as he sat up. He had a confused look in his eyes. "Look, I never intended for this to happen. I wasn't even thinking about what I was doing until I had you on the bed. By that time, you were definitely into it so I just went with the flow."

Troy slid off the bed and stood with his back to me. 

"I'm not sorry this happened, but I am sorry you're so uncomfortable with it now. Sleep well Ayden. I'll get you where you need to go first thing in the morning."

With that he walked out of the bedroom and gently shut the door behind him. It was a few minutes before I heard him walk down the hall and another door shut. 

"Holy shit, what was that!?" I muttered to myself.

I couldn't believe what I had just done and was completely confused now. I have never been kissed with such passion. It left me feeling a little hollow now that Troy was gone. The man had barely touched my cock and I exploded! The few times I was with a girl who was willing to even give head complained that it took forever to get me off and this man had done it in less than two minutes. Hell, I think I lasted longer the first time I actually had sex!

I groaned as I finished stripping out of my clothes and crawled into the bed. I could still smell Troy in the folds of the blankets and it caused a twinge in my cock. Ugh, what was going on with me? And I still had to go to the bathroom! This time I listened to the door before I opened it. I peeked down the hall towards Troy's room, then quietly slipped into the bathroom. As I stood over the toilet, I couldn't believe that my cock was already stiffening up again! What was happening to me!? I stood there staring down into the water waiting for my cock to settle down again before I was finally able to relieve myself. I washed up and listened at the door again before I slipped back into the bedroom and crawled in bed. I curled up into a ball and let the exhaustion from the evening roll over me. Between the damn truck and the mind blowing orgasm I just had, my body gave out on me quickly.