  Each participant in this story is also over the age of 18.

*****

I had always been bi-curious, and that led me to do some "strange" things. Sometimes I would masturbate until I came all over my chest, right outside the shower, so I could just jump in and wash off. Soon that wasn't enough for me though. I began rubbing my fingers in the cum, sliding it all around my chest and stomach. I started cumming further and further up, getting closer to my face. I came around my neck area, and rubbed it around with my hands, like it was lotion for my neck. Eventually I got brave enough, and I positioned myself against the wall, with my cock hanging over my face, and I jerked it until I came. It felt like an hour before the cum stopped hitting my face, not because I came a lot, because I was instantly turned off by it. I got up and wiped my face off as quickly as possible before jumping in the shower and washing off.

I kept thinking to myself, "why did that turn me off? Every time I watch a video where a girl gets a facial, I find myself longing to be where she is."

I went back to only cumming on my chest and neck for a while, while I tried to gather the courage to try again. There had always been a deeper desire of mine though. I had seen it in porn tons of times, and they all played it off like it was nothing. I had always wanted to be like the porn stars and swallow a load of cum. I kept thinking about this, until finally I was ready to try. Yet again I positioned my face underneath my cock, and started pumping it. Every time I was about to cum, I stopped, letting the feeling go down a bit before I began again. Eventually I had done this so much, that I accidentally went past the point of no return. The warm cum shot from my cock and hit my closed lips. 

"This is happening now!" I thought to myself.

I forced my mouth open, and the second shot of cum went sailing past my lips, and landed on the middle of my tongue. I was trying to only breathe out my nose so I wouldn't taste the cum that had been sent into my mouth. Again cum kept shooting in for what felt like ages, and I could feel the load start sliding towards the back of my throat.

The cum stopped shooting out, and I sat there for a second, catching my breath, a large load sitting in my mouth. I rolled over from my upside-down position, and that is when it hit. All the cum slid from the back of my mouth onto my tongue. It tasted like nothing I had ever tasted before, and not in the good way. It was so overpowering that I began to gag, and I spit it into the toilet. I coughed a few times before flushing the toilet, and taking long drinks of water.

The next night, I sat in my room and watched porn while I masturbated. I was watching video after video, compilation after compilation, of girls swallowing cum, no problem. Some of the girls were swallowing multiple loads, some having so much cum that they could gargle it. I felt stupid that I couldn't even swallow my own cum. 

Watching those videos made me want to try again, so I got down on my floor, hoisted my legs up over my head, and started jacking off until I came into my mouth. The warm cum yet again slid down my tongue to the back of my throat, and I let it all fall in my mouth before closing it and flipping over again. I got a hint of the taste I had the other night, but I held back gagging. I closed my eyes, and pushed the cum all the to the back of my throat, and then down it. I swallowed the load, instantly feeling the after taste kick in that was less than tasty. I gagged again, coughing as my eyes watered up. I sat there for a minute, but I was surprised to find I was actually proud of myself. I had swallowed a load of cum. 

I started doing that about once a week, and it became easier with each time. I found little ways to hide the taste from myself, and I even started playing with it in my mouth, rolling it around with my tongue, and flipping some out onto my lip before licking it back in again. Becoming comfortable with that made me start longing for more though.

I had assumed the position so many times, my cock mere inches from my face. I thought to myself "could I actually get my mouth to go the last few inches?" 

I started the way I had multiple times before. I laid on my bed, my head in the gap between it and the wall, and I placed my feet on the wall. I walked my legs down the wall, until I started to feel my muscles tighten. I started stroking my cock until it became fully erect, and then I began trying to do what I thought was impossible. I pulled my head up, while pushing my legs down, and the tip of my tongue grazed the head of my penis. Maybe it was just the idea of what I was doing, but that split second had felt really good. I tried again, and again, eventually getting my lips around the very tip. My neck started to hurt, so I finished by leaving my lips around the tip, and jerking my cock until I came in my mouth. I started doing this for a while, until I found myself getting my lips all the way around the head of my cock, and a little further.

I began experimenting with different positions, seeing if I could get further down on my cock. I loved the feeling of sucking cock for some reason, and I wanted to be able to deepthroat it so badly. 

I sat in my chair one night in front of my computer, a porno on the screen with the girl deepthroating a cock. She was going so low and fast that I could hear the involuntary "glugck glugck glugck" coming through the speakers. It made me so horny, that I grabbed the bottom legs of my chair, and thrusted my face down between my legs. My cock was about halfway in my mouth, but I wasn't satisfied. I pulled on the legs of the chair, while pushing up with my legs. My cock slid deeper into my mouth, and I opened my mouth as wide as it could go, moving my head side to side, until I felt something hit the back of my throat. I lifted my head again to halfway, and tried again. I pulled my upper body down while pushing my lower half up, until my nose hit my balls, and my cock hit the back of my throat. I pushed hard with my legs and accidentally let out a little "glugck". This was the sound I was waiting for, and it motivated me to do more.

I laid down on the floor and placed my legs over my head. I pulled down on my legs, and my cock went into my mouth. I moved around a bit until I found my rhythm. I pulled on my legs while pushing with my back, and sent my cock to the back of my throat. I let out another "glugck", but this time I kept going. I kept making that noise over and over again, and it made me want to go even more. I felt saliva start building up at the back of my throat, and I started spitting it out onto my face while still sucking my cock. I did this for a little while, until I couldn't hold back anymore.

I pushed my cock as deep as it could go, and I let my cum rush out into my mouth and throat. I kept hoping for more. I wanted it to fill my mouth. After I stopped cumming, I stood up and looked in the mirror. I had streaks of spit all over my face, but it was that white spit, that mixes with cum that you see when you watch a deepthroat video. This made me feel so hot. I opened my mouth and looked at all the cum that was in my mouth. I rolled it around with my tongue and let some drop out into my hand so I could slurp it back up again. I tilted my head back and swallowed the cum, opening and closing my mouth slowly afterwards so I could feel the small strands of cum left behind attached to my lips and my tongue.

I had cum, but I still felt extremely horny. I looked down at my cock, and started rubbing it, but it wouldn't get hard again. I sat down on the edge of the tub and thought for a second. A thought then crossed my mind. I turned on the shower and hopped in. I turned around so that the water hit my back, and I pulled my hand behind me and started rubbing up and down on my ass. I slid my middle finger up and down until I felt this really soft skin. I rubbed it gently, and the feeling was amazing. I did this for a while, and then started slowly pushing into my ass.

I had gotten the tip of my finger in when it began to hurt. I paused for a second and tried going again, but it hurt too much. I pulled my finger out and started thinking. I stepped out of the shower and looked by the sink. There was a bottle of lotion sitting there, almost full. I lathered my finger in lotion and rubbed around the rim of my ass, slowly getting lotion all over, while loosening up again. I got more lotion and put it all over my middle finger. I bent over a little and gently slid my finger into my ass again. The difference was huge this time. My finger slid all the way in, down to the bottom.

Every time I moved my legs a little, I felt my asshole tighten around the bottom of my finger, and then loosen again. I began going in and out slowly. The feeling was strange. It was like a slight pain overwhelmed with pleasure. I did this for a while, and then I lotioned up my index finger. I slid my middle finger back in rather easily, but it seemed like there was no way I would fit a second finger in. I moved my ass around while making a circle motion with my index finger. Eventually I started pushing my index finger into my ass, and the pain came back from the first time. I pushed slowly until I felt my ass tighten on the bottom of my two fingers. I stood there for a bit with my fingers fully in my ass, and then I started to move back and forth. I eventually got used to the feeling, but I pulled out. I would try this from now on whenever I could. 

I went on doing that for a bit, but I knew a cock was a lot bigger than two fingers. I went looking through my cabinets one day and found something that could work. I had heard about girls using toothbrushes to masturbate, but I couldn't bring myself to do that, so I went with what was next to it, a toothbrush travel case. It was never actually used, and it had the thickness of a decent cock, along with being about 7 inches. Again I lotioned up my fingers and went to work loosening my ass. While I did this, I stuck the case in my mouth and began to deepthroat it like it was a cock. After a while I pulled out of my ass and mouth, and rubbed lotion all over the case. I put the case against my ass, and slowly started rubbing around it while moving backward. I felt it start to enter, and I was loving the feeling, along with the idea that if I could take this, I could take a full sized cock. I pushed further and further, stopping when I felt some pain.

Eventually I felt that I pushed far enough in, and began to move it in and out of my ass, slowly. This felt amazing, strangely. I sat down on the edge on my tub, with it still in my ass, and took my hand off it. I started riding up and down, imagining that it was a cock inside me. I went faster and faster, and my cock grew hard as I went up and down. I found myself trying to hide the moans I was accidentally letting out, but it didn't work. It felt almost out of my control whether I would make noise or not, and my moans were growing louder. I decided to stop, and I flipped upside down so I could finish with cumming in my mouth. I did that, and then washed off the case, hiding it where I would only know where it was.

I went on doing this for a while, and eventually the pain was lessened by the excitement and the pleasure I felt by bouncing up and down on "a giant cock". This was the final step I needed before the next thought entered my mind. "I need to take a real cock now. Someone else's cock, and someone else's cum." The whole idea just seemed amazing to me.

I set up an account on an online website, where people's only intentions are to have some quick, discreet sex. I was on there for a couple months, getting messages from multiple guys, but most of them were too old or creepy for me. One night I got a friend request from a guy my age. I looked at his profile, and he had a pretty nice cock. I accepted his request, and immediately went to our private messages. He had already sent me one.

"When and where can we fuck?"

I responded, and we talked for a while, making a plan to meet up. We lived about 2 hours away from each other, so we planned to meet at a motel around halfway. I had two conditions. "Don't cum for this entire week, and don't make any plans for the next day." 

We waited for the weekend, and then I drove down to the motel. I made it to the motel first, so I checked in. I texted him the room number, and then sat down and waited. I went into the bathroom and washed up, making sure I was clean for him, and then I had another idea. I had always thought it was kind of hot when someone walked in fully clothed to find the other person waiting completely naked, so I undressed, and laid down on the bed. I waited for a bit before I heard a knock on the door.

I walked over and checked through the peep hole. The face outside matched the one on the profile, I smiled and jiggled the door handle so he could push it open from the other side. I stepped back and sat in the chair across the room. He opened the door and slid in with his bag, closing the door behind him. He looked up and his eyes opened up widely. "Woah, ok I guess you are ready," he said smiling as he set his bag down. He went to the bathroom real quick, and then stepped out, taking off his jacket. I got up and walked slowly towards him. He stopped pulling off his jacket and looked at me. I pressed my body up against his, sliding my right hand down towards the front of his jeans, while my left hand grabbed part of his jacket and slowly slid the rest of it off him. I rubbed my hand up and down on his jeans, and I could feel a small bulge beginning. He leaned in for a kiss and I moved my head away.

"Not yet," I said, "you are earning this."

He smiled and tucked his lower lip in, and I slowly pushed my hands under his shirt and pulled it up over his head. I then pressed my lips onto his stomach and slowly slid down until they were kissing his cock through the jeans. I undid his D-ring belt and unbuttoned his pants. I pulled them down to his knees, and then started kissing his cock again through his underwear while my hand rubbed on his balls and between his thighs. I grabbed the elastic band of his underwear and pulled them down slowly. His cock flopped out, and suddenly I was face to face with another man's cock. I lifted it up, and ran my tongue from his balls to the tip of his penis. His cock had a slightly salty taste, but I liked it. I licked the head of his penis, and tasted the pre-cum with my tongue. I slowly inserted his cock into my mouth and started moving my head back and forth, going about halfway down his cock. He had told me he was 8in, and I was starting to believe it. I felt his hand rest on the top of my head, and I started going at a steady pace.

I did this for a little while, but then he pulled his cock out of my mouth, and stepped out of his pants. He looked kind of funny standing there in just socks, so I took those off for him, and then we were both completely naked. He stood me up, and then hoisted me up onto him. I wrapped my legs around his waist, and felt our cocks press together between our bodies. He put my back against the wall, and started rubbing our cocks together. It felt amazing, and I leaned in and kissed his neck. We made out like that for a while, but I think his arms were getting tired, so he laid me down on the bed and came down on top of me.

We kissed for a while there too, rubbing our groins together. I flipped him over and slid down his body back to his cock. I started blowing him again, and I was determined to go as far as I could. I forced his cock down my throat making sounds as I did, while I rocked my head side to side. His cock hit the back of my throat, and i coughed a bit. I looked down, and I was only just then at halfway. I took a deep breath and pushed further. His cock went deeper than I had ever felt before, and I coughed again. I picked my head up, and then forced it down again. I pushed and pushed, grabbing the back of his legs for force, and pushed further. His cock was actually in my throat. I couldn't breathe, but I loved the feeling strangely. I picked my head up and gasped for air, before plunging it down again. This time I went fast, all the way up, all the way down, every once in a while, I gagged, but I kept going. I was making sounds I had never heard before, and they were so sexy to hear, knowing I was making them.

"I'm going to cum!" he said. I picked my head up and looked at him. 

"I want you to throatfuck me then, right now."

He stood up and pulled me to the edge of the bed, so my head was hanging off. He put one leg up and dropped his cock into my mouth. I started coughing every two or three thrusts, but I told him to keep going. Eventually I got slightly used to it, and only had to stop for a few seconds every once and a while to catch my breath.

He looked down at me and said, "This time I'm going to cum." 

He grabbed the back of my head with both hands and started thrusting as hard as he could in my mouth. I started making the "glugck" noises so loud that I thought the next rooms would complain. I started getting light headed, but then he pulled his cock out some, and I felt warm cum rush into my mouth. It didn't stop, his cock would pulse, and cum would rush into my mouth. I had never had this much cum in my mouth, and when he finally pulled out, I rolled over and let some of it dribble down my chest. I watched the clearish white streaks run down my chest and around my cock. I then looked back at him and opened my mouth so he could see the cum. I tipped my head back and swallowed. Most of the cum went down, and I dripped the rest out onto my cock and rubbed it in.

He laid down on the bed next to me, and started stroking my cock with his hand. I grabbed his wrist, and put my leg up over his so I was on my side. I then guided his hand below my cock, below my balls, and turned it so his finger rested on my ass. I closed my legs around his hand and looked at him. "This is where you cum next," I said while I looked into his eyes. I then started rubbing up and down on his wrist and arm as he circled my ass with his fingers.

About 10 minutes later, he got up and went to his bag. He pulled out a bottle of lube, and started squirting it into his hand, and rubbing it on his cock. I laid back on the bed and spread my legs towards him. I put my arms over my head, and waited. He walked over to me, and squirted the lube into his hand again, before rubbing it on my ass, and a little inside with his finger. 

"Go slow for me please," I said, "I've never had a cock this big before."

He looked at me and laughed a bit to himself. He then stepped closer, and I felt something press against my ass. It slowly went in, and I knew right there, that I knew nothing about the pain this was going to bring. He slid the tip in, and I bit my lower lip. He started going further, and I had to tell him to pause a couple of times. Eventually when I thought he was all the way in, he told me he was halfway. I could feel his cock inside me, and I could feel my ass pulsing on his cock. The burning sensation was really powerful, so he started just going back and forth with what was already in.

He did this for a while, and the pain eventually became bearable. I had him go further in. I had never felt something so deep inside my ass. It didn't even feel like he was in my ass, it felt like he was past that. He started thrusting slowly with most of his cock in, and I tried to hide how painful it was. I focused on the pleasure I felt at the same time. We did this for a little while, and then 

I stopped him, looked him in the eye, and said, "Now fuck me like a man you fuckin' pussy."

He gave me a weird look for a second, and then grabbed my legs, put my feet straight in the air, grabbed my ankles, and started thrusting as fast and deep as he could.
