 Prologue 5 years ago

18 year old Kenny sat beside the bed holding his mother's hand. He was both frightened but calm at the same time. When she had been diagnosed with lung Cancer a year ago, the doctors had given her weeks. Yet now, almost a year later, she was still hanging on. As he held her hand though, he knew the end was near. Her grip was a lot less than it used to be and her face was contorted with pain.

He was afraid because she was all he had in the world. For as long as he could remember it were just him and his mom. His dad had left when he was a baby, something about not being happy in the relationship. He hadn't had the best childhood; he spent a lot of his time with the neighbor while his mother worked two jobs to support them. When he was sixteen, he quit school and went to work at the local construction site to help his mom out. He was a foreman now and made enough money to pay for her hospital bills.

He felt her eyes on him and looked down at her with a smile. "What?" he asked softly, brushing her sweat coated black hair back from her face. Even laying there dying, Kenny thought his mother was the most beautiful woman in the world. She stood a little over 5'10", but the Cancer seemed to have shrunk her a bit. She was slender, but not overly so, she kept her jet black hair long until it pooled around her waist. But it was her eyes that always seemed to attract the men. They were lavender, although in the right light, they looked like a dark purple.

Kenny had her hair and eyes, but other than that, he was his entire mysterious father. He stood over 6' with a slender build that he had actually muscled up a bit working construction. He had a nine inch cock that was thick; he barely was able to wrap his hand around it. Of course he had never had sex with anyone, so he didn't know what it would like to be inside someone. See, Kenny was gay, he had never told anyone, including his mother. But he had known for a long time that girls just didn't interest him. As friends, sure, no problem, but as lovers, nope, the spark wasn't there. Of course he hadn't met the right man yet either, but he figured he was young he had plenty of time to discover love.

He turned back to the woman in front of him as she put her hand against his cheek. He closed his eyes and leaned into her hand, then leaned down as her voice came out in a whisper. "Promise me you will look for your dad Kenny. I know he loved you, even if he didn't love me. There is a letter in my nightstand drawer, addressed to you. He wanted you to have it when you were old enough. Promise me."

Kenny blinked back tears as he opened his eyes and looked down at her. He had to swallow twice before he was able to speak through the lump in his throat. "I promise mamma." He rested his head against her chest and closed his eyes listening to her heart try to beat.

She ran her hand lightly over his head and took a shuddering breath. "I love you baby." She said softly, and then she closed her eyes. He heard her heart give another couple of beats then there was nothing but silence and her hand fell limp against him. He wrapped his arm around her waist holding her tight as he let the tears he had held back fall. "I love you too mamma." He said to the quiet room

 

Chapter 1 Present day

Kenny stepped out of the air conditioned airport into the hot Florida heat. He slid his sunglasses on over his eyes as he looked around. It had been a long five years. A lot of heartache and longing as well as uncertainty. After he buried his mother, he spent the next month going through her things trying to decide what to keep and what to give to Goodwill.

It was two days later when he found the letter that his mother had been talking about. He had thrown it on the bed without opening the envelope and continued going through her things. He didn't know anything about his father, the man had been MIA for the past 18 years, why would he want to find him now?

He carried the letter around in his wallet for six months before he finally decided to open it. He was sitting at his dining room table, just finished with dinner and pulled it out. It was worn from being folded in his wallet. He opened the envelope carefully and pulled out the papers inside. There were two pages of writing and a picture. When he looked at the picture, he understood what his mom had said when he said he was a spitting image of his father.

The man was basically an older version of Kenny. Instead of the black hair and lavender eyes, he had dishwater blonde hair, with ice blue eyes, that seemed to see inside you even from the picture. He was leaning against an old 73 mustang smiling at the camera as he held a baby in his arms. Kenny didn't need anyone to tell him the baby was him. The man was smiling as he looked at the camera as if it was the proudest moment of his life. He turned the picture over and read the inscription on the back.

"Mike and Kenny at the road show. March 1973, Kenny, age 6 months."

Kenny closed his eyes as his fingers tightened on the photograph and he blinked back tears. He hadn't cried since that day his mother died and he told himself he wasn't going to cry over a man he'd never met. He took a ragged breath and opened his eyes, realizing he had the picture clenched in his tight, closed fist. He loosened his hand and straightened out the picture as he tried once more to blink back the tears. His father had left two months after that picture was taken. As he stared at the picture of his father holding him, he had one burning question in his mind. WHY?

With shaking hands, he put the picture on the table and picked up the letter and began to read:

"Kenny;

I know by now you are probably pissed at hell at me. What kind of man walks away from his own son? I can tell you so many things, that there was another woman, that I found something better. That I didn't love your mother enough to stay. But all of it besides the last would be a lie. I didn't love your mother, not the way a man should. I only married her because I got drunk one night, ended up in bed with her and you came along nine months later.

I doubt she ever told you this, but you were the product of a one night stand that never should have happened. If she ever reads this, then she will know what I'm about to tell you, but I am sealing this letter so hopefully she never will. See Kenny, I'm gay, have been my whole life. I have never had any interest in women as a sexual partner. The thought of sinking into a woman's pussy, well let's just say instead of turning me on like most men, it actually turned me off, in a big way." Kenny actually chuckled at that part, he was the same way. He continued reading:

"Anyway, like I said, I was drunk that night. How I actually managed to get it up enough to not only have sex with her, but actually get her pregnant, I have no clue. But apparently I did, because you were the result. Hell, I even made her get a paternity test when I found out she was pregnant, because I didn't think it was possible that I was the father.

Of course those tests don't lie, so I did the honorable thing and married her. Before you ask, yes, we did have sex while we were together. I would just close my eyes and imagine I was sinking into a tight male ass instead of her pussy. She was tight enough that the illusion worked. That and the fact that we only did it doggie style so I didn't have to see her tits bouncing as I ripped into her. I know, not an image a kid wants of his parents but there you go.

Anyway, after almost a couple of years, the illusion got harder to maintain. She wasn't as tight after you were born. I tried to get her to let me fuck her up the ass, but she was a prude on that. She kept telling me that hole is exit only, not meant to have anything go into it.

I finally got to the point that I couldn't stand having sex with her anymore. We actually stayed together for about three months after I stopped fucking her. Personally between you and me, I think she was screwing some guy she worked with but she never offered to tell me and I never asked. I will tell you I never was with anyone else while I was with your mother, but that doesn't mean that the craving for a cock in my mouth and ass wasn't there. It finally got to the point that I just couldn't take it anymore. I loved you to pieces and hated the thought of leaving you behind, but I didn't think a gay man trying to raise a child was a good idea. So I gave her some bullshit story about another woman, packed up my things and left.

I don't know if you want anything to do with me. I will understand if you don't want to meet me or ever see me but I thought you should know the truth about why I wasn't there when you were growing up. It's not that I didn't love you or that I don't now. That one night may have been my hell, but Kenny, you were my heaven that came out of that night. I don't regret fathering you and I am hoping you can forgive an old man enough to try to give us a chance at a real relationship.

I'm moving back to Florida to stay with my parents until I can work something else out. I'll leave their address at the bottom of this letter. If you ever do decide to contact me, just send a letter there, even if I'm not living there anymore, they will know how to get a hold of me. I love you son and pray that someday you will give me a chance to be the father I should have been now.

Yours forever,

Your father,

Mike"

Kenny looked at the bottom of the letter. There was a Ft. Lauderdale address; his father lived on the other side of the country. No wonder he had never come around. He set the letter on the table next to the picture and just stared off into space unsure if knowing the truth was a revelation or maybe a nightmare. He understood why his father had left, but why couldn't he have contacted him over the years, at least showed some interest in his only son, even if that son was an accident, he was still his own flesh and blood.

Kenny stood up and turned off the lights and headed for his room. He had to work in the morning but as he slid naked into his empty bed and put his hands behind his head, he knew sleep would be hard in coming. A lot had been revealed tonight and he wasn't sure how to deal with any of it.

It took him another two years before he finally built up the courage to send Mike a letter. He didn't call him dad in the letter or in his mind. How could he call a man dad that he had never met? He told him how he had felt abandoned all these years and while he understood why he had left, he didn't understand why Mike hadn't at least contacted him.

As he put the letter in the mailbox, he wondered if he would get a response, and for that matter if he really wanted one.

Now as he stood in the Florida heat, he thought back to the day he opened his mail box and found that letter from his dad. There had been stains on the paper, so he knew the older man had cried as he wrote it. He had talked about how glad he was that Kenny had decided to contact him and how he was sorry he hadn't contacted him sooner. He had been afraid of how Marla would react if he showed up at their door so he had stayed away. He told Kenny how his grandparents had passed away and that he was living in his childhood home, with his husband Mark. He had sent a picture of him and Mark together and Kenny had to admit his dad had good taste.

Mark was at least part American Indian, he had the darker skin tone and high cheek bones. His eyes were jet black and matched the waist length hair that flowed down his back. He was like his father, slender but not overly so. He was smiling into the camera as Mike leaned against his chest, his arms wrapped around Mike's shoulders. As he stared at the picture, Kenny felt his cock harden in his pants. At 20, he was still a virgin. He knew some clubs would let people under 21 in but he hadn't built up the courage to actually visit one. 

Over the last couple of years, Mike and Kenny had exchanged over a hundred letters back and forth. It was only over the last few months that they actually started talking to each other on the phone. Mike kept pushing Kenny to come for a visit, but he kept making excuses on why he couldn't. The truth was, he was attracted not only to Mark, but to his dad as well. The thought of his father wrapping his lips around his cock, gave him wet dreams quite a few nights.

He knew his father was gay, and he had admitted to him that yes, he took after him in more ways than he thought. Mike had laughed when Kenny admitted he was gay. "Talk about a chip of the old block." Mike said with a laugh. Kenny had closed his eyes as a shiver ran through his body at the deepness of his father's voice. He had forced his voice to be normal until they hung up but by the time they did hang up, his cock was so hard, he had to jack off twice before he could sleep. He wanted to meet his dad, but how did he explain to a man who had disappeared almost 22 years ago that he lusted after him. Incest was wrong, everyone knew that, but he couldn't help the fact that he wanted his dad to fuck him. He wanted him to fuck him in the worst way.

Mike had finally convinced him to visit a couple of weeks ago. He had let slip that his vacation was coming up and no, he didn't have any plans. In the end, Mike was practically pleading with Kenny to come visit him. "I want to meet my son." He said and Kenny could hear the tears in his voice. He wasn't sure if he would be able to hide his attraction, but he knew he couldn't hide from him forever, so he agreed to spend his two week vacation in Florida with Mike and Mark.

Once Kenny had his vacation set up and the airline tickets arranged he called Mike. Mike promised that he and Mark would meet him at the airport. Now as he blinked in the Florida sun, he once again wondered if this was really a good idea. He had actually convinced himself to turn around and catch the next flight home when he heard someone call his name. He turned towards the voice and caught his breath in his throat. Mike was walking towards him with Mark beside him. He was dressed in a pair of jeans that looked painted on, with cowboy boots and a pale blue tank top that seemed molded to his body. His hair was pulled back in a tie at the base of his neck. Kenny knew his father had long hair, just like he did, although from the pictures Mike had sent him, his hair was longer then Kenny's shoulder length.

Mark was dressed pretty much the same way Mike was, except he was wearing a dark purple tank top that seemed to show off the muscles in his chest. Both men were wearing sunglasses and Kenny barely got to really look at Mark when they walked up because he was suddenly pressed against Mike's chest as Mike pulled him into a hug. "God, you are all grown up." Mike said fighting back tears as he held Kenny in his arms.

Kenny stayed stiff in his arms for a second. But then he leaned his head against the older man's shoulder and picked up a scent that was all him. There was a slight sent of Old spice, but the rest was all male. Kenny rested his face against his father's shoulder as he wrapped his arms around him, holding him like he was the last man on Earth. When Kenny relaxed against him, Mike tightened his arms around his son. He felt Kenny's cock hardening between them and smiled against his son's hair but he didn't do anything else, just held him against him. "I've missed you dad." Kenny said softly smelling his father's shoulder as the tears he had held back for the past five years finally fell silently down his cheeks.

At Kenny's soft words, the tears Mike had been blinking back, slid silently down his own cheeks and he held Kenny even tighter. "I've missed you too." He said his voice choked with emotion.

Mark stood off to the side as father and son reunited after all these years apart. He knew how many nights Mike had cried in his arms for his son, wondering if he would ever see him again. He knew Mike regretted leaving Kenny behind. He had told him it was the hardest thing he had ever done. Now watching the man he loved more than life itself holding the son he figured he would never hold again, Mark blinked back his own tears and just smiled.

Mike and Kenny just clung to each other in the Florida heat. Each crying silent tears as they found the one man they had searched for all their lives but were sure they would never find again. When they were both finally able to compose themselves, Kenny pulled back, wiping his eyes on his shirt sleeve. Mike wiped his own eyes then turned to man he had spent the last 10 years with. He wrapped his arm around Mark's shoulders and looked back at his son. "This is Mark, the love of my life." Mike said his voice still rough with emotion.

Kenny looked at Mark and smiled. "It's nice to meet you."

Mark pulled away from Mike's arm and moved up to Kenny. "You have no idea how long he has been waiting for this day." He said with a soft accent.

Kenny was glad Mark couldn't see his eyes, as he looked down at his feet. "Yeah, well I had some things to take care of first."

He was startled when Mark suddenly wrapped him in a hug. "Thank you for coming Kenny, you have no idea how much this means to Mike." He said softly against Kenny's ear.

Kenny looked at his father over Mark's shoulder. Even through the sunglasses, Kenny knew his father was beaming, watching the two men he loved most in this world in front of him. He hugged Mark back gently, "it's not a problem." He said quietly then pulled out of the other man's arms.

Mark let the younger man pull back, but he smiled softly. Like Mike had, he had felt Kenny's rock hard cock pressed against him. He knew Mike had said his son was gay, but he wasn't completely convinced. Now the older man was and wondered if the apple really did fall very far from the proverbial tree.

Chapter 2

Kenny finished drying his hair with the towel then threw it in the corner as he sat on the bed, he would be spending the next two weeks in, in just a towel. Once they had finally left the airport, Mike had taken Kenny and Mark out to his favorite restaurant for dinner then drove them around showing off the sites of his hometown. By the time they got to the house, Kenny was exhausted and just wanted a cool shower and bed.

Mike had wanted to stay up talking, but Mark convinced him to let his son get some sleep. "He will be here for two weeks love; you'll have plenty of time to get to know him." Mark said pulling Mike towards their bedroom.

Mike had stopped long enough to hug Kenny once more before he let Mark lead him away. After they disappeared Kenny headed for the shower. He let the cool water rinse away the sweat of the day and then just stood under the spray for a few minutes wondering once more how he was going to hide his attraction to the two men in the other room. He had finally turned off the water, and wrapped a towel around his waist and hair then headed for the guest room. He didn't hear any noises coming from his father's room and figured they were probably asleep. 

As he unwrapped the towel around his waist and lay down on the sheets, he looked at the clock. It was a little after 1 in the morning. His cock was rock hard and throbbing but for once he didn't bother jacking off, he just closed his eyes and imagined that the man in the other room was sucking on him as he drifted off to sleep.

Kenny had been wrong, Mike and Mark weren't asleep. In fact they were lying in bed curled up in each other's arms. Mark had just finished fucking Mike hard and deep until they both came, and now they were lying in the afterglow. Mike was resting with his head on Mark's chest, running his fingers in circles over the other man's chest hair as Mark ran his hand over Mike's back. "He wants you, you know." Mark said softly stroking his fingers down Mike's back.

Mike sighed and kissed Mark's chest softly. "Yeah I know; I felt it when I hugged him at the airport. Problem is, I have no idea what to do about it."
