 Lost Bet 2: So That Happened.

 "Shit!" Leo grunted multiple times as he wormed his way through the string web to get back to the other side of his room and throw on his clothes. I cleaned my chin and clothes with a towel I found on the floor. 

"Who do you think it is?" Leo asked me.

"How should I know, it's your house" I replied.

"You don't have to be rude Daren just a-"

Leo didn't need to finish his sentence because we had our answer, the doorway swung open with such force it was almost as if Leo's father knew what we were doing. Once he opened the door and took in the scene a look of shock enveloped his face that might as well have said "if this shit isn't put back to the way I left it, I will kill you". Lucky Leo had just finished putting all of his clothes back on so those questions didn't come up at all.

"What the hell is this?" Leo's dad grumbled.

"It's a game dad" Leo started "Daren and me just thought that we'd-"

"Whatever you thought un-think it and take this yarn down before you mess up the fan." Leo's dad interrupted quickly "Now I just came back here to check up on you and see how you would be with the house to yourself for the night, but now I'm not sure if I can leave you alone for just one night."

"I'm sorry sir." I finally chimed in "This is just a game I play with my family a lot and I suggested it to Leo, it really is all my fault, but I'll be happy to help Leo clean all of this up and then be on my way home for the night."

"That's very kind of you Daren." Leo's father regarded me as if I was a new puppy who had an accident on the carpet. "However you are welcome to stay the night I'm sure Leo would love your company and I would definitely like for someone with a little common sense to be here to watch him."

Leo and I exchanged a small look but I answered "That's okay, I have to get home tonight."

"Well then you two get started and by the time I leave this better be done Leo." Leo's father took one last double take at me "Daren you have a splotch on your cheek."

"What?!" I quickly turned to the nearest mirror I could find and there it was a small white cum blob on the back of my left cheek, "Oh...um...that's probably pudding, from when I was feeding Erica (my baby sister) yeah that tantrum wasn't the only thing she was throwing today, Leo I can't believe you let me go through this day with this on my face."

"Oh I'm wicked." Leo nervously laughed but his eyes kept saying nice save bro.

Leo's father then took his hand and wiped the "pudding" off my face gave it a second look over then sucked it off his thumb. 

"Strange, but not too bad." Leo's father reviewed as I fought back a laugh and Leo silently retched behind him. Leo's father then walked out and we got started cleaning up.

 When we were done putting up the yarn and Leo's father had left we stood there in his room until I broke the silence.

"So...that happened."

"Yes, the past hour was extremely...eventful."

"Yeah, and then your dad came in."

"Hey, how do you do that?"

"Do what?"

"Defuse him, when he came in he was ready to kill, one sentence from you and he's a de-clawed kitten. Are you a witch?"

"Ha, no parents just like me, some more than their own kids, sorry but you fall into the latter category."

We forced a laughed, a constricted feeling filled the atmosphere. Leo was silent and I could not think of anything to say to ease the situation, I took the hint that he didn't want to talk about what happened just yet, so I went home. 

 Two weeks later I was in the public library my last class of the day had been canceled and I was waiting on my ride when I saw Leo down the comic's aisle.

"Of all the library joints in all the world," I started as I walked up to Leo.

"You had to walk into mine." Leo finished. 

"So how's the new place?" 

"Huge, and best of all I have my own building with its own entrance and everything, sure it was supposed to be a garage but I'll take what I am given"

We chuckled "So, are we ever going to talk about what happened, or is it just cannon fodder for my future therapist?" I get tired of small talk very quickly, blunt is my default setting.

"I almost forgot how direct you can be"

"Forgot, I sucked you off 14 days ago how much could you really forget?"

"Hey, keep your voice down this is still a library, and... even after what happened...I'm still straight." Leo's facial expression was hard to read, but I decided not to worry about that for long. "What about you?"

"Um, yeah, I had your throbbing, hard, penis in my mouth and wanted to put it somewhere else before you exploded all over me, so I'm gonna go ahead and say I'm definitely gay."

"Wow you get descriptive when you're angry" Leo noted.

"Look," I started to calm down "I'm not angry it's just you were there and what happened, happened, and then you literally disappeared. You never told Jo or me where your family was moving to you stopped answering calls and text, no insta', no snapchat, no Facebook."

"I'm sorry" Leo was sincere. 

"You're forgiven" I assured him, "just don't ghost on us anymore." Leo nodded and we started looking at the comics available. 

 "Wait you have your own car right?" I asked after some time of looking through comics.

"Yeah parked right outside, why?"

"Why the hell are we still here?!" I questioned. "I don't like books, let's go, I'll call my brother and tell him I found a ride"

"Oh so seven minutes ago you were pissed, possibly at me ready to punch me, and now I'm your ride home?"

"Yeah, this is compensation for the unscheduled two week hiatus, get your keys let's go."

 Later on Leo and I were at my house playing a video games, we didn't really talk much because right after we got there my parents instantly left to check on my grandmother for the weekend, and my older brother had my baby sister at his place for the night. So as time passed without anyone speaking I decided to lighten the move in the worst way possible.

"Hey if you win this match I'll suck your dick" I flashed an awkward smile in his direction.

"Not funny" Leo simply said.

"Oh don't be like that you know you loved it, my chin definitely knows you loved it, and your father almost found out how much you loved it." I laughed, Leo stopped playing.

"Dare, what do you want from me, do you want me to go into vivid detail about how great that was," Leo asked, "do you want me to explain how that was, by far, the best nut I have ever bust in my life, better than any jack-off session I have had, or any girl I've been with. Do you want me to throw off my clothes and say that the things you did were astonishing, and have been the only thing I can think of and jerk to everyday for the past two weeks?" Leo's breathing was heavy and his face gave a look of worried longing.

"Yeah that'd work" I answered jokingly.

Leo smiled, crossed over to my side of the couch we were sitting in, and kissed me. A shock of instant elation fired through my body, I dropped the game controller and grabbed the couch cushions, my toes curled, and I got hard faster than I would like to admit. We made out for a couple of seconds when he stood up. 

"The things you did to my body were astonishing," Leo said as he took off his shirt and threw it behind him.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Don't interrupt" He snipped. He unbuckled his belt and pulled off his shoes and socks "I have thought of you every night since that day. No girl, or porn could cause me to bust the way you did. Every imagination I tried to jack off to was instantly invaded by the images of what you did for me, and I intend to pay you back 100 times over Daren Carver." 

Leo was now standing there in front of me fully naked with his 6in black cock standing straight up, his piss hole at eye level with me. I stared at my friend's almost scrawny frame, his small six pack, skinny legs that led down to big feet. I smiled and stood up to thank him and kiss him until I realized something.

"I haven't" I said.

"What?" He wondered.

"I haven't jerked, jacked, thought, or bust since that day, actually before that day because of your dad." I explained.

"How?" 

"When I left I was going to because being with you was amazing, but then my parents left for dinner and I really did have to watch Erica, then I washed my clothes, then a week went by and between classes, band and dance practice, and work at the homeless shelter, I just didn't have time to think about it."

I stood there wondering how I put masturbating off for two weeks I was a 19 year old college male, that's like all we're supposed to do. But I was quickly broken from my daze because Leo rushed up and kissed me so hard that we feel back onto the couch. 

"I can fix that," Leo said before he started to take off my shirt. We went back to making out for a while but then he undid my pants and kissed his way down my body. "You really are a bear," Leo chuckled as kissed my somewhat hairy belly.

"Bear cub," I said as I pushed my pants and underwear under my butt. Leo then went in to suck my dick, but I intercepted him and kissed him. When we broke away he smiled and then went in. As soon as his mouth wrapped around my dick my head went back and my back curved, Leo was bobbing up and down in perfect rhythm as if he was a professional. 

"Oh my god," I screamed, "Have you been practicing or something?" 

Leo freed his mouth "The day after we did it, I was horny and tried jacking off, but it didn't feel like enough, I went out and bought a started dildo, so yeah I have been practicing."

"You are such an over achiever" I commented but then he went back to the blowjob, and I was speechless. Feeling his hot, soggy, mouth go down then work its way back up my shaft, his tongue danced around the head when he got to the top. I was shaking, moaning, and groaning, pretty much everything he was doing when I was sucking him off. But I wanted more. I pulled Leo's head up to mine, and wrapped my legs around his torso, I could feel his rock hard dick pressing against my ass crack.

"Leo, I want you" I whispered. He kissed me, but I guess it didn't register until after the kiss what I was asking because when we broke apart his eyes widened and he started stuttering franticly. 

"Oh, okay...okay, um yeah, sure, okay, condom right, right, condom" He fiddled with his pants on the ground as if they were a live bomb, as he was looking for the condom I moved over to my bed and took off the rest of my clothes. 

"Condom!" Leo shouted as he pulled it out of his wallet like it was the Holy Grail. 

"Congratulations" I smiled and laid my back on my bed, my own six inch penis standing up and twitching with excitement.

"Okay" Leo walked over to me on the bed and took a deep breath, he put the condom on spit in his hand for lube. I lifted my legs and spread my cheeks, Leo almost started hyperventilating, but he pulled it together and put the spit filled hand to my ass and stuck his finger in occasionally spitting on my ass for more lube. I moved more onto the bed resting my back on my pillows, Leo lifted my legs above my head and lined hid dick with my ass hole.

"Are you sure you're ready?" He asked (like an idiot) I reached down and grabbed his dick moving it right up to my hole. "Are you?" I responded. Leo leaned in, kissed me again, and slid into my hole. My back arched and I winced in pain, but I wrapped my arms around him, and he slid back out. We repeated this about five times, each time he would go in deeper and deeper, and I would enjoy the feeling more and more. Soon after we had gotten into a grove Leo started picked up the pace.

I was breathing hard. "Leo...Leo" I had wanted to ask him to slow down but it was feeling amazing and the words never got out, so Leo went faster...and faster... and faster.

"Say my name more" Leo demanded. I felt like responding with a quick quip about how this is not a dictatorship, but the only thing that came out was "Leo... oh yes...Leo, Leo, Leo, Leo, LEO!" 

We were now in the throes of passion, my eyes were about to roll to the back of my head, Leo let out grunt after grunt and he drilled my ass like a jackhammer. I noticed that my dick was flopping around, still hard but I felt it softening from neglect, Leo noticed me noticing and took my dick in his hand and a new feeling of ecstasy filled me up "Thank you!" I shouted, "Yes Leo, Leo, Leo, Leo, Leo!" I felt my leg start to tremor, and my toes curled. Leo froze, his dick was so deep inside me, I threw my head back and my arms went up and grabbed the first thing they could which was the curtains behind my bed. I was screaming out Leo's name when I felt the biggest release of my life, the first streams of cum flew to my curtain, the next hit my right cheek, and then into my open mouth, more shot onto my neck then down to my stomach. For a moment it was perfect, Leo watched me swallow my own cum and he started to smile, but then his gaze went up as my curtain came down, I had pulled it off during my release. I felt Leo's dick leave my ass and I moved the curtain off me.

I was laughing. "So that happened." I joked but Leo was not reacting to me, he just knelt there starring out of my window his face was a mix of shame, fear, and recognition. I didn't understand, until I turned around, and looked over my headboard and saw on the other side of my window was Greg, Leo's soon to be brother in law.