 I went to the sun room of my house and let Greg in the back door. He couldn't meet my eyes, but I didn't put any clothes on so when he looked down all he could see was my naked body and Leo's cum dribbling down my thigh. So he looked straight over my head he wasn't that much taller than me but it was still effective.

"What are you doing here?" I asked because it was all I could say at the time. Greg didn't answer he just walked in and continued through the room, but he was going the wrong way so I led him to where Leo was waiting.

"What are you doing here?" Leo unknowingly repeated as we entered the room.

"He wouldn't say" I answered.

"Get dressed Leo, I'm here to take you home." Greg finally confessed.

"Take me home" Leo asked, "I have my own car I can drive wherever I need to."

"Yes but your father needs to see you now, we've been looking for you for hours." Greg explained.

"Oh my god is my dad here!" 

"No, he sent the whole family out to find you. Just be lucky I am the one that did."

"I'm sorry when did your dad become a mob boss?" I joked Greg did not find it as funny as I did.

"This is not funny Darren, this is also none of your business, so, Leo if you could please put your clothes on and we will get out of your hair." Greg was too serious for me but apparently when I get nervous I can't stop making inappropriate jokes.

"My pubic hair?" I said, Leo hid a smirk but covered it with a palm to his forehead, Greg picked up the nearest pants and through it at Leo.

"Get dressed, let's go" He ordered. Leo started to put on the pants he was stuffing his semi erect cock in and zipping up when I spoke up again.

"What does Mr. Johnson want with Leo that's so important?" I asked Greg.

"What does it matter to you, as I said before this is not your business?" Greg snapped.

"Fine don't tell me. I stick to what is my business, are you going to say anything about Leo and I?" 

"That's my business not yours."

"Quite the contrary this has to do with me, Leo, and you now." I was getting a little belligerent "I need to know if you are going to out me and my friend."

"No, maybe, I don't know yet, could you put some clothes on then we can discuss this?" Greg pleaded.

"No! If I put clothes on I lose my leverage"

"I... You...UGH! Leo I'll be waiting outside for you to follow in your car."

"Wait Greg, what is it going to take for you to not say anything, I'll pay you, I'll clean your car, or I'll plan your wedding." I really didn't want for Leo to get in trouble I genially would have done any of those things. But I really didn't expect for Leo to say what he said next.

"We'll suck you off!" Leo pretty much shouted over Greg and my arguing.

"What?" Greg asked, I was miraculously speechless.

Leo then held up a phone, my phone, I looked closer and saw that Leo had put on my pants, the ones that Greg through him. On the phone was a mobile hook-up app that I had downloaded a while ago, the picture on the app was of a light skinned, muscular, guy in a tank top and jock strap.

"This is you." Leo explained "the app tells you when others on the app are close, I felt it vibrate, and when I opened it I see you, I recognized this tattoo on your fore arm." Leo pointed to barely visible One Piece, straw hat, tattoo on the left arm of the guy in the photo, the same one that was on Greg's arm now.

"So here's the deal," Leo continued "Dare and I suck you off, or more if you want, whenever you want we are 100% yours, in exchange we all never talk about this or any future encounters.

I couldn't believe what Leo was proposing, to be at the complete beck and call of his sister's future husband. And what about us, what does that make us boyfriends, concubines, sister wives! 

"Fine." Greg agreed quickly, "I know when I'm caught, and this is a really good deal for all, let's do it."

I was still too shocked to say anything, the next thing I know Greg and Leo were undressing themselves. When Leo was fully naked again he came over to me.

"Everything is going to be fine" He whispered "As soon as I tell my family hell have nothing on us, we won't have to do this for long." He kissed me, somehow I felt incredibly safe with him, and I knew it all would be fine based simply on the fact that he said so. I couldn't protest as he started to stroke my dick and guided us both down onto our knees. When we broke away from our kiss Greg was standing over us naked.

Greg was gorgeous, Leo's sister had amazing taste. He stood about five feet eleven inches and was maybe 238 pounds of pure muscle. His light brown skin contradicted his dark black pubic hair, but he had no other hair on his body, his top head was as bald as his bottom. Greg's penis was the biggest I had ever seen, it was bigger than I was when I was hard but he was still soft. It took my breath away being that close to it, the rough veins coming off it were beautiful and called to me. I was so mesmerized I had forgotten that Leo was still next to me, When I looked over to him he seemed mesmerized as well. When I looked back at Greg marvelous manhood I opened my mouth to take a breath, but I felt Leo's hand on the back of mine, and he pushed me right onto the cock. My mouth was instantly filled with the soft muscle and I couldn't help but grab onto Greg's massive thighs. I was admiring his legs and perfectly firm ass when what I believe to be adrenaline took over and I went to town on this man's stiffening cock.

Greg must have had plenty of blowjobs, because he was not as effected by my head and Leo was our first time. Sure he was enjoying himself, but he maintained his composure and let his dick come to life in my mouth. Completely erect Greg's cock was nine inches long and thick as can of soda. There was no way a newbie like me could fully satisfy this masterpiece alone. Thankfully I was not alone, I had looked up once to see if Greg was happy, his head was back and mouth open so that was a good sign, and when I looked back down Leo was slurping on the left side of the remaining shaft that I could not fit. Together Leo and I ravaged Greg until his dick glistened with our saliva. 

Our collective moans were the only sounds being made until Greg spoke. "Get on the bed" he said between breaths. Leo and I were currently sucking both sides of his dick moving simultaneously our lips touching, but he ordered us to get on the bed we couldn't hesitate. I moved the curtain that I had pulled down, laid down on my back, and threw my legs in the air. Leo started to get on me, but Greg stopped him. I put my legs down while Greg bent Leo over and forced fed him my dick. I shivered with pleasure feeling Leo on my dick again, and I received extra pleasure when he started to moan and I could feel the vibrations on my cock. I didn't even notice that my eyes were closed until I had opened them and saw why Leo started moaning. Greg was eating his ass OUT. Leo was getting so much ecstasy from this his mouth closed in more on me, the extra pressure was a welcome change, also in his rimming excitement Leo's knees buckled but Greg grabbed his waist and picked him up never ceasing in his chomping on Leo's chocolate ass. 

I wanted to continue this scene forever but I noticed that Greg was starting to soften from neglect so I turned myself to it, while Leo was still bobbing on me, and put the veiny cock back into my mouth. We were in this triangle of delight for a couple of minutes until Greg lowered Leo back to the ground, thus taking his own dick out of my mouth and replacing it with Leo's. 

"Leo...fuck him." Greg demanded as he sat on the table in front of my couch.

We quickly got out of our 69 and resumed the position that we were in before Greg came in. Leo kissed me and then spit in his hand and rubbed it on my asshole, then brought his hand back up and let me spit on it to rub on his dick. In an instant we were back at it as if Greg was never there, it was just Leo's scrawny body on top of my big boned self, and we were blissfully together. It wasn't until he started shaking and groaning "oh...oh no" that we both remembered that he was going in bareback. In our hormone filled stupor Leo never put a condom on, and it felt amazing! Feeling Leo's pulsating cock in my ass as it unloaded ten powerful streams of cum up my gut was electrifying and my moans displayed my enthusiasm. Leo slipped out of me and looked down to see that his dick was covered in his own cum. He splayed out on top of me tired from the release and I kissed his head. Meanwhile Greg had stood up and gotten closer to us pumping his dick with a big smile.

"That was awesome, now who wants the real pipe?" Greg said as he got behind Leo and I. He was choosing one of us to fuck, and with Leo's ass still wet from the rim job, and mine oozing sperm, to him we were both ready. I'm not sure what came over me but I could feel Greg about to pick Leo, and for some reason I really didn't want that to happen. So I flipped Leo over to where our positions were reversed and held my cum filled hole up awaiting Greg.

"If you think you can handle it, go for it" I said like the slut I was pretending to be. Greg took the bait and ripped open a condom package.

"Where did you get that?" Leo asked.

"I always have at least two condoms on me" Greg replied.

"Why didn't you give me one?"

"Because I told you to fuck him, if I wanted you to fuck him with a condom I would have told you to" Greg was starting to get a little too big for his britches in my book. But before I could say anything.

"Heeyeye...hoooooo...mmmhm." I couldn't stop the groans I was making, just the tip of Greg's dick was in and I felt like giving up and going back to the car washing idea I had. Greg was pretty much just vibrating in me to get my ass acclimated to his member and I could feel every twitch surge through my body, I then felt a warm almost liquid substance on my hole.

"So along with condoms, you also comes stocked with a small amount of lube?" Leo chided in my defense.

"After I got you to your father I was going... out." Greg responded. Leo looked pissed, he could handle this arrangement with Greg but now understanding that this guy has been cheating on his sister really made him mad. I knew he needed some form of revenge.

"Move." I told Leo.

"What?" He asked

"Move."

"Why?" 

"Just do it." 

"For what reason?"

"It'll be fine I have a little plan." I kissed him and he slid out from under me off the bed. I flipped around to my back, the position I am now known for, and with my feet brought Greg's hips to my ass.

"Let's do this thing, give me the real pipe." I declared as I lifted my legs up. Greg was way too ready to comply and put my legs on his shoulders. I took the lube from him and poured more on my hole and some on his dick. I then put it to my side.

Greg's dick slid into me so well I couldn't catch my breath until he was all the way in, he had successfully filled me up and I thought that I was going to black out from the amazing sensation. Greg started pumping and I started grunting happily to his rhythm. 

"Oh yes, god, oh yeah...do it, yes, yes, yes!" I shouted as Greg picked up the pace. I vision couldn't focus and I was loving every second of it. I had to catch myself every once in a while because my mouth would forget to close and I would start slobbering. Greg was cheerfully fucking me silly, and started laughing at every moan and groan of mine.

"Oh yeah tell me you love this cock up your ass, bitch." Greg yelled at me. Leo had started to step in but I interrupted him.

"I love it... I love this huge cock filling me up...don't stop, fuck me like a bitch...make me your bitch!" I grunted. Looking over at Leo I could see that he was almost hurt but at the time I was too preoccupied to explain my plan, so I just shifted myself a little and Greg took the bait moving my left leg down from off of his right shoulder. Greg then shifted his left leg up closer to me for better traction, now with his head only inches away from me I started making out with him. The kiss caused Greg to slow down but not stop fucking me, and when we broke apart he started to kiss my neck and resumed in picking up his pace. I looked Leo in his eyes and though he seemed betrayed I hoped he could see through what I was doing, but just in case he was a little dumb I told him what he could do. I pointed to Greg's ass, and threw the lube toward Leo. Fuck him I mouthed while Greg was busy with my neck, the idea seemed to wash over Leo giving him full clarity of my actions. Leo started stroking his dick and in no time he was ready to enact his revenge. Thankfully while this was going on I could go back to enjoying Greg, but if Leo ever asks I was only pretending.

"Oh yes!" Greg yelled, I looked over to see Leo's head deeply buried in Greg's ass cheeks, it was almost funny because Greg's cheek was about as big as Leo's whole head. Greg was having the time of his life whooping and hollering at his dominating position, looking down on me and having Leo service him to his content, he probably felt rather godlike, I say that because looking at the sweat gleaming off is body he looked like a shining Greek god. But when Leo departed from him, he almost didn't understand what was happening.

"What are you doing?" He asked Leo while he continued to fill me up. "Did I tell you to stop?"

"Nope." Leo answered 

"Then get back in there!" Greg put his focus back on me and I got to see the whole ordeal. The sheer joy on his face from fucking me, the cocky smirk as he felt Leo's hands on his butt, the look of instant shock when Leo's cock entered without permission, and the terror when he noticed that I had wrapped myself around him to help keep him down.

"Shit...shit, stop...get out of there!" Greg grunted between Leo's hard pumps.

"Calm down and take the pipe" I said keeping him down. Greg was groaning just like I was a little while ago and Leo was definitely enjoying his revenge, he was relentless in his pounding and with Greg still hard inside of me I was enjoying my plan just as much. Groans and grunts blasting from each of us like a pornographic choir, I was amount to shout out that I was cuming but I was stopped short.

"Damnit, harder Leo, give it to me!" Greg shouted out, thankfully Leo obliged. "Yes, yes, oh god YES, LEO, FUCK ME LEO." Greg broke out of my hold, threw himself back to where Leo could grab his bod, and gave out a Dragon Ball Z sized belt. "AAHAHAHAHAHAH SHIT, I'M CUUUUUMMMMMING!!" Greg's load fired into my ass so hard I thought that I would be able to spit it out of my mouth, but instead my legs just quivered as I shot out my own spunk all over my body. In our writhing and heavy breathing Greg and I thought it was over, but Leo had other plans. With a hard grunt Leo pushed Greg over onto me and started drilling him.

"AH... shi...Le...o... go...ddam...it." Greg let out in blurts, I saw a new side of Leo, he was not about to stop he even went so far as to slap and punch Greg's ass while fucking him.

"Take. This. Dick. You. Little. Bitch." Leo forced the words out with his pumps. Greg was shifting on me like a rag doll, he looked as though he was equal parts ecstatic and concerned by what Leo was doing. I didn't know whether I was scared of this new Leo, or extra turned on. But when he was close to coming, he grabbed my hand,

"EV...RY...THING...WILL...BE...FINE!" Leo screamed as Greg moaned in delight, his ass now being filled with Leo's cum. Leo finally left Greg's ass and let us both get up, I could see his cum drip out of Greg as he got up. I then felt Greg's cum start to dribble down my leg when I remembered.

"What happened to the condom?" I yelled, I looked like the biggest slut, Leo's and Greg's load up my ass, a fresh batch of my own cum covering my body and a little dried cum from before. 

"I took that off when I put your leg down, there was no way lil' Greg was going to continue all bundled up." Greg's cocky reply angered me but there was nothing I could do or say, the raw dog was hot. Leo and Greg simply put their clothes on and left, no one knew what to say, so the pact to not talk about this started instantly. A little after they left Leo texted me. 

"I'll let you know when I tell my parents so this can stop before it becomes something regular."

"Okay I'll come out to my parents too."

"If we both come out they might think were together."

"Is that not the message we want to convey"

"..."

"Dude!"

"Lol, jk, convey the message."

"I hate you sometimes." 

"Really I love you sometimes.

"What?"

"You ready me."

"Good to know."

"You're not going to text it back?!"

"..."

"Bitch!"

"Love you too!"