 Lost Bet part 5: Angel's Den

Am I cursed? I thought to myself as I escaped the game room I just had sex in. It had dawned on me that this was the second time in about as many months that my sexual exploits were intruded upon...and by the same person, my boyfriend's father. Given all of this evidence it is the obvious notion that I was cursed at some point in my life, right? At any rate, I went down the staircase and gathered up my clothes. I could still feel Greg's warm spunk inside me by the time I was fully dressed and the reminder of what I had just done arrested me. I JUST CHEATED ON LEO! Shit, what was I thinking, how did I get swept up in all this? 

"Darren," Leo's dad's voice shocked me out of my spiral. 

"Yes, Mr. Johnson?" I asked trying to seem as innocent as I could for someone who had been caught red handed. Or in this case balls deep with my boyfriend's soon to be brother in law.

"Please, Darren, no matter what call me Roy." He corrected, "I believe you should go home, I need to have a conversation with my son-in-law."

Mr. Johnson sounded so calm yet stern I was both understanding and terrified, but he couldn't be THAT mad could he. Let me explain, I have a very good rapport with Roy, I am a good student who has a job and am close with my family, I don't drink or smoke, or curse out loud, all around textbook definition of goody-two-shoes. Because of this I find that most parents like me and want their child to be more like me, the child however knows the other half of me and they just laugh at their parent's obliviousness. My point being that I have only seen the happy, proud, "wish you were my son" look from Mr. Johnson. I couldn't even imagine him truly angry.

All the worrying about Leo's father finally got me back to thinking about Leo and the shame spiral I was falling, I was about to start calling myself a slut. I was just pulling out of his driveway when I decided to text him.

"Hey where are you?" I started.

"At home," He sent back, "Wanna come over in 15?" 

I looked back to see if Leo was pulling into the driveway, but no he just lied to me.

The next month I was telling my ex-girlfriend, now best friend, Chelsea about the situation and how I had not heard from Leo at all since he lied to me, she was very fair in her judgement.

"Kill the boy." She stated when I was done explaining the story.

"Good plan, did you also come up with eye for an eye?" I replied.

"Hey you cheat on my boy, then ghost him for a month, you need to go down."

"I was cheating on him, plus we don't fully know if he cheated."

"Haven't you seen any day time television, whenever you don't know where the other person is and they start lying to you, they're cheating."

"I don't watch daytime TV."

"Oh, yeah I forgot you are a new gay."

"Insane stereotype aside, I hear your point, but should I confront Leo about this or just wait for him to bring it up."

"Get in his face, waiting hasn't gotten you anything yet, you go over to his house and let him know you know about everything he's been doing and who he's been doing it with then dump his ass so we can Will and Grace through life, how does that sound?"

"Sounds divine as long as I can be Jack, he had more sex."

"But Will had hotter boyfriends."

"Touché, but seriously do you think I should provoke Leo."

"And dump him, I just feel like he wouldn't had lied if he didn't have something big to keep from you. You, Leo, Jo, Grace, and I have been friends for a while and as far as I know we have never kept anything from each other."

"I love him Chels."

"How about this text him, say that you know he lied to you about where he was last month, and you need to talk. Then when you are together, tell him about Greg, yell at him about his technological inactivity, then let the chips fall where they may."

So, I texted Leo exactly what Chelsea said, then 5 minutes went by, then 20 minutes, then an hour.

"Well what the hell am I supposed to do in the meantime Chels!" I yelled at Chelsea over the phone, she had only left 15 minutes ago, but I was anxious now.

"I don't know Dare, I would have thought that Leo would have texted you by now since you haven't texted in so long. But now to ignore you he is really fucking up, isn't he?"

"Now is not the time for your commentary, now is the time for assistance, I need to get my mind off the fact that that little shithead cheated on me, then lied about it, and then ignored me, FOR A MONTH, because of it!"

"Now can we kill him?"

"If you keep suggesting that, I'm gonna start getting worried."

"Fine then, Angel's Den?"

"What, are you having a stroke?"

"No, it's the gay bar uptown, you should go."

I had never been to a gay club in my life the suggestion sounded wired but at this point I was willing to try anything to get my head out of my phone.

When I got to the club it was 9:50pm, I know this because once I stepped in the announcer proclaimed that in ten minutes would be the ten at ten promotion.

"What is ten at ten?" I asked a blonde twink who was the only other person alone in the whole bar.

"Ten men at ten pm," he answered, "it's a monthly promotion we have here. Ten volunteers are chosen from the crowd, then those ten have 60 seconds to get themselves as big as they can, the two with the biggest hard cocks have the choice of double teaming Bottom Boy Barry, or they can oil wrestle and the winner of that gets Barry all to themselves." He spoke in a British accent but I was not expecting the words that came out of his mouth.

"That is borderline sick, everyone is okay with this, who is this Barry are we sure he wants this, and this happens every month?

"Wow, so many questions, this must be your first time."

"And here I was trying to be subtle."

He laughed, "Funny, yes this is quite a crude gathering however every month it draws in hordes of rough fucking, tops looking to get with the bottom of the night. Tonight, just happens to be Bottom Boy Barry's lucky evening. Bottom Boy Barry is tonight's premier dancer, he is said to be the best power bottom ever. Gives head like a Dyson, holds the record for fastest blowjob, and he has the biggest ass in the whole city according to last months "Buns and Guns" promotion."

"I don't even what to know what that was."

"A simple ass and bicep measuring contest," He explained "Although Barry did blow the runner up afterward, however that was less obligatory and more of a courtesy." 

"You seem to have heard a lot about this Barry guy."

"Yes, well I can let you in on a secret about Bottom Boy Barry, he's incredibly elusive for someone who has sex on stage with strangers, one other thing, he's sitting here right now and currently talking himself up to you."

"Explaining that you are going to be fucked in about 15 minutes is talking yourself up to me?"

"My talents stretch far beyond being Bottom Boy Barry, plus I want you to know the basics of myself until we can find some time to dive deeper."

I laughed then stopped when I realized I was the only one laughing "Wait are you really flirting with me?"

"I don't think I've ever been asked that, then again her I am trying to be subtle."

"This just has never happened to me before."

"I guess tonight's is full of first for both of us."

Just then a buzzer sounded and the announcer came up on the stage.

"And now it's time to separate the boys from the men, and the men from the gods!" The announcer had a bright light show that went with his speech, the crowd went wild. "Tonight, is an extremely special ten men at ten pm, for it is the tenth day of the tenth month, and on this special day we have a grand surprise for our volunteers, as their prize tonight is the ever mysterious, wonderfully satisfying, Bottom Boy Barry!"

Barry got up as a spotlight searched for him in the crowd. "Time to go to work," he said as he gave me a kiss on the cheek, I flinched and he walk behind me then Barry proceeded to lift his right leg above his head to the point where he was doing a side split, when the spotlight got on him he spun around leg still in the air, and he controlled his butt cheeks to twitch as well. I spotted six bulges from this act alone. When Barry got up to the stage he picked out ten of the most muscular men I had ever seen, one by one they seemed to get bigger and bigger. 

After the men introduced themselves, a big clock appeared behind them and started counting down. The men's hands rushed to their crotches and their eyes all closed to work themselves up. The crowd helped by shouting moans and grunts of passion. When the minute was over the men were told to turn around and strip, the horde went crazy as each piece of clothing was shed, when all men were naked they were asked to "twerk some'" and they obliged. Then they turned around and revealing huge semi hard dicks, but the clear winner was one named Liam, he was thin and tan, about 6'5", dark black long hair that went past his shoulders, and his cock 10 inches, no lie, he was definitely a shower, and everyone was greatly appreciating the show. The second winner was a dark black, dread-head, about 5'4" with an eight-inch semi named Antwon. 

With the other contestants off the stage, the two decided to wrestle for Barry, and a kiddy pool filled with massaging oil brought out. The two began to brawl getting massage oil everywhere. The men were slipping and sliding like penguins, shiny, sexy penguins. Their cocks shinned in the houselights, and the sight of them slapping around and getting harder was hypnotic. At one point in the fight the Antwon's dick slipped in and out of Liam's ass, hysterically Liam barely noticed this complete penetration. But alas Liam ended up pinning Antwon down not long after the dick slip. Liam had Antwon in a full-nelson then dropped him down into the oil, face down, ass up. And that was that.

Barry then came back out and inspected the victor, felling him up and licking him every occasionally. Barry then called two of the club's workers up because he "needed help undressing". Barry turned his back to the crowd and the workers tore away his shirt and pants unleashing his beautiful bubbly ass, which shook freely when the pants came off. The crowd screamed and hollered at the spectacle, but I was still composed until he turned around and exposed his eight-inch, still floppy soft, cock. He had yet to get even the slightest bit of stimulation and he was almost bigger than all the nine losers.

Barry stared dancing on Liam lubing himself up while he did so, Liam's dick was at full attention stiff enough to use as a diving board, when Barry saw this he took Liam and laid him down on the stage. Barry then flipped onto his hands to where he was face to face with Liam, when Barry dropped he slowly slid down straight onto Liam's hardened cock, once Liam was fully acclimated into Barry's asshole Barry practically hopped off the dick then slammed back down, because of all the lube Liam fit in Barry like a puzzle piece. Barry continued fucking Liam reverse cowboy but their cries of passion were covered by the roar of the crowd. I looked around and realized that this party could quickly turn into an orgy depending on how long this show would continue, then I saw the black man making out, still naked, with another of the contestants. When I looked back to the stage Liam had Barry bent over, but it still looked as though Barry was the one doing the fucking. I noticed Barry start to look out in the crowd, his gaze landed on me and he gave this nonchalant smirk as he stood up revealing his fully erect 12-inch throbbing cock, my jaw dropped and he smiled. 

I felt something wet on my leg, as I was wearing shorts I went up my pant leg and noticed that not only was I rock hard I had also pre-cumed. I guess Barry noticed this, he allowed Liam to escape his ass. Barry proceeded to go into a handstand again, but when he landed he raised his body just enough to gobble all of Liam's Dick in his mouth while still upside down. Poor Liam could barely stand, he was buckling at the knees, his back was convex, and he breathing was so heavy I could almost hear it over all the crowd shouting. I couldn't tell if Liam was still shinning from the massage oil or if it was from sweat. Barry had spun around on Liam's dick, and started to go to town on it. Liam's dick entered this hole just as easy as the previous. Liam held on for as long as he could but the entire sex show lasted maybe 8 minutes, and when he finally came, he spewed all over Barry's face. Liam fell out breathing like just got done playing a basketball game, done a weightlifting competition, completed a triathlon, then had marathon sex. While the crowd was busy expressing their now horned up state Barry walked off stage never breaking eye contact with me. He went into the bathroom and I couldn't help myself, I followed. When I got into the bathroom Barry pulled me into the middle stall.

"Taste this." He demanded as he shoved his cum covered fingers into my mouth. "That guy wasn't the best top but damn he must eat pineapples daily, this is good." I smiled and agreed with Barry. "Lick it off me," he snipped, I hesitated, "lick it off my face!" Barry demanded. So, I did, got all the cum off then he kissed me hard and deep, sucking a lot of the cum out my mouth. "Take your pants off," he gargled with cum filling his cheeks.

"Whatever you want," was the only thing I could say, I turned around and pulled my pants to my ankles, Barry pushed me into the stall wall and began to eat me out. "Ahuhaha!" I exclaimed, I was completely bent over with my legs spread out like I was doing morning stretches. Barry had my asshole so wet I could feel the spit/cum combo dribble down my thigh. Barry licked down my dick shaft and swallowed me whole, balls and all. "AHAH SHIT!!" I yelled as I felt my thigh tremble, "do you even have teeth?!" With my question, Barry released my cock and started to giggle, then he gave me a big smile, showing off his very present teeth. Barry went back to getting my ass sopping wet, he felt so good I didn't even notice that his dick was directly in front of me, but when I did recognize the white snake in front of my face I took as much of it in my mouth as I could.

"Oh yeah, keep doing that." Barry sighed. I didn't even think I was doing a good job, I could only fit the tip of his dickhead in my mouth.

"I should let you know now I don't think there is any way this WHOLE thing is going to fit in me at all." I was more disappointed in myself than anything, I really wanted that monster.

"Something tells me you can take more than you think." Barry reassured me, he then stood up and inserted himself in my asshole.

"OHAOH OHAHAO AHOAO AHOOO!" I yelled, even with all the bodily lubricant, Barry's dick had a hard time getting in. I stood up to help get more in, aware of the intense pressure Barry was inflicting but I still wanted more so I back myself into Barry and when we hit the wall, all of the manhood slid completely into me. I was speechless and quivering trying to focus on breathing. 

"See what you can do when you put your mind to it." Barry said through a giggle. He kissed me again then started to slid out of me, I grabbed the back of his head so hard and moaned for him. Barry then started pumping his cock into me hard, long, and fast.

"AH HAH AH HA HAO OAHG GAO!" I blurted. 

"GUH HUH HU AUH HEA GU UGE GAUH!" Barry grunted.

Our screams were drowned out by the similar grunts and moans coming from outside of the bathroom, and that made this encounter even hotter. My legs were trembling so much sweat was being shaken off, and while Barry started to jack me off while fucking me, they shook even harder. I was now bent over with one hand on the stall wall and my other hand on my cock to jerk myself with Barry's hand intertwined in mine. 

"Oh, shit I'm close!!" Barry announced, I could barely hear him over the sound of his ball sack slapping into my own balls. 

"SSSHHHHHIIIIIIIITTTTTTT!" I was holding back my cum for dear life trying to get the most out of this experience, but in doing so my thighs quaked and my knees buckled under me. With Barry now out of me I fell to the floor and released more cum than I ever thought possible. My vision went blurry in my right eye and I couldn't catch my breath. 

"Fuuuuuuuuucccccccccck yeah!" Barry hollered as he jacked himself to completion freeing 10 huge blasts of sperm all over me. Barry then sat down on the floor with me.

"Taste this," I said as I scooped a glob of cum off my chest then stuck it in his mouth.

"I'm not sure who, but one of us taste sweet." Barry joked, "my guess is that it's you, Funny."

"Oh yeah," I realized "my name is Darren." 

Barry got up and opened the door to leave, "my name's Evan." He left me there sprawled out, covered in cum, and just starting to catch my breath...he's so cool, I thought to myself. I cleaned myself up and put my clothes back on, when I went out of the bathroom I was greeted by the sight of the orgy that I predicted minutes earlier. I would have joined if I wasn't exhausted so I just watched for a couple of minutes then I went back home.

I called Chelsea when I got back home. "So, I went to the Angel's Den club, and I am just now understanding the name," I said.

"How was it did you get your mind off Leo?' She asked.

"You can say that again." I told her about my night, ten men at ten pm, the orgy, and especially Barry/Evan. When I was done, I could almost hear Chelsea's jaw hit the floor.

"I break up with you and am single for a year, you and Leo just separate for a month and you get hot sex and an orgy if the sex would fell through. Never tell me that gay men are "just as horny as everyone else" cause that's just rude!" 

I got out of my car and walked up to my front door. "Trust me," I told her, "I wouldn't had believed that statement even before tonight, men are pigs...hot, sex obsessed, pigs."

"And...?"

"And I wouldn't have it any other...SHIT!"

"What, what happened?"

"Your plan worked."

"Leo texted you?"

"Yep."

"What did he say?"

"We can talk at the wedding."

A week later I was scared stiff in the front of the church, the sign said that Greg and Leo's sister's wedding starts in an hour.

"Go in." Chelsea ordered over the phone.

"I am in." I lied.

"Darren Augustus Gilmore, lie to me again and I will slap you though this phone."

"Sorry I just...got side tracked. Between having to tell Leo about the hot sex with Greg, the extremely hot sex with Barry/Evan, and the fact that I must hear about whatever Leo lied to me about, I'm not ecstatic about how this wedding is going to play out."

"Everything will be fine" Chels tried reassuring me, it wasn't working. I mustered up my strength and walked in, as soon as I took a right turn down the hallway I was trapped.

"Darren," Leo called two doors in front of me.

"Darren," Leo's father, Roy, greeted me only a couple of inches away.

"Darren," Greg said in almost a whisper behind me. 

"Chelsea, I hate you." I stated while hanging up my phone.

"Perhaps we should give these two some time to talk, what do you say Greg?" Roy guided Greg away, but as he was going he mouthed to me "we should talk too" "one problem at a time" I mouthed back. When I turned back around Leo was face to face with me. 

"Let's talk." Leo offered.