 Lost Bet Part 7: Next Year

I was walking on a treadmill as a jiggly ass cycled in front of me. I had a perfect view of every movement and ripple which allowed my thoughts to wander to last year. My string of sexual experiences starting with a bet on a childhood game that I had made up, and culminating in, a bill for a destroyed dressing room, and the strangest wedding I have ever attended. Now, a little over a year later, and I haven't even seen Leo, Greg, or Ray since. I recalled all the stress that I went through, and the stress I put those around me through. However, with much effort, I had happily moved on from that time with no desire to go back.

"You realize I can see you?" The ass spoke and got off the stationary bike revealing a slim, tan body and smiling face. 

I addressed the man kindly and confidently. "I realize that it's rude, but when I see an ass like that I get lost in very dirty thoughts."

"Well, I guess if you can't help yourself, it would be rude for me to hinder you." His British accent made the simple sentence sound like sweet nothings whispered in my ear, or maybe he was just that good. 

"This is why people call you Evan the Enabler." I brushed back Evan's blond hair and kissed him happily. "Now look what you made me do."

"Sexual harassment," he retorted quickly. "Trust me, I will be alerting gym security immediately."

We laughed and I hopped off the treadmill. "So, you talked me into coming here with a promise of a great locker room, let's go see it."

"I thought we would work out a little longer, seeing as how we've only been here 20 minutes."

"How long do you usually work out?"

"Three hours, six days, each week."

"Dear God!"

"You don't get to look as good as I do without putting in the work."

"Evan, that's probably the saddest thing I've ever heard. Nonetheless let's go home."

"But if we stay here you can stare at my butt while I work out more."

"But if we go...sex."

"Trading one workout for another, I'm in, I'll get my towel."

"Evan, don't sour sex with the thought of exercise. I'll be in the showers, making note of all of the cocks larger than yours."

"If there's more than four, take a picture."

"Got it."

We kissed and I walked off entering the famed locker room of our local gym, and this place did not disappoint. Wall to wall male bodies of various size and race. From the entryway, there was an uninhibited view of the whole room all the way through to the showers attached to the back of the room. All over men were talking and laughing, no one took any notice that they were naked, it was a strange, gay, utopia, that I never wanted to leave. I went to the closest bench and unapologetically ogled the many men in there, I became fixated on the men in the shower until a hand grabbed my shoulder and shocked me out of my haze. 

"Having fun, are we?" The man switched sides behind me so I didn't get a good look at him. 

"Yeah, this is pretty much the only reason why I came here, so I might as well enjoy the...view." When the man sat down next to me I finally got to see his deep brown face and gray flecked black hair, instantly my thoughts of the year before flooded my mind once more. "Ray?"

My ex-boyfriend's father smiled and nodded at me. "It's been a long time hasn't it Dare?"

"Yeah, about a year since I last saw you." I had to fight the urge to say when you ran out of your daughter's wedding with her fiancé.

"I'm so glad I ran into you here, Greg and I had been planning on inviting you over to talk about last year, but you moved and your number changed so we never had the opportunity to." 

"Oh, you and Greg are together still?"

"Yeah, our first anniversary was about a week ago, we just got back from an amazing vacation in Italy, I'm pretty sure if I ever retire that is where I want to hang my hat."

"Cool." I wanted to be more articulate on the matter but shock still stunted my actions. 

"Yes, very cool," Ray rose and in an instant, I was eye level with his groin, which I just realized was completely exposed. Before my brain could adjust he continued to talk, but I wasn't listening, everything in me was fixed on this man's perfect body. This dark chocolate, lean yet muscular 5'8" man with a thick four-inch soft cock was amazing. From his black, dreadlocked hair that was in a perfect ponytail, all the way down to his large slender feet. His abs made me swoon, his arms made me swoon, and his thighs made me hard. "So, what do you say?" I finally heard his voice.

"Yes." I had no idea what I was agreeing to all I know is, in that moment, yes seemed like the right answer.

"Great! Greg will be so happy to see you again, you can come around 7, we are still in the same place, I can't wait." With a bright smile, and flopping dick, Ray walked away, Evan was walking up to me as Ray was walking away, so Evan checked him out, Ray thanked him for the nod and went on to the showers.

"Who's the hunk, are you leaving me for a sugar daddy? My dick's bigger." Evan smiled and kissed me which eased my shocked state.

"That was Leo's dad." I replied softly.

Evan fell silent and his head quickly shook between looking at me and looking at the naked man, now in the showers. "No," he commented. "That's Ray, the one who ended up with Greg, why didn't you tell me he looked like that?"

"I never noticed before, he's always been clothed and I was too busy looking at his son to notice him."

"Well, I truly understand why Greg did what he did now."

"Oh, shut up," I secretly agreed with him. It then dawned on me, the conversation that Ray just left with me, he wants dinner, Greg and me and him...dinner. "I have to cancel."

"What?" 

"He invited me to dinner tonight, with him and Greg, I can't do that."

"And why not?"

"Because, the last time I spoke to Greg he was about seven inches inside me!"

"So, he's apparently moved on, and so have you, right?"

"Yes, of course, but still, I'm not ready."

"It's been a year an, overall, good year. If you have any doubts just remember those times, the time with me, maybe they can help you get this closure." 

"I got closure at the wedding."

"No, you didn't, you wouldn't tell me the story once a month if you were truly over this."

"I do not!" 

"You do to, how else would I remember that Ray is the one Greg left his fiancé for, who is also the father of Leo, who slept with Jay, they day you slept with Greg outside of the verbal contract that you had with him and Leo... "

"Okay, okay, point taken, but I'm still not going."

"Okay, how about this then," Evan got in close to me and pulled me in tight. I wrapped my arms around him and breath him in, his stench elated me. "We go home and take off all our clothes, and after I had my tongue in that beautiful ass of yours, I'm gonna shove my long, throbbing cock so deep into you that you will groan with delight. And then I'm gonna fuck you so good and so long, that you are cum hands free for me, and then, if I can accomplish that, you'll go to the dinner." 

As I'm driving to the dinner, I can't help but be a little upset with myself, I have got to stop making bets I want to lose. Heading towards Leo's old house was almost muscle memory to me, which freed my mind to think about all the things that have happened over the year since. After the wedding I confided in Evan, told him the entire story, and he just stood there and took it all. All my bullshit whining and bad decisions, and when I was done he embraced me. Felling a new sense of acceptance and strength I kissed him. He then smiled and told me to give my feelings a month to settle, if I still felt the same then come back, next thing I knew it was seven months later and I was moving in with him. He brought so much joy to my life so instantaneously, and this is how I thank him? By going back to the situation that brought me down in the first place, I didn't feel right, but I started to think about Evan's cock ramming into me as my dick spewed cum with no assistance, and the shame faded away. I knew no matter what happened here, I would always go home to Evan.

I pulled up to the familiar driveway and stared at this large house that once held many secrets, Leo and me, Greg and me, Greg and Ray. I was speechless at the idea that all of these secrets are now known, and wondered if the house had changed because of it. I walked up to the door and froze before ringing, before I could work up the nerve.

Greg opened the door and sheepishly smiled at me. "Hey Darren," he greeted quietly. 

"Hi," I replied quickly.

"It's good to see you."

"Yeah, how are you?"

"I'm good, and you?"

"Hot." I brought to his attention the southern sun beaming directly on my back, causing me to sweat.

"I'm sorry, come on in, I'm so sorry that is very unlike me."

"It's okay." We chuckled and he led me into the house. He started speaking but I didn't listen because my thoughts when straight to the last time I was here with Greg, we had sex on this staircase, but he just passed them by. I couldn't tell if I was over it, upset, or sad.

"So, is that okay?" I finally heard Greg say.

"What?"

"Our other guest, will this be okay for you?"

Another person to make this less awkward, "I'm good with an extra body, the more the..." Before I could finish, Ray and a boy about my age came around the corner. Ray had his hands all over the athletic build of this mocha colored boy. His smolder and dark eyes just screamed that they were up to no good, and before I knew it, the boy was on the floor. I had punched him in his cunning smirk, feeling quite proud of myself I finally spoke to the boy, "Hello Jo."

I was helping Greg put out the food, while Ray tended to Jo's wound in the bathroom.

"I can't believe you hit him." Greg said fighting back a smile.

"I can't believe you didn't warn me." I snapped back.

"I did warn you, that the guest I was asking about."

"I know that by now, but I wasn't listening to you, I was thinking about the last time we were in this house together."

"Why do you think I chose that time to tell you Ray invited Jo and Leo?"

"Leo's here!"

"No, keep your voice down, Leo hasn't spoken to his father since the wedding, but Ray still invited him."

"Are you trying to give me a heart attack?"

"Do you punch people when you are having a heart attack, if so...yes, that was awesome."

"Shut up, Greg."

As he laughed, Ray and Jo came back. "I think we should talk" Jo directed to me. He then turned and walked toward the bathroom again. 

I walked after him with anger in my eyes, but Ray stopped me. "You're better now, don't lose that."

I continued after Jo, ready to scream, curse, and yell. But Ray's word wormed their way into my head and with each step I became slightly calmer. By the time I got to the bathroom where Jo was waiting all I could ask was, "Why'd you do it, Jo?"

He looked around before he took a deep breath and spoke. "Bella had just left me, I hadn't had sex in a while, I was drunk and he offered." 

"Just so I know what to write on your tombstone, your defense is 'I was horny and he was there'?"

"I wish there was more, but honestly I needed a lay and, yeah, he was there."

"So, you just slept with my boyfriend, for no other reason than you needed to get your dick wet?"

"You two were boyfriends?"

"Leo didn't tell you?"

"Naw, I told him about Bella, we through back some Crown, next thing I know, my dick's down his throat. He didn't even tell me he was gay till the next day."

"You were just horny. You know, between this and that day in tenth grade when you came to school naked, your dick has gotten us into a lot of trouble."

"I still can't believe Mr. Waterbrough thought you put me up to that." 

"I needed your help with that calculus homework, I couldn't have you suspended for a week."

"So, you took part of the blame. You've been a good friend to me Darren, and up until now I thought I was a good one two, I didn't know I fucked up."

"It's not your fault, you were horny, we've all been there. Though if I knew it was that easy to get you into bed we could have been that suspension having a lot more fun."

"You can still find out." He began to untie his sweatpants and let them drop to reveal that he had been free balling this whole time. His dick was 7 inches and hung like a branch between his legs. "I won't tell if you won't," he said as he shuffled his way over to me. When he was close enough to me that I could feel his dick hardening against my legs he put his hand on my shoulder and guided me down. 

At this point I was reminded of a conversation that I had with Evan, I was ensuring him that it was okay with me that he kept his job as a premier dancer/sometimes fuckboy at the Angel's Den, as long as he told me about it and was truthful, he gave the same parameters and when I said that I could never be put in that position, he made the bet that when it happened we would film ourselves having sex and send it to the first porn site he could think of...I have got to stop making bets. 

"Fuck me!" Jo yelled, I was too busy thinking about Evan to remember that I currently had someone else's cock in my mouth. I had come back to reality but I couldn't help myself, I slurped and sucked all over that knob like it was my duty, before I knew it we were both naked on cold bathroom floor. Jo was laid flat breathing heavily, his hands shaking. 

I was in the traditional cock worshiping position, head down ass up, sucking so loudly I didn't hear the footsteps come up to the door. It wasn't until I stopped to take a breath that I heard Greg and Ray making out behind me, Ray was jacking Greg's dick while Greg's hand was somehow on my ass without my knowledge. I had no idea how things had gotten this far off track but it felt too good to stop. I pulled Jo up and led everyone past the dining table were the food cooled, and into the bedroom that was on the first floor. 

"How did you know this was here?" Ray asked

"I really enjoyed fucking your son all around this house." My filter was off, and I was horny, but before I could turn around to get another dick in my mouth, Greg pushed me onto the bed.

"You know your place." He said, as I turned around confused and a little angered, then I realized he was talking to Ray.

"Yes Sir," Ray replied sitting next to me and throwing his legs to the air.

"Jo, take care of that for me, would you?" Greg said pushing Jo's face to Ray's ass.

"You sure, you don't wanna be with your boy?" Jo asked.

"He has to earn me, right boy." Greg then slapped Ray's ass so loud I hurt.

"Yes Sir, thank you." Ray responded through bated breath.

I was so confused and opened my mouth to ask what was going on, but Greg took this opportunity to kiss me. All of the bad times from last year flew away all I could remember was how much I liked being with Greg. He pressed himself against me so hard I could feel every bit of him on me. I wrapped my arms and legs around him and felt his cock pump against my butt crack.

After some time, Greg broke away and started to kiss down my body. My eyes flickered open to see Jo lining up his dick to fuck Ray, Ray had a longing smile on his face, anxious and eager. Once Greg touched his tongue to my hard dick my eyes closed again. With my mouth wide open I was lost in the blowjob Greg was giving me. Toes curled, right leg outstretched and stiff, left leg bent and strained nearly twitching. My upper body surged, unable to stop moving, and my hands just clung to whatever was around them. I was supper close to blowing my load then but the arrival of a dick in my mouth shocked me out of my sexual stupor.

Jo had come to my head and stuck his now eight-inch dick in my gapping mouth. I was having the time of my life giving a blowjob while receiving one until I noticed Ray was no longer on the bed. I got up and Jo shuffled around me to the head of the bed. Greg released my cock and I looked for Ray only to find him on the floor devouring Greg's light brown cock, playing with his nipple in one hand and fingering himself with the other.

"You like that dick?" Greg asked.

Ray only switched his blowjob bobbing to a more nodding motion.

I crawled next to Jo and started to jerk him off, he responded in kind. "Seeing Leo's dad like this is weird, right?" I quietly asked.

"I'm not really thinking about it." Jo smiled and turned to see Greg now face fucking Ray. The choking gurgle of Ray throat as it was being intruded my Greg's dick sounded throughout the room. "Okay, it's a little weird."

"Jo-boi, you ready?" Greg asked.

Jo nodded, as Greg forcefully picked up and threw ray onto the bed. Greg then slid onto the bed and met his crotch with Ray's their dicks sticking up together, both were nine-inches long, but Greg had the girth to give him unspoken bragging right. 

Ray then picked me up and as we stood on the bed, he motioned my fingers to his ass hole. This being the first time I'd done anything with Ray, I felt a bit strange about the new situation, but then he kissed me, and my libido took over. Ray's body was slick with sweat, but still I grabbed at every muscle I could. His asshole was warm and clung to my finger, inside, I wiggled around in search for the prostate. I looked down to see, Greg jerking his and Jo's cocks together. Jo's eyes were closed, but Greg looked at me and smiled. Greg then took my finger, that was in Ray, and sucked on it. I felt Ray move down my body and lined himself to the two erect cocks.

With a labored moan Ray fit the two heads inside of him, he stopped there to catch his breath, then when he ready me moved more down the almost five-inch circumference of the two dicks. Once he was all the way down, Ray smiled and leaned back to bask in his glory, but Greg had other plans. 

With no warning, Greg forced down on the bed, allowing it to jump back at him trampolining the cock's deep into Ray. 

Ray screeched, his eye's now wide with pain. "Thank you, Sir," he said to my surprise.

"Keep saying thank you, Boy. Dare move over to Jo. Ray turn." Greg's demands were forceful yet gleeful, he was eagerly, organizing the situation so that everyone could enjoy it, so we all did as he said.

I now stood over Jo, who playfully lapped at my balls, while he was face to face with Ray, who had Jo and Greg still in him, and for an added measure, he took my cock in his mouth. Even with the hot moment before me, I started to miss Evan, I wished he was here with me, enjoying this experience as much as I was. I was soon sprung from that thought when Ray shoved my dick down his mouth.

Back in the moment, Greg and Jo were pounding Ray so hard, and so in synch that the headboard cracked into the wall. Greg, holding Ray's head on my dick, caused his eyes to water in delight. I was doubled over fighting the urge to completely explode, when I realized that I was now the one holding Ray's head to my crotch. With a couple of airy breaths and two quick twitches that could be construed as face fucking, I released my load down Ray's throat. Both of us moaned, and I slowly slumped over him, my head ending up next to the rippling waves, that was Ray's ass. Ray, sucked in all of my jizz, not wasting a drop, while I fell to the side of the bed taking in the sight of the submissive daddy being expertly fucked by two fine, young boys. I flipped to my back, closed my eyes, and absorbed the sounds for a while. 

The sloppy sticky, from, sweat and other juices, lubricating the hole for the boys. Jo's quickened grunts as he struggled to keep up with Greg. Greg's balls as they repeatedly slapped against Jo's cock. Ray's ecstatic cries as his ass was ravaged. The placed reeked of sweat, and ass, and I loved it. 

"I'm cumming!!" I heard the words but didn't place it, until I opened my eyes to see Jo arch his back against the bed. His entire body shook as he fired multiple loads of cum into Ray. Ray's eyes lit up, even though tears still fell from them, a smile stretched across his face. After a couple of seconds, Jo's shivering fell to just his legs, and when he was done he simply released his muscles, flopping flat on the bed, his dick slipping out of Ray.
