 I made multiple mistakes. 

I decided to go hiking on along a remote mountain path in Sweden in early March. I packed well, including the gear I had used on my trip to the Himalayas a few years previously. I was well skilled at winter hiking. But, I had forgotten to check the forecast before I left. I had planned the route well, but I didn't take into account the risk of there being a blizzard lasting multiple days. That was my first mistake.

It started on the third day into the trip. I had planned for the hike to take approximately eight days, along a remote trail between two towns in Northern Sweden, between several lakes and forests. I was well provisioned, and I had even brought along a .22LR rifle that I had rented from a town along the way. But then, the blizzard hit on that third day. For the first day, I remained in my tent, only popping out to complete the necessaries. I ate most of my dried provisions that day, thinking the blizzard would pass that day. That was my second mistake.

The second day, I had to boil some water, but I had a hell of a time getting the camping stove lit. On top of that, I had to keep heading back into the tent to warm up. That was my third mistake. When I returned outside the last time, I realized that I had left the gas on without lighting it and the tank was empty.

The third day I was getting desperate, so I packed up my tent and headed out to find some shelter. That was my fourth mistake. If you've ever tried navigating in a blizzard, you'd know that you quickly get lost. But I was running out of water and food and getting colder by the hour. After several hours, I ended up finding the edge of a forest. I was exhausted, freezing, and starving, so I dug out a small snow cave near a tree and went to sleep. That was my last mistake. If you've ever tried sleeping while you are cold, you'd know that it's almost impossible. You don't want to move, yet you can't drift off because you keep waking up shivering. 

At some point, I woke up. I had to piss really badly. Of course, the last thing I wanted to do was get up or open up all the layers I had on just to get to my dick. But I knew I had to do it. I pulled myself out of the snow cave and stood up near the tree. I thought about peeing right there, but I didn't feel right doing so. I walked a little further away and pulled out my dick and peed. It was heavenly. I did what all men do when you pee after waiting for so long: I looked to the heavens and sighed in satisfaction (or as close as I could get while shivering). That was when I saw it. A light, off in the distance.

I finished my piss and put my dick back in my pants and stared. It was definitely a light, and it wasn't natural. It had a geometric shape and wasn't diffuse. It looked close, too. Maybe a few hundred meters. I grabbed my pack and started walking. 

As I got closer, I could make out more details. It looked like a cabin. I also caught a smell on the wind: woodsmoke. Now I knew that there were people and I might be okay. I was about halfway there when I stumbled for the first time. I was starting to feel my exhaustion even more now. My fingers and toes had become numb. The blizzard had also gotten worse. I was starting to lose the light from the house. I sped up my pace. I stumbled again closer to the house, but I kept on. As I got within a few dozen meters, I called out. I can't recall what I said, but I knew I was too hoarse to be heard. I reached the bottom of a set of steps and fell onto them. I wasn't able to lift myself to stand. I crawled up the steps. Luckily, there was only a few of them. I crawled across the porch. I saw the door. I reached out to it and before I could touch it, it opened. 

There, standing in the doorway were two naked men, one blonde and one brunette. As I slipped into unconsciousness, all I could focus on were the monsters dangling between their rippling legs. 

I only remember glimpses of what happened next. I remember being lifted like a baby. Then, I recall being moved to another building. These two men lay me down in a room that was extremely warm. The blonde one remained naked and undressed me so I would be better able to absorb the warmth. Then, he spooned with me in this room while I got warm. The brunette returned to the room, letting in blast of cold air, and poured water into my mouth. I recall accepting it greedily and then falling asleep again. 

I became fully aware some time later, and I was in a bed, fully naked. It was heaped with blankets to the point where I felt almost crushed by them. I looked around. The room was small, with only this single bed in it, or what Europe considers a single bed to be, anyways. One side of the room was solid logs, meaning the cabin was an old-style log cabin. There was a window with light streaming through a single blind, which meant that it was daytime and I had been out for some time. The room was well-appointed as well, nicely decorated without being cluttered or garish. Simple, but effective. I also saw that my clothes and pack were in the room. My clothes looked like they had been cleaned and folded and were on a dresser, and my pack was resting against the same dresser. The room was also quite warm and I spotted a baseboard that was clearly responsible for that. 

I climbed out of bed and went over to my pack. It was empty, so I opened the dresser to find all of the clothes in my pack had been put away. Well, at least these Swedes were as hospitable as all the other Swedes I had met so far. I put on some long johns, a pair of jeans, a t-shirt, a light sweater, and some socks and decided I should meet my hosts. I went to the door and opened it. I was welcomed by one of the most pleasant smells anyone can ever wake up to, cooking bacon. The door opened up into a common area, with a kitchen off to the left, the entryway off to the right, a bunch of couches and furniture directly in front, and a stairway in the back. 

Sitting on one of the couches was the brunette, wearing little more than a pair of tight, white underwear. I was in awe of him. I had never been attracted to men and had never had trouble getting girls, but I knew that this man would have had it much easier than I did. I was 175cm tall and 80kg pounds of mostly muscle thanks to a regimen of fairly constant exercise throughout high school and college. I had a 12.7cm cut cock that was fairly thin, but I had never received any complaints.

But the brunette was much bigger in every way. I could tell that he had to be at least 200cm tall and 115kg of solid muscle. He was also packing some heavy heat in those white underpants. I mean, I couldn't tell if he was a grower or a shower, but as long as he didn't shrink when he got hard, he was already much bigger than me. He was reading a book while I stood there stumm, staring at him. He looked up and saw me.

"Ah, Sven, our guest has woken up." He put down the book and stood up, verifying my previous estimate of his size. He walked over to me and put out his hand. "How are you doing? Have you recovered? I am Bjorn, and over there in the kitchen is my friend Sven." He pointed over to the kitchen where I saw the blonde waving at me. Once again, I realized that my state the previous evening had left me unable to accurately estimate how large these men were. Sven was taller than Bjorn and slimmer. He must have been 205cm and 105kg. He also was wearing only some tight underwear, but he had an apron over it, clearly to protect him from the bacon grease.

"Uhhh, hi. Sorry, I'm still somewhat out of it." I lied. In reality, I was feeling pretty fine, but I was just a little overwhelmed that I had been saved by two stunning Swedish athletes and was feeling some strange feelings I had never had before. 

"Of course, please come sit down on the couch, Sven will have breakfast ready in no time. He is really a very good cook." Bjorn took my hand and pulled me to the couch. I sat down and he sat down beside me and rested his hand on my thigh. It felt very intimate and I began to feel flushed fairly quickly. "You know, in some cultures, it's considered rude not to tell someone your name when they tell you theirs." Bjorn smiled at me, clearly not meaning that I had been rude.

"Sorry, of course. My name is Brad, which is short for Bradley." I responded.

"Yes, we know. Sven and I have both lived in English-speaking countries for a time. Isn't that right, Sven?" Bjorn spoke a little louder when he called to his friend.

"Ja, Sakert!" Sven responded.

"English, Sven!" Bjorn replied. "Sven lived in Toronto for a year in high school and then in Los Angeles for a year in university. I lived in Miami for a year in high school and then I went to a music school in London." It was true that I didn't notice much of a Swedish accent for Bjorn. In fact, he had that received pronunciation vibe in his accent, or what some would call the posh English TV accent. I hadn't heard Sven speak English yet, so I didn't know what he sounded like. "So Brad, where are you from?"

"Colorado, originally. But I've moved around a lot. Military family." I replied.

"Ahhh, cool! Our family were also in military when we were younger. But now, there isn't so much need for military so they do other things. Like us. So, tell me: what were you doing out there in that blizzard? Did you want to die in the beautiful mountain fastness of Sweden, or was it by accident?"

"No, I certainly didn't want to die. Honestly, it's a miracle that I found you when I did. I was lost out there for several hours before I made a snow cave for sleeping. Then when I woke up, I saw the light from this cabin and I headed towards it. I was so exhausted that I think I must have passed out on your porch."

"Ja, you did. It was also lucky that we were heading out to sauna when you fell down. We heard the thump, but if you had been an hour later, you might have frozen to death out there. But when we saw you there, we took you to sauna with us and got you warmed up before bringing you back inside to bed." Bjorn's hand began lightly stroking my thigh as he recounted what happened to me. It was strangely arousing, despite my feeling that it was somewhat more motherly than erotic.

"Well, I can't thank you enough, you really saved me."

"Frukost!" I heard Sven yell at us.

"English, Sven!" Bjorn replied. "I'm sorry, Brad, but he is ever a pain in my ass." Bjorn winked at me after saying that.

"Breakfast." Sven called. I could now hear the slightest hint of a Swedish accent in his voice. I realized that my stomach was growling at the smells that were going on in the house and that I was fucking famished. Bjorn hopped up onto his feet, somewhat more spry than I would have thought for a man his size, and I followed. We headed into the kitchen where there was a small, solid oak table laden with food. There were fresh breads, sausages, pickled fish, pate, eggs, bacon, and an array of cheeses. The table was big enough for four people, but there were only two chairs. Sven pulled a stool out from the kitchen and put it down on one side of the table near a plate and indicated that I should sit there.

I did so, and watched as Bjorn and Sven both sit at the chairs. They spoke to each other in Swedish for a moment and then Sven looked at me. "Please, go ahead and eat. You are our guest and it is proper for you to eat first." 

I blushed, truly honored by their hospitality. "Thank you, you are so kind." I reached forward and grabbed a piece of bread, breaking off a piece and placing it on my plate. I then dug in to everything else. The three of us ate mostly in silence. I was famished, but I ate only a portion of what Bjorn and Sven ate. They inhaled huge amounts of food. I was astonished that Sven could fit that much food in him considering how skinny he was.

When I was done and I saw that they were slowing down, I decided that I should once again thank them for their kindness. "Thank you again. It was truly delicious. Bjorn was right, you are a great cook, Sven."

After he swallowed his bite, he said "please, it is no problem. As I said, you are our guest and it would be improper for us not to feed you. Besides, we have plenty of food."

I felt almost ashamed at how well that had been treating me and I felt that I should leave before I was even more indebted to them. "Well, thank you again. I should probably pack up my things and go so that I do not take advantage of your hospitality anymore."

Bjorn immediately looked at me in shock. "Nonsense, Brad. You have not imposed upon us at all. It is our pleasure to have such a good looking American man in our country, let alone share our cabin with us. Besides, the blizzard hasn't completely passed yet. In Norrland, they can last some time."

"Yes, and we haven't even entertained you yet. We have only fed you and housed you." Sven stated.

I looked around. There wasn't a TV that I could see, or a computer. I didn't see any board games, and I hadn't noticed a bookshelf in my room or the living room. "Entertained?" I asked.

Sven stood up and removed his apron. He pulled off his underwear and exposed a growing, solid tube of flesh. "Ja, entertained." He reached down and began stroking his massive, cut, tool. It was easily 28cm long and as thick as a beer can, but tapered at the head. I was mesmerized. 

Bjorn tsked Sven and chuckled. "Sven lacks subtlety, I am afraid, Brad. But what he lacks in subtlety, he makes up for in confidence." 

I had heard my name, so I responded with a non-committal "Uh-huh" and heard Brad's chuckle. Sven moved over in front of me and I turned to face him directly. He was stroking his turgid cock in front of my face and I remained in awe. It was mere centimeters from my face and I could smell it's scent. It was masculine, musky, and powerful. I instinctively leaned forward to smell more of it and Sven moved forward until my mouth hit the head of his dick. I opened my mouth to accept his cock. My tongue hit the head in my mouth and I swallowed the first taste of it and I was instantly fully aroused. In that moment I became cock-hungry. I reached up with both hands and grasped his shaft as I began to make love to his dick with my mouth. 

"Yes, American boy. Suck my Swedish dick. I am so glad that you got lost in the blizzard. I haven't had American in some time. It will be good to show another one of you how real men fuck." I was barely paying attention to what he was saying. I was too busy enjoying my first cock, especially considering how perfect it was.

"Sven, don't insult the poor boy. It's not his fault he doesn't have our genes or experience." I heard Bjorn say nearby, only to realize that a new cock had joined the fray, just to my left. I looked there as I continued sucking on the head of Sven's cock to see Bjorn's member in its fully revealed glory. It was longer than Sven's but also thinner. I estimated it as 32cm long and as thick as a golf ball. Bjorn reached down to grab my left hand and placed it on his cock. Together, Bjorn and I stroked his dick. I continued sucking and looked up at my new Swedish friends to find that they were locked in a passionate embrace, kissing one another intensely. It was deeply arousing.

At some point, I swapped over to sucking on Bjorn's cock, finding it was much easier to take into my mouth. I managed to go quite deep before I gagged. I sucked them both like this, swapping back and forth for what seemed like an eternity. My jaw began to hurt, and my moans became grunts, but I still wanted to continue.

"Look at him, Bjorn. He grows tired already. Why don't you take him upstairs and show him the true meaning of our hospitality while I clean up." Sven said to Bjorn.

"Good idea, Sven. You'll join us when you are done?" Bjorn replied.

"Don't I always?" Sven kissed Bjorn on the mouth and then pulled away, taking his cock with him. Bjorn reached down and took my hand and lifted me up off the stool to where I was standing, looking up into his eyes. He leaned down and I kissed a man for the first time. He was sensual, yet forceful, as if he was fucking my mouth with his tongue. He reached down and grabbed my ass and picked me up off the ground. I was now a few inches taller than him as I wrapped my legs around his back and he began moving us. I was light as a feather in his massive arms, and he showed no difficulty taking me up the stairs at the back of the common area. We continued to kiss passionately as he carried me upstairs. He pulled out of my mouth for a moment, and I kissed down his face to his neck.

He whispered in my ear, "Don't worry. We won't do anything you don't want to do. But I don't think that will be a problem, do you? I think you want to learn what sex is like with us, don't you?"

I paused to say "Yes. I've never felt this aroused in my life. I feel like I could cum from sucking your dicks alone. You are so fucking sexy. Do whatever you fucking want to me, you save my life, I trust you completely."

Bjorn pulled me away and smiled at me. "I think we are going to get along well, Brad." And then he tossed me on the bed. I looked around and saw that I was now in a loft area above the main area and that the bed I was on had a large mirror on its ceiling. Brad reached down and began undoing my pants, which he managed in record time. Then, grabbing my jeans and underwear, he quickly pulled them both off of me, exposing my hard and wet cock to him. "Nice dick, Brad." 

Bjorn leaned down and took my entire length to the root. Then he began stroking it with his tongue and throat without moving his mouth at all. I groaned and released my load almost immediately. I saw stars, as that was easily the quickest orgasm I had ever had, and it had been amazing.

I collapsed somewhat back onto the bed, shuddering. Bjorn still hadn't released my dick yet, as I continued to jerk my body. He slowly pulled his mouth off of my dick. He then moved onto the bed and kissed me. I realized that he was sharing my load with me, and thought that was pretty hot. I didn't taste much, but it was good to be kissing him again. He reached down and began taking off my sweater and shirt. I let him, of course. He then moved down my face, onto my neck and then my chest, kissing all the way. He returned to my dick and stroked it, but his mouth went past, licking my balls and moving further down. I knew when he reached his goal because he stuck his tongue out and slowly penetrated my anus. I jerked, feeling somewhat strange at this new feeling, as I had never let a girlfriend touch me there. But, I had to admit that it felt good.

Bjorn licked, prodded and then penetrated me with his tongue, slowly working more and more of his long tongue inside of my anus. He then pulled away and started to lick my balls and shaft as his fingers took over the invasion of my ass. I lay there with my legs high in the air as this massive Swedish man fingered my asshole and sucked on my dick in total bliss. I wasn't going to come anytime soon, but I was certainly enjoying myself. Every now and then I heard a sound from downstairs as Sven was cleaning up, but I was sure that he heard more of my moans than I did of him.

"Okay, I think you are ready." Bjorn said.

I felt a slowing emptiness in my ass as Bjorn sat up and positioned himself below me, his cock reaching well past mine. "Ready? Huh?" I replied, somewhat delirious.

"Yes. Your man pussy has adjusted to take all five of my fingers, so you are now ready for me. I am going to fuck you and you are going to cum so many times that you will lose count. Then I will cum inside of you. And then Sven is going to come up here and fuck you some more. Then we will take turns for the next few days, fucking you over and over again throughout this house, whenever we want. In short, you are to become our portable fuck toy, taking our cocks and cum whenever and wherever we want. Does that sound good, Brad?" 
