 It all started a couple years ago when I lost my phone. I had when I went to church and then I left in the bathroom, when I got back to into church I realized my phone was not with me and that I had left it in the stall. I went back to the bathroom stall and it was not there. I vividly remember putting on top of the toilet paper dispenser. My mind raced I had been watching porn on my phone and it would be the first thing someone would see if they hit any button.

I turned and looked behind me and headed out of the door. No one in church had taken it. I went outside the front, partly for air, partly to see if by chance someone had my phone. Luck would have it that I saw a man, who I did not know, and he had my phone. I walked over to him. He was in his late 40s, early 50s -- had the retired military look. Short brown hair, short beard. About six foot, unless he had specialized training I could probably take him in fisticuffs.

"Hey that is my phone man," I said.

"Is it? You left it in the bathroom?" he said.

"Yes, "I said.

With that I moved to take it and he initially resisted, but I had grabbed not caring if I destroyed it entirely.

"Easy man it's yours," He said.

"Thanks for giving it back," I stated slowly.

He asked, "So you're into shemales?"

I said, "What?"

"Your phone -- you had shemale porn on it," he said.

"No. I wasn't,"I lied.

He asked, "Does she know?"

I asked, "Who know?"

"Your wife," he asked, "does she know you like shemales?"

"No," I said.

"I see. Well my name is Steve -- I used to go to church here, a long time ago, kinda moved on. I put my number in your phone. I will contact you later. Answer me or I will tell everyone in your church what you really like." Steve said. Then he turned and left. Entered his black pickup truck. Ford F350, very nice actually. He had a red slash scuba bumper sticker as well.

Stunned. I just stood there in the parking lot. I opened my phone and sure enough I already had a text from Steve.

'Hello,' it said.

I thought about deleting and blocking it, but then what about his threat I would be ruined in the community. My poor wife.

'Hi,' I responded.

'I went all through your phone. Grindr. Ur email -- your quite the sissy. Aren't you?' he queried.

'Just porn man,' I replied.

'Sure we will see, I saw in your messages you scuba dive too! I need a buddy for a dive tomorrow,' he texted.

I didn't think he had my phone that long, damn, he had gone through my messages, dug to the back of the folders where I hid my apps all in maybe 5 minutes.

'You will go diving with me tomorrow I will be by your house at 8am,' he texted.

By now church had let out and my wife asked what I was doing in the parking lot. I explained I lost my phone, but some guy found it and he is a scuba diver too.

"Oh that's nice, didn't you say you needed to dive with a buddy right?" she said.

"Yes, he wants to go diving tomorrow," I said.

"Aww hims making friends and going diving," she mocked.

I didn't say anything we just got in the car and went home. Over the past several years my wife had grown more and more reluctant to engage in any sex activity. It was bad. I turned to porn and eventually all anal and now I was looking at shemale porn. I preferred porn to my wife. She complained all the way through sex the last time which was 4 months and 22 days ago. I kept track of my pussy free time now. Tumblr. Thanks Tumblr.

The remainder of the day passed without note, I gathered my scuba gear and put it in a single spot. I was going to tell Steve that he couldn't do this.

The next day came and like clockwork Steve and his F350 pulled into my driveway at 0800. I was waiting for him outside with my scuba gear stacked up. My wife was still sleeping, she sleeps until about noon daily.

Steve hopped out of his truck and opened up his tailgate.

"Where are we going diving?" I asked.

"You'll see," he replied.

We loaded up my gear and he helped. I closed the tailgate and while I was he smacked my ass. I didn't say or do anything to bring attention to his act. "Nice ass," he said.

I climbed into my side of the truck and we took off to wherever we were going diving.

"So you like cock?" Steve said.

"What?" I stated.

"Yes or no, bitch?" Steve asked again.

"I don't know it's just porn man," I replied.

"Porn I know you like and shemales I know you like and you are going to do what I ask or I will tell everyone what you really like. I know where you live -- what do you think your wife will think when I tell her?" Steve said. He had me and we both knew it.

"What do you want?" I asked Steve. I was afraid I knew the answer. I had read about this trap before.

"What you want if you'll admit it. Now. Just tell me. Do you want cock?" Steve asked.

He was going to make me say it.

"Yes," I said.

"Yes, what?" he pressed.

"Yes I want cock," I said slowly.

"Feel better?" he asked.

"A little," I said. It honestly did feel better to admit it out loud, I had been on Grindr flirting, but never meeting.

"It's 2 hours to where we are diving, so you're going to suck my cock until we get there. Don't think about it just slide over here and do what we both know you want or I will tell everyone about your porn habits," Steve said.

He had me and I was a bit curious. I hesitated. I could still go back. Have him drop me off. The door wasn't locked I could tuck and roll or just step out at the next stop light. I warred with myself for seconds. Licking my lips did me in though. So. I slid over across the seat, putting the armrest up, and started rubbed him through his jeans.

"Yes, that's how you do it," he encouraged.

I moved smoothly. I took his somewhat hard dick out of his jeans. He had pretty big cock. I looked at it and considered what I was about to do. Then like so many women I had seen in porn do - I sucked him semi-hard into my lips, I faintly recall being called a bitch. Now that I had his dick in my mouth I suppose that was true. He grew harder in my mouth as I slurped on his long shaft.

"Yes, that's how you do it babe," Steve said. He placed his hand on the back of my head guiding me slightly deeper each time. I noticed he was completely shaved too and smelled like soap. Dove soap. I liked being called babe too.

Time seemed lost and my jaw started to ache. The radio played music in the background songs that to this day I still associate with sucking my first dick. The most memorable is Barely Breathing, because I was gagging on his cock and I couldn't find the air either. After a while, I got a rhythm and was taking him from head to balls.

"You like this dick? Don't ya?" Steve said.

"Mhmmmm," I said. My mouth stuffed with his cock.

 "Look up and say it babe," he demanded.

I looked up at him and said, "I love your dick."

As my eyes focused and I noticed he was filming me on his phone and I just admitted to a camera I loved dick. Shit, he really had me now.

"I know," he said. He guided me back to his dick and I went back to my rhythm up and down, up and down -- the part of a blowjob that is a job.

He started to raise his hips to meet me. Steve said, "I'm gonna cum, swallow for me babe."

"Mhmmm," I said. His dick pistoning my lips. My jaw and neck were sore, so I wanted him to cum. I sped up to push him over the edge.

"Yessss, aaaaah! Swallow! Swallow me baby!" he said as jets of semen went into my mouth and throat. I gulped it down as best I could. Steve placed his hand on the back of my head.

"Stay down babe. I see a cop," Steve said.

I was unsure about the whole cop thing, but his dick stayed in my mouth.

"Wow that was great, you are a good cocksucker. You know that's what you are now right?" he said.

"Mhmmmm", I said.

Within a minute he was hard again and he began to push my head up and down. So it began again and I sucked him off over and over. While I was blowing him the 5th time he said that we were there. I looked at the clock and I had blown him for two solid hours. I remembered I hadn't ate breakfast before I left home, I had 4 loads of cum for breakfast.

The scuba dive was a shore dive and we took our gear down to the water and planned the dive. He did call me babe many times, but I didn't think to correct him. A couple other divers heard, but no one said anything. The other divers were headed further up the point. We dove for about 20 minutes and we made landfall a few hundred yards down from where we entered. Currents had moved us which is common for a shore dive. Steve had a plan I am sure as he swam for a secluded small alcove only reachable by the water. After the first dive, no one else was on the alcove we came back up on.

"No one really comes down here," Steve said.

"Oh?" I said.

Steve started stripping off all his gear down to his wetsuit which he peeled off.

"Get undressed babe, let's take a dive break," Steve said nonchalantly.

I did as I was told and peeled my gear off making a neat pile of gear. Looking over Steve had stripped down nude. I looked around and actually no one was in sight and no one was at sea either we were alone on the beach.

"Get nude babe," Steve said. As I took my assessment of the scene.

I stripped off my wetsuit and was pulling it off my legs.

"You know if you shave your legs it would be easier to get your wetsuit on and off. Make sure you do that tonight ok babe?" he asked.

"Anything else?" I replied.

"Yes, actually now come kneel in front of me," Steve commanded.

I did as I was told. It seemed very natural now. My knees were in the sand, my head bobbing back and forth with his cock in my mouth. I lost time. It was just the waves, my slurps and moans, and Steve encouraging me to do what I was born to do. I thought about that -- his dick did seem to fit my mouth now. Like it belonged there.

I heard a boat motor in the distance, approaching, Steve did to.

"Don't worry," He said.

I glanced over, cock in my mouth and only maybe fifty yards away was a couple looking right at us. The woman was looking at us.

"Woooo! Suck that dick!!!" she yelled. The man of the couple was piloting the boat and just waved at Steve, who waved back. I tried to take Steve's dick out of my mouth but he kept gentle pressure on my head to keep it in my mouth. The boat passed out of view and then sound. I resumed sucking.

"You know you're my bitch now?" Steve said.

"Mhmmm," I slurped. Around his dick.

"You love this dick don't you?" Steve said.

"Mhmmm," I cooed.

"Turn around babe," Steve ordered.

He pulled his cock out of my mouth and I missed it. I turned around and got on all fours, looking at the sand and the ocean. I felt Steve behind me, then I felt him licking my asshole.

At first it was confusing it felt so good from somewhere that I never expected. Minute after minute he kissed and licked my asshole until he worked in a finger then two. I was mouth open moaning by then not fully aware of what was happening. He was finger fucking me and I was moaning. On it went like a slow burn orgasm from within, my dick still flopping uselessly under me.

Then he pulled his fingers out of me and by then I missed them. I felt something softer on my asshole. After fingers whatever it was -- had a soft --

"OH MY GOD IT'S SO BIG!" I screamed. As Steve slid into me.

"There you go baby!" Steve said as he came to rest on my ass with him fully buried in me.

"SO big, so big, so big!" I cried. As I tried to move away.

Steve gripped him hips and stayed with me.

"Easy baby, easy baby just breathe, you're taking my dick like a good bitch, just breathe," Steve said. He had a good hold on me.

I relaxed and couldn't see the ocean for tears. It hurt that bad. I just was impaled on this giant dick. It felt like a baseball bat was wedged in my ass. For a couple minutes I thought about running away, but I was locked in place. I felt his balls resting on me. I had done it after all the porn and wondering of what it would be like, I had been fucked. Well I was still being fucked.

Then he moved out some and I moaned. I missed it where it was so I pushed it back to where it was. He pulled it out some so I pushed it back. He thought I was fucking him I'm sure but at that point it just hurt less to have it where it was. Whatever the case we were fucking on the beach.

"Now you are my bitch for sure," Steve said. Thrusting into my ass.

"Oh. Oh. Oh." I said. In time with his thrusts.

"Tell me whose bitch you are?" Steve commanded.

"I'm your bitch," I said.

"My what?!?" he asked.

"I'm your bitch!" I yelled.

"No one else bitch, mine, say it!" Steve said. Punctuating each word with another thrust.

"No one else, just you, I'm just your bitch," I admitted.

"Look back and tell me to cum in you." Steve said

I whipped my head around.

"Cum in me baby!" I said. Then I saw that he was filming again I just smiled. He brought his camera.

"Gotcha babe," he said.

He picked up the pace and slammed harder and harder into me forcing my head into the sand as he mounted me like I was a bitch in heat. After once very powerful thrust he forced himself all the way in and I felt him shudder and warmness enter my ass as he flooded me with his seed.

I thought it might stay like this. I was wrong. So very wrong.