 Last summer I decided to work the local mall shoe store for some extra cash for my fall semester at the community college.

Working in two person shifts, actually is quite boring. The majority of the people coming in are just browsing. So basically, you wait on people hand and foot, no pun intended, for nothing. 

Every so often I would meet somebody interesting. I met my current girl friend, Julie there. 

She works a couple of doors down at the jewelry store. Julie is pretty straight-laced, about 5'9", 120 lbs. She's a beautiful girl, but very modest. We've been dating for two months and I'm still waiting to get into her pants.

A fellow named Walt walked in the store last week. The manager had left for the day so I had to take care of Walt by myself.

Walt walked to the back of the store to the running shoes. He looked and dressed like a runner, tall and lean with loose shorts and a t-shirt, but definitely was past his prime. Walt looked about 50 - 55 years old. 

Anyway, we exchanged pleasantries and he picked a couple of different styles off the wall handed them to me and told me he was a size 12.

I came back out with the boxes and Walt had already found a chair in the back behind a row of shoe racks. I grabbed a stool and sat down in front of him. Walt had taken off his own shoes which I appreciated.

I slipped both his shoes on and looked to get his approval. As I did my gaze landed on his shorts. He had a nice sized bulge.

Now, I'm not in the habit of looking at another guy's cock.

I've never been with a guy or even thought about it before. 

I backed away some as he stood up and walked over to the mirror to look at the shoes. He nodded his approval then asked if he could use the rest room. I pointed toward the door and off he went.

A few minutes later Walt came out saying he wanted to try on the other pair.

After sitting back down in front of me I went to take off the first pair of shoes. My god, Walt had taken off his underwear. His hardening cock was snaking down the right leg of his shorts. Damn, this guy was hung like a horse.

I couldn't help from staring at his cock while I was stringing up the other pair of shoes Walt had tried on.

Both Walt and I knew what was happening. I briefly wondered if he had done this before. 

As I was stringing the shoe eyelets Walt was slowly stroking his cock down the leg of the shorts.

My mouth was getting dry, and I couldn't take my eyes from his cock.

Walt's legs were fairly thin, which made his cock look like a third leg.

After stroking a few minutes I could see the head of his cock peek out the end of his shorts. I bet it was at least three inches across.

Next thing I knew Walter had pushed his chair back some and opened his legs wider, and took a hold of my left shoulder and pulled me off my stool unto my knees in front of him.

He pushed the material of his shorts up and over his shaven balls. Wow. What a cock he had.

Walter finally spoke saying that he liked his foot (12") rubbed. He later told me how long his cock was.

Nervously I reached up and took his warm hard shaft in my hand gently stroking him up and down. I could barely get my hand around it. 

Walter said I was doing fine and that it felt great, but it would feel even better in my mouth. Actually I was thinking the same thing. 

Looking over my shoulder to make sure we weren't seen by anyone walking in I began to stroke his cock faster.

I had often fantasized about licking and kissing another guy's cockhead, but instead I took his head and then some in my mouth.

At that moment I knew I wanted to take him completion, and began slowly sucking up and down his hard shaft taking more and more of him in as I time went on.

I really liked the way Walt's cock felt on my mouth. 

After awhile I had more than half his cock down my throat as he was thrusting upward to meet my pistoning mouth.

I just moaned when he asked me if I wanted his cum.

With that I could feel his cock swell even more as I was quickening my sucking and bobbing up and down on him. 

Then he blew in my mouth. Over and over again. I had to swallow just to keep up with his volume of cum. 

I genuinely liked the taste of Walt's cum and secretly wanted more.

After sucking on his softening cock for a few minutes he agreed to buy both pairs of shoes. As if that mattered to me. He gave me his phone number then walked out of the store.