 Lots more where that came from!

Getting online and chatting was the only way for me I could get to know someone enough to share something I had hidden since my service days - when I briefly shared a mutual masturbation with another guy called Bernard, but somehow we never went as far as intercourse and then he was posted to Germany so I never saw him again.

So all those years I'd pent up my bi-sexual leanings, married and had a good life with my Mrs.

However as time went by she cooled and never wanted sex anymore, I still loved her though and still do, but I needed a new outlet without strings relationship to settle my needs, and I was more bent on the homosexual leaning.

Anyway to cut a longish story short I eventually found Danny who was the only one who kept to a date. I'd talked with three others to the point that they said they wanted intercourse but not one of them turned up for a planned date.. Danny was the only one who did, whom I met at a local supermarket car park . Chatting to him online about our diversions Danny seemed right for me and when I located his car following his description beforehand, my heart fluttered at just the thought seeing this guy in the flesh at last, here was someone who was genuine and as I strolled up to the car it was as if we instantly jelled, he smiled widely and opened the passenger door for me, greeted me and it was as though I had known him all my life.

We just sat there and got to know each other face to face, he seemed happy with me and I was with him. We were both in our late forties, maybe he a little younger but very, very attractive. I liked him from the start and really wanted to make a relationship with him, on the understanding of course it was to be casual, he knew I was married and knew the circumstances, and he had left his wife after finding her in bed with a black guy when he unexpectedly came home early from work. For a while before that, he said that he had long wondered why there were black hairs on the bed sheets and suddenly is all came to light.

And coincidently - and we had shared this when chatting online - he'd hidden the same deep leaning that he would really like to try it with a guy, so for us both it was a wonderful meeting and I could not wait for our relationship to take its natural course.

"Is there anywhere private we could go, Alex? he asked after a brief silence, when we had sort of exhausted our chat about each other.

I wanted to take him back to my place but that was impossible that day because my wife was at home, I need to arrange something when she was at work so we went for that, he said he was looking after his elderly mother so it was impossible for us to go to his place. So straight away I knew that our meetings would have to be carefully arranged to fit in with our working hours and everything, but what do they say about if needs be? And our needs were paramount, I felt myself so attracted to this guy and I knew he felt the same way.

"The only place I know, somewhere we could get to quickly ( I could see a swelling in his jeans) is the overflow car park for the Zoo which is seldom used off season and there are some trees covering the view from the road" I said feeling my pulse quicken at just the thought of mutual touching.

"Show me, Alex?"

And I did, soon we were there and although there were a few other empty cars parked we found a quiet spot. So there we were and at last I was with a guy I'd wanted for so long. I thought just go for it and don't' hesitate so I did and felt him through his jeans. It was nice although he seemed concerned that someone may see. I said for him to keep watch and he could give me a shout if anyone came near.

For the next five minutes I was ain the land of discovery, he responded well to my feeling him and it was so nice, so warm an inviting and very, very big.

"I think I'd better give him some air" I whispered starting to unzip as he spread his thighs a little to give me better access. And soon I had a handful of pure unadulterated and very aspiring stiff hard upright cock and gorgeous firm balls which I just enjoyed molding gently in my hand feeling the touch of his hand at the back of my head.- like he was prompting me to go down on him. I'd never ever sucked off a cock before and this was going to be a first. I felt myself sort of hesitating at first, it seemed to good to be true , all those imaginings when I had wondered just how it would be. Those time when I had vainly tried to vent my sexual perversions by sucking the bulbous handle of a screwdriver which had just been inserted into my bottom, me thinking now how crazy that was when here was I know having the real thing - how I fucked myself, sometimes in front of a mirror to get myself going, sometimes filming myself for later masturbation, using all different sizes of things which I thought could give me a throb when inserted firmly inside my ass.

But now hooray! All that was history there was I, sniffing and exploring real cock, Danny's cock, spreading his foreskin back tight to relish that gorgeous crimson head just waiting it seemed to be enjoyed.

It was so nice and when Danny said to go for it, I knew it was on and in that next wonderful moment I had it inside my mouth, gently at first, getting the feel of it against my tongue, exploring and tasting it, a wonderful sort of salty but earthy taste that was so good. I loved the scent too, it was a scent that really captured my senses to the point where I really wanted his fuck there and then.

But my feelings were overtaking my logic, that Danny was not keen to try that at the moment, as he said it will be better to wait until we could really take our time and enjoy each other properly in private, and then when he saw a warden approaching I had top quickly lift my head away from that wonderful instrument of desire, we never got to a climax but that was all to come. He quickly zipped himself up, dropped me near my place and we arranged to keep in touch on the mobile phone and I would arrange something at my place very soon.

You bet I would, I felt just after that short time with Danny, that I wanted him to the full, and it needed to be at the very earliest, I knew that and I think Danny did too, he told me frankly he could not wait to fuck me, and that said it all!

On Sundays my wife did voluntary work so that day would be favorite for Danny and I to meet. It would be a very secret meeting of course and I would have hated for my wife to discover my secret, as said I still loved her but truly needed to satisfy my deep sexual wants and I felt Danny was the right person to do that.

The day for our second meeting came and there was Danny as large as life at my front door, and straight away I noticed his bulge and he noticed I noticed! "That has been there for the full journey over" he grinned - he'd driven more than five miles from his place so I knew he was raring to go and the excitement of that, that at last we had got some real quality time together was so wonderful.

I just touched him there as I closed the door behind him. Suggested he go and undress in the bathroom, just in case for some reason my wife returned home early, I had planned all that in my mind, a sort of fail safe idea that if she did come home unexpectedly Danny could exit into the bathroom to get dressed and I could say that it was just a workman who wanted a slash, there were often workmen doing things around the area even on a Sunday. 

But fortunately it never came t that an we were both in that special world of our own. The first time was actually in the bathroom, I found myself so impatient to get at Danny I simply could not wait so I opened the door and caught him just about to drop down his briefs, his bulge looking most enticing and inviting.

"Let me do that, Danny" I said. He replied "Sure!" and that was the very start of our real time relationship. Just to massage him though his briefs was great and then after, stripping him down and taking an eyeful of that ripe cock standing to attention like a guardsman, me thinking he could stand guard over me any time, he wanted me stripped and no messing, there were we were standing facing each other rubbing cocks!

I felt so very good and as our eyes met it seemed so complete, sop perfect, his expression said it all, that he had the hots for me big time, the feel of that cock pressing into mine as we gave each other a steady but wonderful mutual wank.

To feel and touch cock in such an uninhibited way was heaven, sheer bliss, the feel of someone else wanking you and not yourself was so very different too, when you do it yourself you know all the moves but with someone else you don't know that, it is just the splendor of being enjoyed and enjoying one another is what makes it all so wonderful.

"Want to try me now? I asked him, feeling that he was ready. I knew I was, the aching was overwhelming and I had the real need for his fuck, thrilled that this was going to be a first too, real life cock fucking me instead of all those dreadful perverted things I'd used, this was the real thing and lubricating myself up he said he would do that, so for a few wonderful moment I felt him exploring me, rimming and fingering me down under, cupping my balls and squeezing my hard cock as he really went to town inserting his finger to give me a wonderful pre-fuck foreplay, I took his cock in my free hand and stretched it back firmly, thinking just how good this was going ton feel inside me, when we were ready we both knew, I bent over the edge of the bath, he finding the right position between my legs, getting his throbbing cock into the right position, that first feeling of cock approaching was so good, it felt like he was missing the hole, I was going to tell him but I guess it was all part of e tease, I was all for that as I felt him ply the head of his cock up and down, sliding it in my crack, it was divine as I cried out for his fuck, I bent over as steep as I could offering myself to hi,. I just wanted toi be all ass for his fuck, I was aching for the feel of his fuck up inside me, I yelled at him to fuck me hard, at last the feel of his cock beginning to enter me, gradually at first until he got the motion, feeling his strong hands grab my thighs each side, to steady me as he maneuvered that huge cock into me, moving my ass from side to side to assist that vital first penetration of real live cock, already iot felt so different to those rigid screwdriver handles and such, what a different pliability made, it was absolutely lovely to feel it go deeper and deeper into me, I relished it and we made for the perfect first fuck together.

And that wasn't the end of it, for afterwards I took my first swallow of hot cum after we had sucked each other for a while, kissed and shared our juices with very deep wet French kisses.

Why on earth didn't I find Danny before, it was going to be a wonderful month of Sundays, just sharing all, discovering more about each others wants and needs which extended into the bedroom.

Asked how it was for him, Danny simply said "Perfect" and aid he wanted lots more of where that came from.

Me too! I felt at perfect peace with the world!