 Rudi felt a little uneasy. He was just sitting there sipping on his milk shake, minding his own business, harming nobody, and yet he could sense an air of menace. There was this big, dark eyed, stubble chinned, dangerous looking man that kept on glaring at him.

What the fuck was his problem, Rudi wondered. He glanced up briefly as he felt the man's eyes on him again. He was hot, hot, hot; there was no denying that, and even though Rudi was unsettled and uneasy about the situation he still somehow found time to register just how hot this man was. He had powerful biceps and forearms covered in long, silky black hair. More black fur showed in the neck of his unbuttoned shirt. When he raised an arm above his head Rudi could see a damp patch in the armpit. It was a very hot day and Rudi's cock lurched in his pants, just thinking about the smell of masculine sweat trapped in the stranger's pits and in the crack of his ass was turning him on. All this he took in a quick glance before turning away, heart pounding with fear and desire.

Rudi got done with his milkshake and decided it was time to get back on the road. He went into the bathroom and was taking a leak when who should walk in but the rugged, handsome stranger. 

'If he damn well stands next to me at the urinal I'm going to sneak a look at his dick.' Rudi thought to himself. If the man was so disgusted by gays, as Rudi thought he was, then he would have the sense to go into one of the cubicles.

But no, he came and stood next to Rudi. Rudi's peaches and cream complexion face reddened as the presence of this overpowering stranger got to him. The man unzipped slowly and hauled out just about the fattest, fleshiest, hooded serpent Rudi had ever seen. It was ridiculously large. Where the hell did he keep it in his tight jeans.

Rudi's heart pounded in his chest as he watched the stranger peel back his full foreskin to reveal a glistening pink head. The man just kept working his foreskin back and forth and Rudi was fascinated but had run out of piss. It was time to either zip himself away or take this dangerous game one step further. Was this guy just a) milking his cock so he could take a leak or b) teasing Rudi, maybe so he had an excuse to beat him up or c) was he offering.

Rudi wanted to leave but he could not. He was glued to the spot and his cock took on a life of his own. It started to lengthen and thicken in his hand. He tried not to look at the stranger as he tugged on his own cock, but that was impossible. Just inches away from him was nine rigid inches of prime man flesh that just demanded attention. The swollen cock head was now a crimson colour and seemed to be coated in cock juices both internal and external. A long string of precum drooled out of it as the hairy wrist worked the shaft. Rudi started fisting his cock furiously, afraid that someone might come into the bathroom, but wanting to get off on this gorgeous man all the same.

At that moment the stranger reached over and took Rudi's respectable seven inch spear in his hand and jerked it slowly. 

'Got somewhere we can go?' he asked Rudi.

'I'm just passing through town, Rudi replied 'but there's a nature reserve outside of town. We could go there.'

'I'll follow you in my truck.' the stranger replied, then added 'The name's Chuck, by the way.'

'Rudi. Pleased to meet you. And I'll be pleased to eat you.'

'That's what I like to hear.' Chuck replied as he zipped up and followed Rudi out of the diner.

Rudi let Chuck walk ahead of him a little so he could get a look at his ass in those tight cowboy jeans of his. It was tight and shapely, and absolutely fucking gorgeous, just enough for a handful. They got into their vehicles and headed out of town. Rudi was so turned on that he could hardly wait; he was sorely tempted to whip his cock out and have a wank while driving, but if he got a little too enthusiastic and shot his bolt the party would be over even before it began.

They reached the park and drove up to a deserted spot by a clump of trees and got out. Immediately they were together Chuck started tugging at Rudi's jeans.

'You had me a little scared back there in the diner.' Rudi said.

'Why's that then?' Chuck said with a chuckle.

'You just looked so menacing. I thought you had a problem with me being gay.' Rudi replied.

'The only problem I had with you being gay was that I wanted some of your ass and you wouldn't even look at me.' Chuck said.

And then there was no more need for words. Chuck nuzzled Rudi's neck, and the younger man turned so that those full, ripe red lips were Chuck's for the taking. Their tongues duelled in the fierce mid-day heat with just the lizards for company. Their hard cocks strained against their jeans and against each other, as both men cupped each other's ass. Chucked loved the full, round bubble butt he found nestled under Rudi's baggy jeans; it seemed built for man love and it was time to see it in the flesh.

The pair moved into the shade and Chuck squatted and undid Rudi's fly button. He lowered his zipper and kissed the smooth skin above the his waistband of his shorts. Then he fished inside the fly of the shorts and hauled out that beautiful cock that had held his attention half an hour ago. It was time to make its acquaintance. He opened wide and took it into his skilled mouth, loving it as only a man can love a cock. Rudi's cock was spit wet and so incredibly sensitive as Chuck's mouth worked its magic on him. He unbuttoned his shirt and crushed his tiny pink nipples between thumb and finger, taking himself to new heights of pleasure.

When he felt Chuck tugging on his jeans. Rudi stepped out of them and glanced around to make sure that there was no one else about. He could see for miles in all directions so it seemed fairly safe. He placed his jeans and shorts on a fallen tree trunk and when Chuck spun him around and bent him over he had to use that same trunk for support. He moaned out loud as the older man parted his tight, smooth, creamy white cheeks and lapped at his delicate little rosebud. He could almost feel the folds of his pucker yielding and Chuck's tongue probed deeper and deeper. This was the best rim job he had ever had and he was so lost in pleasure that he hardly felt any pain when that huge cock started to slice into him.

Chuck took a moment to store the memory of his big cock going into that flawless ass. It had to be one of the best twink butts he had ever scored and he wanted this to be the best fuck for both of them so he took it real slow, inch by inch. As he slowly, slowly slid into Rudi's ass he stroked the young man's back and chest. Rudi pushed back against the invading cock, easing its passage into the depths of his being. He reached down for his soft cock and started gently tugging on it.

Somewhere a bird was singing and a cricket chirped. Rudi opened his eyes and looked up at the blue sky. If there was ever such a thing as paradise on earth he had found it this day. This man was a love making machine, he knew each button to press, each stroke to use. Rudi's lust inflamed ass started sliding up and down that fat shaft, so that they took turns fucking each other. Chuck would stroke for a minute or two, then Rudi's sweet ass would milk his shaft that was growing more and more sensitive. Rudi only wished that they could have been on a bed so that he could sit down on Chuck's cock and see his hairy chest and handsome face. But there was some consolation when Chuck leaned in close and Rudi could his curly chest hair against his back. 

Chuck was close now; the silken canal he was in was getting his cock head so excited he could not hold out much longer. The excitement of a beautiful stranger offering up his hot butt in this deserted spot made this such an intense experience and he wanted to make sure his young friend reached the same wild climax as he knew was about to be his. He reached round and took Rudi's cock in his paw. It was slippery with precum and felt really good in his hand as he fisted it.

Rudi groaned and mumbled incoherently. Chuck's long fingers concentrated on the sensitive underside of Rudi's cock as he felt his own balls fixing to blow. Rudi yelped and shuddered and Chuck gave one last savage thrust that released the pin and his balls blew out, shooting a heavy wad of red hot man juice into the young stud's happy ass. Rudi's own cock erupted in Chuck's hand, spewing his fuck sauce on the ground in thick, ropey spurts that seemed to go on for ages. And Chuck just kept on milking him so that Rudi had to grab hold of his wrist and hold it still when he was done and his cock had grown too sensitive.

The deed done the men tucked their spent cocks away. It was time to move on. But Chuck was really tempted to make something more of it.

'Fuck it.' he thought 'I'll take a chance.' as he fished out his card.

'Here's my card.' he said. 'I usually stay at Andrew's motel on a Thursday night.'

Rudi briefly put his lips to the card and thanked his lucky stars.

'I might look you up sometime.' he replied, knowing full well that he would.

Two week later Rudi dialled the number on Chuck's card and was surprised that Chuck still remembered him and wanted to see him again. So Rudi took a detour and checked into Andrew's motel.

He was nervous as he paced the room, waiting for Chuck to show. He'd been in this sort of situation before and found that it was best not to want more than one session with a stranger. In his experience there would be all sorts of promises to meet up and nothing would ever come of it. Already, at just twenty three, he felt like a veteran in the wars of love and lust, but this time he just had to take a chance and leave the rest to fate.

Suddenly there was rap on the door. Hardly able to breathe because of excitement Rudi opened the door and there stood Chuck! A big smile played on his handsome face, and in his tight jeans was the outline of something else rather big.

The moment Chuck entered the room the two men fell into each other's arms, kissing with a mad passion, like they needed each other's breath to survive. They hadn't even said hello yet but this passion needed taming first. There would be time to catch up with each other's news later. It was Rudi who tore at Chuck's clothes now, eager to get at that hairy body.

When he had stripped Chuck of all his clothes he pinned him underneath him on the bed and rubbed his bubble butt up and down Chuck's stomach and chest. Chuck's hairy chest felt so good under his smooth ass. Which reminded him, he had yet to take a good look at Chuck's ass. He turned Chuck over onto his stomach and took a good look at that tight little ass. Chuck's cheeks were surprisingly smooth for a man who had such a hairy chest and legs, but when Rudi parted the tight cheeks he saw a jungle of black fur in the crack. Pressing his nose into the fur he inhaled deeply; he could smell the scent of soap from Chuck's morning shower but also the intensity of musky man scent built up in the heat of the summer day.

He licked at the fuzzy protected red pucker, working hard to get the long, spit coated hairs out of the way. At last his prize lay bare, ready for his inspection and delight. Chucked sighed as the greedy young pup ate his spicy hole. And then Rudi was torn; as much as he wanted to sit on Chuck's pole and see his handsome face contort in ecstasy, he also wanted to probe this sexy hole with tongue and finger, and perhaps, if Chuck would let him... It was time to test the water. Rudi licked his middle finger and gently inserted it into Chuck's ass. For a pucker that seemed so small and tight, Chuck's ass was incredibly yielding. As Rudi's finger sliced through the velvety warmth of his chute it felt almost as sensitive as he had ever known his cock to be.

Chuck wiggled underneath Rudi and told him there was some lube in his jeans. It was exactly what Rudi was dying to hear. He fished the lube out of Chuck's jeans and began applying it to the outer ring of his ass, teasing his fingers up and down the crack, before dipping in. Chuck sighed softly and Rudi's cock demanded action. He lubed it up and gently pressed his knob end against the warm, slippery ring. Rudi cursed and cried out in delight as his cock slid into that delicious love lane. Supporting his weight on his hands he stroked slowly, now and then pulling all the way out before plunging back in, feeling the pleasure course through his body as his sensitive cock head made contact with Chuck's assring.

Chuck was pleasantly surprised; for a young guy Rudi sure knew how to fuck good. He relaxed completely and let the younger man use his asshole exactly as he wished. The feel of Rudi's warm slippery cock sliding past the guard of his assring was out of this world. And when he went deep it felt even better; being deliciously filled with super hard young man's cock was something Chuck found most agreeable. Chuck's own cock was soft and floppy but he had no need for it now; all that mattered was the intensity of feeling in his ass. He let Rudi do all the work and lay quite still underneath the rampant stud twink.

Rudi's balls and cock and ass felt like they were all fused, one large sensitive area. His round bubble butt sweated as it pounded away, driving the nail deeper and deeper into the willing hairy ass that he was buried in. Rudi looked down at Chuck's strong, muscular shoulders and felt almost bloated with pride that this sexy hunk had chosen him, and had come back to him, and was now about to receive his seed. Rudi's stomach muscles hurt for some much stroking, and his cock was eager for release. Each stroke felt like it would be the last. He shifted gears, really pounding into Chuck's ass so that the bedsprings squeaked a little and squelchy, pumped ass noises filled the air.

'Ooooh yesssss.!' Rudi growled as he felt the soles of his feet start to tingle. He knew what was coming next. He panted and grunted; he could feel his eyelids go funny, then he saw stars as his jubilant cock spasmed deep in Chuck's ass and pumped out his saved up love juice.

'Thank you.' he whispered in Chuck's ear as he lay his full weight on his back.

He lay panting for a few minutes before the two of them hit the shower. Then it was time to grab a meal and a beer before returning to the room for round two of ecstasy.

*

Copyright 2005 Daniel Blue