 While the movie was playing I reached out and touched him. My mistake. I did it softly, carefully, so none of the other movie-goers in the theatre would see. It was gentle, I just wanted to be close to him. Little did I know it would develop into a raging fire?

The movie is over, and we are walking through the parking lot toward the car. He always parks away from the door, far back in the lot. He spent a bunch of money on his ride, and guards it jealously. It's all shiny rims and tinted windows. Not to my taste, but he likes it.

We get to the car, and he opens the door for me. Weird. He has never done that before. We both take great pains to appear straight in public. Neither of us is "out." This is too familiar, someone might see.

As I bend down to get in he pushes past me and pulls the lever that folds the seat back forward. He shoves it to the front on the rails, hard, like he's mad. Does he really expect me to sit in the back? 

I am just about to object when he puts his hand on my neck and shoves me into the back seat. I stumble in, tripping over the bottom of the doorway. I am not expecting this and I land face down on the back seat. He gets in on top of me, and actually grabs the back of my pants, dragging me feet inside while reaching back to slam the door.

He's like an animal. Asking for nothing. If I did not know him so well I would be afraid right now. All I did was touch him in the theatre. My shirt is pulled up. Not so he can see me, so he can see to get my pants off. With one hand he is lifting me off the seat, and with the other yanking them down. 

My pants stop halfway to my knees. I am not wearing any underwear. Normally I do, but we had fucked before we came out for the movie and I had not put them back on. I look back, and he is pulling his own pants down. Furiously fighting with the buckle on his belt that has tangled in his own t-shirt.

He finally opens his pants, and shoves them down. Then his underwear. I am looking at the biggest erection he has ever had. At least the biggest I have ever given him. His cock is normally nice, but now it's gorgeous. It's like it has a lust of its own, straining to get at me. 

He spits into his hand and rubs it all over his cock. He is grinning at me, a man possessed. Next he pulls my cheeks apart and spits on my asshole. Not even bothering to rub it around before he lands on me. 

"Get ready for me, baby." He tells me. 

I can see the look on his face. It doesn't matter if I am ready or not. He is going to take me. Here and now.

He reaches between his legs and guides his gorgeous cock to my hole. I'm scared, and I know it. We have never done this without some kind of lube before, and I am afraid this is really going to hurt. I turn out to be pleasantly surprised. He slides half way into me. My body is used to taking him, and he glides in with only a little discomfort.

He grabs my face and pulls me to him. A long and passionate kiss. He has not moved, allowing me to get used to his presence. I grab the back of his head as we break the kiss. Looking into his eyes I see the lust there. "Do it." I tell him.

He is gazing into my eyes as he gently pushes the rest of the way into my willing body. I feel him bottom out, sighing. I close my eyes. This is the man I love. I can't wait to satisfy him. 

He releases my face and pushes himself up on his hands. One hand is on the floor behind the driver's seat because our makeshift bed is not wide enough. It does nothing to discourage him, and he begins thrusting deep into me.

He grabs my hair and pulls my head back as he plows into me. It hurts a little bit, but he loves it. I know it's a huge turn on for him. He owns me, and he is making sure I know. As if I could ever forget with his gorgeous manhood inside me.

It feels so good, and he is not wearing a condom. We did when we first met, but after a few weeks I let him get close to me. It felt so good to feel him explode in me that first time. This is better.

He leans down and clamps the skin of my shoulder in his teeth. He is biting me through my shirt. Not the first time he has done this, I love it. I urge him on, faster and faster. I can feels his balls crashing into my ass with every thrust. I love it, I love him.

He is kissing me again and I can feel his thrusts growing erratic. He is going to cum soon. I can't wait. I grab his head again, locking our lips together as he explodes into me. One hard thrust and he freezes. I can actually feel it flowing into my body. I have never felt it before. At least not like this. Maybe it is his weight bearing down on me, but I can feel it all. His hot seed spreading out in my body.

He is shuddering and gasping. I can feel the few small thrusts that mean he is almost done. He is making sure it is all inside me. His head lands on my shoulder, sweat leaving a damp spot on my shirt. I don't care, he smells good.

"I'm sorry." He whispers to me. He is gently stroking my face with his fingers. "I don't know what happened. I just needed you so bad."

I rock my hips back at him. He gasps as the movement of my ass rubs against his now sensitive manhood. "There is nothing to apologize for. I love pleasing you. Besides, that was probably the hottest it has ever been."

He is laughing softly and kissing my neck. "I really love you, you know?" He has told me before, but now something is different in his voice. I can feel his love. We may never be the same again.