 Authors Note: This is my first story, so let me know if you like it and want me to continue. Sorry its not sex at first its more of the lit of Literotica. As I continue it will develop to the erotica part. Thanks to MsRoseEvans for editing!

Kayden

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Come on, suck it you little faggot. Or do you want to take it in your tight twink ass?" my abductor asked me.

Let me explain how it got to this point. Ever since I was about 14, I knew I had an attraction to boys. As I got older those feelings intensified. Now that I'm 18 and have just graduated high school, I decided to give into those feelings. 

My protector during high school was Kristin. Kristin was the head of the cheerleading squad but she wasn't fake and rude like the other members were; she was real. Kristin was the type of girl to take anyone under her wing. I owe her my life for pretending to be my girlfriend, to silence the rumors that were surfacing about my sexuality, so that I had a smooth time from my junior to senior year at high school.

One day at a party, Kristin introduced me to her cousin, Sammy. Sammy was an overly flamboyant 'Hey Girl Hey' type of gay guy. She was trying to hook me up with him, but her failed effort turned into a great friendship. The reason why I didn't explore my sexuality with Sammy was because he looked like he was my twin. He was maybe 2 inches taller than me, a tad bit tanner, and we had the same color eyes. People always asked us if we were related. Sammy was my total opposite though; he was more social, the life of any gathering. Me, I preferred to keep to myself. Sammy would always call me his 'Precious little Twink.' I guess I fit the description; I'm not tall, I'd say about 5'5, my body is slim built, blonde hair, blue eyes, and gay - your stereotypical 'twink'. 

Fast-forward to my 18th birthday. Sammy took it upon himself to bring me to this gay club called 'The Closet' to see a drag show. I remember his words exactly: 

"My baby is 18! You have to go with me to see this drag show, my friend Diva Rush is in it. It will be hilarious and you'll love it. You might find Mr. Sexy!" he said as he winked at me. 

Turns out I did meet a 'Mr. Sexy', till the jerk drugged my drink. Now I'm tied to a damn bed in some abandoned building. 

"Help MEEE" I kept screaming. That did it, he injected me with some needle and I fell into a drug-induced sleep. A temporary relief.

Max

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Towers, you did the best you could. Don't worry, we'll catch him," said the lead agent, Tommy. 

"Tommy, you know the prick is most likely on a one way flight to Mexico as we speak," I retorted, anger very present in my voice. 

I was a relatively new agent with the Federal Criminal Investigative Service. Congress established FCIS in order to relieve the FBI of investigating low profile cases, allowing them to focus on the higher profile cases. FCIS started hosting recruiting fairs at the local community college I attended, causing me to drop out of the police academy and join. To say I was devoted to my job was merely an understatement. My partner, Kayla, knew way to well that I never give up on a case. I put my head down in frustration at Tommy's statement. He didn't reply because he knew I was right.

"Come on Maxy, let's go grab something to eat, my treat," Kayla said as she put her hand on my shoulder. 

With the stress I put her through when I don't give up on a case, I'm surprised she still works at FCIS, let alone still my partner. 

"Fine..." I replied, knowing that I didn't really have a choice. What Kayla says goes. She's stubborn like that. It's sort of like revenge for the stress I put her through. 

"You really have to lose your teenage girl attitude, Maxy," Kayla retorted. Oh that's another thing, she's not afraid to speak her mind.

I just rolled my eyes at her and went to grab my jacket.

She flipped me off and ignored me on the elevator. Once outside headquarters we started to make our way to the Won Ton Buffet, since Kayla is too cheap to take me someplace nicer.

We were half way to the buffet when she interrupted my thoughts. 

"Max does that guy look strange to you?" she asked, pointing to a rather large overweight man with greasy red hair, dressed in a rather expensive looking Italian suit. He noticed our stare and, in an attempt to be intimidating, he made his way towards us. 

"Yeah, something doesn't seem right about him. You wanna question him, Kay?"

"I'll go after him." 

I shot her a look. The guy was ten times her size. I mean the woman has balls, chasing down mobsters and criminals, yet making room for her weekly manicure.

"Don't worry I'll be fine," Kayla said, knowing the look I gave her. 

"Excuse me Sir, Agent O'Hara, FCIS," Kayla told him while flashing her badge.

That did it; he quickly changed direction and broke into a run.

"I'll grab him, Maxy. This shouldn't take too long." 

"Okay well I'll see if I can find out where he came from and what provoked him to run," I told her. 

I started to run towards the direction the man was running from. I love my job, but they don't pay me enough for this shit.

"Sorry Ma'am," I yelled to the women I almost knocked over. 

I arrived at a rather busy street in a rough neighborhood, with nothing seeming out of place. Everything was just your usual bad neighborhood; prostitutes, pimps, and drug dealers. Walking further down the street I noticed a beautiful mansion. 

"That's ironic. What is a beautiful mansion doing in a neighborhood like this? Probably drug lords," I thought to myself while I gazed up at the beautiful structure. 

I found myself memorized by the mansion's beauty. I began walking towards it in awe. It was a turn of the century gothic structure, with gargoyle statues, and an old fountain. The grass clearly needing to be cut and the flowers were dead, yet I primarily focused on the beautiful architecture of the place. 

Once I was near the gates, and after admiring it for several minuets, I heard a faint scream of terror which broke me out of the trance I was in the. Then it was silent for a good five minutes, followed by a sudden "Help meeeeeeeeeeee. Please somebody call 91...1....." 

It sounded like it came from the alleyway towards the left of the mansion. Pausing a moment, I debated if I should call for back up, remembering that the last time I followed procedure the victim ended up dead. 

"Fuck it I'm not dealing with guilt again. I'm taking my chances... I'm going in," I told myself. 

I slipped down the alleyway and walked up towards a rundown abandoned brick building. It was a former middle school judging by PS 47 engraved above the entrance. 

"FCIS with a warrant," I shouted, drawing my gun and kicking the locked door down.

I knew that I didn't have a warrant, and would hear about it later from Tommy, along with getting some grief from the local police. But I thought whoever was holding the victim here would make a run for it, like they always do, thus giving me time to rescue the owner of the voice.

"Where the fuck is the light switch?" I muttered to myself. 'Aw fuck. I don't have a flashlight' 

While I was getting pissed off, I grabbed my cell phone using the screen to illuminate my way.

Kayden

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"If you make one fucking noise, I swear to god I'll kill you. Do you understand me?" screamed my abductor. 

I heard the FCIS agent make his presence known, so I had to stall until he found me. I decided not to reply. 

"Do you understand me?" 

I still don't reply. 

"DO YOU FUCKING UNDERSTAND ME? I'M NOT GOING TO JAIL FOR YOU!" 

My abductor was getting louder. I hoped that the FCIS agents would hear him. It continued on for a good two minutes.

"I'm sorry scumbag," came a second voice. "I don't think I understand you. Special Agent Towers, FCIS, and you my friend are under arrest." 

Special Agent Towers looked like a Greek god. He had to be about 5'10, with medium length curly brown hair, and dark almond eyes which were full of compassion and love, yet penetrating and ready to shoot my abductor, topped with a perfect sun kissed tan.  

I snapped out of my lustful state and back into fear when my abductor put that gun to my head. For the first time in my life I prayed to remain alive.

"You don't wanna do this, my friend. You do that, then you're asking for the death penalty. You give him to me, and I guarantee you will get leniency with the District Attorney ... maybe plead down to a lesser sentence, possibly a misdemeanor." 

My abductor refused to cooperate. The gun was still on the back of my head, and his arms wrapped around my neck. 

"Come on you don't want this... I'll say you cooperated. Be smart man," he said, this time agent Towers laughed a little. 

What the fuck, he's supposed to be helping me here. 'Oh please god, forgive me' I started to pray. I'm an atheist, but out of fear I would do anything. 

"What the fuck is so funny?" demanded my abductor. 

"Oh nothing really, but you better make up your mind soon because five more agents should be running in this room shortly. Their guns will be up and I can't think of anything they would love more than to end your pathetic life."

"Nice try, Agent Towers. You and I know damn well it won't be justified," my abductor replied. 

"As far as I'm concerned you were about to shoot them, they stopped you just in time. You know the AUSA would believe me over some lowlife criminal anyway."

What the fuck was agent Towers trying to do? If he was trying to get me killed he was doing a damn good job. I could feel my abductor's finger as he debated whether or not to pull the trigger.

All of a sudden I fell to the floor with my abductor, screaming in excruciating pain. I didn't care though, I was free now. 

"I thought I recognized that sexy blonde hair." 

I thought agent Towers was talking about me until some blonde-headed lady put her taser away and came over to me.

"Max cuff him, and call Skyland PD. Maybe the DA will charge him, since you know we have no jurisdiction," the women yelled to Agent Towers.

Agent Towers... err... Max, did as he was told and handcuffed my tasered abductor, and then proceeded grabbing his cell phone, putting it on speaker. He was talking to some woman with a Texas accent, but I was too emotional to pay attention to the conversation.

After he hung up with the detective, he walked over to me. I was still on the ground hugging the blonde agent, crying uncontrollably, resting my head on her shoulder. I couldn't help myself. Then agent Tower's punched my abductor in the face, knocking him out. He then came back over to me. I found myself in a group hug sort of thing with agent Towers and the blonde agent. I was still crying, making threats of suicide silently to myself. 

"SKYLAND POLICE!" shouted the Texas accent belonging to Detective Clark.

"Christy, in here!" Agent Towers shouted out to her, getting up and walking over to talk to her. 

"What's your name bud?" asked the blonde agent. 

"K... Kayden...Kayden J...Johnson." 

My voice was barely understandable from the crying. But if someone was attempting to have sex with you against your will, and you were injected with something to make you fall asleep, you would wanna die to. Detective Clark officially arrested him. The blonde agent, whom I later found out was agent Kayla O'Hara, brought me to the hospital to be checked out. I just want to end my life.

Max

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"What's wrong, Maxy?" Kayla asked with concern very evident on her face, as she swiped her ID starting her shift. 

"I'm worried about Kayden. The perp made bail. After everything he put Kayden through, can you believe that shit? If I had my way, the perp would be sitting in an electric chair right now." I knew there was more to the feeling, but I couldn't quite put my finger on it.

"Well, I have his address from the police report, after we're done following up on leads you can go over there and see how he's doing." 

"Towers, get your head together!" Tommy yelled in his direction. "You're slacking with the interrogation, and you know how important this case is. The AUSA is on my ass, he wants to get this case to court ASAP."

"Sorry Tommy, I said softly. Kayden was on my mind all day, I just couldn't think straight. 

"You know what, Towers? Go home. I'll interrogate him myself." 

Even though I should be pissed that I was getting sent home, I was happy. I could go see Kayden.

"Don't show your face around here until you can interrogate properly." 

Ignoring him, I went to Kayla's desk to grab the police report. I quickly skimmed through it, pausing over his description, remembering his blue eyes and blonde hair. I snapped out of it and jotted down the address so I could get out of there. I'd never seen Tommy so pissed before.

Just my luck, I had to get stuck in afternoon traffic. The worst part was, since I was in my personal car I didn't have lights, so I had to deal with traffic just like everyone else.

"Come the fuck on. MOVE GRANDMA!" I shouted at the car in front of me. "Oh how I just love midday traffic," I mumbled. 

After what seemed forever, I finally made it to the housing district. 

"Well this isn't where I thought he would live," I thought as I approached the stereotypical public housing high-rise building. 

"POLICE IN THE BUILDING!" a young boy who had to be at least 8 shouted as he ran into the building. 

I forgot my badge was still clipped to my belt. 

"Gee, isn't it a damn shame they teach their kids how to spot a cop. Should have changed into gangster clothes... maybe I would have been better off,' I laughed at the unfortunate truth. 

"913...914...915...ah 916. Kayden its Agent Tower's from FCIS." No answer. "Please Kayden let me in, I just want to talk." Nothing. "Kayden I'm coming in." I kicked the door in. 

I heard a squeal coming from a locked door. 

"Kayden! Are you in there?" 

The squeal came again.

Instinctively, I kicked the door down. My heart ached at the sight in front of me. Kayden was tied up to the bed with duct tape on his mouth. I wanted to kill the person responsible.

"Kayden, it's okay. I'm here now. It's okay," I said as I proceeded to take the duct tape off his mouth. 

"Max!" Kayden said out of breath. "He... he... he came back. He said he was gonna finish up what he started when he come back. I'm so scared, Max. Please hold me."

I found myself wrapping the young man into my arms. His head lay on my chest just crying. I pulled a piece of his beautiful silky blonde hair out of his face, revealing his frightened pale blue eyes.

"Shhh, its okay, I'm here Kayden. I won't let him hurt you," I told the frightened young man. "Its okay, baby," I said to the still sobbing young man.

"What the fuck did I just say to him? I'm not gay, I can't be. I never called any man that before," I thought. 

His heartbeat was getting faster.

"I got you. It's going to be okay." I whispered into his ear.

To Be Continued...