 They pulled up in front of the flat and Andy quickly got out of the car, knocking on the window as the poor man had fallen asleep. Exhaustion had taken hold of him after his dreadful experience, and the sudden loud noise made him jump out of his skin.

His eyes snapped opened and warily moved as the door was already open for him and he was helped out of the car. Theo's initial reaction was to push Andy away as he touched him. 

"I'm alright!" He snapped grouchily, pulling his arm from Andy's grip and putting a bit of distance between them.

Smiling sympathetically, but shocked. He had never heard Theo raise his voice like that, not to him at least, and he felt guilty that he had been the one to push him into going through with the drop, and the suffering that had resulted. Well, from what he had gathered, just a good hiding. The questions burned his tongue as he wanted to know why he had been beaten up, and why the bag he held still bulged with stuff? Instead, he silently followed him up the steps; the least he could do was make sure he was home safe and sound. Cal might not be home yet to look after him.

He was still shaking as he pulled the key from his inside pocket, fumbling with the lock and unable to get his brain functioning enough to open the damn door. Finally, Andy took it from him and opened it easily, both stepping into the flat finding the room empty. No Cal wasn't home yet.

Moving to the cabinet in the corner, Theo took out a glass and slammed it down, grabbing a bottle of bourbon and pouring himself a rather large measure. He downed it in one, sighing as the amber liquid soothed his pain. He repeated the process, but caught sight of the other man as he brought it to his lips. Andy was standing, staring at him with an expectant expression written on his face, clearly waiting for some answers. He just shook his head and downed another.

Just then the door opened drawing both men's attention. Cal stood keys in hand with a concerned yet masterful expression on his face as the first person to catch his eyes was his lover, empty glass in hand. His face twisted in horror as he noticed the bruises on his cheekbones, the line of blood trailing down his neck, and his cut lip. Tossing his empty bag on the table he moved closer, examining him carefully, and then shooting a look at Andy. 

"I found him crouched on the ground outside in the street like this." 

"Really!" Cal raised an eyebrow. "What the fuck happened?" He looked at Theo again, who was busy draining his third glass. 

"He hasn't told me, he refuses to say anything."

"Angel?" Stepping closer, his face seemed cold and devoid of any emotion. "What did they do to you? Oh god my... precious precious angel." 

Eyes fell, his lip trembling as he allowed him to slip the sunglasses from his face, revealing his beautiful eyes, tearful and glazed. 

"He wanted..." He took a sharp breath to stop himself from sobbing. "...He wanted pure."

"What?" He belted out sitting down hard on the chair next to him.

"He wanted pure Coke, not the stuff already mixed." 

"I don't understand... He never stated that, just what..." Andy frowned in confusion.

"...No Andy." Theo turned sharply to face him. "You don't, do you?" He started to breathe hard, unable to control the panic surging through him.

"But... They... they hurt you? Jesus." Cal wrapped an arm around his shoulders as he broke down, tears falling hard and fast. Holding him and comforted him, letting his shirt get soaked by the grief. Andy backed up towards the door. 

"I'll leave you to it" He said solemnly, opening it then giving the pair one last look before he left.

"Thanks for bringing him home Andy." Was the reply before he closed it. He immediately turned his attention back to his boyfriend still trembling in his arms.

"I tried calling your phone was off. You worried the shit out of me. I asked Joe but he said that you didn't need a pick up and that you would meet me in Soho."

"My battery must have died." He sniffed, taking the phone from his pocket and throwing it on the table. 

"I looked after I left, but you'd never called me or nothing, and I thought you would have but you didn't, and they... they..." he became hysterical again.

"Here." He handed him a cigarette, lighting it for him and giving him a moment to take a large puff and calm down a little before he said any more. He settled him back against the couch cushions, getting him comfortable, and then sitting next to him.

"Will you tell me what actually happened? Take your time." 

Inhaling then blew out the smoke he slowly started to speak. "He's a complete psycho; he was in power the whole time. I was so far out of my depth, how could you have left me with that monster?" 

"What did he do to you? Why?" 

"He wasn't happy with the gear." He took a large drag again, eyes focusing on a speck of dirt on the floor.

"T-old me it wasn't what he wanted... pure was what he asked for. He has his own trade, much bigger than ours apparently." He looked up into his lovers eyes for a second, trying to avoid the certain question. 

"He... threw the bag at me practically, told me that he never wanted to see my face in his club again, and if he did he'd..." He sighed with a shiver. "Practically..."

"...He beat you cos he wasn't happy with the stuff?"

Again he tried to ignore the question, but Calvin was pushing for more information.

"Basically."

"You didn't provoke him? Argue? Say something stupid?"  

"No, of course I didn't! What do you take me for? I didn't want to do this fucking job in the first place!" He scowled.

"Ok ok, so he beat you for no reason?" 

He wished he would drop it, stop interrogating him, but he wouldn't stop until he had had the full SP. 

"It was his fucking fault." Theo now pointed to the door accusing the man who had been standing there a few moments before. "He was the one who told him that he was sending the 'pretty blonde,' he was the reason why I got my ass kicked, his fault that... he... treated me like his many whores that work at the club, exposed like a piece of meat for men to get their kicks out of." He bit his lip, knowing he had already said enough as he watched Cal's eyes widen, the penny dropping.

"No..." Shaking his head, not believing what he was hearing.

"...Yes Calvin. He didn't only beat the crap out of me..." The words soured on his tongue, bitter and nasty. "R..a ... me, kicked me, punched me, and I couldn't do anything to prevent it. He had a knife."

"No... no, fuck no."  Cal clasped his eyes shut and clenched his fists in his dark shoulder length hair.

"Yes." 

Theo stubbed out the cigarette and stood to pour another drink, wincing as his chest hurt with the movement, rubbing it with his hand.

"FUCK!!!" Calvin spat, standing up quickly and pacing across the room, kicking a stool in the process.

Theo just stood and stared through him, coldly drinking another Jacks. 

"Reckon you've toughened me up then? I'd say after that I'm pretty fucking done alright." He spluttered bitterly.

Cal skipped over and held his lover, turning him around and searching the eyes that were firmly staring down at his feet. Taking his hand and lifted his chin, sadly gazing into the eyes that had flicked up to greet his own under the curtain of hair and damp long lashes.

"We never should have gone through with it, never agreed that you could do this on your own. I never fucking should have left you alone. I should have been there, with you. Fuck! I would have kicked his ass." He snarled gritting his teeth in anger.

"He was powerful; well he had powerful companions bodyguards, contacts. We're no match for him." 

"No Theo..." 

"...You know what else he said?" His eyes softened. "He said that he wasn't prepared to pay for what 'I'd brought, but he said it was worth every penny fucking the ..." He panted as he pushed the words that stuck in his throat like a sharp stick. "...Fucking me," His voiced died, and he closed his eyes, ashamed. "In not so many words"

Now feeling the cruel claws of regret, guilt; rage and hurt squeeze his heart. He couldn't believe what he was hearing and yet just last night he had told him he would kill anyone that ever hurt him. There was nothing he could do, he couldn't press charges or sort him out, no. It was dangerous game they played, one in which sometimes you have to turn a blind eye, and especially knowing you could end up dead at the end of it.

"He even threw a fifty quid note at me. I felt humiliated and so cheap."

"Come on," He said softly, stroking the fair feral strands. "I'll run you a bath, and tonight we can have a bottle of wine with a film, and maybe a takeaway yeah? Just you and me."

He had to fight the urge to go out and just punch any random male who stepped in his way, boiling with so much anger, but he knew he had to keep cool for Theo's sake.

"Yes I'd like that. Thanks"

"Take off that shirt and I'll get it in to soak before it stains." 

Going to the bathroom and turned on the taps, sticking in the plug, his knees suddenly gave out and he slipped to the floor, rubbing his face vigorously. 

"Fuck, fuck fuck!"

He forgot time as he sat there deep in thought, feeling his stomach knot, his heart strain for his angel's anguish. The bath was almost full as he came back from his daydream or day nightmares. Standing up, he poured in the bubble bath, turned off the water and then walked to the bedroom.

Theo stood in just his trousers and Cal's eyes roamed over his torso, staring in horror at what he saw. The pale, perfect body tainted in blues and purples around his ribs and arms. "Jesus!" He gasped not really knowing the extent of the injuries until now, having only seen those which were visible on his face. 

"Stay there, I'll get some ice on that." 

With that he rushed to the freezer and pulled out a bag of pre- packed ice, quickly returning to his lover who was sat on the bed clearly in pain as he held his chest.

"This might be a bit cold." He warned, placing the bag on the bruises. 

Theo jumped and squealed as the icy feeling shocked him. Then the pain numbed, the cooling helping bring the swelling down.

"I feel like shit, I really do. Never again will I let you out of my sight," dabbing the skin. But Theo remained quiet.

"I mean it; this was one big fuck up that is not to be repeated." 

His lover now looked at him. "I don't know about Andy anymore." He confessed, bringing the nusing to a stop with a surprised look on his face.

"What do you mean?" 

"I don't know... It's almost, like he has a hold over us somehow, like we're his puppets." 

Cal let out a low gruff sigh. "He has helped us out, and if it wasn't for him we would be broke and living in cardboard city."

"Exactly." 

"I understand where you are coming from, but this is good, we have the comfortable life here..." 

"...Oh, so you are on his side then?" 

"No, it was just a glitch. Oh baby, I really wish this never happened. I hate him for what he has done to you, but I feel just as helpless. If it helps I'll get Andy to have a word ok, tell him that we will never do business with this Kermit again." He brushed his cheek with his fingertips as Theo shuddered at his name.

He then sighed and stood up, and without looking back he moved to the bathroom, shutting the door behind him. Cal was left feeling awful, picking up the shirt and looked at the bloodstain, kicking himself hard inwardly at this complete fuck up. He also knew Theo was right. 

Calvin was fussing about like some house wife wanting to please her husband, scrubbing out the stain hard, letting his anger out with the movement. Finally the red turned yellow and he was happy that it would now wash out. The water was a dirty murky brown as he squeezed out the remaining drips, his stomach turning, leaving him feeling nauseous. He pulled the plug and watched it drain away, sticking it in the laundry bag and ready to take down to the utility area located at the back downstairs, just by the door that led to the small communal garden. He still had to go and get some wine, but hated the thought of leaving Theo alone. He walked to the bathroom hearing the tiny trickles echo off the walls as he bathed.

"Babe, are you ok?"

"Yeah." he answered weakly.

"Look I need to go the laundry room and then the shop for wine, will you be ok here?" He went silent.

"Theo?" 

"Don't leave me." He said with small plea.

"I have to the wine won't wont come to us will it, unless you want to come..." 

"...NO!" He said quickly, fear evident in his voice as the anxiety and shock gripped him in the aftermath of the attack. "I can't go out I can't face anyone, not now not ever."

He leaned on the door and bowed his head knowing this was going to be a problem.

"I won't be long, I promise. I will take my phone so you can call me anytime ok?" 

"Don't leave me!" 

"Oh fuck." He muttered under his breath. "Ok, you want me to call Andy?"

"NO!" Came the instant brash reply.

"Well what can I do? I have go out and I know you have had a shock, but I promise I will be no more than ten minutes ok?" It went quiet again.

"THEO?" He was getting irritated now.

"Ok," sighed.

"Ok what?" 

"Go, but I am not leaving this bathroom until you come back!"

"Good, I promise I won't long be long, ok?" 

It went silent again, walking away, rubbing at the stress-induced ache in his temples. He grabbed the laundry bag, his wallet, keys and phone, and walked out the door swearing to himself that he wouldn't be long.

                              * * * Andy sat in his armchair glass of brandy in his hand, listening to some soft music. He felt bad for his associate but as a professional he couldn't let this effect him or any future work. Ok so it was a mighty cock up yes, but still! The phone buzzed on the table; his work phone, only used for business. He picked it up and pressed the key to read the message, smiling as he read through.

'Mr K. He enjoyed the blonde, but you failed to bring Mr K the right stuff. We will not tolerate this. Come near the Club Noir again and you will face the consequences Management of Club Noir.'

"So what, we screwed up mate, no skin off my nose," He chuckled and put down the phone. Something dawned on him and he frowned. "What did he mean by enjoyed the blonde?" He picked up the phone again and dialled, listening to it ring only a few times before it was answered.

"Al... Yes, it is me. I think it's time."  

                                   * * *

The watern was becoming cold, he hadn't heard Cal return, but he was freezing. He knew he could just top up the hot water but his anxiety grew as his boyfriend was longer than expected. He decided to get out, wrapping a towel around his waist and drained the water. Padding to the bedroom he dressed, finding a baggy jumper and some loose track trousers.

Cal was still out as he came into the lounge. He felt panic overtake him. He hated being alone, and rarely was as he never really left his side. He twiddled his thumbs; playing with his hair and shooting expectant glances at the door every few seconds. The phone rang and his heart leapt from his chest. He froze, cowering on the sofa, scared stiff of just a simple ring of the phone. He didn't want to answer it, didn't want to talk to anyone; didn't want to be in existence in this cruel world. He panicked, panting and trembling.  Finally the man entered the room looking at the terrified huddled form, and hearing the high pitched tune of their home phone. He dropped the bottles on the worktop and came running over.

"It's only Andrew." He said, looking at the caller display as he watched Theo's eyes widen in utter terror.

"Don't tell him please don't tell him I was..." 

He waved him down as he picked up the receiver. "Andy, what's up?" he answered coldly.

"I just wanted to see how Theo was," looked over as the man in question got himself under control.

"He's not great, a little jumpy and well, you know." He flicked his long hair and shrugged, even though he knew Andy wouldn't be able to see the gesture.

"I'm sorry this all went wrong, I was so sure that I had my facts right."

"Damn right! You fucked up! It's your job to make sure things are secure." 

"Speaking of which, I received a text from them about ten minutes ago." Andy continued, ignoring his rant.

"Oh?" He now turned around and walked to the kitchenette, away from the victim whom he didn't want to traumatise any more just by speaking about them. Andrew told him the message and Cal sighed, yeah pretty much exactly what he had told him. But Andy had to say it. He had to ask, just get in.

"What did he mean by he enjoyed the blonde?" 

"Oh.... I really... dunno Andy, I guess he liked the way he looked. Come on you know what happened, give him a break yeah!" He looked over as he was listening and shook his head frantically.

He frowned as he wanted to know what they were talking about, not liking being shut out like a child.

"Well, one contact we can do without anyway. Sod- em, rather not get involved with thugs like that." .

"You want me to call round?" 

"No, Theo and I are going to have an easy night. Cheers anyway."

"Ok, take care of him for me." He frowned, and then said his goodbyes, about to hang up when Andy cut in.

"Vin! I have someone that would like to meet you." 

"Oh?" flicked his eyes over to the side and started to unpack the bottles.

"But... you alone, don't bring Theo." 

"Why? He's our partner, why should he be left out?"

Theo was leaning forward, flicking through the TV channels. Luckily he hadn't heard anything over the noise of clanging bottles. 

"It's just delicate, with what he has gone through." 

"Delicate? Oh no, no Andy, no way are we dealing them again!" 

He now threw a look at the man on the phone when he raised his voice.

"It was you who told him to toughen up, to do this job that ended up getting him..." He had to stop himself before he spilled any more information. 

"Look whoever has to see me sees both; it's in the contract right? Anyway, since when have you had his interest at heart?" He growled lowly, purposely making a noise by taking two glasses from the rack. 

He knew Andy had a soft spot for his boyfriend and was starting to get annoyed by him trying to muscling in on his affections.

"It's not that simple Vin! This man he's... well he asked to meet you both, but with recent events it is better if you meet him alone. Do it for Theo, yeah?"

Cal bit his lip and turned around. "Ok when where, what time and who?"

"Mr Lorenzo. He's a new contact and safe I assure you. He has a rather large proposition for you. A fairly tempting one I would say. Oh yes and... location his Manor house Sussex." 

"Oh really? And why has this Lorenzo not been mentioned before?" 

"Because he also has a business in the hierarchy."

He was lost for words but listened on. Luckily Theo had occupied himself with some of their private stash, and was now staring into space as he had already taken a fair amount. The residue white lines of dust clumsily scattered over the glass.  "Ok, I will meet him, but anything happens and we are out! I will not have anymore hiccups Andy, it is becoming too dangerous."

"I promise you Calvin, he will be sweet as a nut, and I will come round and occupy Theo."

"He'd better be." He hung up brashly and breathed out, leaning on the work surface, and letting his hands support his weight.

Theo was staring at the TV, not actually watching it though more like staring straight through it. Cal pulled the lids off the Chinese meal they had ordered and placed the opened foil containers on two plates, looking over at this zombie who was just glazed. Bringing it over to the table in front of the sofa where he was curled up, glacing over seeing that he hadn't even noticed the food had arrived.
