 Turning around and smiles seeing his man sleeping curled up next to him, feeling his warmth and listening to his steady breathing.

He grinned knowing that he didn't last long on the sofa, that he would return to the bed pretty soon after he did. Of course he didn't know Andy had carried him, not hearing or feeling anything as he was in a deep sleep. He stroked his curls and kissed his cheek. He stirred a little but didn't wake up.

The Taxi would be arriving in less than an hour so he made himself look presentable, finding a suit jacket, black jeans and black T-shirt. He didn't know why but it seemed suitable to be all in black. He thought it would make him look tougher and no nonsenses, perhaps less approachable or signal he meant business.

Standing primping in the full length mirror making sure he look perfect, beard trimmed hair tied back and of course the last accessorized sun glasses.

He heard a voice behind him and looked at the man through the mirror.

"So you are going then?" He asked with a sharp tone.

"Hi sweetheart," he beamed, hoping he had woken up in a better mood.

Theo ingnored his sweet talk and asked again.

Cal sighed and walked over to the bed setting down to see his lover looking at him with a serious expression. "Look. I have to. I won't be too long and Andy will be here." He reached out to stroke his cheek, but flinched away. "I have to go," he said looking at his watch, "Joe's gonna be here in twenty minutes."

"Fine fuck off then!" He buried his head under the covers.

"Theo please don't be childish, I won't be long and once I know what he wants I will call a meeting and discus it, and that includes you," he turned before he walked away having more important things on his mind than Theo's tantrums. "Have you ever considered my feelings? I get nervous too you know" He turned and walked away.

A face appeared from the marine blue duvet, poking his head up. He was right and then guilt surged through him. But before he could say goodbye he was gone.

Outside the older aged man with a white beard and long silver hair was waiting.

He said hello as Cal sat in the seat next to him, his own fear building as he had no idea who this Mr. Lorenzo was or what he wanted. Andy hadn't said a lot about him, but he trusted him or did he? 

Look what happened to Theo when he thought that club manager was ok! 

But he could handle himself well and any trouble, he would make sure he'd show him not to mess with him. He had done it before back in the old days, putting a man in hospital when he tried to rip him off.

Nowadays he was more placid and never needed you use any aggression, even his boyfriend could push his limits but he never laid a finger on him. But things had been tough over the two weeks but managed to keep a strong head.

Pulling away he looked up; the bedroom window was facing the side of the building, seeing a face watching down sadly. He sighed deeply and tried to forget Theo for the moment, although it felt strange him not being in his shadow.

"Afternoon!" Andrew beamed as he poked his head through the bedroom door. Theo was pressed to the window, gazing out like a damsel waiting for her prince to rescue her from the tower in some fairy tail book.

He walked closer as he had not answered him, stopping less than an inch then put his hands on each shoulder and kneaded his muscles.

"He won't be long," he soothed enjoying the touch of the bare soft skin under is fingers, the scent coming off his nape as he leaned to lightly take in the sweet lingering cologne and his manly musk from the night before. 

Letting out a weak sigh he flinched and moved passed the tall man, putting on a worn T-shirt before walking out of the door and sat on the chair at the dining table. Andy had already prepared brunch and two steaming cups of coffee. Looking at it then his friend who now stood straight with a jubilant smile on his face.

"Well c'mon eat up," he then sat down and watched the other stare at the fried food, that made his stomach churn more than growl with hunger.

"This is sweet but I'm really am not hungry." He pushed the plate away, the smell made him feel sick.

"You have to eat, you look so thin and you are going to need your strength for today".

"Why what's so special about today?" He sipped the coffee that tasted great actually. Andy always could make great coffee.

"Had a message from a customer we are doing a drop." He bit into a slice of toast and winked.

"Do we have to Andy?" he played with his food, with the fork.

"Oh c'mon, we are supplying some great gear people are in demand we have it they have money," chewed and spoke with his mouth full.

"I s'pose." 

"No suppose about it! It's a fact"

He peered up through his messy curls and tried to eat the sausage that half dangled on the spike. Sighed, what choice did he have?

"Good Lad, Jay Lewis's drop is in Islington at three." 

He was a regular.

* * * 

The long Journey was boring yes! But Joe kept him entertained with his usual shit jokes and small talk. No work as he knew it was some what prudent to avoid.

"Almost there Sir, we had good clear roads today." 

The apprehension made him shuffle and wonder. What would he be like? What proposition did he have for him? It was intriguing scary but yet exciting, he loved the high adrenaline rush of the perks of this job.

There are some hidden incorporations around, some of which you never get a sniff off unless bumped into by a good chance. The majority of the times in a bad way, of course Theo had a taste of that. But then some minor businesses usually have some nasty people who like to throw their weight about due to power going to their heads, it was unlikely Mr Lorenzo was like this, even his name sounded regale. 

He became at ease as he created in his mind on what he was like, maybe this wasn't all bad.

Pulling out his phone he found peace in himself, hoping he could reach out and give some to Theo.

Pressing the buttons slowly he text his lover, smiling as he hit the send resting his head back.

'It will be alright' He thought, but still not letting his guard down, he still had to be cautious.

"We are here" Joe affirmed bringing Cal out of his dream, only now did he miss the curls brushing against his cheek, the sweet innocent smile and the beautiful eyes of his boyfriend whao was so far away. 

He was having a lovely moment with him in his mind, the last time they made love was so long ago, yet two weeks certainly felt like it anyway.

He sighed letting his last remembered thought of his body warmly caressing his, his soft kisses and tiny cries as he brought him to climax.

But now he had to adjust his bulging crotch and think about the next step.

It wasn't too long before he was pushed to the back of his mind for a moment as they drove through iron double gates, stony drive that seemed to go on for miles before coming to a grand Manor in the middle of nowhere. 

"Jesus!" He exclaimed staring up at the building. 

* * *

"Everything alright?" Andrew asked as Theo shifted up to grab his phone as it vibrated through his pocket with two single tones. Looking at it he smiled, glad that Cal hadn't forgotten him.

"Yeah think so, its Cal."

"What did he say?" He asked not taking his eyes off the road but switching a quick glance at the passenger sitting next to him.

"He is almost there now and..." He scrolled down and blushed.

"...And?"

"...Oh

"What?" He asked again.

"..Oh he's ... I can tell you that it's private," he giggled.

"Oh I see" The driver grinned.

"Just he will call me when he's done." 

"Ok." He turned a corner the location almost five minutes away.

Once they arrived Andy parked a few blocks down the road, just for safety in case the police got suspicious and nailed the cars registration.

"You ready?" He asked as Theo clutched the bag tightly. 

It had been a while since he had done this so wasn't exactly thrilled after what happened last time, freezing in his seat as Andy opened the door for him.

"What you waiting for?" He said coldly and impatiently. He was in 'work mode' so that friendly appearance was now changed to a harder exterior.

"I don't know if I can Andy" He shuddered.

"Oh god Theodore! I thought you were ok now." 

"No, I...can't ... I ...," he wouldn't budge from the car seat. 

"Christ sake get the fuck out of the car now!"

"You do it... please." He looked up with his big beautiful pleading eyes, fear still written all over his face, just as Andy had seen it when he found him in Soho street.

He swore sharply and snatched the bag, shoving it inside his jacket, "Out!" He pulled him by his black tight vest top that barely covered his chest.

He was cross and made sure that he understood, staring harshly at him as he got out and stood a little ashamed he had let him down.

Andy plodded on, his long legs taking bigger strides as Theo's little feet could hardly catch up with him. Along the street they came to an alley leading to a backstreet. Hobos scattered against the walls, covered with filthy blankets and stank of urine. Some of them lying down like they were dead or something, motionless under their covers, the only thing to keep the cold out in the chilly nights.

Theo looked around, holding his fist to his chest. This wasn't a usual location, they never ran into the dregs of the dark alleys or streets, it was too dangerous.

"Kind handsome man," a young lady said with a frail voice made his head whip around to see her with a bundle in her arms. She was looking up at him with her sad dark eyes, her baby sleeping in a tatty pink blanket. "Please sir, I need to feed my baby." 

He swallowed hard, the sheer distraught situation gripping his heart as he pitied her so much. 

She reached out her hand and sobbed. Theo crouched down and took it, transfixed by her deep brown anguished eyes. Andy stopped as the followers footsteps was no longer heard, turning around his eyes wide as he saw his collegue squatting in front of the girl.

"THEO!!" he screamed out, running back to him.

Suddenly the small man was pushed to the floor by an unseen force then kicked. He grunted in pain as he was then hauled up. Again he was held at knife point and he realized with his terror gripping he had seen this awful thing before.

"Let him go!" Andy panted in front of a scruffy dark haired man that looked as young as the girl. Nineteen, Twenty maybe?

"No I will not unless you have something of value, which I imagine you do looking like that walking through my territory." 

He didn't look all that tough; weedy and thin, and clearly a user from his ghostly gaunt white face and dark circles under his blue reddened eyes. Probably wasn't tough but he had a knife and that was enough to scare the shit out of them both.

"Red!" Theo whimpered as the blade caught the sunlight in the corner of his wide eyes, cold steel against his throat. It was custome to use code names in this situation.

"Frank! Don't hurt the man," the girl pleaded.

"You shut it Lillie or we won't get our junk," he spat at her. 

The guy now assumed was her boyfriend/husband of this poor woman. And father to the child.

"Look we have..." 

"...Theo no," Andy cut in as approaching the tramp with caution, raising his arms in peace.

"Look mate, we don't want any trouble just to pass through." 

"Will cost you to do so," he haggled. 

Theo looked at his friend, eyes dropped to his jacket where he had the smack hidden. 

"What do you want money?" He pulled out two Twenty notes from his wallet.

"That will do for starters," Frank snatched, "Now what about the gear?" He smirked evilly. 

"Gear what gear?" 

Theo clenched his eyes shut as Andy denied having anything drug related on him.

"The shit in your jacket?" 

Andy swallowed hard, "There's no..." He stopped to hear his partner yelp.

Frank had hold of his hair lifting up his head to reveal his slender throat. His Adam's apple bobbing rabidly in fear, blade of this small dirty pen knife pressing, leaving a dent on where it was likely to cut.

"Just give him the fucking coke!" He whimpered urgently again as the grip tightening.

"No we need this, we had to drop it to Mcgiffern..." Oops.

"...Who? Never heard of him," He was panting harder now. The look of dismay as he was lied to again.

"I'm sorry, I lied he's a new contact, a quick fix, someone who will pay double the amount."

"You Bastard Red!! You... I don't believe this," He yelled then hitched a breath as he felt the pain drill through his head. "You are telling me that. Ouch fuck," He gripped Frank's hands to try and pull them away. "JUST GIVE THEM THE FUCKIN DRUGS!" he then screamed, arousing a little crowd to gather around in entertainment.

Andy was about to pull out a bag when a shot echoed through the air.

Everything moved slowly as Theo felt his body jolt and fell forwards, the heavy body on on him.

It took him a moment to realize that someone had been shot. Blood crept under the body, pooling around him. He shrieked and pushed the limp weight off him, checking his own for wounds. 

He was fine no bullet holes in him, but Frank was lying in his own blood, the girl screamed. He fell on his knees, looking at his hands that shook frantically in front of his own eyes, bewildered and shocked by just what happened.

"FUCK!" he squealed in a high pitched whimper dragging his hair from his sweat sheened forehead with his trembling fingers. 

"I think we had better go NOW!" Andy started to run. Theo shot a look at one maybe two men running at high speed at them.

"Fuck!" He shouted again standing quickly. He looked at the girl taking her hand and smoothed it.

"Lillie? I will help you, just trust me ok."

She nodded, he smiled but the footsteps were becoming closer and then he moved and sprinted.

Both men ran as fast as they could, who was chasing them? They will never know, but they had a gun and it was them they were making a bee line for. Frank got in the way and if he hadn't held Theo hostage it could have been him laying there. 

"Here," Theo shouted as they came to a convent, pushing the heavy doors and hiding behind a monument of the Virgin Mary.

After a moment it was quiet only the men's exhausted breaths filled the big open church.

"Who the F...?" He looked up at the statue biting his curses back" 

"...Was that?" Theo finished still breathing hard, heart pounding in his chest.

"I dunno mate, but who ever they were they wanted to kill you." 

"Me?" He pointed at his chest and raised his eyebrows.

"Well you were in range," Andy shrugged.

"Well thanks for the vote of confidence Friend!" He stood and walked around feeling safe here. Now he looked around to taking in the tranquil surroundings.

"Why here?" Andy now did the same, looking at the portrait of Christ in the far wall.

"I thought we could play nuns and novices, what do you think!" He raked his hands through his hair again, trying to compose himself. "It's safe here, no one will come looking or fire guns in a religious place." 

He sat heavily at a pew and evaluated the situation, then remembering what Andy had said when he was held hostage earlier.

"Andy what did you mean you lied, who is this Mc...?" 

"...Mcgiffern?" 

"Yeah" 

"Oh I'm sorry, he wanted smack for more than we asked for, I thought why not?" 

"Breaking the rules?" He cut in, "Idiot, what if it was him shooting at us." 

"No, couldn't be him..." He looked sheepish.

"You are a lair Andrew, you knew how dangerous this was, and you ... I don't believe this" He bumped down his head on the back of the seat in front.

"Sorry I ..." 

"...No you didn't, didn't think yet again" He stood and strutted around in a large circle, stopping to stare at him.

"I didn't think it would do any harm ... just a one off."

"...So we go and meet this whoever, he shoots us and gets the Gear. Nice one Andrew! and I trusted you, Calvin trusted you in care of me," He turned away. 

A warm hand leant on his shoulder, a sharp intake of breath heard as he rested his head on his back.

"...Did you do this before Andy?" The light trembles of his sobs quivered against the mans cheek through his back.

He turned shrugging off the affection, facing the man with tears evidently rolling down his cheeks.

"Did you?"

Andy opened his mouth to speak but dropped his head. Theo nodded angrily as he knew it so.

"Where are you going?" The tall man asked with a hitch in his breath.

He turned sharply. "To bring that poor girl here; to give her and her baby a better life."

Andy just stood alone, lips formed a smile and his heart did too. Theo had showed courage, maturity as well as caring.

"No they might be still out there, you'll get..." 

"...Then at least I would die doing good, I will go to heaven, not hell."

'Shit I'm falling for him' Andy sighed.

Luckily the place they left Lillie was desolate, guessing the police, paramedics had come and gone, the others keeping low to avoid witnessing what they just saw.

She was huddled in an open door of a derelict shop, crying and holding her baby close. 

His voice spoke out, as did his hand "Lillie, come with me." 

Her eyes met his, reading his. Feeling so awful at her loss, but glad in a way as small bruise on her left eye indicated Frank was perhaps a violent man. 

"Why?" she utters, not able to glance away from him. 

"I told you I would help you and I will. No questions, please just come, come with. You will be safe I promise." 

Andy stood a few yards away arms folded, looking like he was about to burst into tears himself. He nooded to comfirm as she looked at him then back to Theo. 

"We have to go now, I think I'm in danger, and I was the one..." His voice broke, " they may still be about." 

"Ok, she smiles. 

Theo helped her up gently, the child still sleeps. She follows the two men safely to the location, it was still so quiet. Too quiet, still terrified, that these men could still be out there. 

He walked proudly along the street for once feeling worthy of his existence on this earth. Over the last few days he had felt so low and inadequate, worthless.

The girl, Lillie had been taken in by Sister Anna, who took pity on this poor girl and her daughter that must only be three months old, who she had named Hope, believing she could live through this horrid lifestyle. It was a miracle this baby had even lasted this long in that hellhole; she must have been a doting, caring and good mother.

Theo was her archangel who had fallen from the sky; he had promised he would help her and he had. He was now feeling on top of the world and able to forget the horrors and anxieties of the last fortnight. He had done his good deed and hoped it would make up for all the sins and vices he had, dealing and using. It was new experience for him since he had entered that convent, like a door had been opened with a bright light on the other side of it. Everything was so clear, so wonderful, and a new hope had dawned on him.

"Well, I'd say you have a lot to be happy for," Andy said walking beside him watching the smile flatten on his lips.

"Yes I do," He beamed.

"Was a great thing you did; you're a real saviour." 

"Ahh shut up," He blushed, "Anyone would have done the same, seeing that poor baby with only a future in drug abuse." He took a moment to examine his own life.

Thank God he had rescued the poor girl from being like him. He too was once homeless, broke, but he didn't really rely on drugs. He had a little to dull the pain but he wasn't an addict, at least not yet! He became solemn and his friend recognized the change in his mood.

"Hey what's up? You should be so proud of yourself," He stopped him in the street and looked down at him.
