 Tossing and turning, plumping up the pillows the frustrated groan filled the room as he couldn't sleep. The cold place beside empty as is lover was not with him tonight, he was miles away and he missed him so much. He wasn't used to sleeping alone, in fact he couldn't remember the last he slept on his own, Cal was always by his side.

It was dark, eerie, and scary, but Andy was only a few metres away and so he pulled off the covers and pattered his bare feet on the wood to the narrow corridor and stopped by the door.

"Andy," he knocked lightly. There was no reply so he slowly opened the door, standing in the dark in just his silk black boxers. "Andrew," he whispered louder.

The sound of rustling caught his ears, then a long hiss as he breathed through his nose.

"What's up?" He said sleepily.

"I don't want to be alone tonight, sleep with me?"

The music rang in his ears of Theo's plea. Tempted that he could just shoot out of bed straight away and jump in with him, but he didn't want to seem too eager. 

"I'm only here you're not alone." 

"I know but, Calvin is not here and it feels cold without him next to me," he shivered and crossed his arms. "Please! Just sleep," voice sounded desperate, what could Andy do but grin widely, not able to be seen in the dark.

"Ok get into bed I'll be there in a moment." The sound of sheets uncovered as he got out of bed.

Walking back into his room, the moonlight illuminating through the curtains, as his frame formed a silhouette dropped on the bed.

The bathroom door opened as Andy had finished using it; his heavy footsteps followed in and entered the room. His breathing a little heavy as he felt the body slip next to him.

Theo smiled in comfort, turning to face away, letting a good safe distance between them.

He gave a little contented hum as he felt the breath on his neck. "Thanks," He whispered closing his eyes, yet he was still shivering and not with the cold.

After a few moments Andy spoke, his voice clear as the silence filled the room, the bed vibrated a little.

"You are shivering, Are you cold?" 

"Yeah come closer if you like," a loud thud of his heart burst in his ears as he felt the body shift back. 

His cool back pressed against him, having to pull away his hips or would be prodded by an unexpected erection. Theo sighed again, but this was too much and Andy couldn't control himself.

"Hold me," Theo murmured, lightly.

That last boundary crumbled as he wrapped his arms around his torso; his own quavers uncontrollable and his full hardness engorge, throb with touching his soft skin.

His fingers skittered over his chest, caressing him up and down side to side until he accidently found the hard peaks of his nipples and brushed them gently.

Breath hitched, it felt good now he was hard unable to deal with inevitable situation that both of them was horny as hell.

Another short sharp intake of a gasp and Theo withered his body with the touch, showing him he was enjoying the fingertips embracing him.

Andy knew and smiled, trailing over the curves of his shoulder, side, waist and hip, and when he let out a moan his cock twitched.

The air was thick with the musky scent. Theo rolled on his back, the face close as the warm breeze brushed his.

As he cupped the back of his head he then coaxed him lower, he briefly and raggedly brushed his lips with his, causing Andy to let out a low mumble and part his effortlessly.

Slowly and sensually he kissed his friend lightly, until he pushed him down in force and the fall flow of a snog engulfed him. Oh his lips softer than he imagined. 

The two bodies moved as they kissed fiercely, Theo moaning as he swapped sides to take another angle, folding his lips fully over his, his tongue exploding.

In Andy's surprise he swiftly mounted him, the slender body lay parallel to his, rubbing his hard aching dick under silk and cotton. 

"Oh Fuck Theo," Andrew panted as his arms were gently pushed over his head the nails raked down his triceps to his armpits. Clearly passionate, and was ravishing Andy's neck with impatience pecks, grinding the hard lengths together, tilting his head back and groaning loudly when Andy's response was to buck his hips up to get more. 

"Jesus Theo, you are so...Hmmmmmf you drive me crazy," he growled and grazed his fingers down his spine, he arched and moaned again. 

His wrists grasped in the small hands and pinned down again. This made Andrew curious on whom in Cal and Theo's sex play was actually on the receiving end. As much as he liked him to fuck him, it was something that made him nervous.

The full blossomed lips found his shoulders and peck lightly again, he wished it wasn't so dark as he wanted to see every pleasured expression on his face, to see his eyes squeezed tight and mouth open as he touched him and made the little sexy man scream.

He didn't want to break the moment to turn on the lamp, and the body on top to move as he was enjoying finally having him. 

His hands moved over every inch of him, something he had wanted for so long. 

Lower he delved and ran his palm under the shorts and clasped his firm buttocks, pushing more of the damp material that was in the way off. Cupping his balls and up the length and squeezed Theo's rock hard pole. Maddening him more to frenzy as he let out a tiny whimper.

In one movement Theo hoisted and removed the underwear, now his leaking head rubbed over Andy's stomach leaving a wet trail as he moved. The swollen lips grazed his nipples, and then licked delicately; Andy uttered his name, feeling the heightened desire consume him. 

Grinning and grabbed him, pushing him to the side and rolled on him, now he was in charge.

"Hmm, bet it's you that get's impaled?" Wanting to be delicate about asking who was the one who was submissive, sneaking it in as dirty play talk. 

"Yes... yes, fuck me Andy," he struggled under the firm grip.

"Mmmmmm say that again." Pulling out his own cock from the confines of his own shorts.

"Fuc... ah... ah yes Fuck me Andy," he grunted, the tip of Andy's pre-cumed soaked tip already prodding him and greasing his hole. 

The hand moved and now his fist closed around the soft curls pulling until Theo whimpered.

"SAY IT AGAIN," he ordered.

"Ow... argh! Fuck me," he cried the force started to hurt, fingers tingling with lack of supply.

The other hand now hovered, stroked gently over his neck and then cupped his chin, the lips pressed hard almost biting. It almost was a threatened strangulation; and he was starting to feel a little anxious as the palms lowered to his throat. But he liked it and Cal could never fulfil this. Was his fantasy, to be treated roughly? He withered and moaned, Andy's cock pressing against his entrance.

"Oh god I have waited so long for you to beg me to have you, touch you."

Nipping his neck then took his small dark nipples in his mouth and sucked, licked then bit, his hands still grapping his throat, and hair, dangerously close to thrusting into him, hard and slow, making him beg for more as he fucked him endlessly. 

"Like it rough do you?" He grinned hearing the tiny whimpers in the power of the restrain. "Hmm that's good. Yes you're a hot piece of ass and I have been dying to fuck you. You are a tease. Don't you think I don't know that you flirt with me, subtly and you know how much I fancy you?" 

Those words shot through him it was a horrible recollection spoken before, but then he cried out as Andy grabbed his thighs and pulled to split open his legs, shoving hard and slid into him roughly.

Theo now screamed out, gripping Andy's shoulders as the he fucked him wildly. 

He moved his hand and enclosed his fist around Theo's cock rubbing hard and grunting with each push.

He twisted and pulled the headboard almost off the bed as he moaned, jolting up with in rhythm of Andy's thrusts. 

"Come for me Theo," he uttered in his ear breathlessly, "I want to hear, I want to touch you I want to fuck you and I cum in that pretty mouth."

"Touch me!" he whispered all so softly. 

It was more than he could take, exploding his senses, growling more lower than he had been screaming in pleasure, his hot fluid spilled over the hand, shaking as Andy made him climax.

"Mmmm" Andy rumbled in his throat, pulling out of him then straddling his chest, poking between his lips. "Suck me off," He demanded pushing them apart with the prods then the hot moist mouth took him all, down to his throat.

He pushed in more, Theo was almost gagging, muffled cries and tears rolled down the sides, then his mouth filled with hot thick cum, swallowing him all. Andy tilted back his head and roared. 

A quiet moment had passed, throwing the covers back over them panting still, the smell of sweaty bodies and cum dense in the room.

'What have we done?' Andy Thought as he stroked the curls softly that tickled his chest, Theo resting on him and read is mind 

"Cal shall never know about this ok?" He uttered lazily.

Andy nodded as he caressed his shoulder; he was sleeping now, sighing and smiling at him, protecting him in his arms, lightly kissing his cheek, before closing his own eyes. 

* * * 

Cal went up to the room, looking at his watch that told him it only just past Ten. He was weary and needed to call Theo and Andy and demand what the hell had happened.

When he had a moment in the guest suit he dialled the home phone number, but it was engaged. This raised his fears more, or maybe it just could be that his absent minded boyfriend had just hadn't put it on the hook properly.

He then began to speed dial Andy, nothing just voice mail, then Theo's cell phone; again voice mail. He grumbled that he always forgets to charge up his phone, nagging at him endlessly about it most of the time. He bet he did that before the run-in with Kenneth. The battery dead, so he couldn't reach him in that dire need. He sighed deeply and dropped on the bed, speed dialling Theo again.

"Baby it's me, charge your bloody phone or turn it on will ya! Look it's urgent. Listen what is this about the police? Andy! Has he told you anything about Mr Lorenzo, call me back love, I miss the sound of your voice, please!" His last words became soft and loving. "I love you, I hope you are ok." 

He then hung up and laid back; scrubbing his face with his hands he had no other way out, and feared he was already in a police cell.

In his office Alister had a chance to catch up on his calls. He received a few and one that he needed to deal with urgently, picking up the phone and called back who he needed to talk to. As he answered the loud music and cheers boomed in his ears, taking the ear peace away.

"Shut that fucking Door!" He barked.

"Sorry Boss" The man on the other side apologized, doing so to block out the noise and hear the call.

"Have you sorted out what you will have to do? You make sure he is alone, I have instructed so, so it doesn't look suspicious." His tone was sharp and firm. 

"All plans going ahead Boss, we are going to wait until he has left the building, maybe wait a while then I will send my men in." 

"Good, bring him here in one piece, I know you can get a little carried away at times, so just knock him out yes?" 

"Yes Boss," sounding disappointed. "But what if the Law has gotten to him already?" 

"I have sorted that out, made a call, leading them off the scent; they will be raiding a building in Islington by now" He smiled.

"Wouldn't it be easy just to waste him?" He couldn't resist his evil intentions. "We could just shoot him, quick easy and done!" 

"NO! It has failed before, and caused uproar with the law. I have already negotiated with them by tipping off Brown!" He lifted up the glass and brushed it against his lips.

"Sure Boss, plans is in check." 

"Good, I will call and signal when it is right and it may need a more little time. If he has decided to comply then we will not need the trouble of kidnapping his associate." He pressed end call and leaned back in the chair, all was going his way, as long as his employee doesn't mess it up.

On the recipients end he gathered his assistances.

"What are we to do Boss? Are we carrying out Lorenzo's Instructions?" The bulky tall man stood by the desk as the man in authority practically threw down the phone.

"Fuck he thinks he is?" He spat, jaw clenched in anger. "I think it is better all round if I took care of him my way." 

"What would that be?" The other man said who wasn't the brightest crayon in the pack. 

He glared at him, "do him in, but I have an idea," he pointed upwards. "If we can get Mcgiffern to do it, then that pompous fuck! Won't suspect it was me, he already had instruction from the Boss to bring them there and. Exterminate." 

* * * 

Narration 

Skip if you have worked it out - read if not 

Ok now time to explain a little from this.

Mcgiffern was a notorious bounty hunter; made sure that all the less cooperative or unpunctual clients that cross the Path of Mr Lorenzo, were seen to so to speak.

He seeks them out and hits them with a sniper gun. You don't know when you have been targeted, you hear nothing then you are stone cold dead with any one around left wondering were the gunman came from.

Recently he was instructed to carry out this call of duty, but failing, something he never did, until there was an obstacle, using his pistol was something he rarely did.

Lorenzo wriggled out of it as the police got involved, tipping them off about Eddy Brown, who had received a packaged on that very day. - Hint!

Have you grasped it yet? Well more will tell through-out this story.

* * *

The morning sun like a flood light gleamed through the gap in the curtains.

Theo turned and reached out his arm, the other covering his eyes from the glare, seeking the body that was next to him through-out the night. But as he opened his eyes he saw an empty space.

'Was that a dream?' He asked himself rubbing his throbbing head; he knew that getting drunk wasn't as the hangover kicked in well and truly. He groaned and sat up, feeling bare he looked down, yes he was naked! But did he and Andy..?

"Shit" He cursed, taking in the familiar scent from his body and sheets that reeked of male fluids and Andy's cologne.

He shot up and furiously and started to strip the bed, putting the pile in the laundry basket near the door in the bathroom, shutting the lid. 'Calvin would never know,' he kept saying to himself, or I could say I spilt a drink over the covers, yes that's a good one." 

He sighed deeply then frowned, finding his shorts and slipping them over his hips, then heading to see where his over-nighter had gone.

"Andy?!" He called as he found the entire flat empty and quiet; if Andy was here there was no doubts he would be frying breakfast. 

He went to the table where he found a note, picking it up him read it out loud.

"Theo. 

I'm sorry I have to dash off, I need to sort the accounts for the restaurant and Sarah is off sick.

I promise I will be back as soon as I can. I have brewed some coffee for you as I know how you like my coffee. Andy 

P.S. Was a great night thanks! 

"Great" He huffed, throwing down the paper, feeling totally lost now.

Looking over he saw the cafetiere and one single cup, smiling and shaking his head as he poured himself a drink.

* * * 

He woke up a little disorientated on where the hell he was, patting the side of his bed where he had missed his man, aching to see him, touch him and kiss him again.

Reaching for his phone that he had left on all night in the hope his friends would get in contact. Looking at the blank screen. Sighing deeply he got up dressing before he wondered down to breakfast as Alister told him before he retired.

He sat at the table, coffee, tea, juice croissants and toast, a section of jams and marmalades laid on a massive silver tray. To be honest he wasn't at all that hungry, feeling a little distressed at this whole thing, his stomach knotted his heart ached, and mood very low.

The dashing proprietor came into the room, fresh in a new suit jacket, black trousers, and a smart white shirt.

"Good Morning I trust you slept well?" Grinned seating down and pouring out the cup of black coffee.

"Not really." Cal's eyes felt heavy as he spend most of the night thinking, restless, feeling something was terribly wrong with this whole thing. 

"I didn't want you to loose sleep over this," he looked in sympathy and genuinely surprising in a good mood, as his tone was a lot friendlier.

"Well it did." On the other hand Cal was the complete opposite.

"Oh, well you needn't worry about Theodore, he is ok," he looked up, "For now! I took the liberty to take the weight off you and give you a little more time to think, see how you feel, and in the mean time get a chance to shift the goods yourself," he crossed his fingers and lent his chin on his hands.

"Thank you Alister," now smiling, feeling guilty for his grumpiness and slightly relived as he had been banging his head against the wall with worry all night. 

"Pleasure. Now I have asked Mr Steel to take to back to London after breakfast, least I can do for making your driver wait so long before sending him back. Don't worry he was paid generously for his time. I will call you in say... a fortnight ok?" 

"That's fine by me."

Relieve washed over him like cool soothing waterfall, as he will soon return to his lover in a few hours and catch up with all that has been going on, and also give Andy a piece of his mind.

He now found his appetite and tucked into the toast, mind at ease knowing there was no pressure and he would decline his offer, having time to sort out his problem with the stash, after a very close call. Maybe leave a little wiser and tread carefully in future.

Someone burst through the door and Theo jumped, making a little noise of surprise, half expecting the police or someone else to be standing in front of him as he shot around at the sound. But when he saw the big, bright dark eyes, and the wide warm smile on the face of the man he loved, he opened his arms wide. The man ran up to him at great speed, taking him in his arms, and held him so tightly he thought he would squeeze all the air out of him. 

"Oh god I have missed you so much!" He mumbled into his shoulder, deeply inhaling the man's scent, his eyes squeezed together, rocking his lover slightly in the tight embrace, clinging on to him for dear life. He pulled away to arms length, still clutching on to him, and searched his face.

"Are you alright, are you hurt?" He asked in concern. 

"I am fine, just fine." He let his fingers stroke his forearms.

"You... what was this entanglement with the police?" 

"Oh?" Theo averted his eyes and looked at the floor. He felt his long fingers on his chin, tilting his chin up to meet the big beautiful almond eyes.

"It's a long story," he finally muttered as Cal searched for an answer.

Slowly he moved away and sat down hard on the chair, trying to figure out how to tell his lover he was on the run.

"I don't really know what happened. We were on our way to drop some stuff off, "he paused and looked up again, those eyes still staring hard at him. "We got caught up with some homeless in some dodgy backstreet and..." 

"...Wait! The fuck were you doing in slumming city? You know we never ever go near them."

"Andy, he..." 

"...Yes Andy," slapping his thigh and straightened up quickly. "I have a fair few things to say to our friend Andrew-Robert-Standley," he growled, making Theo freeze as he thought he had found out what they had done, but he continued with his rant. "Did you know that piece of shit was working for the man I just had a meeting with? Months and he didn't even have the decency to tell us."

Dropping his eyes again, Theo folded his lips in a thin line.
