 8

The next few days were spent busily removing the contraband from their spare room. Both men were on edge, twitching at every sound. They were paranoid that they were going to get raided at any moment, but Alister had said they were ok for the time being, and Cal believed him. He had given him two weeks to think about his offer, but he'd already decided on his answer. No.

In that time they played it safe, getting rid of their stock until things died down. They had money still in their accounts to get them by for the moment, and just in case, they took on a few extra shifts at the Swan Inn. 

Andy stayed at a distance after the argument they'd had. Just calling with information about who wanted what gear and where, and of course, he drove with them to the drops, but other than that he stayed back, keeping things just purely business. 

Stopping off at the shop, Calvin wanted to grab some cigarettes leaving the two alone in the car whilst he got some, asking if they needed anything while he was there.

"Grab me a bottle of Pepsi, please," Theo asked politely.

"Red?" Cal asked the tall man sitting in the driver's seat, almost bluntly as he still was pissed off with him. 

"Na, I'm alright, cheers." Andy barely looked at him.

"Won't be a tic, I'm I sure I can trust you two?" He narrowed his eyes at the red-head, who blushed.

"Of course, what mischief can we get up to in a car?" Theo replied. 

Cal made a sound of uncertainty as he closed the car door. Once he had disappeared through the sliding ones of the Spar shop Andy cleared his throat to speak. "You ain't told him then?" He said from the side of his mouth.

"Of course I haven't, what do you take me for?" He growled lowly.

"Pretty sure you didn't do it to spite him then?" 

"No. Look what we did was a mistake, a bloody stupid mistake." 

"Thanks a lot and here's me thinking you cared." 

"I do! It's just difficult. What do you reckon he'd do if he knew, huh? You saw how furious he was when he got back, about our tangle with the police. He'll break your neck." 

"Takes two to tango Theo!" Andy said brashly. "And if I wasn't mistaken, you took the lead." 

Theo sighed and leaned back against the back seat. "I'm sorry if I led you on, it was just, I was..." 

"...Lonely? Yes I know and I was your substitute shag." 

"Don't say it like that, Andy." 

He turned in the seat, the leather creaking as he twisted around to look at him. "I'm lonely, and to me you were a damn good remedy. I do actually give a damn about you and it hurts me to know..." He trailed off, turning back to look through the windscreen, eyes following a young lady struggling with her screaming child across the road.

"...What, that I'm with Calv, and not you? I've seen how you look at me; how you gawp like you want to strip me where I stand. You were touching me more often, then all the bloody time and now you've had me, there! So now you can stop fantasizing." 

"You can be a real bastard sometimes," Andy clicked disapprovingly. "You never used to be, what's changed you?" He sounded hurt now.

"I have to be, remember what you said? 'Toughen up Theodore, be a man.' Well I am now, after you got me raped and almost shot. It's only thing I can do to close out the pain."

Andy tapped on the steering wheel, looking to the direction of the shop. He had nothing more to say, but Theo was right. He had said that, and because of it he had grown harder, and probably bitterer too.

"I'm sorry," he breathed, dropping his head. "I wish I could turn back time, I wish I'd never made you do that drop or got involve you with the...," he stopped, realizing what he had just said, and closed his eyes, inwardly kicking himself.

Lucky for him, Theo didn't grasp anything. "No its ok, I'm sorry for being a prick." He leaned forward between the front seats, trying to catch Andy's eyes staring until the blue ones locked with his. Andy was moving forward by instinct, his heart hammering in his chest as he captured the beautiful green spheres. 

"Theo... I..." 

The door opened and he shot back. Andy coughed and started the engine as Cal slid into the car. He sat back, looking curiously at the two, and handed his boyfriend the bottle of pop, switching a glance between them as he slowly fastened his belt.

"What are you two plotting now?" He asked cynically.

"Nothing," Theo jumped in.

"I was just going to apologizing for how I behaved," Andy started. "I have been out of order and I still value our friendship." He caught the dark glare in the rear view mirror. "I really don't want us to fall out, so please accept my apology and come to dinner at the restaurant tonight, on me. I'll even throw in a bottle of our best champagne." 

"What you reckon Babe, you think he really means it?" Almost teasing.

"Yeah, I forgive him." He grinned, but Andy furrowed a brow at him through the mirror.

"Ok, then we accept." Cal smiled, feeding a hand between the two front seats and receiving a firm handshake.

"Good."

"But no more fuck ups you hear?" 

"Sure, I cross my heart and hope to die."

They hurried to Camden to drop off some gear to Betsy Kershaw, a trusted customer who had told them she would take some more off their hands to sell to her closest friends.

"Ah bookies," Andy chimed as he stopped outside Baker Street.

"God no" 

"Won't be long, got a good tip on the gee gees." 

"Oh that's it, we will have to set up camp now," Calvin joked, sparking up a fag and offering one to his boyfriend.

"Yep." Theo felt an arm wrap around him, pulling him close. It was nice that they were back to normal, and having fantastic sex every night, or whenever they had a chance.

"So dinner tonight, if he ever gets out of there?" 

"Sounds nice," kissed his cheek, sneaking his hands over Cal's thigh causing him to almost choke. 

He rubbed upwards, a kinky glint in his eye, finding a clad bulge and squeezing tightly. Cal hissed and dropped his head back, letting him touch more. Chucking the cigarette butt out of the window and taking Theo's from his two fingers, he dragged it to the end and repeated the process. Now cupping his face between his hands he licked over his full lips. Moaning, rubbing harder, and letting his lips part to let him in and kiss fully. Both men were fondling each other and practically fucking on the back seat of the car.

They were getting carried away with each other, hands raking over, passionate pants and moans filling the air, until a knock on the window startled them and they vaulted up a little flushed.

"Oi, no fucking in my car." Andy bent down, a stern but light hearted look in his eyes. "Just got the interior cleaned."

"Sorry," the flushed cheeks smirked as Andy got into the driving seat, wiping his mouth from drool, feeling hot and not just because it was about 25 degrees today, but thinking about his business partner on his back naked.

"Better take you home if you can't keep your hands off each other."

He started the engine and gazed into space for a moment, the memory of hearing his pleasured cries, his scent, and his body writhing under him, his pleas and moans as he came. He breathed out hard and fidgeted to control his now swollen cock.

He could smell him in the seat behind. This stifling day his sweat mingled with his cologne, recapturing his aroma from that night he rammed him hard.

'Oh god I really want you and I will...' He grinned inwardly as he drove them back home.

A few more days passed and it was drawing near to the time when Calv would have to tell Lorenzo that he had to decline his offer. And what was the deal with Theo? He had said, in a manner of speaking that he was involved. Was he in with Andy too? He didn't know so he wanted to call a meeting and talk about what was going on, and to finally tell the two what Lorenzo wanted. Theo had been asking but he had been avoiding the question, telling him that he was to call at the end of the week to get more details. 

He was busy in the kitchen that Saturday. It was late afternoon and he was making his special lasagne that Cal loved. He liked it when his man was enthusiastic about cooking; when he was in the mood he made the best lasagne ever. Andy had even asked if he could make some for the restaurant, but it was a little too much pressure for him as he only liked cooking in the comfort of his own home and for the man he loved dearly. 

Andy turned up with a bottle of wine and put it on the table as he walked in, inhaling the delicious aroma of the food and tapping Theo's shoulder so he could look at what he was doing.

"You have to do this again," he grinned standing a little too close and causing Cal to clear his throat as he came in from having a shower, dressed in his white shirt and blue jeans.

"Hi, brought some wine," handing a paper wrapped bottle to the host.

"Great, though we have plenty." He accepted it then popped on the table before binding up his wet tangled hair and sat down.

Taking three glasses from the cupboard and set them at the dining room table, uncorking the wine and pouring it out. He took one and brought it over to the cook, who smiled in thanks.

"For the chef," he said as he gazed into his eyes. The smiled dropped and he averted his eyes.

"Here," He handed one to Cal and finally took one for himself, sitting on the cream butter sofa and nodding his head to the music.

"Won't be long," Theo called, almost burning his fingers on the dish as he took it out of the oven to check. He then put the bowel of salad he was preparing and some bread on the table, already laid for dinner, and skipped back to the kitchen to clean up. Andy followed him out of the corner of his eye, studying his backside in the tight pair of black shorts.

"What you think?" Calvin asked, bringing him back and almost stopping his heart as he thought he was rumbled.

"Huh?" He turned, seeing he was holding a CD case in his hands and waving it at him.

"Oh yeah, not bad." He pretended to sound interested, but really he hadn't been listening at all.

"Yeah, heard them the other day on the radio, thought they were kinda catchy."

Andy looked at the cover but flicked his eyes away again as the Theo sat next to his man, glass of red wine in his hand. His white vest top clung to his chest, showing every curve of his body, defining the muscles of his golden sun-kissed arms and shoulders.

"You've been working out?" He observed.

He grinned inanely. "Maybe a little."

"Yeah, he's turned our back yard into a Gym, catching a little sun in the process," Cal rolled his eyes. 

"So what's this meeting about?" Andy changed the subject, putting the case to the side.

"Dinner first, ok?" 

This could be difficult. Theo would probably flip out at the thought of him leaving him, but he wasn't going to, he was certain of that! And the business was going to be ok. But what if Lorenzo took it badly? What if he wouldn't take no for an answer? He could still have the police raid them, and although they would now find nothing, they still were in danger of it happening in the future when they had their stock back. And Theo the connection with the shooting and drug deal. No, he had to approach Andy and see if he could take over the hiding of the stash. 

They sat around the table and finished the meal, Andy as usual having his second large portion. "This is just too good," muffled with his mouth full, maybe a little over the top.

Theo just sat with his hands under the table, looking innocent and smiled. "Thanks, its nothing really, a simple meal." 

Calvin was sat deep in thought, trying to figure out a way of approaching this conversation. "Ok guys, I think I should tell you what has been going on."

He suddenly broke the silence, placing his cutlery neatly together on the empty plate and wiping off the remaining crumbs from his bristles with a napkin. The two other men raised their head in interest, staring at him, waiting.

"I expect you have been wondering why Mr Lorenzo asked to see me." He began rubbing his hands together nervously. "Well, he told me that our business could do a lot better and that we would be protected by the law or otherwise. A tempting offer I must say but....," he looked at Theo who was creasing his thick brows. "...He asked me to work with him." He felt the eyes burn him again as he knew this would upset the one who was glaring at him.

"We work for him? I dunno sounds..."

"...No Theo just me"

"No!" he squealed, "What about Andy, me?" 

"I already do, and you know that now, that's why I couldn't tell you. He told me Vin would be a great asset to the business, that he was a good man for the job."

"Thanks a lot guys," he sulked.

"Look I'm not going to take it love," stroking his arm. "He gave me two weeks and a chance to get rid of the gear as he knew the police were on to us. He said if I signed the contract he would shift it for us, but we managed it ourselves didn't we, huh?" 

"I still want to know how he knew all this."

Cal looked at Andy accusingly.

"Hey, I never told anyone nothing! and anyway, Theo was with me the whole time so how could I have called without him seeing?" 

"You were alone whilst I took a shower, whilst you went out sort the car," glaring resolutely at him.

"Jesus guys, do you not have faith in me at all?" 

"No Red. It's all too fucking convenient that the same guy that requested the drugs was a hit man. And that the law got a tip off from someone, most likely McGiffern," he stopped the growled. "Who told Mcgiffern about us?" He brushed his whiskers, pondering to himself and trying to put the jigsaw together.

"Mr Lorenzo, Calv...?" Theo guessed, seeming to be spot on as he knew all about the deal with the police.

"Why would he, unless he was trying to... Oh god!" He stood up and paced the room, turning to his beloved who gazed back worriedly. "That's how he sorted it, that's why he tipped someone else to the police, someone who had recently had possession of coke. Eddy Brown was a target, oh nice one Andy why him?" 

"Blackmail?" Theo whispered in some kind of trance.

"Something like that, yeah." 

Andy sat quietly, a little too quietly. His pulse raced, his heart thundering in his head, face flushed almost crimson as he knew they were about unleash something, and if they did then he would dead.

"Why would he try to kill me or Andy...or get us locked up?" Theo looked up as fear washed over.

"He is sent to murder uncooperative dealers," Andy then spoke up, rather coldly.

Theo's breath hitched at this word, 'Murder'.

"But he hasn't done anything to anyone to get hunted, they only go for the ones who have crossed a superior or not paid their dues." Cal was pointing and getting frustrated, mined swirling with questions and possible links on who would want his lover out of the way. He didn't have the heart to tell him what he had worked out, knowing he would be a complete wreck.

"How have we have crossed anyone to get us targeted huh? Oh my god," Theo's eyes wide and now starting to tremble, clasping his hands over his mouth.

"What angel?" 

"Club... C....," he was hyperventilating; his body teetered as he struggled to get his words out.

"What?" Cal rubbed his back to calm him.

"Noir-Kenneth... oh-no." He couldn't breathe now and Calvin rushed to get him some water, telling him to breathe slowly and empty his mind of the fears that had gripped him so hard as to cause this.

"How could he be involved? No, not by a long shot unless..." He now looked back to Andy.

He was cursing now; he had to do something to distract them from discovering anything more. He stood and moved towards the two men. Cal looked up as his red-faced friend towered over him.

Theo was breathing hard, like a frightened rabbit, trembling and staring at an invisible spot on the wall.

"Andy, the truth! We want the truth right now!" He barked and stood up tall.

"Ok you want the truth?" He clenched his jaw. "Theodore didn't we agree no more secrets, no more lies? Well I think we had better tell your boyfriend! What we did," an evil glint flashed in his eyes, something which they had never seen before, and actually found it quite unnerving. 

"What ya mean?" Cal furrowed a brow, and Theo suddenly looked up, shaking his head. 'No Andy don't!' 

"That we fucked!" His words spat out like venom and the room fell into a deadly silence.

Theo closed his eyes and dropped his head. Shit!!

Cal froze and shook his head. "You're lying. Why would he ever want to even touch a repulsive, lying scumbag like you?"

"He was all over me, lonely cos you weren't there when he needed you." 

"It was you that sent me to Lorenzo's. You dragged him out to get this job done, you who almost got him killed. Was 'you' that probably assisted his assault in some sick way, getting kicks out of it?" 

"How could you say that?" 

"Because you," He poked his chest hard, "are always near him, watching him, undressing him with your eyes. You, you think I hadn't noticed, huh? You know what? If it is true then I bet you fucking did what that Kermit did to him," he seethed through his teeth. "I bet you arranged that meeting just so you could have him to yourself."

Andy raised his fist but Theo jumped up blocking him by standing in front of the six-foot-tall man and stared straight into Cal's the angry eyes. "It's true," he croaked and dropped his head "I'm sorry, I led him on, it's entirely my fault." 

Cal's mouth flapped without words. He shook his head slowly, and tears formed in his eyes. "No, why, how could you?" He switched glances between the two men, turning around and heading for the door, grabbing his keys and phone off the side and shoving them into his back pocket.

"Wait, where are you going?" His man ran after him only to be pushed away cruelly.

"Just... I need to clear my head. I can't deal with this right now," waving his hands frantically.

"Please! I'm sorry!" Theo whined, grabbing his arm to pull him back, but again Cal tugged it away, and when he released his grip, he made a beeline to grab him again, crying and pleading with him not to go. With one violent rejected shove he was knocked to the floor and the door slammed shut.

Persisting Theo climbed to his feet, going for the handle but a force behind him held him and lifted him up. His feet left the floor as Andy dragged him away and threw him on the sofa. His body lightly bounced as he hit the cushions with a grunt, immediately moving again towards the door, but again Andy grabbed him tightly. 

Now he was trapped, panting and thrashing about, gritting his teeth. "LET ME GO!" He shouted but Andy had him firm under his strong arms, wrapping tightly around his chest, an unmistakable hard lump bumping into him. 

Andy was getting turned on by his fighting body wriggling against him. "Leave it, let him go," he panted, gripping him tighter strong enough to prevent him from getting free. 

"No!! Why did you have to go and tell him you bastard?!" 

"Because, he needed to know, he needed to see what a slut you are," he growled lustfully in his ear, grinding his erection over his backside. Theo shuddered, eyes widened as he thought of what he might do next. 

Andy was unpredictable, and was probably capable of anything, even that! He was a passive aggressive, a little insane at times, and a deviant, with malevolence. Finally he quietened down, not wanting to encourage his urges by being restrained.

"Good boy you know its best not to fight me," Andy crooned and kissed his cheek.

Theo subtly approached him in a different way. "Andy, you can let me go now?" He asked calmly, with a light giggle. "Andy please, I can't breathe, you don't want to harm me do you?" 

The grip loosened and he managed to slip away, nursing where Andy had hurt him and squeezed him, still breathing hard, staring up through his curtain of curls. "Why? You just couldn't leave it, could you?"
