 AUTHORS NOTE: This is a story about bisexual encounters including a pretty gay.

*****

A SURPRISE DISCOVERY

Bert Jennings arrived home much earlier than normal as he had a black tie affair to attend later that Friday evening. Upon entering his modest three-bedroom house, he headed upstairs to shower, shave and put on his tuxedo. Reaching the top of the stairway he heard voices coming from his son's bedroom.

"You like that don't you Carli. You like my big cock stuffed up your ass."

That was the unmistakable voice of his son Bradley. Apparently he had brought a girlfriend home and they were having sex in his room. Bert didn't know anyone named Carli but he hoped she would be as hot as Bonnie who had a great looking ass.

The next voice was very soft and feminine. "Oh Brad, fuck my ass, fuck me with your big cock."

Bert could not contain himself and he had to spy on his son. Brad's bedroom door was open so Bert carefully moved into position. He was fortunate as Brad and the girl were facing away from him. Peeking in the room he saw one of the most erotic sights he had ever seen. Carli was wearing a one-piece white terrycloth jumpsuit. What was special though was that it had a trap door and Carli's lovely round ass was poking through it. Upon a closer look, Bert saw that the outfit had three large buttons to fasten the trap door.

His son brad was completely naked and he was driving his impressive organ into the marvelous ass. Carli was a slender bleach blonde with an absolute incredible derriere. Bert was proud of his son for bagging such a treasure and at the same time a bit envious of him. He watched as his son continued to drill the shapely bottom as Carli encouraged him.

Bert's cock hardened from watching the scene but he did not jerk off while watching his son. Then Brad unbuttoned the top of Carli's jumpsuit and Bert was excited that he would get to see her body. Hoping to see her tits he was a bit disappointed that she was flat chested. However, with an ass like that, he was willing to look passed the tits. Brad slid the jumpsuit all the way done and off Carli's body.

It was then that Bert realized why Carli didn't have tits. It was because Carli had a cock. Carli was a guy; a very pretty, no beautiful guy but still a guy. His smaller 5" erect cock stood out from his body as Brad fucked his sweet ass. Bert was confused as Brad dated several good looking girls from college, so why did he need to fuck a guy.

"Are you close? Give me your cum."

"I'm really close. I'm going to shoot."

With that said Bert watched his son cum in a gay guy's ass. Brad pressed forward and held still as he emptied his cock in Carli's rectum. No sooner had Brad cum then Carli rolled to his back and called out to him.

"Fuck me again, fuck me until I cum.'

Carlie raised his legs much like a girl would when getting fucked missionary style. Brad eased his big thick cock back into Carli's ass and resumed fucking him. Carli masturbated while Bert fucked him and he shot gobs of semen onto his own body. Brad came again but he chose to leave his cock in Carli's ass.

At that point, Bert moved away and went to his bedroom. He showered, shaved and dressed for the evening gala. He knew that some of the sexually frustrated wives would flirt with him that evening. He normally fended off the advances but that night he was horny from seeing his son fuck a beautiful blonde gay with an incredible ass. Bert finished getting ready and then headed back down the stairs where he found his son and the blonde sitting at the kitchen table drinking beer.

"Hi dad, this is my friend Carl. We are working a school project together."

Bert noticed that Carl was now dressed in a polo shirt and slacks. He must have put the pants suit in his pack. They obviously did not know that he had seen them engaged in sex.

"Hello, Carl, it's nice to meet you."

"It's nice to meet you too Mr. Jennings."

Carl voice sounded just as feminine as it had earlier. Bert assumed that he liked to be called Carli when he was getting fucked. Carl then got up to put the empty van in the trash and Bert stared at the curvy ass in the tight tan slacks. He had never seen an ass that stuck out so far and was so shapely. He actually felt his loins stir at the sight.

"I need to get going. The reception starts in 30 minutes."

"Okay dad, enjoy the gala."

"Thank you, I'll be home late."

"Oh is it okay if Carl crashes here tonight?"

"Sure, he can sleep in the guest bedroom. It's all made up."

"Great, thanks dad."

"Yeah thanks Mr. Jennings."

"You're welcome, see you in the morning."

Bert left the house and as he did he was sure that Brad would be fucking the pretty blonde again that night. He got in his car and drove to the hotel where the gala fund raiser was being held in the Grand Ballroom.

BACKGROUND 

Bert Jennings was a very fit man of 40 years. He and his wife Deidre met in college and she got pregnant and delivered Bradley when they were both 20 years old. She had complications with child birth and was advised not to have more children. They raised Bradley together as Bert finished college and took a job with a technology company. Deidre passed away of a rare illness when Brad was 16 years old and in high school.

Upon high school graduation, Brad attended college at a satellite campus of the state university. He was a commuter student but because he lived so close to the campus he still enjoyed much of the social life. Bert had moved up the management ladder and was now a VP with a large healthcare system. He was in charge of the technology division.

At 6'2' and 185 pounds, Bert was the picture of health. He worked out religiously every morning before work and he enjoyed playing golf, tennis and he loved Alpine skiing. He had just started to date women again three years after his wife's death. He had missed Deidre very much at first. She had been a beautiful woman and a great lover. 

In the privacy of their bedroom they enjoyed their intimacy. They both loved oral sex and experimented with various positions with love making. Deidre had an absolute marvelous derriere and she eventually gave it up to her husband. Bert loved anal sex with his wife but they did not overdo it. Anal sex was special to them and they had it sparingly so as not to get bored with it.

Brad was the spitting image of his father and he was built the same. He was also well-endowed as his father and he was very popular with the girls. Brad had been dating several girls at college and one in particular, Bonnie, had a nice round ass. She was into anal sex and Brad could not get enough of her ass. Of the three girls he dated on and off, Bonnie was the only one who enjoyed anal as part of their love making.

Bert had never seen his son have sex with any of the girls but he knew that Brad was getting his share of pussy. He also knew that Brad was fucking Bonnie in her super fine bottom as he had heard her call out on occasion encouraging him to fuck her ass. Bert often checked out Bonnie when she was wearing tight shorts or slacks and he was envious of his son porking that beauty. 

Now that Bert was dating again, he would on occasion bring a woman home with him. He and his son were very discreet as they both had sex in the confines of their own bedroom. Bonnie was the only one who Bert spied on because he was dying to see his son fuck her hot ass. That's why he saw Brad fucking Carli because he thought it was Bonnie in his son's bed.

Now that Bert was passed the mourning period and starting to date again, several women at the office had come on to him. There were also a few frustrated wives who flirted with him particularly at company functions. Even a couple of doctor's wives let their intentions be known. So far Bert had deflected all those advances. However, the evening of the fund raiser gala found him more receptive mainly because of his earlier voyeurism of Brad and Carli.

There was one secret that Bert had that no one knew. No one that is except the person with whom he had sex with at the time. It was in his freshman year of college before he had met Deidre. He had actually got a blow job and fucked a cross-dressing gay. The gay was very attractive and very effeminate. Bert was spooked by the encounter for months after as the blow job had been the best ever and the gay had a great ass. It had been easy to fuck the cross-dresser as he was partially clothed and Bert never saw the gay's cock.

It had been his only bisexual encounter in his life. Seeing his son fucking a beautiful Carli brought back that memory. He still remembered the experience and he still recalled thinking that with oral and anal sex in hadn't been that different than with a girl. He was sure that his son was feeling the same way after the encounter with Carli.

THE GALA

At the gala it was the normal meet and greet at the reception, then dinner and a few speeches. After the dinner the band played a variety of songs to appease the wide range of ages. One of the Executive Secretaries, Connie was by herself. Bert learned that her husband was a weekend gold junket at Myrtle Beach with his golfing buddies. She had always been intrigued with Bert and that evening she came onto him. She convinced his to dance with her and he did several times.

Connie age 32 was a pretty brunette who was 5'6" tall with dark brown sexy eyes. She did not have large breasts, a 34 B cup, but they were firm with rock hard extended nipples when she was excited. Connie had very shapely legs that led up to a marvelous ass that was even more pronounced due to her narrow waist. Her ass was perfectly shaped as it was round and protruded out from the back of her legs. It was so desirable that guys always felt the urge touch it. 

When they were dancing to a slow song she whispered in his ear. "I would like for you to come home with me tonight."

"I don't think that's wise Connie, you're a married woman."

"Right but I know damn well that my husband and his golfing cronies are out chasing pussy in Myrtle Beach."

Bert laughed but he knew she was probably right. "It wouldn't be good to be seen leaving together. You know how rumors get started."

"Okay I'll leave first. Come to my house and I will let you put it where ever you want."

Bert got her meaning and if she meant what she said, he would love to shove his cock in her hot ass. He might not have been so vulnerable if he had not had anal sex on his mind. The timing couldn't be better with Carli staying at his house. Brad would have the opportunity to fuck his ass all night. Bert agreed and Connie gave him her address. Thirty minutes later he was in Connie's home and they were in the guest bedroom as she did not want to fuck in her bedroom.

They got right down to business and Connie undressed and sat on the side of the bed. Bert stripped off his clothes and walked toward her with his big hard dick leading the way. He looked down at her and lifted her face with his hand. She smiled at him and she marveled at his physique. She took his thick cock in her hand and ran her tongue over the head of it. Next she wrapped her mouth around it and slowly moved her head up and down taking him as deep as she could without gagging. 

She was indeed an excellent cock sucker and she soon had him on the verge of his first cum. Connie bobbed her head up and down on his cock pursing her lips together until she felt him shiver. She would remove her mouth and lick the underside of his cock and his balls driving him wild with desire. Connie sucked his balls into her mouth and tickled his perineum with her fingers. She let her hands run over his hard abs and loins which caused him to tremble as a tingling sensation ran through his body.

Bert couldn't take anymore and he pushed her back on the bed and slid between her legs. He eased his cock into her pussy and fucked her through multiple orgasms until she pleaded with him to stop and give her pussy a rest. Anxious to get her lovely ass he rolled her over on her belly. 

"Get some cream from the bathroom," she whispered in a raspy tone. 

He went to get some lotion from the bathroom. When he returned he put a generous amount of lotion on her ass and lovingly kneaded her cheeks. He complimented her on her beautiful ass. He slipped his hand between the ass cheeks and brushed her vagina. He lifted her by the hips so that her ass was elevated. He poured more lotion between the buttocks and began to probe her nether hole with his fingers. Soon he had two fingers sawing easily in and out of her ass and put two others in her pussy. She lay there with her head on the bed turned to the side and cooed as Bert simultaneously moved his fingers in and out of her rectum and vagina. He pushed down on the small of her back causing her to accentuate her lovely ass even more.

He removed his fingers from her ass and lined up the head of his cock with her pink rosebud. He eased his cock into the lubricated passage and it slid in easily all the way to the hilt. He stayed still for a second and then slowly pulled his cock out until only the head remained in her ass before he pushed all the way back in again. He slowly fucked her in the ass watching his cock slide in and out from between her gorgeous ass cheeks. He tried to prolong his ejaculation for as long as possible as he savored every moment. It had been over four years since he lasted anal sex.

Bert, unable to contain himself any longer, stiffened and pushed his cock all the way up Connie's ass. He held on to the globes of her ass as he fired a huge load of cum deep into her rectum. She could feel the warm seed fill her ass and chills ran through her body. He stayed in her ass and remained hard as she milked him with her sphincter muscle. She knew what she was doing. She was a great ass fuck. He leaned over her and they both flopped to the bed with Bert still buried in her bum. They lay still for a while and Connie realized that he was still hard in her ass. 

Bert had braced himself on his elbows to keep from crushing her delicate body. Minutes later he gradually started to fuck her ass again. This time he picked up the pace and within minutes he was pounding her ass. Connie pushed her ass up to meet his cock every time he thrust into her. The two of them established a rhythm and soon they were fucking like animals in heat. She grunted every time that he plunged his cock deep into her ass and she urged him to fuck her hard.

"Give it to me Bert. Pound it in there. Make me feel it. Yeah that's it." 

He was really caught up with pounding her ass. His cock felt like it was bigger than ever and that it would explode at any moment. Connie's thrusting of her ass up at him was driving him wild. He felt his second orgasm building and he fucked her even faster. Finally, he stiffened and shot a second load in her ass. He held himself in position as he emptied his balls in her rectum. Connie felt the warm substance enter her ass and mix with his previous cum. She hadn't felt this full since in quite some time.  

Bert rolled to his side and rolled her with him so as not to crush her with his weight. As they lay there Connie clenched and relaxed her sphincter as she massaged the softening cock. She felt him finally go totally soft and slip from her ass. Streams of cum trickled out and ran over her buttock onto the bed sheet. They cuddled up in the spoon position with his cock pressed against her ass. He put his arm around her and she snuggled close to him. Bert eventually fell asleep with Connie in his arms.

BRAD AND CARLI

Brad was thrilled that he had the house to himself that night and Carli was thrilled that he got to stay over. After Bert had left for the gala, Brad and Carli had pizza and beer for dinner. Following the meal, Brad was anxious to fuck the sweet ass again. He had never been in an ass so fine. As much as he loved Bonnie's ass, he had to admit that Carli's was nicer. In fact, it was perfect, so much so that it didn't seem real. It was like one of those perfect asses that an artist would draw.

Carli handed Brad the tube of lube. He then got on all fours as Brad prepared Carli's ass to be fucked. Brad squirted an ample amount of lube on his own cock and then knelt close behind Carli. He eased his big dick into the well-used but snug hole and Carli uttered an audible gasp. He pushed his buns up to meet Brad's penetration and the cock slid in easily. He groaned as the thick shaft filled his anal passage. Brad fucked him for what seemed to be hours, cumming in Carli's ass twice without removing his cock or going soft. Carli's ass was filled to overflowing with Brad's cum and he felt it ooze from his anus as they embraced. 

Brad had cum four times that day in the pretty blonde ass. They remained on their sides with Brad's large cock pressed against the protruding buttocks. He wished he had more left as he would love to fuck Carli all night if it were possible. They cuddled together for several minutes and then Brad told Carli to go to the other bedroom. He didn't want his dad to find the two of them in bed together. Of course they did not know that Bert had already seen them having sex. He told Carli that if his dad did not come that night, that he would come and get him in the other bedroom. Carli understood and moved to the guest bedroom. 

SATURDAY WITH CONNIE

Bert woke up first Saturday morning with a piss hard-on that wouldn't quit. He looked at Connie and she looked so vulnerable in her naked state. Her light brown pussy hair glistened in the soft light. Bert moved her legs apart and slid in between them. He then positioned his big cock at the entrance to her pussy and slowly filled her with his shaft. She moaned as she stirred, looked up and smiled at him. Connie reached for him and pulled him toward her as his cock sank all the way into her snatch. 

He fucked her slowly at first and then picked up the pace. Connie was moaning and groaning as he fucked her pussy thoroughly. She kept waiting for him to slow down but Bert was relentless and he kept fucking her. She orgasmed countless times as her body thrashed about and lifted off the bed. Her pussy was drenched with her own cum and his cock slid easily in and out of her hole. Finally, she screamed during an extreme climax and her body seemed to go limp.

"Oh my God, that was wonderful. I haven't had morning sex like that in years but please no more. I can't cum anymore. Let me rest, please."

Bert smiled as he pulled his cock out of her pussy. He got off the bed and went into the bathroom to pee. He loved fucking women in the morning and having them beg him to stop. Bert washed his cock and hands and then returned to the bedroom. Connie watched him as he approached the bed with his cock standing straight out in front of him. He was obviously ready for more action. Connie took a hold of his cock in her hand and looked up at him.

"Are you ready to fuck my ass again?"

"I think that I will always be ready to fuck you in the ass from this day on."

Connie smiled at him and then got off the bed. She retrieved the cream from the nightstand and handed it to him. She then got on all fours and directed him to lube her ass. He always got turned on by putting the lube in a woman's bottom. He enjoyed fingering her hole and caressing her curvy buttocks. She rotated her ass in arousal as he inserted a second finger into her nether hole.

"Okay I'm ready for your cock now. You can fuck me in the ass again."

Bert knelt behind her and eased his hard cock into her ass. He worked it in slowly and reveled in the methodical penetration of her luscious ass. Her ass was a warm tight receptacle. She used her sphincter to perfection as she massaged the cock in her anal sheath. Bert caressed both gorgeous ass cheeks as he fucked her ass deeply. He fucked her ass for a long time before they both sensed he was about to cum again. Bert picked up his pace as she squeezed his cock with more intensity.
