 Well the feedback for the previous chapter was nice and helpful. Thanks Guys (and uh, girls.)! This isn't the end though. Just want to clarify. There will be more, but An idea for another series popped into my mind, so I might not update/upload as often.  



All characters are 18+.

-------------------------------------------------

Seth was worried. 

It had been over three days since he found his intended, and he hadn't shown any signs of waking yet.

Consequently, Seth rarely left his mate's side unless forced to, usually by an irate Jasmine worried about his lack of appetite. 

His mate had been transferred to his room, Nate seeing that he wouldn't be letting go of him any time soon. 

"Wake up Please." He whispered softly as he stared at the boy beside him. He was practically begging that ass up there to hurry up and wake him up. He needed to know his mate's name. He needed to hear him, to be able to see his beautiful eyes, he wanted... no, needed this boy so much that it scared him... but only a little.

He gently stroked the side of his mate's face, underneath his fingers as he continued whispering to his mate, mostly pleas for him to wake up. 

As if his prayers were answered, he saw the boy's eyelids twitch, and the gentle stirring of his body as he woke up. 

"What...?" he said, before his eyes slowly fluttered open.

Seth was instantly out of the room, shouting for Jasmine before coming back in and seeing his mate sitting up on his Bed, looking at his unfamiliar surroundings before his eyes landed on Seth.

A sort of frightened whimper escaped him as he backed into the headboard, muttering things even Seth couldn't make sense of.

"P-Please. Don't hurt me. W-Why'd you bring me here I-" He broke off, green-grey eyes fearful as he kept his eyes on Seth.

Seth's chest ached when he saw that his mate was afraid of him, wanting to embrace him but knowing that wouldn't be the best course of action right now, he waited until Jasmine came running into the room. 

She saw the boy's frightened state and approached carefully, knowing very well how he must be feeling.

"It's okay. We won't hurt you. We'll explain why you're here, but could you please calm down for a while?" Jasmine said, taking small steps to ensure that she wouldn't scare him too much.

The boy nodded almost imperceptibly, his body relaxing slightly while Jasmine knelt next to him. 

"What's your name?" Jasmine asked, partly curious and also knowing that Seth would want to know as well.

"G-Gabriel." He stuttered out, sounding surprised that anyone was actually being nice to him.

"Alright Gabriel, are you fine with me touching you? It's okay if you don't want me to." She added, seeing Gabriel take a deep breath before nodding. His body was tense as Jasmine checked all the previously damaged areas on his body. Aside from a few patches of darkened skin where his legs were burned, he looked relatively fine.

"A-Are you going to tell me why you brought me here?" Gabriel asked suddenly, his eyes, while still slightly fearful, now looking straight at Jasmine with cautious interest.

"Okay, but..." Jasmine trailed off, wondering whether it was healthy or not if he was told something so stressful this early.

Seth, who had been quiet in his spot near the door, spoke "I will tell him, if you think it's wise to do so." 

"Maybe later." Jasmine said. "For now, you need rest. Lots of rest. Don't even think of going anywhere without Seth near you. It's really for your own good okay?" Gabriel nodded, making Jasmine smile and walk out of the room, muttering something about food.

Seth and Gabriel stared at each other for some time, Seth with affection and Gabriel with caution. 

Neither of them spoke, not sure of what to say to each other.

Gabriel broke the silence by saying "What do you want with me?"

Seth was caught off guard by his sudden question, and stared blankly at Gabriel.

"What do you want with me?" Gabriel said, his voice quivering slightly. 

"I don't want anything." Seth said, his demonic instincts pushing him to claim Gabriel as his.

I closed his eyes tightly, feeling Gabriel's confused gaze on him. He could feel his true form struggling to show itself, his fangs throbbing in his gums and the familiar sting of his wings attempting to show themselves.

"A-Are you... Are you okay?" Gabriel's voice asked, and Seth control of his body slipped, if only for a moment.

Still, that one moment was enough for Gabriel to see the Great Black wings folded across his back, and he scrambled further back against the headboard, now positively shaking in fear. 

"W-W-What a-are y-you?!" Gabriel whimpered, the sound reminding Seth of a frightened puppy as he thought of what he could say. He couldn't lose his mate, he couldn't.

The only choice was to tell the truth.

"I'm... I'm a demon." He said quietly, hoping that his mate's reaction wouldn't be one of fear and hate. He had told others before, when he had no other choice, and their reactions stayed the same. Shouting at him to get away from them, praying, screaming and begging him not to kill them. 

Gabriel's eyes widened, and he said "P-Please... don't hurt me. W-What do you want to me? Was that woman a demon too? " his fear showing through every word.

"I would never hurt you." Seth said in what he hoped was a soothing tone.

Disbelief flickered in Gabriel's Smoky green eyes, making Seth regret telling him.

"I'm a demon, yes, but there's a reason I'm not in hell punishing evil souls for their sins." Seth felt vulnerable again. He had never told anyone why he wasn't at hell like the rest of his brethren, not even the ones living in the mansion with him.

"Then why are you here?" Gabriel said, curiosity peeking out of the fear.

Seth sighed, relieved that the smaller boy wasn't as scared of him anymore.

"I... I was framed as the facilitator of a Coup for the rule of one of the circles of hell. I was one of the best, and they were envious of my good standing with Lucifer. So they forced him to exile me from hell and curse me to wander the earth forever, surrounded by the sins of man." 



Gabriel looked at him more clearly now, his fear starting to dissipate.

"All of the people here were abandoned, or exiled because of something that was not their fault. There aren't a lot of us, but we've always treated each other like family." Seth said, a small smile spreading across his face as he remembered the people he had saved from life alone.

"So are they all demons?" Gabriel asked, his fear now completely gone and replaced by an overwhelming curiosity. 

"No. Jasmine's a Fae. Fae are fairies. Nate, the one who brought you here, is another demon."

Seth said, now staring at Gabriel with an open sort of affection that made Gabriel's heart race.

"I hope you believe me when I say that none of us would intentionally hurt you. Especially me. To hurt you would be to hurt myself." He whispered the last part.

"Why do you care so much?" Gabriel asked, curious as to why a complete stranger was acting so kind to him.

"You..." Seth began, not quite sure what to say. He couldn't just go 'Oh, you're my mate till the end of time. Can we have sex now?' like his demonic instincts pushed him to do. 

Seth exhaled. He was never good at phrasing things so they sounded better.

"You're... you're my mate." He said.

"What's a mate?" Gabriel asked.

"A mate is... well it's what we call our other halves, our soulmates I guess. We only have one and we know who it is as soon as we lay eyes on them. It's the same for all the races, but the pull is weakest with humans."

"So... I have no choice? I have to be your mate?" Gabriel asked.

"No! You always have a choice. You could reject me if you wanted. I would understand your decision." Seth felt a painful thud in his chest as he said those words, sitting in the chair he had set next to his bed to watch over Gabriel as he had slept.

The truth was, he would never understand why. He would die within a year of his mate rejecting him... at most.

Gabriel looked lost in thought, and Seth hoped the boy wouldn't reject him. He had felt so alone after all these years, even though he was surrounded by people all the time. 

Gabriel suddenly looked at Seth, looking as if something had startled him.

"How did you do that?" He asked.

"Do what?" Seth said, perplexed.

"I heard you in my head." Gabriel said. "You sounded so lonely." He added.

Seth knew what he was talking about. Any strong emotion would be able to temporarily bind their minds together for a short time. 

Seth nodded. "A side effect of the bond." Gabriel's eyes glistened with nervousness.

"Do you... do you want me as your mate?" He asked, his voice shaky.

Seth smiled and said "More than anything." Gabriel stared at him for a while before saying "Alright".

Seth's head snapped up, not daring to believe what he had heard. 

"I'll... I'll be your mate." Gabriel said.

"Are you sure?" Seth murmured. "If you do this I... can't let you go. I won't." 

"I'm sure." Gabriel said, sincerity pouring from his tone. 

"If you become my mate, you'll have to become like me." Seth said.

"I'm sure. I... I trust you." Gabriel said. 

Seth couldn't control himself as he grabbed Gabriel's face and pressed his lips to his, his grip gentle, but still firm as he gently persuaded Gabriel's soft lips to open before snaking his tongue inside. He nearly moaned at the taste of his mate's mouth, the sweetness of his scent taunting him, begging him to claim Gabriel and mark him as his. 

He broke away from the kiss before he lost control again, knowing Gabriel might not be ready for that yet.

Gabriel looked as if he had been struck by lightning, and he was stiff as Seth slid into the bed with him.

"I've... I've never..." Gabriel said, too shocked for a coherent sentence.

"I said yes Seth felt himself let out a happy rumbling sound, like a purr from his throat as he pulled Gabriel into his arms. He would be his mate's first, and only lover.



A long, companionable silence filled the room, both looking at each other, Seth with joy and affection, and Gabriel with a tentative trust. 

The silence was broken by Vincent entering the room, quietly stating

"Lunch time" before turning and striding away, the gold collar on his neck glinting in the afternoon sun.

"Seth?" Gabriel said "How long was I out?" 

Seth chuckled "Around four days." He said, nipping at Gabriel's neck with his fangs. Not deep enough to puncture and inject venom, but enough to tug and pull at the skin.

Gabriel's eyes closed, and Seth knew he was aroused. He could feel it from the weak bond between them.

"We'd better go eat now. Jasmine is tame when she doesn't have anyone to take care of, but she'll get mad if we don't get there fast enough." He chuckled.

He stood, gently letting Gabriel down before starting for the door.

"Seth, aren't you going to put on a shirt?" Gabriel said from where he was sitting on the bed.

Seth laughed. With all the nervousness of whether Gabriel would accept him or not, he had forgotten that his wings had torn through his shirt, leaving it in tatters on his shoulders.

He strode to his closet and pulled out a dark blue shirt before peeling the torn shirt off of him and pulling the new one on. He changed slowly, knowing that his mate was watching every move. Of course, this affected him too, and his cock throbbed painfully in his pants as he changed. 

He held out his hand for Gabriel, who took it nervously and followed him out the room.

As they walked the halls, Gabriel looked at his surroundings. The walls were painted a dark blue, and the floor covered in a soft black rug. Every now and then they would pass by a window, all of them looking out at a beautiful forest.

He was nervous of course. He wasn't sure of whether or not Seth's... friends? Companions? He didn't know what to call them, Would approve of him. Seth and Jasmine were nice enough, but who was to say that everyone else was? The big man who appeared at Seth's door and told them it was Lunch time had terrified Gabriel. He reminded him slightly of his father, though his father was more made of fat than muscle, like that was so obviously was.

"Don't be nervous love." Seth said, as if sensing his distress. "I told you, no one here would ever dream of hurting you. Vincent is a good man. He has been with me for a very long time." He said, casting a comforting smile at Gabriel as they continued walking.

"Did you hear my thoughts?" he asked, surprised. He had thought it was only one way. Apparently he was wrong. 

"Yes. You were nervous enough for me to hear." Seth said. Gabriel frowned. He still knew so little about this bond that was apparently between them. 

"You know one day you have to tell me everything about this 'bond'." Gabriel said.

"Right now it is what I said it is." Seth said, stopping in front of a plain black door. "Nothing will change until we actually consummate our being mates." Seth said, his pants tightening uncomfortably as the thought crossed his mind. 

"How do you... oh." Gabriel said, noticing the slight tent in Seth's pants as he shifted around to hide it. 

Seth finished shifting himself so that the tent wasn't as obvious, and opened the door.

Gabriel looked around at the room they had entered. Instead of the smooth black rug in the hallway, the floor was tiled and warm, and the smell of food lingered in the air. Gabriel automatically felt at ease, as if the warm atmosphere was embracing him, banishing all the evil memories of his family. This was where he was now. He was no longer in the living hell he had spent nineteen years of his life in, he was here. Far away.

Seth walked over to a table near the right side of the room, pulling a chair out for Gabriel as well.

Jasmine was reading a book just across him, and the big man; Vincent; was Sitting quietly a few seats away from them. A man he hadn't seen before, with grey hair that was dyed red at the tips was sitting beside Jasmine, also reading a book. 

"That's Nathan." Seth said, nodding his head in the direction of the man."

Gabriel saw an old, sweet looking woman, old enough to be in her Seventies, walk out of the kitchen and set a large tray down on the table. Assorted types of foods were piled onto the tray and everyone on the table immediately started taking food from it and putting it on their plates.

"How are you child?" She said warmly, smiling at him before pulling out a chair and sitting down on it.

"I-I'm fine thank you." Gabriel said, not sure of what he should say.

"Don't be nervous. Everyone here knows who you are to Seth, and we all more or less understand what you've gone through. You're safe here." She said before taking a salad and started eating.

"Oh, I'm Agatha by the way." She smiled again "You should really eat you know. I'm sure you're hungry." She added, just as Gabriel's stomach let out a low rumble.

Agatha laughed and Seth chuckled slightly before going back to eating, but not before whispering "Eat." In Gabriel's ear, his deep voice sending shivers down Gabriel's spine.

Gabriel tentatively put some food on his plate. Not much, just a few pieces of chicken and rice. He could feel someone's eyes on him as he raised the food to his mouth, and bit down slowly as he chewed and swallowed. It was delicious.

He hadn't eaten more than just leftovers in so long, that he forgot how good it felt to actually be full after a meal. After Seth finished, they both excused themselves and left, again for Seth's room. 

"I just need to do something. Could you just stay here?" Seth asked. Gabriel nodded.

After Seth left and closed the door behind him, Gabriel felt a sense of loneliness that constantly bugged at him. He distracted himself by looking more carefully around Seth's room.

The rug was soft and tickled his feet slightly as he walked, and there was a shelf lined with numerous old-looking books just beside a desk with a laptop on it and nothing else. There was a large mirror against the wall near another door; the bathroom, Gabriel was guessing; and the large closet Seth had pulled a shirt out of. 

The thought sent an image of Seth's bare torso into his mind. Tanned, smooth skin pulled tight over lean muscles. He was instantly hard at the image. He shook his head and laid down on the bed, waiting for Seth to come back as well as wishing his hard-on away. 

Seth arrived a few minutes later, his face breaking into a grin as he saw Gabriel lying down on the bed, waiting for him.

Seth wasted no time getting to the bed with lightning speed and pressing his lips to Gabriel's. 

Gabriel moved his lips slowly, but surely against Seth's, his body seeming to know how to respond to the welcome contact with his mate. 

Seth pulled away, looking satisfied as he grinned down at Gabriel. 

Gabriel smiled back before yawning, the impact of everything that had just happened catching up with him. He was no longer going to be beaten or ordered around by his abusive family. He had a mate, a demon thousands, if not millions, of years old who obviously held feelings for him he could not quite understand, and several people who he had yet to know better, but somehow he knew they would be as kind and receiving as Seth and Agatha had been.

He smiled as he felt strong arms wrap around him. Yes, everything would be better from now on.