 I think it's longer now... I'm sorry if it sucks, I've been experiencing problems lately, so 

I'm not exactly sure how that'll affect my writing but still...

Feedback of any sort is appreciated. Remember, this is my first series, and I really want to improve my writing so... yeah.

All characters are 18+

-------------------------------------------------

Gabriel woke to the feeling of arms around him, keeping him caged against a hard body. 

Instinctively, he started struggling to get free, several memories of rape flashing through his mind as he tried desperately to be free of whoever was going to try and do it again. 

Until he noticed that he wasn't in his bed. Or his room. 

And there was a voice in his ear, attempting to calm him down. 

'Who is that voice?' Gabriel thought, before the memories of the previous day came crashing down on him. 

Seth. Agatha. A bond. A mansion. Images appeared in his mind's eye rapidly, replaying the events of yesterday.

"Calm down. You're safe. I won't let anyone hurt you. Never." Seth whispered soothingly in his ear. Gabriel felt himself calming down soon after, his body relaxing as he heard Seth's voice in his ear.

He was gently turned so that his eyes met concerned red ones. 

"Are you okay?" Seth asked softly, noticing the panic in Gabriel's eyes before it dissipated. 

"Yeah." Gabriel said, relaxing slightly as he took deep breaths. "I just... remembered things." He said, closing his eyes briefly. 

Gabriel was confused. What had he done so well that he deserved this? Why was this man, or rather, demon, so... caring? 

He felt tears come to his eyes. His sister had always called him a crybaby. His mother had said the same thing only harsher. 

"Your father would beat you less if you weren't such a wimp. Grow some balls." She had said when he was 13. He remembered holding back his tears until the end of the day, until he realized that there really wasn't anything he could do for his parents to accept him.

He hadn't realized that the tears were starting to roll down his face until Seth's warm hand brushed them away, and he murmured soothing things to Gabriel under his breath.

"Did I do something wrong? I'm sorry, whatever it was." Seth said, regret obvious in his tone.

"No. Y-You did nothing wrong. Like I said, I just... I just remembered things." Gabriel said "I'll... I'll tell you about them later." He promised. Gabriel never broke a promise. 

Seth seemed content with his answer and began rubbing circles on Gabriel's back, his eyes closing as he did so. 

"Sooner or later, we're going to have to talk about why your... relatives" Seth again said the word as if were some vile object "treated you so badly."

Gabriel nodded, knowing that he would have had to tell them either way. It was better to have told them sooner, and remove the tension from keeping it from them, then later, and risk lashing out because of something they didn't know.

"Speaking of sooner, I think we should eat Breakfast." Seth said, reluctantly letting go of Gabriel to stretch and stand up. 

"You skipped dinner last night. Jasmine's going to have a fit." Seth said, raising an amused eyebrow as Gabriel muttered "Oh great." Under his breath and slid slowly out of the covers. 

Seth waited until Gabriel was ready, and both started out the door in the same direction they went yesterday. 

"Oh, by the way, what did you do yesterday?" Gabriel said tentatively. Seth had looked tense for a few seconds before he entered the room yesterday, and Gabriel did not want to anger the bigger man. A part of him still feared him for his true form, the memory of Midnight wings and sharp fangs and claws still lingering in his mind. 

'Don't Judge people by appearances.' He thought. 

"It had something to do with work." Seth said evasively. 

"What do you do for a living?" Gabriel asked. He felt as if he was prying, and was about to apologize when Seth replied.

"I... I guess you could say I'm an assassin. Or maybe something similar." Seth said, his flat tone doing nothing to mask the fear that Gabriel might leave when he discovered that Seth killed people for a living. 

Gabriel stared at Seth, who had stopped in the middle of the hallway and looked like he was having an internal struggle. 

"So you kill bad people for a living. Doesn't seem so bad to me." Gabriel said. 

"I'm not even sure you're human anymore." Seth said " Any normal person would be out of their mind by now, knowing they were in the same house as a demon who doubles as an assassin." He said bitterly. He had learned that the hard way during his first few years in the mortal realm.

"Does it really matter what you do for a living? It's just a job. Nothing more. Just because you do it doesn't mean you like it you know." gingerly placing his hand on top of Seth's.

"I don't know what I did to deserve you." Seth said "But I'm not complaining." He grinned as they continued to the kitchen.

Just as they had entered and sat themselves down, Agatha came out of the kitchen carrying another tray. Seth thanked her and she smiled back and went off to someplace in the mansion. 

They ate breakfast quietly, their eyes never leaving each other as they ate. Though it scared Gabriel that they were going so fast, he couldn't deny that some part of him wanted this man. Badly. A part of him that never came out before. 

As they finished eating, Gabriel wondered how his Parents, if he could even call them that, were doing. Without him to do the chores, did they start doing them themselves? Or were they just sitting down on their asses and allowing their daughter to sneak different men into her room like when he was there? 

He thought more about this as he put the plate on the sink, not worried for them, but more of curious as to what they were up to now.

He was snapped out of his thoughts by two warm arms wrapping around him from behind and pulling him back, Seth's body letting him know how happy he was that Gabriel was near. Gabriel felt his cheeks redden slightly as he felt Seth's erection pressing against his ass through his jeans, his body responded accordingly in the form of a throbbing flesh between his legs. Seth made no move to take it any further than so, simply savoring the feeling of Gabriel in his arms. 

Gabriel sighed and leaned back against Seth. He felt safe and secure in Seth's arms, something he hadn't felt in a long, long time. 

After a while, they broke apart and sat back down on the table. Gabriel couldn't help but miss the feeling of Seth's arms around him.

"So what do you want to do today?" Seth asked suddenly.

"Oh! Um... maybe... could you show me around the place? I mean, It would be nice to know where to go and all..." Gabriel said nervously.

"Sure." Seth said simply, taking hold of Gabriel's hand and running his thumb over the knuckles before tugging Gabriel along. 

"So you've seen my room, the door next to it is Vincent's, and Nate and Jasmine's rooms are The doors after that. Agatha's bedroom is near the kitchen, and the infirmary is around this way" Seth said while walking towards a large set of double doors and opening them. Inside was a spacious room with multiple beds and medical supplies spaced evenly from each other. 

"There's only like, Four of you. Why so many beds?" Gabriel asked. 

Seth just shrugged "You never know. Oh, and there are five of us. The other one's just on another job." 

"Other one?" Gabriel said nervously. 

"Yeah. He's... well, not here often. But Jake comes by every now and then. Just to visit." Seth said, absently brushing his fingers along Gabriel's smooth skin. 

"Am I annoying you?" Gabriel said cautiously. He was asking way too many questions.

"No." Seth chuckled. "It's alright. You'd naturally want to know more. Anyone would."

"Tell you what" Seth paused for a short time before continuing "Ask anything you want and I'll try to answer it as best I can."

And so Gabriel and Seth walked around the Mansion, Seth showing Gabriel around while as Gabriel continued asking questions. Somewhere along the way, the questions shifted to Seth and Gabriel, both learning more about each other as time passed and they eventually made it back to Seth's room. 

Seth sensed someone enter the property. He frowned and walked towards the front door, 

His mouth nearly fell open in shock.

There, standing a few feet away from the door, was the very person who had banished him- albeit unwillingly- from hell.

Lucifer regarded them with searing yellow eyes, his jet black wings folded behind him and face indiscernible as he stared at the two carefully.

Seth got over his shock quickly. Lucifer rarely ever showed up anywhere on Earth. Though he had acknowledged that Humans were worthy of existence long ago, he still had doubts about their race. He had always disliked the idea of going up into the mortal realm. 

"I see you are doing well" Lucifer said, his voice deep and commanding attention.

Seth unconsciously pushed Gabriel behind him, recognizing the possible threat to his mate.

"My lord, what are you doing here?" Seth said cautiously.

Lucifer sighed. "Still extremely formal, I see." He said before shifting his gaze to where Gabriel was behind Seth. "And you've found your intended." His voice said, more statement than question.

"Come here." Lucifer said, beckoning towards both of them. 

Seth clasped Gabriel's hand tightly in his and slowly walked towards the lord of hell. 

Lucifer's gaze never left Gabriel as they came to a stop a few feet away from where he stood. 

"What is your name?" he asked. 

Gabriel took a deep breath "Gabriel." He said, managing to keep himself from stuttering nervously. He could feel the power of this man enveloping the air around him.

Lucifer raised his eyebrow at the name. He hadn't heard the name of his brother in a while. 

"How did Seth find you?" Lucifer asked again, this time looking into the boy's mind.

What he saw filled him with disgust. The boy's mind was subconsciously replaying memories from his past. If Seth hadn't found him, the boy would be dead or would have killed himself already. Lucifer was not looking forward to seeing another Suicide come up for judgement. Then he saw something that surprised him, although slightly.

"So you're..." Lucifer fell silent. 

Gabriel remained quiet, seeming to have lost his voice in front of Lucifer.

"I see... In that case, you are very lucky indeed." Lucifer said to Gabriel, looking intently at him.

"I believe I asked a question." Seth said impatiently, throwing aside formality. 

"I came here because I wanted to apologize." Lucifer said, showing no trace of his former ruling sin. 

"Oderat has been punished for his actions and will not be bothering you, at least as far as I'm concerned." Lucifer said again, shocking Seth greatly at the amount of sincerity in his voice.

"Take care of Gabriel. He is a... special case." He said lightly. Seth's eyebrows furrowed slightly. A special case? What did that mean?

"I do believe this belongs to you. I have other matters to attend to, though, and I will not be appearing again." Lucifer said before suddenly fading into a shadow and disappearing.

Gabriel was wearing an expression of pure shock on his face. Seth would not have been surprised if he had been wearing the same expression on his face as well. Lucifer was not some common visitor, he would have come to either simply see who Seth's mate was, or to kill Seth and Gabriel for some reason that neither would know.

He eyed the spot where Lucifer was standing. In his place lay a coal black sword in an equally black sheath. Recognition sparked as he regarded the blade and picked it up.     Warmth rushed through his fingers as he remembered the things he had done with this blade. He never thought he would see it again, much less feel it in his hands.

Gabriel lightly touched the bigger man's bicep. Even Seth seemed in awe of what had just happened. 

"Who was that?" He whispered "And where's Nate?" 

"That was Lucifer." The reply shocked Gabriel. That was Lucifer? The same one that had kicked Seth out of Hell?

Nate came from somewhere inside the house a few seconds later. 

"Where the fuck were you?" Nate said exasperatedly. 

"Lucifer was here." Seth explained, lowering his sword.

"And one of Oderat's personal guard attacked Vincent." Seth paled slightly. 

"Where did this happen?" Seth wasn't worried for Vincent. He was worried about what Oderat was trying to pull.

"Near your room. It looks like the jackass was searching for you." Nate said.

Seth cursed inwardly. Oderat... what did he want? Lucifer had promised to keep Oderat from trying to do anything funny, and Oderat would not be able to defy him unless he purposefully exiled himself. 

He felt Gabriel still behind him and realized that he was afraid of Nate. 

"Oh, Gabriel, This is Nate. He's the one that brought you here." Seth said, running his hand up and down Gabriel's back to try and make him relax.

Nate seemed to have noticed Gabriel's reaction to his appearance and grinned comfortingly. "Hey, don't worry I don't bite." Nate chuckled "Much." 

Gabriel all but froze in front of the other demon. With his muscular physique and red-tipped hair, Nate looked like the type of person who would be in a gang. He wasn't as big as Vincent, but he still intimidated Gabriel. 

Nate sighed and walked over to Gabriel. "Seth probably told you this already, but none of us would even think of hurting you. One, Seth would kill us if we did, and Two, If I wanted to hurt you I'd have left you there in front of your house to die. Trust in us please." Nate said. " Let's get you in. It's still cold out don't you think?" 

Gabriel shivered as he realized that it was still snowy, the icy wind biting at his fingers and making him shiver in Seth's shirt. He hadn't noticed due to the rapid sequence of events that occurred. Lucifer, Oderat, Nate, he was almost dizzy from all the introductions. He had never met anyone so soon after one another before.

"I want to check on Vincent, see how he's doing." Seth explained as they headed in the direction of the Infirmary. 

Nate made small talk on the way, Gabriel still slightly tense around him. But he was starting to feel more comfortable around Nate.

As they opened the door to the infirmary, Jasmine jumped out and started speaking into a rapid tongue that Gabriel couldn't make sense of. 

Seth silenced her politely to explain the events that occurred while Gabriel slowly walked to the bed where Vincent was resting. 

Vincent looked... well, not good. His right arm was covered in large scratches that looked like they were caused by razor sharp talons, his chest also marred by slightly deeper gashes. They looked like they were already healing, although slowly. 

"He would heal faster if he had a mate." Nate said, suddenly appearing next to Gabriel.

"...Alright. But be careful. I'll try to contact Jake to tell him what happened." Jasmine said as she and Seth neared. Seth winced slightly as he took in Vincent's condition. Was he focusing too much on Gabriel? 

"I know that look Seth." Nate said suddenly. "This isn't your fault. No one could have seen this happening. We just need to be more careful. Go have some alone time with your mate; we'll take care of Vincent." He said, patting Seth's shoulder.

Seth nodded and took Gabriel's hand. 

"Seth?" He heard a small, timid voice beside him.

He looked at Gabriel, who said "Is this Oderat guy..." he began "After me?" 

Seth was filled with rage at the thought. 

He tightened his grip on Gabriel unconsciously, but not hard enough to cause Gabriel pain. He suddenly pulled Gabriel into his arms, growling possessively as he claimed Gabriel's lips for his own. No one would take his mate from him!

Gabriel whimpered slightly as Seth swept his thin form into his arms as he ran to their room, setting Gabriel down with surprising gentleness on the bed before shutting the door and covering Gabriel's body with his own, all in the course of a few seconds. 

Seth pressed his lips insistently to Gabriel's again, his tongue entering Gabriel's mouth without asking for permission.

Gabriel suddenly remembered several instances of rape and pushed the memories away, the new part of his mind enjoying Seth's stopping his treating Gabriel like glass. The new part of him enjoyed this dominant side of Seth, pushing the memories of rape to the back of his mind. He decided to follow this new feeling inside him, trusting Seth not to hurt him.

As if sensing Gabriel's sudden submission, Seth moved his lips more gently against Gabriel's, reaching down to tug at the shirt Gabriel was wearing. They broke the kiss briefly to pull the piece of clothing off, Seth looking up and down the body of his mate and growling in pleasure as he took in the smooth, slightly scarred skin over slightly defined muscles.

'Beautiful' he thought as he beheld his mate's body. 

He claimed Gabriel's lips again, more slowly this time. He couldn't get enough of those soft, alluring lips. Gabriel's hands came around his neck as Seth pushed down on Gabriel's pants. 

He knew they were going too fast. But he couldn't bring himself to care as Gabriel gave a moan as he massaged the hard length in his boxers. 

He felt the bond between them strengthening, breaking the kiss long enough for Gabriel to breathe before he slipped Gabriel's boxers off, revealing the hard, throbbing column of flesh that signified his arousal. 

"Seth..." Gabriel moaned as Seth touched him. He wasn't used to this kind of intimacy, most of the ones who wanted this from him simply took what they wanted without paying attention to his cries for help. Again, the part of his mind that wanted this- wanted Seth- pushed the memories away. 

"Yes?" Seth said as he lowered his head to nip teasingly at Gabriel's erection, eliciting a desperate moan from the other man. 

"Please..." Gabriel begged, placing his hands in Seth's hair even as Seth licked the tip of his erection lightly. 

"Please what?" Seth said, purring. 

"Suck me off... please..." Gabriel said, with a voice so quiet Seth had to strain his ears to hear it.

Seth smiled and took Gabriel's erection in his mouth, Gabriel moaning as he felt his cock surrounded by the hot confines of Seth's mouth. He never knew anything could feel this good.

Seth sucked and licked expertly at the shaft inside his mouth, swiping his tongue against the tip and tasting the salty, and slightly bitter liquid leaking out. 

'Delicious.' Was his only thought as he doubled his efforts to make his mate come. 

Gabriel groaned again. He was close, and he was trying desperately to hold it back as he closed his eyes and clenched his teeth. He couldn't hold it back anymore. 

"I-I'm c-" He couldn't even finish that small sentence as the intensity of his orgasm slammed into him like a train. Seth felt to cock in his mouth expand slightly and begin shooting into his mouth and began swallowing expertly, leaving some in his mouth. 

He kissed his way up Gabriel's body and kissed him, sharing Gabriel's own come with him. Gabriel swallowed it and returned the kiss, sighing when Seth pulled away.

"As much as I'd like to claim you now, you're not ready." He said, restraint tightening his voice.

Gabriel was too exhausted to argue. 

"Let's... let's go check on Vincent again, that okay with you?" Seth said after a few moments of silence.

"Yes." Gabriel replied simply. Seth noted that Gabriel didn't talk much. Just the occasional "Yes" or "No" and a few sentences thrown in here and there. 

Not that he minded. His mate was shy; he understood that, given his past. But he wanted to make Gabriel forget about his past. 

He would dwell on that later.
