 "What's going on? Are you gay?" The words tumbled from my mouth. Once we recovered from our impromptu lovemaking bout, or at least I hoped it was lovemaking, we settled back into my bed, our backs against the headboard. Orrin kept his eyes downcast and appeared to be looking for a response to my questions. "Well?" I prompted. 

Orrin cleared his throat, "No." 

"No? Then what going on? Why me? Why now?" My chest was beginning to hurt. Was I some sort of experiment to him?

"I've noticed how you looked at me these past five years, Ryan. I've known for a very long time that you wanted me. It never bothered me. I was flattered. I figured it was partly infatuation that you would grow out of as you excelled at the game. By the time it became apparent to me that you weren't growing out of it, I realized that I had a mounting attraction to you as well. No pun intended." Orrin flashed a toothy grin at me.

"Besides", he continued, "Once you became a star, I knew that I couldn't risk you losing everything for a quick romp in the hay."

"So what changed" I had to know if this was a one-time thing or not.

"It was for selfish reasons really. I haven't told anyone yet, but I plan to retire at the end of season. If we lose tomorrow, it will be my last game. I didn't want to leave without you knowing how I felt."

I was stunned to say the least, "But why? You're still a Hall of Fame catcher. Why are you quitting." Of everything I expected to hear, retirement was not one of them. The thought of going out there without Orrin behind the plate pained me greatly. 

"I'm no longer passionate about the game. I've spent 12 years crouched behind the plate, 12 years sharing a shower with other men, 12 years watching all the on field and off field antics of my teammates. I'm tired and I want to do something else with my life while I am still young and can walk."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. This couldn't be happening. "What will you do? Where will you go?"

Orrin eyes lit up and one of his heart stopping smiles spread across his face. "Promise me you won't laugh." I nodded my consent. "Well, I want to go to carpentry school and learn how to build furniture. Once I become good at it, I want to open a small furniture store that only sales handmade furniture, most handmade by me.

Orrin glared at me at the corner of mouth twitched. "You promised!" he bellowed. 

I kept quiet, taking deep breaths. At last I was able to speak without so much as a chuckle. "A carpenter, really? Really? He nodded his head in affirmation. I could see in his eyes that he was serious about his decision and he needed my understanding. "Well, I can't say I truly understand why you want to give up a lucrative professional baseball career to become a carpenter, but it looks like this is something you have given a lot of though to and is very important to you. Where will you go to school?"

I could see nervousness in his eyes as he turned and sat on the edge of the bed. "That depends on you."

"Me? I don't understand."

"I like you Ryan and I want to be near you. The more I thought about retiring, the more I ached knowing I may never see you again. I've always enjoyed the times we've shared as friends, but something inside of me wants more with you. Wherever you plan to settle during the off season, I will take classes at the nearest trade school. That is, if you'll have me."

I was flabbergasted. I'm sure he saw the surprise in my eyes before I burst into a wide grin and tackled him, pulling him back onto the bed. "I'll have you now and later if you don't mind," I said in between applying kisses to his chest and neck. 

I planted kisses to his nipples, slowly dragging my tongue back and forth across his hot flesh. He squirmed under my tongue, so I straddled his waist and gripped his wrist above his head, smiling as I went back to driving him crazy. I teased his nipples some more before moving to his neck and his ears.

"I want you to fuck me Orrin," I whispered in his ear. 

He grunted and overpowering me, rolled me onto my back and straddled me. 

"I'm gonna fuck you Ryan, "he moaned into my ear.

He kissed me again. I have to tell, you, the man can kiss. I was panting and my cock was eager just from his kisses alone. He worked his way down my chest to my nipples, swirling his tongue first around the right one and then the left. Going back and forth until I squirmed beneath him. "I need you now," I cried. I ached so badly.

He ignored my cries and continued to lavish away at my nipples, before moving further south. He engulfed me in one swoop. I remember thinking that for someone who wasn't gay, he sure new how to give some great head. I figured I'll have to ask him about it sometime, but that time would not be right now. 

As he continued to lick and take in my entire shaft, I felt a finger at my backdoor, tickling and prodding at my hole. He lifted his head off of my shaft briefly to lick his finger before returning it to my whole. This time, he pushed it in all the way. My body jerked and my muscles tensed. "Please Orrin," I begged him. He smiled at me while sawing his finger back and forth before adding a second. I grunted and convulsed again. His fingers felt wonderful, but I wanted more. Yet, when he withdrew them, I felt empty. "NO!" I raised my head to see Orrin kneeling between my thighs, his cock in his hand. I felt him push against me and then he was in. "YES!" I felt insane with lust. He barely had his head in and I was trying to push down to get the rest of him. He put a hand on my stomach to still me and moved his cock in another inch. "Is this what you want Ryan? You want me cock up your ass? 

"God Yes, just fuck me alr...." Before I could finish my sentence, he rammed his remaining length in me to the hilt. Not giving me anytime to adjust, he pulled himself out leaving just the head in me and then rammed himself in me to the hilt again. He repeated his thrust over and over. Teeth clenched, sweat dripping from his body, green eyes glued to blue eyes, each thrust felt amazingly powerful. I gripped his arms, relishing the muscle I felt underneath, but enjoying the muscle plundering me more. 

The pressure was building. I knew that I was going to trip soon. He reached down and grabbed my cock and within three tugs, I was flying among the stars. My body was one with the cosmic universe. I could hear the thumping of my heart, feel the blood flow through me veins, and feel every muscle in my body tighten. 

And then I fell to earth. Over my panting, I could hear Orrin grunting, feel his cock throbbing in me. I watched as he went completely still, buried deep in me. His cum shooting further up my chute to forever become part of me. 

I had just gotten my breathing under better control when Orrin lost his purchase and fell on me, knocking the wind out of me. I coughed and sputtered trying to catch my breath. Orrin moved off of me and rolled me on side, rubbing my back. "Breath in, breath out"

After a few minutes I was finally able to take a deep breath. I rolled over to face him and looking into beautiful green eyes. "You really have to work on that dismount."

We both started laughing, or at least he was laughing. I was doing more of a laugh/cough routine. When we finally got our composure back, he leaned over me, gave me a quick kiss on the lips, pulled me into his arms, and we slept.