 I had never even considered being with another man until I got involved in chat rooms and the first time I cybered with a guy.

I had done the cyber thing and had even been invited over the some places but could not muster up the courage.

I t wasn't until I was invited to a football watching party that I had my courage tested.

It was a Sunday and Jerry had decided to throw a party to watch football all day, guys only. The wives were at Tony's house for a girls only get together.

I got there at 11 around the same time the pre-game shows began. I walked in the door and Jerry greeted me with a beer. By the time of the first kickoff one hour later, I was working on my third beer and had done two shots, suggested by Jerry.

The game was a good one and the beer was even better. When game two was ready to kickoff, I was feeling no pain. At the end of the first quarter, I had to relieve myself and stood up to head to the restroom. I then realized how drunk I was when I had to be helped along.

When I exited the door, Jerry and Steve were there to help me to my seat. The second quarter had started and I was sipping my suds when I felt Steve's hand against my thigh. Thought nothing of it.

I placed my empty can between my legs and Steve reached for it to get me a fresh one. He rubbed against my groin to grab the beer and repeated the move taking it away. Again, thought nothing of it even though I was getting erect.

When he returned, he placed the fresh beer between my legs but left his hand there. I looked down through my blurry eyes and saw Steve's hand squeeze, I gasped but did not move. Steve tried to divert attention by talking about the game but did not move his hand.

Jerry must have seen what was happening because he came over and sat down next to me. Jerry leaned over and whispered in my ear, "Welcome to the club. Steve has wanted to meet you."

I did not quite understand what Jerry meant until Tony came by and lifted up my chin and told me I was going to have a good time.

Steve began to rub my crotch and I was getting harder. The harder I got, the more vigorous Steve's rubbing became.

I started squirming when Steve started unzipping my pants. It didn't take long until he had his hand inside my pants and extricated my cock for everyone to see.

His touch was gentle and he had me in a trance. I could not move. I was just sitting there watching this man stroke my cock.

Once he had my small 5" cock fully extended, he leaned down and took me in his mouth. I had my cock in many a woman's mouth but never a man's and Steve knew what he was doing.

I found myself leaning back against the couch and closing my eyes, enjoying the moment. When I opened my eyes, I saw all the other guys watching us instead of the game.

After a few minutes, I felt myself getting close to cumming. Steve must have sensed this because he stopped. Jerry asked if I was okay and I told him I wasn't sure. I then noticed his cock was exposed. He placed my hand on his cock and told me to just feel it.

Once I became comfortable with a cock in my hand, I began to stroke Jerry. He told me I was going just fine and to continue.

That is when Tony stepped up with his member. He had positioned himself in a position with his cock inches from my mouth. He leaned in and placed the tip on my lips and started pushing it in. My mouth opened up and he slid in.

For someone who had never even had someone else's cock in his own hand, I now had one in hand and one in mouth and liked it.

Tony was now humping my mouth and I was gagging from the length. Steve was still working magic with his mouth and I began to unload my seed. Steve took every last drop.

Jerry pulled away, lifted me off the couch and placed me on the floor on my hands and knees. I wasn't sure how to react, whether to be scared or excited.

Tony picked up where he left off with his cock in my mouth. Mark, whom I had just met when I arrived, climbed under me and replaced Steve. Jerry got behind me and began pulling my pants down and began rubbing my ass.

I felt something warm and wet on my ass and realized it was some sort of oil Jerry was rubbing on me. He began to work it in my crack then took a well lubricated finger and shoved it in my hole. I squealed like a pig.

Jerry was working his finger all over inside. I was so comfortable in my surroundings that I was not aware Jerry had placed the head of his cock at my entrance until the head popped in.

The pain was intense and Jerry just kept it there, allowing me to relax. Once I did, he inserted little until his balls were resting against my cheeks.

Tony began to match Jerry's rhythm and soon they were pushing and extricating simultaneously to where I felt like a Chinese finger trap.

Tony then repositioned himself to where he was sitting on the couch and me facing him. Mark was still below me. Steve was to my left and had my cock in his left hand. Morris had his cock in my right.

I wasn't sure where I was or what I was supposed to do but I knew I liked what I was doing. I could hear Jerry's balls slapping harder against my ass until I felt his cock expanded and pulse out the first stream of his fluid.

I should have felt horrified at the situation I was in but I was enjoying it. And from the smiles on the guys' faces, they were too.

Tony was next to let go. I gagged at the first spurt but I managed to take it all in. Morris had a quick trigger and exploded all over my back. Steve had great staying power and replaced Tony while Mark replaced Jerry. After everyone had come at least once, they took a break and allowed me a few minutes of down time, but not for long.

I was about to doze off when Jerry alerted me to the fact that the game had just gone to halftime and so had they. I was given a shot of tequila to wash down and to keep my willingness level to the point they wanted.

I was allowed to go to the restroom but I had to be helped. I had cum running out of my ass and down my legs so Jerry and Morris took a wash cloth and wiped me down while I took a piss.

When I returned to the couch, another drink was ready for me which Tony poured in my mouth and held my nose so I had to drink it.

After 15 minutes, I felt totally at ease and the guys picked up where they left off. Morris was on his back on the couch and Jerry and Tony picked me up and positioned my ass over his rigid cock, then shoved me on top of it, which slid in rather easily.

Jerry and Tony each had an arm under my shoulders and were lifting me up and down. My cock was rock hard and barely bouncing. Morris came so hard I thought it was going to shoot out of my nose.

Steve then motioned to the guys to pick me up and wrap my legs around his waist. As they did, Steve plunged his cock in and carried me over to the ironing board and laid me on top of. It was just long enough for my head to hand off the end of, allowing a clear path for a cock to go the full length of my throat, which Mark obliged.

By now, I did not need any more liquid encouragement and was more than happy to accommodate any and all.

After I was finished on the ironing board, we headed out to the hot tub to continue my indoctrination.

Mark climbed in and I was lowered in after him (my legs were so weak I could not have made it in myself).

I was held on my back by all the others and guided onto Mark's cock. The feeling off all the water pushed out by Mark's cock made me feel fuller. I felt like a rag doll as the others guided me back and forth on Mark. Even when Mark sat on the steps, the other guys did all the work.

By the time the game was over, I was spent. I could not walk two feet and had come so much my cock felt raw. But they weren't through.

I was taken upstairs and allowed to rest on the bed. I was awakened by shaving lather being wiped on my groin. Jerry took special care in taking off every nub. I was told to walk around to show off my newly shaven cock and every step I took turned me on even more.

I was then blindfolded and was told I was going to be the subject of a game. I had to guess whose cock was whose by taste only. For everyone I got right, that person was eliminated. For everyone I got wrong, he got to do to me whatever he wanted.

The first one was easy. You never forget your first and Tony was out. The next was difficult and thought it was Mark. I was wrong and Steve took his place in my ass.

It is very hard to concentrate while being fucked by I managed to eliminate Jerry. That left Morris, Mark and Steve. Since Steve was still fucking me, I had a 50-50 shot...and missed.

Morris wanted to pin me against the wall face first but only after the game was over. Mark was the last one left and he had a kinky way. He held me upside down with my legs around his head and lowered my mouth onto his cock. That was rough but I managed to suck him dry.

Morris pinning me against the wall was incredible. My cock was pinned pointing up and between me and the wall. When I came, I soaked my stomach and Morris filled me up so much, it sprayed out of my ass.

When all was done, I was allowed to sleep it off. I woke up about 10:30 and Jerry asked me if I enjoyed myself. I told him it was a lot of fun. He informed me that the guys had wanted me to come over for a long time but had to work out how it was going to happen.

He also told me to ask Bailey what kind of day she had with the girls. She'll have to write about that herself.