 If you are under 18 years of age, this is not for you.

If you are offended by male/male relationships, then do not read this work. 

All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Thank you to my editor, Colandra. Without you, this would be riddled with my bad grammar!

This is a copyrighted work of fiction. All right reserved. 

*

They finally made it back to Derek's place. Paul helped Derek from the truck before pulling the laughing man over his shoulder to carry him toward the apartment. Paul put him down only when they got to the locked door. 

Once Derek had unlocked it, Paul had pushed it closed behind them and relocked it. As soon as he had turned the deadbolt, the smaller man pounced on him, pushing him against the door, and pulling his head down for a hot open-mouthed kiss unlike any of the others they had shared. This kiss was totally male, nipping, biting and thrusting tongues, it was almost like a fight for domination. When Paul caught Derek's tongue by sucking it into his own mouth, Derek began moaning desperately. Paul could feel Derek's hands running all over his chest, shoulders and arms, Derek was also rubbing his body against Paul's like a cat. Paul broke off the kiss and grasped Derek's wrists, gently separating their bodies. 

Derek let out a needy moan, and Paul scooped him up off the floor. Derek panted out , "Bedroom." That was all Paul needed to hear; his long strides had them there in seconds. He tossed Derek on the bed, where he bounced for a second before sitting up. 

Paul was on top of Derek immediately, bearing him back down with Paul's weight, the light from hall streaming across them through the open bedroom door. Paul attacked Derek's lips and sucked them into his mouth, nipping and tugging on them with his teeth. Derek was moaning and writhing underneath him, and his hands were trying to pull off Paul's shirt. The desire to dominate caught Paul completely by surprise, as he found himself capturing Derek's seeking hands. He pulled them up above their heads, toward the slotted headboard, and whispered against Derek's mouth, "Grab it and don't let go."

Paul waited with bated breath to see what response he would get. He felt a shudder run through Derek's body as he watched the hands grasp the wood obediently. Paul rewarded Derek by sucking on his upper lip and flicking his tongue over that little piercing. "Good boy," he growled into Derek's mouth, "You just hold onto that, and I promise I'll make you feel good."

Paul pushed himself back so he could see more of the figure pinned under him. Paul hadn't forgotten about that tantalizing peek of a tattoo he'd seen earlier that day. He stared directly into Derek's eyes as he began slipping his fingers under the edge of Derek's shirt. Paul made sure to let his fingertips trace the skin ever so softly as he began to bare inch after inch of flesh. Derek was trembling and thrashing his head from side to side while moaning seductively; he still held onto the headboard. Paul looked down from the pleasure contorted face to gaze at the deliciously sculpted stomach that was being revealed. Anger filled him when he noticed the ugly bruise that was mottling the perfect cream flesh, just a few inches above Derek's belly button. He moved down Derek's body, careful not to jar his brace, and leaned in to gently kiss the ugly bruise. 

"If anyone else ever touches you," Paul whispered, letting his lips just barely brush the mottled skin, "I'll kill them." 

Derek's voice was rough and low. "I won't let anyone else touch me but you," he paused and swallowed audibly. He spoke in that quiet voice that Paul loved so much. "I love you Paul. I know it's crazy and we just met, but...I loved you as soon as I opened my eyes and saw your bare feet, and you standing over me, protecting me."

Paul gently rested his head on Derek's belly, still tracing the fading edges of the bruise. He answered in his most serious tone, "Me too. I loved you since the second our eyes met, after I knocked that bastard out. I was sure I was seeing things in my head when I noticed your earrings. If I had to search the whole damn school to find you I would have." 

Paul could feel his emotions overflowing, and he was sure he was about to embarrass himself by blubbering all over Derek's perfect tummy. He went to search for that enticing tattoo he had yet to see. He found it in all its glory, after he pushed Derek's shirt up to those voluntarily captive wrists. He was careful not to snag it on any of Derek's piercing. He paused to press a gentle kiss to each one, first the ear, then the eyebrow, and lastly, the Monroe. 

Paul then returned his attention to that elusive tattoo. It ran from Derek's right hipbone and curved gently in toward his abs, and then back out to end next to his right nipple. It was a calla lily. The ink was done in a soft shading style, and Paul could see the tiniest hints of pink around the lily's trumpet. It was absolutely, positively jaw dropping, and breathtakingly beautiful. Paul couldn't resist tracing it gently with his fingers. When he lightly scraped it with his fingernails, Derek cried out. Paul felt a predatory smile on his lips as he leaned back to look down at Derek's naked chest. He gently ran his hands over the ridges of Derek's smooth abs until he had reached a finely sculpted collarbone. He pressed his nails into the skin slightly, and began a raking descent to the waist of Derek's jeans. Derek was letting out a long shuddering moan, and Paul made a mental note about that fingernail move. 

Paul felt an animalistic pride at the sounds of pleasure he was drawing from Derek. He moved between Derek's legs, and gently scooted to where he had one of his lover's legs on each side of his hips and draped over his thighs. Paul reached toward Derek's belt, and made sure to lock eyes with him. As Paul began to slide the studded, hot pink belt from its buckle, Derek moaned and threw his head back. Paul stopped moving his hands until Derek once again locked eyes with him questioningly. Once he was sure he had Derek's attention again, Paul slid the clasp all the way free and reached for the fly of the jeans. Paul could see Derek's length pressing against the black denim. Paul's mouth was watering, wanting to feel that silken heat against his tongue. But, he made himself go tantalizingly slow. He grasped the tab of the zipper and slid it down in tiny increments, until it finally reached the point it would go no further.

Paul looked up to ensure that Derek was still watching him, and was shocked at the face he saw. Paul had never imagined something so beguiling, and desperately wanton. It took all his control not to rip off Derek's jeans and swallow him whole. Paul forced a deep, calming breath into his lungs and hooked his fingers on the waist of Derek's pants. He peeled them down, slowly revealing the black, tight fitting, boy short style underwear that Derek had on. 

He could see the pulsing erection and a small wet spot where it was leaking pre cum. The descending denim also revealed sturdy thighs and trembling knees, before running into interference from the brace on Derek's left foot. Paul abandoned his trek downwards on that leg, and focused his efforts on the right one. He slipped the jeans off the muscular calf, past the curled toes, to abandon the clothing as he laid between Derek's legs once more. He slipped his hands on the underside of his lover's knees and lifted them to rest on his shoulders, as he nibbled the length of Derek's cock through the cotton prison it was contained in. He could hear Derek frantically chanting his name over and over, as Paul's own erection throbbed, painfully begging for release.

Paul thought there was something incredibly erotic about being fully clothed while Derek thrashed on the bed in only his underwear. Paul continued to nibble and lick at Derek through his underwear, enjoying the undulations of Derek's hips seeking more contact with Paul's mouth. He chuckled at Derek's plaintive cry, and tickled the dark trail that ran under the band of Derek's underwear. Paul hooked his fingers under the elastic and eased it off Derek's writhing form, freeing the captive cock to Paul's gaze. 

When a breathy, "Paul, please. Please, please," reached his ears, the last of Paul's restraint snapped. He pulled back and snatched the underwear down, stripping Derek's right leg and leaving that sexy swatch of cotton bunched at the top of the jeans still captured by the brace. He dove back toward that deliciously jumping cock. He took only a second to admire it, it was around six inches, cut, and weeping with arousal. The black hair that surrounded the base was trimmed close, and Paul had never seen anything sexier in his life. Paul wrapped his fingers around the base of Derek's cock, then stopped. He looked up to find Derek gazing at him, finally grasping that Paul wanted Derek to watch what Paul was doing to him. 

"Mine," Paul rasped before engulfing the entire length into his mouth. It was like molten silk on his tongue. He had never felt such a rush of pleasure from giving pleasure as he felt now. He massaged the base with his right hand as he swirled his tongue around the head with every stoke of his mouth. With his left hand, Paul began to explore the completely smooth sac pulled tightly to Derek's body. He teased each ball gently with his fingers, lightly tugging them away from Derek's body, rolling and massaging each in turns. 

After a few moments he abandoned the taunt globes and slipped down lower, following the sensitive seam that lead to greater secrets. The second Paul brushed the tight pucker, Derek's thighs quivered at their perch on Paul's shoulders, and Derek exploded in Paul's mouth with a ragged cry of Paul's name. Paul swallowed the thick spurts while he continued working the length of Derek's cock with his mouth. Paul could feel Derek riding the waves of his orgasm with each bucking of his hips into Paul's own waiting mouth. Paul was astonished when he noticed Derek's hands were still gripping the headboard. 

When the tremors finally stopped Paul released the softening length from his mouth. He had never experienced the rush of power and pride that came from satisfying the enticing man laying beneath him. He planned to take the rest of his life finding all of Derek's little secrets that would belong to Paul alone. Paul could hear Derek trying to catch his breath as he moved his larger form back up Derek's body. He leaned down and gently kissed Derek's slightly parted lips, and slid large hands to pull Derek's wrists away from the headboard. The pair kissed leisurely and Paul felt Derek's arms snake around his neck before traveling down to massage Paul's shoulders. 

"You made me feel so amazing, I have never felt anything like that before," Derek said. Paul loved the sultry sound of Derek's sexually satisfied voice. Derek was running his hands up and down Paul's arms, squeezing them through the cotton of Paul's button up shirt. "I love your muscles. So damn sexy." 

When Derek pulled his lips from Paul's and pushed against his chest, the larger man allowed Derek to direct him onto his back. Paul watched Derek carefully remove his brace, to allow his jeans and underwear to fall to the floor, before replacing the brace on his left foot. Paul was granted the sexiest sight of his life as Derek smiled at him devilishly and crawled up to straddle Paul's still fully clothed body. Paul ran his hands up Derek's sides and across his chest, drawing gasps of pleasure as he toyed with the pink nipples he had yet to explore. Paul smiled knowingly when he noticed Derek's member beginning to stir. 

Paul felt like the luckiest man alive as he looked up Derek squirming. Paul could feel each movement Derek made teasing the erection trapped in his jeans. Paul was suddenly reminded of his own desperate need, shocked that he had been so distracted from it by his desire to please his partner. He looked up at Derek, drinking in the delicious sight he was being granted. 

"You are so gorgeous," Paul almost didn't recognize his own husky voice. Paul loved Derek's response of blushing and nibbling his bottom lip shyly. Encouraged by Derek's reaction, Paul continued, "I have never wanted anyone as bad as I want you, I honestly can't believe how much it turned me on getting you off." Paul settled his hands on Derek's hips and began to grind into him languidly, before growling out, "Before we're done tonight, I'm going to watch you squirt all over that silky skin." Derek's eyes widened with shock as he sucked in a quick breath. Paul smiled at him deliberately when he saw his lovers penis twitch and lengthen further, and felt his own cock throb against its tight confines. 

Paul watched as Derek's face transformed from shocked innocence to tantalizingly seductive, as his hands slid to Paul's buttoned shirt. With a coy smile Derek grasped it and ripped it open, sending a spray of buttons pinging around the room. It was Paul's turn to stare at his lover with wide eyes, as Derek moaned and raked his fingers through the soft fur decorating Paul's chest. Derek leaned forward and rubbed his face in it, once again reminding Paul of a cat. 

"Ummmmm," Derek was moaning, as he followed the path of hair down Paul's ripped stomach and stopped, nudging and rubbing the thinner trail leading under the waist of Paul's jeans. Paul was finding it increasingly difficult not to thrust his hips off the bed, as Derek nibbled and kissed all around his waistline. When Paul felt Derek's teeth scrape into the V that crossed over Paul's hipbone, he lifted them both of the bed with his involuntary jerk.

"Mmmmm," Paul heard himself moan, as Derek concentrated on the sensitive area he had discovered. Paul was running his fingers through soft black hair and moaning and groaning at the sensation of Derek's teasing tongue and nipping teeth. He felt like he was being eaten alive in the most delicious way. When Derek's hands moved to the top button of his jeans, Paul prayed he wouldn't erupt and embarrass himself. Paul watched as Derek loosed each button and peeled the jeans down his thighs. Once they were dropped on the pile of clothes already on the floor, Derek moved to tug off Paul's shirt.

Paul sat up to help the process, and once it was done, he captured Derek's lips for a long, hard kiss. When he felt Derek's hands pushing him down once more, he obeyed their prompting and lie back. Paul could see Derek staring at the bulge that was tenting Paul's boxers, and he felt himself twitch when Derek unconsciously licked his lips. Without any warning, Paul felt Derek grab his boxers and yank them down his legs to toss them with their other discarded clothes. 

Paul heard Derek swallow audibly before saying, "Wow. You're really big," with a shaky voice. Derek wasn't sure if it was fear or nervousness, but he wanted to reassure Derek. He knew from the past that the sheer size of his thick, nine inch cock was enough to cause his partner more that a little trepidation. Paul was suddenly grateful that he had never gone all the way with anyone as he tenderly brushed his fingers down Derek's face.

"I would never hurt you, or force you to do anything you don't want." Paul kept his voice soft and serious. 

"I know."

That was the only thing Derek said before scooting down to lie on his stomach between Paul's thighs, the same position Paul had been in earlier tonight. Paul felt Derek's hands on his legs and he allowed Derek to move Paul's legs into a bent position. Paul watched as Derek studied Paul's pulsing length, and when his hot fingers encircled it gently Paul let out a long low groan. When he felt the soft lips envelop his wet tip he locked his hands behind his head to keep from thrusting Derek's head onto his cock. Derek began to sweetly torture Paul's member with soft licks from the base to the head. In some small part of Paul's brain that was still rational, he realized Derek probably knew he wouldn't last through any serious pressure or sucking. Derek continued to lick up and down Paul's cock while moaning, occasionally stopping to suck on the inside of Paul's thighs before turning his attention back to Paul's waiting cock. 

"Oh Baby, that's so good. Ohhh, yes. Just like that," Paul could hear himself letting out an unending stream of almost unintelligible encouragement. When Derek began slowly trying to work Paul's length into his mouth he could feel himself getting dangerously close. "Derek, Baby, you need to stop," he said in warning. Paul felt the vibrations of Derek's ragged moan run through his cock and straight into his balls. At the same time Derek began sucking in earnest and stroking in time with his hand that was wrapped around the length that he hadn't been able to fit in his mouth. Paul thrust his hips off the bed, raising Derek with him as he felt the heat of his cum burst into Derek's waiting mouth. "Derek! Oh yeah, Derek!" Paul shouted as he unloaded over and over. He watched as Derek swallowed as much he could. Despite Derek's efforts, Paul could see some of the milky fluid leaking from around the edges of Derek's lips. 

Even though Paul had just had a gut wrenching orgasm, the sight of his cum on Derek's mouth brought another rush of heat to his cock. Derek pulled away and Paul knew his lover had felt Paul's flagging member harden again. Derek was kneeling between Paul's legs and gaping at Paul with incredulous eyes and cum trickling down his chin. Paul could see Derek's own bobbing erection oozing pre cum everywhere. Paul moved up the bed, where he could lean back against the headboard, and lifted Derek onto his lap; in this position Derek face was on the same level as Paul's. Paul leaned forward and licked the cum from around Derek's mouth before giving Derek a deep tongue thrusting, soul scorching kiss. When Derek sucked the cum off of Paul's tongue, Paul felt another shot of heat straight to his crotch. 

While Derek moaned and sucked on his tongue, Paul reached between them and wrapped one of his hands around their cocks, pinning them together as he spread around lubrication from their weeping tips. Derek gasped and released Paul's tongue from the suction of his mouth. Paul took the opportunity to capture Derek's top lip and worry that sensitive piercing with his own tongue, as he moved his left hand to squeeze one perfect globe of Derek's ass. Paul kneaded Derek's ass cheek, and began encouraging him to thrust against the hand that was stroking their throbbing dicks together. He released Derek's mouth and reveled in the look of abandon on Derek's face as he began riding Paul wantonly. 

Paul loved the feeling of their hot members thrusting against each other. He hungrily watched his lover's reactions, as Derek dug his fingers into Paul's shoulders to help slide himself back and forth in Paul's lap. Paul released the grip on Derek's ass and slipped his fingers into Derek's mouth. Paul groaned and squeezed his right hand tighter around their cocks, as Derek began sucking and licking Paul's index and middle finger while gazing into Paul's eyes. Derek began to suck Paul's fingers and thrust against Paul's hand in a teasing rhythm. 

Suck. 

Thrust. 

Suck. 

Thrust. 

Suck. 

Thrust. 

Paul matched it by pushing his fingers into Derek's mouth as he sucked, and squeezing his hand when Derek thrust against him.

Push. 

Squeeze. 

Push. 

Squeeze. 

Push. 

Squeeze.

Paul was sweating, grunting, and groaning. Derek was gasping, moaning, and quivering. 

Paul could feel his orgasm building over what seemed like hours of this torturous ride, and he was desperately fending it off, wanting to come with Derek. Suddenly Derek's sucking and thrusting lost its rhythm, and Paul quickly moved his saliva slick fingers to Derek's twitching entrance. The instant Paul pushed his middle finger into Derek's clenching heat, Derek came undone. Paul watched as the first spurt landed on Derek's smooth chest. Paul added a blast of his own when Derek screamed, "Paul!" and felt Derek's inner muscles grasping his finger. Shot after shot flew from the heads of both their cocks as Paul pumped them violently, reveling in the way Derek thrust against him greedily, digging his fingers into Paul's shoulders and arms. Paul didn't stop pumping his fist or finger until Derek collapsed against him, utterly spent. He slipped his finger from Derek's body, and Derek issued a low moan against Paul's neck. Paul cuddled the limp form in his lap, tracing lazy patterns on Derek's back, as they basked in the afterglow. 
