 I knew I was gay from the age of fourteen, I had been fantasising and looking at the men on the television, never the woman. I felt like a freak, a total and utter freak of nature. That was until I met Ben, he made me realise that I wasn't something out of a horror movie waiting around the corner, waiting to gnarl a small boy with my manhood, making him cry for his mother. Instead I felt like I belonged somewhere, and that was with Ben. 

I'm eighteen now and am basically as horny as they come, a sexually frustrated teenager who has a crush on his best and only friend. I couldn't believe it, Ben appeared in most of my fantasises, It was unbelievable how he had turned form my role-model into something more ... and I hoped he didn't know, I couldn't bare it if he knew that I fancied him, or even that I thought of him that way. I sigh to myself, knowing that life is just difficult, I never go out and I don't smoke or drink, my parents did teach me something, even if it wasn't how to be straight. 

"John!" I hear someone calling my name, the beautiful English pronunciation hitting my ears, I know its Ben, he never says hey or hi, it's always John. Sometimes it makes my heart shudder and beat faster, knowing that the person I wanted was nearby ... was calling for me. Seeing him enter my room sent a shiver down my spin, he was wearing what I called his pulling outfit, tight light blue skinny jeans, a blue tank top showing his one tattoo of the milky way, he was quite a nerd ... a rather hot nerd I always thought. And the one thing that made me shiver, his black and silver starred silk scarf wrapped around his neck, the one leg hanging down his barely concealed chest. 

"Hey Ben." I say, voice barely above a whisper as I watch his movements as he walks to my bed. "What you doing here?" I ask him, still kind of confused as to why he would be wearing his 'pulling' outfit and not be out their pulling some bloke. He was like me, a virgin as well yet he knew how to tease a man and get his ways with him without being breached or shagging the man. I think he only kisses and gives blow jobs if I'm honest, I have never heard him brag, he just says what he has done and that is the end of it, we share everything, even when we masturbate, we share what had happened to make us want to. Some would assume us to be boyfriends, but we're not. 

"I wondered if you wanted to come out to the park with me ..." Ben asked me, I was rather shocked if I'm honest. In all our years of knowing each other he hadn't once asked me to go with him to the park, it had always been his other friends, I was jealous, I can admit that. But now? I was shocked out of my mind. "I mean you don't have to, I was just wondering you know cause I kinda like you ya know, like really like you." 

"Uh ..." I couldn't say anything, my mouth was open yet no words seemed to escape, I figured I looked like a goldfish, mouth hanging and bobbing open, trying to speak yet unable to get the words out. I clear my throat and try again. "Uh, yeah I would love to." I say and give him my best ever smile, the one I only reserve for times when I am too overjoyed to be able to say much. 

Once getting to the park we made our way to the grassy area where the kids tend to play football and rugby. I like it here at night time, it is always quite and you get a sense of belonging with the hooting of the owls and the sounds the trees make as the wind blows through them. I smile and lay down our blanket, knowing that we were not going to sit down on a rather muddy field and risk our parents having a go because our clothes need an extra spin in the washing machine. 

"Sit down!" Ben shouted at me, pulling me by the hem of my rather large t-shirt. I fell into a rather muddy piece of grass, having missed the blanket by at least 3 yards. Pouting I give him the finger, knowing he will only laugh and tell me not to dirty the blanket. "Get them dirty things off!" He says to me, I blush yet so as he tells me, slowly removing my dirtied trousers, putting them to the side of the blanket and putting my coat over my legs, just in case anyone was to walk by.

"I feel ... exposed." I say, blushing so hard my face turns pink along with my neck and arms, I haven't ever been this naked in public, I had been brought up to never walk around half dressed in a public area. But I swear Ben is changing me, and I assume it is for the better. I can see Ben blushing slightly and I know something is going on inside his head, I am nervous yet excited at the same time. Part of me wonders whether it's the chance I've been waiting for or whether he is going to tell me he has this stunning new boyfriend, one I would love to meet. 

"Can I uh ... make love to you?" He asks me, making me blink at the full moon and look at him. Wondering if I heard him correctly I make him repeat his words to me again. I'm flabbergasted, and I am the goldfish again, mouth moving with no words coming out. So I just nod, knowing that he will know that I couldn't speak for shock. He smiled and leans in to kiss me, my palms are so sweaty by now that I feel if I put them down they will just slide, so I keep them clung to my chest, as I let our lips touch and melt together, almost like we were born for each other.

I moan a little as Ben leans over me, making me lay down on the tartan blanket my grandmother had given me from Scotland. He licks over my neck, while hauling my t-shirt from my chest. I blush when it is off, knowing I am nearly fully exposed to him. I have never felt so scared and happy at the same time in my life. I bush yet again when I feel my boxers being tugged down my legs, revealing my full 6 inch cock for all it was worth, standing saluting Ben. I can see him grin as he eagerly gets rid of his own clothes, I gasp when his boxers comes off. I knew how big he was, a whopping 10 inches, but I never thought it would look that big! 

"Am I gonna be able to take that?" I ask him, blushing even more now I have asked the question I have asked myself so many times in my fantasises. I feel stupid for it, he just smiled and nods at me, reassuring me that I can, and if I find it too sore to tell him. I agree and we kiss again, tongues battling for dominance and hips thrusting together, both our hard cocks rubbing against each other, sending pleasure spiralling up our spins. I moan into his shoulder when our kiss stopped, he knew what I wanted and I knew what he wanted, which is what we got. He pulled a small bottle of lube from his coat pocket and warmed a little up n his fingers before opening my legs up wide. I moan when I feel his index finger play with my tight hole, rubbing it before slipping inside of me, I gasp and arch up slightly, moaning from the small amount of pain from being breached to the pleasure of his finger inside of me.

When Ben is done preparing me, my face is red and I am moaning like there is no tomorrow, I never thought that having yourself probed by someone else would be as great as this, it seemed I was wrong. I watch him lube up his cock after putting a condom on, I insisted. Ben rests the head of his cock at my entrance, I moan an push back a little, it encourages him enough to slip the head inside of me, not going any further as I wince with the pain. "God!" I wince harder, yet relax as it subsides and pleasure takes over, after that its a dawdle. He slips the rest of his cock inside me, up to the hilt. I'm moaning and wriggling, the feeling I have is one of fullness, I have never felt like this before! 

I cling to Ben's shoulders as he fucks me gently, lovingly at first, yet starts off a harder rhythm, obviously going from a song in his own head. I can't take it for much longer as he reaches between us and takes my cock into his hand, spreading the pre-cum so my member is nice and wet for stroking. I moan an arch up harder than before, rubbing both our sweaty chests together, I'm panting and moaning his name, crying out sometimes when he hits that special spot inside me, making me shiver and moan. Finally, I arch up as he slams inside me, hitting that spot again so I cry out and cum, moaning his name as I convulse with the orgasm he has just given me. As I come down from my high, it is met with Ben's orgasm flooding inside of my, I moan loudly as I feel it spurting in me, Ben still thrusting, obviously lost in his own orgasm, like I was a few minutes ago. 

After a few minutes of laying there, Ben pulls out of me, making me moan as I regain the feeling of emptiness, now I know that I will only be truly happy when I'm with Ben in our special moments. I cuddle up to him, content for now, not caring if anyone sees, or what I say. "I love you." I whisper, unaware until I feel him kiss my hair and say it back to me, I smile, knowing I now have a boyfriend that I love. 

Getting to my place I put my trousers in the washing machine while Ben makes himself at home in my bedroom, no doubt looking for dirty magazines and cum stains on my bed. I give a little chuckle at the thought, yet when I go into my bedroom, it is to find a ring-box laying on my bed. Curious I go over, opening it I gasp to find a silver ring, with my name on it. I'm too shocked for words to even shout for Ben and tell him some random stalker has gotten into my bedroom. 

"It's for you babe, its a promise ring. I have one, it's to promise we won't ever cheat or leave each other." Ben says to me, I'm tearing up, I can feel it and see it yet I nod and hug him with the strength I have left in me tonight. Letting him slip the ring on my finger I kiss him gently, secure in the knowledge that me and Ben will be together for a long time, at least its what I believe ... it's what I hope.