 I've been fantasizing about a gay experience for ages, so i finally decided to do something about it.

I met him through craigslist, explaining that I've never been with a man and would like to try it. He said he'd picks me up at mine. I answered the door to him in what he asked me to wear, just sweat pants, t-shirt, shoes and no underwear. "Just have to grab my wallet from the other room" i say. "Don't worry about that, I'll drop you back off at yours after were done" He said.

We pull up to a some apartment block, we walk into the foyer, he waves to the security guard and they both give each other knowing smiles as we head to the lift, i don't notice which floor he selects. When we get to his, he showed me into the front room, straight away he puts me on my knees. "Now, slut," he said "Here's how it's going to be. I give the orders, you take them. Understand?"

I nodded slowly, starting to imagine what might be in store for me. As I'm looking up at him his hand moves to the back of my head where he grabs a handful of my hair,he tells me to un-zip him and take out his cock, hes holding me so close to his groin that when i finally pull down his boxers his cock falls out and hits me on the forehead, its huge, at least 8 inches long, and very thick, he starts to slap my face with his dick. Suddenly he stops and slams his cock into my throat. I could taste it on my tongue as he held my head firmly and started to pump his thick meat in and out of my mouth. I started drooling around it and moaning as he hit the back of my throat, causing me to gag.

"Mmmm, that's it, slut" he moaned " I knew you'd be a good little piece of ass when I saw you." Suddenly, he forced my head all the way down, and slammed his cock up into my mouth. His cock forced into my throat and I started to gag again fighting to get some air around the throbbing invader. I pushed at his hips, but he held me firmly.

"Mpppgghhhhh..." I moaned, desperately trying to breathe.

"Just relax, you little cunt, you'll get used to it". He reached down with one hand to slap my ass and my body jerked forward, seating him even more deeply in my throat. He pulled out and I gasped and coughed as he swiftly shoved it all the way back in. For what seemed like hours, he mercilessly fucked my throat, giving me just enough time to gasp for air. After a time I could take it all the way into my mouth without choking and I could feel my nose grind into his pelvic bone with every thrust.

He finally pulled out of my mouth. I slumped over to the side exhausted,but he grabs my head again, i thought he wanted me to keep sucking, but it was my face he wanted to splatter, not my throat. He held my hair and aimed straight for my eyes. He hit my left eye before I could shut them. It hurt but he kept shooting. He covered my young face with his thick cum, it was in my hair, my eyes, even up my noise. It was dripping off my face on to my cloths. All he does is laugh and say "I like my sluts frosted."

As I'm struggling to even see, he walks round behind me, push me onto all fours and pulls down the sweat pants.

I knew what was coming and I felt like a bitch in heat as I heard him spitting on my ass. I felt his cock head at my ass and he muttered "This'll probably hurt a little" as he started to push forward against my virgin asshole. The pressure of his cock increases.

Just as his cock pushed into my virgin ass, I realize that hes going to fuck me bareback, I screamed and wiggled my hips, not sure if I wanted him to pull out or give me more. It didn't matter as he grabbed hold of my hips, saying "don't worry you'll love it you Lil slut." and continued to rape my ass with his engorged cock. I was whimpering incoherently as his cock slowly slid inch by inch into my tender ass. 

Finally he forced himself all the way into my ass, I felt his balls slap against my thighs softly. They felt heavy and warm. It felt like his cock was going to come out of my mouth he was so deep in me. It hurt, but felt good at the same time. "At long last," he said "Now, hang on." he started to pull his cock out of my ass. "No, please, more" I screamed in my head as he left just the tip of his cock in and slammed it back into me.

I shrieked in pain and pleasure as he began to truly fuck me. My head was spinning as his cock slammed deep into my rectum and forced it's way back out. I wiggled my hips and slammed my body back at him, trying to get more of it in me.

"Who's little bitch are you?' He asked grunting as he thrust deep into my ass.

"Whaaa...." I moaned, stunned.

His cock stopped pistoning in and out of my ass. Punctuating each syllable by slapping my ass he asked "Who's...little...bitch...are...you?"

Understanding, I moaned "Oh god, your, yours, please fuck me, fuck me hard and deep." I whimpered forcing my hips backwards, trying to get his cock deep into my ass again.

He backed off causing me to moan "Beg for it, whore." He said cruelly.

"please fuck me!! Fuck me anytime, anywhere, just please fuck my ass!! I screamed.

He plunged it deep into me again, pounding my hole even harder, I could feel it stretching my ass wide open as I gripped him and tried to get it deeper and deeper.

"Cum for me, cunt, I want to see you cum." he said as he reached around to stroke my cock furiously. My cum spattered onto my sweatpants that have been bunched under me the whole time, I moaned feeling his cock swell inside of me. I had never cum so much in my life as I clenched my ass around his throbbing cock. With a shout, just as I finished Cumming, he starts to cum deep in my ass, grunting loudly. I feel shot after shot of his thick hot cum hitting the inside of my ass. He came for a long time and just stayed in my ass until he became soft. As he pulls out i can feel his cum running down on my legs.

I lay there, exhausted, face down with my ass still in the air, my ass open and fucked raw, my insides and my face dripping with his cum. He patted me on the ass, chuckled and called me "Daddy's little slut".

After a couple of minutes he seems to recover, he roughly drags me to my feet, pulls up my sweatpants, drags me to the door, at this point he said "ill give you a ring the next time I feel like a fuck" and roughly throws me out. I lie there for a minute in the hall, still completely exhausted. When i finally pull myself up, I can barely stand or talk, hes fucked my throat and ass raw.

So there I am standing in the middle of a hall in an apartment block with no money, no way home and his cum drying on my face, in my hair and leaking out of ass to stain my back of my sweat pants.

I realize I've been used like some whore . . . and i loved it.