 Thank you everybody for your comments on the first chapter. They were very encouraging. Here's Chapter 2, hopefully you won't be disappointed.

*

So after the whole 'kiss' episode I did the mature thing and instead of confronting my feelings I made it my mission to avoid Alex at all costs. I was the last one in and the first one out of class and I made sure that I was either in bed "sleeping" before or after Alex was. I managed to keep this going for a good few weeks.

Inevitably Alex accosted me. 

"Have I done something to upset you?" He asked solemnly. His eyes were downcast and I felt like the smallest person in the world for making him look so sad.

"No"

"It's just that ever since I told you about my brother you seem to be avoiding me. I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable. I just needed someone to talk to and I thought..." He trails off miserably.

I feel like a right bastard now so I put my arm around his shoulders and smile charmingly. "I'm glad you could talk to me about your...um...feelings. I feel like I know you better now." 

And now I want you.

"And I haven't been ignoring you; I've just been really busy with work. English isn't exactly my best subject so I've been putting in extra hours."

I feel bad for lying to him considering all I have to do is ask him for help if I really need it. The look of relief on his face, however, is enough to assuage my guilt. In an attempt to quash his fears I ask him if he wants to go out somewhere tonight. Before the words are even out of my mouth I regret them instantly. The thought of spending an entire night with him; watching him dancing and gyrating to music already has my heart drumming with anticipation and my groin tingling. I don't think I can make it through the night. Already graphic images of me slamming him against a wall, grinding myself into his stomach and raping his mouth with my tongue are insinuating themselves into my mind.

"That'd be great!" he says enthusiastically.

"OK, I'll see you later then"

*

Alex and I are going out, I think as I stand in the shower. The water soothes my body if not the turmoil of my mind. My thoughts wander to Alex and those satiny lips. My cock hardens almost instantly. I rove my hands over my stomach and up my chest grazing my fingers lightly over my nipples. They stiffen immediately and I gasp in arousal. My other hand gropes down desperately and I grasp my swollen cock, pushing the foreskin back, revealing the shiny head. I run a finger over my slit and am rewarded with an outpouring of precum. I stroke my shaft imagining my hand is Alex's. I jack myself harder moaning his name. 

"Stroke me harder, Alex" I groan "You feel so fucking good."

My balls start to tighten so I run two fingers over the mushroom head of my cock gathering the precum leaking there and push them hurriedly into my arse. I bite my lip to keep from screaming as my fingers stretch my arsehole maddeningly, making my cock swell to even greater proportions. I pump my cock and fingers furiously, seeking my orgasm. Conjuring up an image of Alex; his soft mouth locked around my cock, whilst my fingers stroke my prostate, pushes me over the edge. My back arches, eyes rolling into the back of my skull and my arse clenches tightly on the fingers buried there. My cock explodes, gushing streams of thick cum onto the shower floor. My knees buckle as my balls empty and I find myself on the shower floor groaning loudly, waiting for the aftershocks of my orgasm to pass. 

Steadying myself, I finish washing and exit the shower on unsteady legs. I open the door and I'm startled to find Alex.

"How long have you been here?" I manage to choke out, nervously.

"I just got here. Are you okay? You seem a bit anxious. You still want to go, right?" He queries; mistaking my fear of being overheard for me having second thoughts.

I assure him I do and thank God that I jacked off in the shower otherwise I would've been rock hard at the sight of him. He's wearing a tight black t-shirt outlining sexy broad shoulders and a lithe chest. His jeans are black too and I barely manage to pull my eyes away from where his cock is concealed before I completely humiliate myself. His hair's falling in waves over his forehead, partially covering one eye and he's looking up at me innocently from beneath beatific long lashes. For a moment I'm mesmerised. It's all I can do not to rip off his clothes and bury myself between his svelte, slender thighs. 

"Earth to Seth." He teases amicably. "Are you going to get dressed or not?"

He's smiling now and I'm wildly embarrassed that he's somehow become aware of the obscene desires running through my mind. I dress quickly conscious of him across the room and then we're off. 

"Jack's having a party at his place so we're going there, alright?"

"Alright"

When we get to the party I can tell he's nervous. He's not keen on leaving my side and when I finally manage to convince him that he'll be fine, he makes it a point to stay by himself. (There goes my fantasy of watching him gyrate!) I, however, am there to have a good time and proceed to dance with anyone who'll have me. About an hour of dancing and eight cans of beer later I take a break and am dismayed to discover I can't see Alex. I stumble around looking for him and eventually come across him in the garden where he's taken off his shoes, rolled up his trousers and is dangling his feet in the pool.

"Wassup Alex?"

He ignores me. For some reason (well, other than the alcohol) this riles me and I grasp his arm.

"Don't ignore me!" I thunder.

He scoffs and shrugs my hand off. "The last time I checked you weren't the one who got ditched." He imparts this sarcastically, the sentence dripping with venom.

I'm shocked. I didn't think shy Alex could do sarcasm. Inexplicably my cock twinges with desire and I want him even more.

"You're all let downs. It doesn't matter if you're fathers, brothers or friends." He says bitterly. "You all leave me eventually."

With that he stands up, puts on his shoes and tears out of the garden and through the house. I'm a little slow from the alcohol but I run after him regardless.

"Alex! Alex!"

I can see him as he runs wildly through the front door and into the street. I'm calling his name repeatedly but he refuses to stop. He runs blindly into the road. I see the car before he does and suddenly I'm gripped by panic and fear. Pained by all the things I haven't been brave enough to stay to him. 

"Alex! Car! Stop goddamit! Stop!"

He sees it but he's already in its path and it's too late for him to stop. The car looms closer and closer and...

...There's a sickening crunch and Alex cries out as he hits the ground hard on his back. His leg's at an awkward angle and there's blood pooling around his head. 

"Alex!" I'm in tears now, practically hysterical. "Oh God, Alex!"

His hand reaches for my face and he whimpers brokenly, "Don't leave me." A tear slides from the corner of his eye and his hand falls listlessly to the ground.

Cradling him, I stroke his forehead, pushing aside his blood soaked hair and whisper into his ear, "I won't ever leave you, Alex. I love you."