 Thank you everybody, once again for the feedback. Sorry this chapter has taken so long to be forthcoming but University is not as easy going as I'd expected. Deadlines, deadlines, deadlines! Anyways, here's the next chapter. Enjoy. 

*

"Alex! Car! Stop goddamit! Stop!" 

Too late. 

The sickening crunch, the pool of blood, the crumpled form, those pleading words. 

Alex.

I'm awake instantly. Sweat soaking my clothes; tears streaming down my face as I remember. Rubbing at my tears, I look up from my vigil by Alex's bedside and gaze at him. I wince again at the large bandage around his head; the violent bruise that's formed on his cheek. He sustained a split lip, a few bruised ribs and his right leg is supported high in a cast. 

After watching the blood stain his hair and his hand fall from my face to the floor, I was convinced I'd lost him. The minutes seemed to drag by relentlessly as I waited for the ambulance to arrive. Thoughts of words I may never get to say plagued me. I kept stroking his hair; whispering how much I loved him. I didn't care if he couldn't hear; I told him anyway. 

When finally the ambulance arrived and we got to the hospital, he was whisked off to surgery. I paced like a caged tiger in the small waiting room feeling trapped and helpless. The waiting was excruciating, the clock on the wall mocking me tirelessly until I was ready to rip it from the wall and smash it to pieces. Eventually the doctor came in and told me that Alex had suffered a few significant injuries but none were life threatening. I let out a huge rush of breath that I seemed to have been holding in forever; nearly breaking the doctor's ribs when I hugged him in a mixture of relief and gratitude. He smiled kindly at my reaction, and then led me to a room where Alex lay pale and unconscious. 

Looking at him now I'm consumed with guilt. I dragged him to that party and instead of looking out for him; I selfishly left him to his own devices. If it wasn't for me none of this would have happened. Alex wouldn't have been pissed off and he wouldn't have run out into the road and nearly been killed. My eyes well up again and I burrow my head in shame into the sheets on his bed.

"I'm sorry." I choke out, despairingly. "I'm so sorry."

Suddenly there's a hand in my hair, comforting me. "Sorry for what?" A hoarse voice whispers.

I raise my head and stare at him. He's awake. My Alex is awake and yet my voice has deserted me. His green eyes are looking at me intensely, searing my soul. 

"Sorry for what?" He repeats.

"I'm sorry for abandoning you at the party. If I hadn't left you, then you wouldn't have got mad and run into the road and..."

"Been hit by a car?"

"Right" I confirm miserably.

"Don't feel guilty, Seth. It wasn't your fault. I was looking forward to going out with you and I guess I was a bit jealous when you went off and had fun without me. Anyways the car didn't kill me. I'm alive aren't I?"

Through my tears (God, I'm becoming a right wimp) I realise something. Alex was jealous. Jealous? What does that mean? Before I can enquire, Alex's hand moves from my hair to my face; thumbing away my tears. 

"Don't cry, Seth. I'm fine. I promise."

*

I'm still pondering on Alex's confession of jealousy a week later. I'm really confused now. I love him but his feeling towards me, I've yet to decipher. Is he jealous because I left him to socialise with other people? Or is he jealous I didn't grind and dance the night away with him? And what's all this talk about people leaving him? I couldn't leave him if I tried. 

(Took you long enough to work that out, Sherlock. I think, sarcastically. Maybe you should tell him that sometime.)

We've become really close now that he's dependent on me. I change his bandages, make sure he takes his pills and escort him to and from our classes. I know his favourite colour is black; his favourite films are The Godfather trilogy, he adores white chocolate and he wants to be a writer. This routine continues for a few months; my knowledge about him growing ever larger. And for every day of those months I convince myself that I'll tell him again how I feel, how much he means to me but everyday I find an excuse not to. (Basically I'm a coward when it comes to admitting emotion.)

Eventually Alex is almost back to his old self. His bruises have disappeared but he still needs a weekly visit to the physiotherapist for his ribs and leg. After a particularly strenuous session we return home and he collapses onto his bed and promptly wipes out. I get a basin of warm soapy water and wash him down. Trying not to upset his ribs too much I pull off his t-shirt and slowly and meticulously wash his torso. I feel the hard planes of his muscles under his skin whilst I wash away his sweat. I pass the wash cloth over his nipples wanting to linger but not daring to and then move to clean his underarms. Once I've finished with his upper body, I remove his tracksuit bottoms and boxers. My eyes devour him; my breathing becomes deeper and more erratic as I struggle for control. I start from his ankles, rubbing the cloth over his perfect calves and up to his silky thighs. I'm fascinated by the contrast of his solid thighs and his smooth hairlessness. Eventually I reach his crotch using the flannel to cleanse his sac. I massage his orbs gently cleaning away all the sweat accumulated there. Proceeding to his cock I cleanse quickly too, less I give into temptation. Once I'm finished I put him in a clean pair of boxers, a t-shirt and decide to go for a walk to cool down and clear my head.

I leave and walk aimlessly eventually settling on a bench in the park. I sit watching the happy couples passing by (Fucking typical considering how shit I feel), the wind lifting the leaves on the trees; wondering what to do about Alex. I nearly lost him and still I can't muster the courage to tell him how I feel. Sometimes I feel like he knows from the way he looks at me but other times I'm convinced it's just my imagination. I find it ironic that I can take on an entire team of giant muscled men when playing rugby but when it comes to I opening my mouth to tell someone how much they mean to me, I clam up. Suddenly anger rears its ugly head and I'm livid with myself. I can't believe I'm being such a stupid prick. Alex nearly died and I don't even have the balls to tell him how I feel. I propel myself off the bench and head home determined to tell him exactly how I feel. At the same time I'm praying frantically that he doesn't reject me. 

I don't think I could bear that. 

I head home, hand trembling as I put the key in the lock. I'm greeted by Alex still in his boxers. I gulp audibly.

"Hey where have you been?" He asks, smiling.

"For a walk. I need to talk to y-" He interrupts me.

"Before you finish I just want to say thank you for looking after me (Cute. He's blushing) and so to show my appreciation I've got us a meal." He's beaming at me. "I've bought your favourite. Chinese."

All thoughts of confession are stalled temporarily as my stomach grumbles in reply. "OK, thanks." I say grudgingly.

I eat dinner like I'm partaking in the last supper. After this Alex may never want to see me again so I savour his company trying to eat as slowly as possible. 

"You OK, Seth? Is your food alright?"

"It's great." I reply. 

We eat in companionable silence. Once we're done Alex wants to watch a film. It's an action movie which usually I'd love but today I'm too preoccupied to enjoy it. Time passes and eventually the film finishes. Alex turns off the T.V and retires to bed. I pass him a glass of water and his pills then go to the bathroom. Splashing water on my face; I look at myself in the mirror, taking deep calming breaths.

I 

He doesn't answer so I try again. "Alex?" 

Ok, this was not how I envisaged this happening. He's supposed to be awake, but I decide to confess all anyway. Maybe subconsciously he'll hear me. (Sure)

"Well..." And before I can stop myself, the words are pouring from my heart, out of my mouth. 

"I'm glad I met you and that you're my roommate. I'm glad you can talk to me about your family, your likes and your dislikes, your life. I'm really grateful you didn't die in that accident because if you had I wouldn't have been able to live with myself." I tell him he's everything I want, everything I need. I love him. The words keep coming, flowing over one another in my haste to get them out. Eventually I wilt beside his bed; spent. 

"I love you so much, Alex." I kneel and place my lips upon his.

Immediately I'm startled by a hand snaking its way into my hair and I feel Alex's tongue rub against my own. I pull away, panting.

"Do you know how long I've been waiting for you to do that?" He whispers against my lips, his breath caressing them, making me shudder.

"You were awake that whole time!" I exclaim, disbelievingly. Then the full meaning of his words hits me. "You have feelings for me too?" I ask dumbly.

He laps at the corner of my mouth and says, "Of course I do, you idiot. Why do you think I got upset and nearly ended up 6 feet under? I was jealous and wanted you to spend all your time with me and well, you didn't." He confesses. 

"Do you think I'd spill my emotions to anybody? And I don't just let anyone kiss me you know." He teases.

I switch on the lamp and grin down at him, losing myself in those emerald pools. I move next to him and remove my t-shirt. I rest my back against his headrest and position him to straddle my thighs.

"Can I kiss you again?" I ask, desperately aroused.

"You can do more than that." He husks, gazing at me shyly. 

I groan and claim his mouth, licking at his soft full lips, tasting him, lusting him, wanting him. I kiss him harder; parting his lips easily and massaging his tongue with mine. Eventually we pull apart for breath and he sighs into my neck, contentedly. 

God. I really do love him.

Hot breath against my ear, he says simply, "I know. I heard you the first time." 

Did I just speak aloud? "Heard me?" 

"Just before I passed out after being hit by the car. You promised you'd never leave me and you said "I love you.""

"You heard me and you didn't say anything?" I'm slightly outraged.

Grinding his crotch into mine he lowers his head and begins trailing kisses up my chest.

"After the hospital and all the drugs I figured I'd imagined it. You never said anything afterward or gave me any signs so I didn't want to risk ruining our friendship. I'd rather have had you as a friend than nothing at all."

"Oh God." I groan as his tongue laves my nipples "You should have told me. I've been agonising for months."

"No more talking." He growls around my nipple, eliciting another groan from my lips. He straightens up and tugs his shirt over his head. "You love me and I love you. Now show me how much."

His admission that he loves me coupled with his demand nearly pushes me over the edge. I run my hands over his torso feeling the sinews of his muscles and carefully push him backwards onto his back. I devour his mouth again, groaning as our tongues collide and we share each others flavour. I leave his panting mouth and slowly kiss my way down his heaving chest. My tongue plays about his lower stomach before dipping into his navel playfully. I follow his pleasure trail to the top of his boxers and stop. Alex bucks his hips frantically as I tease his cock through his boxers with the warmth of my breath. 

"What do you want Alex?"

"I want... I want you to touch..."

"Touch what, Alex?" I lightly graze a finger over the hardness of his cock and watch it jump. He whimpers beneath me; the wet spot on his underwear growing larger. His sensitivity intrigues me and suddenly something occurs to me. 

"Alex. Are you a virgin?"

I hear him murmur something. "Alex?"

"Yes."

I move up his body and look into his face. His eyes are shut tight and his body has gone tense. I run my tongue over his lips and watch his eyes open; filled with apprehension. I move to suck on his earlobe and whisper to him, "I'm going to enjoy corrupting you Alex Storm; your body, especially. I'm going to bury myself into your tightness and listen to you scream for me; scream for more." 

Alex writhes frantically beneath me, begging me wantonly to touch him now. I move swiftly, ripping down his boxers and swallowing his cock to the root in one go. I take his 6" down my throat easily and revel in his sultry moans. His fingers run through my hair; nails scratching my scalp. I raise my head slightly and suction my lips tightly on his cock head, drawing sensations up his shaft. Using my fingers I squeeze gently on his balls eliciting mewls of pleasure from those satiny lips. This continues until his cock is leaking a continuous stream of precum down my throat. I love his salty, slightly bitter taste and engulf him down my throat again. I contract my throat muscles and this pushes him over the edge. He lets out a strangled moan, his fingers tighten in a death grip on my hair and his hips buck uncontrollably; fucking his spurting cock deeper into my throat. Eventually he goes limp and I wait for him to look at me, whereupon I lick my lips wickedly and say, "Hmmmm. You taste good." I watch in amusement as he blushes a deep red.

"You're still hard." He informs me, reaching into my pants. I groan as his fingers wrap themselves around my length. Alex moves his hand away. "What do you want, Seth?" He mimics me tortuously. 

"Don't tease, Alex. Put your hand back; touch me again." I beg. I lean back against the headrest and let Alex strip me of my trousers and boxers. 

We're both naked now and I admire the leanness of his form. Alex straddles me again and wraps his hand around my shaft, stroking up and down softly. I know I won't last if I don't stop him so I pull his hand off my cock and place him on his back again. Crossing the room at lightning speed, I reach into my bedside draw and retrieve the lube and a condom.

Back at the bed I notice Alex has regained his hardness. I spread his legs, pushing his knees up with his feet flat on the bed. I cup his smooth velvety ball sac before taking each smooth sphere delicately into my mouth. I suck gently and am rewarded with a low groan from Alex. After I've laved his balls in saliva, I move down further to his tightly furled flesh. I spread his arse cheeks wide and probe with my tongue at his hole. I circle his sensitive flesh, revelling in his damp cleft. He's tight and it takes a while for me to open him up to take my tongue. I delve into his heat, tasting his musk whilst enjoying him bucking and pushing himself into my face.

"Ugh, Seth... Oh God... that feels soooo good..."

I smile and lube a finger, then push it slowly into his arse. He groans loudly.

"Does that feel good?"

"Yes!" He hisses.

"Do you want another one?"

He nods his head at me desperately so I push another finger along side the other one buried in his arse. His muscles contract around me tightly whilst I slowly fuck his arse with my fingers preparing him for my cock. He feels good; tight and hot and pure sex. Eventually I manage to scissor three of my fingers in his hole and I know he's as ready as he'll ever be. I pull him up, straddling me again and kiss him roughly. 

"It's time for me to fuck you properly now." I say, opening the condom.

"Wait." He says halting my hand. "I want to feel you inside me, without a condom." He lowers his eyes. "I want you to feel you come inside me."

I growl, tossing the condom to the floor and spread his arse cheeks. I insert the tip of my cock into his hole and push him down onto my cock watching his face contort as he descends.

"Am I hurting you?"

"No." And I gasp in a mixture of shock and pleasure as he pushes himself fully down onto my cock, letting out a scream as he forces me to bottom out inside him. 

"You, okay?" I gasp in concern.

"Yes." He's breathing rapidly into my neck as his muscles flutter around me in protest. I wait for him to adjust to my intrusion; stroking my hands up and down his back, kneading out the tension I can feel there. I whisper in his ear encouragement and eventually he lets me know he's ready for me to move.

Groping his arse, I lift him slowly, until the head of my cock grazes his hole then push him down slowly again. He grunts at the movement and I enjoy the feel of his hot, moist rectum engulfing me repeatedly. We continue to move against each other; bodies slick with sweat as we moan and groan and grunt with exertion. Alex pushes himself harder onto my cock with every down thrust making me sigh with pleasure. He's so very tight and it takes all of my willpower not to explode into his arse immediately. His fingers roam over my back and shoulders, eventually reaching my nipples where he proceeds to torture them with his tongue and fingers. He laves at one then the other, biting down gently until I buck beneath him. He blows on them, causing them to grow even stiffer. I can't take any more of his hot mouth so I grasp his hair and force his lips onto mine. I suck at his full lower lip then plunge my tongue into his mouth possessively. He pulls away gasping for breath and my breathing gets harsher as he grabs onto my shoulders, looks me in the eyes and rides me into oblivion. 

"Alex!" I gasp. "You're so fucking tight-"

My breath catches in my throat as he takes the opportunity to clench even tighter on my cock whilst he rides me; watching me intently from hooded slits.

"Oh God, Alex, you're so hot. Do that again." I moan appreciatively.

I rasp as he clenches his tight arse muscles on me again, smiling a mischievous little smile. The feel of his hot, velvet walls massaging my length is driving me crazy. I decide I can't let him do all the teasing so I slow down the pace and change my angle to hit his prostate. I know when I've got it because his face loses its previously mischievous twinkle and instead his eyes roll into the back of his skull, his body jerks and his nails dig into my shoulders, hard, drawing blood. I continue to batter against his prostate, grunting in ecstasy as I watch him writhe and whine against me in pleasure.

"Do you want me to stop?" I mange to breath out.

"No! Your cock feels so big. It's stretching me, making me feel so, ugh, full!"

The pounding of my cock against Alex's prostate has the desired effect; his arse tightens up even more and he starts babbling incoherently. I can't stand the tightness of his sweet arse for much longer so I start thrusting hard up into his arse, seeking completion. Alex grabs his cock and begins to whimper incessantly and I know he's close. I swat his hand away, wanting him to come just from the pounding of my cock. He looks at me confused so I whisper into his ear for him to trust me. He nods his assent and I continue to grind furiously against him. 

"Ride me Alex. That's right baby, ugh, just like that. Do you want to come?"

"Please...please, Seth, please..." He begs desperately.

"Please what?" As I twist his nipples, roughly.

"Let me come..."

I caress his fine arse and smile slyly.

"Beg me." I command.

Alex is gasping and sobbing as I now alternate between caressing and slapping at his tight arse.

"Seth, ugh, please, make me come. I need to come..."

"How much?" I taunt prolonging his agony.

"Real fucking bad!" He gasps unevenly and I'm impressed with his need to use expletives. "I'm begging you, Seth. I have to come...please..." 

"Your wish is my command." 

I re-double my efforts in his hole, slamming his arse down to meet the frenzied thrusts of my cock. His sobbing reaches a crescendo and suddenly his back arches, he lets out an impassioned scream and his cock begins spraying a hot load of thick cream between us, soaking our chests, stomachs and necks. His screaming coupled with the relentless constricting of his impossibly tight muscles causes me to orgasm deliriously. His arched back makes him sink deeper onto me and I thrust violently once, twice, three times into his arse, forcing him take my cock to the deepest parts of him whilst I coat his heavenly core with hot spurts of my cream. I'm howling out rapturously as his arse milks me and sensation overtakes my body. Eventually my hips stop thrusting and Alex collapses limply against my chest, his come gluing us together. 
