 The year anniversary of Esran's death passed quietly, I ordered his favorite Chinese food and sat on the couch next to Max, watching The Big Bang Theory as we ate in silence. He was almost twenty now, and he was starting to grow into himself. His shoulders have filled out and he had gotten taller, but he still stood several inches shorter than me. At 6'5", not many people are taller than me, so it wasn't a big deal. I had been moving up in the company, as had Max, and he had just been appointed to my assistant. I was proud of how far I had come in my short 26 years, only 4 of them at this company, and I loved going in to work every day. 

I wouldn't admit it to myself, but I loved coming home to Max every day even more than that...

So as we sat on the couch eating our sesame chicken and watching the show, I felt myself drawn to him as if by a magnet. I kept my eyes glued to the screen, knowing full well that nobody but Esran had known that I was gay, and knowing that he wouldn't have wanted me feeling so attracted to his younger brother. I couldn't tell Max, of course. While he was stable now, he had still suffered because of the loss of his brother, and I didn't want to change his opinion of me. I was practically his older brother, and I didn't want to scare him off or make him feel uncomfortable. A couple times he asked why I never brought girls over, and I said that I always went to their place because I didn't want to make our studio apartment too crowded. He left it alone after that. I never thought to ask him the same question.

As the show ended and commercials began to run before the next episode, I glanced over at the gentle boy sitting next to me. I had just recently begun to admire his beautiful hands, so strong and capable. His soft brown hair swept lightly over his forehead and his hazel eyes were trained directly on my face.

"What's up man?" I asked, startled.

"Nothing. You just look older is all."

"I look older, have you seen yourself lately?" I joked, pointedly glancing at his tight arm muscles.

"If you came to the gym with me you'd have 'em too!" he replied, flexing his bicep. 

I laughed lightly and propped my feet up on the table, running my fingers through my hair. Suddenly I felt his hand on my knee and I looked at him, startled. He blushed and took his hand away almost immediately.

"I was just wondering if you ever work on your sculptures anymore."

I laughed again, taken aback.

"Max, how did you know I sculpted?"

He gave me a sarcastic look, the green in the center of his eyes burning into my light blue ones with such incredible intensity that I had to look away.

"Dude, Esran talked about you all the time. You were his best friend! He told me about that sculpture you made of him when you were a senior in university."

"Yeah, that one took a while."

"Can I see it?"

"I don't know man. It's kind of..."

"Nude. I know. He told me!"

I sighed and stood up, walking into the kitchen area and taking a box off of the top of the cupboards. I set it on the counter and opened it, gently reaching inside to take out the figurine that I had pored over, poured so many precious hours into. I smiled as I saw the familiar face of my best friend, missing him as the last words he had ever given me echoed through my mind. That letter was still sitting in my nightstand, I hadn't opened it since that day over a year ago.

"Wow, man.. you were really good."

I turned to Max with a slight smile on my face, gently handing him the little statue, 11" tall, every feature painstakingly etched to bring out the life that had emanated from Esran so powerfully. His eyes scanned the features, traced down the sculpted body, and back to the face.

"That's him."

"Yeah."

He handed it back to me and silently went back to sit on the couch as I put the figure back in the box on the cupboard. I looked back at Max, and his face was buried in his hands.

"You okay?"

He looked up at me, pushing his hair away from his eyes.

"Do me."

Electricity jolted through my body. He couldn't mean...

"You want me, too?" I asked quietly.

"Yeah I want you to! You're talented man. I'm sure you haven't lost all that sculpting skill over the years!"

I laughed aloud, feeling an overwhelming mixture of relief and disappointment. I felt ridiculously foolish for misunderstanding the context of his statement.

"Yeah, I'll do you."

"Full nude. Just like Esran."

"Dude, that was for a final. I can do yours with clothes on."

"No. I want it to be just like his. Where is your clay and stuff?"

"In the closet next to the door. It's the box marked 'old art'."

He went to get the box and I pushed the coffee table next to the couch, pulling the kitchen table a little further into the living room space. He set the box down and I opened it as he went to stand next to the couch.

"I have to draw you first, so you can just take your shirt off.." I began, then looked over to see Max standing there fully naked. My eyes tripped over his beautiful body, lingering on his washboard abs. I blushed and turned away before I looked at his manhood, knowing that it was hanging free for me to look at. I felt a twinge in my crotch and adjusted accordingly in my seat to make sure there would be no awkwardness. There was no way I was blowing my cover now. Not over this.

"Uh.. okay.. well.. just stand comfortably I guess."

"Does this make you feel weird?" he asked, and I heard genuine concern in his voice.

"No, man. I just don't want you to be disappointed if my art isn't up to the standard you're expecting."

"Kay. I'll just hang out here then. Do your thing."

The blush on my cheeks began subsiding as I started sketching, outlining his sharp cheekbones and delicate ears, his strong neck and his muscular torso. I then started drawing from his feet, working on his perfect calves and toned thighs. 

"Well, that's enough for now, I guess," I said, putting my pencil down and feigning tiredness. Then he was next to me, his smooth skin inches away from my aching fingers, his breath in my ear as he looked over my shoulder. 

"Yeah, that's good! I like it. You missed something, though."

"What's that?"

I felt him reaching around me, moving my hand off the paper, keeping it gripped tightly. 

"Well, the eyes are good and stuff, but you forgot my favorite feature."

And then I felt the warmth in my hand. I felt the softness, the hardness, and I jumped away as if I had been burned.

"What the hell?" I shouted, trying to turn away so he couldn't see the problem that had almost instantly started in my jeans.

"I just want you to really get a feel for your art," he said, his own hand falling to rest where my eyes ached to be. You're going to sculpt me, it's like you're going to touch it anyway."

"Max, this isn't funny."

"Lexan, I'm not trying to be funny."

"Then put your clothes on. I'm going to bed."

A moment of confusion and movement, and I was pressed against the wall, his eyes boring into mine and his lips inches from my own. I felt my cock growing even harder and I shuddered, trying to pull away from him.

"Alexander, you are not going to bed until you have my permission."

"Max?! The hell?!" I struggled, my cock straining against the material of my jeans. Suddenly his lips were on mine and his tongue was in my mouth and I moaned involuntarily, going weak at his touch. I closed my eyes and then opened them suddenly, snapping back to reality. I pushed him away hard, jumping away from the wall to try to get out to the open space in the room so I could get away if he tried anything. "Are you fucking drunk?!"

"I know you want it. I know you want me. Esran wrote me a letter before he died, and he told me that you like to be with guys. Well I want to be with you."

"You're joking!" I exclaimed, running my fingers through my hair and backing away, the back of my legs bumping against the arm of the couch. In the next moment I was falling and he was on top of me, kissing me hard, straddling me. "Max, you're like my brother!"

"I don't want to be your brother anymore, Lexan. I want to be yours. Every bit of me." And once again he grabbed my hand and put it on his hardness, and I moaned as my cock twitched. "I'm not joking. I want you. I have wanted you since I was a kid. And I'm not a kid anymore and I'm taking what I want."

Silently, I looked up at him, his hazel eyes burning with an intensity I had never seen before. 

'Max's cock.. I'm touching Max's cock...' the thought rang through my head, and my hand instinctively squeezed. A blush came to his cheeks and he kissed me again, harder than before.

"Lexan, every time I have said I love you, I mean I goddamn fucking love you. I love you in a way that makes me burn inside. I've been so happy to be close to you, but I can't take it anymore. I need to be physically close with you. I need to be yours."

"Max, you are mine! You're basically my brot..."

"Don't you fucking dare say brother."

I closed my eyes and my mouth, fighting between aching to take him and not wanting to cross this boundary with a kid I had watched grow up.

"Listen, Lexan, I'm nearly twenty years old. Seven years, dude. I've wanted you for seven years. Just give me this. Just this once. Then you'll never have to see me again."

"No!" I gasped, my heart breaking at the thought of losing him forever. "I'm not letting you go!"

And in that instant my entire life changed. He locked eyes with me and slowly leaned closer, gently pressing his soft lips to mine. My lips parted hesitantly, and then I began kissing him in return, kissing more urgently as I tried to fix the ache that had gripped me when I thought of him going away. Then his hand was at the back of my head, pulling me into him, kissing me deeply, his tongue tangling with mine. I felt the urgency burning in his movements, and I suddenly remembered his cock was in my hand, throbbing and hard. I started moving, so slowly, running my hand up and down the length, my eyes widening as I felt the girth of his cock. 

"Gods, you're huge."

He pulled away for a moment, then gripped my hand with his, encouraging the stroking, speeding up, squeezing harder, his eyes locked with mine.

"I love you, Lexan."

I blushed and turned away, closing my eyes. I opened them again and for the first time looked at the member in my hand. His gorgeous abs melded perfectly into the sexy triangle, his hip and pelvic muscles tensing, and my mouth fell open as I saw his cock. The beautiful head was light pink and the tip just drooling precum, the shaft continuing with sexy veins to nicely trimmed pubes and a heavy, full sack. 

"Fuck." I whispered.

I looked up at him again, realizing that his eyes had never left my face, his cheeks were flushed with pleasure as he pumped my hand on his gorgeous length, and without meaning to, I licked my lips. He smiled for a moment, and then he was kissing me again. I grunted and pushed him up, turning him around and shoving him so he was laying on his back on the couch, his stiff rod sticking straight up into the air, glistening at the tip. I couldn't take it any more, and without looking away from his sweet eyes, I took his cock in my hand and lowered my head, my tongue flicking out to caress the tip. His precum was salty and sweet, and instantly I wanted more. I slammed my head down on his cock, taking a mouthful of him as my left hand began to massage his heavy balls. His back arched off the bed and he nearly screamed in pleasure, but I was off his cock and slamming my mouth down again before his moan could subside.

Up and down, my right hand began rubbing his shaft where my mouth couldn't reach, stroking him as I got his cock wet, slurping and sucking, kissing his swollen head and running my tongue around his sensitive ridge. He closed his eyes and began to breathe more quickly, his fingers curling in my blonde hair, guiding my movements. After I pulled up again, I began to push myself down harder, trying to open my throat to take him in. He moaned and began trembling, pushing my head down hard as I felt him pressed to the back of my throat. I could feel myself almost choking, and my eyes began watering, but I let him hold me there. He relaxed his grip on my hair and I pulled up, gasping for air for a moment before sucking his sweet dick back into my throat, pushing myself down even harder, still not able to take him all the way.

"God, Lexan, you can't! You're gonna make me cum!! It's too soon!"

I smiled and pulled off his cock, crawling up and kissing him deeply before returning to where I had been and kissing the head of his divine cock. 

"Max, it's not too soon. You have no idea how long I have been waiting for this."

With that, my throat was opened and pushing against him again, my fingers massaging and squeezing his full balls, my throat protesting against the large intruder, but then I felt what I was waiting for. Max's body began trembling even harder and I felt his divine balls clench hard, and then I felt the warmth in my throat as he came with a scream that I thought could wake the dead.

"Fuck! OH GOD! LEXAN!!" He cried as he pumped four, five, six loads of his sweetness into my throat and mouth. I sucked the rest out of him and pulled back, swallowing and licking my lips, kissing him as he breathed deeply and trembled, letting him taste himself on my lips.

In a moment he was asleep and I smiled, kissing his forehead. I got a blanket from the floor where he piled them every morning and covered him, watching his cock deflate for a moment. I sighed and walked to the kitchen, grabbing my keys off the counter and leaving the apartment. I didn't know where I was going, but two things were certain.

I had just sucked off the most beautiful boy I had ever known, a kid who had always been a younger brother to me but now could never be that again, and I needed a good drink.