 When I'm horny even as much as a heterosexual male as I am the idea of having another man take me raises its ugly head.

I remember it started so innocently. I don't know how old I was but I know even now that it started with pornography. I loved women and I loved looking at women. It didn't matter if they were white, black, Asian or Latin as long as they had a nice rump and sweet features I'd lay on my stomach rubbing against the sheets with their images before me until I came. 

Soon though it wasn't enough. I went from missionary position to doggy style to spice it up even adding anal images to my sexual appetite but it was only when a tranny snuck up on me that it changed.

I'd have sworn the Asian beauty was a woman if not for the six-inch dick I saw in the last frame. She was a petite thing with long black hair and small cute features. I wasn't looking at her face though I was looking at her butt and it was a delight. I couldn't see or tell anything was amiss until the last picture when I saw the shaved balls and dick and I wasn't disgusted. In fact I was turned on even more.

Rubbing myself on the bed as usual I came to the image of me on her ass taking her with delight.

Over time I'd go from admiring the women to occasionally looking for the one tranny that set me off and brought the naughty orgasm out but then I wanted more.

I had no illusions when I searched out my first gay pictures. I'd seen them before but I'd never actually clicked on a link until one night I was super horny. I'd not jerked off in weeks and sex hadn't come my way in months.

The women weren't doing it and neither were the trannies. I needed something really naughty and found it with a few teen black twinks taking it in the ass and wondered how it would feel.

Lying on the bed naked, I rubbed myself against the sheets hard and fast. I grabbed my ass with my hands and spread them, sliding my fingers wet from sweat td along my crack until a climax rocked me and left me feeling guilty.

What had I just done? I'd just cum with the desire to have someone in my ass.

I didn't masturbate for a week afterwards but the feeling never left me and it wouldn't be long before I was horny again and searching for something to satisfy me and gay porn mixed with what I'd call conventional female fare filled that void until one night when I was out.

It wasn't a gay bar that's for sure but it was a bar open to all. I don't think I'm the type a gay man would approach but apparently I'm wrong. I'm five feet nine inches tall and weigh about one hundred and sixty pounds roughly. 

Not very muscular I consider myself athletic though some of the women I've dated said I have soft features and they like that. I thought little of that as long as I got the ass.

I was horny that night there was no doubt about that and I was merely looking for a hook up with a woman. It was Friday night and all during the week I'd been on the computer and when I got bored on the computer I venture towards the porn.

Yes I have an addiction to it there is no doubt. The addiction though doesn't drive me to purchase subscriptions though I find that useless considering how much free porn is out there and besides the average man only takes about seven minutes to cum so why purchase or download an hour long movie when a few clips will do the job.

If I didn't get a hook up then I'd head back home and deal with it then though usually on Friday's there was always a few to be had mostly the more mature of the crowd and considering my youthfulness they were more likely to be interested I thought.

There wasn't any of that that night however and I felt sure I was leaving alone when he approached me and asked if he could buy me a drink.

Horniness must have been wafting off of me like a cloud of smoke signaling him and drying him my way.

You'd think I would have known then. I'd been watching two women making out on the dance floor earlier and the two lipstick lesbians were hot as shit and I wouldn't have mind joining them. It only served to make me hornier.

When I'm horny my inhibitions drop and I said, "Sure."

I wasn't drugged or anything but before long one drink led to another and late into the night or rather early into the morning we were leaving together heading to his place because it was within walking distance and I was in no position to drive.

How'd he get me back to his place I don't know. All I remember was we talked about everything and all the while we drank. We talked sports, politics, movies, music and of course the two lesbians on the floor who'd been joined by a few eager fellows only to be ignored.

"You don't look good enough to drive," he'd said to me. 

I nodded agreement.

"You should sleep it off at my place. You can walk back get your car later..."

"Good idea."

And off we went.

"You can crash on the couch," he said when we reached his place.

I plopped down on the couch. "Thanks." I said taking him in.

He was about six feet tall and unlike me with brown skin a gift from my African heritage he was white and had blond hair and blue eyes. His hair was short and fit his face nicely. He smiled at me and I wanted him then but I wasn't going to make the move. 

He flipped on the television and asked, "You want anything to drink?"

"Think I've had enough for the night." I said.

He plopped down on the couch sitting at the other end.

It was late at night and the channel was Cinemax and they were busy into their soft-coretd hour.

I turned and found he was watching me. I swallowed hard and moistened my lips. I don't think that's a cue but he made his move. 

He closed the distance between us and kissed me full on the lips hard and hot.

I was hard and hot in my pants and eager to play.

We kissed for I don't know how long but when we broke I had a raging hard on. I'd never kissed another man. I thought it would be gross but it was no different than kissing a woman, soft lips, wet and hot but some stubble. I could live with that.

I automatically reached out and undid his pants pulling them off him like some hungry animal. I'd never sucked a dick but had seen it done and had wondered if I could do it.

He had boxers on and they were gray like the slacks he wore, Dockers I think. I pulled them off, down to his ankles. He kicked them the rest of the way off and lay back on the couch one leg on and one leg off.

His shaft was glistening. It was huge but I always heard from your perspective your dick always looks small until you're up close and I was up close.

I took him in my hand and rubbed slow at first then faster as I moved my head down slowly and took him in my mouth. He was hot in my mouth and pre cum oozed from his shaft.

It was salty but yet I didn't stop sucking on him. The sounds of my slurping filled the room drowning out the television, which hadn't been turned that high in the first place.

I didn't want him to cum in my mouth but then I didn't stop. I was curious. Would I swallow or would I spit. I didn't like it when women spit. I wanted the full experience and from watching too many porns I think I'd been conditioned to think women should swallow the load. I thought it only fair because when I went down on a woman I swallowed whatever I sucked out of her cunt.

I stopped though. I knew men. I was a man after all and I knew once he came they'd be a break for recovery and I wanted to feel him in me. I was horny and my inhibitions were down. This was probably the only time I'd even consider it, drunk and horny.

I pulled back. "Fuck me." I said.

"You sure?" He asked sitting up on his elbows.

I nodded.

I stood and dropped my pants kicking it off. I didn't know where to begin thankfully he did.

He disappeared past the kitchen to his bedroom I gathered and returned with a tube of KY jelly.

I watched as he first lathered his shaft nicely with the lube. Then he came to me.

Anal sex especially anal sex for the first time takes plenty or preparation. I'd not prepared and truthfully if I had I don't think I would have let him near me. It was best to go in almost blind. At least we had lube.

I lay on my stomach on the floor next to the couch on the tan Berber carpet. We were between the couch and the coffee table. I hand my hands folded under my head as if I were about to head off to sleep. I closed my eyes. I felt like rubbing myself against the carpet.

He spread my legs slightly and squeezed my ass. 

It felt no different than the women who squeezed my ass during sex.

He slipped a glob of lube between my ass and rubbed it up and down my crack slowly.

I pursed my lips and pressed myself against the carpet.

He slathered me with more lube this time probing my ass with his finger no deeper than the first joint of his index finger.

I was tight but the lube made penetration easy. 

It wasn't long before one whole finger was in my ass, then two and then three. 

I squeezed them with my sphincter rocking slightly on the carpet wanting more than slender fingers. It was coming.

He leaned down to my ear, "Are you ready?" 

His breath tickled me and forced a shiver through me.

I nodded. I felt ready because I wanted to cum but I knew if I came he sure as hell wasn't going to get any. My inhibitions would rise and I'd not want it. He'd probably end up forcing me to satisfy his desires; no one likes to be teased. 

This image only got me harder even though it was probably unlikely he'd rape me if I said no. 

"Spread your ass."

I grabbed my cheeks and pulled them apart, wide as I could.

His head touched my ass and her pushed, slowly tenderly into me.

His head was flared as more blood rushed to it and with my eyes closed I saw it going in my cherry ass as I felt it. He stopped.

I bit my lip. He was big but it was probably more because I was tight. Lube and stretching with fingers could only do so much.

He put his hands on my hips and pushed even more.

I flinched.

He stopped and waited.

He was patient decided to be happy with only half of his shaft in me. He began to stroke me slowly.

His movements moved me against the carpet. It was a sweet sensation. It was hands free effortless masturbation.

The feeling of a dick in my ass was uncomfortable but the sensations made it all worthwhile.

His subtle thrusts became more and more intense but he didn't go any deeper. I wondered how much more he had and pushed my ass up encouraging him.

He lay on me and slipped a hand around me between my shaft and the carpet. He wrapped his hand around it and stroked it as he stroked my ass.

I couldn't hold myself back. I was going to cum and soon. I suddenly didn't care if he was in my ass or not. We'd see what happened after my cum shot out onto his carpet.

My balls tingled and as if sensing it he squeezed harder and stroked faster both my ass and my shaft. His grip incredible there was still residual KY on his hands and it made the wrap around a delightful.

Cum rushed from me hot and sticky against my stomach. It flowed over his hand and mixed with the KY and dripped onto the carpet.

He didn't stop stroking me though and the sensation was like nothing I'd ever felt before.

The last of the spasms were happened when I felt it in my ass. It was hot and it filled me and suddenly made me feel as if I wanted to go but I didn't. It would have embarrassed the hell out of me.

He stayed in my ass for sometime emptying his load as I'd done on his carpet but deep in my rectum or rather not so deep then he slowly pulled out.

He rolled me over and kissed me and I kissed him.

Our bodies glistened with sweat though not strenuous it still brought us panting and sweating and had our hearts racing.

We lay on the carpet for sometime not saying a word just laying there.

It wasn't as I'd expected. I rolled up on my elbow and said, "Maybe next time you can go all the way in."

He smiled. "It's only Saturday we have all weekend."

I returned his smile and was eager to go again. I'd be sore later but at that moment it didn't matter. I'd cum, my inhibitions were supposedly back and even though I was still buzzed it wasn't why I wanted more.