 Okay so here's a new story. I'm a little scatter-brained at the moment and have about six different things going on JUST in my writing life. But I'll try to keep posting regularly. I hope you guys like this one and there will be future chapters of this and revolution soon. 

Also thanks to my editor Gbc5452, I don't thank him enough on here and I should start doing it more. He's a bigger part of my stories than just editting. Feel free to send me private feedback or leave a comment. It means a lot to me to read them, especially if they're constructive. I hope it shows in my writing that I listen to feedback because I really do try, too. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"So tell me, Eric, how much longer are you going to wait to get a new one?" John stroked his pets hair. The young boy sat on the floor next to his chair, waiting patiently for any command his master should give.

"I don't know, after Sage left I haven't honestly thought of it much." Eric shrugged.

"I'm telling you, you get too attached to them." John took another gulp of his drink, emptying his glass. "Scotch." He mumbled to his pet, who quickly stood and hurried off into the kitchen.

"I do not." Eric waved his hand at his friend. The sound of John's boy making the drink echoing from the doorway.

"But you do!" John laughed, sitting forward in his chair.

"If I enjoy it, and they enjoy it, then everything is good." Eric shrugged.

"Who cares if they enjoy it? Take what you want and toss them aside." John's boy came back with his glass of Scotch. John took a sip and glared at him. "You will be punished for this later." He mumbled, apparently not enjoying the drink. The boy looked down, tears beginning to fill his eyes. He swallowed and fought the tears back, obviously terrified. 

"What's his name, he's new isn't he?" Eric pointed to the new boy, who looked up at him with beautifully mismatched eyes. 

"Answer his question, boy." John snapped.

"Corey, sir." The boy had a light voice with a soft Irish accent that Eric found his cock jumping at.

"He's beautiful, especially those eyes." Eric said, the boy smiled and blushed heavily, his pale skin going red. He looked down at his hands and had a small smile on his face.

"Hold your head high, pet. Don't hide those beautiful eyes." Eric used a finger to raise his chin, showing the single blue eye and single green eye to the world. 

"You would think him being Irish would mean he could make a decent drink," John rolled his eyes. "See, look at you. You're such a natural Master. You need a pet." John smiled. Eric laughed and looked at the small boy sitting on his floor. He had been friends, using the word loosely, with John for years. He knew the man was a cruel master, using his slaves for his own pleasure and then tossing them aside like they were trash. Many times he had seen John's boys with bruises or cuts on their faces, that wasn't counting what he couldn't see under their clothing. Many of them were quiet and shy and Eric didn't doubt it was from John's extreme abuse.

"I'll look into it." He shrugged.

~~~~~~~~~~~~

It was a month after their get together and Eric was beginning to feel lonely. John had told him of some of the things he had done to his young pet. Whippings, torture sessions, and still the boy stayed with him. Eric had seen him after the two aparently had had a long night. The boy was covered in bruises, and in the way he walked it was obvious that his ass was extremely sore. Whether from a beating or from being fucked too roughly, Eric didn't know. He was quickly becoming obsessed with the boy.

Sometimes when preparing drinks for his friend he would slip in some pain killers or muscle relaxers into the boys drink, expecially after he had heard about John's long night with him. He didn't know if the boy knew, but about halfway through their visit he would get droopy eyed or his tense muscles would relax. 

He was preparing the drinks for his friend, who would be here any minute, and he slipped in two pain killers and stirred them into the drink. His friend arrived and he handed them their drinks. Corey gave him a quiet thanks and chugged his drink, he definitely knew. He slipped him a smile every now and then, obviously more comfortable with Eric than with his own Master. 

"Excuse me." John said, heading off in the direction of the bathroom. 

"How are you doing, pet?" Eric asked, sipping his drink.

"Good, sir." His voice was rough and cracked. Eric frowned.

"What happened to your voice?" Eric turned his head. Corey winced.

"Master is trying to teach me how to deep throat." It was obviously painful for the boy to talk. Eric sighed and stood up. He returned a moment later with a mug of warm tea, stirring a spoon quickly through the dark liquid. Corey looked at it curiously.

"It's mint tea, with a losenge mixed into it and some honey." Eric put a hand on his head as he sat back down. Eric smelled it before sipping the steaming liquid. He smiled and looked up at Eric.

"Thank you, sir." Corey said.

"You're very welcome, pet. So polite." Eric smiled. Corey blushed and returned to his drink.

"I hope he didn't cause any problems." John returned.

"Not at all, he's a very sweet boy." Eric winked at him.

"Yeah right, the boy can't even deep throat correctly." John rolled his eyes.

"He will learn." Eric didn't take his eyes off of Corey.

Eric laid down on the bed after they had left, he pulled his clothes off and wrapped his hand around his cock. Slowly, he began jerking his pole. Imagining it was Corey's slim hand jerking him off. He imagined the silky lips of the younger Irish boy squeezing his cock head, giving him as much pleasure as he could. He felt his balls tighten up and grunted as he soaked his stomach in his warm cum. He moaned and used his fingers to feed his own cum to himself, pretending it was the young Irish boys.

He couldn't help but stare at the small man when he was around. He couldn't have been taller than 5'7", his brown hair was spiked and his different colored eyes were intoxicating. Heterochromia iridium. He had looked it up after that first night he saw Corey's eyes. His accent was adorable and his slim body would have been perfect to wrap his arms around. He was feminine, but had a strong manly scent about him that Eric adored. He had small muscles, a hidden six pack under his shirt. Eric sighed and rolled over falling asleep almost instantly.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Corey sat on the floor of his masters bedroom. He had no blanket and only one thin pillow. He had traveled a lot once he got out of school back in Ireland, but when he landed in America he had decided to stay. He had lived in New York for three or four years before he met his Master.

He had traveled the world and then he was traveling New York's bustling gay scene. He spent night after night clubbing and partying. He started exploring things, different fetishes and an assortment of groups. Soon he found he had a strong attraction to Master/Slave play. He started poking around BDSM clubs and websites when he met John. He had offered to train him and get him used to the idea of being a slave to an older man.

Corey was quickly regretting his decision. He knew that he liked having a Master, just not John. He was a cruel master, chaining him up at night and often punishing him. It was far more pain than pleasure. Corey had been to scared to try and leave, even if he did try, he doubted John would let him go. He shifted on the small pillow and the chain around his ankle jangled. 

"Quiet." John growled, half asleep. Corey winced and laid his head down on the pillow. He closed his eyes and pictured the confident Eric. His Masters best friend was easily the most attractive man he had ever seen. His skin was tan and his hair was wavy and shined. His eyes were a light hazel mixture, and his black hair was rich and healthy. His muscles were well defined, but not huge, he had an air of authority that swam around him. 

Just being in his presence made Corey shiver. But he was far from cruel. He was a strong and proud man, but was gentle and kind. Corey opened his eyes and glanced up at the bed above him. His Master could be heard snoring on the bed and Corey rolled his eyes, he would bet money that Eric didn't snore that loudly.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Eric woke up to the ringing of a phone. He groaned and pulled himself out of bed, he reached for the phone and caught it on the fourth ring.

"Hello?" He said, his deep voice echoing through the empty room.

"Eric, it's John." His friend on the other end spoke.

"It's early as hell, John. What do you want?" Eric looked at the clock that read 6:00 am.

"I know, I know. I'm sorry. But I just got a call, my sister is in the hospital. I have to catch the next flight to Italy" John said.

"Italy?" Eric was awake now.

"Yes, Italy. I'll be there for a few days, but I need someone to watch the boy." Eric could hear John packing on the other side of the line.

"Of course I'll watch him for you John. Bring him by on the way to the airport." Eric said, trying to find his pants.

"I'm already here." John said.

"What?" Eric glanced at the phone, seeing that it was John's cellphone. "Uh, okay. Come on in."

"I already sent him in, thanks Eric." John hung up. Eric stared at the phone and sighed, he set the phone down and heard a knock at the door. He rolled his eyes and jogged down the steps to open the door. He could hear Corey suck in a sharp breath when he saw the shirtless Eric standing there. Eric was glad he was wearing baggy pants, his cock was half hard in a heart beat. The young man stood in his doorway with nothing but a small backpack of, what Eric assumed was, clothes.

"Come in, pet." Eric said. Corey stepped inside and look around the house like he had never been here before.

"Hello." Corey said, with his soft accent.

"Can I get you anything?" Eric asked, as he walked to the living room.

"No, thank you, sir." Corey said, Eric had to bite his lip to keep from moaning at the accent. This was the most the boy had spoken since Eric had met him.

"I'll show you to where you can stay." Eric walked up the large steps. He took Corey to the room across from his and opened the door, stepping aside to allow him access. He looked around the room and set his bag down on the bed.

"I'm going to go get dressed. If you need me, don't hesitate to ask. I'm right across the hall." Eric pointed to his room, before walking out.

Eric got dressed quickly, thinking about the young man he desired more than anything in the room across from his. His cock slapped his stomach and then bounced in front of him happily.

"I like him too." He chuckled at his dick. He finished getting dressed and went downstairs, finding the young man in the room. He wore tight black jeans and a fishnet top that Eric couldn't help but moan at.

"Can I get you a drink?" Eric asked.

"Isn't it a little early?" Corey smiled.

"Aren't you Irish?" Eric winked. Corey chuckled and sat down, nodding his head. Eric got them two small drinks. They sipped them slowly as they spoke.

"So how old are you, pet?" Eric asked, Corey had to keep himself from shivering at the older mans deep voice.

"Twenty-two, sir." Corey said. Eric raised his eyebrow.

"You look younger." 

"That's one reason my Master likes me," Corey said, "He says it makes me look innocent." Eric nodded, he could definitely see the innocence John spoke about.

"Do you enjoy being a slave?" Eric asked. Corey hesitated before nodding.

"You hesitate, why?" Eric took another sip of his drink.

"I enjoy being a slave, sir.... but Master John is not my ideal master." Corey swallowed, worried he had said to much.

"Why don't you leave if you're not enjoying it?" Eric raised an eyebrow, not surprised with the boys confession.

"I'm afraid,sir. " Corey admitted.

"You have every right to be. I wouldn't put it past John to beat you if you tried to leave." Eric set his drink aside.

"Sir, do you have any Slaves? I've heard Master John talk about you needing one." Corey hadn't taken a sip of his drink in awhile, instead playing with the glass in his hands.

"I used to." Eric said.

"What happened to him, if I may ask, sir?" Corey wiggled in his seat.

"He left. He was needed at home and had to leave New York." Eric said.

"Do you miss him, sir?" 

"Everyday. He was a good Slave. I trained him before he even knew he wanted to be a Slave." Eric's eyes twinkled with the memory.

"Do you still keep in touch, sir?" Corey asked.

"No, he has a new Master now who doesn't want him to contact me." Eric sighed.

"Sir, may I say something?" 

"Of course." 

"I think you need a new Slave. Someone to keep you company." Corey blushed.

"Oh?" Eric raised an eyebrow, a small smile crossing his face.

"Yes, sir. You seem lonely, and I think you miss having a Slave. Someone to keep you warm at night, someone to make you happy." Corey blushed harder.

"And who would this magnificent Slave be?" Eric asked, already knowing the answer.

"I could do all that for you. I listen really well, and I'm a fast learner. I can also cook!" Corey sat forward in his chair, forgetting his training.

"Obviously not fast enough. You've already forgotten how to behave around another Master." Eric raised an eyebrow. Corey's eyes widened and he sat back in his chair, hands in his lap and head down.

"I'm very sorry, sir." Corey whispered.

"Don't be like that, Pet. You're a lovely slave and I would love nothing more than to keep you for myself. But you belong to John." Eric reached out and stroked a lock of his hair out of his face.

"Yes, sir." Corey said, obviously blaming himself.

"I'm going to go take a shower. Make yourself at home, pet." Eric stood and walked up stairs. Watching Eric walk away, Corey sighed and slumped in his chair.

~~~~~~~~~~ 

Eric climbed out of the shower and picked up the phone on the sixth ring.

"Hello?"

"Hey, Eric. I'm sorry about rushing out like that. I'm about to get on the plane and just wanted to thank you." John said.

"It's no problem, John. I'm happy to take care of him for you." Eric said, pulling on his pants as Corey walked in.

"Don't be afraid to punish him if he gets out of line. Treat him as if he was your own Slave."

"I will, John." Eric said, watching Corey cross the room to him. His hips swished beautifully and his lips were in a small pout.

"Where is he now?" John asked.

"Downstairs, I think he's making lunch." Eric watched as Corey got on his knee's in front of him. He raised an eyebrow and Corey gave a sly smile as he reached up for his zipper.

"He's a fantastic cook. But not good for much else." John grumbled.

"Maybe I can fix that." Eric said. Corey pulled his half hard cock out and began stroking him, nuzzling his cheek against the hard flesh. Eric put his head back and tried to suppress a moan.

"Good luck, the boy is useless." John laughed.

"I don't know about that, he seems good to me." Eric said, as Corey sucked his cock head into his mouth. "Dreams do come true." He mumbled.

"What?"

"I said I think lunch is ready, I should go." Eric said.

"Me too, the plane is boarding. I should be back in a few days." John said and hung up. Eric set the phone down and looked down at the young Irish man who was sucking on his cock for all he was worth.

"You need practice." Eric said, all the joy that had been on his face gone and replaced by neutral and uninterested. Corey frowned and pulled off his cock. Eric zipped his pants up and finished buttoning his shirt. Corey sat on the floor, looking at the ground.

"I didn't say you were bad. You just aren't experienced." Eric said. Corey looked up at him with sad eyes.

"I can't please anyone. My Master isn't happy with me, and you don't want me." Corey sighed.

"Stop that. It's not attractive to be depressed, and it's your job to be attractive. You have a head start on most Slaves. You're already gorgeous. With the right training and treatment, you could be a fantastic Slave." Eric said, sitting down to slip on his shoes.

"I need a fantastic Master to be a fantastic Slave." Corey moved over to him, putting his hands on Eric's knee's.

"Yes, you do." Eric looked up at him with a raised eyebrow.

"Will you train me, sir?" Corey pouted.

"No." 

"Why not?" Corey frowned.

"You're John's Slave." Eric said, tying his shoes. 

"But I could be your Slave. I could be good for you." Corey begged.

"No." Eric stood up, and began leaving the room.

"I'll convince you, I'll make you want me." Corey stood up as Eric reached the doorway. Without turning around Eric smiled.

"I already want you."

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Corey finished making the dinner and brought it out to Eric who sat at the table. He sat on the floor next to him, head down.

"You may get yourself a plate and sit at the table." Eric said, grabbing his own fork. Corey smiled and did as he was told.

"This is very good." Eric nodded as he bit into the steak.

"Thank you, sir."

"Tell me about yourself, pet." Eric said, as he took another bite of the steak.

"What would you like to know, sir?" 

"You're originally from Ireland, yes?" 

"Yes, sir. I was born there and left when I was eighteen." Eric nodded.

"Why did you leave? You didn't like it there?"

"No, sir. I love my home. But I wanted to see the world." Corey smiled.

"And did you?" 

"Yes, sir. I went to many different places. My favorite was America, and so I decided to stick around."

"I've traveled some."

"Have you ever been to Ireland, sir?"

"No, I'm afraid I haven't."

"It's a wonderful place, sir. The friendliest people in the world." Corey smiled.

"They're supposed to be the most trustworthy, as well."

"That we are." Corey smiled.

~~~~~~~~

Eric woke the next morning with the small Irishman in his bed. He glared down at the soft bundle of hair resting on his chest and sighed. The boy was very different with him than he was with John, he actually had a personality. And he was very persistent. 

"You know I could beat you for this." Eric said.

"But you wont." The Irishman looked up.

"And how do you know that?" Eric raised an eyebrow.

"Because you're fair." Corey said with a straight face.

"And you're not as dumb as your master makes you out to be. I will never punish someone for wanting something." Eric stood up, grabbing a pair of boxers and slipping them on. Corey sat up, leaving the sheet piled around his thin waist. He stretched and yawned, making it very hard for Eric to resist him.

"Are you trying to seduce me?" Eric raised an eyebrow.

"Yes." Corey replied honestly.

"Well at least you're honest about it." Eric rolled his eyes. "Why?" He asked.

"Because, I want you for a Master." Corey sat back on his heels, his arms lying on the bed besides him. His hair was tussled and mused, making him look very sexy. 

"I'm sorry, I know John has a short temper, and I don't want him as an enemy. He doesn't play fair." Eric pulled on a tight long sleeve shirt.

"What if I ask him?" Corey asked.

"Then he would beat you senseless." Eric glanced at him out of the corner of his eye. Corey swallowed.

"Do you like pain, pet?" Eric asked.

"Sometimes, when it's good. Not with Master John." Corey said. "But I bet you could make it good." 

"Yes, I can." Eric winked, and walked out of the room. Leaving Corey tangled in the sheets looking like he had been well fucked all night.

Corey wished he had been.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

They spent the next three days constantly teasing each other. Corey was ready to risk a beating for the chance to serve Eric the way only a Slave could. Eric wanted the boy more than almost anything in the world, the only thing he wanted more was to not start a fight with John.
