 Thanks to my editor Gbc5452, couldn't do it without him. Sorry this chapter is a little late, it was my birthday and I didn't feel like writing ;). I have a BIG surprise coming up so it might be awhile before I post anything, have to finish that up and get that posted. Enjoy

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Eric pulled up to his home and stretched as he climbed out of the car. His neck cracked as he stepped up to the door. He slid his key in and the door slipped open on its own. He furrowed his brow and frowned, he never left the door unlocked and his pet knew better than to leave the house without his permission.

"Corey, why is the door unlocked?" Eric called out as he pushed open the door. When he got no answer he became angry. That's three broken rules: Leaving the house, not greeting him at the door, and now not answering him when he spoke.

"Corey!" He shouted. He pushed the door open all the way and stepped into the hallway. He felt his foot slide out from under him and he landed on his hands and knees in a pool of blood. He looked up and saw his delicate Irish pet on the floor. He heard a door slam in the back and his doctor's instincts kicked in. He knew he wasn't a cop, but he did know that he could take care of his pet.

"Corey, hold still love." Eric took a strip of cloth from his shirt and wrapped it around Corey's neck. He scooped up his lover and, as gently as he could, placed him into the back seat.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Eric sat in the church of the hospital he was so familiar with. He held his head in his hands and prayed silently. He had never been very religious, but he would do anything if it would help his little pet now. He stood and left the shirt. He had changed into his doctors coat due to the blood that covered his street clothes.

"Hey, Jamie. " Eric walked up to the nurse on duty.

"Hey, Eric. How are you holding up." She asked, handing him a coffee.

"Not sure, honestly. I wish I could know how he's doing." Eric looked at the operating room. 

"I'm sure they won't notice if you just slipped into the observation room." Jamie winked. Eric smiled and walked down the hallway. He stood in the dark room watching the group of surgeons work on his pet. He couldn't see much but could hear them fairly well.

"Nice job, guys. Finish up the sutures and bandage up the neck." The surgeon in charge said removing his gloves and face mask. Eric smiled and thanked God once more. His lover wasn't out of the woods yet, but he was getting there. He watched as the team of surgeons closed the gash in his neck and made sure he was stable before moving him out of the operating room. They wheeled him into recovery, Eric standing back and watching them. He waited in front of the operating room until the lead surgeon stepped out.

"Harold." Eric stopped him.

"Eric." The surgeon smiled.

"How is he?"

"Well, we managed to close up the wound. Whoever did this missed most of the important stuff. His carotid arteries were just nicked, but his muscles are in pretty bad shape. They'll heal given enough time. The main thing is that you were lucky enough to get there so fast." The two men walked down the hall.

"How bad was the damage to his muscles?" Eric asked.

"It could have been a lot worse. We think he'll be able to speak again, of course there will be a fairly long recovery time." Harold said.

"Can I see him? I know I'm not family but-"

"It's fine, Eric. Just don't let the big men upstairs notice." Harold winked.

"Thank you, so much , for this." Eric hugged his friend.

"You're welcome, Eric. Go take care of your boy." Harold nodded his head towards recovery and watched as Eric jogged down the hallway.

~~~~~~~ 

It had taken four days for Corey to wake up. Eric knew it was a long recovery and that his body was just trying to repair itself, but it was still scary. When he woke he began panicking.

"Corey, calm down. I'm here, pet. I'm here." Eric stood and stroked his hair lovingly. Corey opened his mouth and a look of pain crossed his throat.

"Shhh, don't talk. Do you remember what happened?" Eric asked. Corey's face went blank for a moment before shaking his head and looking up at his Master, looking for reassurance.

"I came home early, another doctor came in and they let me off since I had been working late for the last couple of days anyways. I found you on the floor. You were naked and-" Suddenly Corey's eyes filled with tears as he remembered what had happened to him.

"Shhh, it's okay love." Eric stroked Corey's hair. He looked frightened and began struggling with the IV in his arm. He shook his head, thinking Eric didn't understand.

"I know, baby. They told me." Eric said. Corey froze and cried silently.

"I'm not angry, love. This wasn't your fault, and I'm fairly certain I know who did it..." Eric frowned at the last part. Corey nodded and put his head down.

"Don't be ashamed, Corey. Remember what I told you that first day we met." Eric winked. Corey's eyes were filled with sadness, but he had a faint glimmer of happiness. He reached for his Masters hand and Eric gladly gave it. He squeezed Corey's hand and stroked his arm.

"Now, get some rest. Sleep will help you heal faster. I know you're probably in a lot of pain and I'll see what I can do about that." Eric stood up and kissed him. Corey wouldn't release his hand when he tried to walk away.

"Babe, I'll be back. I just need to go tell the nurses that you woke up." Eric said. Corey shook his head and grabbed his hand with his other hand.

"If I stay with you until you fall asleep? Will that be alright?" Eric smiled. When Corey nodded he sat back down and stroked the young Irish man's soft hand until his eyes closed and the only sound in the room was the ventilator that kept him breathing.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Congratulations, Corey. Your first day without a ventilator." The nurse smiled as Corey choked on his first breath of fresh air, pulled in by his own lungs, in weeks. He smiled at his Master as his breathing became more regular. Luckily no infection had sat in while he was recovering, and the doctors thought he was healing up nicely. 

"Good, Pet. You're making good recovery time." Eric said, once the nurse had left. Corey smiled at his Master and pointed to the note pad they had been using for communication.

'Kiss?' He scribbled down. His Master smiled and leaned in to claim his mouth. Corey had a dizzy smile on his lips when his Master pulled away.

"I can't wait until I can take you home and care for you there. It will be so much better for you there." Eric stroked his hand.

"That may be sooner than you think." Corey's doctor walked in.

"What do you mean?" Eric smiled, excited.

"You are a doctor yourself, and will be able to care for him. He's off the ventilator, I don't see any real reason why he shouldn't go home with you in a few days." His doctor shrugged. Eric smiled and stroked Corey's hair.

"We just have to be sure that he will be able to be off the ventilator for long periods of time, after a few days I'll discharge him and place him in your care." The doctor smiled and walked out with Corey's charts. 

"You hear that, pet? You can be home soon." Eric kissed Corey's forehead.

Corey wrote 'Good, I was worried.' on the notepad.

"About what, precious?" Eric wondered.

'I wanted to spend Christmas with you, Master.' Corey scribbled down as he fell asleep. Eric sat up and realized what he had said. He hadn't even noticed that Christmas was only a few weeks away. He had never really enjoyed Christmas, with no one to spend it with. He looked down at the sleeping young man and gave a sad smile. He had finally found someone, he wasn't alone anymore. Eric kissed the sleeping man and leaned back in his chair, opening the book he had been reading while sitting at Corey's bedside. His eyes crossed over the words but they didn't read them. His brain couldn't stop thinking that one thought.

He wasn't alone anymore.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Corey felt more comfortable than he had in a long time as Eric wheeled him into their home. He was still too tired to walk and could only take a few steps before gasping for air. Corey looked at the large red stain imprinted into the wood floors. He felt a shiver go up his spine. Eric noticed and spoke.

"I'm sorry pet. I'll be getting new floors to replace those. I hoped to have it done before you returned home." Eric frowned.

"It's okay, Master. It just... scares me." Corey was honest. He could speak now, but his voice was raspy and slow.

Eric stopped the wheelchair and scooped him up. Corey wrapped his arms around his Masters neck and smiled as he felt the strong muscles under him flex. His Master carried him up to their bedroom and placed him on the bed. He tucked him in and gave him a kiss.

"Are you hungry, love?" Eric asked.

"No, sir. I'm feeling a little sick." Corey frowned.

"Probably just your meds. Let me know if it gets any worse and I'll see if I can find something else." Eric said. Corey nodded and watched his Master turn to leave.

"Corey..." His Master started, standing at the door facing the hallway. Corey turned his head, his Master only called him by his name when it was important.

"We haven't really talked about this..." His Master turned around and walked back over to the bed. "But I think you should see someone, about what happened." His master stroked his hair.

"Master, really I'm fine." 

"You may think that, but I worry. I know some very good doctors who might be able to help." Eric put a hand on Corey's leg.

"And I would give you complete permission to talk about anything you like. Even about our relationship, personally. I would even be willing to go with you if that's what you want." Eric said.

"But Master-"

"I know that you think that you're fine. But I can't help thinking that you're not. You've been through a lot Pet. I think you could really use this. Please? For me?" Eric begged. Corey was taken aback. His Master never begged. He stated what he wanted, and he got it. Corey saw the fear in his Masters eyes, he was worried about him.

"Okay, Master." Corey smiled. The truth was, he wanted to see someone. He had nightmares and didn't want to think about it anymore. He just wanted all of this to be finish, he wanted it to be just him and Eric.

"Thank you, Pet. I'll be downstairs. Call me if you need me." Eric kissed him on the lips and shut the door as he left.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

His therapist introduced herself as Henstridge. 

Corey got along well with her, but that didn't mean that he wasn't too scared to talk.

"Corey, I want you to know that whatever we discuss in this room is completely private. I won't share what we talk about with anybody." She said.

"Okay." He said quietly. It hurt to speak and his throat was still sore.

"And you don't have to talk if you don't want to." She smiled. Corey gave a small smile and looked around the office. He saw a large book on her bookshelf labeled 'History'

"What's that?" He pointed to the book.

"That's a photo album of most of my past patients." She smiled. "Would you like to see it?" She asked. He nodded, so she stood up and brought it over to him. She sat next to him on the couch and flipped through pages, naming all of her old patients. There were mixes of men and women, some she was hugging, some it was just a picture of them. Corey saw a picture of a young looking man with gray eyes.

"Who's he?" He asked.

"That's-" She was interrupted as the door burst open.

"Hey Henstridge I-.... Hello." The man stopped.

"Nikolai." Henstridge raised an eyebrow. The young mans face cracked into a huge smile and he winked at the doctor and Corey.

"What's this, Henstridge?" He asked, "You been cheating on me with another man?" Nikolai nodded towards Corey.

"I told you I rescheduled our appointment." 

"No you didn't." He frowned.

"Do you ever check your phone messages?" Henstridge raised an eyebrow. With a disbelieving glare he pulled out his phone and listened to his voicemail on speaker phone.

'Nikolai, it's Henstridge. I'm going to have to reschedule our appointment, something came up. Call me later and we will set up a different time.' Henstridge stared at him.

"That proves nothing." He stuffed his phone in his pocket. Corey noticed his scarred arms then.

"Now if you excuse us, I'm with a patient." Henstridge nodded towards Corey.

"Fine, I see how it is. Cheat on me with some other man. I'm not psychologically troubled enough for you. I'll just go jump in front of a bus or something, okay?" Nikolai rolled his eyes and walked out the door. Henstridge chuckled.

"I'm sorry about that."

"It's alright, he's very...."

"Nikolai." Henstridge laughed. Corey nodded in agreement with a smile.

"He's one of your past patients? Or current patient I should say." Corey blushed.

"Yes, he's a sweet man."

"He seems nice." Corey looked at the shut door.

"So tell me about Eric. I want to know what he's like outside of the hospital. If he even exists outside the hospital." She laughed.

"He does work a lot... But that's alright." Corey shrugged.

"I have to say, when he told me you're his brother I had a hard time believing it. You two look nothing alike and the age difference is quite obvious." She smiled. Corey's heart sank.

"He told you I'm his brother?" He frowned.

"Yes, why? Is that not true?" She asked, already knowing the answer. Corey didn't know what to say. Then he remembered what Eric had said to him, about talking about their relationship if he wanted to. He just didn't want to force Corey into it.

"I'm his.... uh... Boyfriend. I guess." Corey smiled.

"Oh, I didn't know Eric was into men." She shrugged and got back to the conversation.

"How long have you two been together?"

"Our one year anniversary is coming up in a month." He smiled, not realizing how long it had been.

"Wow, and he hasn't introduced you to everyone yet?" She raised an eyebrow.

"We have a... special... relationship." He looked down at the pictures of the book.

"Special how?" Corey blushed.

"Uh... well..." He didn't know how to answer that.

"You can talk to me about anything, Corey. I'm very open minded. I've heard everything, and that's not me just saying it." She smiled down at him.

"Well, I'm kind of... his... Uh..." He was blushing very hard now. "P-pet." He laughed.

"His pet?" Henstridge thought for a moment. "Pet how?' 

"Uh... well... I'm his... Slave." Corey could have been mistaken for a firetruck he was so red.

"Ooooh. I had no idea there was this side to Eric." Henstridge smiled. "I guess you don't always know people as well as you think. This is all consensual right?" She asked. Corey nodded.

"Do you want to talk about what happened?" Henstridge asked. Corey thought for a second and then nodded.

"My old Master did it." 

"So Eric isn't your first Master?"

"No, he saved me from my old one."

"Saved you how?"

"He was abusive, to me that is. Master Eric took me in. He's a much better Master."

"You enjoy your time with him?"

"Yes, I love being with Master Eric." Corey smiled. "I love him."

"I'm glad that Eric found someone to love and love him back." Henstridge smiled. Corey smiled back and set the book aside.

"How have you felt around him, since the rape?"

"Can we not call it that please?" Corey shivered.

"I'm sorry. What would you like me to call it?"

"I don't know. Just not that." Corey frowned.

"Alright."

"I guess I just feel bad."

"Bad how?"

"Like I don't deserve Master Eric." Corey whispered.

"Why would you feel like that?" Henstridge scribbled something down on a note pad she had in her lap.

"He hasn't.... taken me yet. I wanted it to be only him from now on."

"And you feel like your old Master took that from you?"

"Yes." Corey sighed.

"Has Eric said anything about it to you?"

"Only that he doesn't care that he touched me. That he still loves me."

"That should be reassurance enough, shouldn't it?"

"I don't know. I feel like he's lying just to make me feel better." 

"You think he would do that?"

"I don't think he wouldn't." Corey looked up at her.

"I'd like to have a session with the both of you next time, if that's alright with you." Henstridge said.

"Okay." 

"Do you think Eric would be open to coming here with you?"

"Yeah, he said he would."

"Good, I think it will be good for the both of you."

"Do you think he's mad at me?"

"No, I don't think so. If Eric told you he didn't blame you for what happened, then he doesn't blame you." Henstridge smiled. Corey rubbed the large scar on his throat carefully. The slight bump felt hard and it still hurt, but he found himself being able to think a lot more clearly when he touched it.

~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Here you go, Pet." Eric set down a bowl of soup. He sat at his seat at the table and began eating.

"Master, my doctor wants to have a session with the both of us next time." Corey spoke.

"That's fine. How did your session today go?" Eric spoke.

"Alright, she's nice." 

"Good, I'm glad you like her."

"So you two know each other?"

"Yes, we've worked together for a few years now." Eric spoke. "So you like Dr. Nelson?" 

"Nelson? She told me her name was Henstridge."

"Henstridge?" Eric thought for a moment before laughing. "Henstridge was a name one of her patients gave her a few months back. He was a class act that guy. Tried to commit suicide. He was an ass to everyone. Once, he crawled out of bed while no one was looking, he stole a pack of smokes from the nurses station and was sitting outside for an hour. The whole hospital went crazy trying to find him." 

"Was his name Nikolai?"

"Yeah that's the one."

"I met him today. He seemed... exactly how you described him." Corey smiled.

"I can't believe she kept that name." Eric laughed and shook his head.

~~~~~~~~~~~ 

"Glad you could join us, Eric." Henstridge smiled as Eric closed the door behind them.

"Nice to see you too, Henstridge." Eric put emphasis on the name. She blushed.

"You found out about that huh?" She smiled.

"It's hard to forget Nikolai."

"I think it's impossible." She laughed. 

"So can I ask why you wanted to speak with both of us?" Eric asked, settling down into the couch next to Corey.

"Corey was just having some feelings that I think would make him feel better if he discussed it with you." Henstridge shrugged.

"Like what, love?" Eric looked down at his lover.

"Just about what happened... with Master John." Corey looked anywhere but at his Master.

"Corey is afraid that, despite what you say, you resent him for what happened." Henstridge clarified.

"Not at all, Corey. I don't know what else I can do to convince you of that." Corey shrugged and his Master kissed his head.

"I assume he told you about our relationship?"

"Yes, is that a problem?"

"Not at all, I just want him to get better by any means necessary." Eric stroked Corey's hair.

"At least we're all moving towards the same goals." Henstridge smiled. Corey held his Masters hand and Master Eric looked down at him and smiled. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

It was late November now and Corey was able to move around the house without running out of breath. Sometimes he would have to stop and sit but he was glad to be out of the bed finally.

'If it wasn't so lonely in said bed I might not be so happy to be out of it.' He thought to himself. He looked at the clock and saw it was nearly time for Master to get home. He lit the candles on the table and brought out the large turkey. He heard his Masters car pull up and made sure everything was ready. He disobeyed his orders and didn't greet his Master at the door.

"Corey." Master sounded peeved. "You better hope that there's a damned good reason for you not-" His Master was cut off when he looked into the dining room. The table was set with more food than either of them could ever eat. The large turkey sat in the center of the table. Green bean casserole was to the left, followed by mashed potatoes, steamed carrots, yams, a tossed salad, red wine, bread rolls, cranberry sauce and a small ham.
