 I have to admit that over the past few weeks I have had a pretty dry period when looking for some fun. The weather has been good during this period, sometimes a little too hot but only a little rain and sunny days. Today however things turned around. When I went for a walk in the woods I discovered not just one but two guys who had the same goal as I did.

There is a spot along the path where someone has placed a log horizontally between a couple of trees. It is a popular place to meet up with other enthusiasts of outdoor sex. Today as I approached the area I saw one man leaning back against this log while squatting in front of another and pretty obviously sucking him. At times like this I'm never sure what to do. I don't want to interrupt what they are doing but as I was deciding whether to go back or get nearer the guy getting blown saw me and waved me nearer.

Taking the hint I moved up beside them and watched as the sucker worked on the cock presented to him. While I stood there the man getting sucked reached over and started fondling me through my pants. As this was going on the squatting guy doing the sucking started playing with his own cock pulling up the leg of his shorts and letting his cock show out the end of them. I pulled my pants down around my knees t free my cock and so we all were exposed and pleasuring each other.

The guy being sucked pulled back at that point and the other guy stood up complaining that his knees couldn't take much more of squatting there. When he did this the man he had been sucking bent over and started sucking him instead. Meanwhile he started caressing my ass while getting sucked then he pulled back a bit and dropped his pants as well to get more freedom for his cock. When he had pulled back the other guy stood up straight again and so we were now 3 guys with our pants down and our cocks exposed and erect.

The man who had been blowing when I first arrived asked if I wanted to taste his cock. I agreed and dropping to my knees I took his cock into my mouth. He started sliding in and out so I got to swallow his entire cock down into my throat and then lick around the head as he pulled back. The second man started caressing my head and shoulders with one hand while jerking his cock with his other hand.

Both of the other guys were now rock hard and I started alternating between them sucking one for a moment and then switching to the other. We continued like that for a few moments when the guy I had started sucking said he was getting close. With that I concentrated on him and after a few times thrusting deep into my mouth and throat I felt him start to spurt as he shot his load into me. I swallowed everything he shot and licked his cock clean as he withdrew. 

I turned my attention to the second man and he too said he was getting close to shooting. Unlike the first man when he was ready to shoot he held my head in both hands and pulling back till he was almost out of my mouth he fired shot after shot of cum into me. 

At that point I stood up and the guy who had been sucking when I first arrived got on his knees in front of me and took my cock into his mouth. As he started sucking on me the second man started using one hand to caress my ass cheeks while he slid the other hand up inside my shirt and started playing with my nipples. I was soon hard as a rock and started thrusting into my suckers mouth. I told him I was getting close and then the guy feeling me up took his hand off my ass and licking one finger he ran it down the crack of my ass and then impaled me with it. When I felt that I started shooting into the mouth of the guy sucking me till I had to stop him and pull out because the head of my cock was too sensitive. 

We all started to get properly dressed then and only then noticed another man 20 yards away who had been watching. The other two waved him closer but I had had enough for the day so I left. I wondered what they got into after that, maybe I'll meet one or both of them and they can let me know.