 "What are you doing today?"

"I'm heading out East, why, are you going to tell me you're free today?"

"Yes."

"Oh, hell, i'm turning around. I can be home in 5 minutes. Wanna meet me there?"

"Sure, see you soon." 

I always get nervous after those calls. When i'm horny, i feel like i'm going to lose control and do things i regret later, but hey, you only live once, right? 

I showed up at his house about 10 minutes later. As soon as I walked through the door and we made eye contact it was apparent we were hot for each other. He led me into his bedroom, shut the door, then rushed over to me and started kissing me. We made out for a while, running our hands all over each other body, grabbing and groping at each other like silly highschool sweethearts. As he was grabbing at my hard on through my pants, i was unbuckling his belt, unbuttoning and unzipping his pants, dropping them to the ground. I wrapped my hand around his thick hard cock and began to stroke him. I was blind with lust, dropping to my knees and putting his entire cock in my mouth - right to the back of the throat - in one big slurp. After a few minutes of this, we headed over to his bed, fully stripped each other and got under the covers. We continued kissing and stroking each other, and rubbing our naked bodies together as we rolled around on the bed. I ended up on top and started kissing and sucking his nipples, kissing down his stomach to his cock, letting it into my warm, wet mouth again. 

Then I spun around so he could lick and eat my ass - he knows how that drives me crazy. He rolled me over onto my back and went down on me, running his tongue around my base each time he went up and down. I was in ecstasy. He pushed my legs back so my knees were by my ears and my ass was up in the air and he really started rimming me good. I could feel his tongue in my asshole and i was loving it. This is my "on" switch and he knew i was ready to go. He moved himself up to me, putting his cock at the opening of my ass and slowly started to push himself in. I could feel his cock head enter, and i tightened quick but then released and he went all the way in. He paused there for a moment, giving me time to adjust and get used to the pressure, which then subsided. He leaned over me and we kissed while he was fucking me. 

Nice and slow, i closed my eyes and could see from above how his cock must have looked sliding in and out of me. I reached down and started jerking myself off. I could feel myself getting close when he told me he was going to cum. Seconds later, he pulled out and came on my balls, cock and hand, which brought me to the edge. He came along side me, shoved 2 fingers in my ass and his cock in my mouth. I sucked and got a final shot of cum to swallow just as I blew my load all over my chest and stomach. Sweaty and panting for air, I was spent and immediately exhausted, sticky with cum and sore from a good fucking and some fingering.

We spent the remaining hour and a half touching, kissing and talking. Slowly we started to recover and get hard again. I climbed on top of him, lowered my ass down on his cock, and slowly rode him, grinding down with each drop of my ass onto him, while he stroked my cock. I really got into it, bucking and dropping down hard, trying to get all that dick inside me as if my life depended on it. 

I started to feel that sensation again, like i was going to cum soon. He stroked me harder and faster, and as I said i was going to cum, it suddenly exploded out of me, covering his chest and the pillow beside his head. I slowed down, but he had other plans. He rolled me to the side, got me up on my hands and knees, head down/ass up, and he started fucking me really hard, like a jackhammer. He said he was going to cum again and fill my guts up. I could barely take the pounding he was delivering, but then suddenly, he screamed out, drove it deep and held it there, and I could feel his cock throbbing and pulsing as he unloaded his second load of cum inside me. He leaned forward, gave me a hug, then pulled out and laid next to me. I collapsed on top of his chest, and we napped for a little while before I had to head back home.

We sure did have a good time that afternoon.