 The phone rang. I opened my eyes, disoriented for a few seconds. Then I remembered where I was. I was at Tad's, sleeping with him in his bed. The phone rang again, and Tad sleepily answered it.

"Hello?" he said. "Oh. Hi Chris. What's up? Oh. How bad is she? Is she on a ventilator? Okay. All right. I'll be there as soon as I can. Bye."

I glanced at the clock on the bedside table. 3:47 a.m. Phone calls at this time of night were never good. "What is it?" I asked.

"It's my Mom," Tad said. "She's sick and in the hospital."

"Oh man, I'm sorry to hear that," I said truthfully.

"Well, it's been coming for a while. She has COPD and doesn't always take very good care of herself." He lay back down in bed and turned to me. We kissed. We were both naked, and our flaccid cocks rubbed gently against each other.

"What are you going to do?" I asked.

"Well, I guess I'll have to call in for a few days and go to her. My family doesn't know much about medical things. We'll have to decide how to treat her and all that." Tad snuggled closer to me. We both started to get hard. I admit I was a little surprised. When my mother had been sick and died, my ex-wife and I hadn't had sex for a month. "In the meantime," Tad said, "I need to get some more sleep. It's a three-hour drive back home and I'll need to leave this morning." He reached down and gripped my erection gently. "Don't worry baby, I'll take care of you before I go."

"Tad, I'll never refuse sex with you, but if you'd rather not..." I started to say.

"No, Cliff. I want to. I know how to take care of my man. Now, spoon me and let's get back to sleep."

I turned on my side and snuggled up close to Tad. As I drifted off to sleep, my still-excited butthole reminded me of what had happened the evening before.

I had picked Tad up at his apartment and we'd gone out to a dinner and movie, just the usual Friday night date stuff. We'd gone to a nice Italian restaurant and had pasta and a spicy red wine, but Tad said not to order dessert, because he had something special for me at his place. The movie had been okay, some romantic comedy which Tad liked, but which I probably wouldn't have gone to if I hadn't been with him. I didn't mind, though, because we held hands the whole time and Tad smelled great. I kept inching closer to him all through the movie just to catch his scent. By halfway through, I had a hard-on made of steel, and Tad noticed. Now Tad was nothing if not discreet, but he did pass his hand briefly over me and give a little squeeze.

"Looks like we have a problem to take care of when we get home, don't we?" he whispered to me.

All I could manage was a strangled unintelligible groan.

After the movie, when we got into the car, I leaned across and kissed him, hard, on the mouth. "Ooh now, big boy! Concentrate on your driving," Tad said with a smile. "I promise you an evening to remember when we get home."

We got to his apartment and Tad made me wait on the couch while he made coffee. I could hear him bustling in the kitchen while NPR played on his radio. For some reason, that evening it was vaguely irritating to me. After awhile, Tad brought out coffee and two plates. On each plate was a beautiful piece of cheesecake. I noticed that Tad's was quite a bit smaller than mine.

"Ta-da!" Tad said proudly. "Homemade cheese cake. What do you think?"

"It looks great," I said.

"Well, go ahead. Try some," he said.

I took a bite and it was just right. Creamy and a little tart with a hint of lime. I must have mentioned at some point that I liked cheesecake and Tad had made me one. "It's delicious, Tad," I said. "Really good."

Tad sat beside me on the couch, turned toward me, hands on his knees. I looked at him, thinking what an attractive man he was. As I did so, I saw a hint of color touch his cheeks and he looked away. "Thank you for the cake," I said quietly.

"You're welcome, Cliff," he said. "I don't want it ever to be said that I didn't feed my man properly."

I leaned over and kissed him gently. His lips were soft and searching, his tongue inquisitive, but not pushy. "I should drink my coffee before it gets cold," he said, a little flustered.

We finished our coffee and cake and sat quietly on the couch for a while. Although our relationship was still new, I felt so right about it. I bathed in Tad's love and warm regard.

"Are you going to stay the night?" he asked, lips against my ear.

"Just try to kick me out," I said. I turned toward him on the couch and took him into my arms. There was the breathless moment, the long second just before we kissed. I looked at him. His mouth was slightly open, his eyes closed. He was ready for my kiss, and I was ready to kiss him. Our mouths came together. Tad took my tongue into his mouth, sucking on it gently. His lips were firm-soft, gentle and seeking. I wanted more, and bore down a little. Tad gave a little moan and gave in completely to me. My cock immediately sprang to attention. I loved the way he responded to me.

We came up for air. "I think we should take this to the bedroom," he panted.

Without a word, we moved to his bedroom, turning off lights as we went. In no time at all, we were naked together in his big warm bed.

Tad's body fascinated and excited me. It was hard and soft at the same time. Tad worked out regularly (and made me work out with him). There was no way to miss his masculine musculature. He had great abs and pecs and biceps. But he also had the softest skin I've ever felt. Even softer than a woman. He was also nearly hairless. His pubic hair was neatly groomed, and he had little in the way of chest or armpit hair. When I kissed him, his skin tasted sweet.

Foreplay was sweet and long, with lots of kissing and touching. I loved the way Tad handled my cock. But he was also good with his hands in other ways. He was firm while kneading my shoulders and deft and gentle with my neck and face. He loved to squeeze my buttocks together and grind against me, something that made me reel with pleasure. Tad also uttered little moans and grunts while we loved, something that heightened my excitement.

Tonight, I wanted Tad in my mouth, so I slowly moved down his stomach to where his hard, eager cock waited. I nuzzled it ardently, inhaling its smell, giving it little kisses up and down the shaft. I circled the head with my tongue, feigning swallowing it, then went back down the shaft again. When I could stand it no longer, I quickly went back up the shaft and engulfed Tad's cock with my mouth. I moaned as his warm, hard rod filled me. I was totally in love with his cock. Cock-drunk, that's what I was. I sucked him hard, then slurped him juicily while using my hand on him. A faint saltiness reached me. Pre-cum, that's what I was tasting. I wanted more, and sucked him a little harder.

Tad was starting to moan continuously and I thought happily, here comes my reward, my mouthful of Tad-cum. But then I felt his hands on my face, gently lifting me off. I disengaged reluctantly, still enraptured over his cock, and looked questioningly at him. "Cliff, baby," he said smiling, "I want your butt tonight."

I swallowed hard. Tad and I had been together for a little over a month. We had made love lots of time, but until now, I had always been the one who put my cock into Tad's bum. So, I was a little nervous, but totally willing to have him do it, if it would make him happy.

"Okay," I said. "How do you want me?"

"On your hands and knees, baby, with your butt up in the air," he replied with a somewhat evil glint in his eye.

I got on my hands and knees and stuck my hairy butt right up at Tad. I felt his breath on my butthole, followed by a quick, light sweep of his tongue. "Oh yes," I heard him murmur. The next thing I felt was a cold glop of lubricant on my asshole. My heart lurched a little. Now, I confess that at times during my life, I've stuck things up my butt when masturbating. But they'd always been little things: candles and things like that. I'd never experienced anything really big before and, while Tad wasn't huge, he had a respectably sized cock.

"You're my first, Tad," I said. "Please be gentle with me."

"Don't worry, Cliff. I'll be gentle with you. But I'm horny tonight and I need to fuck."

The next thing I knew, I felt the end of his cock against the puckered opening of my butthole. I shifted a little, giving him a better angle. I could feel myself giving way to his slow, steady pressure. It started to hurt a little.

"That hurts a little," I said.

"Okay," Tad said. "I'll slow down."

I don't think he slowed down. But, at least he didn't speed up. He continued his slow, insistent pressure on my asshole. Slowly, he wedged the tip of his well-lubricated cock into me. It didn't exactly feel good, but it didn't feel bad either. It just felt...big.

"Slow, baby, slow!" I grunted.

No answer from Tad. He was concentrating. I remembered the handful of times I'd taken my ex-wife's asshole. She had not really enjoyed it, but when I was doing it, I did not care. I was totally focused on getting into that thing. And, let's face it, it felt good on my cock. A butthole feels different from a pussy. Tighter, more muscular, and just plain more naughty.

There was a rush of feeling as the head of Tad's cock popped past the opening. I groaned in mixed pleasure-pain. "How's that, Cliff?" Tad said archly.

"Okay," I grunted, but don't shove it in yet. Let me get used to it."

Tad held still while my ass stopped freaking out. After a couple of minutes, it settled down, and I said, "Okay, baby, push him on in."

Tad needed no more urging. He pushed the rest of his slippery prick as deeply into my ass as he could. I groaned again. This was like nothing I'd ever felt before. I was glad he had used a lot of lube. I could feel his pubic hairs rubbing against the cheeks of my ass. Then he started thrusting, and I was nearly overwhelmed by the sensation. My own cock began to swell. Tad gripped me by the hips and I buried my face into the pillow, grunting with every thrust. I shifted a little to give him a better angle and take him deeper. My asshole was definitely getting stretched tonight. At first, it felt a little bad, but then it began to feel better. Warmer and more intimate. I felt very, very close to Tad. He withdrew until he was almost out, twirled around some, then plunged back in. He varied his strokes, sometimes going deep, other times shallow. All the time, he kept murmuring and muttering "Oh baby, yes! Your butt feels so good, Cliff! I really needed this tonight, lover! I hope you're ready for some cum, 'cause I'm gonna give you a real load!"

Totally into it by now, I replied in kind, "Yeah, baby? Are you going to give me all your hot cum? Oh Tad, it feels so good!" Just when I didn't think it could feel better, it did. Tad bent down a little, hunching over me close and tight. I felt his hand close around my cock. He started jacking me off at the same time he was fucking me. I could feel the pre-cum dribbling out. Tad rubbed his thumb, slippery with my pre-cum, over the head of my cock. "Oh baby," I cried out, "that's gonna make me cum!"

"I'm really close now, Cliff. Does my big cock feel good in your tight ass?"

"Oh yes, yes baby! It does feel good, so good.!"

"Then I'm going to cum. Cum in your ass, Cliff darling. Oh! Ungg! Oh baby, here it cums!!" 

His movements got spastic and jerky. He had taken his hand off my cock and now gripped my hips again. He gave several inarticulate grunts and thrust deeply as his seed jetted from his cock into my asshole. Tad continued to thrust until exhaustion overtook him and he slipped out of me and collapsed to the bed.

I laid down beside him, my cock still rock-hard. My asshole was singing with his onslaught. I quickly gripped my cock and with a few strokes, masturbated until I had cum all over Tad's belly. There was a lot of semen, and I rubbed my cock in it, smearing it all around. The room was filled with the scent of asshole, and semen, and sex. Tad leaned over and kissed me roughly on the mouth, our tongues grappling. I confess I had never experienced him like this. 

I liked it, though.

"Whew! I needed that!" Tad said, breathing heavily.

"Man, I've never seen you like that," I said. "You were an animal."

"You mean, I wasn't your nice demure little gay lover?" he asked. "How did you like it?"

"I liked it. But it was...different." I was trying not to offend. I loved Tad, but tonight he hadn't been the Tad I knew. It would take a little getting used to.

"Don't get worried, Cliff. I'm not like that much. But sometimes, I just need to fuck, and I mean right then. Didn't your wife ever get that way?"

"Who, Margaret?" I snorted. "Not hardly. No, I actually liked being taken tonight. Let's do it again sometime."

"We will," he said drowsily, already drifting off to sleep.

We woke up about seven-thirty. We took turns going to the bathroom, as men have been doing since time immemorial, then climbed back into bed. We snuggled together for a few minutes, then Tad gently grasped my cock. I immediately started to get hard. I closed my eyes, enjoying the feeling.

"What have we here, a little problem?" he asked.

"You could say so," I murmured.

"Well, I guess I'll have to take care of it before I go."

Without further adieu, (which was one of the things I loved about Tad) he took me into him mouth and began sucking me gently. I lay back on the bed and enjoyed the sensations. At times like these, I couldn't help but compare Tad to my former wife. Margaret had been adequate in the sex department, but only just so. For example, when she'd go down on me, she'd hesitate and play around and take forever to actually do the thing. I believe she thought she was teasing me, but the message I was receiving was reluctance. She was hoping that I'd just fuck her and get it over with. Tad was completely different and much, much better. For one thing, Tad really loved to suck cock. For another thing, he was very good at it. With him, teasing was really teasing, and then he got down to business. Take now, for instance. Tad was kissing my cock up and down the shaft, nuzzling it lovingly. I could feel his lips and tongue tracing the route of the big vein on the underside. He nibbled on the tip and swirled his tongue around on it. Then he'd give me a few gentle tugs before plunging down and taking me into his mouth. Oh, and Tad had this thing he did with his teeth. When he was really into it, I would sometimes feel his teeth scrape me ever so gently. Not enough to hurt, but just enough to let me know they were there. It added a little danger to his fellatio.

I could feel his teeth now, along with the working of his throat, and his tongue traveling lazily over my cock. I groaned a little, closing my eyes and opening my body and mind up to the exquisite sensations. Tad hunkered down a little, laying his head on my belly. His fingers traced little trails of pleasure up and down my shaft and he played in the hairs on my balls. Then he took me gently in his hand and tugged three or four times, resulting in pulses of pleasure. I felt a momentary coolness as he disengaged briefly before swallowing me again.

"I'm going to cum very soon," I managed to say.

"Mmmmm," was what I got in return.

Tad started sucking and jerking me in earnest then. He wasn't rough or anything, but I knew that he meant business. He meant me to cum. Momentary coolness again. "Cum in my mouth, lover," he whispered before engulfing me. This time, Tad took me as deep as he possibly could. My entire cock was in his mouth. I could feel the back of his throat with the super-sensitive head. The pleasure was intense. I cradled his head gently, running my fingers through his fine hair. I couldn't help but thrust a little, get a little...bit...deeper. I felt like I was being transported to another plane of being. This plane contained only Tad and me and the feeling of losing myself in him, in his mouth.

Without realizing it, I was practically sobbing now. This had to be the best blowjob I'd ever gotten from anyone. I was completely spread-eagled on the bed. I had given myself over completely to Tad and the pleasure he was causing.

Finally, there came the little tickle of pleasure-pain that I always feel before ejaculating. It started at the base of my cock and grew and grew until it formed a little knot of feeling. Abstractly, I knew what it was. It was my semen gathering, growing in weight and quantity, ready to fly out of my cock. A few more sucks, a few more seconds, and I would cum gloriously into Tad's eager mouth.

The contractions started and it felt like I left my body as I flew away on a wave of pure pleasure and pumped bolt after bolt of hot, aching sperm into Tad's mouth. I grunted over and over again, past all control, thrusting gently. Tad moaned as I gave him my essence, sucking and swallowing, sucking and swallowing. Finally the pleasure became acute, almost painful. Tad sensed this immediately and pulled off, sucking hard as he did so. I was taking huge breaths, still riding the wave of pleasure as it subsided. Tad flopped beside me. He reached down and, in a few movements, masturbated to climax beside me. There was semen everywhere. Some little part of me was proud that Tad had mine inside him.

We lay like that for a few minutes, then Tad said, "Well, if I'm going, I'd better get packed."

"How long do you think you'll be gone?" I asked.

"Hopefully not more than three or four days," he said. "I suppose it depends on whether she gets better or not."

"Are there any old boyfriends at home that I should worry about?" I asked, half-jokingly.

He stopped and looked at me. "Nope," he said. "No old boyfriends. I never lived the lifestyle when I was at home."

"But your family knows you're gay," I said.

"They know. I told them years ago. Fortunately, it's just not an issue, at least with my immediate family."

Tad packed carefully for the next hour or so. He was always very picky about his clothes and his grooming, and he obviously didn't need my help. So, I went into the kitchen and made coffee. He didn't like to eat heavily before traveling, so we had bagels and cream cheese.

When he was ready to go, we stood at the door. "Okay, well, I'll see you in a few days," he said.

"Okay," I said.

We kissed, hard, then embraced for a long time. "I hope your mom's okay." I said.

"I hope so to. I'll be back as soon as I can."

"What about work?" I asked. "Do you need me to call them?"

"No. I'll take care of that. Well, I'd better get on the road." He picked up his bags and opened the door. We walked out to the car.

"Drive carefully, Tad. I mean that. Do you need any cash?"

"Gosh, Cliff, you sound like my Dad. No, I don't need any cash. I'll be fine."

"Okay. Call me tonight. If you can, I mean."

"Count on it," he said. He started to get in the car, then leaned in for one more kiss. I kissed him hungrily.

"I love you," I stammered. Tad looked at me and smiled, then made a kissing motion with his lips. He got into his car, backed out and drove away.

It was a beautiful Saturday morning. I was standing in the parking lot of my lover's apartment complex. He had just left, and I was looking at the rest of the weekend alone, without him. I wasn't sure what I was going to do with the rest of the day.

Wait a minute, I told myself. You've lived alone for a while. There are plenty of things to do, plenty of things to occupy yourself. There was housework and yard work and reading and a couple of movies you wanted to watch and you hadn't updated your Facebook page in forever. It would be all right, I told myself.

But I was still a little lonely.

Still, I couldn't very well make a fuss about this. Family came before everything. And, this was his mother, after all. At that moment, I sincerely hoped the old gal would be fine, and Tad would come back to me soon.
