 I entered the new apartment with anticipation and a bit of fear. We discussed erotic massage but I was unsure of exactly what I was walking into... Is he a good guy, will he respect boundaries and go at the speed to make me comfortable, or will it get out of hand? If I were to get beaten up or robbed I can't really call the police... What am I worried about?! I have done this before and he seemed like a good guy on email?... oy!

Then I meet him and at once I am at ease. He shakes hands and gives me a light hug and welcomes me to make me feel much more at ease. He wants to talk first and hands me a glass of wine. We get comfortable and he asks me if I want to get on the table, and I say sure, quickly. I am now starting to get excited. I take my clothes off and lie face down naked, making sure I spread my legs enough to let him know I am cool with the massage. I look up and see he has stripped down to his underwear, which is kind of exciting... Wonder where this is going?!

He starts with a pretty deep massage on my back and neck using just a little bit of sweet smelling oil. He finds some knots quickly and I start to moan, as it is great and I really start to relax. He then moves to my head and he leans in a bit and blows in my ear, which sends a shiver down my body.

He then starts in on my legs and feet, which relaxes me and gets my dick to relax from its semi-hard state. Eventually he starts to work up my thighs to my inner thighs and starts to gently brush my balls, as if by accident, which starts the engorgement of my penis all over again. He then starts working my glutes and occasionally starts lightly stroking my asshole which gets me fully hard. He takes his time on my ass, and I notice he is starting to lean into me on the table and his penis is clearly semi hard as well, and right near my hand, so I reach up and start to tickle it slowing while he is rubbing me. Soon he too is hard as a brick, and while he may not be quite as large as me, he has a thick, ample, smooth dick which feels great. 

He stops for a moment and I hear the sound of him lowering and tossing his underwear to the side. When he begins to work again I discover he indeed is naked and I grab his penis with more enthusiasm, as he is now working almost exclusively on my asshole. Suddenly he leans over the table more and I feel this amazing feeling in my ass opening and realize he is rolling his tongue around my asshole like he was eating an ice cream cone on a hot day. I didn't think it was possible but I get even harder and more excited and I start to moan and purr all at once. I lose my grip on his cock as my concentration, my whole world, seems to be centered on the amazing sensations pulsing from his tongue in my ass throughout the rest of my body!

After what seemed like an eternity, but was really only a few minutes, he pulls his moth away and I feel a cool gel being applied to and a bit inside my hole. I then feel him start to push a finger in, slowly at first, and then a little faster and deeper. As I am a relative novice at this being a married formally only straight guy, I start to panic a bit, but then my pure lust takes over and I again start to moan like a cheap prostitute trying to excite a client. "I find myself begging him and he complies, but slowly and methodically. It is at this point when I realize that he owns me. Oh my god, please do more. I loooooove that! Please do more" I practically yell at him, and he just giggles to himself and says, "don't worry lover, we will get there". OMG, I sound like a chick, and well I guess it's kind of like that.

He slows his roll a bit and returns to rubbing my glutes, lower back and upper thighs, and I relax a bit, but remain really excited. Suddenly I realize that his hard dick is right by my face and I turn my head and take his smooth dick into my mouth, and I hear him let out a satisfied moan. My sucking doesn't even slow him up as he continues his massage but he is getting a bit softer. Suddenly he moves lower again and I am surprised to find that I miss the sensation of his pulsing dick in my mouth, which surprises me... Have I crossed some threshold where I am truly bisexual, and is it true that I love gay sex as much as sex with a woman? Wow, a new way to think!

My thoughts were interrupted by the feeling of a warm gel going on and into my hole. I was so excited that I had no hesitation although having someone's tongue up there was as far as I had ever gone. Then I felt something being inserted and I gasped as I realized he was putting a dildo of some kind up my ass, slowly at first but quickly. He hit an area that hurt a bit and he told me to relax and take a deep breath, which I did. "Take a sniff of this", he said and I smelled an odor from a bottle he had put under my nose and I felt my hear race a bit and I relaxed more and feel a tingling in my head. I heard the words "poppers" and "help you relax" but little else. I felt a deeper penetration of my ass and it was no longer uncomfortable, it was amazing.

This lasted for a while and he asked me if I wanted him to fuck me. I was so turned on I almost shocked myself when "God yes, do me stud!" came out of my mouth. He put on a condom, spent a good few minutes reapplying the slippery gel in my asshole, and gave me the bottle I previously sniffed to hold, and asked me to take another deep breadth in each nostril. He had turned me over so I was face up, and he moved me right to the end of the massage table, which was close to the wall. He instructed me to lift my legs and put my feel on the wall, exposing my ass and leaving me feeling like a woman giving birth! When I felt the tip of his dick start to enter me I took a whiff of the poppers and the next thing I know I was being fucked by a pro! It was truly heaven and I was shocked at how much I was enjoying it. My pre-cum was boiling up and he realized that I was ridiculously excited. He slowly pulled out of me, bent down and started to lick and suck everywhere below my penis and started to actively jerk me off. This was as exciting a feeling as I ever had! He continued for a few more minutes, with me moaning loudly, until I could hold it no longer, let out a huge scream and came like a bullet train on a straightaway!

When I caught my breath (not easy), I told my masseur that I needed to make sure he came too. He laid down on the table face up and I started to lick and suck his nipples and grabbed his dick which was covered in pre-cum. "You seem excited my friend, maybe we can help to relax you?" I teased, and started lightly running my fingers over his abdomen to his upper thighs and he started to thrust his pelvis. I grabbed his hips and took his engorged manhood deep into my mouth and throat. I tickled his asshole, and after a few minutes, using some of his pre-cum that had dripped down as a lube, I stuck a finger in his ass and took him deep in my throat. It only took a few seconds but he came like a mad man, which was hotter than I could believe. I swallowed as much as I could, spit out a bit, then took him back in my mouth till he was soft, but still breathing hard...

We made arrangements to meet again in 2 weeks when I returned to town on another business trip, and I have to say I can't wait as I feel sexually reborn!!