 This story contains homosexual content. If you are offended by that subject, please read no more. 

*****

My name is Joe and I have been married for about 3 years. I am 44, 6-3, 220 lbs, bald and in average shape. I work with a guy named Mac and have known him for over 20 years when he got hired at my job when he was 18. Mac is now 38 and also married. Mac is 5-11, 170 lbs, short brown hair and thin in stature.

Mac and I, along with our wives have gone out socially together a lot. On many of those occasions, Mac and I outwardly flirt with each other, but not in an obvious way. Our wives know how goofy Mac and I are but don't think of our flirting as anything but silliness. Little do they know we have drunk texted each other pictures of our dicks and even confessed to each other that we would suck each other off if given the right set of circumstances. 

Mac came to me one day at work and told me that he just got a company email that said he had to go to Austin, Texas for training. He asked if I was being sent to training also. I went to my office and pulled up my email and found the same training notice in my inbox. The training was scheduled in 2 weeks and instantly realized it was bad timing for me because I had other things planned during that time. I went to Mac's office to tell him.

"I have to go too", I said.

Mac excitedly said, "Cool! We can get drunk all week!"

I said, "I have shit planned at home during that week."

Mac said, "I'll be bored off my ass if you don't go! Plus, the email said it is mandatory training, so you can't back out."

"I'm not gonna back out, but now I have to rearrange everything."

During the next 2 weeks, the pictures we've sent each other and the talk about sucking each other's cock crossed my mind a few times. I got mildly excited thinking about the possibility, but didn't think anything more of it. It was just another typical kinky thought that crosses my mind.

The two weeks went by and we flew to Austin. When we arrived, we checked into our rooms. I was on the 9th floor and Mac was on the 12th floor. We agreed to drop our luggage and immediately head out for dinner.

There was a sports bar next door to the hotel and was highly recommended by the hotel staff. We went next door and found a great spot at the bar where we could watch baseball on the television. After dinner and 3 or 4 beers, Mac pulled out his cell phone and started looking through his pictures. I glanced over as he was scrolling and saw the picture of a penis go by.

"Wait! What was that?"

Mac reversed his scrolling and clicked on the dick pic. When it came up, he pointed his phone toward me and quietly said, "It's your cock."

I asked, "You still have it?"

Mac said, "Of course I do! It's my prized possession!"

I laughed and asked, "Prized possession or blackmail material?"

Mac smiled. "Maybe a little of both."

As we continued drinking, we did a little of our usual flirting, but then went back to watching the game. I got a little horny at the thought of Mac still having a picture of my cock in his phone. After another hour or so of drinking, we decided to head back to the hotel. As we walked toward the hotel, the thought of being here for a full week with Mac made me legitimately curious. I had never been with another man, but I was pretty sure I could get Mac to play with me if I went about it the right way. I could feel my flaccid penis dripping in my boxers as we made small talk while we walked. 

We arrived at the hotel and entered the elevator. As soon as the door closed, Mac said, "It's pretty late. What are you going to do the rest of the night?"

"I'm probably just gonna jack off real quick and get ready for bed. Training starts early."

Mac said, "Jack off, huh?"

We both laughed.

The elevator stopped at the 9th floor and I told Mac goodnight. As I walked off the elevator and the door began to close, Mac said, "Send me a picture of it."

I put my hand out to stop the elevator door from closing and asked, "What?"

Mac had an awkward look on his face and said, "Send me a picture of you jacking off."

I was a little shocked when he said that because I felt like he really wasn't showing much interest in me at the bar. I got butterflies in my stomach as I thought of the response.

I nervously smiled back and said, "Why don't you come take the picture yourself?"

Mac instantly replied, "I never thought you'd ask."

I laughed, turned around and said "Goodnight" as I walked toward my hotel room.

Just when I thought I was alone, I heard, "Wait for me."

I turned around and saw Mac following behind me. I smiled, we walked to my room and went inside.

I turned around toward Mac and asked, "So, you really want to take a picture of this?"

The instant I finished my last word, Mac grabbed my pants and pulled my zipper down. He put his hands inside my fly and began searching for my cock. I was blown away by his outward desire to get to my man meat and decided to let him see all of it.

"Let me help you."

I unbuttoned my pants, let them drop to the floor and then yanked my boxers down to my ankles. Mac went to his knees and looked my semi hard cock eye to eye. Mac had the look of a kid in a candy store and quickly put my dick in his hand. He pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and pointed it at my cock.

He said, "I want to get a picture of it in my hand."

As Mac lined his phone up to take the picture, he began slowly stroking my quickly growing cock shaft. He said, "I want a picture of it, hard."

We had already gotten this far and wanted him to put me in his mouth. Now was the time to seize the moment, so I put my hand on the back of Mac's head and pulled his face in toward my cock. Mac stared straight at my penis as it moved closer and closer. Mac now realized what I wanted and put his phone on the floor.

As the tip of my cock reached his face, Mac spread his lips and allowed my cock head to enter his mouth. I released my hand and allowed his grip to take control of my penis. His head continued forward as my cock moved deeper into his throat. Mac pulled his head back and moved my cock out of his mouth, looked directly at the tip of my cock and said, "I never thought I'd really be doing this." He quickly put me back in his mouth and started sucking my cock again.

Mac started sliding his hand and mouth up and down my cock shaft simultaneously. As he gained confidence, his movements gained speed and his rhythm became consistent. Only a couple minutes passed when I began to feel my orgasm slowly approaching. Mac's technique was so amazing that it was hard to believe he was a first time cocksucker, but at this point I didn't care.

"Dude, slow down. You're gonna make me cum."

Mac groaned as he heard that and picked up his speed. Just a few minutes ago he became an impromptu cocksucker, but his excitement showed he was now a willing participant. My load began climbing my raging cock shaft and wasn't stopping.

I growled deeply and announced my imminent orgasm, "I'm gonna cum!"

I tried to pull myself out of Mac's mouth but he continued pulling and slurping on my cock. I had no other option but to cum now. I groaned loud as my cock tensed up and pulsed over and over again as I released my seed deep into my flirt buddy's throat. Mac groaned loudly and his movements became unorthodox as he felt my load collide with his tonsils. Shot after shot aggressively sprayed into his mouth. He slowed his cock sucking to a crawl as my orgasm eventually subsided.

Mac stood up, walked to my bathroom and spit my semen into the toilet. He turned around toward me, smiled and wiped the residual seed from his face. Mac walked toward me and bent down to pick up his phone.

As Mac walked out the door, he looked back with a smile and said, "I guess I'll have to get my picture tomorrow."