 This is Chapter 2 of "Mac and Me." Please read each Chapter in order as the story will flow better and make more sense. This story contains homosexual content. If you are offended by male on male contact, please read no further.

*****

Mac and Me: Chapter 2

As I watched Mac walk out of my room, every thought imaginable went through my mind. My mind was slightly scrambled by realizing that a man had just given me head, but I was also elated that I finally had the intimate moment with Mac that I had been fantasizing about for so long. After the door closed, I wondered how odd it will be tomorrow morning when our training starts, but there was no erasing the facts now. 

Based on Mac's exiting comment, it was clear to me that more was to come and the week was going to be an interesting one, to say the least. As a married man, surprisingly I had no guilt from receiving the blow job from Mac. In my mind, same sex is not cheating. My drunk wife kissed one of her coworkers at a party a few years ago, and she was surprised that I wasn't mad about it. Actually, my ultimate fantasy is an all-out bisexual foursome with my wife. I've always been intrigued by the thought of having no limits in bed. 

Anyway, I took a quick shower and went to bed but had a hard time falling asleep as my mind continually raced. It didn't help either that my hotel bed was very uncomfortable, but I apparently fell asleep at some point because I woke up to my alarm going off. It was pretty obvious that my dreams were about Mac because I woke up with a raging hard on. I would normally polish off a morning woody, but this time I wanted to keep it for later. 

When I went downstairs and entered the training room, Mac saw me enter and waved me over to his table. There was one empty chair, right next to him. "I saved a seat for you."

As I sat down, Mac had already met everyone and quickly introduced me to the table. As the table talk died down, butterflies entered my stomach. This was my first encounter with Mac after he sucked me off and the moment seemed a little awkward for us both. 

After a long paused, Mac broke the ice and quietly asked, "How did you sleep?"

"Not so good. My bed is uncomfortable."

Mac whispered, "Maybe you can ask the front desk to switch your room."

I just nodded yes.

Then Mac casually leaned over to my ear and whispered, "Or you can sleep in mine."

I smiled and looked at Mac as he leaned back in his chair. The awkwardness just ended and my horniness just restarted. 

The next 8 hours of sitting next to Mac in a classroom was absolute torture. I don't remember a single thing that was discussed because all I could think about was being alone with him again. The 10 minute breaks were even more difficult because we were surrounded by hundreds of people who killed time by standing around and making small talk. I couldn't even flirt with Mac because we were surrounded by hundreds of people the whole time. They wanted to talk about training and all I could think about was sucking Mac's dick and tasting his cum just like he tasted mine. 

At the last break of the day, I finally got a few moments alone with Mac. 

I asked him, "So, where do you want to go for dinner?"

Mac smiled and said, "Let's stay in and order pizza."

At that moment, all the blood in my body went straight to my cock. Not only was I excited that he wanted to be alone with me again, but I loved his assertiveness. At work, I am more of the assertive one and Mac is more of the peace keeper. The switch was a huge turn on! 

As soon as class ended, Mac and I walked through the hotel lobby together and past the front desk. Mac said, "Here's your chance to change rooms." I kept walking and said, "I like your idea better." Once on the elevator, we told each other that we are going back to our rooms to call our wives and check in. 

Mac said, "Text me when you're done and we'll figure out dinner."

I said, "I need to run to the store to get some beer, so it'll be a little while." The elevator opened and I went to my room. I talked to my wife for about 10 minutes and then went to the liquor store on the corner. 

When I got back to my room, I put the beer in the refrigerator and jumped in the shower. My thoughts were on Mac as I showered, my cock growing as I thought about all the possibilities. The visions of all the cock pictures he's sent me made me wonder what it looked like in person. Mac always made comments about how big his dick is, but it's hard to tell in the pictures. The only thing I could really tell was that his cock seemed thicker than mine. I really wanted to find out and was determined to suck his cock when I got the chance. 

I quickly cleaned up, touched up my manscaping and jumped out of the shower. Just then, my phone beeped. It was a text from Mac that said, "I ordered pizza to your room. I'll be down there in a few." This was all so real now and the butterflies in my stomach kicked in. 

I quickly put on a t-shirt and some basketball shorts. Just then, I heard a knock on my door and opened it to find Mac standing there in a hotel robe and flip flops. He walked past me, grabbed a beer from the refrigerator and plopped down on my couch. 

"The pizza should be here in about 30 minutes."

I closed the door and went to the fridge to grab myself a beer. As I leaned down and reached inside, Mac asked, "Do you think 30 minutes is enough time?" 

I asked, "Enough time for what?" 

As I closed the refrigerator and looked at Mac, I saw him sitting on my couch with his robe untied; his beer in one hand and his big semi hard cock in the other. 

"Is it enough time for you to take my picture?"

Just then, there was a knock at the door. "That was a fast 30 minutes!" I told Mac, "Hold that thought."

I went to the door and found a cute little blonde pizza delivery girl there. I would have normally started some flirty small talk with her, but the real prize was already inside my room. I quickly paid her and away she went. When I closed the door, I looked back and saw that the robe was now laying on the floor and Mac was completely naked on my couch. I had never seen Mac naked before and his thin, 5'11" body was gorgeous. 

I put the pizza on the counter and walked straight to him. As I approached, my eyes were focused on his beautiful penis the entire time. Mac's legs were spread slightly and his circumcised man meat was now hanging down, directly over his shaved ball sack. 

I knelt down at Mac's feet and said, "Now, about that picture."

I was now staring Mac's penis in the face, the cock that was the focus of my countless jerk off sessions. His penis was gorgeous, light pink in color, extremely veiny and it had a small amount of manicured pubic hair framing it. It didn't look any bigger than mine, but it was definitely thicker. The head of his cock was normal size, but the middle of his shaft was much thicker than the rest of his penis. 

Mac's shaft slowly began to grow as he watched me admire his package. My nerves were spiked, but I wasn't going to let this opportunity slip away. I reached up and softly grabbed onto the middle of his shaft and held onto it as it draped over the back of my hand. It felt warm and silky but quickly grew harder in my hand. I paused for a moment and stared at the tip of his penis, gaining the inner confidence to pay him back for the amazing cock sucking he gave me last night. 

Mac's cock was now completely hard and the veins were bulging prominently. He looked to be about 7 or 8 inches long, but his thickness made me wonder if I'd be able to get my mouth around it. I didn't want to wonder any longer, so I leaned forward and put my tongue on the underside of his cock head and slowly dragged my tongue upward. As I reached the tip of his cock head, Mac jumped a little as my tongue spread his urethra open as it passed by. 

Mac said calmly, "It's so sensitive." 

This was my first cock and I had no idea what I was doing, but I remembered that my wife always starts at my balls. I continued to grip him and pushed his shaft toward his stomach. Mac's tight ball sack was now completely exposed and I wasted no time sucking it into my mouth. His hot scrotum filled my entire mouth as I moved my tongue around, searching for each testicle one at a time. 

"Oh yeah, I love that."

My rock hard cock began dripping in my shorts when he said that. Mac didn't know it but talk during sex really turns me on. 

I popped his balls out and lowered his cock head to my mouth. I opened my mouth as wide as I could and pushed my face onto his cock. His cock head pushed past my lips and into my mouth. I closed my eyes and continued pressing my face toward his body as the thickness of his shaft reached my lips and forced my mouth wide open. I could feel the head of his cock making its way to the back of my throat as my lips stretched to their maximum. I was determined to take all of him and continued to press on until I felt the tip of his cock touch be back of my throat. 

I started to pull back, but Mac grabbed onto the back of my head and held his cock deep in my throat. Mac slowly lifted his body off of the couch and forced his cock even deeper into my mouth. My eyes began to water and my breathing became labored through my nose. I couldn't take it any longer, so I grabbed onto Mac's hands and broke his grip. I quickly pulled his massive meat from my mouth and stared at his cock in amazement while I took a quick moment to catch my breath. My eyes were watering like a waterfall, but I was surprised I didn't gag at all. I guess the years of practicing on my wife's dildo unintentionally prepared me for this moment. 

I said, "Fuck man. You are thick!"

Mac giggled.

"How does Kirsten gets all of it in her mouth?"

Mac said, "You've already gotten farther than she did her first couple times."

I said, "It's not difficult until you get half way. Your dick is shaped like a torpedo."

With that, I put Mac's cock back in my mouth and pushed him halfway into my throat. I felt like I was about to rob him of a great blow job, but half was all I could comfortably give him right now. I started sliding my hand up and down his thickness while my head bobbed up and down on his cock. His fat shaft felt so good in my hand and with a little time, I began to taste Mac's precum mix with my saliva. 

Mac quietly said, "Oh man...you're doing a great job. Keep going."

Mac's encouragement is all I needed to try deep throating him again. I gripped the base of his cock shaft as I pushed him back into my throat. The instant the tip of his penis reached full depth, Mac grabbed the back of my head with both hands and loudly said, "Oh fuck yeah!"

He gripped my head even harder when he felt me attempt to pull back. Mac said, "Dude, this is amazing." I realized at this moment that deep throating is his pleasure point, so I relaxed my jaw to allow him to enjoy my throat as long as he wanted. 

As I waited patiently, I remembered that I love to have my balls yanked, so I reached underneath and held onto his scrotum. Mac let out an audible awe as my hand explored his balls. Mac obviously enjoyed this too and slowly began to move his hips up and down just slightly. His tempo picked up pace as I explored his nut sack further, but his thrusts remained shallow. I found the base of his sack and wrapped my fingers around it and slowly squeezed. The tighter my grip became, the faster Mac's thrusted my throat. 

"Oh God! I love that!"

I eventually choked down completely with my grip and wanted to test his threshold, so yanked his balls downward. The sounds of pleasure coming from Mac had now turned to loud groaning and it wasn't long until his body completely tensed up and vibrated as he aggressively micro thrusted my throat at full speed. I knew it wouldn't be long until I got to taste him. 

"Oh yeah...pull my balls! Oh fuck yeah!"

I was so turned on at this point and wanted him to splash the back of my throat ASAP! I moved my hand down and cradled both of his testicles in my palm. I squeezed as hard as I could and instantly heard Mac cry out. I wasn't sure if his cries were from pain, pleasure or a combination of both but I found out instantly as his thrusts stopped and his seed began filling my mouth and throat. Mac tried holding the back of my head, but I was able to break free and pull his cock out of my mouth. I watched the cum gush out of his cock, volley after volley of beautiful seed pouring down the shaft of his fat cock for what seemed like an eternity. I wanted to taste all of it but I remained patient until his body relaxed and his orgasm subsided. 

I slurped up all of his semen until my mouth was filled with his seed, but I wasn't about to spit it out in the sink like he did to me. Just as our eyes met, he watched as I swallowed every drop of him. We both smiled as I stood up with a raging hard on and walked to the bathroom to clean up.

When I returned to the room, Mac had his robe back on and was eating a piece of pizza on the couch. I grabbed a piece and sat down next to him. 

After a few seconds, Mac asked, "Am I really your first guy?"

I said, "Yep."

He said, "That was great."

I said, "Thanks. But I forgot to take your picture."