 Mike and I have been messing about for almost a year now He lives next door and at eighteen is a few months younger than me. He is more delicately built than me and with longish fair hair has a slightly feminine look about him.

What we do started off as normal boyish behaviour. We began as many boys do by groping each other which quickly developed into extended wanking sessions. When the opportunity presents itself, we strip off and mess about, occasionally indulging in oral sex. This doesn't occur as often as we would like because we have to wait until his Mother and Sister are out of the house. Unfortunately my Mother, a semi invalid, is house-bound making it difficult for us to meet there.

Not long ago Mike sheepishly confessed to me that he had been masturbating while wearing a pair of his Sister's panties. This intrigued me so I asked him to let me see what he did. Going to her bedroom he returned, looking slightly embarassed, wearing a pair of wide legged pink nylon knickers, tented out by his rigid prick. I smiled reassuringly and putting my arm round his waist started to gently stroke his raging hard-on through the soft silky material. As I did so he began to tremble and gasp and urge his prick up and down in my hand. Obviously the effect on him was dramatic because almost immediately he spurted copius amounts of spunk into the briefs. Over the next few weeks he continued to rifle his Sister's wardrobe adding to the garments he wore. In addition to always wearing nylon or silk knickers he added a bra, which he padded with rolled up stockings, a slip and more recently a dress or blouse and mini skirt. He tried to get me to dress up as well but lingerie doesn't turn me on. My part in this always involved masturbating him through the panties or sucking his cock as it poked out of the leg opening. He rewarded me by masturbating or sucking me to an orgasm but often said that he wished I had a special fetish or kink that would let him give me the same pleasure.

Several weeks passed before it was again safe for us to meet. On reaching his bedroom we stood close together gently massaging each others rising cocks. After a few minutes he said that he had a confession to make. I immediately thought he had met a girl and wanted to end our relationship. Anxiously I waited to hear what he had to say. "You know how much I like dressing in silk and nylon, well that is not what I like to do best." I immediately thought he was going to say that he wanted to fuck but before I could ask what it was he continued. "I will have to show you." As usual he started to undress and motioned for me to do the same. He then started to put on the undies. He liked an audience and sometimes needed help with buttons or zips. This time he surprised me by stopping when he had only put on his bra and pants. Thinking he had finished I went to take him in my arms but he evaded me and left the room. When he returned, I could hardly believe my eyes, my heart almost stopped beating with excitement. Over his arm, neatly folded, he was carrying what I immediately recognised as a womans mackintosh. Shyly he handed it to me and asked me to help him put it on. I took the garment from him and carefully shook out the folds of the gorgeous material. It was of scarlet crepe silk lined with the softest pale pink rubber. For a moment I held it against my naked body and, while he watched in amazement I buried my face in the smooth rubber lining, inhaling the delicious aroma. Mark walked slowly towards me and turned with his arms out ready for me to help him put it on. Reluctantly I held it so that he could slip his arms into the sleeves. He shuddered slightly as he felt the cold rubber slide up his bare arms, across his shoulders and down his back. I pressed myself closely against him with my straining prick pressed hard into the silky cloth, while I reached round his body and slowly, one by one, fastened the buttons up to his neck. Then I passed the end of the wide belt through the gilt buckle and pulled it tightly round his waist. Lastly I placed the hood over his curls with the rubber lining against his cheeks.

He turned round to face me with a knowing look and taking a fold of the skirt in his hand slowly stroked my rampant cock with the smooth rubber lining.

"Now we have a secret passion to share," he said quietly, "stroking my cock faster. I knew I would cum in a few seconds if he continued so I held his hand still. "I want to enjoy much more before I cum," I said turning him round towards the bed. Standing behind him I began to caress his mackintosh clad body, gently sliding the rustling rubber over his stomach and down his legs. Reaching under the skirt of the mac I slid the knickers down his legs so that he could step out of them. Then with both hands thrust deep into the rubber lined pockets I slowly caressed his balls and rock hard cock with the slithery rubber lining. He gasped as I squeezed the tip and with two fingers moulded the rubber round the throbbing head now moistened with a drop or two of cum that oozed out of the slit. Grasping his cock more firmly I started rubbing it up and down with increasing speed. Almost at the peak of sexual excitement, I gently pushed him down onto the bed so that his groin was just resting on the edge. I then lifted the skirt of the mackintosh and folding it forward laid it across his buttocks rubber side uppermost. Spreading his legs wider I thrust a fold of the rubberised silk into the cleft of his ass and leaning forward I pushed my eager prick into this delicious channel. Gripping Mark round the waist I began a fucking motion and as I moved forward, Mark was also pushed forward with his prick also sliding on the rubber lining and as I slid my prick back so I pulled him back. Our enjoyment was enhanced by both the wonderful rubbery smell and the music of the rustling mackintosh. Gradually the pace increased until our ultimate goal was reached and we flooded the rubber lining with many copious spurts of our spunk.

Exhausted we lay for several minutes before rising up to sit side by side on the edge of the bed. "That was wonderful," exclaimed Mark, smiling at me and taking my hand said, "Thank you, I have always been excited by mackintoshes but thought I was the only one and was scared to tell anybody." I have been passionately fond of rubber mackintoshes all my life," I replied, "and at last I have found someone who will share my love with me."