 WARNING: I tend to use the "n-word" in my stories quite a bit. If you cannot handle reading that word, then this story isn't for you! Remember that this is a work of fiction and should not be taken seriously by anyone.

===================================

I tried my best to sit still. I couldn't help but squirm and rub my ass on my chair. I looked up at my boss...well, my Master actually. Javon was a massive black man about 7 feet tall. He was in charge of the entire law firm. He sat at the end of the table as I tried my best to sit still. We did nothing but stare at each other for the entire meeting. No one realized that for years I had been serving this man in every way I could. 

I used to lead a normal life; I have a wife and a 9 to 5 job...but all that changed when Javon took over the law firm. The first second I looked at that massively muscled black god, I just couldn't believe my eyes. As years went by, I did everything I could for the man. Even just being in his presence would fill me with strange feelings of lust. At this point in my life, I haven't had sex with my wife in years. I just can't seem to be turned on by her anymore, now that Javon is in my life.

"Simon, are you even listening to all this?" Javon said in an angry tone.

"Of course, sir. I would do anything for you, sir." The rest of the lawyers at the table gave me confused looks. Javon seemed content with my answer and continued talking with the rest of the lawyers.

"Excuse me, sir...may I be excused to the restroom?" I said, while sliding my ass back and forth in my chair.

"Yeah...I bet you've got something to take care of, huh? Fine...go!" He said, in a seductive tone. I rushed out of the room, grabbing my briefcase, and ran into the bathroom. I quickly locked myself in a stall, hoping no one would come into the bathroom. I yanked down my pants and squatted over the floor. I reached back and felt the huge plastic base of my butt plug slowly slide out of me. I kept pushing harder and harder.

"Ahhhh. Fuck!" I finally felt the bulbous head squeeze past my asshole. With a loud bang, the huge butt plug fell to the floor. I picked it up and held it up to my face, admiring how much I could take in my ass. It wasn't necessarily a 'long' object, as most butt plugs aren't, but it was incredibly wide. The girth of it was about as wide as my fist. I threw down the butt plug and reached my hands back to my ass. One by one, all 10 of my fingers slid into my ass at the same time. I pulled apart my ass, stretching it from both sides. Just hearing the wet sloshing sound of my fingers widening my raw ass made me incredibly horny. 

I grabbed my briefcase and opened it as quickly as I could. I threw the butt plug inside it and withdrew a massive dildo. It was about 13 inches long and incredibly thick. I couldn't even completely reach my fingers around the massive girth of this fake cock. It was dark black and covered in bulbous veins. Just trying to lift this thing up was a workout by itself. I slammed the suction cup base down on the floor and watched as the foot long shaft wobbled back and forth below my ass.

"Please, sir...please tear me apart with that monster nigger cock." I playfully said, pretending Javon was here with me. I slammed my ass down and watched as 13 inches of girthy fake black cock tore its way into my already gaping ass.

"Fucking hell, that feels good!" I quietly screamed to myself, while jumping up and down on the monster dildo. Ensuring that every last inch was squeezed inside of me, I slammed my ass down against the cold tile and lifted it back up. The sound of my ass continuing to slap against the tile echoed through the entire bathroom. I just couldn't resist anymore! I grabbed my hard 3 inch dick and jerked it a couple of times. A couple little spurts of cum dripped out, and I fell to the floor. 

As my ass slid away from the suctioned dildo, I heard the wet flopping sound of it sliding out of my butt. I reached back to feel just how wide I had gotten my ass to gape this time. To my surprise, my wet sloppy hole was opened about as wide as my fist. I tried to compose myself as best I could. I threw the giant dildo back in my briefcase and put my clothes back on. I left the bathroom and went back to Javon's office. The meeting room was completely empty, except for Javon sitting at his desk. I smiled and closed the door behind me, ensuring that we could have some privacy.

"You missed the rest of the meeting, faggot." Javon said with his booming voice.

"Please, sir...don't be angry with me. Looking at you made we want to shove something in my worthless slave ass." I said, while starting to kneel in front of his desk. I started to get that hungry feeling again. Even though I had just tore apart my ass with a foot long dildo, looking at Javon was driving me insane. Even though he was wearing a nice button-down shirt, I could still make out every ripple of his muscled chest.

"Oh, yeah?" He said in an inquisitive tone. "Why don't you show me that ruined white boy pussy!" I smiled with excitement and pulled down my pants. Feeling the cold air rush into my wide-open asshole made me shiver a bit. He walked over toward me and leaned down above my ass. "Now that's what I like to see." He said, while rubbing a finger around the raw sides of my gape. "One day, this is what all white holes will look like." I always loved hearing Javon talk about his dreams of dominating and enslaving the white race. Feeling his finger rummage around in my loose ass was driving me crazy!

"Master, please fuck my faggot hole." He kicked my ass cheek and sent me flying against the floor.

"You'll take my nigga dick when I SAY you can take it! Got it, slave?" Even being kicked by him made me hornier.

"Of course, Master. This slave will do anything for you."

"I haven't had my cock sucked in a few hours." I was dreaming about him fingering my ass, that I almost didn't hear him. "Bitch, if you don't start sucking my dick soon...you'll be sucking it without any teeth!" I sprung back to consciousness and spun around. Still kneeling before him, I leaned my head right under his crotch. I couldn't help but lick my lips as he started to pull down the zipper of his pants. Only barely fitting through the fly of his pants, he pushed his massive limp dick through the hole. He dropped his heavy cock and let it slam against the top of my head. 

I stared up in awe as his monster cock weighed my head down. I was amazed when I felt the head of his cock touch the top the back of my neck. I remembered that he was incredibly hung...but he seemed to have gotten even bigger since then. His dick must have been at least 16 inches long to reach from his pants, over the top of my head, and down to the back of my neck!

"Sir...your superior cock seems to have gotten even bigger!" He just chuckled a bit and grabbed his cock at the base. He threw it up and down, slapping his heavy dick against the top of my head.

"I guess they don't teach you about nigga dicks in white schools, huh? Nigga dicks continue to grow throughout the entire nigga's life...unlike little white dicks." I tilted my head back so that his monster dick was now resting on top of my face and mouth. I pushed out my tongue and licked as many inches of his girthy soft dick as I could. I watched a smile appear on his face as I spit and slobbered over the base of his cock. "That's a good little faggot slave." He said, while resting his fingers against my mouth. 

"Now let's make sure that mouth is nice and opened wide." He pushed his cock over to the side. With a wet flop, it slid off my face and slammed against my shoulder. I could feel his hot throbbing dickhead reaching all the way down to the middle of my back. Without any patience or courtesy, he jammed all 5 of his fingers into my mouth at the same time. I gagged and choked a bit, trying to hold back the urge to puke. He just kept reaching further into my throat. 

"Don't worry, faggot. I'm just getting your mouth ready for my monster nigga cock!" He said with a maniacal look on his face. Bubbles of my spit popped out of my mouth, as he finally reached his entire fist in my mouth. I felt my mouth close around the wrist of his hand, as his fingers banged around in my throat. He pulled it all out in one rough yank. Thick strings of my drool clung to his hand and dripped out onto my chest.

"I'm ready, sir! I need that nigger dick in my mouth." I said, while panting and choking for air. Suddenly, the phone at his desk rang. As he turned to walk away, his long dangling cock fell from my shoulders and slapped against his pants. He walked over to the phone and picked it up.

"What?" He asked, in a demanding tone. I just knelt there with drool still dripping out of my mouth. He slammed the phone down and walked back over to me. "A big client is here in the city, and he wants a meeting with us now. I guess you'll just have to wait for this nigga dick till later." He reached down and coiled up the 16 inches of soft meat into a bundle and jammed it back into his pants. I almost started to cry as I watched him turn away from me with the massive bulge in his pants.

"Please, Master...I need something. I don't think I can handle waiting anymore!" I pleaded, while squirming in place with anticipation. He suddenly smiled, as if an interesting thought just hit him. He reached into one of his desk drawers and pulled out a huge rubber black fist. As he walked over towards me, I got a better look at it. The middle finger was pointed up, as if to say 'fuck you'. What amazed me most is that it was about twice the size of a normal man's fist. It must have been about 7 inches wide at the knuckles! This freakishly huge sex toy was as wide as most dicks are long! He flopped the rubber fist around in front of my face. At the base of the cock were words hot-pressed into the rubber. It read 'Nigger Power'.

"This is what I use to REALLY stretch apart a white faggot's hole. That little dildo in your briefcase hasn't got shit on this white bitch destroyer!" He threw it at my face. I was nearly knocked unconscious when the full weight of this heavy rubber fist hit me. "I want the ENTIRE thing in that gaping faggot hole." He said, putting extreme emphasis on 'entire'. I couldn't believe what he had said.

"But...sir...this entire thing couldn't possibly fit in me." I could see anger start to take him over.

"Well...make it fit, you fucking worthless white pig! That's why it says 'Nigger Power' on it! You'll understand the REAL power of the nigga race once you destroy your ass with that." I held the fist in front of my face to inspect it even more. The entire fist was about as wide as my head. The raised middle finger was practically the length and width of a normal sized cock. I could easily take the middle finger inside me...but the massive fist seemed impossibly big. I held my arm up against the toy, trying to determine just how big it was. 

As I expected, the fist portion of it was much larger than my closed fist, but what really surprised me was the length. From the tip of the middle finger to the base of the fist was as long as my entire arm, up to my shoulder. If I could somehow manage to get this inside of me, it would be like shoving a person's entire arm in my ass. Without wanting to disobey my Master, I put the fist on the floor. I squatted my loose ass over the tip of the middle finger. Javon sat at his desk, staring at me. 

"Go on, honky. Tear your own ass apart!" I gently sat down and took the entire finger in my ass. Considering how ruined my ass already was, it was no surprise that I didn't even feel the finger go in. Now came the hard part. I could feel the massive base of the fist pressing against my ass. I forced all my weight down until I could feel the knuckles starting to squeeze into me.

"Jesus Christ, this thing is huge!" Even with the knuckles of the fist in, I still needed to take the entire hand in my ass. I pressed down as hard as I could. To my amazement, I could feel it sliding in inch by inch. I couldn't believe that my ass could stretch out more than it already was. After a while, I felt a sense of pride. I kept pressing down harder and harder until the entire fist was in my ass. I pressed my ass tight against the floor, ensuring that every part of the sex toy was swallowed up by my ass. I looked over at Javon and smiled. "I might just have to wear diapers from now on."

"Congratulations, faggot...you just successfully destroyed your own ass beyond any hope of repair." I smiled with pride. I had taken a toy inside of me that was twice as wide as a person's fist, and as long as a person's arm! I felt a sense of accomplishment as I stood up. I clenched my butt cheeks, ensuring that the toy wouldn't slide out of my now ruined ass. I pulled up my pants and sat down at the conference table. I sat patiently, waiting for the rest of the group to make the meeting...with an entire man's arm inside my ass.