 This story involves forced man to man action and gets into humiliation, bondage and discipline. Do not read if this doesn't match your interests.

*

My name is Steve and just turned 18. I was finally going to have some adventure in my life. This is my first time away from home, a small town in Kansas. I had been accepted at USC in journalism school. I was so excited about going to California and meeting new people. I had been popular in school but being only 5'7" and 140, didn't play much sports. I had let my blond hair grow longer hoping I looked more hip. I had very little body hair and had gotten a nice tan over the summer.

I had found a small apartment near campus and if you know USC area well you know its not the best areas. I was going to concentrate on studies anyway so the apartment will be alright. I had settled into a routine with school but hadn't met many friends yet. I had met one of my neighbors though. He looked about 40, was 6"2, 200+ pounds, had black hair he kept slicked back. I didn't know what he did, we only exchanged greetings when we happened to run into each other. His name was Mike.

There were lots of pretty girls here but hadn't had any luck yet even though I was trying in the clubs most weekends. I was coming home around midnight one Saturday night when I met Mike coming in at the same time. He appeared to have been drinking too. 

"Hi Mike," I say as he looks at me.

"Hello, little fella," he answers. "What's a boy like you doing up this late?"

He talks to me like that all the time, I really don't like it but don't want to seem rude. "Not much, was hoping to meet some hot chick but no luck."

"Me neither," he says, looking at me. "Why don't you stop in and have a drink with me?"

Surprised when he says that but figure why not. "Ok Mike, sounds good." I follow him into his apartment. He takes off his black leather jacket and throws it on a chair.

"Sit down, little buddy," he tells me and I sit down. He goes to the kitchen and fixes us a couple drinks. He has a black long sleeved shirt on with jeans and black boots. He looks pretty buffed for an older guy, I think to myself. I sit there feeling rather nervous as he brings the drinks over and sits down in a large black leather chair.

I take a drink and the scotch is strong and I choke a little.

He laughs, "Maybe I should have made you a daiquiri."

I realize he's referring to a girl's drink but just lower my head a little. "No Mike, scotch is good."

"Damn hot in here," he says, pulling his shirt over his head.

I try not to look but he is right in front of me. I can see the black hair on his chest. Not a mass of hair but just enough to accent his pecs. Then there is the trail oh hair leading down into his jeans. I feel very uncomfortable sitting there with him like that, he is intimidating enough in ordinary situations.. I don't want him to think I'm staring but when I look up, I can tell that he has been watching me look at his chest, but he doesn't say anything.

"So you all alone in the big city Steve?" he asks me.

"Yes Mike, I'm going to USC," I reply.

"So where did you go tonight Steve?" he asks.

"When to the Brewery, always lots of hot chicks there," I tell him.

"But you came home all alone," he tells me like I don't already know it. "Maybe you are going to the wrong places."

"Maybe, I don't seem to be having much luck with the ladies since I got here," I acknowledge to myself as well as to him.

"They are probably just looking for more masculine men Steve," he says.

I can't believe he said that. I may be small but I have had my share of girlfriends back in Kansas. That was so rude but again I just sit there and let him talk to me like that without defending myself. "I guess," I say trying to sound like I really didn't appreciate what he said but know it really didn't come out right.

"Ever been to the Padlock Steve?" he questions.

"No, I haven't even heard of it," I reply.

"Too bad, you would be very popular there," he says laughing lightly. "Maybe I should take you there next Saturday."

I take a drink, can feel it relaxing me some. "I don't know Mike, you sure you want to spend time with a younger guy like me? I don't want to put you out."

"Be my pleasure Steve but it kind of a wild club and your dockers really won't fit there," he tells me. "Do you have an old pair of jeans?"

"Yes I have a few pairs I think I can still fit into, maybe a little tight though," I tell him.

"That will be ok Steve, how about black boots, you have any of them?" he asks.

"No Mike, just have dress shoes and tennis shoes," I reply.

"There is a Army Surplus place about 3 blocks away, go there and buy some old combat boots and some white socks," he says, it sounding more like an order than a request.

"Ok, I guess I can do that," I answer.

I am looking at him as he reaches down and adjusts his cock in his jeans. I can see it down the left leg of his jeans. It looks big even through his jeans. I can't believe he did that right in front of me. As I look up, I see that he was watching me check out what he was doing. He just smiles at me.

"You ok Steve?" he asks.

"Yea, yea, I better get going Mike," I tell him nervously as I get up off the couch. 

"Sure thing boy, we on for Saturday night then?" he asks me as he takes my arm and makes me look at him.

"I guess so Mike," I tell him.

"There will be no guessing Steve, I will knock on your door at 8:00, be a good boy and be ready," he says as his eyes never leave mine.

"Ok Mike," I reply.

"Don't you think 'Yes Sir' sounds better than 'OK' Steve, unless of course you don't think I deserve to be answered in that manner," he asks me, my arm still in his grip as he looks at me.

"No Sir, I mean Yes Sir," I can't keep from stammering, "I mean I think Yes Sir is the way I should answer.

"Good, I think so too," he tells me, "now get your little ass out of here and I will see you next Saturday night."

I leave his apartment and go across the hall to mine and go in and sit down. What the fuck happened in there. Damn, that was strange. I guess I can't hurt anything to go out with him next week, maybe there will be some hot babes there and maybe he will introduce me to some. It sounds like he goes there a lot. I just wish you didn't talk to me like that, maybe I can talk to him about it before we go out next Saturday.

All week is a blur. I can't seem to keep Mike out of my mind. Wednesday I find the Army Surplus store and get a pair of boots like he talked about. I go home and polish them to where they look better. I try and run into Mike and talk to him about how he talks to me before Saturday but I don't see him all week.

Its Saturday, 7:45, and I'm a nervous wreck. I have my white jockey shorts on under my jeans. The only pair that still fit was tight but I could get into them and didn't want to go out in new jeans, that is so lame. The white socks I bought are long and stick an inch above my black boots. Its not a look that I'm used to at all and feel rather uncomfortable. I put one of my polo shirts on and it didn't look right so I took it off and, after trying other options, settled on a dark blue tshirt. I look at myself in the mirror. Damn, those jeans are tight and realize the way I'm dressed makes me feel even thinner and smaller than normal. Almost ready to go change when I hear the doorbell.

I answer it and there is Mike. He has black leather pants on over his black boots. They shine in the light from my apartment. He has his leather jacket on and its zipped up even though it isn't that cool out. 

"Hello Mike," I say trying not to be too embarrassed being seen like this.

"Well, well, will you look at you, so much better look than that college boy look," he tells me.

"Thanks I guess," I tell him still embarrassed, "I wasn't too sure if it looked ok or not."

"Its perfect Steve, you will be the belle of the ball," he says laughing, not really making me more comfortable. "Let's go," he says as he takes my arm and leads me from the building and to his car.

We go to his car and get in and drive into an area I'm not really familar with. I do notice some XXX bookstores in the area and I swear some of the women I saw on the street were hookers. He finally pulls into a parking lot and I see the Padlock sign on a building at the end of the lot. I see several men standing outside, a couple in leather.

"Now Steve, this is a California club, you aren't in Kansas anymore," he tells me as I look around. "Look at me Steve," he says raising his voice a little.

Surprised at his tone, I turn and look at him, "I don't know Mike, you sure everything is OK?"

"Yes, I just wanted you to know this place might be different than what you are used to," he says his eyes holding mine. "I have a lot of friends here and I expect you to be a good boy and behave yourself in there."

"Mike, I don't know what you mean, I'm rather confused about all this," I tell him regretting my decision about coming here with him but I have no idea where we are.

"You just stay with me and do as you are told and everything will be alright," his voice very serious.

"OK Mike," I tell him feeling like things are spinning out of control and he gets out and comes around and opens my door. As I get out, he takes his leather jacket off. He doesn't have a shirt on, just a leather vest. He looks so masculine in the black leather he is wearing.

"Lets go Steve," he says taking my arm and leading me towards the door. I see the men stop talking and start looking at us. When we get close one of them speaks.

"Hey Mike, where did you get the pretty little chicken at?" he says as he and the other men laugh.

"Jealous Joe?" Mike replies as we pass and go into the club.

'Chicken'? What was all that about. I follow Mike, his hand still on my arm into the club. Its dark and smoky, a band playing in the back. Mike leads us to two empty barstools and we sit down. He turns towards the bartender but I look back into the club. All I see are men, and many of them in leather and denim. Some of the men don't have shirts on and I even see one younger guy in nothing but a jock strap. Jesus Fuck!!! I realize it's a gay leather bar.

I turn and Mike hands me a beer. He doesn't say anything, just watches me as I look at the people in the club.

"Mike, I'm sorry if I gave you the impression I was gay, I'm straight as can be," I tell him, hoping I don't sound like im panicking.

"No Steve, I know you are straight," he tells me, "that is what attracted me to you."

"Can we go Mike, please?" I plead.

"No Steve, we cannot go," he tells me. "I have been looking for a new boy for a long time and you will be perfect."

"What the fuck are you talking about Mike," I say in as rough as tone as I can, "I told you I'm no fucking faggot."

SLAP!! Mike's palm slaps my face hard. "I told you to behave in here Steve, I will not take that kind of behavior from my boy," he says harshly. "Do you understand boy?" he asks.

I see a few of the men near us looking at us. Feel like I'm about to cry for chrissake. I look at the look on Mike's face and know he is waiting for an answer. "Yes Sir," I finally say quietly.

"Drink your beer boy," Mike says, "its time we had a talk."

As he turns toward the bar, I turn the same direction, putting elbows on the bar. "Steve, I'm going to turn you into my boy. This can happen a couple ways. One is you do as I say, when I say, and how I say. I will turn you into a good little fagboy and you will be safe under my care. The other way is I give you to these men tonight. You are fucked over and over and will drink so much cum you won't need food for a week. They will use you, abuse you and then throw your ass out of here. Then I will take you home and again you will become my little fagboy. Your only choice is really how you want to be turned into my boy. Do you understand Steve?"

"You can't do that, I will go to the police," I tell him not believing what he is telling me.

"Yes I can Steve and the pictures I will have of tonight will be sent to your parents, your brothers and the university," he says, "I'm sure they will be so proud of how you are handing yourself in the big city."

"Why are you doing this to me? I never did anything to you," I tell him, my voice pleading with him.

"Because I want a cute little boy to serve me and you are perfect for that, you just don't know it yet," he tells me.

"No I'm not, I'm not like you at all," I answer.

"No Steve you aren't," he tells me, "I'm a real man, a man who uses boys like you for their pleasure and you are just a helpless little faggot."

"I'm not a faggot," I tell him again. 

He ignores my response. "So how's it going to happen Steve, the easy way or the hard way?"

I look at him and his eyes are cold and I know that further protestations are a waste of time. Oh god, what did I get into? Finally I answer in a quiet voice, "The easy way Sir."

"So if I ask you to slide off your stool and kneel between my legs and suck my cock, you won't have any trouble doing that Steve?" he asks me.

"Here? Now?" I say unbelievingly.

"If I ask you to Steve, yes right here and now," he answers, his voice so strong and commanding.

"Please, please, I don't know if I could do that," I plead.

"Maybe if you are a good boy and do as I ask, it won't come to that tonight, is that better?" he asks.

"Yes, thank you Mike," I answer.

"You will address me as Master or Sir, boy," only other men call me Mike. "Understand?"

"Yes Sir," I answer, feeling so out of control.

"Good boy, now follow me," he says as he gets up and I follow him into the men's room. "Take off your jeans boy."

I look around, we are alone in the restroom. I look at him and he stares at me. I reach down and unfasten them and pull them off. He takes them from me and as I watch he takes a pair of scissors and cuts the legs off very high. He puts them on the counter and looks at me in my jockeys.

"Take your shorts off and lean back against the counter facing out," he commands. 

I hesitate then do as he says, so embarrassed as I do it, my cock shriveled up from mbarrassment. He comes over and pulls me from the sink and starts cutting off my tshirt right below my pecs. Then he pushes my ass back against the sink countertop.

"Jack off, I want to see your cock," he tells me. 

I hesitate till he asks if I would rather do it out in the bar and believing he would make me do it, I start jacking off, till my cock stands erect at its 6" with my cockhead flared out. 

"Not bad for a little boy," he says as a couple other men walk in and I turn to cover up. "Did I tell you to move boy, get back where you belong and stroke your cock. NOW!!"

I do as told and the men stop and watch.

"Ask them if they would like to stroke you boy," he commands.

My face turns so red but I ask them, "Would you like to stroke me?"

One of them comes over and pushes my hand away and takes my cock in his hand. It's the first time that another man has ever touched it and it starts to soften until he starts stroking. His finger moves to my cockhead and he rubs some of my precum over the cockhead. It feels so good that my cock gets hard again.

"Is he yours?" the man stroking me asks Mike.

"Yes, I just found him. I'm starting his training tonight," Mike tell them.

"He's gorgeous, if you tire of him, you know where to find me," he says as he continues stroking me.

"I will have to see how his training goes boys," he tell them. "Hope to have this bitch around for a while for myself."

"Can't blame you, is he a good cocksucker?" he asks Mike.

"Don't know yet, he was just going to ask to suck my cock when you guys came in, weren't you boy?" he asks as his cold stare hits me.

"Yes Master," I reply, so embarrassed but know if I don't do as I'm told, things will get worse.

"Tell them how you can't wait to suck your first cock boy," he tells me.

I look down humiliated but, "I really want to suck your cock Sir," I say quietly.

"Sorry boy, you haven't earned my cock yet, put your cutoffs back on," he tells me.

I pick up my jockeys but he stops me.

"Throw them away, my boys don't wear them, just put your cutoffs on boy," he commands.

I throw them away in the trash and pull on the cutoffs. They are very short, the bottom of my asscheeks even visible. Only a small piece of clothes holds my cock and balls out of sight and know that if my cock get soft and goes down, it will show below my cutoffs.

"Much better boy, lets go back to the bar. I look in a mirror on way out, seeing how short the cutoffs are and my tshirt shows my smooth stomach. My black boots and white socks look so strange with the short cutoffs I now wear. Realize how gay I look now.

As we leave the restroom, he puts his hand out. "Take my hand sweet boy."

Embarrassed, I do as he says. I feel like everyone is watching us as we go to the bar. I hear a couple men compliment Mike on his new boy and realize they all know what is happening. Wondering how many times Mike has done something like this before. As we get to the bar, Mike gets back on his barstool but when I go to get on mine, he stops me.

"No boy, you don't sit in my presence anymore, stand between my legs," he tells me as he spreads his legs apart.

I move between them facing him. "Can we go Sir, please?"

"I will tell you when we can go boy. Now take a drink," he says as he holds my beer up and makes me drink while he holds the bottle. He holds it up making me take a big drink. "Damn boy, you ought to see all the men looking at your cute little butt," he tells me but when I turn to look, he grabs my chin and stops me from turning my head. "Maybe you should take your cutoffs off and show them what they want to see boy."

"Please Sir, please don't do this to me," I plead.

"Turn around boy, let them see you," he commands.

I turn around and see that several men are looking at me. Can see some of them leaning over talking to each other, wondering if they are talking about me. Mike puts his hand around my waist and pulls me back against him. My cutoffs press against his crotch and I can feel his cock press against me. He pushes my long hair back from one ear and whispers to me.

"Can you feel it boy?" he asks.

His cock pressed right up against my ass crack. "Yes Sir," I tell him.

"You will learn to worship it boy," he tells me, "you will not be able to get it out of your mind."

"Sir, please don't do this to me, please," I beg.

His hand moves up my stomach, under my tshirt and he takes one of my nipples in his fingers and squeezes. "Tell me what you feel against your ass boy."

"Your cock," I tell him.

"Rub your ass against it boy, show the men what you are," he tells me.

As I look out at the men, see that several are still looking at me. Mike squeezes my nipple harder till I start rubbing my ass against his cock. See some of the men smile and lean over and talk to their friends and some laugh.

"Lean your head back on my shoulder boy," he tells me, "and tell me you want to be my fagboy."

I hesitate, can I really do this I think? His hand leaves my nipple and goes down to my zipper. Oh god, he wouldn't. I lean my head back on his shoulder, looking back I do as he says. "I want to be your fagboy Sir."

"Good boy, now lift yourself up and down on your toes, rub my cock against your cute little ass, show the men how much you want to feel my cock," he commands.

I do as he says. I know my face is beet red as I feel his hard cock against my ass. He feels so big. Then realize my own cock is hard and as I look down can see it outlined in my tight cutoffs. Know the men watching must think I'm enjoying what I'm doing.

"Look at them looking at you, wishing you belonged to them. Tell me who you belong to boy," he tells me.
