 Steve was a straight boy from the midwest going to college in LA. Naive, he goes out with a neighbor he hardly knows and ends up in a gay leather bar where his neighbor, Mike, informs him he is going to turn him into his gay slaveboy. He is made to suck Mike in the bar and others cum all over his face. He is then taken to Mike's main residence, where his training has started to turn him into the sissy fagboy Mike desires.

I wake up slowly and moan softly as I move, my body feels so sore. I lift my head hitting it on the iron bars at the top of the cage and then I remember where I am. I try moving around but not a lot of room. The room is totally black, can't hardly see hand in front of my face. I'm so thirsty and hungry but nothing there for me. Oh god, what did I get myself into. I try forcing the cage door open but can't get door to budge. 

Suddenly, a warm yellow light illuminates a big cock at the top edge of one corner. I realizes its just a dildo but it looks very lifelike. Its skin colored, at least 8" and rather thick. Behind it I see a container that holds what looks to be a white liquid. Then I realize if I want something to drink, this is my option. I move around to where its in front of my face. 

I'm so thirsty but damn, doesn't this ever stop. Finally I lean forward and slide my mouth onto the cock and start sucking on it. Nothing happens so I suck harder and still nothing happens. I push my head deeper onto the cock and then it feels different. Its warmer the further I go onto the cock and I realize its from the liquid inside the cock. I suck and still can't suck any out of the big cock.

My mouth gets dryer and I realize that I must try harder. I press my lips tight onto the cock and feel it compress as I tighten my lips. I slide the cock slides slowly from my mouth and I can feel that some of the liquid is being pulled from the cock by my lips. I keep my lips as tight as I can and I slide the cock further out of my mouth. When I finally get to the head, I suck the liquid from the cockhead. Its warm in my mouth, has a strange texture but tastes alright. Feels so good to get something wet into my mouth rubbing it around my mouth with my tongue trying to ease the dryness.

Unknown to me, Mike is watching on a video camera. He smiles as he thinks about what you just sucked from the cock. It's a mixture of vitamins and other nutrients that will keep you healthy. Of course, it does contain the drug that works on your ability to resist and an ample dose of feminine hormones. It's the color and texture of cum, just a coincidence he thinks, then laughs softly. Just what the boy needs.

I'm so thirsty that I have to have more. I slide my mouth back onto the cock and go down to get some more of the liquid. Start pulling it out with my lips till I feel it squirt into my mouth then go down and get some more. My head bobbing on the cock as I try to get more and more. I have found that the deeper I can take it, the more of the liquid I can get so I try taking it deeper and deeper till I am taking most of it into my mouth. Suddenly I realize that I'm sucking on the large cock like I can't get enough. 

I pull back licking my lips, some of the liquid there from my sucking. My thirst is satisfied but my mind feels so fucked up now. Why is he doing this to me? I think back to the pain of last night, the humiliation of last night. He hurt me so bad. I have to get away from this. I don't want people to know that I'm a fag, that I like sucking cock. I question myself, as I think back, to whether I did want to suck his cock. I kind of remember begging to suck his cock and seems like I really did want to do it for him. Am I a fag??? No, I'm not, I just wanted to play some. I really don't want others to know about what has happened to me. I will make him let me go. I will make him realize that this isn't what I wanted, that he has the wrong guy.

Suddenly the light on the cock goes out and I hear something pulling the cock from the cage. I flat screen monitor hanging on a wall in front of me comes on. On the screen are two younger men. Not ordinary men though, these two men were the epitome of flaming fags. They had on tight hiphuggers that displayed there packages prominently. They had pastel colors top with the shirttails tied together around the waist exposing their flat stomachs. They both had sandals on. Looking at them closer, could see the pink fingernails and the traces of makeup. Their eyelids were covered with little pink sparkles. Their lips were painted in a similar pink color.

As bad as this was, the way they talked and acted were even worse. They were holding hands and giggling like a couple girls. Occasionally they would kiss each other, running their hands over the tight jeans covering their bubble butts. They talked in that lispy way that everyone associates with flaming fags. It showed them walking through a mall. You could see the way people looked at them. They would lean over and say something to each other when a good looking man walked by and I know they were thinking about sex with him. The video continued for about a 30 minutes, no sex, just a videos of the two fags being so fucking faggy. No wonder people look down at fags.

When the video goes dark, I lay in the cage for about another hour. Why did he show that video to me, I wonder. Did he think that would turn me on. Just the opposite, I feel, just made me realize how pathetic fags like that look. Subtle lights illuminate the room. I hear a voice.

"You have one hour to take a shower and remove all hair below your neck. Any hair found remaining will result in punishment. Then get dressed, your clothes are on the table. Come up the stairs and knock on the door when ready. One hour boy."

I hear the lock on the cage door open. I push the door open and crawl out of the cage. Slowly rise to my feet, I feel so stiff and sore. As I move, feel my balls touch my legs and I jump as they are still rather sore from last nights abuse. I try to keep legs spread as I waddle over to the shower and start taking a hot shower. I see a bottle on the edge of the shower. 'Hair Remover' it reads. I don't see a razor around so figure I am supposed to use this so start rubbing it all over my body. I read the label and it says leave on for 15 minutes. I start rubbing it all over my body, making sure I get plenty in my armpits. When I go to rub it on my pubes, it hurts but not too bad.

After a few minutes it starts stinging. It stings on most of my body, but on my balls, it burns and its so hard to stand still and not wash it off. I rub my balls trying to ease the pain but it hurts enough to bring tears to my eyes. After 15 minutes I turn the water back on and watch as it washes the hair from my body. Looking down, it looks so strange not to have pubic hair. You would think it would make me cock look bigger but it just made it look like a young boy's cock. I turn the water on hot and stand there enjoying the feeling trying to put everything else out of my mind. 

Feeling better, I get out of the shower and dry off. Brush my hair out with a wooden hair brush on the sink counter. Looking at the counter, I see a tube of lipstick laying there. Next to it is some pink fingernail polish. Lastly, there is a small container of pink sparkles. I think back to the video and the boys in the video. I decide to go look at the clothes. On the table is a pair of jeans but they look more like girls jeans. Then I see the pink blouse and the sandals. It starts to hit me what the video was for. Oh no, he wants me looking like them. I'm not like them, I'm not, I'm not. I look at the clock, only 30 minutes left and don't want to take a chance of making him mad so I pick up the jeans. Under them is a pink thong. I set the jeans down and pick it up and look at it. Then I step into the thong, pulling it up till it rides into my ass cheeks. It feels so weird. Then I slide the jeans on and fasten them. They are tight and ride really low on my hips. It feels like I'm about to show everyone my ass crack. Then put the blouse on and tie up like they had it tied. 

I look at myself in the mirror. God I do look like a fag. Feel like I'm about to cry, this has got so far out of line. What can I do. I think back to the things I saw in the bathroom. I have no doubt that he expects me to use them. I so scared of him, I move to the bathroom and take the fingernail polish and polish my nails. Wondering how hard this will be to get off. I will make sure I have it all off before school Monday. Then look at the sparkles, wondering how they work. Dip my finger into the sparkles and they stick to my finger so I bring my finger to my eyelid and as I touch it, the pink sparkles cling to my eyelid. I do it till both of my eyelids are lightly covered with the sparkles. Then put the lipstick on, puckering my lips as I have watched women do. I then stand and look at myself and realize I look just like the boys in the video. I can't believe what a fag I look like. I walk around the room, talking to myself, trying to figure a way out of this. Suddenly I come to an apparatus, and looking down I see that it is the horse that I had ridden last night. The thought of the unbelievable pain scares me again. I got to get away, I think to myself. But what if he catches me and puts me back on this again, I couldn't take it again, I couldn't.

So confused, so scared, I realize how scared I am of him. I really must do as he tells me, I tell myself. Thinking back to the video and how they talked and walked. Will he expect that of me too? I know he does. I walk towards the mirror and try and force myself to walk more like they did. I take smaller steps and swish my ass more. It feels so strange but as I watch myself in the mirror, know that I look kind of like they did. Then I try talking more like them and find it hard to emulate. I keep trying till I feel like I'm talking more out of throat and less out of chest. Sounds so fucking gay, I think, but realize what I must do. I don't dare make him mad. That thought dominates my mind.

Finally my time is up and I go up the stairs and knock on the door. He opens the door.

"Hello boy, you have a nice night?" he asks.

Even though I was miserable, I tell him, "Yes Sir."

He smiles at me when he hears the faggy voice I used when I answered him. "Good boy, you look so pretty this morning." He takes me into the living room. There are three other guys sitting in there and they all stare at me when I enter. I hesitate but Master leads me over to his leather chair and sits down. He looks down at the floor next to his chair and I kneel down where he had looked. Can feel my face getting red. Its so embarrassing to have other men see me like this, know what they must think about me.

"Men, this is my new faggot bitch, steve," he tells them. "He visited Padlock with me last night."

I wonder if there men were there. Did they watch me suck his cock? Did they spray my face with their cum? All these thoughts going through my mind as I look at the floor.

"Did you have fun there bitch?" one of them asks.

"Yes," I answer.

"Come on boy, look up at the men and tell them how much you liked having everyone watch as you sucked my cock," Master tells me.

I look up and they are all looking at me. "I liked sucking his cock. I liked it that others watched me do it," I tell them, knowing that is what he expects of me.

"It was his first cock but he sucked like a real pro. Going to make a great wife for some man," he tells them and they all laugh.

I'm so embarrassed as I see them looking at me. Not hard to tell what they are thinking as I see the bulges in their pants. 

"Tell them what you did after I came all over your face bitch," Master tells me.

I look down. "I turned around and showed everyone the cum on my face and then they all came over and shot their cum all over my face," I tell them and hear them laughing at me.

"Probably can't get enough cock now, can he," another one of the man asks.

"I don't know," Master answers looking at me. "You want more cock boy?"

Continuing in my fag voice, I answer "Yes Master."

"Maybe if you get up and show the men what a pretty little faggot you are, maybe one of them will let you suck their cock," Master tells me. "Get up bitch."

I stand up and as I do Master turns some music on softly. I stand there embarrassed, not knowing what to do.

"Does he have a cock at all Mike?" one of the men asks. "Doesn't look like it, he looks as smooth as some of the young cunts we always see walking around."

"Yes, the bitch has a cock, a really, really small one," he answers and they all laugh loudly. "Sure he had the ladies screaming with the weapon he carries in his pants," Master tells them as they laugh at me standing there.

"Tell them how small you are bitch," Master commands of me.

I really never thought I was that small, I think to myself. I never got any complaints from the girls I fucked back in Kansas. I start thinking wondering if the girls thought I was small and just didn't want to be mean to me and say anything about it. I break that train of thought when I realize they are waiting for me to speak. "My cock is pretty small, I guess," I tell them.

"They shouldn't even waste giving fags like you a cock to begin with," the man with the rough shave says. "Might as well gave them a cunt, that's all they are good for anyway."

I look down embarrassed.

"Walk for us bitch," Master tells me. 

I start walking away from them, trying to swish my ass a little. Its so embarrassing to have to do this in front of several men. Master must have noticed my reluctance in behaving like this and called me over in front of him. 

"Do not move boy," he commands as he reaches out and starts unfastening my hiphugger jeans. He unzips them and pulls them down my hips. They are tight and when he stops pulling them down they are halfway down my thighs. Then he grabs me and before I realize what is happening, I'm laying across his lap.

"Boy, do you think you can embarrass me in front of my friends and nothing will happen?" he asks. 

I can tell that he is mad and the fear hits me all at once. I start apologizing and beg him to let me try again. He doesn't answer then WHACK. He starts spanking my ass hard, over and over, till it hurts so much that I can't help but cry. Then he stops.

"Who do you belong to boy?" he asks in that scary voice.

"You Master, I belong to you," trying to be as obedient as I can.

"And what are you boy?" he asks.

"I'm a faggot Sir, a faggot cocksucker," I tell him trying to sound like I like it. "Please let me suck your cock Master, please," I ask as I wipe tears from my eyes.

"My friend thinks you should have a cunt, he thinks you are just a sissy cuntboy," Master says. "Is he right bitch?"

"Yes Master," I answer. I'm glad that I'm over his lap and don't have to look at them. In a low voice I tell them, "I'm just a cuntboy."

"Don't tell me boy, get up off my lap and go tell him," Master tells me. "And if you don't want to end up over my lap again, you better behave yourself bitch."

I stand up and start to pull my jeans up. Feel so self conscious in the pink thong and go to pull my jeans up. 

"Did I tell you to pull your jeans up bitch?" Master snarls at me.

"No Master," I say then look over at the man who called me a cunt. He isn't smiling, just stares at me. He lifts his finger and motions for me to come to him. I waddle over to him with the jeans making it so difficult.

"Come sit on my lap bitch," the man tells me.

I move to where I can sit down on his lap. It feels so strange when my smooth cheeks hit his pants. My puts his big arm around me moving me around to where I feel his hard cock pressing through his pants right against my ass. Can feel cock start to respond but bend back between my ass cheeks like it is, its impossible for it to get very hard. He has me sitting sideways on his lap and makes me turn to face him.

"You have something you want to tell me sweetie?" he asks of me as the other men watch.

"Yes Sir, I'm sorry I didn't answer you earlier," I tell him. My eyes break contact with his as I look down. "I'm a cuntboy Sir."

"I know you are sweetie," he says as his hand moves down to the front of my thong panties. I feel his fingernails running over them against my smooth crotch. "Does that feel good," he says as one finger moves between my legs, lightly touching my tucked back cock. "Do you like me feeling your cunt?"

I know its wrong but his light touch feels so good that he makes me moan softly. "Yes," I tell him afraid my voice will break if I say more. He keeps rubbing me softly as he puts his hand to the back of my head and make me look up at him. He pulls my head closer and closer to his lips and I realize he is going to kiss me. I don't stop him but open my mouth as our lips touch. I want his kiss and moan when I feel his tongue enter my mouth.

We kiss passionately and he plays with me till without even thinking about it, I have spread my legs apart so he can move his hand between my legs and keeps rubbing me through my panties like you would rub a girl's pussy through her panties. When he breaks the kiss, I'm breathless. I look up at him and put my arms around his neck and kiss him again. I can feel the roughness of his 5:00 shadow against my smooth cheeks and I moan as I feel his tongue explore my mouth. I'm almost panting when he breaks our kiss and pulls my head to where he can whisper in my ear.

"I can't wait till he lets me fuck you cuntboy," he whispers seductively in my ear. "I will fucking turn you into my slut and my cock is all you will be able to think about."

I listen and know that his fucking me is a real possibility. I had thought that it might come to that but really was thinking mainly about if Master was going to fuck me. Will he let others fuck me too? Will he tire of me and give me to another?? I feel the man release me.

"Now get up, pull your jeans up and show your Master how a little cunt like you can walk," he tells me.

I pull my pants up, they still feel so low on my hips. I look at the man who lap I was so recently on and couldn't help but smile then I looked at Master. There was no smile on his face and I turned and walked away slowly. I was really swishing my ass and turned and smiled at them, my finger to my chin as I bend over wiggling my small ass a little. My mind was feeling rather contradictory, on the one hand feeling so strange trying to act so gay but afraid not to, that I might be punished again. On the other hand, it felt kind of sexy to be acting like this and having them look at me like they are. I can still taste his kisses.

Then I turn and walk as sexy as I can till I'm in front of Master. I go down to my knees and address him. "Master, I'm so sorry about the way I acted. It is not right for me to not appreciate the time you spend with me." I look up at him and say quietly to him, "Master, I'm your faggot cocksucker. May I please suck your cock," I beg of him not sure if I really want to or not but know that I do not want to piss him off again.

"Take it out cocksucker," he tells me.

I reach up and unfasten his jeans. Then I unzip him and I feel him lift up. I pull his pants down to his thighs and can see his hard cock unlined in his white jock strap. He smiles at me as he see me staring at his cock.

"Can't believe how much you want it, can you cuntboy," he asks me. "It's alright bitch, you fags can't help it." He reaches down and adjusts his cock as it grows harder. "Beg for it cocksucker."

My lips are dry, running my tongue over them to get them wet as I look at his cock. I didn't remember it being that big. "Please Sir, please let me suck your cock, I really want to, please," I beg of him. I can't take my eyes from it.

He reaches down and pulls his jock strap down to his jeans. His cock is so hard and standing straight up. He strokes his cock and I see a big drop of precum on the end of his cock. "Lick it off bitch, just with your fag tongue."
