 Authors note:

Hey guys! I highly (HIGHLY) recommend that you check out my Hazel story. This is a spin-off and you will get more insight to the plot and characters. If you decide not to, that it perfectly fine, I tried to write this so you're not too lost.

I have my reasoning for writing this story under two categories instead of one. This is my first time writing gay lit so I hope you enjoy!

As always leave comments pls, I love the feedback!

XOXO SklylerLuv

******

-Leo-

I shut the door behind me with a nagging thought in the back of my mind.

Did I make the right decision?

I think back to the night when the evil witch looked across at Rachel. If she even had an inkling that Jake is my true soulmate, she would use him against me for leverage. I can't believe I let him get dragged into this mess. For his safety I had to pretend Rachel was my soulmate and let the Evil Witch think she had gotten to me. And now that I did a spell to ensure Jake does not remember anything about me he's not supposed to, I have to leave him alone forever. I cannot be seen with him, I am sure the Rebels are watching me. Every move has to be calculated and thought out. I can only steal a few moments of solitude before I feel them creeping in on me.

Was she serious about us being able to have functional relationships with our human soulmates? I know Hazel has been having trouble even touching her soulmate, Amelia, without hurting her in some way. But the Evil Witch seems to think she has figured it out. What if she has? What if by some dumb luck Hazel and Amelia can live happily ever after?

I sigh and lean back against his door. My heart is heavy. I don't want to leave him. Every molecule in my body is demanding that I go back in that room and stay by his side no matter what. He is weak without me and I am useless without him. I picture his dark chocolate skin under the moonlight. His think eyebrows pulled together, his long lashes brushing his cheeks. His soft full lips under my own.

I need to get out of here.

******

-Jake-

I had another nightmare but just like all the other ones I can't remember how it ends.

All I know is that there is always some type of weird sci-fi movie scenes that I can't make out. I toss and turn all night. My dreams consist of lightning, lions, and black robes. It's like every time I blink those images take turn becoming the main focus in the stories. I am exhausted.

I grimace at the sharp pain coming from my left hand.

The athletic trainer takes down some notes in his book and continues to guide me through the different exercises. For the hundredth time I curse the asshole who got me into this mess. Because of him I had to be out for the last month of the football season. I am pretty sure we would have made it to the end. This is not part of the plan! I had a start position and now I would most likely have to sit out for practices this spring, which means I will have to put in double time over the summer. If I can prove myself to the coach I can hopefully get my spot back.

I wince again.

"Okay, that is enough for today." Bill takes down the last couple of notes and puts his cap on. For an old white dude he's pretty cool. Bill has been looking out for me since he found out who my father was my freshman year. He took them to the state championships the year my dad graduated. They didn't win but it was one hell of a year or so I've been told. I had hoped we would follow in their footsteps by now but our team is not where it should be and this injury isn't helping.

"I can keep going." I insist. I need to get better soon.

He laughs a little and pats my shoulder. "Believe it or not you're healing fairly quickly. You might even be better by mid spring." He sees the hope if my eyes and puts his hands up. "But let's be cautious and not over do it." He goes through the same speech he has been giving me the last couple of weeks. I should be patient, let time and physical therapy does its thing, blah blah blah.

"I talked to your dad this morning, he's excited about your progress." He stands and begins to move some papers around. Probably getting ready to see the next injured person. Bill has a tight schedule he has to follow. I can't take up all his time. He has been nice enough to come once a week even when the school is closed for winter break.

Of course dad has been keeping tabs on me, I chuckle. Like me, he is very upset about this minor step back. This injury could ruin my chances of becoming a prospect for the NFL.

I stand up and look down at Bill. "I just want to get better as soon as humanly possible. You sure there is nothing else I can do at home? Any other exercises?"

He pats my arm again. "Just get some rest. Enjoy the last week of your break. Once school starts again you'll be begging for this time off."

I laugh and shake my head. This old man is not going to give in. But I have a feeling he knows what he's talking about. I straighten my white t-shirt and give him a quick goodbye fist bump.

Now, maybe Rachel can help me relax. I picture her bouncy tan breasts. For some reason the image doesn't get me hard like it used to, but I shake it off. I am just in my head about this injury. I'm sure once I see her everything will be just fine.

******

-Leo-

"Adam they're very close to giving up on you." My voice is gruff.

I have been trying to get something out of him for the last hour but he is not talking. The dark circles under his eyes and the faraway look ensure he's not fully here. It is so frustrating! He goes from not being able to stop talking when the Evil Witch was around to complete silence after she touched him in the forehead. I imagine him back to that horrid night. The Evil Witch going on and on about helping us magical beings be with our human soulmates. Then turning to Adam and touching his forehead before he dropped like the dead only to leave him there. I wouldn't be surprised if she fried his brain before disappearing along with the other Rebels. We are so close to catching them. We need Adam to tell us their next moves.

His pale hands are handcuffed to the metal table he is leaning against. The cuffs are spellbound and not even the smartest and toughest witch or warlock would ever be able to break free of them. His shoulders are hunched in, his skin sickly translucent. He's not eating and has barely said a word since we took him in. Being held in the Roderick Coven under our care has probably not helped. My people are trained to be lethal, we become impatient when we don't get what we want. And right now I am seconds away from burning him to a crisp. I remind myself that he is the only one who has had contact with the Rebels.

"You have trial tomorrow. You will be convicted a traitor to your people and be burned at the stake." The last part isn't true, but he is going to die.

I can't believe this is the same Adam who used to run our meeting as second in command every month. He was one of the most powerful warlocks in the United States and right now he looks like he could be blown away by a gust of wind. Pathetic.

I think about the only thing that will probably get him to talk. I have been avoiding it because it only reminds me of my own fucked up situation but I am getting desperate. If one of my more ruthless men could not get him to talk through brute force who else could I count on?

I sigh before speaking. "Juliet has asked about you."

This is a lie. The human has been walking around like a ghost, but she has not asked about him. I mean he did try to kidnap her.

His head snaps up and his gray eyes look wild. His hair is longer than I have ever seen it. He looks like a madman. "Juliet?" There is recognition in his tone. This is the most animated we have seen him since we brought him here. "Where is she? I need to see her!" He begins to tug at the chains and I have to force myself to stay seated. It is hard not to flinch when I always pictured him as one of the most powerful warlocks I have ever met. The fact that he has been stripped of his powers has not made me any less cautious.

"First, you need to talk to me. We don't have much time. If we can't get anything out of you by tomorrow they are going to kill you and you are never going to see Juliet again." Maybe if I am extreme enough it will push him to see reason.

"It doesn't matter what I say or what I do! They're going to kill me either way. Don't you see?" His eyes are brimming with tears.

I clench my jaw.

"When I found out that she was my soulmate they said I had to leave her alone. That I could never be with her. Not only because she is human, but also because I am a member of the Star Dust Coven. We are never to have soulmates. Our main purpose is to keep the peace among Covens and humans." He slams his hands against the table, causing it to shake. "That is why I left! That is when she found me!"

I sit up and lean in; this is what we have been waiting for. "Who is she?" I prompt when he keeps banging on the table.

"Elise." Just as the name comes out of his mouth his head slams against the table, knocking him out cold.

I stare down at his unconscious figure, at a loss.

What the hell just happened?

******

"It was like, as soon as he revealed who she was he had to stop himself- by any means necessary." I am standing in front of my father's large oak table. My hands are behind my back, my feet slightly apart. This is a quick business meeting.

My father, Don, looks like an older version of me with all the altercations of course. His once dirty blonde hair is dyed black. His tan skin is covered in tattoos and piercings. He flicks his lip piercing with his tongue, deep in thought. He's wearing a plain black shirt and black jeans. In other Covens the leaders are usually always dressed in royal clothing that separate them from the rest of the members. We're a bit unconventional. I stick out like a sore thumb because I refuse to make any physical alterations. I like my skin clean and prefer my dirty blonde hair short at the sides and a little longer up top. Everyone usually change their hair colors depending on their mood or they just go bald. My almost yellow eyes are probably my most favorite feature. People are either weirded out or drawn to them.

I run my hand against my stubble. I decided to shave my beard last night I saw Jake. It feels weird but it helped me get through that night. My throat tightens.

His brown eyes finally look back at me. I got my eye color from my mom.

"We'll see if he can tell us anything else tomorrow morning before the trial. The fact that he was able to say something indicates he knows enough to be worth keeping alive." He nods and dismisses me.

I nod back and leave his study. That is usually how our interactions go. Roderick's don't show affection and usually always stick to business. I don't expect anything more from my dad and he seems to appreciate me as a son.

I find my mom down the hall talking to a maid. Her black hair is dyed bright red this month. Although she doesn't have any piercings on her face she has plenty on her ears and one on her tongue. She smiles brightly when she sees me.

"Leo! Did you just come out of your dad's study?" Her arms wrap around me. My mom doesn't care too much about shying away from affection. She's not like a regular mom, but shows mother like qualities sometimes. "Is he busy?"

I push my hair to the side. "Yeah he is about to have a meeting with the Holts. You should probably be there for that." I wonder if Hazel is going to be at the trail tomorrow. I haven't spoken to her since I asked her father to help me erase Jake's memory. Ernest Holt, her father, was very supportive of my decision. She called me weak. She'll get over it.

Her hand lightly brushes my chin. "Where'd the beard go?"

I lightly push her hand away. "Dad will fill you in on the whole Adam ordeal. Where were you anyways?" We have yet to talk about Jake around here. I am sure Hazel's parents, the leaders of the Concord Coven, have filled my parents in. But they probably won't bring it up until I do and I definitely won't be doing that. This is my pain to suffer alone.

She takes a good look at me before smiling. "Had to take care of some things. See ya later, dude!"

I shake my head at her way of talking. It is like she never grew up. People trust her though; her blatant honesty is respected around here.

I walk to the front door and stop before opening it. Shit, I keep forgetting there is one more pressing matter I need to take care of before tomorrow.

It takes me less than a minute to show up outside of Rachel's dorm room. I have to make this quick. Erase all her thoughts about that horrid night and leave no loose ends. If the Purelite Coven found out she still had her memories of that night they would have my head. Rachel has been understanding about the whole situation though. She has promised to keep quiet as long as I keep her in the loop. I have been making up some lies just to get her to shut up for now. Being too honest with her could make her an even bigger target.

The dorms are mostly vacant. Everyone is enjoying their last week of vacation by being as far away from campus as possible. Not Rachel though. I hear some horrible music coming out from under her door. Ugh, sorority girls.

I knock. "Rachel, it's Leo." I poof my red and black cloak away and fix my red t-shirt and black jeans.

"Just a minute." I hear her muffled voice.

I roll my eyes. I could just break the door open but I have to play nice if I want her to behave.

When the door opens a recently showered Rachel greets me with just a towel on.

I don't even bat an eye. She huffs and moves over. I don't understand why she even tries anymore. It's like she hopes I will one day wake up and decide I want to sleep with her. I will admit she's hot and if I would have never found my soulmate I would have probably already slept with her by now but my body only reacts to Jake and his full lips. I sit on her bed, which is freshly made. These dorm beds are so uncomfortable, why do they torture these humans so?

Her brown tresses are up in a ponytail and her long legs are fully visible with just a towel covering her more private parts. One wrong move and everything will be out on display.

"We need to talk." I see a panda near her headrest and pick it up. My hand is big enough to wrap around its neck.

"Okay." She walks up to me and lets the towel drop.

I clench my hand around the panda, almost ripping the head off. This girl is impossible.

I take my shirt off and see her eyes widen and a smile appear. How ridiculous. "Put this on. It won't be too long."

She pouts but does as she is told.

I open my mouth but a knock at the door stops me from doing the spell.

******

-Jake-

I hear Taylor Swift playing in Rachel's room so I know she's in there. I knock again and try to call her. A guy opens her door.

At first I don't recognize him. But after realizing his shaved his beard off, I remember who it is. "Hey. Leo, what's up?" I stick my hand out to shake his.

Leo looks at me like I have three heads. I let my hand drop after a few moments and realize he doesn't have a shirt on. My eyes linger on his broad chest a little longer than they should and I feel the blood rush to my face. I am so grateful that he won't be able to notice the blush through my dark skin.

"What are you doing here?" His voice is quiet and his eyes narrow.

I feel the tips of my fingers tingle and for some reason my heart begins to accelerate. What is wrong with him?

"I'm looking for Rachel. We're supposed to be hanging out tonight." Any other guy would have probably walked out pissed at the idea of some random guy in their girl's room but Rachel is not my girl. And I only want to hook up. If I have to wait in line then that's fine. From what I remember she is worth it. My memory has been fuzzy lately.

He looks at me for a second longer and clenches his jaw. "She's busy, as you can see." He opens the door wide and Rachel is standing there in the middle of her room with his shirt on.

I give her a quick wave and turn to Leo. "I guess I'll come back later."

He immediately closes the door behind him and stands close to me.

I back up and put some space between us.

"You're going to stay away from her, got it?" I can barely make out what he's saying. His nostrils are flaring his chest is expanding with each breath. The lights above us begin to flicker and I could swear his eyes are glowing. The air around us gets thick.

I put my hands up, standing down. "Hey man, I don't want to fight. If she's your girl, that's fine. I'll stay away."

My heartbeat is starting to go crazy. Leo's cheeks are slightly flushed and he crosses his arms in front of his broad shoulders. He looks like a Greek God. An angry God, but really attractive and hard to look away from. Out of nowhere I feel myself getting aroused. My eyes widen in surprise and I shift away, walking as quickly as I can towards the exit before he can notice.

What in the absolute fuck?

******

-Leo-

I close the door behind me and wait for my heartbeat to settle. At this point I'm not sure if it's my heartbeat or his that is going crazy. I can't believe I just saw him again. He looked so fuckable in his white t-shirt and jeans. His chest is so broad and inviting. It took all of my power not to kiss his full lips right there on the spot. Then I remember he was here to see Rachel. What a prick! I don't care if his memories of me are not there anymore, he should have had the decency to wait a while before moving on and sleeping with someone else. I growl at how irrational I am being.

I glare at her. "You're going to stop messing around with Jake."

There is a small smile on her lips. "Why? Are you jealous?"

Oh sweetheart, if you only knew.

"Just stay away from him okay?"

Her playful tone is gone. "Fine. Why are you here anyways? You said it won't be long. And if I am not getting laid with you I will go somewhere else to get it."

She takes off my shirt and begins to rummage through her drawers. Once she has underwear on I walk up to her and put my hands on each side of her forehead. I do a quick spell and whisper exactly what I want her to do.

******

The trial doesn't last long.

The Purelites decide to let Adam live and allow us to keep a hold of him, on the condition that we get him to give us more information before the month is over. If we can not get him to talk they will take over the investigation which will not only make us look weak but will take away our only leverage against the Rebel's. That was a week ago so now we only have three weeks but Adam is back to his old ghost ways.

I tried talking to Hazel after the trial but she left as soon as it was over. She looked like hell. I know her father had made her stay away from her soulmate, Amelia. He had every reason to, Hazel was a danger to Amelia. That doesn't mean it doesn't bother me to see her hurt because of it. I, myself, am having a harder time staying away from Jake. Ever since I saw him outside of Rachel's dorm room all of my late night fantasies are of me taking him right there up against the wall. I shake my head to stop my thoughts from going in that direction.

I quickly call Rachel to make sure everything is going according to plan.

"How's the move going?" I try to add some enthusiasm to my voice. In reality I just wish I could have made her forget everything that happened. But seeing as Jake was more likely to seek her out again I had to change everything around. Now Rachel is visiting her sister in Colorado and taking a semester off until we could find the Evil Witch, which we now know is named Elise. The Purelite Coven gave me hell over making this executive decision to move Rachel far away but they figured it wouldn't be so bad since we should figure this out by the end of the month.
