 School ended on a low note, at least for Casey. The eighteen-year-old student expected to find a happy ending, but he never discovered it on campus. As soon as she said the wrong words, it hit him hard like a bolt of lightning. The positivity disappeared even as the final bell rang for the day. Everyone left the school, and very few students stayed behind for various reasons. As for Casey, however, he didn't feel like going home at a time like this.

He had fallen in love with Charlene for the past few weeks. The two of them had the chance to know each other. They would have been inseparable. But then, she said to him that she had found a boyfriend. He was absolutely shocked. He had to confess to her that he loved her and wanted the two of them to be more than friends. Their discussion didn't end well.

And now, Casey was sitting alone on a bench in the middle of campus. Everything had grown quiet, with nothing but the breeze causing the trees and their leaves to move in a very faint manner. He had been the only human soul to stay behind after the frenetic departure of teachers and teenagers anticipating yet another exciting weekend in the middle of spring. The campus had grown empty. Casey wiped away the tears that slid down his face. The state of being heartbroken had to have been the worst feeling ever produced by humankind. Not only did he wish that Charlene never said that she had found someone other than him, but he truly wished that she didn't give the reason why.

He began to examine himself. He knew exactly why boys his age teased him and pushed him around. He didn't act like any of them. He had fully embraced his more feminine side by never acting tough and invulnerable. He took on the appearance of a short and slender pop star with certain sensitivities. And perhaps that was why Charlene never saw him as a potential boyfriend. He looked and acted too much like the exact opposite of her expectations. But the name of her boyfriend completed the insult to injury. As soon as she mentioned the school's most popular football player, Casey just wanted to run away. He wanted to leave Southern California and flee all the way to the East Coast, away from Charlene.

But instead, he decided to stay in the city of Monrovia for now. But he didn't want to leave school just yet. He didn't want to show his parents that he was suffering. And at the moment, his eyes couldn't stop being watery amidst the inner turmoil. The pain had become unbearable. He only hoped that he would regain his happiness by the end of the day. He looked to the left to see the distant foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains. The beautiful view, coupled with the cloudless sky, did calm him down for a while.

But then, he heard a familiar voice from the right.

"You're still here?"

Casey quickly turned to see a face that he didn't want to see. Eighteen-year-old Nathaniel stood just a few feet away. He had been one of the students who pushed him around in the tenth and eleventh grade. This year, however, Nathaniel hardly ever bothered him again. Their evasion in the twelve grade seemed like a miracle in Casey's perspective.

Nevertheless, Casey looked away. "I don't think this is a good time for you to be here."

Nathaniel asked, "Why the cold shoulder? It's not like I'm here to give you a hard time. Remember the good memories?"

Casey ignored his little joke. "I just want to be left alone. I had a bad day today."

Nathaniel took off his backpack and took a seat beside him. "Do you want to talk about it?"

Casey looked at him again. Nathaniel was indeed a tall and handsome young man. Casey detested him, at first. But seeing as how Nathaniel ignored him since the start of the new school year, Casey had grown to tolerate his presence on campus. And upon closer inspection, Nathaniel had the proper qualities that Charlene yearned for: a robust exterior, a charming personality, and a clear confidence that everyone else would have wanted.

Casey brushed away a few strands of brown hair from his face. "Let's just say that a girl broke my heart today."

"Well, I'm sorry to hear that."

Casey began to feel a little more comfortable to discuss this issue. "I told her the truth. I told her that I loved her. But she didn't love me back. She found someone else."

"Why didn't she feel the same way?"

Casey sighed. "She told me that I'm too sensitive. I'm too much like a wuss. Her boyfriend is someone that can always protect her in times of danger, and I'm not that type of guy."

Nathaniel looked amused. "Reality can be full of shit sometimes."

This discussion felt so surreal to Casey. Nathaniel wouldn't be the type to have a casual conversation with one of his prey. But his maturity surely showed clear signals.

He said with a smile. "You don't deserve that kind of treatment. You've already gone through so much. I remember. I used to tease you and laugh at you for the exact same reason."

"Now I'm wondering why you stopped."

Nathaniel chuckled. "Let's just say that I'm not that kind of guy anymore. You deserve a break."

Casey gave a little smile. "Thanks...I think."

He gazed at Nathaniel's smile. Just the sight of a positive attitude made Casey feel less tortured from within. He no longer felt the urge to shed more tears.

Nathaniel slowly eyed him from top to bottom. "Besides, you should just let her go. She doesn't deserve an adorable boy like you."

Casey was almost shocked to hear those words from him. "Thank you."

Nathaniel slowly drew closer toward him. "It hurts to see you like this. Being rejected by the girl you love...you shouldn't suffer like this."

Casey couldn't look away. Nathaniel's soothing voice, enigmatic eyes, and overall charismatic personality started to make him feel weak.

Nathaniel added, "You should be happy. I don't like it when you're sad."

Casey shivered. Sorrow was now replaced with a certain anxiety when confronted by his former predator.

Nathaniel didn't stop smiling. "I like you, Casey. I care about you a whole lot. I don't want you to be unhappy."

He whispered, "I'll ease your pain."

Casey didn't know what to say. Nathaniel had ever looked at him this way. In fact, he had never made any advances to anyone of the same sex.

Casey stood up from the bench. "I'm going home."

But just as he started to walk away, he could feel Nathaniel grabbing his hand and pulling him even closer. It didn't take long for him to lock Casey in a tight embrace. But Casey didn't try to escape. His eyes widened with shock. He was already mesmerized by Nathaniel's charisma. Being up close made the captivation rise to immeasurable heights. He was speechless. The embrace made him feel like a girl being swept off her feet by her true love.

He took a deep breath. "I've never seen you like this before."

Nathaniel whispered, "Don't be upset."

Casey had to tell the truth. "...I'm not."

Their faces were so close to each other that Casey almost anticipated a kiss from his former antagonist. He could feel Nathaniel's cool breath touching his lips. The overall experience made him shiver. It made him forget about Charlene and begin to question this new bond between him and Nathaniel.

And then, Nathaniel whispered, "Follow me home. My parents won't be around."

Casey would have opposed the offer. But the recent heartbroken caused by Charlene's honesty made the Nathaniel's words more enticing.

* * *

Usually at this time, students of all ages would return home and either start on their homework or just watch random videos on YouTube. But Casey and Nathaniel at something else in mind. They spent the afternoon in Nathaniel's two-story house, which remained tidy and spacious for a family of three. The two young men found themselves in Nathaniel's bedroom, and that was where something unusual transpired between the two of them. Nathaniel just stood still and watched as Casey, though nervous at the start, took off his shirt for his new friend. He revealed the upper half of his body. His slender figure may have been an affirmative appearance to Nathaniel, since the latter gave a smile that seemed genuine.

"I like the way you look."

Casey felt a little surprised. "Really?"

"It's too bad that Charlene chose someone else over you...but then again, I consider that a good thing right now."

He grabbed Casey by the arms. Casey didn't move. He didn't want to leave. He wanted to see how Nathaniel's opinions had changed since the school year began. 

He brought the half-naked Casey down on the bed. He whispered, "Don't be afraid."

Casey lay flat on his back. He tried hard not to be shy. "Don't worry. I won't."

Nathaniel gave him a kiss. Casey was stunned by this recent discovery of Nathaniel's personal preference. But then again, he was mesmerized by such a handsome and charismatic individual that he didn't mind the position he was currently in.

Casey started to tremble. The kiss on the lips was followed by followed by a kiss on the neck. Nathaniel's determination provided a more positive vibe for Casey. The kisses moved further downward, from the neck to the chest. Casey watched as Nathaniel engrossed himself with another male's bare skin.

Casey was still too reluctant to say something. He moaned as Nathaniel's warm lips grew moister to the touch. And then, the young man above him moved on even further down. He began to loosen Casey's belt before he pulled his pants and boxer shorts down. He flung them away almost immediately. Casey was now lying naked on someone else's bed. This would only lead to one absolute conclusion, and he didn't find any reason to retreat from Nathaniel's true feelings.

Casey almost stuttered when he asked, "What are you gonna do?"

Nathaniel caressed Casey's cock with his slow and zealous fingers. "This is to show you that I truly care."

And without hesitation, Nathaniel opened his mouth and filled it with the top half of Casey's cock.

Casey gasped. "Oh..."

He could feel Nathaniel's tongue and saliva surrounding his cock. Nathaniel kept it slow and steady. He didn't rush it, perhaps to give Casey an idea on how it should be done. Regardless, it felt so strange and so riveting at the same time. Nathaniel's naughty action made Casey shiver and moan with excitement. It made his cock grow to a complete erection. He grabbed hold of the mattress and let this new experience overwhelm him.

"Oh...it feels so good."

Nathaniel couldn't say a word, seeing as how he was busy with making his new friend submit to his first move.

Casey closed his eyes for a moment. It seemed like a new shade of bliss had been discovered. "I never felt this way before."

Nathaniel began his acceleration with his mouth. His tongue grew more aggressive when dealing with Casey's erection. More saliva flooded the interior. Casey looked down to see Nathaniel giving him his naturally captivating gaze. It kept him from feeling reluctant of this particular situation.

And then, a stirring sensation emerged from within his body. He could feel the looming eruption. Thanks to Nathaniel's endeavor, Casey would have a good reason to release his creamy substance. He used to imagine Charlene activating his primal urges. But after knowing that she would never see him as her official boyfriend, he found a suitable replacement.

"Oh, shit."

Casey squeezed his eyes shut. His muscles tensed. He tightened his grip on the bedsheet. He gasped as he felt his load departing from his body. The squirts made a direct hit in Nathaniel's mouth.

When it all emptied out of him, Casey opened his eyes again and noticed that not a single ounce of it spilled out of Nathaniel's mouth. Nathaniel finally pulled the cock right out and licked his lips with satisfaction.

Casey was stunned. "You...you swallowed ALL of it?"

Nathaniel smiled. "Yeah, and it tastes nice."

Casey didn't know what else to say. He lay still on the bed and waited for the other young man to give another response.

Nathaniel wiped away a little residue from his upper lip. "You see? I do care about you."

Casey sat up. "So you're saying that you want us to be together?"

"It may sound a little strange, but that's what I've been hoping for. This is why I stopped making fun of you. You're a beautiful human being. I don't want you to change. I want you to be who you are. Forget Charlene. She doesn't understand you, and she never will."

Casey was enthused by his words. No one at school had ever told him anything like that before. He couldn't resist. He gave Nathaniel a long kiss. He ignored his breath, which now smelled like warm semen.

He whispered in Nathaniel's ear. "Please do it."

"Do it?"

"Yes. Make me believe that we're meant to be."

Nathaniel chuckled. "Don't be alarmed. It won't hurt."

He took off his clothes in a casual manner. With a good view of a naked Nathaniel, Casey was more awestruck than ever. He expected him to have a heathy figure, but his nude image enticed his five senses and made him more aware of his urge to be more submissive to someone he never assumed to be good company.

Nathaniel sat down on his own bed while showing off his own erection. "I'm about to give you a ride."

He pointed down at his dick, which was a very clear signal to Casey. He kneeled down on top of Nathaniel and lowered himself down on the cock that awaited him. He still felt nervous. The lack of knowledge on this scenario gave him an uneasy feeling. But as the tip of the cock touched his outer rim, his hunger had risen. With a person like Nathaniel who was willing to provide some comfort for his suffering, nothing seemed too big of a risk.

He held his breath as he lowered himself even further down. Nathaniel's upright cock slid deep inside his hole. He gasped. The cock was so big that it almost stung him from the inside. But then, as the entire cock had been inserted inside him, it touched the hot spot that gave him that jolt of exhilaration.

"Oh, fuck!"

Nathaniel did just that.

He wrapped his arms around Casey and gave him a hug. He thrust his cock upwards, which made Casey's entire body follow the same rhythmic pattern as well. Both men bounced up and down. Nathaniel's constant insertion became the highlight of this performance.

Casey made good use of his vivacious movements. "Oh, fuck me hard!"

The entire planet seemed to shake. His subservient ways made him feel quite ecstatic. Nathaniel's supreme command made Casey move at a quickened pace. He leapt up in their embrace. The hot spot from within drove the charge of adrenaline into a higher state of existence. Nothing would stop Nathaniel from achieving his primary objective. His powerful motions resulted in Casey being mesmerized by his first-ever thrill ride.

"Fuck, yes! It's amazing!"

He no longer cared that Charlene had broken his heart. He no longer felt the need to wallow in his own pain. Now, for the first time, he enjoyed an unlikely companionship with someone who previously pointed his finger and laughed. Nathaniel seemed to demonstrate his newfound compassion very well. His careful yet potent portrayal of his eager dedication became clear. Casey had no complaints. He wanted this soothing experience now more than anything.

Casey tried to catch his breath. "Never stop!"

Minutes passed, and both young men still didn't feel even a hint of exhaustion. Casey did, however, feel a drop of sweat sliding down his forehead. The bouncing didn't stop. The constant upward motion could have made him dizzy, but instead, it provided a gleeful feeling inside Casey's narrow passage. He knew that it had to end eventually, but he did wish that it would last even after the sun set.

Nathaniel chuckled. "Tell me that I'm awesome."

Casey cried out, "Oh, yes! You're so fucking awesome!"

Now, it felt like Casey's hole was burning. It felt as though Nathaniel's cock would have wrecked him on the inside. Fortunately, he made it clear that his eruption would come to light.

His last few thrusts were the most powerful. "Here it comes!"

Casey gasped. "Oh, my!"

And then, it was all over. Casey almost screamed. They hugged each other tightly as Nathaniel's thick juice came out of hiding and flooded the passage that eagerly awaited it. Both young men almost collapsed on the bed, but they both stayed seated. They had to take deep breaths owing to the exhaustion that originated from their private performance.

Casey stared right into Nathaniel's eyes. Such an alluring stare made him feel welcome in this new territory.

Nathaniel whispered, "There's a tear in your eye."

Casey chuckled as he wiped away the single tear that almost slid down his cheek.

Nathaniel remarked, "Please tell me you're not unhappy again."

"No, it's not that."

Casey gave him a big smile. "It's just that I've never felt this way before. I never felt so happy...to be with you."

Nathaniel smiled back. Casey gave him a kiss as they embraced without any concern for their undressed forms. It became silent in the bedroom. Casey and Nathaniel didn't move. They were immersed in their soothing embrace. Casey no longer remembered the despair from a few hours ago. He was much too content with the end result of this brand new relationship he had found himself in.

* * *

It was a typical morning on a school day. Students and teachers in Monrovia began to fill the campus before the first bell would ring. The teachers prepared for their lectures, while the students met up with their friends. Nothing unusual occurred in and around the area. Everything appeared to be normal.

But Casey discovered a little change in his routine. As soon as he entered the campus, he looked around to see if he could find his new companion. It didn't take long for him to find Nathaniel waiting for him in a secluded region near the football field. With no time to lose, he ran up to Nathaniel and gave him a hug. Both young men were now locked in their embrace. Casey couldn't be more content with their situation. He was glad that he and Nathaniel experienced a change in their relationship. And best of all, he managed to recover from the heartbreak that almost ruined his life.

Casey and Nathaniel smiled at each other. They shared a long and warm kiss. They looked forward to staying together without any other obstacle standing in their way. They separated for the time being, since they each had a different subject in the first period. But later on, the two twelfth-graders would be together again. And this time, Casey would have no fear in facing any sort of heartbreak with Nathaniel around. And best of all, he would have no fear in being the person he always wanted to be.