 Act Two
	-The secrets we’ve made-

I spent the next two days thinking about the kiss Brayden and I had shared. It was impossible to get his heated expression out of my mind, and no matter how hard I tried the memory of his gaze still left me covered in chills. 

The day after the kiss he hadn’t been at school. A welcomed break for my overwhelmed thoughts. We shared 5th period art and I already knew seeing his face would trigger something I couldn’t hide. Everyone would see my flushed skin, would watch my eyes dart to him, and sure enough, the rumors would start to fly. 

Day two I’d seen him that morning but had promptly avoided him. Even though I knew it made me a coward, I’d left before art. I didn’t know how to face him. Didn’t know how I’d react or how he would. Knowing his cool demeanor I’m sure his gaze would travel over me like a perfect stranger, but I didn’t yet trust myself to do the same. 

If it wasn’t for needing my last English credit I would have skipped. I could have gotten away with a week before my parents took notice, but graduating was something I couldn’t risk. 

The third morning I’d convinced myself that it was all some stupid game to him. He’d seen me and had teased me in such a way on an impulse. That was that.

However, my theory was shattered when I found Brayden waiting at my locker.

“Yo,” he greeted me was a blank expression, giving me a wave.

I couldn’t respond as I stopped beside him and started to fumble with my lock. I knew if he looked down he would see the goosebumps that were already spreading over my arms. My brain was slipping into frantic mode, an onslaught of all the things I’d hoped to say to him rampaging through me.

“Skip first period and come with me,” he said.

Instinct gripped me, telling me that was a dangerous suggestion. “I−”

“It took me two days, but I figured out what we need to do.”

My fingers froze on the lock, my heart pounding so loud I feared it would echo in the crowded hall. I looked up at him, but his expression was still unreadable. 

“Do?” I asked, the word whispering out on a held breath.  

“I know a place we can talk in private.” He reached out and took my bag off my shoulder. “Follow me.”

I had no choice but to do as he asked. Like him, I needed to figure this out. If I could talk to him calmly then I could get past this. Is that maybe how he felt too? Maybe the kiss had been an impulse after all and now he regretted it?

Somehow that thought left me with an ache in my stomach. 

I followed him down the hall and towards the west end of the campus. We passed many students, all of whom would stop to greet Brayden. He’d wave with his polite smile and tell everyone he’d text them or see them later. No one paid any attention to our direction. They would all return his bright smile; never once would someone think to question him about the odd, shy boy trailing him. 

Compared to Brayden I was a shadow. I was opposite of him in every way. My hair was black, his blonde. My eyes dark hazel, his a crystal blue. He was over a head taller than me, and the mass of his body was such that I could hide behind him and not be seen. The idea that a guy like him would even think to kiss me in the first place was just crazy to me. 

We approached the back door that lead outside and up to the old vocational buildings. 
The cool morning air was fresh, the smell of spring flowers and dew washed over me as we stepped out. Brayden didn’t say anything as we headed up the walkway, and I followed him in silence as we entered a gardened area. 

I realized where we were going. He’d been right. No one would be around here at this hour. 

“We’re going to the old art club building?” I asked. 

“Yeah. Due to reconstruction and such, it won’t be torn down until next year. Since I’m going to college for art soon, the teacher said I could use this place for my studio.”

“I’ve seen your art. It’s pretty amazing.”

“Thanks,” he said over his shoulder.

We walked further until the building appeared between the trees. He pulled a key from his pocket, unlocked the door and ushered me inside. The one room was large, mostly empty except for a large executive style desk, a few chairs and canvases scattered around the floor and on the walls. 

There was no heat, and I pulled my arms tight around me as the chill seeped through my thin shirt.

Brayden sat both of our bags down and unzipped his. Crouching over it, he started rummaging through until he pulled out a sheet, a towel, and a clear small bottle. I raised my eyebrow at the odd items, wondering if it was art supplies, but then I read the label on the bottle.

“Lube?” I shouted, my mind turning quickly towards the gutter. 

He nodded as he walked over and tossed the sheet over the desk, sitting the lube within reach. “For us.”

“For us?” I repeated back. 

I felt dumbfounded. How could he say such a thing? He was as chill as if he was laying out stuff for a picnic.

He walked up to me and took hold of my forearm. I let him lead me, my mind feeling trapped in some twilight zone, until I was standing on the edge of the sheet, my butt up against the desk. 

“After the other day I thought about what had happened, Riley, and I decided that I would finish what we started.”

My brain clicked back on. “Finish? That’s your solution? Listen, I know I crashed your fun that time, but an impulsive kiss doesn’t have to lead to this.”

I was speaking normally. This time, unlike the last time, I was forcing myself to hold on to some composure. 

“Don’t worry. Though I’ve never done it with another guy I did my homework. I’ll make it good for both of us.”

His hand reached out for my face, just like before, but I leaned back avoiding his touch. 

“It was just a kiss. Why would you want to go all the way with a guy over that? You kissed that girl too.”

“I’ve kissed lots of girls.”

“See?”

“But none of them made me get as hot as your kiss.” He took another step and grabbed a hold of my shoulders. “I may have kissed you on an impulse, but what came after that was something I can’t forget. I made the decision to make you mine today and that’s what I’m going to do.”

My mouth dropped open. He reached up and traced a finger along my bottom lip.

“Have you ever thought about being with a guy?” he asked.

“No. Not until…”

“Have you ever been with a girl?”

“I’ve dated, but no.”

The smile he showed me then stole my ability to think. His eyes sparkled, and a dimple appeared on his right cheek. He really was beautiful. Even as a guy I couldn’t deny that. 

“I’ll be your first then? That makes me feel damn good.”

I swatted his hand away from my face. “Listen. I’m not going to be your plaything. Did you think I’d just idly go along with this?”

“Tell me what you want then. Want me to keep you by my side? Let everyone know that you’re my number one?”

My face blasted with color. “What are you saying? That−”

“I told you already, I’ve made up my mind. I’ll do whatever I need to in order to have you right now. Tell me.” 

He stepped up further towards me until I had reached up to grasp his shirt without thought. I looked at my own hands, balled up in the cloth over his chest. I watched myself tremble, knew the words he was saying were controlling my every thought. My body was responding to his dominant claim. I was falling into a pit I couldn’t climb out of.

“I…” 

What did I want? 

His hand slid up my arm towards my neck and the cold room suddenly didn’t feel so chilly. I clenched his shirt tighter, the memory of his kiss haunting me as I stared up at his lips. If I was standing here, not pushing him away, did that mean I wanted this too? My body surged at the thought and I felt myself growing harder. 

He must have seen the change in my eyes because his eyes narrowed, his head tilting as he leaned down towards me.

“If you let me kiss you like before I’m not going to stop this time.”

I heard his words, but all I could do was watch his lips as they descended on mine. The first touch was gentle, him lips brushing me once, twice, until I felt his tongue wet my bottom lip. I quivered, my hands holding onto him to keep me standing. His large hand grabbed my chin, and he pushed his body against mine as his tongue entered me. When he sucked my tongue into his mouth, I couldn’t hold back my moan of pleasure. 

Brayden’s whole body reacted to my sound. He grabbed me up, lifting me until I was sitting on the desk and his kiss turned desperate. His tongue plunged in and out of my mouth in hot thrust. Leaving me throbbing and hardened beyond anything I’d ever experienced. 

“Riley. I don’t know how much more I can take. Your face, your body, every sound you make. I want it all.”

His hands went down to my chest as he started undoing the buttons to my school uniform. The plain white button-up wasn’t much of a barrier, and I trembled more at the knowledge that soon his hands would be on more of my bare skin.

“You’re a track kid so I bet you have a nice body under this baggy shirt.” He said as he undid the buttons. When he pushed the fabric away at last, he whistled low as he trailed his fingers up my stomach. “Your abs are even harder than mine.” 

The compliment sent a rush through me. Another surge of heat that had me wanting to kiss him even more. For the first time, I reached my hand up to him, and his hand stilled over my chest. He was looking down at me with half-cast eyes, a look that said he was ready to devour me, but I didn’t feel scared at all. 

My hand slid up around his neck and I drew him down to me. This time I brushed my lips over his, calling forth all my will to do so. I felt cast under his spell, my body wound tight and ready to be dictated by his every touch. 

“Please be gentle.”

It was all I could say. My whispered acceptance sounding like a plea. 

His arms wrapped around me, and he crushed himself into me. His erection pressed against my own, the feeling of his excitement almost enough to send me over the edge. 

“I promised I’d make this feel good for you too.” He said as he scattered kisses on my cheeks, lips, and neck. 

His hand found my erection over my pants and he rubbed me. My hands flew back to his shoulders, and I buried my face in his chest.

“I love your reactions. So open and honest. Show me more.” His hand found my belt, unbuckled it, and the pants button followed. 

“Hold onto me.” He said as one arm lifted me just enough to slide my pants out from under me. 

He’d taken the boxers off too, so I was now left naked before him. New embarrassment raced through me and I fought the urge to try and cover myself. 

He groaned as he looked down at me. “Your body is perfect.”  

I tried to look away from the intensity of his gaze. He was still fully clothed. “How about your shirt?” I asked, feeling my flush spread all the way down my neck. 

“Wanna see more of me?” He replied with his cocky grin, pulling his shirt off and tossing it to the floor.

He may have thought I was perfect, but in truth it was him. His muscled form was the embodiment of male sex appeal. All sharp lines and hard flexed muscle. I wanted to touch him, to feel his skin, but his hands went to me and I again lost my mind.

He gripped my cock, rolling his thumb along my head. 

“Its already so wet here. You like me that much, Riley?”

“Shut up,” I bit out.

I was barely able to speak as has his hand started to stroke me. My head fell back, my hands landing behind me on the desk.

“I like this view.” He teased as he dropped a few dabs of lube onto my tip.

The feel of his hands rubbing me left me maddened. I throbbed so hard it was almost painful. I moaned, the sound so loud I had to clap one hand over my mouth to try and hush myself. My hips bucked my embarrassment no longer even an afterthought. 

I watched him, half lost in lust, as he put some more lube on his other hand. 
“Lean up here and kiss me again.”

I did as he commanded. He grabbed my lips with his teeth, and I felt him spread my thighs wider with his elbow. His tongue entered me at the same time as his finger. Pleasure intoxicated me, and before long I was plunging my tongue just as rough into his mouth. We groaned in unison, his finger swirling inside of me. 

I reached my hand down to slow the hand stroking me. “I’m not ready to cum yet. Don’t stop, just keep kissing me.”

He understood what I meant because his kiss deepened even more, a second finger joining the first inside of me. His hand reached into my hair, his fist clenching the strands. My legs trembled as his fingers thrust harder. 

When he released my hair, he pulled back from me. His fingers left my body as he reached to undo his own pants. 

“I’m gonna take you now. Ready?”

I nodded, allowing myself to once more fall back on the desk. He unfastened his own belt and opened his pants. Without taking them off, he pushed the material down enough to allow his cock to lunge forward. I stared at the impressive length, for the first time wondering if this was going to work. 

He smiled down at me as he stepped back up into my bodies heat. 

“I never thought I’d be this excited to do another guy, but damn I’ve never been so ready. How do you get me so worked up?”

He reached down and grabbed me again, his strokes fast and tight as he prepared to enter me. 

“You know this won’t be a one-time thing, right? Don’t think you can run from me after this.”

I found his words endearing, and I would have laughed but couldn’t as pleasure continued to sweep my body. 

“Tell me you’ll be mine.” He said, pressing the tip of his cock inside me.

I withered under him, my body pleading with me for release. 

“I’ll be yours.”

With that, he thrust all the way in. My back arched off the desk. All at once it was the worst and the best thing I’d ever felt. But I didn’t want him to stop. The pleasure was lightning rippling through me, a storm so strong I forget to suck in my next breath.

“You feel so fucking good.” He growled as he drove into me harder, faster. 

I again reached down and grabbed his hand away from me. I didn’t want to cum so soon. Not yet. I pulled his hand up to my mouth and sucked one of his fingers past my lips. 

He groaned again, both his hands grabbing my hips and holding me tight. The sheet was sliding, my body going back and forth, controlled by his thrusts. I put my hand over my mouth, biting down into my palm as I muffled my cries.

I watched him throw his head back, his shoulders and arms flexing with each powerful movement. My body burned from the pleasure. I could feel myself building towards climax without him even touching my cock. 

My hands reached up to grip his arms, and I found myself enthralled by his heated gaze. A look of pure ecstasy contorted his features, giving him a sterner, even sexier expression. I withered from his gaze alone. My body surged, being driven to that same ecstasy each time his cock lunged deep inside.

His hands gripped me harder, going up until he was holding my sides. 

“Touch yourself, Riley. I want you to finish with me.”

I didn’t think I needed to. Seeing him lost in me like this, his face focused so intently on me, I could use this moment to spur fantasies for the rest of my life. But I grabbed myself anyway, not wanting to show him the full power he had over me. I knew I was now beyond help. 

“Want to watch you cum,” he rasped out. His hands squeezing my skin, my whole body feeling scorched from his touch. 

He’d wanted to make me his. 

He’d succeeded. 

My body shuddered, my own muscles contracting as my climax started to swell within me. My head went from side to side. Everything in my thoughts forgotten but this man and what he was making me feel.

I cried out as I came, and I heard him say my name in a low rumble. I felt his body shudder as he thrust inside, his eyes holding me hostage as he exploded within me. I came harder, my sensitive cock twitching and shooting out all over my chest.

We were both left panting, trembling. Our eyes were still locked, neither of us able to speak or look away. 

After a silent minute, he reached down and picked me up. He pulled me forward and into his arms, then turned and sat down, his back to the desk with me sitting astride on top of him. His cock was still inside me, still hard and throbbing. I laid my head on his chest, trying to allow time for my body to get under control.

He hugged me to him, his arms not giving me an inch to move. I didn’t try. I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him lightly on the shoulder. 

I felt him shudder from my touch and he looked down at me. He didn’t need to speak for me to know he was going to kiss me. His lips were tender, the kiss holding an intimacy that had me growing hard for him all over again.

He chuckled, and I felt him grow harder too, myself tightening around him. 

“I’m going to take you again,” he whispered into my ear. 

“What? Now?” I said sounding shocked, but in truth I was already imagining him thrusting into me. 

“Right now. Tomorrow. And any day after that I can get my hands on you.”

I wanted to give him a snide retort, my bashful-self needing to defuse the level of my own need, but his words allowed my body no place to hide. My cock pulsated, pressing hard into his stomach. I was ready to be touched by him again. My body would welcome him, now and whenever he chose. 

He held my face, forcing our gazes together. 

“You’ll learn what it means to belong to me. Be ready for what’s to come.”
As he flipped me over onto the floor my rational mind once more dissipated. The only thing I knew was him, the only thing I felt was him, and I realized then that I was indeed in way over my head.