 Act Three

-Only if the stars could see-

I sat beside Brayden in my crisp pressed suit with my hands folded over my lap. All around me girls danced in the fancy dresses, their expensive shoes sinking into the grass under the night sky. They held tight to their partners as they twirled around the make-shift ballroom. A classical band played in the background, violins, and cellos serenading the full moon. 

I was still trying to figure out for the life of me how I'd gotten drug out to such a place. Our school was known for parties like these. Balls that showed off the local wealth, opportunities for the students to flaunter and parents to gather. 

To me, it all equaled a massive headache. 

I sighed for probably the fifth time that night and Brayden glanced over at me with a sympathetic look. I wanted to snap at him, tell him that if he could concern himself with me then he should do me a favor and tell me I could go home. Events like these did not put me in the best of moods, but I knew I was sulking, so I pressed my lips together and leaned back in my chair.

When he'd first asked me to come I'd turned him down in record time. Earning me a face from him I didn't want to see. His disappointment had been so evident that I'd found myself recanting, also in record time. He'd told me he'd already been obligated to attend the event, but he didn't want to come if I didn't. 

The jerk. What was a guy supposed to say to that? 

I couldn't turn him down, so now I sat here, swatting at bugs, my mood souring every passing minute. 

"There's Crystal." He nodded towards a girl walking over to us. "That's the last one. After this, I will have danced with the four girls I'd promised."

"I already told you, it's fine," I mumbled over to him.

He smiled over at me, showing me a brightness I was still getting used to seeing. I watched as he went up to her, took her hand and lead her out among the crowd.

I had to remind myself why I was here. For all of Brayden's cockiness and boasting, he was actually a very serious guy, and he'd asked, practically begging me, to come with him. Told me if I didn't he'd feel like he was cheating. Telling me that he'd already promised a dance to some classmates who'd helped him out on a recent project.

I couldn't fault him. That was the kind of guy he was. The two of us were still getting to know one another, and despite the way in which he'd approached me, that part of him was what had won him the title of Prince at our school. 

And he'd pouted at me for Christ sakes! What could I have done? 

I fought back the memory that followed that one, putting my hand up over my cheeks. That had been our second, and only other time back in the art club room. Like the first time, he'd swept me up in his pace. Wrecking my body and my thoughts all the way through first period and halfway into second. After that, I'd told him I couldn't skip for a while. 

I still didn't know if I considered us dating or what to call it. Brayden had kept true to his declaration to keep me at his side. He stayed near me at school, walking with me to classes when he could and talking to me on the phone every night. He'd kept all of this up for over a week now without any sort of request from me. In my mind, that's all things you would do with any friend, but then when I start thinking about the art club... 

Still, my mind struggled with everything, somehow not wanting to grant him the title of boyfriend. 

My eyes found him out in the crowd and I watched as he danced with the girl in the blue dress. It honestly didn't bother me. Brayden had made it clear how he felt, and I didn't doubt him in that. That made things easier for me. Jealousy wasn't in my DNA to begin with. The fact that I knew it wasn't jealousy that was causing me to sit here in my souring state, only made me feel worse. 

My true reason for being upset set on my shoulders like a ten-ton elephant. I sat, watching the people around Brayden. Even in a situation like this, he held their admiration and respect. I could see it all over their faces. Everyone always smiled for him. They would watch him laugh and they'd laugh in turn. That was his aura. People would always be drawn to him.

In his spotlight, there was no place for a shadow. 

"Riley?" 

I turned to see Aylah, a girl from my homeroom. She wore a long pink dress that clung to her body. The long V-neck traced far down to her breastbone, showing a glimpse of her cleavage. She waved at me with a bright smile as she grabbed a handful of the long silken material and walked faster towards me. 

In truth, I'd once thought her a beautiful girl. Not that I didn't think so now, but that part of me felt different somehow. 

"Hey," I greeted her. "Didn't know you'd be here tonight."

"Same. I didn't peg you for the ball type." She laughed.

"You got me. I was kinda dragged here."

"I figured." She pushed her long brown hair over one shoulder and looked around my table. "I'm surprised Brayden isn't here. You two seem to have gotten close recently."

She probably likes him too, I thought. "He's around here somewhere."

She curled her finger around the ends of her hair. "I haven't seen you dance with anyone, and it would be such a waste of your time and nice suit. Why don't you dance once with me?"

I thought about it for a moment. I had told Brayden I wasn't interested in dancing any, but it did look odd for me to come and only pay attention to him. 

"You're right. It would be a huge waste."

I stood and offered her my hand and together we joined everyone else out in the center of the large field. The music was slow, so I slid my arm around his waist. Her hands went to my shoulders and we began to sway with the gentle flow.

I didn't know if I should talk or not, but after a moment her arms slid further up my shoulders, towards my neck, and she laid her head on me. 

"I saw you at your last track event," she told me. 

"That so? You didn't come say hi."

"I was there with a friend. I saw you run though. You did awesome."

"Yeah." I flushed with embarrassment, glad she couldn't see my face. "Second place though."

She gave my shoulders a light shove, lifting herself up to face me. "Second place is great. Don't be down on yourself."

"Thanks."

I was starting to feel awkward, so I looked away, not wanting to meet her gaze. Though, it wasn't her gaze I needed to worry about. It was Brayden's. 

Our eyes met, and I felt my heartbeat kick in my chest. He was facing me through the crowd. His expression one I'd never seen but could only compare with the faces he'd shown me during our time in the art club building. His eyes blazed like a seething flame. Somehow, even though his lips were still smiling, I knew he wasn't.

Shit.

His gaze held onto me the entire rest of the song. I parted from Aylah the moment the music stopped, thanked her, and excused myself back towards my table. I could tell she still wanted to talk, probably wanting a chance to run into Brayden, but I darted out of the crowd without giving her the chance to respond. 

I was almost to the table when Brayden came up and grabbed my arm.

"Who was that?" he asked, his voice low and monotoned. 

"A girl from my homeroom."

"Thought you weren't dancing?"

"Figured it wouldn't hurt."

His hand clenched my arm tighter, and I watched him locate her over with her friends. "She's pretty hot."

My irritation sparked. "Something else you're trying to say?"

"Do you like her?"

"What? No."

When she looked over towards us he huffed and drew me in the opposite direction. He pulled me along the outskirts of the crowd, along the shadows of the tree grove that boxed in the large field. He didn't let go, not even when people eyed us with curious expressions. 

I tried to jerk my arm back, but he paid me no mind, holding tight. 

"What's your problem? I danced with one girl. At a dance."

He stopped and turned to face me. His lips were set in a stern frown, his eyes looking at everyone around us. 

I raised my eyebrows at him, waiting for his reply, but Brayden wasn't someone I could predict well. He'd surprised me from that start, and tonight he must have decided to keep up that trend. 

He bit his lip, glared down at me angry enough to light my head on fire and started pulling me into the tree line. He tugged me along behind him, past clusters of bushes and trees, away from the lights, further and further into the darkened forest until the music was a soft lull in the background. I'm not sure why I never spoke. The words just wouldn't come to my head. No complaints or questions. 

I stumbled over a root sticking up out of the dirt and he finally stopped. He released me, and I half expected him to slam me into a tree. To my surprise, he didn't.

"Do you really not get it?" he asked, not looking back at me.

I felt my chest tighten. "I didn't think it would matter so much to you." I said, then I mumbled again, "It was only one dance."

"One dance with the one girl who's been watching you all night." 

I stared at his back, my brain working to piece together what he was implying. Had he been watching the people around me too? 

When I didn't respond he asked, "Did you really not notice?"

"Not at all."

"Your radar is way off."

"You're worrying for nothing. It's me we're talking about."

"Why do you think I'm so pissed, Riley? Damn, you have no knack for this kind of thing."

My fist clenched at my sides. I wasn't sure how to react to his jealousy. I'd only been thinking about myself all night, throwing my own little pity party, and yet he'd been so in tune to me that he'd notice someone else paying attention to me that I'd completely been oblivious to. 

I laughed. I couldn't help myself. It bubbled up out of me before I could hold it back. Every side of him I was discovering was driving my heart into a corner. 

"Brayden, you're too much," I said, covering my face with my hand I was laughing so hard. 

He turned to look at me, his face still a mix of angry and fed-up, and I fought to shut myself up. My heart felt so light. Even his face was making me want to smile like an idiot. 

"Does it make you feel better that she was looking at you?"

His eyes burned into mine, forcing me to take him more seriously. I cleared my throat, shaking off the last of my laughter. 

"I don't really care if she was or not," I replied.

He reached out and grabbed my hand. "Then prove it."

"Huh?" I barked out, taking a step back. Dammit all, I couldn't keep up with him.

"Didn't you come here with me? Do you or do you not like me?"

"What's with that all of a sudden?" I asked, backing away. My mind started flooding with all the things we'd done. All the claims he'd made while taking my body. How could he just ask me that out here like that?

He followed my retreat, taking a step each time I did until I was backed into a thick tree. 

I knew it would end up this way. My body raced anytime we were alone. My dick getting hard whenever he was within reach. I knew a part of me wanted him to press me like this. I'd backed into the tree myself. 

His hand landed beside me on the tree. "I told you that you're mine. You even said so yourself. Now I want you to prove it."

"You can't be serious. Now? Out here? Someone could walk up and see us." 

"I never cared one bit about keeping our relationship private. If someone, like that girl of yours, is so curious to follow us, looks like we'll be giving them a show."

His other hand went to my chin, lifting my head up to look at him as his body pressed into mine.

"She's not my girl," I whispered, my cock hardening more as I stared up at the shadowed outline of his lips.

"You're damn right she's not." He leaned down as if to kiss me but lingered just above my lips. "I didn't like seeing her touch you. Not one bit. What are you going to do to make me forget about that?"

The implication of his tone and the stiffness of his erection pressing into me made it clear as to what he wanted. 

My heart raced, and like both times before I could feel my body start to change. His heat mixed in with my own, my body catching fire anywhere I thought of him touching me. I wanted him inside of me. I wanted to feel him cum, wanted to feel his hands squeeze me as he shuddered from the release my body gave him. 

"I can. I'll make you forget." 

I grabbed a hold of his collar and pulled him down the last few inches. I kissed him, thrusting my tongue into his mouth as hot as he had that first day in the bathroom. I held nothing back, moving my hips into him as he held tight against me. Our tongues swirled together, the taste of him flooding my mouth. 

I reached for his pants, earning a groan of pleasure from him. I drank it up, sucking his tongue deep into my throat. I worked my way through his clothes until his hard cock was gripped tight in my hand. His dick was hot, the warm, wet tip sliding over my palm as I started to tease him.

I pulled my mouth from his and turned us until it was him against the tree. 

"This should be good proof for you," I said as I got down on my knees. 

I could now see his eyes lit up by the reflection of the moon. He was staring down at me, his passion-filled gaze driving me forward. I pulled his cock from his pants and stroked it. 

"You gonna suck it for me, Riley?" His raspy voice fell over me like hot wax, my skin tingling.

I didn't answer, instead, I flicked out my tongue and touched it to the tip of his head. He instantly groaned as his precum smeared over my lips. My own cock throbbed as I licked up his juices and took his head into my mouth. The soft tip was velvet on my tongue. His taste, the feel of his erect cock pressing my mouth wider open, it was all sending me into a desired filled haze. 

I'd never done this before, but I no longer cared. I sucked him deep inside all the way to the back of my throat. I became frantic in my need to please him. My head dipped faster and faster as I sucked and licked him like I'd imagined doing since the day he kissed me. One of my hands reached up to caress his balls while the other followed my mouth up and down on his throbbing shaft. 

"Oh-my-god yes. Fuck me with your mouth." Brayden ordered as his hips thrust him deeper inside. 

I tried not to chock, but each time I did I felt him buck into me harder. Curious, I did it again to watch his response. His head fell back on the tree, his hips helplessly lunging forward. Every reaction he made had me dripping with my own need. I sucked harder, my tongue lavishing every inch of his hardened cock. 

"Do you wanna get me off with your mouth? See how my cum taste?" He asked, his hand grabbing the back of my head.

I did want it. I wanted him to fill my mouth. My tongue rolled around his head again then back down his length as deep as I could take him in.

He groaned and when I came back up he pulled me back away from him. 

"Maybe I'll let you taste it next time." He said as he grabbed a hold of my hips and spun me towards the tree. "Pull your pants down. I want to cum on your ass." 

I was too clouded with lust to argue. I quickly undid them and dropped them down to my knees. He bent me over until I had to grab the tree with both hands, his wet cock pressing between my ass cheeks. I fought back my moans to the point my eyes started to water. My cock jolted, pleading with me to take it into my hands.

Brayden rubbed himself into me, using both my body and his hands to bring himself the rest of the way. 

The feel of his hot jizz hit my skin and I shuddered, unable to ignore my own pulsating need any longer. I grabbed my wet tip and rubbed the precum down my cock, moaning Brayden's name as his cum ran down over the spot that wanted him the most. 

I thought I'd explode the moment I felt his tip graze my entrance. I felt him rub his cock from there, along my cheeks, and then I heard the wets sounds of his hand coating himself with his own cum. 

"I couldn't let you drink it this time since I needed it for this. But I'll let you swallow the second." The head of his dick started to press inside of me. "You want me here, don't you?" 

I stroked myself faster. "I do. Put it in me." 

My words spilled from my mouth lost to a passion I couldn't control. The fact that we were outside and surrounded by hundreds of people completely forgotten. I pressed my self back, taking in a bit more of him. 

"Don't be so hasty." He pulled himself out, then once more put only the tip in. "First I need you to tell me who you want. Whose dick do you crave?"

"Yours," I panted, my voice turning into a moan as he pushed in a little deeper. 

"Who alone has the right to touch your body?"

I cried out as he shoved more of himself in. "Brayden." 

"Don't let her touch you again." He demanded as he thrust himself all the way in. 

I was forced to grab the tree with both hands again as he started taking me in long, heavy thrusts. His throbbing dick entered me in pounding waves, the pain/pleasure of it had me biting my bottom lip. If I moaned now someone would hear. I wouldn't be able to hold back my voice if I gave in. 

His hands spread my ass cheeks wider as he held me. Driving himself deeper than he'd ever gone. My cock felt swollen to the point it would burst with one touch, but I didn't want to let go. I didn't want to stop the feeling that was happening inside me each time his head plunged deep within. My insides felt hot, his cock filling my body, bringing me to a place he'd only ever taken me. 

Brayden reached up and grabbed my hair, turning my head until he could see half of my face.

"I want you to swallow my cum this time. How about it? Will you open your mouth for me?"

I didn't know it was going to happen, but the thought of him shooting into my mouth after fucking me sent me over the edge. I started to cum, my arms clutching the tree while Brayden continued to slam into me. My whole body shook, my mouth hung open on a silent cry of pleasure. 

Brayden bent over me, wrapping his arm around my stomach as I shuddered from my orgasm. He clamped one hand over my mouth as he started driving into me with newfound force.

"Tasting my cum gets you that hot," he stated, his hand tilting my head to look back at him. "Every time you cum I want it to be because of me. Think only of me."

I came harder at his words. The last of my climax leaving my body barely able to stand. 

He waited until he felt me nod into his hand then he pulled out of me. Holding me by my face, he turned me around and directed me down to my knees.

"Open your mouth," he said, his hot dick being stroked right over my mouth.

I obeyed. Opening wide, I sat on my knees in the dirt, pants down to my ankles, waiting for his cum to shot into my mouth. His hand remained on the side of my face, holding onto me with both eyes and body as he started to climax. 

The warm, salty liquid hit my tongue, covered my lips. I drank it all. Swallowing his taste like I'd never gone without it. He stroked himself, watching my every move. 

I'd never witnessed anything so erotica. The way he watched me felt like a brand being put over my entire body. 

Once he was done I wiped his cum from my face with my fingers, knowing he was still watching me as I licked off every drop. 

His eyes closed, and he shook his head, smiling. He reached out and pulled me to my feet, grabbed my pants and pulled them up, fixing the button and belt as well. 

"I find you so sexy I wonder if something's wrong with me." He said, giving me a light kiss before stepping back to adjust himself.

I smiled at his confession, my face blushing. I felt him watching me and hoped in the dark he couldn't see how red his words alone could make me. 

"I've made another decision," he announced, crossing his arms over his chest.
