 Lance just couldn't take his eyes off of him. As soon as the eighteen-year-old high school student looked out the kitchen window, the African-American man in the swimming pool became a popular sight. Troy didn't work at the police station today, so he decided to spend this warm afternoon drenched in fresh cool water. Lance suspected that the man didn't even realize his sudden arrival in the house, and he hoped Troy's mindset would stay the same for now.

The student in the kitchen sighed. Troy had just emerged from the deep end. Just watching the water dripping down his head and shoulders made Lance tremble. The simple spectacle shouldn't have persuaded his five senses to lose a bit of control. Troy got out of the pool to reveal his dark blue swim trunks being the only piece of clothing on his body. Lance should have looked away, but he couldn't. Just one look at the policeman's half-naked body, and the slender young man began to feel a little weak in the knees. The muscular arms and chest would have made the average American woman swoon. Lance clearly wasn't a woman, though he began to feel like one at this moment. He could feel something rising from within his cerebral capacity. He felt tempted to join him in the swimming pool. This particular scenario didn't lack any of its original appeal at all.

"Hey, Lance, can you hear me?"

Lance quickly turned around to see his girlfriend, Sabrina, standing right behind him with her arms folded across her chest.

He faked a smile and said, "I completely buzzed out for a second."

Sabrina laughed. "Better be careful. It looked like you were having a crush on my dad."

"Now that's funny."

"Listen, I'll be gone for a few minutes. I'm gonna get something from the supermarket. Do you want anything?"

Lance shook his head. "No, I'm fine."

They kissed each other before Sabrina left the kitchen and walked out the front door. Lance was alone in the kitchen once more. He slid his fingers across his shaggy brown hair. He wanted to curse himself for this alternative attraction he had never stumbled upon before. But he couldn't help it. He kept his eyes on the black man in the swimming pool.

As a top-ranking official in the Fullerton Police Department, Troy always kept in shape by exercising and eating healthy, at least according to the basic information that Sabrina offered to her boyfriend. Her words spoke true because Lance found himself licking his lips without even realizing it. He watched as Troy exited the pool and dried himself with a white-colored towel. Lance walked up to the kitchen table and pretended to scramble his belongings in his backpack.

Troy opened the patio door and spotted him right away. "Hi there, Lance. When did you come in?"

Lance tried hard to compose himself as he stared at Troy's gorgeous abs for a split second. "Sabrina and I came in about ten minutes ago. She's now on her way to the supermarket to buy some snacks."

"Tell me you're doing only homework today."

Lance tried to laugh, but couldn't. "Don't worry. I know the rules."

"Good. I'll be in the bathroom if you need anything."

Troy left the kitchen, leaving behind wet footprints on the marble tiles. When alone, Lance breathed a sigh of relief. He felt so fortunate that Troy never looked down. A little lump in Lance's brown cargo shorts had already revealed itself as a visible item that deserved to be hidden from unwanted eyes. He grabbed his cup from the countertop and took a long sip of his water. He shook his head to fend off a certain dirty daydream that overwhelmed his conventional train of thought. Imagining a middle-aged African-American man standing naked in the bathroom didn't belong to his usual mental vibe. He couldn't stop thinking about it, however. It managed to stay as an image he so desperately wanted to see in real life. He placed the cup back on the counter. He now only had one thing in mind. Once he left the kitchen, the young man tiptoed his way across the hallway. The bathroom door was located at the other side of the hallway, right alongside the stairs. It remained partially open as it let the fluorescent light from inside spill over and spread all across the marble floor. Lance held his breath. He just had to see the man inside the bathroom.

Once he took a peek inside, he caught sight of the mirror showing Troy as he continued to dry himself with his towel. He had just taken off his swim trunks, so now he had nothing else to wear. The sight of his naked self was enough for Lance to keep the bulging figure in his cargo shorts steady without an abrupt termination. Troy held such a high regard for his muscular exterior, and Lance took advantage of it by giving himself a free show.

The young man unzipped his shorts and rubbed the solid figure inside it gently with his fingers. Never had he experienced such unusual encouragement, especially when inspired by another man's body. He made sure that Troy either didn't look out the door or didn't set his eyes on the mirror where Lance would be visible in the hallway. The young man just kept rubbing his cock, which had already grown to its most rock-hard shape.

All of a sudden, his smartphone rang.

"Shit!"

He pulled his smartphone from out of his pocket. He answered it as soon as Troy opened the door and looked to see who spied on him. Lance hung up when realizing that a telemarketer had just given him the call. He couldn't say anything at this point. Troy now stood a few feet in front of him with absolutely nothing to wear. Lance kept himself from looking down at the black man's erection. But then, he realized his mistake as he looked down at his own penis no longer in hiding.

He zipped up his cargo shorts and said, "Give me time to explain and you'll understand the whole thing."

Troy didn't look surprised at all. "You don't have to explain. I know what's going on."

Lance placed his smartphone back in his pocket. "You do?"

"You love being naughty, don't you?"

Lance didn't like the direction the officer had just taken. "Whatever you're thinking of, it's not true. I would never betray Sabrina like this."

A little smile formed on Troy's face. "You're in denial. I was right all along."

The young man just had to tell the truth. "I didn't know why I did it. I couldn't help myself."

"Oh, I know why you couldn't help yourself. You can't resist a body like mine."

"Don't say that!"

"Don't deny it. It's what you want. You want me to fuck you like a horse, don't you?"

Lance was about ready to flee the scene. "Maybe it's best that I leave."

"What's the point? I already know what you want. Maybe it's best that your wish should come true."

"But I can't."

Troy stepped back in the bathroom. "Come on in. You've got nothing to be afraid of."

Lance couldn't stop thinking of Sabrina and how much she meant to him. "I can't do it."

Troy narrowed his eyes while keeping his little smile intact. "Yes, you can. There's no room for bad excuses whenever I'm around. Now, come on in. You don't want me to tell Sabrina what you just did, do you?"

"No. Of course, not."

Lance stepped inside. Despite fighting off the rising warmth that he bestowed upon his body and mind, he kept his composure while standing right in front of the one man who made him tingle inside.

Troy asked, "Do you like what you see?"

Lance nodded. "Yes, I do."

Troy pointed at his erection. "Go ahead. Touch it if you want."

Lance did it right away. He laid his fingers on it and caressed it with as much gentleness as he could handle. It felt so warm and thick. Lance took deeper breaths from this newfound experience. He didn't want to stop caressing it.

Troy smiled. "You're good."

Without warning, he grabbed the shaggy-haired student by the arms and pulled him closer. "Kiss me."

Lance held his breath as he leaned forward and pressed his lips against Troy's own. He should have stopped himself, but he didn't. Some invisible entity must have kept him from losing temptation. He wanted a deeper bond with his girlfriend's father more than anything.

Troy gave him a big hug. "Oh, I just love the feel of a handsome white boy in my arms."

Lance, who was a few inches shorter than Troy, had a good look at his chocolate-colored chest. The muscles that materialized beneath the skin made Lance lose his composure. He placed his hands on Troy's chest to feel its moist rigidity. He adored its external appearance, and it made him want to grow closer to Troy even more. The young man kissed and licked the dark surface for as long as he wanted. It soothed him, made him want to allow himself to endure obedience for another man.

Troy chuckled. "Damn, you're better than good."

Lance continued to taste the black man's damp exterior. "I can't stop myself."

"That's because you know I've got the right stuff. I'll prove it."

Troy turned him around and undid his belt. He pulled Lance's shorts down and smacked his bulbous tip against the left buttock.

Lance understood the signals. "You shouldn't be doing this!"

Troy whispered in his ear, "This is what you want, isn't it?"

He grabbed Lance's peach-colored prick and began to slide his fingers up and down. Lance closed his eyes as Troy pressed his stiff cylinder against his buttock. The high school senior believed this to be a dream, but it felt so real. He never let another man, or a policeman for that matter, touch him like this. Despite this unusual practice, he didn't question it. He didn't mind the break from traditional ethics and just waited until his arousal would reach its limit. He took deeper breaths that synchronized with Troy's fast-moving fingers.

"You like that, don't you?"

Lance provided a rather straightforward response. "Oh, yes. Fuck, yes!"

A rousing sensation formed in his hip and thighs. He knew what was coming because of past experiences with masturbation. "Oh...oh, yes!"

It took a few more seconds for the eruption to take effect. Large blobs of human fluids had been ejected from Lance's cock and landed on the floor. Troy still didn't cease his rapid movements. As more and more semen plummeted to the ground, Lance had a chance to relax himself. He breathed a sigh of relief as Troy let go of his cock.

"That is what you're capable of."

Lance whispered, "I'm sorry about the floor. I can clean it if you want."

"We're not done here."

Troy still stood behind him. He jabbed the edge of Lance's hole with the tip of his penis.

From the corner of his eye, Lance could see the little smile that stayed on Troy's face.

"But I'm not ready."

"You don't have to be."

Lance held his breath. In just a few seconds, Troy was able to plug his cock inside Lance's hole without lubrication, despite its enormous size and length. Lance gasped from the sudden incursion. He grabbed Troy's arms which had found their place on the young man's chest. Troy slid his black cock in and out of him beginning with a slow pace.

"Oh, Troy! It's so big!"

"You'll get used to it. Trust me."

Lance didn't even notice Troy's smooth acceleration. He was still thunderstruck by what had just happened in the last three minutes. It happened so fast, everything from Troy swimming in the pool to Lance unzipping his shorts while watching the officer dry himself. Now that he convinced himself to prevent any resistance whatsoever, Troy had the freedom to take advantage of his psychological weak spot. And it lasted for more than a few minutes. He had to keep his eyes on the open door several times to see if Sabrina would just walk in and give a stunned expression while watching them occupying each other.

Lance kept panting. "I want more! Don't fucking stop! I want more!"

Troy laughed. "Now that's a good boy."

Even if the intensity inside his hole grew more unbearable during the smooth transition from slow to swift, Lance still didn't protest his status as one with a submissive personality. He enjoyed the ride so much that, for a brief moment, he put a smile on his face. The powerful sting inside him had transformed into a more effective stimulus that seemed to gratify his five senses.

"Oh, fuck!"

Troy squeezed him hard. "That's right! Just take it!"

Lance cried out, "Fuck, yeah!"

The climax was almost immediate. Troy brought his special machinery to an end. They held each other tightly to ease the tension between them. Lance felt weak in the knees. He now understood the situation, and it didn't frighten him at all.

Troy kept his precious possession inside him. "How did it feel to you?"

"So different...and yet, so right."

Lance shivered when Troy unplugged him from his own body. From behind, Troy kissed him on the cheek. His deep masculine voice, articulated with true authority, kept the student as calm as concrete.

"You should clean yourself up."

Lance slowly nodded. "Don't worry. I will."

"I'll be upstairs if you want more."

But Lance didn't want any more. He couldn't stop thinking of Sabrina, and how he now had to betray her trust. As soon as Troy walked naked up the stairs, Lance closed the bathroom door and locked it. He didn't take a shower just yet. He gathered a small portion of Troy's warm bodily fluid off of his thigh with his finger. He lifted his finger up to his face and observed the thick cream that found temporary residence on his skin. Without delay, he licked it off his finger. It tasted quite salty and almost syrupy.

"I can't believe I just did that."

He wanted to taste more of it, but knowing that Sabrina would arrive in a few minutes, he finally fought against his own temptation. He took a shower, which lasted for several minutes. When he finished, Lance found Sabrina in the kitchen with a fairly perplexed look in her eyes.

She asked, "Did you get dirty or something?"

Lance knew what she meant. "I took a little swim when your dad finished."

"Without any swim trunks?"

"Your dad let me borrow one of his own."

Sabrina raised an eyebrow. "It took me twenty minutes to get something from the supermarket and come back. So you're saying that you swam for only fifteen minutes?"

"I changed my mind pretty quickly as soon as I got in the water."

"That's kinda strange."

"It's the way it is, really."

Lance never mentioned the events that transpired in the bathroom. When he and Sabrina finished their homework one hour later, he said goodbye as he packed up his textbooks and notebooks. He left the building and walked all the way home, from one suburban neighborhood to another. He didn't walk away feeling dejected, only confused. Just the thought of being handled by another man made him wonder why he accepted such a wily offer.