 After spending almost a year having gay sex I starting thinking about sex with women again and wondered if I would still enjoy it so I decided I would try and find a woman to date and possibly have sex with.

I started going out to some local bars and after a couple week I met this really nice lady with short blonde hair about 5'2 and about 120LBS and a very nice body and gorgeous ass and on our third date we slept together. I kissed her body from head to toe and front to back and we ended up in the 69 position and after some long serious foreplay we fucked in several positions.

Over the course of the next few weeks we fucked a lot and every time I did her doggie style I was wishing it was me getting fucked in the ass and one night after we got done I used an excuse that I had to go home and left about midnight.

I went home showered and cleaned myself out real good then went to a cruising spot that was near a park.

I parked and sat checking out who all was going by and about 15 minutes of sitting there this guy comes up to my window and started chatting with me then he pulls his cock out and ask if I wanted to suck his cock as he was stroking it. He was about my height and pretty in shape from what I could tell with the clothes he was wearing and guessing late 20's. As we're chatting I was staring at his now hard cock which looked to be around 7 to 8 inches and a little thick and it was making my mouth water so I told his cock was driving me crazy and I wanted to suck him and he said follow me which we headed to the park. We found an area of the main path.

We went behind some bushes and the whole time he never put his cock back in his pants and when he turned around to face me it was sticking out and up at about a 45* angle and I dropped to my knees and grabbed a hold of it and started jerking it slowly as I lowered my head and started licking his cock head. I licked up and down his shaft and licked around his balls and he was letting out some soft moans and telling me how good it felt. I started slowly sucking his cock and after a short time I was pressing my nose against his pelvic.

About 10 minutes into enjoying having his cock in my mouth he tells me he wants to fuck me and at this point it had been over 3 weeks since I last sucked or got fucked and was ready for some good cock and I stood up and pulled my shorts and underwear down to my ankles and turned around as he put his hand on my shoulder and started to bend me over. I heard him spit in his hand and started rubbing between my ass cheeks and around my hole. I handed him a small tube of lube and could feel it being put on my hole as he slide a finger inside me.

I pushed back against his finger while letting out a moan, then he worked in another finger then he pulled them out and I felt his cock head touching and I pushed back and felt that awesome feeling when the cock head pops inside. We both paused to let my hole adjust to his cock head and then slowly he started going deeper and deeper until his pelvic was touching my ass cheeks and again a pause to let my hole relax and it seemed he was thicker then I thought.

Then he slowly started sliding out and in with little strokes and was driving me nuts from the feeling I told him I need a real good fucking and we started pumping in rhythm and speeding up and we were both grunting and moaning and before long the loud slapping of his body and my ass was getting pretty fast which lasted for about 10 minutes and just as he slammed in me and pulled me as hard as he could into him and he started to cum I noticed another guy standing off to the side stroking his cock but I didn't care and was in the moment of feeling his every squirt of cum filling my ass.

While he was filling my insides I started to cum and it was the hardest orgasm I had in a long time. The guy standing off to the side walks over to us and with his cock still in his hand just as the guy pulls out of me I could feel some of his cum seeping out I dropped to my knees and took the other guys cock into my mouth. He wasn't that big so it was easy to deep throat him and it didn't take long before he fill my mouth with cum and I swallowed every bit of it.

After that both guys got redressed and walked away with me still on my knees and my shorts around my ankles I got hard again so I started stroking myself while staying on my knees I could feel cum running down the inside of my leg then a couple minutes later another guy walks over to me and says he loves when a guy knows his place and pulls his cock out and grabs my head pulling into his crotch.

HE was a black man with about a 7 inch thick cock that was extremely dark and as I started sucking him I could in vision how this very dark cock looked sliding in and out of my white face as I eagerly sucked his cock while he held my head and pumped his hips into my face. He was being very verbal and within about 5 minutes or so he pulls out of my mouth and started cumming on my face, after a few streams landed on my face he shoved his cock back in my mouth and finished cumming in my mouth.

Once he was done he pulls out calling me a cock sucking white faggot as he was rubbing his cum all over my face with his cock then shoved it back in my mouth and told me to clean his dick off. Once I was done he zipped up and said thanks bitch and left.

I finished jerking off and got dressed and headed back to my car and was thinking how much I enjoyed being a cock slut for other men and how having sex with men was without a doubt much better then sex with women and as I got in my car I realized I was no longer interested in sex with women but only be a bitch slut for men which at that moment I confirmed I was definitely gay.