 It'd been approximately nine months since Mark and Gina had been in bed together. That morning they were especially quiet with one another, and Gina was sore. She couldn't explain why, but with Mark's head in his cereal, preparing for another day at his law firm, Gina knew it was going to be another month without sex. She'd toned for him and prepared for him as best as she could. She tried everything to lure him home, but Mark was a bonafide workaholic, working to provide her with the very best. And she'd lived through the very best that he'd had to offer. 

His law firm and practice were successful thus Gina got to live the high life as a working wife who also appreciated her leisure time. She wasn't bad to look at, and Mark loved red heads. It was just a pressing time for him, and Gina wasn't what you'd call understanding of him. She wanted to have him home and doing nothing but laying around, but Mark wasn't the lying around type of guy. Gina seduced him and hinted around but Mark always gave an excuse for not wanting to have sex. He had to work, and he'd worked very hard to ensure she could continue living a comfortable life. 

That morning she'd fizzled in her coffee, reading her magazine and angrily gleaming over at him, as he stood up preparing to seize the day once more. Mark made his way to the steps packing up for the day and walked over kissing Gina goodbye. She'd made an effort to kiss him multiple times and rubbed his crotch for a bit signaling she'd wanted some alone time before work.

"Just stay for a while," she pleaded softly.

"I'd love to, but you know I have to work."

"Just twenty minutes of your time, I promise it'll be worth it."

"I'd love to," he insisted kissing her, "But I have to go. Plus, there's that trip I have to get ready for."

"Trip?" she asked confused, "What trip?"

"I have to go away for a week to be with mom, you know that."

"Oh great, and I'm stuck here all alone."

"You have your hobbies don't you?" he asked standing by the door.

"Fine," she huffed storming off, "I'll wait on you again."

"Again?"

"It's been almost a year since we've... you know," she shrugged, "I'm anxious, okay?"

"It's not on purpose."

"You keep turning me down."

"Not on purpose."

"So what do you call rejecting me ten times in a row?"

"Will power."

"That's very funny. You know, you're lucky I'm faithful to you or..."

"Or what? You're going to chat on me?" he asked angrily.

"I'm just saying, I want some affection."

"Fine," he sighed kissing her, "When I come back, I promise we'll take a weekend and be together. Just us."

"Promise?"

"I promise. But for now, I have to go." He turned rushing off as she crossed her arms watching in a furor. The week went by just as Mark had planned. He went across the country to visit his mother to be with her since she was a widow and Gina stood behind forced to keep herself company. That Monday when Mark returned though things weren't right at his home. He'd found another car parked in his driveway, and he'd entered his house completely confused to where Gina was.

He'd entered the basement and found Gina in sweats running on her treadmill in front of a younger man who watched, cheering her on. Gina panted slowing on her treadmill and greeted Mark with a grin.

"You're home early."

"Yeah, I came home to be with you, who's this?"

"Mark, this is Kevin, my new personal trainer."

He shook hands with Kevin and was not completely confused as to why he'd been hired. Kevin was a good looking and muscular man with very short black hair who'd obviously attracted a lot of women, and from the minute they shook hands Mark could sense what Gina was up to.

"It's very nice to meet you Mr. Reynolds."

"Same here, Gina? Can we talk for a second."

They'd made their way in to the kitchen as Kevin stood behind and Mark decided to confront her.

"What are you trying to pull?"

"What's wrong?"

"You hired a guy who looks like that for what?"

"To train me, to lose weight, so what?"

"What, are you trying to make me jealous?"

"So what if I am? You know it feels good to have the attention of another man for once. You've pushed me away for almost a year now, and I'm tired of it."

"So if he pursues something with you, you're going to sleep with him?"

"No," she declared, "But I love the attention he lavishes on me, I admit it. He makes me feel confident and young, so what?"

"He's out of here."

"No he's not, he's going to work me out every day and I'm paying him!"

"You know what? Fine, just be that way, but don't expect me to hang around and watch you slobber over him." Mark stormed off as Gina went back in to the basement for her session. The days passed and Mark noticed Kevin was around a lot more often than usual. The training went on for four days out of the week, and Gina always made a show out his appearances.

She'd made sure to flirt with Kevin, and always ensured a touch on the arm or leg that she knew would drive Mark crazy. Mark was definitely jealous of the pair and the friendship they'd formed over the month they'd worked together, and even made an effort to sleep with her on many occasions. She'd won the battle, and she deflected him the more the sessions increased with Kevin. After a week of trying, Mark stopped, and grew bitter at Gina's incessant bolstering of Kevin's physique, and smile, and personal life. One day he'd decided enough was enough. Kevin arrived one afternoon while Gina was away to collect his paycheck, and Mark sought out to confront him about their time together.

"This is for this month's sessions and that's about it."

"What do you mean?" Kevin asked.

"I mean that's it. We don't require your services anymore."

"Did I do something wrong?" he asked sitting at the work bench, "I've been very encouraging with Gina and we're making good progress."

"Yeah, I don't appreciate the time spent with my wife, okay?" Mark shrugged, "I'm tired of seeing you two together flirting and going on like I'm not even here."

"Whoa, hold on a second—"

"—No you hold on, I'm tired of it."

"I'm Gay."

"What?" Mark asked confused and taken aback.

"I'm gay. I've been gay since I was in college."

"Then what's with all the flirting and giggling—"

"—I was just humoring Gina. To be honest... I think she has a lot to work on, most of all her body. She barely works out and half the time we spend it's her coming on to me, and asking about my life."

"She's trying to make me jealous."

"Well, she pretty much wastes her time, doesn't she?"

"We've been through a dry streak," Mark chuckled awkwardly.

"I can tell. You don't seem to miss it much."

"Gina's so gorgeous but..."

"You want more?"

Mark shrugged.

"If she's such a piss poor client then... why do you humor her?"

"The pay is good, she's easy to work with."

"Okay."

"And you're easy on the eyes."

Mark paused for a moment, blushing, and nodded, "That's very flattering, but..."

"It's just women are so full of games these days. With men you know where you stand. Gina plays a lot of games."

"She's been like that since we were going out."

"You don't look at her like you're turned on by her too much."

"These days with her attitude..."

"Women are just... so rigid and complicated... and... I humor them for kicks. Truth is... if it weren't for you I'd have quit a long time ago..."

Mark stood silent, soaking in the flattery.

"Men are up front and blunt. There's no run around. If you were my client, I'd have asked you out a long time ago."

"You know I'm married..."

"Aren't you tired of games? And... walking on egg shells? I know you notice me the way I notice you. Your eyes bulged the day we first met."

He stood silently, nodding, "You're very good looking."

"And you need better."

He leaned over kissing Mark with a peck and they met eyes kissing deeply and rubbing tongues against one another's, embracing one another. This was the feeling Mark had missed and Kevin was more than willing to indulge him as he tore his pants off sitting down at the work bench to suck him off. Kevin gave Mark no moment to reconsider, sucking him off with all his might as Mark groaned aloud clutching the bar bells with both hands.

Kevin looked up at Mark sucking him off deeply and slowly, savoring his cock while Mark groaned aloud struggling to stand up. His knees went weak from under him as Kevin gave him a blowjob Gina never could in all their years together, and he was in awe. Mark leaned down kissing Kevin deeply as they embraced and tore each others clothes off. Kevin tore off his tank top and shorts while Mark quickly took his suit off, dropping it to the floor. They crashed bodies and sitting along the edge of the bench kissing and touching one another. Kevin slid his legs around Mark's waist rubbing their hard cocks against each others. Mark looked down noticing Kevin acknowledging his rock hard cock and Kevin knew what he meant by a dry streak.

Mark hadn't known it himself but the dry streak was boredom after all, and his cock welcomed Kevin's mouth. Kevin knelt down along the basement floor, sucking him off furiously as Mark groaned aloud and leaned his head back, enjoying every sensation that Kevin gave that Gina couldn't. After minutes submitting to Kevin's skills, Mark was so spent by the cock sucking he lay back along the work bench. Kevin took control, quickly straddling him and slid his ass down on Mark's cock. 

Kevin grunted aloud feeling the painfully hard cock throb in to him, and thrust down on to him groaning. "Oh my god...!" Mark quivered savoring the sensation. He grasped Kevin's waist with both hands guiding him down again with a hard thrust and soon Kevin was riding Mark hard and slow, moaning and panting as Mark moaned in a state of arousal and sheer amazement at how good he felt. Kevin sped up and rode him hard and fast as Mark guided Kevin's waist, savoring every single thrust and pounding that they shared with one another. It was a feeling Mark hadn't felt in forever.

The two panted, gazing in to one another's eyes as Kevin rode him, finally pounding his cock so hard Mark let out a cry and went limp as his cock pumped a force of cum in to his ass. Kevin sighed, panting and welcomed every throbbing squirt in to his ass, slowing down and leaning down to kiss Mark. Mark clutched his head kissing him deeply as they moaned tongue kissing.

Mark's cock popped from Kevin's ass like a loose fire hose, still splashing with 

Cum as Mark tensed every time he pumped out cum all over the floor, feeling every reserved day release from their embrace. Mark lie limp as Kevin lifted both Mark's legs over his head. They met eyes, Mark was too weak to resist, Kevin slid in to him, and pumped him hard. Mark submitted, grunting aloud and moaning. He braced the barbells with all his might as Kevin pounded him again and again, thrusting with passion and finally pulling out.

Kevin sighed grunting aloud and jerked himself off, finally cumming all over Mark's bare chest. He panted sharply, grunting loudly as Mark weakly rubbed his taut biceps, welcoming the geyser. Mark stood up making out with Kevin and bent him over, dominating him from behind and leaned him over the barbells. Kevin smirked watching as Mark slid in to him, hard once again, and pounded on him fast and rough like a jack hammer. Kevin's cries echoed throughout the basement, as Mark drilled him relentlessly and clutched Kevin tightly against his body as he gave a forceful cum in to him. Kevin enjoyed feeling the cum pulse in to his ass as they embraced kissing and making out passionately, their sweat dripping along the floor.

Mark stood back carrying Kevin to the bed and dropped him down kneeling in front of him and jerked him off. Kevin leaned back panting and cried out as Mark jerked him off furiously, tugging at his balls. They slid in to the covers making out and fucking hard and fast, switching back and forth that afternoon, as the house filled with the sounds of their moans and lovemaking as the pair ensured Mark's jealousy for hours. That late afternoon Kevin collected his check and parted ways with Mark, leaving upon him a most impressive calling card that left Mark more satisfied than he'd ever been before. Gina fired Kevin after he revealed his sexual orientation, and she soon parted with Mark.

After Gina and Mark split up, Mark signed on for personal training sessions every week in the foreseeable future with Kevin, garnering a lifelong work out partner, and definite fringe benefit for Kevin's hard work. Gina was always oblivious to their rendezvous', and moved on to someone she didn't feud with. Meanwhile, Kevin and Mark were closer than ever during their heated private sessions, as Kevin returned every time, and guaranteed Mark was a very happy customer.