 INTRODUCTION

Larry Hastings was a sophomore in a southern California college. He was 20 years old and a real hunk. He usually had no trouble getting dates as the girls were attracted to his 6'2" and 190 pound body. He had light brown hair and hazel eyes. He was also very well endowed and word had gotten around about his 8" long and 5+" around cock. In spite of his good looks and reputation as a good lover, Larry, like any other guy had his share of rejections.

On more than one occasion when he was horny he struck out and went back to the dorm with achy nuts. He heard that some of the students would go to an adult video store to get their pipes cleaned. The store was near campus and gays were always hanging around hoping to get a taste of young college cock. Larry had never been there but one night he decided to try it. 

The routine was fairly straight forward. Get some tokens, go into a video booth and watch a porn movie. Within minutes fingers would come through a glory hole and beckon him to stick his cock through the hole. Some anonymous gay on the other side would suck Larry's cock until he came. The first time he had been nervous but he soon got used to it and liked getting blow jobs. From that first time, Larry would occasionally stop by to get his cock sucked when he didn't get laid. 

THE ENCOUNTER

One evening Larry entered the video store and he went through his normal routine. He looked around at first checking out some of the material before buying any tokens. He was about to purchase some tokens when he was approached by a handsome young man. On second glance Larry decided that the young man was pretty rather that handsome. 

"Don't buy any tokens. Come watch a movie with me," the pretty blonde surfer type whispered.

Larry didn't know what to say and he just stared at the guy. "It's okay I've sucked your cock before. You have a great cock and I want to suck it again," the guy told Larry.

Before that night Larry never knew the person who had sucked his cock through the glory hole. As Larry stared at the gay young man he felt his cock tingle in his pants. He liked the looks of him and decided that he would let him suck his cock. "Follow me," the blonde told him. Larry followed the guy to a cubicle that read, Viewing Room, on the door. As he walked behind the blonde, Larry checked him out. He guessed the gay guy to be about 5'6" tall and weigh no more than 150 pounds. Larry also noticed that the guy showed a very shapely ass framed in tight fitting khaki pants. 

Once in the cubicle the blonde locked the door. Larry turned his back to the door and faced his companion. Without a word the guy dropped to his knees in front of Larry. He unbuckled Larry's belt and unfastened Larry's pants. He pushed Larry's pants down to his knees and then stroked Larry's erect cock through his underwear. The guy stroked Larry's bare thighs and took his time before he finally lowered Larry's underwear. Larry's hard cock leaped out as his underwear was lowered to his knees. The guy took Larry's cock in his hand and stroked it gently.

"You really have a nice cock. It's just as I remember it," he whispered.

Then the stranger lowered his mouth onto Larry's cock and proceeded to suck it. Larry was so charged that he knew that he would cum in minutes. The guy was an expert cocksucker and he held tightly to Larry's muscular buttocks as his head bobbed up and down. Larry put his hand on the guy's head as a signal that he was close.

"I'm really close. I'm going to cum," Larry whispered.

Larry's partner was not deterred and he continued to suck on Larry's throbbing cock. Then he stroked Larry's perineum and fondled his balls sending Larry over the edge. Larry shot streams of cum into the guy's mouth and the guy kept his mouth glued to Larry's cock. He sucked Larry dry and Larry stayed hard as every drop of semen was drained from his cock.

The guy stood up and smiled at Larry and noticed that Larry still had his clothes around his knees and was still hard. "Would you like to fuck me now?" the guy asked in a whisper.

"I've never fucked a guy before," Larry replied nervously.

"It's easy. Have you ever fucked a girl in the ass?

"Yes."

"Well it's the same thing. I promise you that you will like it. By the way my name is Kelvin," the pretty blonde said.

Larry just nodded affirmatively and the guy turned his back to Larry. Larry watched as Kelvin lowered his pants and underwear revealing a very curvy ass, just the type that Larry loved to fuck except this time it was a guy. Kelvin reached back and placed some lube in his ass and then he handed the tube to Larry.

"Put plenty of that on your dick. I'm going to need it to be real slick to take your cock in my ass," he whispered. 

Larry lubed his cock thoroughly and then he was ready to fuck his first guy. Kelvin leaned forward, put his hands on the wall and pushed his ass toward Larry. The way his ass was arched emphasized the curvy shape of it and Larry felt that familiar tingle in his loins. Larry stepped up closer to Kelvin and then eased his cock into the tight anus. The fit was snug and Larry took his time feeding his cock into Kelvin's ass. Larry would push in a little and then back out some each time going a little deeper.

"Oh man, oh man, oh, oh," Kelvin whispered as Larry continued to feed him more cock.

Soon Larry was balls deep in Kelvin's asshole and he began to fuck him. Larry began slowly but then picked up the pace. He was sliding his cock almost all the way out and plunging it all the way back in. Kelvin grunted with every thrust and urged Larry to fuck him hard and deep. Larry was really into it now and his orgasm snuck up on him. All of a sudden he felt that familiar surge in his scrotum and he blasted a huge load into his new lover's ass. Larry shoved his cock all the way in and held it there as streams of cum filled Kelvin's rectum. Larry realized that Kelvin was jerking himself off and when he ejaculated his anal muscles tightened around Larry's shaft. Larry looked over his partner's shoulder and watched as streams of cum shot out and splashed against the wall. Larry took note of Kelvin's cock and guessed it to be an average 5-6 inches. Larry stayed in Kelvin's ass until his cock softened and slipped out by itself. 

Larry pulled up his underwear and pants as Kelvin cleaned up the best he could. Kelvin wiped his ass with a hanky and then pulled his clothes back up. He turned back to Larry and spoke. "You know you should really think about going into porn. You cum in buckets and you have a big dick."

"I never thought about it," Larry admitted but then he thought about the movies he watched and compared himself to the porn actors.

"You could earn a lot of money to help pay for college. If you are interested give me a call. I know a good guy to get you in the business," Kelvin said and he handed Larry a note with his phone number.

The two of them left the viewing booth one at a time and Larry headed straight out the front door of the store. As always he made no eye contact with anyone in the video store. Larry headed back to campus and crashed in his dorm room. He thought about what happened and he actually got erect thinking about Kelvin. He had gotten a first class blow job but the best part was that he fucked a very shapely ass. Larry then remembered Kelvin's offer and he made a point to call him the next day.

THE INTERVIEW

Larry called Kelvin and they made plans to visit the porn movie producer on Saturday. Kelvin picked up Larry at the campus and then they drove across town. Kelvin parked the car in front of an old warehouse building. Larry looked at the warehouse building and he would never have suspected that it housed a porn studio. He and Kelvin got out of the car and approached the building. They stopped at the security gate and Kelvin identified himself through a speaker. The gate swung open and they walked inside. Larry was as nervous as he had ever been in his life about anything. One inside the building they took an elevator to the third floor. When Larry stepped off the elevator he felt as he had just entered a different world. They were in the lobby of the studio and there were posters everywhere advertising different movies. They walked to the door and once again Kelvin identified himself and a buzzer sounded. Kelvin pushed the door open and Larry followed him inside to reception area.

Larry looked around at the movie posters and noticed that they were much more revealing than those in the lobby. Guys were showing hard in some of the posters but Larry noticed that none of the actor's cocks looked any bigger than his. All of a sudden he felt at ease. Just then a good looking middle aged man entered the reception area and greeted them.

"Kelvin, how the hell have you been? Is this the young man you told me about?" the man addressed Kelvin and then stuck his hand out to Larry, "Mitch Skinner, pleased to meet you."

"Larry," Larry said shaking the man's hand.

"It's good to see you Mitchell," Kelvin replied.

"Always so formal hey Kelvin, Larry you can call me Mitch. Come on let's go to my office."

"So kid, Kelvin tells me that you are thinking about getting into porn?"

"Kind of, I mean we talked about it." Larry replied sheepishly and added, "I was hoping to do it with girls."

"Breaking into this business, especially the heterosexual arena is brutal. These days you almost have to start with gay porn and work your way into other areas," Mitch told him.

"I only make gay porn movies. My wife wouldn't let me be around those hot babes anyway. I'll show you a clip of a few guys who stared in gay porn and now they only do straight sex movies," Mitch told Larry.

Larry watched as Mitch popped a video in the player. The first guy was ripped with a large cock and he fucked a hot looking blonde guy with an incredible ass in workout room. Another video showed another ripped guy fucking another hot blonde with a great ass over a pool table. In the third video a guy was fucking a guy in a horse stable.

"These guys are what we call Tops in the business. They don't suck cock and they don't take it in the ass. They only get their cocks sucked and fuck other guys. Does that type of role appeal to you?"

"Yeah, I guess so, sure," Larry replied.

"Well according to Kelvin you have all the physical tools. Are you up for auditioning today?"

"Yes I think so," Larry answered shyly.

"Good I have everything set up. You will work with one of our stars, Randy Bottom. That is his stage name, not his real name. He's married and his wife does porn too but for another studio. Sometimes they do bisexual scenes together. If his ass doesn't get you hard, it will be a short audition. I'll lay the deal out for you and then you can decide if you want to go through with it. Okay?" 

"Okay!"

"Good, here's the deal. We will film you today and if you sign a contract with us, you will be paid for today. If we have a deal you will be paid $100 and hour to start. The contract will have incentives in it and if you become very popular will have the opportunity to re-negotiate a new contract. I assume that you don't have a lawyer or an agent, do you want Kelvin to be your agent?"

"Yeah that would be great! Is that okay Kelvin? Would you be my agent?" Larry asked excitedly.

"Absolutely, I would love to be your agent and help you out," Kelvin accepted.

"Okay then first I need you to sign this. It states that the film we shoot today is our property and that we have the right to use it even if you do not sign with us," Mitch said pushing the paper in front of Larry. 

Larry looked at Kelvin and Kelvin nodded that it was okay to sign it. "Great now let's go into the studio and I'll introduce you to some people," Mitch told them.

The three of them went through another door into the studio. Mitch introduced Kelvin and Larry to the film crew and the Director. Then Larry met Randy Bottom. Randy was drop-dead gorgeous and he had the best looking ass Larry had ever seen. Larry couldn't wait to see Randy's ass naked. Larry felt that familiar surge in his loins and he knew that he would have no trouble getting hard for Randy.

Then the Director took over, "Okay here's the scene. We are doing a series on college roommates so Randy you will be naked in bed in the dorm room when Larry returns from class and enters the room. I will coax you both through some lines but feel free to ad lib. Understood?"

Larry and Randy nodded in agreement. "Good and Larry, since this is your first shooting I will keep the interruptions to a minimum. Ignore the lights and camera and try to be natural. Okay let's get going."

Randy took off his clothes and laid down face down on the bed naked. His fabulous bubble butt stuck in the air as if it begged to be fucked. Then Larry watched as one of the assistants put on a rubber glove and then lubricated Randy's asshole. Larry felt his cock harden in his pants as he watched the assistant take his time fingering Randy's asshole.

"Ready action," the Director called out.

Larry walked in to the make shift dorm room and smiled as he spotted Randy naked on the bed. "You look comfortable," Larry said.

"How was class today?" Randy asked.

"Oh you know boring as always. What are you up to?" Larry asked in reply.

"Just laying here thinking about your big cock. Come on over here," Randy said in a sultry tone. 

Larry walked over to Randy and stood in front of him and smiled again. Randy propped himself up on his elbows and reached for Larry's zipper. Randy unzipped Larry's fly, unbuckled his belt, unfastened his pants and then pushed them down to Larry's knees. Larry was as hard as a rock in his underwear and his cock leaped out when Randy pushed Larry's briefs down to his knees. Then Randy hummed as he placed his mouth on Larry's cock. 

"He does have a great cock. He's long and thick but not too big. You were right Kelvin," Mitch whispered.

"Yes he does I can't wait until he sticks it in Randy's ass," Kelvin whispered in reply.

"Okay Larry now move away from Randy and get rid of your clothes. Then get behind him and fuck him. Remember that we want the cum-shot so when you're close pull out and shoot on his body," the Director said coaching Larry.

Larry was a natural and he was not distracted by the camera crew, the lights or the number of people watching. Larry knelt behind Randy and pulled Randy up by his hips so that Randy's ass was on a level with Larry's cock. Larry then eased his long thick cock into Randy's snug asshole. Randy sighed as the impressive cock wormed its way into his rectum and he dropped his head to the mattress and turned it toward the camera. Randy had a dreamy look on his face as Larry fucked him slowly. Larry caressed Randy's perfect round ass as he watched his cock slide in and out of Randy's anus. The camera crew moved around getting different views of the anal intercourse but Larry was undeterred and he focused on fucking Randy's hot ass.

"Oh that's just what I needed today, a big cock in my ass," Randy cooed.

"I love fucking your ass and I was thinking about it in class all day," Larry adlibbed.

Larry felt his balls tighten and he knew he was really close. "I'm going to cum," he announced.

"Oh good cum all over me," Randy replied almost as a reminder for Larry to pull out for the cum-shot.

Larry pulled his cock from Randy's asshole not a moment to soon just as the first stream spewed from Larry's cock. The force and the volume was so intense that cum hit Randy in the back of his head and soaked his hair. The second and third streams of cum landed on Randy's neck and shoulders. Then the fourth and fifth streams landed on the small of Randy's back with the sixth and seventh shots landing on Randy's buttocks. Everyone except Kelvin was in awe of Larry's ejaculation. Larry then wiped his cock on Randy's buttocks and ran it between the cheeks of Randy's ass. To everyone's amazement Larry stayed rock hard and then stuck his cock back in Randy's asshole pushing some semen with it.

"I'm going to fuck you again," Larry said adlibbing and taking charge.

"Oh good," Randy replied going along with Larry.

Randy fell forward on the mattress in a prone position with his legs spread wide. Larry followed Randy to the mattress keeping his cock buried in Randy's ass. Larry kept his weight off of Randy by putting his hands on either side of Randy's body just as he had done with girls that he fucked. Larry drilled Randy's ass as the camera zoomed in for a close up. Each time Larry pulled out and then thrust back in, Randy's ass cheeks jiggled. It was one hot scene and Kelvin could only think about getting Larry to fuck him again. 

Larry felt his orgasm building again and this time when he pulled out he aimed his cock right at Randy's asshole. Everyone watched in amazement as Larry ejaculated with as much force and volume as he did the first time. Randy felt cum shoot on his anus and land on his buttocks. It was one hot scene as cum stream after cum stream hit Randy's asshole and covered his buns. Larry then pushed his cock back into Randy's asshole pushing cum into Randy's rectum. Randy wiggled his ass as Larry pushed his seed into Randy's ass. 

"Oh God, I have to cum!" announced Randy.

Larry removed his cock from Randy's ass to allow Randy to roll over. Randy grabbed his erect 7" cock and jerked it furiously in search of his release. Larry instinctively rubbed Randy's balls. Randy grunted and cum flew out of his cock and landed on his chest and abs. Randy continued to jerk his cock until the remaining cum trickled over his pubes.

"Cut," the Director screamed, "That was fucking fantastic! Mitch you have got to sign this kid to a contract."

"Consider it done. What about it kid, ready to sign?" Mitch addressed Larry.

"Yeah I'm ready, this was great, better than I ever imagined!" Larry replied enthusiastically. 

"What are you taking Larry to make you cum like that?" Randy asked.

"Nothing it just happens," Larry shyly admitted.

"Well you are truly gifted and certainly cut out for this business," Randy told him and then added, "I'll look forward to working with you again. My wife will enjoy meeting you and maybe we will do a bi scene together someday."

Then the Director announced, "The scenes we just shot are definite keepers for the new series College Roommates."

Then Mitch spoke, "Larry that was so good that we will pay you for today. Can you begin next week? We will use you in the rest of this series. We will work with your class schedule at college."

"Sure I can start next week," Larry accepted.

"Great let's get the paperwork taken care of and we will see you on next week," Mitch said and then added, "Kid when other producers see you on film they will be knocking at your door. It won't be long before you're doing straight movies but for now you're my property."

Mitch, Kelvin and Larry worked out all the details of the contract. Mitch knew that he had a new star on his hands and he upped Larry's hourly rate to $150. He also put in a bonus if they finished a shoot ahead of schedule. Larry was thrilled. Larry and Kelvin then left the studio and Larry thanked Kelvin over and over for introducing him to Mitch. Kelvin had Larry over to his apartment before taking him back to campus. In appreciation, Larry fucked Kelvin thoroughly that afternoon.

LARRY BECOMES AN INSTANT STAR

Larry's porn career was well on its way. He had completed his first week of filming at the porn studio and the production manager was pleased with Larry's performance. Larry loved working with Randy and he never tired of fucking Randy's beautiful bubble butt. Larry had so much stamina that they completed the first release of the College Roommates in record time. Larry had also learned that the rest of the staff was married and straight. It was just a business to them and they were not into the gay scene at all. Mitch Skinner had called Larry into the office on Thursday to speak with him.
