 Author's Note:

This story is a pure work of fiction and has no resemblance to any person alive or dead. All characters are above legal age of consent.

*****

One of the most constant source of amazement in my life is how a mere thought can take hold of a person and grow into a full time obsession. This happened for me and it had led me, an otherwise straight, to become obsessed with idea of sucking a beautiful cock and swallowing its cum. I phrase that obsession carefully, referring specifically to the cock and its cum, not to the man attached to that cock. 

My need to wrap my lips around my friend Luke's penis, suck out and swallow his juice started long ago under circumstances which I don't fully recall. I do remember he knew the girl who owned the local adult toy store. How we got onto the subject I don't know but she wanted to do a three way and Luke asked if I would be the third. When I agreed, he didn't take long to get it set and let me know the time in the store. 

Although I was nervous - I had never cheated on my girlfriend - this girl turned out to be very desirable so we got to work in the bedroom of her apartment in the back of the store. What I particularly remember is she was lying on her stomach on the bed near the side, I was lying behind her, my cock impaled in her pussy, while watching Luke, kneeling at the side of the bed, feed his impressive cock into her willing mouth. The main takeaway - I wanted to be the one sucking that cock. 

That's the extent of my memory of this first sighting of what was to become my oral desire. I m Connor, a guy in his mid twenties, I am a muscular built hunk so was my friend Luke, but he was owner of a beautiful big cut cock which now became a major part of my fantasy. Luke is also a well built guy in his late twenties, he has been one of my best buddies since high school, his physical appearance did nothing for me, but I got hard looking at his dick and imagining touching it.

It started out with us having a threesome with Luke's another girlfriend. She was a beauty, slim, very shapely and with big breasts. I had always had the hots for her and little did I know then, she felt the same way about me. The idea of her being part of a threesome was very exciting. But again on that night, I found I got more excited watching her suck his cock while I was fucking her from behind, or more likely as I now realize, watching his cock being sucked. Even though I had seen his cock before, I was still amazed at how big and fat it was.

Without realizing it at the time, I leaned forward and rested on her back so I could enjoy watching a close-up of his cock cycling in and out of her mouth. She wouldn't take it deep and I realized I was disappointed for him.

We changed positions and she got on top of him, wanking his cock with her pussy while I sat and looked. That was such an incredible sight! To be a close-up witness to two people having sex was an incredible experience. 

I kneeled at their side first, watching her large, firm breasts swing and bounce about on his chest as she rode her stallion. Then moved around to see the penetration. It was mesmerising. She slid up and down his long, wet and shiny pole, taking it down to his bouncing balls and back to the tip. Such long strokes! How she took such a monster so easily amazed me but she was clearly enjoying it. Her lovely legs were spread wide giving me a good view of the action along with her rosebud. I wanted to give her some pleasure and hoped she would enjoy a good rimming - I knew I would enjoy doing it. So I went to town on her brownie and buried my face in her wet cheeks. In hindsight, that may have been an excuse to get close to his cock.

As the fucking continued, I licked down to her pussy which was soaking wet and delicious. My tongue and lips continued to his cock so I was licking her juice off it. What a combination! Then at some point, I don't remember if his cock came out or I pulled it out but, his cock ended up in my mouth. That didn't last long and it went back in her. 

But I'd got his cock in my mouth and tasted it and that changed everything for me. They changed positions and he got on top, missionary style and I just sat back and watched. He pumped away and came deep inside her. She lay there, legs open, pussy sopping wet and looking so beautiful and desirable. She had not cum and I had gone soft so I went down on her to bring her off. Of course, I sucked out all his cum which didn't seem to bother any of us. Luke just sat in a chair and watched. I'm sure he knew I was getting all his cum out. 

From then on, I became obsessed with his cock and cum. I knew that I just wanted to suck his juice into my mouth, have him use my mouth for his pleasure, get his cock in my mouth, to be his submissive cum dump, not just ready whenever he wanted release, but all the time. The need for the taste and feel of his jizz being pumped into my mouth became central in my life. Being there to take his load was the reason for my being. 

Whether making love to my own girlfriend or stroking my dick, it was the thought of Luke's cock in my mouth that got me off. That's where my journey as Luke's cum-slut began, those few moments have having his cock buried in my mouth was the commencement of my need to feel that beautiful flesh sliding between my lips and savour the feeling of it depositing its load on my tongue. 

On one afternoon, Luke invited me to his house to watch a football game together. This is my first meeting with him since the incident where I sucked his cock. To say I was bit apprehensive and nervous, would be a big understatement. I had no idea about how we are gonna discuss that topic. Initial awkwardness was definitely there in our conversation even though our chat was strictly limited towards the game. I was again at his house although not for a three-some

We were sitting together on the couch when he brought up the subject of me sucking his dick and then eating his cum from her pussy.

"I was surprised to feel you sucking my dick the other night. I was enjoying the feeling of your mouth and fingers around it and then I felt your fingers pull it out on the back stroke. Suddenly, it was in your mouth. I didn't know what had happened at first. That was wild - out of her pussy and into your mouth! Don't look embarrassed - I enjoyed it. I was spoiled for choice - pussy or mouth. And then you went down on her after I'd shot my wad. I must admit, it grossed me out at first. You really got stuck in there. I hope you enjoyed it - she did." 

"Did she say anything about it?" 

"No. I don't know if she knew my dick was in your mouth but she sure knew you sucked my load out. Never said anything though." 

"I couldn't resist it. Your cock looked so tasty all covered in her goo. I licked your cock as it slid in and out, enjoying the feel and flavor. Then I decided I wanted know what you cock would feel like in my mouth and the urge overtook me. As soon as I could, I pulled it to my mouth. Then after you had cum in her and her pussy was wide open and dripping, I had to try that too." 

I was still feeling embarrassed. I didn't want to confess how much I enjoyed it but he didn't make me go there. The memory and his closeness made the occasion so vivid and immediate, I felt my dick rising with excitement, almost reliving the experience. 

"How did it taste?" Luke broke the silence timidly. I could feel his awkwardness. The taste was right in my mind - along with the smell and the feeling. This was getting crazy and my dick responded accordingly. I didn't want to admit it was about the best thing I ever tasted so I just said "Okay." 

"I got the impression you thought it was more than okay - you stayed there until she pushed you off." 

"Well, it was a whole new experience. I enjoyed it but I felt guilty - you know, it seems so gay." 

Then his expression changed - "want to try it again?" 

Like an idiot, I asked "What do you mean?" 

I knew exactly what he meant and I knew exactly what I wanted but was still very embarrassed. 

Then he moved a hand to his crotch and grabbed his package.

"Suck my dick again. You've got a bulge in your pants. I think you want to." 

My eyes had followed his hand and his eyes followed mine. The air was thick with anticipation. I was so conflicted. Would I or wouldn't I? Would he laugh at me or let me suck him again? The reality was we both wanted it but I wasn't sure just then. 

"Okay."

"Okay what?" 

Did I have to say it? 

"Get it out then." 

I made it sound like I was reluctant. Little did he know! 

"No. Tell me what you want. I want to hear you say it." 

This was so embarrassing! Why did I have so much difficulty putting it into words? 

"I want to suck your cock." I mumbled.

"Not sure I caught that." He smirked.

"I want to suck your cock."

"That's better. Here then, you can get it out if you want it." And he moved his hand and made room for me. 

He lifted his hips and I pulled his underpants down. Now he was exposed and it was a glorious sight. His cock stood out proud and two beautiful balls rested in their sack between his thighs. 

"Oh fuck, that's bigger than I remember it - a real live one-eyed monster" I was still embarrassed.

"Okay, it's all yours. Let me see you on your knees." 

Finally, I was going to get it again. I loved the feel of it in my hand. I never paid attention to handling my cock but now I again paid attention to his. It was first of all heavy. Soft, floppy, big and heavy. I was always amazed at just how heavy it was. As it grew, the strain was taken by the pressure of the blood pumped into it and it became lighter. That is until he smacked me with it. Part of his pleasure was to make sure we both knew just how big and intimidating it was. 

"You enjoying yourself down there?" He rested it on my face which gave me the opportunity to lick his balls. He looked down and told me it was bigger than my head. 

"Get sucking, you need the practice." He said as he guided it back to my mouth. I opened up to get it in and sucked it as deep as I could get it and held it there.

"Oh yeah, take it like a whore," he said and put his hands on my head to hold me there while he made quick pumping actions with his hips. 

It was now at its glorious full size and hardness. I loved feeling it grow. He released me and I started stroking him with my mouth and one hand on the part that didn't fit.

I grabbed his buns and stroked my head on his cock, taking in as much as I could and loving how big it was and how it stretched my jaw. The first problem was that each time it hit the back of my throat, I coughed and choked violently and had to spit him out. As soon as I recovered, I was back on it; I really wanted to get the whole length in and bury my face in his groin. The second problem was my jaw muscles started aching. My poor old jaw muscles would have to get a lot of exercise before I could comfortably spend as long as I wanted with his tool in my mouth.

I couldn't get it all in despite my best efforts and he didn't mind - he told me to suck on the tip, not the whole thing. Now I was able to rest my jaw and please him as he wanted. I expected he would want to bury his cock down my throat but this was all new territory to me and while I was anxious to please, I was inexperienced. He must have been enjoying what I was doing because he grabbed my head and started fucking my face. 

"Oh fuck, here it comes"

Sticky, clumpy, stringy, tasty cum oozed out slowly from the pee hole. I loved licking and sucking this cum as it leaked out of his shaft. I'd squeeze the base of his softening cock and draw my hand up and I could almost see this juice run out of the end of his cock. I could enjoyed the taste by licking around inside his foreskin and the view of the cum leaking out of the wrinkly foreskin by squeezing it. Naturally, the cum that got squeezed out wasn't wasted - into my slut mouth it went.