 I flopped over, the bedroom was stuffy...I looked out the door and Sam hadn't moved...his load still shined in the light from the window over the futon. Rob had tossed off the blanket. I slid outta bed and opened the curtains on my bedroom window, opening it to the night air...and light. Sam turned his face towards me as I lay back down and gave me a thumb up.

I felt the buzz in my body...Rob shifted and they chuckled for some reason. I fell asleep. My achy cock jumped on my belly and I woke up my favorite way...horny and oozing. I cupped my balls and my warm ass crack was slightly lubed from damp sweat. I saw the clock; only 45 minutes had passed since I opened the window. I looked over at the futon. Sam had his back to me; laying on his side...his ass was perfect and he glowed kinda blue in the street lamplight. I didn't see Rob, his blanket was pushed off the foot of the futon...then I saw movement on Sam's calf...Rob's dark pink sole and toes twitched there on Sam's still calf. There were spooned...Rob the little spoon was hidden from me by Sam.

I could hear Rob murmuring to Sam. I couldn't make out any words...but Sam was captivated as he didn't move...I rolled my balls in my hand and brought one knee up...I could rub the rings of my ass and push my cock back that way...Rob's foot shifted to pull on Sam's calf...their legs entwined a bit more...Sam's ass clenched a tad...Rob voice stopped for a while and I saw his elbow appear as he put one hand behind his back...Sam thrust into his hand and they shifted more together...

I kept pushing my cock away from my belly, pulsing my fingers on my taint and assring. Rob said something and Sam replied, I couldn't make out words, but Rob rolled over to face Sam. He drew Sam down off his side to lie mostly onto of him. The gently ground together...a rhythm that I matched. 

Rob's hand clasped Sam's waist and then cupped his muscly butt...I heard Sam groan. 

Rob's face suddenly appeared over Sam's shoulder. He flashed a pearly grin at me and Sam turned to look at me over his shoulder. He tilted his head and I let my cock lead me to the futon. 

I knelt on the foot of the futon...Rob pulled Sam by the hips and they ground harder together...Rob put one leg up over Sam's thigh...Sam groaned again...I let out a sigh...I could just make out their balls and Rob's ass when the humped apart...Sam leaned up on his elbows and drove down onto Rob's belly. Rob gasped and called out, "oh. Fuck...your cock is huge..." Sam chuckled deep in his throat. I spit on the head of my cock and smeared it down the shaft to my balls and ass... 

On his elbows...Sam's ass was perfectly arched and the strength there was so fucking hot...Rob put his other leg over Sam's thighs...and moved upward in a snake live roll...there were face to face...and Sam's cock was now poking under Rob's butt into the futon. I was just feet from them and saw it all...Rob kept his hands gripping and pulling on Sam's back and thighs...circling in on his butt...when he grabbed two handsful of Sam's glutes Sam threw his head back and growled.

I shifted around so I was laying 69 to them...I had a great view of their abs and cocks...could look down at my juicy dick and see their faces. Sam beat out a few sharp fast thrusts on Rob who thrust back with equal force and speed. Rob hitched his claves higher on Sam...they were almost on his hips now...he was wide open to Sam's thrusts. 

The matched speed and angle...Rob scraped Sam butt cheeks, earning another growl and speed up...

Rob looked at me, "Lube Sam's cock..."

I fumbled for the lube bottle and without Sam ceasing his humping thrusts I got a fat dribble of lube all over his cock and pube. The slurpy sounds fried my brain. The wet spot on the sheet was directly under Rob's ass...I was getting close... I was mouth breathing and my hand was flashing.

Rob shifted under Sam again...this time rolling back enough so that Sam's cock was rubbing on Rob's ass crack full on...Sam pushed up and held Rob's pec for balance and he slapped his pube harder and harder on Rob's spread cheeks. 

Rob put a hand on Sam's neck and the other on his own knee. He looked at me, at my cock...I saw the gleam in his eye and the way his swallowed...I had to turn around or I was gonna feed him my dripping dick head...

Rob moaned..."Paul...Paul...come on us...set us off..."

Sam growled again and held my eye..."Fuck. Fuuuuck...this is so hot..."

Rob pulled Sam's leg closest to me up...I had a straight line from my dick head to their joined crotches...I slid a finger home and yelped. I shot my first string right on Sam's asshole and balls. He jumped deeper into Rob's outspread legs. I came again and again...I bumped my head on Rob's shoulder. He lifted Sam of the bed with his orgasm...Sam knelt back and with no hands fired a load that hit my forehead and pecs...the rest flooded Rob's asscrack.

Sam fell on top of us...in a sticky threeway hug. Rob was still clenching in waves under Sam. Sam was up on one elbow to wipe his brow. Rob lunged upward and snagged him in a deep kiss. It sent aftershocks thru us all. 

When I finally caught my breath we were still sweaty and sticky. Sam made occasional humps against Rob who moaned each time. 

I draped on arm over Sam's lower back, "Best. Porn. Ever." We all laughed. "Guys if I were single..." They nodded.

I started to get up...Sam hooked my waist, "Puppy pile?" He looked at me from under his eyebrow. I melted when Rob put one hand on the back of my neck. I collapsed. We fell asleep each of us half on top of Rob. We slept until my alarm went off in the next room. 

Three hardons and three grins; Rob got up to piss...when he started the shower I dashed after him...Sam was right there...we laughed and carried on...playing grab ass and smacking boners. The smell of coffee from my automatic drew us into the kitchen. Halfway thru our coffees, Rob gave us his devilish grin and opened the door to the back steps...he spat on his cock and drank in the sun as he slow stroked, showing off...we all sat in the sun, coffee forgot and in a rush, shot our loads all over each other's crotches. Back in the shower Sam wrapped us both in an awkward hug and mumbled, "Thanks."

We dressed hurriedly, we all had to work. 

I jacked off again before lunch. I met our friend, Wilson for lunch. Lust twisted in my belly again...I invited him over for 'boys night' this coming weekend. I texted Sam and Rob about it...they both sent winking emoji. 

Kevin called me at three...with a question that froze me in my tracks, "Have you ever wanted to break off with a gal...so you could be single...ya know...mess around?"

I was forced to admit to myself...and after a long chin scratching silence to Kevin too that that was right where I was...I committed to Kevin to have a real talk with him about this...Thursday. I called my gal...she was busy at work...we had plans for diner.

Over dinner we talked it out...it wasn't that there was anything wrong or missing...I just wanted more partners...I could tell she was disappointed...but she told me she wasn't surprised...she had been hinting at engagement she said, and I missed all the clues. She said, I think we should separate...talk in a couple weeks..."

It was over.

I was numbed and ignored everyone. Looking back, I didn't see her hints...maybe I was clueless; maybe she was too subtle...

I set it aside.