 Never in a million years! At least that's what I thought. But boy was I in for an eye opening and surprising experience!

I met a guy last year at the same building where I work. He was a nice guy and we soon became buddies and finally roommates. Jack is a very muscular and good looking man who has no trouble whatsoever attracting and bringing home women. Oddly enough I even found myself admiring his physique on more than one occasion, especially after he'd worked out and had a shower. He'd always saunter around nude for a few minutes before going to his bedroom and putting on his underwear. Jack and I became close friends but my place turned out to be too small for the two of us. So when the place next door went vacant Jack took advantage and moved in.

This was great because we were close enough to spent time together as we did when we lived together.

After a couple of months I started noticing Jack was bringing up the subject of bisexuality and gay sex quite often. I never gave it much thought though.

One night Jack, his date and I all went to a party at a resort clubhouse. We'd all been smoking some really good weed before the party and managed to get pretty drunk once we got there.

The three of us decided to head down to the sauna and maybe sweat out some our alcohol consumption.

Watching Jack and his date had giving me a hard on by the time we got to the sauna, and I was having a hard time concealing the fact. So, since it was just the three of us I slipped off my shorts and began stroking my stiff cock right there in front of Jack and his date. 

I came like a volcano, firing my hot cream all over the hot sauna rocks and the floor. I licked the cum off my hands and then slipped my shorts back on as if nothing had happened.

Not one word was said about what had just transpired.

Over the period of a week or two I began to jerk off more and more especially times when Jack would pop by. I'd go to the washroom and jerk off, loud enough for him to hear me and come to see what the noise was about. I'd leave the door open and have a porn flick playing and lay there in waiting. The moment I heard him close by I began jerking off. Jack would just watch me intently, he never did a thing.

Having a man, instead of a woman, watching my shaft get hard and waiting and wanting to see my hot cum pouring out was a super turn-on for me, but I must've been frustrating Jack.

Then one night dropped by. He opened the door, which I had left unlocked for him as usual, walked in and came into my bedroom. He pushed me back onto my bed. He tore off my shirt and tore open my pants in a powerful frenzy. I pretended to put up a fight, hoping that my fantasy would play out. With the same urgency in which he had me naked he took off his own clothes while holding me done at the same time. As soon as I saw the perpendicular prize he was packing my resistance was no more. 

I remembered his hard smooth body, how smooth and tight his ass was, and even his cock from when we lived together. But I'd never seen his 7 1/2" cut cock this close before. It was beautiful.

Once naked he tore what was left of my underwear off me, surprised that I was rock hard already. He quickly grabbed the base of my cock, leaned forward and began to lick my pee-hole and then sucked on my throbbing head.

I felt feelings and sensations I never knew existed. Then he took my balls into his mouth and sucked on them rolling them back and forth in his hot mouth. He slowly licked down from my balls and started circling my quivering ass. He kneaded the cheeks of my ass and spread then open wide. He teased my puckered hole, poking and probing my ass until finally shoving his tongue in deep. It felt so good, so hot and so nasty. I moaned out loud, calling his name.

He moved his hand and began stroking my cock, jerking me off and then started fingering my ass. I grabbed two handfuls of him and drew him onto the bed and closer to me. By this time we were both on fire and our passionate moans and groans filled the room. Jack pulled on my cock harder and faster, and shoved a few more fingers inside my aching ass while I eagerly parted my thighs for him. I was in heaven, feeling his sexy masculine body and his hard throbbing cock next to me was mind-blowing. I squeezed his firm globular buttocks and reveled in their hard softness. 

With my ass nice and loose now I was ready for what came next. Jack mounted me, placing my legs over his shoulders he had easy access to my poop chute. I curled my toes and bit my lower lips when I felt his hot cock pressing against my tight opening. With a few gentle shoves my asshole opened enough to allow his head to penetrate me. His cock felt so much bigger inside me, but I was so happy to finally have it where I'd fantasized about for so long. I cooed like a bitch while Jack slowly fed his throbbing meat into my asshole. I tried counting the inches as he slowly worked himself in. But he seemed to be even longer than he appeared. His cock filled my cavity nicely. He was hot and thick and long and he was inside my asshole! I pushed down from inside and gripped his cock tightly with my ass. He started to push and pull his cock slowly at first. But once he got going, oh my God, he was like a bull. Grunting and fiercely thrusting his cock, slapping and crushing his balls against me. 

All of a sudden he let out a huge grunt and said." I'm gonna cum.....I'm gonna pump you full of hot cuuuuuuummmmmmmmm.......!" And with he came like a geyser. I felt his cock expand and start to pulsate as my rectum filled with his hot sticky semen. At that moment I too felt my own load rising up through my balls. I raised my ass up higher and continued stroking my cock madly and with Jack blowing off inside me I shot my wad out onto my own face and chest. We climaxed together for a minute or two before Jack collapsed on top of me and we toppled on the bed together. As we lay there arm in arm Jack licked the cum off my face and then shared it with me in a kiss. We cuddled for a bit and then showered together.

Since that day Jack and I have savored each others bodies like fine wine, and even though we both love to screw women on occasion, we love the change that we have in each other. We have not yet even begun to unfold the mysteries of each others bodies yet. But every time we spend another night together we discover new feelings, experiences, sensations and variations that leave nothing to the imagination!