 Jeff Ketcham was quarterback of the college football team. In our football-oriented town, he was virtually worshiped for having led the team to the greatest number of victories in the last 22 years. 

Off the field, Jeff was well on his way to claiming the record for most cheerleaders fucked by a single player. He was widely admired for this feat, as well. My sister Susan was one of his recent conquests. She'd broken up with him at the beginning of the summer. Few of his admirers knew that his obsessive skirt chasing was just a cover. 

My brother Larry knew the truth. Although he was younger than Jeff, they were close friends. I was one of the only people who knew just how close they were and what they did when they were alone together. 

Our basement was unfinished. Larry's bedroom was the only completely enclosed space. There was a full bathroom - toilet, sink and shower, but the room's walls were bare studs. Nailed-up sheets provided a limited amount of privacy. The sheet over the door was sufficiently difficult to open and close that only the most modest guys bothered with it. 

Jeff wasn't modest. He had just finished pissing into the toilet bowl when he realized I was standing a few feet away, staring at him. 

"What are you looking at, twerp?" he growled as he shook the last few drops of urine from his penis and flushed the toilet.

Jeff was older than me and built like - duh - a football player, while I was a skinny high school kid. Still, I had the upper hand and it was time to let him know it. 

"I wanted to see the cock that fucked my sister," I answered. 

He turned to face me, still exposed. "Well, this is it," he said. "Are you happy now?"

"I expected it to be a lot bigger," I replied. "Susan has standards." His penis was actually quite large and impressive, even hanging limp outside his pants. It twitched a bit as I continued staring. 

"Susan knows how big it gets," he said. "I'll bet she misses it."

"I think she got tired of not knowing where else it had been," I answered. "Like up some boy's asshole."

"I ought to beat the shit out of you," Jeff snarled, clenching his fists and taking a step toward me. "You're a lying little faggot."

"'Faggot' is a mean thing to say," I countered, holding my ground, "especially considering how much you like to have Larry fuck your ass."

"Why would Larry tell you something crazy like that?" Jeff was lousy at bluffing. I knew I had him.

"It's just something that came out while Larry and I were having sex," I said. 

"So what do you want?" Jeff asked, although he already knew the answer.

"I want to start by sucking your cock," I answered, stepping forward and wrapping my hand around his penis. It stiffened as I touched it.

"You're just a kid," Jeff protested as I sank to my knees in front of him. "I can't do it with a . . ." Jeff stopped speaking as I wrapped my lips around his throbbing member. 

Jeff moaned with pleasure as I licked, sucked, stroked and caressed his cock and balls. After several minutes, he grabbed my head and began violently fucking my face. A few seconds later, he screamed and shot an immense load into my mouth. I swallowed frantically, but couldn't keep up with the volume. Finally spent, Jeff leaned back against the door frame with his eyes closed.

Jeff jumped when a voice said, "That was quite a performance." It was my brother Larry. I'd known he'd soon realize that Jeff had been gone too long for a simple piss. "What have you been doing with my friend, Ken?" he asked, catching my wink. "You sure look smug with Jeff's cum all over your face."

"Grab him, Jeff," Larry commanded. Jeff grabbed my arms. "Take him into my bedroom," Larry continued. "We'll teach him a lesson." I struggled, but I would have been no match for Larry and Jeff if I'd really wanted to get away. Within a few seconds, they'd dragged my into Larry's bedroom, pulled my pants down and bent me over the big overstuffed chair in the corner. 

Jeff's fly was still open and his erect penis was sticking out. He hastily greased his big hard cock and pressed it between my buttocks. I screamed as he thrust his stiff pole into my asshole and began fucking me violently. Larry yanked his zipper down, pulled his cock out and stuck it into my mouth to stifle my screams. I don't know if Jeff realized they were screams of pleasure. He continued plowing my butt with all his strength and speed. I had come as he entered me. I was now stroking my cock and rapidly climbing toward my second orgasm. I ejaculated as Larry came in my mouth. An instant later, I felt Jeff's hot cum splashing against my anal walls.

"That ought to teach him," Jeff said with satisfaction as he pulled his cock out of my ass and stepped away from my limp body. 

"Teach him what?" Larry asked. He was standing beside the chair with his stiff cock protruding from his blue jeans. "That a cock up his ass feels really good? He knows that. We've fucked each other a lot and he's a quick learner."

"You've been fucking him?" Jeff asked. 

"Sure," Larry answered. "He's the best lay I've ever had. I think it's time for you to teach him how your asshole feels."

Larry walked over to the bed, kicked his shoes off, and removed his jeans and shorts. He was still as hard as ever. 

"I don't know about getting fucked by a teenage kid," Jeff answered. He hadn't moved. His cock had softened slightly after his orgasm, but it was rapidly hardening again.

Larry pulled his shirt over his head and removed his socks. "Your loss," he said, rolling onto his back and gripping his ankles to elevate his butt. 

While Jeff had been staring at Larry, I'd gotten up off the chair and stripped naked. Now I grabbed the tube of lubricant and greased my stiff prick as I walked over to the bed. As Jeff watched wide-eyed, I pressed my cock head against Larry's asshole and slid my length smoothly up his butt. 

Jeff watched in fascination as I fucked Larry with long, smooth strokes. At first, he stood a few feet away, but he gradually moved to the foot of the bed, where he could see every detail of my dick gliding in and out of Larry's butthole. Jeff's stiff prick was sticking out of his pants. He began stroking it slowly.

"Oh God, you're a good fuck," Larry gasped. "Jeff, you really don't know what you're missing."

"You mean that little peter feels good inside your butt?" Jeff asked incredulously.

"His dick's not little," Larry answered. "And he really knows how to use it." He was telling the truth, and Jeff knew it. 

"OK, maybe I'll try it," Jeff said, impressed by the obvious pleasure Larry was experiencing.

I looked Jeff straight in the eye. "I don't think I want to fuck you," I said flatly. "You're too stuck up. Anyway, I've only got one shot left for awhile, and I want to fire it in Larry's ass." That was a lie. The week before, I'd come three times in under thirty minutes. I was so excited at being with Larry and Jeff that I was confident I could beat that record. 

"Please let me try your cock," Jeff said. "I'm sorry I was rude about your little peter."

"Little peter . . ." I echoed, glaring at Jeff.

"I'm sorry, it's not a little peter," Jeff conceded. "Please fuck my ass with your big dick."

"Well," I said reluctantly, "if it's OK with Larry . . ."

Larry had his eyes closed. He appeared to be lost in the sensations of me penetrating his ass. Now he opened his eyes and looked directly at Jeff. He said, "OK, but you really owe me for this. I know there'll be other times." Like in about fifteen minutes.

I pulled out of Larry's butt and he rolled off the bed. Jeff stripped quickly and got onto the bed on his back. I re-greased my cock and positioned myself between his legs. Jeff screamed as I thrust myself violently up his ass. "Little peter" indeed!

"Damn, you are big!" Jeff exclaimed. He was looking up at me with tears in his eyes.

"Too big for you?" I asked, pausing with my full length up Jeff's butt and my balls pressing against his ass cheeks. "Do you want me to stop?"

"Oh no!" Jeff answered quickly. "Just take it easy for a little bit . . . please."

So I was gentle until Jeff was ready for me to take him violently. I felt like I was breaking a wild horse. Soon I was hammering Jeff's ass with all my might as he rolled wildly under me. It was like riding a bucking bronco. 

I could feel I was getting close. Since I wasn't ready to shoot yet, I slowed down and lowered my body onto Jeff's torso. My face was inches above his. Jeff's eyes were closed and his mouth was partially open. When my lips brushed his, his eyes snapped open and he jerked his head away. "I don't kiss," he growled. "That's fag stuff."

I stopped thrusting and lifted my body away from his, breaking almost all physical contact between our bodies. My penis was still deep inside him. I said, "If you don't kiss me, I'll pull my cock out of your ass and go back to fucking Larry."

Jeff was silent for a long moment. I started to pull my penis out of his butt. "No! Wait!" Jeff gasped, lifting his face toward me. He pressed his lips against mine, first softly, then with desperate intensity. We opened our mouths and our tongues lashed fiercely against each other. I resumed my pelvic thrusts, going slow at first but rapidly increasing my speed and intensity. We continued kissing passionately until I had to break away to get the leverage to fuck Jeff the way he needed. And the way I needed.

I pounded Jeff's asshole, slapping my balls against his butt cheeks. He curled his hand around his stiff prick and began jerking it in time with my thrusts. A few seconds later, he screamed as he shot wave after wave of hot cum on his chest and belly. Larry was kneeling on the bed behind Jeff's head, beating his own meat. He came all over Jeff's face. Then my own cock exploded inside Jeff's asshole.

Spent, I collapsed onto Jeff, gasping for breath. I lay on his chest, feeling our hearts pounding together. Jeff lifted my head and guided my lips to his. We kissed for a long time. It was the most passionate and sincere kiss I'd experienced in my short life.

After we'd rested for a while, we all got up and washed ourselves off in the shower. Then we did a suck triangle, followed by more fucking. We took turns in the middle. This time, I shot my load in Larry's ass while Jeff was fucking my butt. 

After that, Jeff, Larry and I got together to fuck as often as possible. It was years before I found another man who was as good at kissing as Jeff.

* * * * * * * * * *

Copyright (c) 2003 by Ken James

All characters are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual people is coincidental.

This story depicts a world in which AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases are non-existent. In the real world, please practice safe sex.