 Sexual harassment is a trending topic these days, generally as it relates to men in positions of power harassing women. Not much is said about men in positions of power harassing other men. Whereas I don't expect to begin a #metoo movement centered around it, I thought I would tell my story.

I had been out of high school for a couple of years and - after working different retail jobs as I could find them - finally landed an internship at a corporate office. It wasn't much, just an entry level position, answering phones, setting up meetings, making copies... And bringing my boss his morning coffee.

His name was Chester McGovern and he was in his 70s and quite overweight, I have to say. He looked like he hadn't willingly exercised in a long, long time. The meals he had me bring him were the worst... Deep-fried doughnuts... fried chicken... cheesesteaks... He was a heart attack waiting to happen. He also always talked with his mouth full, so that pieces of food were flying out as he yelled, and boy did he yell a lot. Not at me, but at everyone else.

Everyday, I could hear him in his office, screaming on the phone. He was in a near-complete state of total panic concerning stock prices of the company. After a screaming session, he would typically call me into his office.

"Jay, get in here!"

I stood, smoothed out my shirt and pants, and went into his office. By that time, he had undone his belt buckle and pulled out his fat, hairy cock. I got down on my knees and put my lips around it. It hardened almost instantly in my mouth.

I did not look at him. He hated that. Sometimes he would even make more phone calls or busy himself with paperwork while I sucked. I could always tell when he was just about finished. His legs went rigid, and he placed a fat hand firmly on the back of my head so that I couldn't release it. Then he emptied himself in large gobs of cum, filling my cheeks and going down my throat. He pumped and pumped and pumped and I swallowed all of it.

Only then would he release me and I would stand, a bit wobbly on my feet.

He breathed heavy, zipping himself up, then dismissed me with his hands, reached for the phone and made another round of angry business calls.

It wasn't always like this, though. Truth was, I had never even thought about sucking a cock before I'd begun working there. How did it happen? Well, Mr. McGovern is what you could call... persistent. He just wouldn't take No for an answer.

It began with little things... compliments on how I was dressed... "Wow, Jay, you look like you work out!" Then he'd find excuses to touch me, putting a hand on my shoulder, brushing up against me... It soon became apparent what was going on.. my fat, gross boss was actually into me! Yuck! For him to think that a young man like me - less than half his age - would even consider him in that way was just beyond absurd! I mean, the fact that I was straight notwithstanding.

But he did not ease up. In fact, he became incrementally more aggressive. He'd put his meaty hand on my shoulder as he looked over a report I was working and leave it there, massaging me gently. He breathed heavier as he did this. He undressed me with his eyes. Told me I should start wearing more short-sleeved shirts around the office to show off my very muscular arms.

Over time, something changed for me... I went from feeling utterly disgusted by his aggressiveness, to kind of finding it amusing. I mean, it was amusing, right? I wasn't even gay, so there was like a zero percent chance of anything actually happening between us. But I liked the feeling of power it gave me over him. So I decided to have some fun with it.

I wore tighter pants around the office, and tight shirts, just like he wanted. He loved staring at my arms, and I let him stare. I bent down low to pick things up and knew he was watching me.

One day I came in with his office, delivered his coffee as usual with a smile, then went to leave. The door clicked shut. Locked.

"Uh... What's going on?" I said, trying the handle.

"Just a little safety precaution I had installed," he explained, standing up and walking toward me.

"What are you doing?"

"You know fucking well what I'm doing," he said. There was power in his voice, and a bit of anger. "You think it's fun to be a tease, huh?"

"No! I mean, what are you even talking about?" I tried to laugh, like this was just some sort of joke, but he wasn't having it.

"Shut up!" he growled, and stepped closer toward me so that he had backed me against the wall. With one hand he was feeling my arm and my bicep and the other hand was fumbling with my belt and zipper.

"Hey, you can't just..."

"Shut your mouth or I'll have you fired this very afternoon!" he yelled. "You don't get how this works here, Jay. You work for me and I'm the... I'm the..." His voice faltered. His fat fingers had found my cock. He held it in the palm of his hand. It grew larger as we both watched it until it was fully engorged. "Oh my God," he said, stroking it. "It's so big!"

"Mr... Mr. McGovern... I'm not gay, I'm..."

"If you're not gay, then why the fuck is it getting so hard, you fucking faggot?" he yelled.

"I don't know... I've never... I'm not..!"

He slapped me across the cheek. I had tears in my eyes. This couldn't be happening... this was a nightmare...

He stroked my cock as hard as he could, he didn't care how I felt about it. It didn't take long before I came all over the front of my pants.

I panted heavily, still crying.

"Pull your pants up and go clean up," he told me. He went back over to his desk, pressed his button and unlocked the do so that I could leave.

I should've quit. Anyone else would have, right? And not just quit, but sued him for every red cent he owned! This was quintessential sexual harassment! Forget harassment, this was fucking rape! He'd fucking raped me!

And yet... everytime I thought about it, my cock began to grow hard and stiff. I couldn't deny it... I'd enjoyed it.

The next morning I came in to work and brought him his coffee.

"Leave it on the desk," he'd said, not looking up from his paperwork.

"Y-yes sir," I said, and left. I half-expected the door to be locked... but it wasn't. I left easily enough.

All throughout the day, my mind raced... What was happening now? Was he embarrassed by what had happened, and was just trying to forget it happened? That must have been it. He'd just let things get out of control, and that was all there was to it.

Later that day, he buzzed me. "Get in here!"

"You wanted to see me?"

"Yes. Get over here and suck my cock," he said.

"What?"

"Don't make me say it again."

I gulped... Being touched by him was one thing... but putting his cock into my mouth? And yet, my feet stepped forward. I came and knelt down, breathing heavy. He took his cock out. It was moist and very hairy.

"What are you waiting for?" he wanted to know.

"Can't you..." I swallowed. "Can't you say something nice to me first?"

It sounded so stupid the way I said it... But I meant it.. He used to make me feel like I was so good-looking, so desirable... Now it was like he held me in complete derision.

He smiled, just a bit. He patted my head like he was petting a dog. "If you want me to be kind to you, you have to please me. Understand?" His smile vanished. "Now start sucking."

I nodded, licking my lips, leaning forward.

He was quite hard now, and it entered into my mouth. His meaty hands went around my head, as in a vice, and he thrust himself into me, again and again, so that it practically went down my throat. I was having trouble breathing... Not that he cared. He thrust and thrust and thrust until I could feel everything go completely rigid, his breathing stopped, and those hands on my skull squeezed so tightly I thought he'd cave my head it.

Then the cum came raging into my mouth and down my throat.

"Very good, very good, Jay," he said soothingly, stroking my head. "Now get back to work." I nodded and left.

There was still cum dripping down the corners of my mouth. I dabbed at it with my fingers and paused, I smelled it. Then I licked it up and swallowed.

I've been with the company for almost two years now, and my salary has skyrocketed. My advice for other young men in a similar position is, don't fight it, you may come to enjoy it. I know I did.