 I want to thank you for your kind comments on part 1 of Man in the Middle and I hope you enjoy the next installment. 

***************************

It was dusk and for awhile the only sound was that of the faint hum of the motor from the hot tub. Finally, Joe broke the quiet, "So, you enjoyed it."

It was hard to see in the waning light of day but Mike blushed, looked at Steve, then at Joe and said, "It was amazing. More exciting and satisfying than I imagined."

Steve said, "There is so much more than just what we've done here and when you stop and think about it, who knows a man's body and what makes a man feel good better than another man."

Mike said, "Yeah, that makes sense."

"In ancient Greece," continued Joe, "men were open to relationships with other men. It was for the friendship and the bonding that brought men together."

While Mike listened to Joe he was intrigued by what Steve had said. "What more could we do?"

Steve just smiled and Joe said, "Why don't we go inside."

The three men rose in unison, toweled off, and headed into the house with Joe leading the way. The three men made their way to Joe's bedroom where a king size bed dominated the room

The three men slid into bed with Mike once more in the middle. They got comfy when Joe and Steve leaned over Mike and kissed each other. Mike reached out and as the two kissed he caressed their backs. As they kissed Mike felt himself becoming erect again and when the men broke the kiss and Steve kissed Mike, his erection was at full attention. 

As Mike and Steve kissed Joe lazily reached down and began to fondle Mike's balls. He sighed softly and brought his hands around and down to his sides. Mike felt the two erections with the backs of his hands first and then he turned his hands over and took one man's cock in each hand. For a moment he felt like he was masturbating but then he realized that it was not his own cock that he was he was stroking but someone else's.

Within a couple of minutes Mike felt right at home gently stroking those two cocks. Joe and Steve laid back and let Mike play with them. Mike did all the things he enjoyed doing to himself to the two men. "Am I doing all right?" he asked.

Steve just sighed and Joe said, "Very good. Very, very good."

In a while all three men became busy stroking and caressing each other. The three men groaned with pleasure as soft caresses turned into firmer strokes. As they fondled each other they began to kiss. Soon Joe was kissing his way down Mike's body. He lost contact with Joes cock but as he and Steve kissed their strokes became more intense. 

Suddenly Mike felt something soft, wet, and warm swirling around his cock. He moaned into Steve's mouth as he realized that Joe was licking his cock. Steve finally broke the kiss and Mike turned to see Joe's cock about a foot away from his face. As he contemplated Joe's cock Mike felt Joe's mouth close around his cock. Mike moaned again and then rolled on his side away from Steve and about six inches from Joe's cock

He debated for a moment and then leaned in and took Joe's cock into his mouth. It tasted slightly salty and manly. As he sucked he swirled his tongue around Joe's cock. Both men were taking their time, licking, sucking, and swirling their tongues around each other. 

As Mike and Joe were locked in a blissful 69 Steve was busy caressing Mike's back. The two men spooned and Mike felt Steve's erection against his right cheek. Soon Steve broke contact with Mike but in a minute or two Steve was spreading Mike's cheeks and putting a generous dollop of KY into his anus. As Mike and Joe sucked each other Mike felt one of Steve's fingers slip inside his well lubed anus. He pushed back gently on the invader. 

As the two men orally pleased each other Steve was busy fucking Mike's ass. The feeling was amazing and then Mike felt Steve's finger slide out. He was disappointed but only for a moment. He felt his leg being lifted as Steve pressed his hips into Mike's ass. And then Mike felt it. Steve's erection was gently making its way into Mike's anus.

Mike froze for a moment as he wasn't sure if he wanted to experience this. It was one thing to be masturbated and then orally pleased by another man, but he wasn't sure about this. Steve just whispered, "Relax and push back a little. There is a first time for everything." 

Mike relaxed and he felt Steve's cock slowly inching its way in. Just when he thought he could take no more Steve stopped. He kissed Mike's ear and said, "I'm all the way in, so just enjoy." Mike went back to sucking and in a moment he felt Steve beginning to slide out, but then back in. In and out Steve's hips moved. 

The feeling in his ass and on his cock was fantastic. He never thought he could feel so good. The fears and inhibitions began to vanish. The three men found a nice rhythm and they moved toward climax. They started out slowly but then as they neared orgasm their pace quickened. 

Mike finally felt comfortable with it all. It felt right, good, and natural. He had a fleeting thought and that was what he would do when Joe came. Before he could even process it he simply thought "swallow." 

It did not take long for the men to move into overdrive. Hips moved, mouths sucked, and cocks plunged. The feeling grew in the tip of Mike's cock. He wanted to cum again but he also wanted his pleasure prolonged for as long as possible. As the men moved they caressed each other and moaned. Then Mike surrendered. It was that moment when you just stepped over. That split second as the orgasm began and the first spurt left your cock. It was exquisite. Then Mike gave in and he spurted. As he came he sucked harder on Joe and then he felt his friend's balls tighten and in a moment Mike has his first taste of cum. 

It was salty and sweet, rich and creamy. He swallowed and then he heard Steve moan and he felt Steve's cock twitch and contract sending one creamy spurt after another into his bowels. They gently floated back down to earth. Their breathing returned to normal and the three men just rested. Some where in another part of the house Mike heard the clock chime nine times. The evening was still young he thought and then like the others he drifted off into a grey sleep.