 I could tell I was bound at my wrists. I could tell I was on a bed with a pillow under my hips. I could feel the ball gag in my mouth.

"Good, you are awake. I was getting to the point I was going to start without you."

I felt the man get in bed with me and slide a very slick finger into my ass.

I felt my cock twitch. I did not want it to do anything, I was going to be raped.

The man inserted a second finger and my cock began to rise. 

The man took his fingers out and slowly slid a large plastic cock into me then began to kiss my body.

My cock rose faster. By the time the man replaced the dildo with his cock my cock was hard.

I had wanted to be fucked but had chickened out a every opportunity for years. I wondered if the man about to fuck me had been one of those I had walked away from.

The man lay down on me and sighed. He kissed my neck and shoulders. He began to fuck me slowly.

I had not felt either the pain or the burn that I expected. He was suddenly in to the balls. I could feel his balls kiss mine.

He took a long slow stroke. I decided not to show any pleasure. He took a second long stroke that ended with his cock at the entrance of my anus, stop, then slide back in.

I may have moaned.

He did it again without stopping and I groaned. He kissed my cheek.

His strokes became faster but he kept them long. I began to moan with his every stroke in.

I turned my head and tried to say, "Kiss."

He slowed and removed my gag then turned my head and kissed my lips. He resumed fucking me. Way too soon he groaned and I felt warmth inside of me but I could tell he wore a condom.

He did resume fucking me slowly until his cock slid out.

"Put it back in," I pleaded.

He did but soon it slipped back out.

"Kiss me," I said.

He slid alongside me and kissed me as if he was in love with me.

"Do I know you?" I asked. I was blindfolded.

"No, I don't think so. I do know you. I wanted you but never had the nerve to talk to you. Last night you got so drunk you needed to have somebody to take care of you. I pretended to be your friend and brought you up to my room.

I saw my one and only chance to have you and took it. I apologize for that. Well no, my fondest wish came true when I saw you enjoyed the experience.

I'm going to roll you over on your back."

The shackles on my wrist rotated and I was soon on my back. He pulled out the pillow under my ass them began to suck me off.

Kiss please, I said.

He kissed me with love, I ate that up. He resumed sucking my cock. I did not last long and soon filled his mouth with cum.

He kissed me. It was a long tongue filled kiss. There was no cum in his mouth before the kiss ended.

He cuddled to me with his hand caressing my cock. We kissed.

"I need to pee."

He released my wrists and led me to the pot. He stood behind me and aimed my cock. I loved the feel of his hand on my cock.

When done he placed himself in front of me, guided my hands to his cock and began to pee.

I loved the feel of his cock in my hands.

"Shower," he said and leaned to my right. I heard the water flowing and waited before saying, "One short step up."

I got in and was soon in his arms. We kissed.

He was smaller than me, I knew I could overpower him. "Maybe after the kiss," I thought.

Three kisses and one fingerfuck each he turned the shower off and he dried my body and I waited until he dried his. He sat me in a chair then began to make us coffee.

"What time is it?" I asked.

"Six AM. Do you have a plane to catch?"

"Yes but not until two. You?"

"Not until two."

I smiled, we had hours. We drank our coffee and talked about the conference then he stood and tried to help me up. I pushed his hand away and reached for his cock. I licked it before sliding it between my lips.

I had sucked cock before but that had been twelve years ago. I loved his cock in my mouth.

I wrapped my arms around his ass and swallowed. He moaned but managed to hold on. I slowed down.

I thought back to that time camping by a lake. We had fucked and sucked each other for three days then never again. I was happily married.

I loved a cock in my mouth.

He began to gasp and I increased my pace. He filled my mouth and collapsed on my lap. We kissed.

I still kept my blindfold on but now I was wondering why.

He got up and went to the mini-fridge then handed me an open coke. He sat on my lap again but that time he noted my cock was again on the rise.

We took some swigs from our cans then he stood me up and guided me to bed.

He put me on my back and after several moments straddled me. I felt him slide a condom on my cock. He placed his ass above my cock and slowly settled on me. He had lubricated his ass.

He leaned over and kissed me. I wrapped my arms around him and deepened the kiss. He began to fuck himself with my cock. He was enjoying the fuck but he suddenly wrapped his arms and legs around me and I was suddenly fucking him from behind. 

I felt him get on his knees and I held his hips as I fucked him harder. I heard him groan and slid my hand around to check on his cock, It was still out but I wrapped my hand around it and slowed the fuck.

"Kiss," I said by his ear. He turned his head and kissed me. I began taking stroke completely out of his ass then plunging back in. His cock began to show signs of life.

I began to go slower at each stroke then plunged back in hard. His cock became erect.

I began to pound his ass as I masturbated him. We had our cums simultaneously.

We collapsed on the bed and were cuddling as we went to sleep.

When I woke up I was alone in the room. There was no sign I had been "raped" and in fact there was no sign anyone had been in my room except me.

He had told me we were in his room but we had been in mine. I should have realized that.

I packed and dressed. As I descended in the elevator I wondered if leaving my blindfold on for the duration had been a good idea. I wanted him.

At the airport we had a delay and did not get to board until six. What would have been a three hour direct flight became a more than five hour flight with two stops.

Between two stops an older, dapper looking man came to my row and sat in the aisle seat. I was at the very back and wondered why he did that. We would be the last two off the plane. He covered himself with a blanket and closed his eyes.

We ignored each other until we were asked to put our seat belts on, there was rough weather ahead. He waited until the stewardess walked past us to buckle herself up the man moved to the seat next to me and whispered,"Kiss."

He had been my lover. 

I kissed him. He draped his blanket over us and pulled my head to his lap. His cock was exposed and erect. I gave him a blowjob.

We kissed.

He gave me a blowjob.

We kissed.

We exchanged cards. Our companies were rivals.

We didn't care.

I caressed his ass as we walked to the exit. We parted as strangers when we made it to the terminal.

But we knew where each other lived and we knew there was a fine motel between our homes.

When I got home my wife insisted on a fuck. I ate her pussy first until I had an erection then fucked her until she was fucked out and fell asleep.

I wondered if she would like a strap-on dildo.