 I've written in my other stories about my bisexuality as a 54yo male living in the southwest of England. This shorter piece was written for a female friend of mine, who I met in the Literotica forums. She loves reading about man-to-man sex and wanted to me to relate my most recent experience. I wrote this piece for her; it's all true, and she really got off on reading it. She told me she reached a messy climax and she later sent me a photo of her wet sticky fingers that she'd had in her pussy while reading it. That's the best feedback any author can wish for. Anyway, here's the story, it's much shorter than my other stories on here, but hopefully just as intense.

After my wife had left the house for work I drew a bath and spent time thoroughly cleaning myself inside and out. I'd arranged to spend the morning with James, a guy I met on the net earlier this year. We've met for sex twice and it was mind-blowing on both occasions. He's so easygoing and I relax so readily with him; I love having him use me. After exchanging texts I drove to James's house mid-morning as we both love morning sex. As arranged, he left his front door unlocked and I let myself in, called out a friendly "hello" to reassure him and scampered upstairs to find him naked in bed under the covers. 

I was so horny. I stripped, slipped into bed with him and we were all over each other. He smelt lovely having just bathed, and was rock hard and ready for me. James was the first guy I French kissed; it happened on our first date six months ago and our snogging has become very intense ever since. On this particular morning in his warm bed we spent ages kissing, cuddling and catching up, it was the most passionate encounter I've had with a guy and just as enjoyable as being with a woman. 

There is a big difference though; I enjoy being very sub with him and he gets so turned on at me being his little fucktoy. I think that's what I love most about being bisexual; with women I mostly like to take control, but with men I like to be more submissive. It's such a contrast in role and I feel so lucky to be able to have both. The foreplay with James went on for ages and we were working ourselves up ever so slowly to him fucking me, whispering to each other what we were looking forward to most once I'd have him inside me. I've never been so relaxed with a guy and spent ages on my side, my back towards him while he stroked his helmet against my hole and stuck his tongue in my ear and telling me what he wanted to do with me. 

By the time he eventually told me he wanted to fuck me I was putty in his hands. I love it when he manhandles me gently into position; he rolls me onto my back, pulls me to the edge of the bed and spreads my legs high in the air. Then he puts on a condom, smears Liquid Silk lube onto both of us, places my feet on his shoulders and guides his cock into me. This morning because of so much foreplay and the fact that I was gagging for him, he slipped in more easily than any previous penetration I've had. He held my feet in his hands and proceeded to fuck me beautifully. I've honestly never experienced anything quite like it and I love recounting it here. 

I had more confidence this time to tell him exactly what I wanted; I got him to slow right down and give me delicious long slow strokes, pulling almost all the way out, teasing me with his helmet, then very steadily entering me until he was balls deep. I'd reach down and play with his balls and feel his shaft with my fingertips as he withdrew. Then he'd take me by surprise and give me a few deep pounding strokes, our thighs slapping together in that lovely hard primal way.

I begged him to pull out so I could roll over onto all fours and have him take me from behind. He reluctantly agreed as he loves having me on my back so much, but he later admitted that I looked gorgeous offering him my small round bum, my anus gaping from his penetration and my balls hanging down between my thighs. He reamed me in this position for a while, but his bed is a little low for it to be comfortable for both of us; he stands at the bed-edge while he's fucking me, so the right height is important. 

After a few minutes of this we returned to me being on my back. It was a very intense sexual act for me, being used nicely but firmly by a very accomplished lover. We were both really vocal and communicative during our fucking, I'd tell him what I wanted him to do with his cock, he'd respond by telling me how it felt for him, and we'd talk dirty to each other, me begging him to fuck me and treat me as his cum slut. We got quite carried away and he had to quieten me a bit for fear we'd be heard by the neighbors. 

I lost track of time but we must have been fucking for about 30 minutes before we both began to tire, so we took time out to uncouple ourselves and lie back together for some more gentle lovemaking with our tongues. Once we'd got our energy back I rolled over onto my side and James entered me from behind in the spoons position. We tried it last time we were in bed and I found it slightly uncomfortable but not today, it felt very natural and having his warm body so close to mine was heaven, feeling his weight on me as he slid in and out. It was very intimate this way, and I couldn't believe how close I felt to him as he fucked me so perfectly. He clearly felt the same way, telling me it was a rarity for him to fuck in this position and so I wasn't too surprised when he warned me he was cumming inside me. 

Although he was wearing a condom I could very distinctly feel his release, its sudden warmth inside me. We lay together for ages as he softened slowly and slipped out. What did surprise me was his confession that he hadn't cum for a week, so we were both keen to see how much was in the teat after he'd pulled out. I've never seen a condom so full, and I felt quite moved that I'd been the cause of it. I now completely understand why the women I've fucked just love it when I ejaculate inside them, whether bareback or not.

This was the 3rd time we've been together and it was by far the best sex I've ever had with a guy. When I'm with a man I'm at my happiest when on my back, totally relaxed, my feet on his shoulders and feeling full of cock as his erection slides slickly in and out of me. I love seeing the look of wonderment on his face as he looks at his cock doing a disappearing act and also the sound of our groans and cries of pleasure. I'm always amazed at how warm a penis feels inside my rectum. I never imagined I'd enjoy being buggered so much, but I really feel quite slutty when I'm in that position. 

We cuddled up after our intense fucking session and talked about other things we'd like to try together. James wants to teach me how to ride him, and I want to master the art of riding a cock too. I love the thought of him lying on his back and me crouched over him on my haunches sliding up and down on him and feeling completely impaled. He says he wants to play with my nipples at the same time and use his fingers to feel his cock sliding in and out of my slick hole. 

We also want to have another threesome with a guy. My first MMM session was with James and a friend of his and I took to it like a duck to water. I've not repeated it but it was one of the most intense sexual experiences I've ever had, laying on my back while James fucked me anally and his friend Chris fucked my face. The feeling of being filled both ends was so powerful. I'd always enjoyed seeing a guy being spitroasted in porn and wanted to try it; the real thing completely exceeded my expectations and I badly want to do it again.

I suggested to James that we also have a MMF threesome, as I know several mature women who find playing with bi guys a massive turn-on. Although he's bi, he says he tends to play with men more often but loves the idea of having a woman join us just so long as he gets to fuck me. I told him my fantasy (well, one of them) was to be on my back with him inside me and the woman sat on my face having me eat her out. I'd like it if we both finished all over her face and glazed her with cum strings. James was wanking me while I was telling him all this, and I ended up cumming all over his lovely smooth tummy. We finished our morning tryst by me cleaning up my own cum with my mouth and snowballing it with him. Oh fuck, I'm hard again just at the memory of it.

We haven't met for a coupe of months since then; to be honest I was worried about getting too involved with him, but the itch is still there and will need to be scratched again soon.