 It's been awhile since I last wrote a story for this site. My other stories were fiction. This story is 100% real. No names or locations have been mentioned, but the entire story is a true account that happened to me only a few months ago. I hope you guys enjoy, and if you want, I will keep you updated on my girlfriend and my secret Mandingo Lover.....



It was a late Monday night, and I was reminiscing of the last few day. I had just spent the whole weekend with my girlfriend, and it was an adventure of uninhibited sex of a magnitude I have never experienced with another girl. My girlfriend and I love to play with toys, and we have an 8" thick black dildo that she loves me to fuck her pussy with, while I am pounding her thick ass. It drives her fucking nuts. Well this past Saturday, when I removed the black monster from her pussy, which was soaking wet of her juices, she asked me to lick her juices off it. I can't begin to tell you the amazement I felt at this moment. I have been a closeted bi man for the last several years, and have a hidden oral fixation for big cocks, especially black cocks. Never have I told another woman this, nor does anyone in my life know of my hidden pleasure. I began to lick her juices off this black dildo, and then, my innate instinct took over, and beyond any knowledge, I began to suck on it, as if it was a real cock. This apparently turned her on so much; she came without me even touching her pussy. I then placed this black cock between both our mouths, and we both sucked on it together, I immediately got hard again, and was pounding her pussy, as we both sucked on this fake manhood together. I had the greatest orgasm of my life, and she came so much, she actually squirted. 

This was a new experience for me, in bed with a woman, and we both cuddled in bed, in conversation of what just happened. I explained to her how hot it was for me, and that it was something different but so erotic, but I never had any intention of being with a man before, and never would. (Yea right! but I didn't want her to fear me cheating on her). She was so excited that I enjoyed it, and then she asked me if I would let her fuck my ass with it. Now, even with all my experiences with men, and I have had many, I must have sucked off at least 100 cocks in my lifetime, at rest stops, off online sites, beaches, theaters, book stores, even gay bars, but never have I been fucked by any of them. I thought about it, but never wanted to out of the fear of the pain, and all the men I met were hap pence circumstances, I never trusted any of them to take my virgin ass. Well, I gave in to her demand, she put lots and lots of KY Jelly on that black dildo, and had me bend over, she rimmed ass real good, and then after much practice, got that black dildo in my ass. After I was comfortable she fucked me real hard with it, had me beg for that black dick, called me a fag, and fucked me so damn good. I came barely touching myself. She fucked my ass a few more times this weekend, and our sex life reached a whole new plateau. 

Now it's Monday night, and I'm thinking about this weekend. And I can't help but still be horny, and in desperate need of sucking a real dick. I haven't been with a man in months, but this whole weekend gave me a craving I had to fulfill. So like most closeted bi men do, I posted on Craigslist a simple ad, "28m Looking for Hung men, Tonight." I got a few responses into the late hours of the night, mostly from old men with 6" peckers. Nothing remotely interesting, so I ended up going to bed unsatisfied. 

Tuesday Morning I wake up and like every morning start to check my email. I immediately notice that I got an email early this morning, with my Craig list post as the subject line. The email reads:

Hey, I'm in ____________, need to get sucked this morning.

No cock size, no age, must be another old troll. But you never know, right? So I emailed him back.

"What's your age, stats, cock size, pic?"

Quick and to the point, I know, but I figured this guy was a troll, so I really wasn't caring too much. A few minutes go buy, and I get a response:

"28, black 6'2" 195lbs, 13"c, no pic"

"13? What????????" I said to myself. Ok this guy is a bull shitter, has to be. But he's black, and hey that's not something you can really lie about, right? I love to suck black cock, and I'm so horny, even a 6" dick would be better than nothing. So I ask for his address, he tells me, I shower and change and make my way over.

I knock on the door, and he greets me in. His stats seemed to be accurate so far, he was tall, skinny, and had a beautiful mahogany color skin. I especially liked the way he was dressed, south pole sweatpants, and a over sized south pole shirt. A real thug looking black man; just what I like. He guides me to his living room, and pulls his sweat pants down; I pull down his underwear, and see his enormous flaccid cock right in front of my hungry eyes. It was about 8 inches soft; I immediately noticed the weight of this monster as I immediately guided it in my mouth. I opened up my mouth as wide as I could, and let the head of it lie on my tongue. I slowly massaged this black dick with my loving mouth. Within seconds his cock was hard as a rock, and no kidding was over a foot long, and I'd say slightly less thick then the base of a beer bottle. 

"Man, you weren't kidding" I said, "Your cock is fucking huge."

"Yea man I didn't lie." He laughed.

I sucked this man the best way I knew how. Spit on his dick to make it nice and moist for my mouth. Cover my teeth with my lips as much as possible not to hurt him, and bobbed my head up and down as fast as I could, letting his cock bang up again my tonsils. At times, I slowed down, just to passionately feel this monster black cock in my mouth. Licking the base nice and slowly, especially the vein right below his monstrous head. I asked if he liked how I sucked his huge cock, and he nodded yes. 

"Man," he said, "can I see your ass."

"Sure, but I don't think I can take it in my ass."

After being fucked for the first time this weekend, I was a little more open to anal with a man, but this cock was just too big. He agreed, and just wanted to rim my ass as I sucked his cock. I sat my bubble ass on his mouth, and he fucked my hole with his long tongue, as I continued to suck his hard raging black cock. I have had my ass eaten by a few men including my girlfriend, but no one ate it like this man. He was a pro, eating my ass as if it was a pussy, fingering me, and making me moan as I sucked his huge cock. After a few minutes of our 69, he told me he was about to cum. I appreciate the warning, but I wanted his cum in my mouth. I sucked on his cock faster and harder, using both hands to jerk him off as I sucked on him. Just imagine both my hands perfectly grabbing his cock, one hand on top of the other, with another hands length above for me to suck? It was incredible.  Harder and faster I sucked, harder and faster, and then he came. His white liquid poured out of his cock, white and thick, down my waiting throat. His seed tasted warm and sweet, his cock exploded all of his man juices. At this point I want to slurp every last drop out of him, and marvel at my accomplishment as his cock softened up. 

My black Mandingo had a face of complete satisfaction. He told me it was the best head he ever got. I told him, he had the best cock I have ever sucked. I told him I hoped we could meet again, and he said he would like to. I wasn't sure if this was just a pleasant good bye, but next morning I got an email, asking if I wanted to come over again. Long story short, we have been meeting regularly, and he is the only man I plan on ever being with. I could never think of sucking another cock, after having this monstrosity at my call. He's my secret lover on the side, discreet as me, and has the biggest cock I have ever had. Soon, I think I may give him my ass.... And maybe one day, I can find a way to convince my girlfriend to have him join us in a threesome? Only time will tell, and you all will find out....