 A couple of months ago, my brother Matt and I were bored, so we decided to play cards. Well, at the end of the game, I didn't have the goods to pay up, so Matt offered me a way out of his debt. I followed him up to the room we share, and he started strokin his crotch. He told me that I was gonna jerk him off. "No fuckin way," I said. But he's the older brother, 19. I'm only 18, and kinda skinny compared to Matt. He was always in better shape than me, so I knew that he could make me do whatever he wanted. I can't believe he was making me do this. He was always such a perv.

He had a raging hard-on inside his shorts, and he wanted me to take care of it. There was no escaping Matt when he wanted you to do something. He sat on the edge of the bed with his shirt off, his thin shorts tenting up. "There it is. Get to work" he said. I knelt in front of him and reached up and pulled his shorts off, leaving him only in his boxers. I took his stiff cock out through the opening in the front of his boxers and started stroking it. He got really hard and was moaning, telling me, "Keep it up, bro. You're doing good."

He hooked a hand behind my neck, and said, "Suck my dick." His grip on me was tight, and I knew I wouldn't be able to escape. The only way to get out of this situation was to do as he wanted, so I moved forward and took his cock into my mouth. Matt was such a shit-face, making me suck him off like this. He pushed my head down onto his dick, which slid into my throat. I managed not to gag, but Matt grunted with pleasure. I continued to deep-throat him, hoping it would end my humiliation sooner.

Slurping on my brother's dick, I didn't notice Dad had come in until he spoke up. He said something about his two boys sucking dick. I don't really know, because I was too freaked out. Caught sucking my brother's tool by my father! Shit, my life was over. But he just came over to us, squeezing his crotch. I could tell he had an erection, because it was outlined in his pants. He spoke up. "Looks like you're doing a good job, based on the way you make Matt moan. I'd like to know how good of a cocksucker you are first hand." Aw, shit, Dad was gonna make me suck his cock, too. 

I wanted to run away, but I knew it was useless. He told me to get at it, so I turned toward him, still on my knees, and pulled his pants and briefs down. His massive dick looked intimidating, half hard, and already bigger than my penis when it was fully erect. I grabbed the base and brought my head close. It smelled of musk and man-scent. I curled my nose as I opened wide and guided his meat in. I began to bob my head on Dad's shaft, but I couldn't take it all. It was just too big. My jaw was stretched to its limit, attempting to hold his growing tool without getting my teeth in the way. 

After what seemed like forever, but was probably only a few minutes, he withdrew from my sucking mouth. He told me to get naked and get down on all fours, and had Matt get behind me. I stripped down and got into position, trying to look back. I saw Dad pushing Matt's head down, into my ass. His face was mashed between my butt cheeks. Dad ordered, "Eat your brother's ass." What the hell did that mean? I soon found out, as Matt's tongue darted out, licking up and down my crack, with special attention to my puckered ass hole. I could feel my dick climbing to full attention as my brother's tongue slipped into my hole. He fucked my channel with his mouth muscle, to the encouragement of our dad. "That's it. Get it nice and wet."

The feeling in my ass intensified and I couldn't stifle a moan of ecstasy. My boy-tool was stiff now, as Matt continued to lick and suck at my rear entrance. He reached between my legs and fondled my dick, enhancing the experience. It felt dirty, wrong somehow, that the hottest sex of my life was coming from my brother's face buried in my ass, at the command of our dad. There are so many things wrong with that. But things were about to get a whole lot worse.

Dad pulled Matt off from between my cheeks, and stepped up behind me, stroking his massive meat. He knelt down, and I felt the tip of his dick touch my moistened sphincter. "Oh, god, no Dad. I can't take your dick. Don't fuck me!" I pleaded. But he grabbed my hips, preventing me from moving out of his reach. 

"Don't worry. Just relax and it'll be fine." He started pushing forward, pressure building at my ass entrance. I was horrified.

"Ahh! No, don't!" I yelled, but he wouldn't listen. He told me it would be easier on me if I didn't resist, but how could I not? My dad was trying to take my anal cherry with his huge dick. A horrible pain shot from my hole as the head of his dick broke into my ass. He told me again to relax, and this time I listened. I couldn't take that pain, so I would play it his way. 

When he realized that I had given in, he said, "You can back yourself onto my dick at your own pace." I was breathing heavy, trying to keep up with the new mass in my ass, as I slowly pushed back onto Dad's cock. When my ass was not clenched in resistance, his dick came in much easier. But it still took a long time for me to complete his orders. I felt stretched to the breaking point, but the pain was minimal, and my rectum was getting used to Dad's sausage. Eventually, my butt was pressed against Dad's hips, and his monster dick was shoved all the way up my ass. He held it there, saying, "God damn, boy, your ass is tight."

"Well your dick is fuckin huge!" I didn't mean to encourage him, but he grabbed my hips and pulled me back, working his meat as far into me as it would go. "Ah, fuck!" I yelled. But I don't know if I was protesting or enjoying it. Dad slowly pulled out of me, almost all the way, leaving an empty feeling in my ass, then he moved back in. This back and forth motion quickened after a little while, and the realization hit me that I was being fucked by Dad. I clenched my teeth and scrunched my face, bearing down the pounding Dad was giving me. Matt moved himself under me, and craned his neck so he could take my dick in his mouth. The warm, wet muscles on my cock were turning me on, and soon, my tool was rock hard in my brother's mouth. 

"Aww, fuck. Shiit. Yeaaaahhh," I grunted and moaned. Matt was giving me great head. I could no longer hold up a wall against Dad's thick staff moving in my ass. With each thrust into my tight ass, he itched a little tickle that had just shown up deep in my hole. I found myself wanting more. I was actually falling back onto Dad's cock, his hips slapping loud against my butt. The whole room was turning me on. Dad and I were both grunting and moaning, and the musky smell of sweat was floating around. I was getting close to orgasm.

Dad fucked me harder when my body went rigid. "Oh, god, yes. I'm gonna cum." I moaned. My cock spasmed in my brother's mouth, shooting my jizz down his throat. Dad slid his dick out of me and flipped me on my back. Him and Matt knelt over me and sprayed their cum all over my body. They had used me for sex, and now they used me for their cum rag.

Matt's a horny fuck, and he really likes me to suck his cock, which I do often. Thankfully, Dad only fucks me about once a month. He says he wants my ass to stay tight. I can't say I would have chosen to be my family's sex slave, but there's just something about taking it from both ends that really gets me going.