 JANUARY 14th

I wasn't sure how I feel about all of this.

When my landlord told me we'd be getting a new inhabitant to our shared accommodation house in the new year, I was, in honestly, indifferent to the notion.

We already have Sugar Si (named so because of his sweet nature), fat Clair (named so because she's fat), and Ethan (named so because his name is Ethan). I didn't think we needed another member to our, rather dysfunctional, household.

But there he was, stood in the doorway of the house at 7:30 in the morning. It's was earlier, but I was up - a day away from work hadn't put a snooze on my internal body alarm clock.

I found it a little pleasing that he had rung the doorbell. He had a key to the place, this was his house now, but he rung the bell; this showed me my new friend had manners.

"You must be Jonah?" I greeted with a smile.

He was tall, taller than I expected. His eyes were bright, and his lips... If i could find the words to explain how gorgeous his lips were, I'd be years trying to find them.

I couldn't really tell what type of body he had under his clothing, but if his face was anything to go by, I had a feeling that I'd be trying to catch a glimpse of him coming out of the shower.

"Yeah." He smiled back, as i gestured him into the house. The only belongings he had on him where in a large brown suitcase, that he struggled to carry in.

"Your room is upstairs and the first one of the right, just by the bathroom." I smiled at him.

He didn't say a word to me. He nodded and took his case up to his room. This is where I started to get pissed with the idea of the new housemate.

I'm not too sure how this is going to pan out...

JANUARY 15th

I like this new housemate. He can stay.

Last night, after a pretty awkward first encounter - by awkward, I mean he went straight to his room and stayed in there for half the day - he decided to come and join me for a bit of crap telly watching in the living room.

I was already in my usual armchair by the time he came in. He took a seat on the far end of the sofa and lounged - I was going to say something about his feet being on the sofa, but he was a bit too pretty to say something horrible to, so I decided against it.

The programme he had walked halfway in on was a programme named "Buns." It wasn't the best programme in the world, but I loved it. It told the story of three gay, and one bi, friends trying to survive in London.

Jonah had just joined me at the start of a, rather steamy, sex scene. As the clothing of both young men on the screen came off, I turned to Jonah.

"Are you okay watching this?" I asked.

"No problem with me, mate, watch what you want." He didn't seem to interested, he focused more on the phone that he had taken from his pocket.

"You sure? I don't mind putting something else on? There's meant to be a good film on the other channel?"

"Honestly, mate, I'm fine with this, just wanted to come down here for some company more than anything." Jonah smiled.

I left him to his phone and turned my attention back to my programme, and then I saw it. Just out of the corner of my eye, in Jonah's direction, he was fidgeting.

I turned my head, only a little, to see what the commotion was about. His trouser region had become a little uncomfortable, apparently.

Then, I realised what was going on. Jonah was enjoying it, he was enjoying my programme. More to the point he was getting hard over it.

He was gay, or bi in the least, and he was, to my knowledge, available.

After that mini-celebration in my head, I claimed tiredness and went to bed. All the way up the stairs, the thought of Jonah's crotch was the only thing I could think about. I wondered what it was like, if it was large, or average, if he was cut or not, and whether or not, he would let me put it inside of mex

As I reached my room, I closed the door slightly, got completely undressed and got into bed. I had left the door partly open for a reason; my bed was directly opposite the door, and if I laid upon it naked, and Jonah saw, maybe I would catch his interest. 

I have to admit, I didn't have the most desirable body in the world, I was slim, and had the beginnings of a six pack, but no real work done there. I had a rather 'bouncing' butt, always shaved and a little peachy. My dick, well, it was about 7 and a half inches, I hadn't measured it for a while - it would've been more than enough to pleasure Jonah.

I stayed awake for a rather long time, over 3 hours had passed, and I had been sprawled out on my bed, completely naked, for over an hour. Jonah had no once walked passed. I guess he must have gone to bed already.

With a feeling of defeat, I got out of bed, still naked, and headed for the upstairs bathroom, where I found myself rather shocked.

Just as I left the door of my room, Jonah had made his way to the top of the stairs. We stood there for a moment, no really sure what to do - I was completely naked, with a semi-hardened cock, and Jonah was stood there, just in his underpants. I had a feeling that Jonah had been spending the last few hours catching up on my programme, and had found jeans a little too constricting during the sex scenes. Jonah's body put my to shame, and it was beautiful. His whole abdomen was built to perfect, just enough muscle to get my teeth stuck into. His arms and legs was well worked on, I wouldn't have minded to fall asleep in those arms tonight. 

The wonder hiding underneath his underpants was standing to attention, and really, really, really impressive.

"Mate, you're, um.." Jonah stuttered, trying to point out to me that I was naked, as if I had done it by accident. 

"Shit!" I pretended I hadn't noticed and ran to the bathroom, shutting the door. I should behind it, my cock pulsing, hard as it could ever be.

"Mate, you don't have to be embarrassed!" Jonah tried to comfort.

"Well, I kind of do! You've just seen me naked! You've only just moved in!"

"And?" Asked Jonah.

"What do you mean and? I was fucking naked!"

"And? It was hot!" It sounded to me like that had just slipped out of Jonah's mouth. "Um, well, I'm, going to bed... Night..."

Before Jonah had a chance to move away from the door, I had opened it, and was starring right into those stunning eyes of his. "You think I'm hot?"

"Yeah. Really hot." He said.

He stepped a little closer. "Hot enough to let me do this?" I reached into him with my lips, and as they kissed his, he didn't flinch, he didn't pull away. He kissed me back, and it was passionate - really fucking passionate - he pulled me close with his arms, hands gripped tight to my ass. He kissed me hard, and I was kissing him even harder.

This was not what I was expecting.

He took one of his hand and grabbed my dick, as the other held me tightly as he pushed my back against the nearest wall. I quickly took one of my hands and threw it down the front of his underwear. He was full of girth, and it was more than I think my hand could manage on its own. 

I removed my hand, and with both of them placed firmly upon his perfectly shaped ass I pulled him towards the door of my room.

Then he pulled away, smirking. "No, no, mister. We aren't doing this on the first night, I'm having fun with you.'

"Fun?" I asked a little pissed at him.

"Look, i promise you, one night this week, you'll get the next instalment to this fun of ours." Jonah got to his knees and took my still erect manhood into his hand. "But this is a little teaser of what you'll get next time."

Jonah took his tongue and gently licked the underside of my cock. This made my stomach churn with delight and nervousness. His tongue made its way up to my tip, and made several circles around it. Then, with a gentle and erotic motion, he had slipped me inside of his mouth, and was thrusting my cock in and out, deep into the back.

The sensation was unbelievable, I couldn't hardly believe that this guy had barely moved into this house.

Then he stopped, sliding my cock out of mouth, licking his lips with enjoyment. He got to his feet and kissed me very sweetly on the lips. "Goodnight, Richard." He said, making his way along the hallway and into his room. 

"Goodnight." I called after him, and then he was in his bedroom, and I was stood, with a raging erection in the hallway.

I like my new housemate. I like thought of the coming week even more...