 I was starting to get a little long in the pubes and was ready to do some personal trimming/shaving when I ran across a posting on Craigslist under "Casual Encounters – m4m" for manscaping, i.e., someone who would trim and shave you. The posting intrigued me and I thought it might be nice to have someone else trim me and possibly learn some new techniques to make it easier/smoother—plus—the price was very reasonable.

The poster was looking for athletic and muscular men and asked for a photo if possible. Since I wasn't sure if I fit his description (I'm 59 but am in good shape from my regular workouts) I went ahead and made contact with my personal stats: 6'3", 215 and I sent a couple of nude photos showing my body.

In short order I received his reply saying that I was fine and we set up an appointment at his place. I enjoy taking photograph (my tastes range from nature, to erotica to just plain porn) and I thought that it would be nice if I could take some pictures of him shaving me.

I arrived a little earlier than planned and it looked like I woke him from a nap. So I waited in his living room while he got a few things ready. When he reappeared he was wearing only a small thong. On the way downstairs to his studio I asked if he would mind if I took some pictures. There was a slight hesitancy and I said that I'd keep his face out of the photos and I'd show him what I took. With that explanation he agreed so I quickly went back to my vehicle and got my Canon 40D camera.

His basement room was filled with some workout equipment and quite a few statues and prints depicting a Buddist theme. A towel covered couch was near one wall where I could see numerous bottles of lotions and gels. As I undressed he positioned some overhead lights to better illuminate the couch.

Now upfront, I must admit I had numerous questions going through my mind wondering how all this was going to take place. Was I going to be lying down or standing up, would I be taking a shower to clean up afterwards or not? Was this going to be just a shave and a trim or would something else take place at the end? I just didn't know.

Lying on the couch I spread my legs so he could have easier access. He first poured some type of lotion into his hands, rubbed them together and then slowly started applying it to the area just above my cock (which I shave) and then to my cock and balls. I closed my eyes and thought that this is off to a very good start.

Next he got the shaving cream and, again, applied that to the same regions. I have always used a razor with multiple blades but he was using a single blade throwaway razor. He took hold of my cock moving it out of the way and then started shaving the area above it. His strokes were slow, methodical and careful. When he was done with that area he rubbed some more gel onto my cock and balls and then started shaving them.

Needless to say his touching my cock coupled with the rubbing needed to apply the gel was starting to get me hard. He moved my cock around as he shaved all around my shaft. This movement of my cock continued as he shaved my balls. Several times he would stop, clean the razor off in a basin of water, rub on some more gel, and then continue his shaving.

To let him gain access to the area between my balls and ass I spread my legs even further. Erotic thoughts were flying through my head. Here I was lying on a couch, naked, with my legs spread wide open letting a man I'd just met shave my cock and balls! The combination of his attention and the thoughts racing through my head produced a very nice hardon.

During this whole process I was taking pictures by holding my camera over my head. After each shot I'd look at the screen to see what I'd taken a picture of. So far I was very pleased, both with his shaving and the pictures I was taking.

Several times during the shaving he repositioned himself and when he did he brushed up against my left arm and I could feel his cock had grown as hard as mine. I'm not sure when but I asked him if he wanted to get more comfortable and take his thong off. I didn't have to ask twice as he stood up and slowly pealed them off. His cock was a nice size with a equally nice looking head. There was a light fuzz on his balls and some hair just above his shaft.

As he continued shaving my hand slowly caressed his cock and balls. It felt a little more reciprocal this way—I was feeling his cock and balls while he was feeling mine. Several more minutes passed and he was finally done. He took a towel, dipped it into some warm water, and gently rinsed off the gel. He asked if I wanted my ass shaved and I said no, but then he asked if I wanted the crack of my ass just trimmed and when I said yes he had me turn over. With his hands he parted my ass checks exposing my asshole. He took a small round shaped razor and trimmed the hairs in that area.

When he finished trimming my ass he had me turn over again. Pouring some more lotion into his hands he started rubbing it into my balls in a circular motion, then down between my legs and up and down my shaft. This continued until I was rock hard again. We talked while he continued to stroke me up and down. It wasn't long before I felt an explosion cumming and cum I did with the load flying onto my stomach and running down his hand.

I just stayed there for a few moments savoring that wonderful feeling. There weren't any new techniques for shaving myself that I learned but something tells me I may have to make a return trip sometime in the very near future.