 I tossed and turned trying to sleep. I couldn't get the images out of my head - me, kneeling naked, sucking on a friend's cock. Up until a couple of weeks ago, I hadn't given any serious thought of sex with another man. Now here I was trying to come to grips with how I found myself in this position. I have a steady girlfriend and consider, still consider, myself a straight guy. Yet a few nights ago, I found myself surfing the web and came across a slew of free porn sites.

It's nothing I hadn't done before mind you. I have a few already bookmarked in my favorite places. On this occasion though, I was searching through hot blowjob scenes and two guys were making out on the digital image. I found myself downloading it, and then another. It wasn't that I preferred looking at that rather than a hot chick going down on another guy - it was that this was different.

I downloaded a few and watched one in particular a couple of times. This one video had a guy who forced himself on his roommate. It was an amateur film and the two were likely, most probably, acting for the camera but it came off pretty real and I found myself getting hard. Seeing how horny I was, I quickly visited several other scenes before I found one with two chicks with strapons going at it. I beat off until I came all over my stomach.

The next day, surfing through other sites my computer hung up and I couldn't get it any further than the Windows Desktop. None of the programs would function. My friend Randy, though not a computer geek, is pretty handy when it comes to computers and he found the virus that wreaked havoc on my machine. However, not before he saw the sites I visited and forwarded the addresses of the places I had downloaded to his home e-mail address and threatened to blackmail me unless I gave him a blowjob.

He said he would delete the e-mail if on this one occasion, I sucked his dick. I'm sure had I not been drinking I would have told him to e-mail anybody he wanted. I would just claim he had typed that himself and sent it. But that's now when I have a much clearer head. Instead, I did what he asked. I sucked his dick. I even let him cum in my mouth and at his request swallowed it.

The truth is while I should have been mad as hell at what he was asking me to do and perhaps should have busted his ass right there, he was right. I was curious. I wondered what my girlfriend Sandy felt like when she was giving me head. I wondered what a dick tasted like.

I'm not gay. I like girls. Sex with Sandy is great. But there was a part of me that wondered. Wondered what it would be like. I thought about the video of the roommate who submitted to his friend. I'm sure I could have overpowered Randy. But now I wrestle with the fact that I didn't stop it. I did it. Worse, I think I liked it.

Sunday morning Randy called and invited me over to his place to watch more basketball. It was mostly Big East and Big Ten teams but basketball is still basketball. Randy lives in the same apartment complex as I do and he said he was flipping burgers and just to come on over.

He never mentioned the previous evening and in the back of mind I wondered if perhaps now that he was sober too, he might have regreted it. Maybe it was a one time thing... something experienced but best forgotten. I threw on a pair of sweats and a t-shirt and was out the door.

I knocked but there was no answer. So I just walked on in seeing Randy out back on the grill. He told me to help myself in the fridge and to bring him a cold one. Nothing was exchanged about our encounter and we both enjoyed the burgers and beer. I was maybe on my fourth beer when I walked back to his restroom. It was when I walked back in the den, I almost felt an air of tension. Something was different.

"So, are you ready for your next blowjob lesson sport?" Randy smirked.

"Dude...let it go. I did it once. You said that was it. Let's just chalk it up to an experience, our experience, between us and move on," I retorted hoping Randy would let it go.

"No, we're not done. I might have let it go last night. But dude, make no mistake - you enjoyed blowing me. You may not want to admit it but you did. I saw how hard it made you. And then you came all over the place. No, you wanted to give me a blowjob. Just like you want to now," Randy countered.

"Tell you what," he went on. "If you lower those sweats and don't get hard thinking about giving me head, I'll drop it. Better yet, I'll walk over to that computer and delete the e-mail I sent last night..."

"Maybe I'll just delete it myself," I shot back before he added, "you don't know my password."

"But," Randy started back, "If you do get hard -- if you get an erection at the thought of sucking on my dick, then your ass is mine. You'll do what I say for the rest of the day. No back talk. You'll do it. We got a deal?"

I though about it. "Deal!" I said defiantly.

Randy started removing his jeans. "What the fuck are you doing?" I asked. "We didn't say anything about you getting undressed," I said somewhat puzzled.

"No, but we didn't say I wouldn't." Randy said as he continued to slip out of his clothes. Peeling off his socks, ripping his shirt over his head, leaving just some briefs that he pulled down as his member came into view.

"Now, your turn sport. Take it off. Take all of it off. And don't get hard. Remember, you get a woody and you're mine the rest of the afternoon," Randy egged me on.

I can't explain why -- maybe it was all his talking. But even before I took off the first item I could feel my cock stirring in my shorts. I was trying to will it to soften. Trying to think stupid thoughts. Anything to get my mind off the moment.

Randy stood by with a big grin on his face as he started stroking his cock. His dick getting harder and harder as he grew more confident. I looked down, trying to avert my eyes.

"You're getting hard aren't cha' buddy. That old dick of yours is betraying you isn't it. You want to suck my cock. You want another mouthful of my cum don't cha'," Randy taunted.

"Look, this is silly. I'm not doing it," I countered.

"Then you're an automatic loser," Randy smirked.

I pulled my shirt off and tossed it to the floor. I kicked of my Nikes and then pulled down the sweats. It was already evident what was going on in my briefs. We both knew it. I could feel the embarrassment on my face as I eased my shorts down. My dick bouncing up almost slapping my belly.

I looked down and there it was -- the veins straining as it pumped my cock -- almost as hard as it had ever been.

"I knew it. I knew you wanted it," Randy said almost gleefully. "Now, remember our deal. I own your ass for the rest of the day. You'll do anything I ask, and the first thing is I want you to tell me how much how want to suck my cock," Randy instructed.

I knew I was defeated. There was no use in defying him any longer. "I want to suck your cock," I said meekly.

"You want this boy?" Randy asked as he grasped his hard on and held it in my direction. "Crawl over here and suck it, show me how bad you want this cock."

I crawled along his floor until I was eye level with the man flesh that I had sucked the night before. "Before you suck it, kiss my dick, kiss the head of my dick."

There was no turning back. I knelt over and placed my lips on the crown of his cock. I could feel his slit in the top of his dick against my lips.

"Now go ahead, you can suck it boy," Randy said reveling in the moment.

Once again, I let the smooth wand part my lips as I bathed it with my tongue. His cock was warm and just as I remembered from the previous evening so velvety soft in my mouth. I reached up with my right hand and held it firm as I moved my lips up and down on his shaft. This time, without being told, I pulled the cock out of my mouth and tongued his hairy nut sack, taking one ball and then the other in my mouth.

Randy groaned in pleasure as I sucked and licked on his cock and balls. I looked up and saw his eyes closed tightly as he had both hands propped up on his hips. I worked the cock back and forth, removing it every once and a while to lick its length with my tongue before I placed it back in my mouth.

I could feel him rocking back and forth. He was literally fucking my face and to be honest, I liked it. I couldn't deny that it was turning me on to be used like this. 

"Suck it you little cocksucker. You like that dick don't cha' boy. You like sucking on my dick. Being my little cocksucker don't cha'" Randy said as his thrust became more forceful. I pumped his cock, actually beginning to look forward to him cumming in my mouth.

I wanted his hot salty cum. I wanted him to shoot it down my throat. To use me like he did the night before. My own cock was rock hard as I occasionally felt the heat from the head of my dick rub against my belly.

Then I felt him tense up. His legs almost locked as he grabbed the back of my head forcing my mouth further onto his dick. I thought I would choke as I felt it. Stream after stream -hot cum filling my mouth. I swallowed hard and often as it felt like his cum was never ending.

Finally, he began to relax his grip as he started to slide his slippery cock from my mouth. I looked up at him just as he removed his dick and then wiped it across my lips, across my face. I should have been insulted. But when he held it still in front of my mouth again, I bent over and kissed it. I kissed the head.

"Good boy. That was great," Randy said as he collapsed in a chair. "Now go get us a beer. But don't wipe your face. I want to see that cum on your face."

It took all I could but I didn't wipe my face as I felt the cum starting to dry and cake around the sides of my cheeks. I got us both a beer. He drank it down and then went to the restroom as I reflected on what had just transpired. I know I should have been embarrassed. But for some reason, I enjoyed it. My dick was still hard and I wanted to jack off. 

When he returned, I went to the restroom and found I couldn't pee my dick was so hard. It seemed to take forever before I finally subsided enough to cut lose a stream. It was maybe an hour later that he seemed to get his second wind.

"Alright boy, now its time for you to lose your virginity," Randy smirked.

"No, please Randy," I begged. "I'll give you another blowjob. I'll do it whenever you ask. Please, don't fuck me. I can't take that big thing up my ass," I cried.

"We made a deal boy. You'll do whatever I ask. Now I want a piece of that ass of yours. But I have something that should make it easier," he said as he held up a small plastic jar of Vaseline.

"Now get your ass over here now," he demanded.

I knew he wasn't going to let up. I walked to him and bent over the arm of his couch. "Tell me Dale, tell me what you want me to do," he smirked.

I knew the drill. I knew what he wanted. In the back of my mind, I wondered if I wanted it too.

"I want you to fuck my ass. Fuck my ass with that big cock of yours. Fill me up with your cum!" I said it. Hell, part of me wanted it.

"Okay, boy. Let's get your little cherry ass ready." I felt his fingers pry apart my cheeks. I could feel my little asshole tighten up as the air hit it. Then there was a dab at my opening. He smothered my hole in Vaseline and then I felt a finger push in.

To be honest, it wasn't the first time someone had played with my ass. Sandy had on several occasions used her fingers. But nothing bigger than that. She once asked if she could use a dildo on me but I acted put out. Secretly, I had to admit I liked it when she gave me a blowjob and stuck her finger in my butt.

Randy worked two, then three fingers as he twisted them and pulled my hole apart. I would never have admitted it to him then but I was turned on to the max!

"Okay. Here it comes. The real thing," Dale warned as I felt his fingers back out and replaced by the warm head of his cock. He sort of rested it there a moment. Sort of hesitating. Then I realized I was backing into it. I couldn't believe it.

"That's the spirit. You really do want that cock don't cha'," Randy said in a husky voice as he eased more of the head into my ass. It was huge. I couldn't believe how big it felt. I was just about to ask him to take it out when the head slipped through and his shaft moved all the way up my ass.

He stopped and patted my back. "That's right bitch. Now you've taken all that big dick," Randy said in a soft voice as he moved ever so slowly in my ass.

"Bitch? " I thought. He just called me his bitch?

Randy moved back and forth as my ass felt it was on fire. I felt so full as his legs would leave mine and then I would feel the bulk of his weight as his pubic hair came to rest on my ass. Randy reached around and stroked my dick. It had lost its erection but I began to harden again in his hand.

Randy sawed back and forth, slowly but all the way in and then almost out. I felt a sensation in my ass I had never felt before. Damn it felt good. "Yea, Randy fuck me, fuck my ass!," I exclaimed as he pushed harder and harder in my ass.

I hated to admit it, but I loved it. I loved Randy fucking my ass. He stroked my own dick which was now completely hard in his hand.

"Fuck, Fuck, I'm cumming," his voice rose as he pulled his cock from my butt. He shot stream after stream across my ass as he rubbed the head on my cheek and then returned it to my gaping hole. I had felt empty and welcomed its return. It was warm and filling.

Without losing his balance he flipped me over to where he was sitting on the arm of the couch and I was leaning back into him. He continued to beat my meat with one hand as he pulled hard on one of my nipples with the other. It was almost as if my nipple were connected with my penis as I came, spurting all over my abs. When I had finished coming, Randy rubbed the semen into my stomach and then did something totally unexpected.

He brought his fingers to my mouth and I opened it. Taking his cum coated fingers in my mouth. Fingers coated with my cum. I was now licking my own cum off his hand. He relaxed his grip on me and told me I could go wash up.

When I returned he had already dressed and was back on the couch watching the next game. Looking back, I can't recall who the hell was playing as I slipped on my sweats and told him I was gonna head on home.

I went home and showered. Yet no matter how much I had soaped myself up I seemed to smell of his cum. The cum which seemed to cover my body. Just pass eight, my cell phone rang and it was Sandy telling me she had just returned home. She talked for about twenty minutes but for the life of me I can't really recall what we talked about. I remember she said she'd call me at work in the morning. We'd go to lunch.

I had no sooner hung up than the cell rang again. I thought it was Sandy, but the screen said Randy. "Check out your e-mail," he said.

For a minute I thought he was sending me back the original e-mail. I don't know. But there was one address -- a web address. I clicked on it and was shocked when it went to one of the free sites I had looked at a few evenings ago. Two gay guys going at it. Perhaps it was just an instant -- but then I realized it was us. 

He had slightly distorted our faces but it was us. I examined it closer. His face was much more distorted than mine. You couldn't tell it was Randy. But I could sure recognize, even through the haze, it was me. 

"What the fuck is this!" I demanded.

"I figured you'd like it. This is one of the sites you liked isn't it?" he inquired.

"How the fuck? How did you do that? When did you do that?" I was beside myself.

I had a camera on the book shelf. You never have been one to pay attention to details. I turned it on when you went to the restroom. Pretty good angle, huh?" he chuckled.

"Why the fuck would you do this," my voice was shaking.

"Look, no one can tell who it is. Just another gay guy on a gay site. Nobody's gonna recognize you and hey, if they did, what are they doing looking at that site," Randy said trying to sound consoling.

"Take it down. Take it down now!" I demanded.

"I don't think you're in any position to be threatening me. Maybe you ought to watch it. It's pretty hot. Asking, no begging me to fuck your little ass. Look, we'll talk tomorrow. Maybe we can make some type of accommodation."

"What the fuck are you talking about. What do you want now?" I inquired.

"We'll talk later." Randy hung up.

I watched on the video screen as his cock moved in and out of my ass. As much as I hated it I could feel my dick stir in my pants. I couldn't believe this guy had been my friend. Someone I had known since High School. We had been buddies.

I watched his cock as it slid out of my ass and came across my cheeks. He stuck it back in my asshole. I watched as my ass leaned back into him, almost beckoning him to come back.

I slid my sweats down and stroked my cock. I spit in my hand and rubbed my head, then moved along my shaft. I watched as he flipped me over. Randy was stroking my cock. I could feel it grow hard in my hand. He rubbed up and down until I launched a stream of cum on my chest. I could feel the warm cum trickling across my hand as I came again. The sperm landing on the floor by my feet.

I hated it. I hated that it turned me on so much. But what did he want now? He had taken my ass. What was next? Whatever it was I knew I would do it. I had to. I wanted to.