 As I sat at my desk Monday morning, I was replaying the events of the past weekend in my head, When I left work on Friday, I had a weekend planned of basketball and beer with a buddy. By Sunday, I had gone down on him sucking my first dick and he had fucked my ass. To make matters worse, he had taped the whole thing without my knowledge and had posted it to an amateur adult site. 

We made a bet that I wouldn't get hard stripping in front of him, however, if I did I had to do his bidding for the rest of the day. I had done this because he had already found incriminating gay sites I had previously viewed on the Internet. I had never considered myself even remotely bisexual but I had to admit seeing those guys go at it really got my dick hard. Randy had found them while working on my computer and threatened to expose this to our friends.

But he promised he would drop the whole matter, if I could prove sucking his dick didn't turn me on. Why would it? I have a girlfriend and I'm not queer. But after I agreed, he stripped himself and then started jerking off, the whole time telling me how much I wanted to suck him. He sneered as he stated how he was going to enjoy my lips around his cock.

I threatened to call it off but he said stopping now was a forfeit and automatically made me a loser. Problem was, even as I started to remove my first articles of clothing, I could feel the familiar twitch in my briefs. I tried not to think about it -- get my mind on other things. But Randy was in the background taunting away. Looking back, I'm not sure I didn't want to suck his cock. I had done it the day before after he found those web sites I visited. Actually I had enjoyed it but I didn't want him to know.

I'm not gay but I did like him fucking my face with his dick, tasting his cum when he climaxed into my mouth. I had kneeled before him naked, sucking on his cock, licking his balls, while stroking my own cock in my hand. Perhaps deep down I wanted to lose. That's why when I finally slipped off my underwear, my cock was rock hard, bobbing back and forth. I had lost the bet. Maybe I had lost before we even agreed to it.

Before the afternoon was over I had again swallowed his load as he trailed his dick across my face. Randy made me wear the remaining cum on my face that I didn't swallow as we sat around his den naked watching the game. Later he fucked my ass. I had never had anything back there and it felt like he was going to tear me apart. But eventually my asshole adjusted to him and I began to enjoy it. My girlfriend Sandy had often used her fingers there when she gave me a blowjob. But there's a hell of a lot of difference between a girl's finger and your buddy's cock.

Unknown to me, the whole affair was captured on a video camera that he had positioned on his bookcase and he had loaded the scene with him fucking me on one of those adult sites I had visited. Randy is talented when it comes to computers and the clip he posted had our faces distorted so you couldn't make us out. Actually his was very distorted but he didn't go to as great a length with mine. My heart was beating out of my chest when I saw it.. There on the site was the heading, "Str8 Neighbor Gets His First Dick". I watched it over and over Sunday night. 

It wasn't a long clip and I was thankful he never said my name in the audio. Actually in the piece he posted, he kept referring to me as his bitch. When he had slipped his dick into me, he patted my back and said, "That's right bitch, take it..."

I had recalled later getting caught up and actually asking him to fuck me. I could have sworn I called his name but all the sounds on the video were me groaning occasionally begging him to fuck me and him calling me names. I suppose he edited the other out. He had pulled his cock from my ass when he came and busted his nut across my cheeks and then returned it to my gaping hole.

He then turned me around for the camera and he jacked me off. I came all over my stomach which he rubbed in and then he stuck his fingers up to my mouth. I can't believe it but there it was on my screen, me licking his fingers, sucking my own cum off his hand like some wanton slut. I was every bit the cock slut as the guys I had watched on video -- me! And there it was posted on a website where anyone could see it.

Somehow it felt different at work. Looking around at my fellow employees I wondered what they would think if they saw me on the screen. If they knew what I had done. And my girlfriend Sandy. What would she think? I tried to get my work done but I really did a poor job getting focused.

Later in the morning Sandy called and said she was working through lunch but asked if I would come over after work. In the middle of our conversation, she stopped and asked if something was wrong. My heart about stopped. Was it something I said? The way I said it? How could she tell? Did I sound different?

"No, I'm fine...just missed you this weekend, that's all," I said trying to sound convincing.

"Ohhh that's sweet. But I bet you didn't miss me too much with all your games on and stuff. But I'll give you points for saying it," she purred. "Just drop by anytime after six, I'm going to the gym first," Sandy said before adding, "Love ya."

"I love you too," I responded before I hit the end call. I did. I did love her. It wasn't really like I cheated on her. First it was with another guy and not a girl and second I had been forced to do it.

I wondered what she would think if she knew? She couldn't know. She couldn't find out. I didn't want to lose her. I had dated a lot of girls but Sandy was everything to me. We met in college at a fraternity party. She's rather petit, just 5" 3". She has long blonde hair, brown eyes and a smile that you wouldn't believe. She's not stacked or anything. Her tits are only a 34B but they fit her frame perfectly and she has one killer ass.

When she's not traveling, she spend a great deal of time out by the pool and has a dark tan. She takes great care of herself and works out regularly down at the gym keeping her stomach flat with a nice set of legs. Like I said, she's the total package!

The afternoon couldn't have gone by fast enough as I made my way over to Sandy's. I walked into her apartment and she was just pouring out water from a pot of spaghetti.

"Hey babe," she said as she moved in my direction, her soft plump lips locking on mine, before she returned to the stove and began checking her sauce. She was wearing some white shorts that really hugged her beautiful ass and a bright yellow top. She was barefooted standing in her kitchen and her little toes were painted a bright pink. I wanted to grab her right there. There was a part of me that wanted to prove to myself, I wasn't gay. I was straight. This past weekend meant nothing.

I walked up behind her and slid my head beside hers smelling the perfume she always wears. She smelled so good. I moved her hair back from her neck and began planting kisses.

"Careful or you're gonna' get me worked up and I'll burn your supper," she purred.

"Who cares about supper?" I asked.

I could see her smile as she stirred the spaghetti sauce. Setting down the spoon she turned down the heat and then turned in my arms. Our lips met again but this time it wasn't in passing. Her lips planted softly on mine, working between them as her soft pink tongue traced the outside of my lip before invading my mouth.

Her kiss was so wet, and soft, and warm. I slid my hand under the shirt and wrapped my arms around her waist pulling her tight against me. I knew she could feel my dick that was swelling between my legs beginning to harden against her thigh. I wanted her. I wanted her right then.

I slid my hand up and in a quick motion popped the snap on her bra. "Babe," she said as she pulled free of my mouth. "Don't get carried away -- we have dinner ready."

"Well, go ahead and take the bra off," I begged. I want to see what I'm having for desert."

"Maybe I should go out of town more often," Sandy smiled. "You really did miss me."

Sandy served the dinner but I was more interested in the main course of the evening and helped her clear the kitchen after we had eaten. She turned on the TV but I had no plans to watch anything as we both settled onto the couch. I took her face and turned it to me again kissing her. This time it was me, working my tongue into her mouth, feeling hers meeting mine as our two tongues wrestled.

Sandy has the softest lips. The bottom lip is plump without looking unusual to her face. But I can't describe how it feels when she wraps it around my cock. It is simply the best set of lips I've ever felt.

I slipped her shirt over her head with no hesitation on her part and took one of her breast in my hand. I bent my head down and took the soft nipple in my mouth as she leaned her head back and groaned. Her breasts aren't real big but they are firm and her nipples get rock hard. So much so that when she's wearing her bathing suit they are quite noticeable if she's cold or excited. I continued to suck on her tit moving from one to the other as I drew her nipple into my mouth and licked her breast.

I could have sucked on them all day long but eventually I pushed her back on the couch and began to slide my tongue down her taut belly. I licked her stomach and dove my tongue into her naval button. I unsnapped her little white shorts and unzipped them as I peeled back the shorts exposing her little pink thong.

She wears thong panties that just barely cover her little pussy with the thin fabric up the crack of her ass exposing her cheeks. I wrapped my fingers around both the shorts and her thong and pulled them down in one motion as I slid them down her lean legs and off her feet. She was now laying naked before me -- my prize as I continued to lick her belly, dabbing my tongue in her belly button before working it closer to her snatch.

Her pussy is completely smooth with no trace of hair or stubble. I remembered a girl in college that shaved her pussy but she was dark haired and always seemed to have a bit of a stubble. But not Sandy. As I moved my tongue down her stomach to her cunt, it slid leaving a wet trail. She smelled heavenly.

I knew she had showered after her workout but she also dabs just a hint of powder or perfume near her pussy because the fragrance is there. It drives me wild. I've been with girl's whose pussy opened up like petals. Sandy's pussy lips are tight together with just the hint of her inner lips at the top of her pussy. I licked around her pussy, sucking on her lips before pushing my tongue between her lips.

"Oh baby, I've missed that tongue. Yes, lick me. Lick me there," she started moaning as I worked at her cunt with gusto. I looked up to see her pulling on her own nipples. Twisting them with her fingers, squeezing the hard little nubs. I pushed my tongue deep into her hole, tasting the familiar juices as I lapped them up.

Using my hands, I pushed her ass off the couch a bit as I took long laps at her cunt. As I pulled away, I saw the juices trailing down to her little pink rosebud. As I had many times before, I moved my tongue to her ass and caught the juices which has settled there. I probed gently at her asshole as she cooed.

"Oh shit baby. Lick my ass. That feels so good," she moaned as I dabbed my tongue at her hole working it like a little cock. Her asshole gave way to my tongue as I probed. It has a slight muskier taste than her sweet little pussy. But its delicious none the less. Eventually, I took a wet finger and worked it into her hole as I returned my assault on her pussy.

I sucked on her clit, using my lips, and then once again working my tongue as far up her hole as I could go. I used two fingers in her ass, sawing my fingers back and forth. I had tried once to fuck her in the ass but I was too drunk at the time and her little asshole couldn't take my dick which was not really cooperating that night. I hadn't tried since, but I was determined to one day nail that virgin hole.

Her asshole was clenching down on my fingers as I felt her legs shaking. That sign she's about to cum for me. I went at her with more enthusiasm, plastering my face against her gushing pussy as she grabbed my head by the hair and directed me harder, trying to pull me into her womb.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, I'm cumming," Sandy exclaimed as she bounced up and down on her couch, her body heaving as she pulled harder at her own tits. When her orgasm subsided I stood up and slipped my own shirt over my head. Other than slipping off my shoes, I had been completely dressed as I devoured her. I unbuckled my belt and then unsnapped my trousers, lowering them and stepping free just leaving some briefs.

Sandy, if on cue, slid off the couch onto her knees and grabbed the waistband in her thumbs as her soft lips placed kisses on my stomach. She lowered my briefs as my cock, already hard, sprang free and bobbed in the air. She looked at it appraising its size before settling her lips on the crown and then taking the head between her lips. She would move her lips along the length and every so often pull her mouth free to suck on my balls. Sandy gives the best blowjob of any woman I have ever met!

She took her right hand and jacked me slowly as her mouth twisted on my cock. Then as I looked down at her kneeling frame, an image shot through my mind. Me! Naked before Randy, sucking on his cock. Jacking his dick as it pulsated in my mouth. I didn't want that image. I wanted to enjoy this.

I opened my eyes and watched Sandy, her small hand wrapped tightly around my shaft as she guided the dick between her lips. I remembered Randy calling me a cocksucker. How much I loved sucking on his cock and tasting his cum and that it wouldn't be the last time. I had enjoyed it. I did like it when he came down my throat and wiped his cock on my face. Even when he pulled it away I had chased it down, planting a last kiss on its head before he took his cock away. Watching Sandy going back and forth on my cock I couldn't help but think of what I had done.

What would she think if she knew that just the day before I had been on my knees sucking on another man's cock? Just like she was doing now. Then she looked up at me. Her eyes meeting mine as she smiled, confident she was giving me the best head in the world. Thing was -- we were both cock suckers. And I couldn't deny it. I had liked it. I liked to do what she was doing. I liked the feel of Randy's cock as it, moved over my tongue.

I felt her hand other hand as it caressed my ass cheek. She had wet a finger and I felt her little digit as it probed my backside. I spread my legs letting her explore. Little did she know, that too was no longer virgin territory. I had let, or rather Randy had took, my anal cherry the day before.

Her finger slipped easily into my hole as she continued to stroke my cock. Her head licking, sucking my shaft. Her finger felt good in my ass and at that moment I wished Randy's cock was there. I wish he were fucking me as Sandy sucked my dick. I closed my eyes and fantasized about it. Sandy kneeling naked before me, sucking on my cock as Randy moved his dick in and out of my ass. Telling me what a bitch I was -- a whore for him to use. His stomach slamming up against my back as his dick filled me.

I wanted him to cum in me this time. Not to pull out like he did the last time. I wanted to feel his cum as it shot off inside me. His warm cum in my backside. Sandy was working two fingers in my ass as she felt me start to move my ass up and down on her fingers. I was fucking her hand as her pace on cock picked up.

My cock and ass felt like a heat wave were moving across my lower torso as I wanted her hand deeper in my ass. My legs grew weak and I felt the familiar twitch in my cock as I launched stream after stream of cum which Sandy swallowed. I sunk down on my knees beside her as her fingers slid gently out of my ass. Then I did something I had never done before. I kissed her after she had given me a blowjob.

My tongue slid into her mouth and I could taste the saltiness of my own cum. Just a little remnant left behind. It startled her that I would kiss her with my own cum still in her mouth but it seemed to turn her on. Her kiss back was passionate and she stuck her own tongue back in my mouth. Apparently she hadn't swallowed all of my cum and I could taste more of it that had settled on her tongue. It was the wettest most passionate kiss I think we ever had.

We both lay on the floor trading kisses and staring deep into each other's eyes. After a few minutes my cock was still fairly hard so I gently eased it between her legs. Her pussy accepted it willingly and we moved slowly together, kissing, her arms wrapped tightly around me. I rolled on top of her and her legs locked around my back as I moved deep into her pussy. Our mouths sliding across each other, tongues swapped back and forth. I felt her hard little nipples poking my chest as sweat dripped from our bodies. I loved her so much. It was in that moment I knew that I loved her with all my heart but I also realized I wanted more.

I had tasted sex with another man and I had liked it to. Could I have both? Was that possible. As I raised up on my arms, I looked down into her eyes. Her beautiful brown eyes as I pumped my cock into her hot wet pussy. She grabbed onto my ass cheeks as I raised up and thrust down. It wasn't long before I was shooting another hot load into her pussy. I came until my body went limp and I nestled my head into her neck as she cradled my head.

"Baby," she whispered softly as she rubbed the back of my neck. "Baby," she whispered again as I was still trying to collect myself. "Would you want to eat me now?"

I raised up and looked into her eyes. We had both been turned on minutes before when I kissed her after a blowjob. Now she was asking if I wanted to eat her pussy covered in my cum.

"Would you like that?" I inquired

"Oh yeah, I've never thought about it before, but that would be such a turn on...would you? Would you do it? I mean...I understand if you don't want..." she was saying before I just started moving down her sweaty chest.

"Oh shit," she started as she realized I was going to do it. Her hands clenched the floor and then shot to my shoulders as she guided me to her wet pussy coated in our juices. I had never done anything like this. Never eaten a pussy that I had just fucked. I spread her lips and saw the first remnants of my come start to leak out. I dabbed at it with my tongue.

I could feel her whole body shake as I let my tongue glide through her lips. Wet and hot with our juices. I could taste the salty cum, slick as it leaked into my mouth. Then I could feel her as I knew she was pushing the cum out as a glob formed at her opening and I greedily sucked it up making slurping sounds. The noises seemed to get her off as much as my licking as I probed and licked her wet box.

"Yea, eat my pussy. Get all that hot cum out you put in there. Clean me up," she chanted which drove me on. "That taste good? You like sucking your cum out of my pussy?"

Sandy and I had always talked during sex and she might use some profanity. But she had never been this graphic. "Yea, get it all now," she continued. "Eat it, lick up all those juices. Let me give you some more," she said as I could feel her again bearing down and squeezing a new load out as I continued to suck it up.

"I didn't know how much you liked your cum. All this time we've been wasting it. From now on, maybe we'll get you to clean up what you put there." I knew she could tell what her dirty talk was doing to me. Then I felt her again as she grabbed hard at my head. I closed my mouth around her opening and she came hard.

When her body finally stopped heaving I slid up and kissed her again on the lips. This time it was just a small returned kiss. Neither of us had the energy for anything else.
