 Shannon and Paul had been friends since Paul had come into the company, and had always been there for each other. When Shannon had initially suggested going out, Paul had had second thoughts; he was a little tired from an intense match earlier that night. 

But since there was nothing else better to do but sit around and feel sorry for himself because his skank of a woman had run around on him, he was glad he had decided to go. Shan was a fun guy, even in the shittiest of moments, and Paul could have used a few laughs.

Paul was a beautiful guy. Five foot ten, olive skin, long, silky, straight black hair, bewitching hazel eyes, and a smile that could light the world--not to mention the outline of his tights showed the promise of a generous cock and an ass that was one of the most fuck worthy around. 

Truth of the matter was Shannon had wanted him in the worst way; if he had something to say about it, Paul was going to get fucked tonight. Yeah, Shannon had wanted to get him into bed from day one, best friend or not, only Paul didn't know that part. Yet.

A knock sounded at the door, and Paul yelled out that it was open. Shannon walked in with a smile across his face, his blond hair slightly tousled.

Paul knew they both got a lot of appreciative looks from women, and more than a few from other men, and even though Shan HAD gone down the gay route a few times by fucking a few male fans, Paul had yet to tread there.

"Hey, you ready to go?" Shannon asked. "We're already running late, you know."

"Where's the fire? It's not like we're not going to see the same old, same old."

"I don't know, man; there were a lot of hot broads out there tonight. We might get lucky. If not...well..."

"I'm not planning on a late night anyway. I'm kind of tired."

"Man, you need to get off that bitch Cynthia. I told you she was a whore. All the chicks in this business are. You were just another fuck on the side while she and Matt were having problems."

"Shan, don't go there tonight, okay? I just want to chill out a bit."

"Okay, man. Whatever you say. Let's go have some fun."

They had gone down to the restaurant and lounge of the hotel; Paul suddenly realizing how hungry he was. Though he didn't drink, the food buffet was looking attractive.

A waitress came over, and Shannon ordered a beer, while Paul got his soda. Once that was out of the way, they dove into the buffet.

They filled their plates more than once. Both men lost track of how much they had actually eaten, and eventually, neither of them could eat another bite. 

Feeling bloated and stuffed, Shannon had let out a healthy belch, getting punched in the arm by Paul as others in the place looked at them strangely.

"You're a fucking pig," Paul told him laughingly.

"And you are one sexy piece of ass," Shannon teased him back. "What do ya say we go for a walk and see if we can work off some of this food and drink?"

"You're the one that is guzzling the beer," Paul laughed again.

"Yeah, whatever. Let's go. We can go upstairs after."

They walked for a bit before coming to a bench near a riverbank behind their hotel, deciding it was a good spot to rest before they headed back.

"So how have things been going for you since Cynthia broke it off. That must have been tough to find out she'd been whoring around on you."

"Yeah, it was tough, but it was for the best. But I do miss having that special someone in my life, you know?"

"Yeah, I can dig that! I haven't been able to find anyone decent since I got divorced myself."

Paul started to move his head from side to side and grimaced slightly. 

"I think I might have pulled a muscle during the match tonight. Shit, that hurts," he explained when Shannon eyed him curiously.

"Here, I know of something that might help. Just try to relax."

Shannon moved behind his friend and placed his fingers on the side of his neck, massaging Paul firmly yet gently. 

At first, Paul was shocked at the feel of his friend's fingers on his neck. Still, it wasn't long before the pain had eased up. This guy knew his stuff.

Shan had felt a stirring in his pants. He had never told his friend about his attraction to him – in fact, he had just learned to accept it himself. 

Reaching down in front of Paul, he quickly unbuttoned Paul's shirt and started to pull it over his shoulders. 

"Shan, what the fuck are you doing!" Paul cried, startled.

"There is only so much I can do before this has to come off, man."

Shannon removed the shirt and dropped it on the bench – running his fingers trace patterns along Paul's shoulders and back. 

"That better?"

"Oh, that's good, dude. Great job."

"Thanks."

Shannon leaned over, until his lips were close to Paul's ear, and he quickly placed a kiss on the spot of his neck, just below the earlobe. 

Suddenly Paul grabbed Shannon's hands. "What are you doing?!?"

"Shit. Look, maybe we better head back."

Paul put his shirt back on, eyeing his friend suspiciously. "Yeah, that might not be a bad idea."

Great, Shannon thought. Now I've gone too far and pissed him off. So much for getting laid tonight.

They had gone back in silence, each going back to their rooms and going to bed, but Paul had found himself unable to sleep. 

Men, sure, had eyed him but his closest friend coming on to him had both disturbed and excited him. 

He called Shannon's room, knowing it was late.

"Dude...I know it's late, but I wanted to apologize for being an ass earlier. I know you were trying to make me feel better and stuff, and--"

"Say no more, man. I couldn't sleep either. I've been thinking about you."

"You want to come down to the room and hang out?" Paul asked.

"Sure, whatever you like."

Shannon threw on a robe over his boxers, locking his room and headed down to Paul's, knocking gently on the door. 

It had been all he could do not to grow rock hard when his best friend answered in only a pair of shorts that did nothing to conceal the outline of his beautiful cock and ass.

"Thought you were tired," Shannon joked, plopping on the bed.

"I thought so too. Then I had to act like an asshole."

"Think nothing of it. Hey, you know I can finish that massage if it will help you sleep."

"Well.... Okay. But you know..."

"Yeah, yeah. You aren't gay. You aren't the first guy to come off with that one. Come on, lay back and enjoy."

Shannon pushed him back and leaned over Paul's body, letting his hands caress Paul's chest and stomach. He felt Paul shudder before he grabbed Shannon's hands, and Shan could feel him turning away.

"I'm not sure about this..."

"Relax, Paul. I'm not going to do anything you won't want me to do."

"But what about...."

"I want you, Paul." Shannon responded, trailing his tongue down Paul's neck to his shoulder, moaning at the feel of his skin as Shannon's hands sank lower until they reached the waistband of Paul's shorts. 

Tracing his fingers along the waistband, he suddenly reached lower, and started to rub the bulge that he knew was his friend's cock.

Paul had found himself shocked that he was enjoying what was being done to him and wanted more as Shannon started to move his lips over Paul's, forcing them open, his tongue dancing and probing into Paul's mouth. 

Paul slowly gave himself into the kiss. It was surprising, soft, and gentle all at once. Before he knew what was happening, Paul returned Shannon's kiss, eagerly sucking at the tongue Shannon offered, his hand never leaving Paul's cock.

Breaking the kiss, Shan then peeled off Paul's shorts, revealing a full erection, before stripping off his own robe and boxers. He then got back on the bed and told Paul to lay back and enjoy; Shan was here to really make him feel good.

Wrapping his lips around the head of his friend's cock, Shannon began to suck, his tongue tracing the veins, his cheeks hollowed. 

Paul began to thrust his hips towards Shannon's face, and cried out when Shan played with his balls.

"Fuck, Shan!" Paul cried. "You suck dick better than some women I've had!"

Encouraged by Paul's praise, Shannon sucked harder, moving his head back and forth, and Paul could no longer hold back. 

His pumped his hips towards Shannon's mouth, and pumping furiously, Paul held Shannon's head as he felt his orgasm approach.

"Shan, I'm going to cum!" he cried.

His friend shooting off in his mouth made Shannon rock hard. He sucked eagerly, drinking down Paul's cum, sucking it hard, and enjoying every inch of the cock he had wanted for the last four years.

"I don't have to ask if you enjoyed that," Shannon said with a gleam in his eye. "Now it's time for the real fun."

Paul looked up at his friend. A jolt of shock ran through his mind. Shannon giving him a blowjob was one thing, but actually getting fucked in ass? 

He then saw his friend pull something out of the pocket of his robe by the bed and saw it was a small tube of something. He knew now Shan had had sex on his mind from the moment he'd come to Paul's room, and there was no turning back now.

Lubing both his cock and Paul's ass generously, then placing Paul's legs around his shoulders, Shannon pushed his cock into Paul's ass slowly. 

He felt his cock surrounded by soft, smooth wetness, and all he could think of was to give Paul the fuck of his life. 

Shannon began to move inside of Paul once his cock was completely buried, slowly at first, pulling almost completely out and then pushing it back in.

He could hear Paul grunt and moan, calling out his name, and Shan quickened his movements. Soon, Shannon was fucking Paul with passion, ramming his cock hard and deep into his friend's ass.

"You like that, baby? Doesn't that feel good?"

"God, yes! Fuck me, Shan! Don't stop!"

Shannon buried his face into his friend's shoulder, smelling his scent, and feeling his skin against his own chest, as he grabbed Paul's hips and started to piston back and forth, his dick completely buried in Paul's ass by now.

Shannon felt his balls tighten up and his cock swell. He could feel his jism rising, ready to shoot, and he couldn't wait to get off inside his friend.

"Paul, I'm going to cum in your hot, tight ass," Shannon whispered into Paul's ear.

"God, yes! Cum in me now!"

Shannon felt his cock explode in his friend's ass. He heard Paul cry out and felt his ass clench tightly around Shannon's cock, telling Shannon that he was a great fuck. 

Shannon was frozen in time and space as he found his pleasure, and felt his body emptying as endless streams of cum filled Paul's asshole. 

Once drained of his seed, he pulled his cock from Paul's ass, watching as Paul was catching his breath. Then, turning, he held Paul's face in his hands.

"You have no idea how long I have wanted that," Shannon said. "And it was everything I imagined it would be."

"But, Shan, how long have...you know...wanted to fuck me?"

"We'll talk about that later, okay?"

Shan wrapped Paul into an embrace and Paul returned the hug, as they both lie beside each other on the bed. Sliding his fingers over Shan's back, Paul felt happy. 

He had no idea that sex with a man could be so good, and was actually looking forward to the next time when he could experience Shannon--and have Shan do the same to him again.