 If you have been following my story, you know that Randy, a friend of mine since high school, has been blackmailing my girlfriend Sandy and me for the last few weeks. Sandy and I agreed to be his sex slaves for one month, as long as at the end of that term, he would turn over the compromising videos he filmed of me.

I was the first to be blackmailed into gay sex and it seemed the more I complied with him, the more entangled I became as he videoed more and more of me giving him blowjobs or allowing him to fuck my ass. Prior to this, I had never had any same sex encounters. However, that all changed with the blackmail and I found myself reluctantly assisting Randy in seducing my girlfriend and eventually joining me in becoming his sexual slave.

Randy introduced us both to a bisexual married couple named Larry and Ann who often engaged in swapping with other couples. Ann prefers women to men and relished being the first woman to have sex with Sandy. It was a first for me as well as I found that Ann's husband Larry enjoyed reciprocating as well as having guys service him. After just a couple of encounters with Larry, I found myself drawing closer and closer to him. It wasn't just great sex with Larry. I honestly felt something with him that I had never felt with anyone else.

It was Ann who both encouraged Sandy to cuckold me as well as introducing her to interracial sex with a man named Mark. Mark had engaged in a dominant relationship with Larry and Ann for some time, and eventually carried on a master/slave relationship with them both.

In the previous chapter I detailed Sandy's first encounter with Mark as well as describing how my life has changed as Sandy's cuckolded fiancée. Sandy had even gone to lengths to purchase a male chastity device to lock my dick up in its cock cage when she travelled for extended periods as a pharmaceuticals sales rep.

Sandy had made arrangements for us both to service Randy on Saturday. We had two weeks left on our agreement and Randy told Sandy he was looking forward to a whole weekend with us serving as his personal slaves. Randy had enjoyed having anal sex with Sandy and he made it clear that he intended to fuck her long and often.

Saturday morning, Sandy arrived at my apartment and I heard her on the cell phone asking if there was any way Randy would consider coming over to my apartment instead of us walking over to his place in the same complex. I overheard her describing that she was cooking some items and didn't want to dirty up his kitchen and it would allow her to keep an eye on things. Randy agreed, but informed her that we were both to be nude and kneeling in the den, our hands tucked behind our backs, when he arrived in about an hour.

Seconds after she ended her call with Randy, I heard her making another call but I couldn't tell to whom at the time. That was made clear when Mark, her new black lover, walked through my door. I wasn't sure what was going on but I knew Sandy well enough to know she had the matter well in hand.

Punctual as ever, Randy knocked on my door, and seemed to be quite agitated that I had not undressed as he had directed earlier. As he made his way into the den, Mark and Sandy both emerged from the kitchen.

"Who are you?" Randy inquired of the black man who stood as an imposing figure in the doorway.

"I'm Mark and you must be Randy," he responded.

"Mark?" Randy questioned until a moment of clarity appeared on his face, "Larry and Ann's friend?" he continued.

"Exactly," Mark nodded back.

"I see. Well, I don't want to seem rude Mark, but Sandy, Dale, and I have plans this afternoon," Randy shot back, as he started to make his way past Mark into the kitchen, before being rebuffed at the doorway.

"Actually, I'm part of those plans," Mark responded as he blocked Randy's entrance into the kitchen where Sandy was standing with her arms folded tightly across her chest.

Almost without anyone noticing, two more black males had entered through the back door where Randy had come through just moments earlier.

"My boys Travelle and Chris, they're part of those plans too," Mark stated as Randy turned and noticed for the first time that there were now three black men, none of whom were invited to his private party.

Assessing the situation, Randy decided to make a hasty exit as he started to head for the back door. "Okay, that's cool. I'll drop back by later," Randy retorted as he tried to move past the two large men blocking his exit.

"I don't think so," Mark said smirking back at him. "You see, today, you are the party. I understand from Sandy here, you like playing games: Master and Slave games. That true home boy?"

Randy turned realizing his exit was blocked. "Look, I was a little short a while ago. You guys are free to do whatever, I'm just gonna' leave, and ya'll can have your fun," Randy reasoned, a look of uncertainty now filling his face.

"Yea, we're gonna' have fun all right. But today we're gonna' have fun with you. Sandy tells me you like playing master...but unfortunately we have a few too many masters here. So we're going to have you play slave today. Just like Sandy and Dale have been for you. So, why don't you go ahead and get undressed there and we can all get started."

Randy had a look of terror on his face and quickly tried to push past Travelle and Chris who each grabbed an arm and held him in place.

"Sandy, why don't you go on back to the bedroom for a second? It appears Randy and I need to have a bit of a discussion," Mark said turning briefly to look back at Sandy and then back to Randy who stood helpless in front of him.

Sandy turned and walked away as I sank back in a chair in the corner of the den watching it all unfold in front of me. When Sandy had made her exit, Mark walked over and stood in front of Randy before taking his arm half back in a quick motion and landing his fist to Randy's stomach.

Mark didn't draw back far but it was enough that Randy's knees buckled instantly as I could see his breath was momentarily lost in the unanticipated punch to the gut. Travelle and Chris let go of him as he crumpled to the floor, slamming on his knees and coming to rest on his hands.

"Now, do we have an understanding boy," Mark snarled as he stepped back. "I don't want to play rough, but we will play. Now, like I said earlier, undress, and be quick about it."

I watched as Randy slowly straightened up, his hair disheveled as he held his stomach. Still on his knees, he slipped his shirt over his head.

"Stand up and get those jeans off," Mark barked. Randy slipped off the shoes and peeled off his jeans leaving him in his white socks and grey Polo briefs. 

"That too," Mark commanded looking at the briefs.

Randy hesitated just a second before Mark appeared to take a step toward him. He immediately dug his thumb into the waistband, lowering the briefs, and then off his legs leaving him naked except for a pair of white Under Amour athletic socks which Mark allowed him to wear.

Mark surveyed the humbled man before him who seemed to shake once as Mark appraised his naked physique.

"And you call yourself a master there boy?" Mark chided him as both Travelle and Chris looked on and snickered.

"Get back down on your knees mother fucker," Mark commanded. 

Randy slumped back on his knees, resigned to his fate, as he awaited Mark's next direction.

"So, my little slave boy. Are you worthy to suck on this black cock?" he smirked cupping his hands to his crotch and giving a quick tug.

"I don't..." Randy started before Mark slapped him with an open hand to the cheek. Its pop shot across through the room and I saw instantly the red handprint which appeared across Randy's face.

"Don't fuckin' tell me what you won't do boy. You'll do what I tell you," Mark barked back.

Randy's bottom lip quivered as the full realization set in on what was happening. The tables had been turned and now he found himself in the situation I had been in with him. Only, he stood to get his ass kicked rather than exposed or humiliated on video.

"I believed we answered the question as to your worthiness," Mark sneered. "T.C., why don't you break the little virgin in," he said glancing over at Travelle.

I found out later that Travelle, who's last name was Campbell, was a bouncer down at one of the local clubs Mark often took his white dates. Travelle, who played a little NFL ball before he tore up his knee, went by T.C. to his friends. I never really found out the story about Chris, but he seemed to take his cues from Mark. 

Travelle zipped his fly on his trousers down and whipped out his man flesh that must have been nine inches completely flaccid. He unsnapped his trousers and let them slink down his legs, slipping out of his shoes, he stepped out of his pants leaving him standing in his sock feet like Randy. 

Randy now was eye level at the cock which hung down from Travelle's crotch.

"Go ahead boy, show T.C. your gratitude for letting you suck your first cock. A black cock at that," Mark went on.

Randy appeared frozen in place. His face was ashen white until T.C. reached down with his hand and grabbed the back of Randy's head and pulled his face to his cock which he moved all around his face.

"C'mon cock sucker. Put his dick in your mouth or am I going to have to kick your ass some more," Mark bellowed.

Randy was hesitant, but eventually he reached up with his right hand and took the cock in his trembling fingers. He looked back at Mark before he closed his eyes and pressed his lips to the head of T.C.' s cock.

"That's right boy. That's right. Now open that virgin mouth of yours. Let him fuck that face," Mark chanted.

I watched as Randy opened his mouth just a little as Travelle pushed, easing the black shaft into his mouth until Randy gagged. He choked as he removed the cock before Travelle pushed it back in again.

T.C. began thrusting back and forth and I watched as the black shaft moved through Randy's clenched fist, his eyes closed tightly, perhaps denying this was actually happening to him.

"That's right mother fucker. Your first cock. Yea, you're sucking him like a real pro. That feel good T.C.? That white boy sucking you good?" Mark sneered.

"Yea, he's pretty fuckin' good," T.C. shot back as he continued to pull Randy's head into his crotch, fucking his face. I hadn't paid much attention to Chris but I saw that he had retrieved a small video recorder out from his pocket and was now shooting the scene unfolding in front of us.

"Yea, I think we got us another little cock slut. He's taking to sucking dick like a real whore," Mark kept on. "Suck that cock boy. Lick it. Tongue those nuts."

I watched as Randy opened his eyes. He seemed to be less resistant as he moved his lips back and forth on the flesh. Occasionally removing the head and then pressing his lips back and then swallowing the shaft. He lifted up on the cock and like Mark ordered, licked T.C.'s nuts and then sucked on the balls taking them into his virgin mouth.

"Yeah, suck my cock bitch," T.C. sneered as Randy moved his lips up and down on his black shaft, making loud slurping noises as his mouth swallowed the dick.

Mark began undressing as he removed his shoes, socks, and trousers. He wasn't wearing any underwear leaving his cock and balls hanging as he pulled up, stretching his cock as he watched Travelle face fucking Randy.

"Okay, I think he's proved he's worthy. Move over and let me get at this fucker," Mark said as he moved his cock toward Randy.

"Are you worthy now mother fucker? You worthy to suck this shit?" Randy sneered as he held his hardening cock he had been stroking up to Randy's face.

"Yes," came Randy's meek response.

"Yes, what mother fucker?" Randy shot back.

"Yes sir, yes sir I'm worthy," Randy said looking up at Mark. When he didn't get a response back, he continued, "to suck your cock. May I suck your cock?"

"That's real good. You learn quick," Mark smiled back as he stroked the cock in front of Randy. Mark held the tip out. "Kiss it. Kiss the head. Show me you're worthy. Show me how much you want to suck this cock boy."

Randy leaned in and placed his lips on Mark's cock. His lips enveloping the head and holding there as if waiting for Mark's permission to continue. I couldn't believe Randy was now totally resigned to his role, showing no hesitation as he took on his next cock.

"Good boy. Go ahead and suck it. Suck my cock. Show me what a good cock sucker you've become," Mark chanted as Randy now stroked Mark's cock and moved his lips up and down the shaft.

Chris was still filming and I wondered if Randy had even noticed his first blowjob was being recorded on video. 

"Raise up," T.C. commanded urging Randy to all fours.

Randy knew what he intended and removed Mark's cock from his mouth and had just started to say, "no" when Mark again popped his cheek with an open hand slap. Randy's head was slapped back as Mark chided him. "I told you. Don't fuckin' tell us what you won't do. You're our slave today boy and we'll do what we want. Now raise that cherry white ass up." 

Slowly Randy raised up and went back to work on Mark's cock as I watched T.C. spit into his hand and begin to rub his thumb into Randy's back side. Randy groaned as Travelle worked his fingers and thumb into his tight ass, stopping only to add more spit to loosen and lube him up.

T.C. then moved between Randy's outstretched legs and I watched as he positioned his cock at Randy's asshole. I almost wished it were me he were going to fuck as he eased the head in and Randy groaned loudly. I knew it had to hurt, his very first cock there but I also knew how much he would come to enjoy it if he just relaxed.

Chris was still filming and it appeared he was zooming in on the fucking that was going on as well as the blowjob Mark was receiving. All the while Mark taunting and calling Randy a bitch, a cock slut, a little white whore.

"Damn," came Sandy's voice from the kitchen doorway as she stared into the room. Randy on his hand and knees as he sucked Mark off while T.C. was moving in and out of his virgin ass. "Look's like we have another gay slut. That's a sight I didn't think I would see," Sandy said with a broad smile across her face. "Ask him. Ask him where they are" Sandy said to Mark as he moved his hips back and forth, driving his cock deep into Randy's mouth.

"Where are the videos slut? Where are the videos you took of Dale?" Mark demanded.

"Videos...they're in my closet. In a box in my closet," Randy stammered back as Chris continued to drive his cock into Randy's tight virgin ass, his balls slapping loudly on his back side.

"And your password? I know you have those videos stored on your hard drive. What's your password?" Sandy grilled relentlessly.

"Heels...." Randy groaned. "Heels97," he finally blurted out before Mark stuck his cock back in his mouth, muffling his response.

Sandy walked out the door, headed over to Randy's to retrieve the videos he took of me and likely reviewing and erasing any he had stored on his computer. In the meantime, Mark appeared ready to cum.

"Damn boy, you're one good little cock slut. I'm ready to drop my load. You ready? You ready for your first load?"

Randy didn't have time to say yes or no before Mark grabbed the back of his head and pulled his hair, driving the cock deeper into his mouth. I could tell from Randy's expression that Mark was cumming. I watched his struggle as he tried to swallow but some of the cum dripped out of the corner of his mouth. Mark pulled out of his mouth and barked, "Stick your tongue out. Stick that fuckin' tongue out,"

Randy opened his mouth and stuck his tongue out as Mark jacked on his cock sending another stream of cum splashing on his face and then dribbling onto Randy's tongue as Mark rubbed the slimy cock across his face. Mark dipped it into the cum splattered on Randy's cheek and slid it all across his face.

T.C. was still fucking Randy's ass as he slammed against his cheeks, the balls slapping loudly as he grunted with each thrust. Not long after Mark came, Travelle moaned, sounding off that he too was cumming as Randy experienced his first load deposited deep in his virgin ass. No sooner than T.C. pulled out, Chris lowered his pants, sank to his knees and took his place. Randy was getting gang banged.

Mark motioned for me to disrobe and take his place as I felt some sense of deep satisfaction having Randy suck my cock. The man who had blackmailed me into my first gay sex was now sucking my dick. He didn't hesitate as he took the cock and sucked it like a man possessed. He licked and took my shaven balls into his mouth as Chris fucked his ass.

I couldn't help but notice that Randy was pushing back on Chris's cock. Actually meeting Chris's thrusts with his ass. His first gay sex may not have been consensual but he was definitely getting into it.

Mark was standing beside me. His now limp dick still wet from Randy's blowjob. I dipped my head and took the cock, still warm and wet into my mouth. I had wanted to do that all afternoon watching all those cocks plunge in and out of Randy's mouth and ass.

While Mark had already shot his load, I felt him stir in my mouth and begin to harden again. When Chris finally shot his load, I took my position at Randy's ass. Randy had already had two cocks in his ass before mine and he was really loose and I could feel all the cum both Chris and Travelle had already deposited there.

I think Randy even surprised himself when he groaned, "Fuck me, fuck my ass, oh yeah, fuck me." I didn't last long before I too added my load to his hungry hole.

When Sandy walked back through the door, I was removing my cock from Randy's gaping hole. He collapsed on the floor and I could actually see some of our cum leaking back out of his ass, dripping down his balls, and collecting on the carpet.

"Got it, got it all," Sandy exclaimed to Mark holding up what appeared to be three disc.

"Okay slut," Mark said as he kicked Randy's pile of clothes in his direction with his foot. "We're done here. You can leave now."

Randy pulled on his clothes and looked up at me once. He never said anything as he dressed and walked out of the apartment.

After Randy left, Sandy and Mark went back to our bedroom and Travelle and Chris took turns fucking my ass and letting me suck their big cocks. It was evening when Mark finally walked back down the hall naked. He announced he and the guys had a great time but needed to leave if they were going to make it out to the club.

After they had all dressed I walked back to find Sandy sprawled naked across our bed. Her hair was wet with sweat as I made my way to the bed. "Lick me baby. Clean me up," she purred. I slipped up on the bed and began to lick and suck at her well fucked pussy.

I could taste Mark's cum mixed with her juices as I licked it up, dipping my tongue deep into her hot wet box. Sandy stroked my hair lovingly as she ran her fingers though it and moaned her approval at the job I was doing. When I had sucked up all their juices, I crawled up and kissed her juicy plump lips. Her tongue ran into my mouth and she kissed me back as passionately as she ever had.

Conclusion 

It's been about eight months since our March Madness began. Randy moved shortly after his encounter with Mark and the guys. Mark took the video Chris had taken of Randy and loaded it on the Internet site that Randy had originally posted with those of me. Only, these videos clearly showed Randy's face as he sucked cock and had his ass fucked. The word around the apartment complex was he quit his job and no one has heard from him since. He just packed up and left and didn't even hang around to collect his security deposit.

Sandy had already decided I was to move into her apartment and I left at the end of the month myself. We now share her apartment.
