 FEBRUARY 17th

It all came to a head on the week of Fat Clair's birthday, and I don't know what is going to happen now...

If I was honest, Fat Clair is not a lady of many friends. She had myself, Ethan, Sugar Si and now Jonah, but that was it, that was the amount of people who would be in attendance to her birthday dinner; the event of the week, happening on Friday.

Monday:

"How you doing with them?" Jonah was stood over me, whilst I laid on the bed, fumbling through his box of toys.

From the evening he presented me with this little box of wonder, I had been, as he has asked, training as best as I was able. Having never been one to bottom, this was a whole new experience for me, and one that I was unsure I would completely enjoy. I was wrong. 

I started, as I should have, with the smallest of the dildos; pink in colour with enough girth and length for someone of my experience. The first insert was accompanied with a large helping of lubricant - I had spent an hour googling how to do this properly. If I wanted this to go well with Jonah, it had to be in the right way - and after about 20 seconds of uncomfortable and awkward pain, the 5 inch toy slid in nicely. It was nice, comfortable you could say, and the feeling of it inside me made me harder than I have ever been. I think my ass liked to be taken. 

Over the next week and a half, I 'upgraded' myself. I continued with my starter toy for a few days, and slowly began to make my way up the sizes, until finally, on the night before this encounter with Jonah, I reached the peek: a large, realistic feeling and looking, skin toned colossus; and I loved it. It felt intense, invigorating and almost heavenly. The orgasm it gave me was indescribable.

Jonah instructed me with this next part, he told me that one I had reached the colossus (as he called it) I was to take the biggest of the butt plugs and keep it inside me, all day until I came home to him. I had done as he had asked, and now I was laying upon my bed with him standing over me.

"I did it." I beamed, answering his question. "Would you like to check?" I turned onto my stomach and held my ass out towards him.

Jonah took no time in undressing my bottom half, my jeans and my underwear were off in seconds, and Jonah was presented with my new shaved butt cheeks, and between them the large flat end of a black butt plug.

"You did this for me?" He grinned, his big hands caressing my ass. He loved this, he enjoyed having me at his command.

"I did, baby, what's my reward?" I smirked. With my left hand, i reached behind me, and took his groin in my hand. He was already standing to attention, i could feel it even through jeans. 

Jonah spanked my butt cheek, then he quickly removed his jeans and his t-shirt, then his underwear. This was happening, the moment that I had dreamed about, the moment I had cum at the thought of since the moment that I saw his beautiful face. He was going to fuck me, and he was going to fuck me hard.

He placed his legs either side of mine, and sat his ass upon the backs of my thighs. With two gentle hands he took the end of the black butt plug and tugged it lightly; it did not budge. He tried two more little pulls, and yet again there was nothing. With small efforts having no effect, he took one large, and quite hard, pull, and the butt plug came out with a slurp. I could feel my hole relax, but not for long. 

Jonah took both of my hands and placed them firmly upon my cheeks. I got the message and spread them for him. 

I expected the next feeling to be his 10 inches of pure ecstasy, but I was wrong. I felt Jonah lower onto my back, as his face levelled with mine, he kissed my cheek gently, then I turned my head so I could kiss him too. Our lips locked in a dance of sexuality charged passion, both moaning with excitement for the next part. 

Then, the kiss ended, and Jonah started to lift up, though not before his whispered to me. "I love you." It was then that I knew. I knew that this was more that just a fling, there were feelings here, and Jonah loved me.

Jonah lifted up fully. There was a few seconds where I could feel him taking his cock in his hand, lubricating it up and directing it towards my awaiting asshole. Then, with one gentle push, he was inside me. 

He started slow and cautious. He was bigger than I could have anticipated, I felt fuller than I thought I was going to be able to manage, but as the speed of his thrusting quickened, and the rate at which his balls slapped against my ass, my worries disappeared and I was lost in pleasure.

I was moaning, and I was moaning loud. My hands had now moved from my ass and were gripping tightly onto the duvet. With every movement of his hips, a wave of wild, sexual ecstasy overcame me.

"Get up, baby, get up for me!" Jonah commanded, panting through moans and he slips his cock out of me. I got to my knees and turned to him, he was already laid on his back. His glorious cock beckoning me; my own personal colossus.

I swiftly straddled him. My legs either side of his hips as he took his manhood and directed it at my hole.

This was the moment, the moment I wanted more than anything. I wanted to take control of this situation, I wanted to ride him, and I was going to.

When his cock was finally inside me, I took no time in showing him how much I wanted this. I began gently moving my ass into his crotch, speeding up momentum with every movement. Then, placing my hands upon his chest, I began to lift my ass up into the air, before slamming it down hard upon his cock. 

Jonah threw his hands upon my waist, gripping tightly. Then he began to thrust his cock deep and hard inside me. Somehow my body was being elevated in the air, as his hips made sure that his dick was being buried inside me. I took my own cock in my hands and began to stroke it. 

The pace picked up quickly, and I knew that he was close, and so was I. The pressure was building, more so in him, I could feel it behind every movement, he was going to burst soon, and I could not wait!

"Are you going to cum for me baby? Are you going to cum inside of me?" I managed to ask through my animalistic moans.

Though before he could answer, he was. He had hit the peek, and his delicious, thick, juices had filled my hole, and it kept on coming. I couldn't take it anymore, my body tightened, and a wave of unbelievable pleasure overcame me. 

It took a moment for me to realise where I was or what had just happened. I slipped Jonah's cock out of my hole, and laid myself beside him. He was panting heavily. His stomach and chest covered in my load. He grabbed his t-shirt and wiped himself clean, before turning to me.

He had the most beautiful eyes I had ever seen, so clear and bright and blue. 

I kissed him gently upon the lips. "I love you, Jonah." 

"I love you too." He smiled at me, before placing another kiss upon my lips. "Thank you." He said, though before I was even able to ask him why he was thankful, his eyes had closed and he was asleep. 

I wrapped my arms around him tightly and rested my head upon his firmly built chest. I wasn't sure if it was down to what had just happened between us, but I felt safe beside him. I felt as though nothing could ever hurt me. 

FRIDAY:

The rest of the week consisted of three things: preparing for Fat Clair's birthday, working and getting fucked by Jonah. My Jonah.

As the evening of Friday came, Jonah and myself stood in my bedroom, in front of the mirror with Jonah, stood behind me, pulling my tie up to my collar. 

"Richard, Richard, Richard, if I could rip that suit off of you and through you on that bed, I would fuck you so hard! You look so fucking hot!" Jonah kissed my neck in several places, and my crotch reacted. I leant my head back into his neck, before pulling away from him.

"Now, now, you! We've got to leave in a minute, and I pretty sure not even you are that quick!" I laughed.

Jonah smiled, then he wrapped his arms sweetly around my waist. "For you, my Richard, I would do anything!" He kissed me gently upon the cheek and then took me by the hand and guided me down the stairs to the rest of the house, all ready to leave.

"I wish you two would keep you cocks away from each other for five minutes!" Sugar Si joked.

"They'll do that we you put a hat over the one on your forehead!" Ethan jested, Sugar Si hit him on the arm for that comment.

We all left the house and headed for the restaurant of Fat Clair's choosing; it was a fancy establishment, offering foods from around the world. As we reached the large golden doors of the restaurant, I could feel Jonah's mood change. His grip upon my hand tightened and the look upon my face told me he felt uneasy.

"Are you okay, babe?" I asked him, noticing his eyes were focused upon a car that was parked just outside the restaurant.

"Ye-yeah, couse! I'm fine!" Jonah replied. He was not fine. Something was wrong, and I did not like this.

The five of us entered the calm environment of restaurant - named chullican, for some reason - and then, my world came crashing down.

"Jonah?" Came a voice from the bar, all five of us turned, and Jonah's fingers slipped from mine.

"Faye?" He muttered. I could not tell if he was angry, happy or upset. If I was honestly, I did not want to find out.

"What are you doing here?" She asked him, "I thought you said you were at your mums for the week?" She looked at all of us.

"Well, I was, but-" Jonah began.

"Hang on! Jonah?" I grabbed his shoulder and turned him to me. "Who is this?" I knew as soon as the words had left my lips that I did not want to know the answer.

"She's Faye." He told me.

"And who is Faye, exactly?" I ignored this woman, and I ignore everything else, I looked Jonah dead in the eyes, and I knew what he was about to say, and the mere thought of it made my heart collapse in on itself. It was painful, but not as painful as what he was about to tell me. 

"She's my wife..." Jonah told me.