 My daughter announced she was getting married. I had been expecting it for a while now. Mark was a great kid. Well, I guess young man is more accurate.

He and Abby had been dating for almost three years. They had finished school, he passed the bar exam, and now was working in his father's firm. She had just come in from dinner with Mark and his parents, Robert and Louise. They have a membership in a very nice country club. 

"Daddy, Mark proposed tonight!" She said excitedly. 

It wasn't unexpected as I had said, but somehow, I thought I might have been invited to be there for the proposal. I had gotten fairly friendly with Mark's parents, and I was a little hurt that they didn't invite me. I had been raising Abby alone since her mom passed away when Abby was only eleven.

"That's wonderful dear! When's the big day?" I had to act excited for her even though I was hurting inside. I would have liked to see the expression on her face when he got down on his knee and asked for her hand.

"Mark wants it to be pretty soon. I don't know how I'm going to get everything done." She said as she exited. Obviously already making plans in her head.

Thank god Abby's mom had insisted on saving for a big wedding. The day we brought our newborn home, Helen was changing her diaper, and said "You know she is going to want a big wedding." 

I must have had a question mark tattooed on my forehead, because she added "We need to start saving for it." So, I did. 

I'm not an attorney, I make a decent living, but not loads. But, every week I put a little aside for Abby's wedding, and in her college fund. Abby's a smart girl, and got a full scholarship, so her wedding fund was enough to pay for just about as big a wedding as she wanted. 

About an hour after the news from Abby, the phone rings. "Hey, Mark. Congratulations. Hold on a sec, I'll get Abby." 

"Actually, Sir, I called to speak to you." Mark said.

"Ok, Son. What can I do for you?"

"I called to apologize for not having you there when I proposed."

"It's alright, Don't worry about it." I told him. Though I was grateful he thought enough to call.

"You see, Sir, I had picked up the ring for Abby today. Then rushed home to pick up my parents for our dinner. On the way to the club my mom told me she had been to the doctor and today got results of tests he had done. She has pancreatic cancer."

"Oh Mark. I'm so sorry." This was truly sad to me because my own father died of the same thing. Only about five percent last a year after diagnosis.

"Thank you, Sir. But, anyway, I had that on my mind when I suddenly realised that my mom may not be around to see me get married. I had the ring with me, so, I just proposed tonight. Totally spur of the moment. My parents didn't know, hell I didn't even know I was going to do it."

I could hear through the phone that he was pretty choked up. To be that upset, and still take time to call me, was touching.

"I totally understand. Really, don't give it a second thought." I hope I sounded genuine, because I really didn't blame him under the circumstances.

"I asked Abby to rush things a bit. Mom doesn't want to tell Abby yet and put a damper on her wedding. If you could, we would appreciate your help."

Amazingly Abby got the venue she wanted through a cancellation. The florist she had to take what she could get. Caterer was a friend of Robert's so he agreed to work it into his schedule. All in all, it was a wonderful wedding. Abby, If I do say so myself, was the most beautiful bride ever. In three months time they were on their honeymoon.

She didn't spend even half the money I had saved for her, so I gave them the rest to use as a downpayment on their house. Robert matched it. They bought a nice house in a good neighborhood.

While they were away on their honeymoon, Mark explained to Abby the reason for the rush. When they returned, Abby spent a lot of time with Mark's mother, learning all the family history and cute stories about Mark. She really became close to Louise toward the end. We were all by her side when she passed. 

One thing she learned was that Robert's father started the firm, and when she got pregnant, Louise moved in with Robert's parents until the baby came. Robert and Louise were only nineteen when Mark was born. Robert finished law school, and became a member of the firm, and eventually took it over. 

I had assumed that Robert just looked very good for his age. Turns out he isn't as old as I had thought. In fact, he was my age of 45.

The summer following Louise's death, Robert invited Mark and I for a 'guys only' weekend at their cabin on a nearby lake. As I said earlier, I do alright for myself, but their 'lake cabin' is much nicer than my house. 

Three bedrooms upstairs all with 'en suite' baths, game room, and library. Master suite downstairs along with a den with a huge fireplace, kitchen, sunroom, dining room. 

The back of the house was nothing but huge windows, providing panoramic views of the mountain lake. The pool and cabana also had a kitchen and outdoor grill. A brick path led to the long dock and boathouse. 

After the long drive up to the lake we all decided to just relax on the deck with cool drinks.

"It's absolutely gorgeous up here, Robert. I'm envious. If I had a place like this, I'd spend every minute I could here." I told my daughter's father in law.

"I get up here most weekends during the summer, and some during the rest of the year as well. We all used to come here weekends and sometimes a whole week at a time. Of course that was before Mark got all grown up. Huh Mark?"

"Yeah, I haven't been here since I started law school. Mom loved it here too." Mark said with more than a little sadness in his voice. "I guess those family trips are a thing of the past." He noted.

"Bullshit. Pretty soon you and Abby will have a bunch of rugrats running around here. And now, John can join us too. We're still family, just different." Robert informed him.

I was touched that Robert wanted to include me in their family outings. I took a long sip of my drink to conceal my emotions.

"It's still early. Do we want to do some fishing or take the boat out for a spin?" Robert said trying to lighten the atmosphere.

"I think I just want to take a dip in the pool. Too hot for fishing anyway. We can get up early tomorrow and go out." Mark replied.

We all agreed and went to change into our swimsuits. I had brought a regular shorts style suite because I'm really not a showoff in any manner, though I am quite proud of my physique. Years of construction work have kept me in good shape.

I was the first one out by the pool, and took it upon myself to set up some deck chairs and get towels from the cabana. As I was stepping out of the cabana, Mark arrived on the patio wearing a speedo that could barely contain the monster inside. 

The mental image of Mark hosing my daughter with what appeared to be quite a slab of meat, sent tingles straight to my cock.

Abby and I had always been close, and she would cry on my shoulder when the boy of the week would break up with her, or they'd have an argument. But she never shared any intimate info with me. I have no idea when she lost her cherry, if it was Mark or some other lucky lad who had that privilege.

If she wasn't a virgin when she and Mark finally did the deed, I can see why she would be swayed into marrying him. 

When Robert appeared, he wasn't wearing a speedo, but it was evident there was something moving around in his shorts. Like father like son I suppose.

I'm not really a drinker, but I do like flavorful drinks like margaritas or pina coladas or daiquiris. I never drink beer or wine. Maybe Abby told Robert of my preference or he happened upon it, because he came out with a huge pitcher of frozen margaritas. 

We were on our second round and Robert went inside and came out with a tray of steaks and threw them on the grill. Then he went back inside. It was almost like they had practiced it, because Mark got up and turned over the thick fillets at just the right moment. After a few minutes, Robert reappeared and took the steaks off the grill and ushered us inside. 

He had put on potatoes to bake before he made the drinks. When he put the steaks on he sauteed some asparagus and tossed a salad. It was the best steak I ever ate. These weren't the eight dollar a pound fillets, they were definitely the thirty dollar a pound fillets.

The food and the company was great. I had never felt so comfortable around non family members as I did with these guys. Of course I guess we are family now. 

"You're in really good shape, what gym do you go to John?" Robert asked.

"No gym. Just years of hard labor. You must work out a lot though, you're ripped for a guy our age." I returned the compliment.

"I try to get to the gym at least three times a week, though I have only recently got back into a routine." Robert replied alluding to having been out of routine during his wife's illness.

We were up early and out on the boat when the sun rose. We fished and relaxed and drank more margaritas. For lunch, Robert grilled some of the fish we caught, right in the cabin of the boat, and made the first pitcher of margaritas. By dusk, we were fished out, and quite drunk on several pitchers.

We showered at the house, and sat in the den just chatting. I really enjoyed their company, and I think they felt the same.

The next morning I got up early and put on the coffee, and started breakfast. When Robert came down I served him a plate of pancakes and eggs and fresh fruit, on the patio.

"This is delicious John." He said with another forkfull. 

"Hey, I can't let you grab all the cooking glory. Those fish yesterday were great. Besides I have to do something to earn my keep."

Mark was just as complimentary of his breakfast too. We spent the rest of the day just enjoying each other's company.

As we were packing the car for the return trip home, Robert asked "Do you guys want to do this again next week?"

"I will have to check my social calendar, if it's clear I could be talked into it." I joked.

"I can't Dad. I have depositions all week and court coming up." Mark said. 

"Looks like it's just you and me, John." Robert pointed out.

"I don't want to put you out any. You don't have to..."

"Nonsense. I told you, I come here all the time. I would love some company. I'll pick you up Friday noon." 

"Ok. If you're sure It's not a bother."

The next week we were on the patio, of course with another pitcher of margaritas. We had swam and talked and swam some more. I really liked Robert. He was quite affable. 

When we got out of the pool we realized we had forgotten towels so we went into the cabana. Robert just stripped off his suite and began toweling himself, so I did the same, trying not to look at the anaconda hanging between his legs. 

"Do you like saunas?" Robert asked.

"Sure. I've been in a few on vacations." 

"Right this way." He instructed. 

There was a sauna in the cabana. He turned a few dials and opened the door, bowing in a mock servant manner. As he did, the towel around his waist dropped to the floor. I was reminded of the song 'Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off', and started laughing. 

Robert looked down at his genitals and said "Well, that's the first time anyone has ever laughed at it before."

"I'm sorry. I'm not laughing at it. I was just reminded of that song 'Tequila Makes Her Clothes Fall Off'. We've had a bit of tequila, for sure. It's actually quite impressive." Did I just compliment a man about his cock? Gotta slow down on the margaritas.

Bowing again, Robert said "Why thank you sir. Your's is nice too." Then he closed the door behind us.

He placed his towel on the first tier bench, and sat down on it. Leaning against the wall he propped one foot on the bench, the other on the floor. I climbed to the second tier and sat. I had a hard time following the conversation because his equipment kept drawing my eyes to it.

"This place is so nice, I can see why you come here." I said trying to not stare. 

"We have always loved it here. Mark and Louise had some great times here as well." He reminisced. I could tell his thoughts were elsewhere for a moment.

Then he asked "How long have you been a widower, John?"

"Let's see...twelve..no thirteen years next month."

"When did you start dating again?" He asked

"I'll let you know when I do." I responded.

"You haven't been with anyone since your wife died?"

"Nope. All my time and money was dedicated to raising Abby. Besides, I didn't want to have a stream of women coming in and setting a bad example for Abby. You know, doing the walk of shame home after a one night stand. It just didn't seem right for Abby to see some woman leaving the house, knowing her father had just fucked the woman."

"I can understand that. It's very admirable too. Putting your child's best interest ahead of your own needs." 

"Fortunately, you don't have that worry. Mark has already grown into a fine young man. You can start dating as soon as you want. I mean, Louise has been gone for awhile now. No one would say anything about you dating. You're obviously still young and virile. No one would think anything of it." I tried to reassure him. 

He was thoughtful for a moment again. "How many women have you been with, John?"

He seemed to be sincere, so I thought it best to be truthful. "Well, to be perfectly honest, and since we're not teens in a high school locker room, just one." I guess the alcohol had loosened my brain to admit that.

He wasn't as shocked as I expected him to be. "Yeah, me too." 

Now I was shocked. "Really? Just Louise."

"Well we were still teens ourselves when she got pregnant. I never cheated on her. Now I feel like... I don't know."

"There must be a few available women at your club and such." 

"Oh yeah. For sure. They were like vultures circling. As soon as Louise passed, they pounced. Most of them have already got a notch or two on their wedding bands. Some even more. They're just looking for their next victim. And if I go out with a younger woman, well then I'm just an old letch." 

"I see what you mean. It's a shame, that beautiful piece of equipment going to waste, though." Okay definitely no more margaritas.

He looked at me oddly. Then asked "What do you mean?"

Shit.. Now he's gonna think I'm some kind of pervert. 

"Nothing...just, well.. I mean.. you have a cock most guys would kill for. Porn star quality. I wish I had one like that to play with." I laughed. Then I heard it repeated in my head and thought 'That didn't come out the way I wanted it to.' Jesus, John, just shut the fuck up.

He was still looking at me oddly, and I don't blame him.

"I mean.. You know at night, in my room, it would be nice to have one like that to play with." I tried to clarify. Did I leave out the word 'alone'? 'In my room, alone, it would be nice to have a big dick to play with.' is what I intended to say. 

I thought I noticed his cock lengthen a bit.

"Have you done that before, played with one?" He asked

"Should we go into the house now? It's getting a little hot in here." I said changing the subject. 

"Sure thing. Let me get us some robes." He collected two terry cloth robes, and handed one to me. He picked up his towel after donning his robe, and tossed it into the hamper.

"Just put your towel in there, and I'll make us another pitcher." 

We sat in the den, quietly drinking our umpteenth margarita. Robert finally broke the silence with "I hope you will keep that little tidbit of information to yourself, John. I'm supposed to be some, man about town, bachelor, now. I can't go ruining my rep."

"Your secret is safe with me." I assured him.

"Well, since you avoided the question, I'm just going to have to assume what the answer is and keep your secret as well." He replied, giving me a devilish grin.

When I realized what he was talking about, I said "No, you've got it wrong. I've never... well, aside from some fumbled experimenting as a kid, I've never done anything like that. What I meant was, If we were... I mean... if I were alone in my room, I would love to have a nice big cock like that to play with. My seven inches is nice, but by comparison to... to... whatever that is, it's meager at best."

"Ten by six."

"What?"

"Ten by six. Ten inches long, by six inches around. Well, a little over seven inches around the head actually. Six around the shaft."

"Jesus H. Christ. You're shitting me right?" I said astounded.

"Nope."

"Damn! If I'd had one like that, I'd never have left my room when I was a teen. They'd have found my emaciated corpse eventually." I laughed. 

"Well it's not all it's cracked up to be. Most of the girls back then would scream and run when they saw it." Robert claimed.

"Louise didn't."

"No. But then again, I didn't actually let her see it. She didn't see it till around our third time fucking. By then she loved it." 

"I bet she did. At least you never had to worry about her leaving you for a guy with a big cock."

"No, I never worried about that. We were quite happy with our love life." He looked off in the distance in remembering his wife. "She never denied me anything. Well, except anal of course. She said her ass hole would never close after, and she have to wear diapers the rest of her life." He laughed with a faraway look on his face.

I had to chuckle too, at the mental image. I also realized I was excited. My dick was stone hard with all the sex talk, and I hadn't gotten off in a while. I tried to make an unnoticed adjustment, I think Robert saw me.

"You know, we all have 'fumbled experiments' in our youth. Have you ever thought of experimenting now?" Robert asked leadingly.

"No..no, of course not." It was true to a degree. One of my fantasies, back when I was married, was to see my wife royally fucked by a large cock. Eventually it grew to me doing clean up duty afterward. I never mentioned it to my wife or anyone else. It was still my favorite stroke fantasy.

"Me thinks thou doth protest too much. To misquote Hamlet. It's okay, I understand. I've had my share of being curious too."

This shocked me. First because he was so manly, secondly that he would admit something like that to me. Obviously he'd had his share of margaritas for sure.

I glanced down at his lap to see a slight tenting of the robe. 

"Uh..I think I will pour myself one more glass, then pour my happy ass into bed. Would you care to join me?" Shit, there I go again. I meant to join me in another glass.

"I'd be delighted. I'll even do the pouring." He said getting up and fetching the pitcher. When he turned toward me with the pitcher in hand, His robe was tenting obscenely. As he stepped closer, it parted and the anaconda reared its mighty head. He stopped right in front of me. I couldn't take my eyes off of it.

After an awkward moment he said "Your glass." 

"Oh.. uh yeah." I held out my glass for him to fill, but I still wasn't paying attention. His cock had captivated me. I couldn't understand for the life of me why the girls would scream and run. I just wanted to inspect it up close. His robe had opened completely so he was basically on display. He wasn't exaggerating the size at all. It was supremely beautiful. The thick head crowned a marvelous veiny shaft which ended in his manscaped pubes. His ballsack hung heavy and full. I suddenly flashed on my old fantasy and saw it plunging inside my wife's stretched pussy.

I quickly took a big gulp of my drink and became aware of Robert's outstretched hand. I looked up at him questioningly.

"Now I shall pour your happy ass into bed." He takes my hand and the next thing I know is I'm standing beside the bed. He unties the sash around my waist and pushes the robe off my shoulders, to fall in a heap at my feet. I sat on the bed, and then realized I was in the master suite, not my guest room upstairs. 
