 When I first met Mark I was totally unaware that his wife, Eileen, worked at the college with my wife, Susan. It was not until a few weeks later when we all came together at a faculty party. I am Tony, age 25, and Susan is 39. We first met in college when I was 18 and she was 32. I was a horny teenage accounting major and she was in her first year at the college as an assistant professor of economics. We hit it off like an atom bomb when I took her class in advanced macroeconomics and within two weeks of class beginning I was fucking her daily. It was like every teenage boy's dream happening to me -- an older sexy woman with big tits and an unbelievable pussy for me to fuck. 

If the college had known, Susan would have been shit canned and her career destroyed; and I would probably have been kicked out of an Ivy League university with a ruinous scar on my reputation. It never happened. Susan and I were extremely discreet and I earned the A that I received in her class - whether I was fucking her or not. I was serious about earning my CPA license and one just simply cannot cheat their way to become a CPA. There are too many factors involved that require that you perform at your best, too many mathematical equations and problems to solve, and too many proctored exams. You might be able to hide your incompetence as an English major or Fine Arts major and slide by with a gentleman's C in classes but in Accounting the course work is cumulative and a bad grade in a lower level class just means that you will flunk out of the upper level courses.

After I graduated at the top of my accounting class I went to work for a prestigious local accounting firm. Doing the grunt work for licensed CPA's only increased my hunger to get my own. However, the CPA exam is a two day test given only at specific times of each year. Additionally, the state I live in requires a fifth year of study in order to sit for the exam. After a year of good experience, I left the firm and returned to the university to complete a Master of Accountancy degree. Within weeks of completion of my master's degree I had passed my exam and was now a Certified Public Accountant at the ripe old age of twenty five. I accepted a position with Harrison, Pankhurst, and O'Toole, an established nationwide accounting firm, a position that would require a lot of travel but the starting pay was phenomenal. My starting salary was a little over $75,000 a year with the potential to more than double it in the coming years. Because of my stellar academic record and my CPA exam scores I was on the fast track to a senior level executive position within the firm. Personally, I was planning a future move to one of the Big Four international accounting firms but I was not about to let my new employer know that. Susan was even happier than I was because I earned almost double the salary she earned in her position. 

The first week of my job I was sent to Los Angeles, one of the company's main offices, for training. I spent four weeks there, flying back home to be with Susan every weekend. It was on one of my visits back home during my training that Susan mentioned that the spouse of another faculty member in the School of Business also worked for the same firm. No other mention was made of this fact and I completely forgot about it. During those brief weekends while I was training the main concern I had was where in our house I was going to fuck Susan next. After completing the training I returned to my local office and began my regular assignments. My supervisor, Ed Harrison, was a man in his early 60's, a brilliant guy who was not only a spectacular accountant but also a first rate business manager. He sent me out on a few routine assignments to different parts of the state. Then one morning he called me into his office to tell me that I was being sent to Helena, Montana to do some work for one of the company's top clients. Because I would be working in another state and having had less than a year of experience as a CPA, I would be assisting Mark Caldwell, a more senior level accountant, a man with several years of experience with the Montana client. Ed assured me that assisting Mark would be fantastic experience and that if Mark took me under his wing I would find it much easier to perform more complex job operations. I had never met Mark and was looking forward to it. Ed told me that Mark was completing a job in Charleston, South Carolina and would be in the office the next day.

Mid-morning of the next day Ed called me into his office to introduce me to Mark Caldwell. I knew nothing about him and had no preconceived ideas. I was literally stunned when I saw Caldwell. A tall man around 6'5" smiled at me with the most perfect teeth I have seen in a long time. He was tanned, muscular and fit, and filled out his Armani suit like Adonis. He had salt and pepper hair, mostly salt, and I figured him to be in his late forties or early fifties. His skin was taut and smooth like a young man who had gone prematurely grey. I felt a crunch in my groin. I had not been attracted to another man like this in years. I considered myself to be about 90% straight. 

I leave 10% for gay because in my entire life I had been involved with only two other males, both while in high school. I had fallen into a sexual relationship with David, the quarterback of our football team while we were travelling to compete at the state level. He and I were roomed together in our motel and on the first night David pulled out a couple of marijuana joints and we got high as a kite from them. We ended up in one bed doing almost everything two boys can do to each other in that first night of sex, sucking, rimming, fucking, masturbating. From that motel experience, David became a regular overnight guest at my house where we continued our marijuana and sex. Then David was killed in an auto accident. During my depression over David's death I was consoled by a lineman on our team, Ryan. Ryan's consolation included marijuana and sex and as we giggled and fucked on our high, we discovered that we both had enjoyed an active sex life with David. Ryan became my new best buddy and we continued our liaisons while dating cheerleaders. Ryan was accepted to UCLA on a football scholarship and our relationship ended. I never saw him again but I later heard he had been married and divorced three times before his twenty-fifth birthday. I still laugh about that. I thought Ryan was a fairly smart guy. Obviously, I was wrong.

Pardon my digression and let's get back to Mark Caldwell. Mark was more handsome than any movie star I ever saw and definitely the most beautiful man I had ever personally met. His deep gravel voice just radiated control and sex. I glanced downward as Mark put his hand out to shake mine to avoid his possibly reading my quick attraction to him in my eyes. I knew that my attraction to him would go nowhere and if exposed would certainly derail my career. Mark was wearing a wedding ring on his left hand and my gaydar picked up about as much gayness in Mark Caldwell as one would probably pick up from the King of the Cowboys.

"It's good to meet you, Tony," Mark said. "Ed here has been telling me what a superstar he has managed to hire for us."

"Really, do I get to meet the superstar, too, Ed?" I asked.

Mark and Ed laughed.

"This Montana client, Benson and Carlyle, is a huge mining company. I realize that you have may have limited experience with this type of client but that's going to change quickly. I've been our company's primary accountant with them for several years now and I think you'll really enjoy the change of pace with these people. Ed's secretary has already made arrangements for us to fly out tomorrow morning. Is that okay with you, Tony?" Mark looked at me quizzically as if he really might have expected me to say no.

"What time do I need to be at the airport?" I smiled.

"Hold on, chief. I'll meet you here at the office at 8 in the morning. You may be a shining star but that does not mean that I am gathering up all that paperwork shit on my own to take to the airport. Just don't forget who the senior man is in this arrangement," Mark punched my shoulder teasingly. "I won't make you carry my attaché case but I might ask you to get the coffee for us on occasion."

With that, Mark nodded his head at Ed and left the office. Ed grinned at me.

"Caldwell's a good man, Tony. You can learn a lot from him and I think you'll find that he is no more cocky and arrogant than you are yourself."

Mark and I landed in Montana where a chauffeured car waited for us at the airport. It took us straight to the office of Benson and Carlyle, a multimillion dollar mining operation, and from the moment we walked into their main office I could see it was far more sophisticated than I had expected. We went straight in to the office and our luggage was taken to a local hotel. At the end of the day we were exhausted and I just wanted to get to the hotel. As we went up the elevator Mark asked me if I wanted to join him in the hotel gym for a workout. He assured me this hotel had a fantastic gym weight room for its patrons that could not be surpassed by an outside gym. When we got to our floor I received my first big surprise. Mark and I would be sharing a room. I don't know what I had been thinking, perhaps that a multimillion dollar accounting firm would have gotten each a private room. I expressed my thoughts to Mark. He laughed at me.

"Tony, how do you think this company got to be a multimillion firm? They don't waste a penny and Board of Directors randomly checks all expense accounts. They just figure that two guys who are being sent into the field to work should be working their asses off so hard that they are not going to mind sharing a hotel room together. But if it bothers you so much I'll call the front desk and see if I can get another room." Mark looked at me like he might be a bit insulted as if I rejected him personally instead of the company policy.

I quickly backtracked as I realized that I could be pissing off the man who could be a great mentor for me. Why should I give a damn if we shared a room together? If I got so horny that I couldn't stand it then I could always masturbate in the shower.

"No! That's not necessary, Mark," I insisted. "I just was embarrassed to think that a senior level employee might not be comfortable sharing a room with a lower level grunt like me. I was primarily concerned for you."

"Knock that shit off, Tony. It won't wash with me. I know that you thought you were going to get to fuck a different waitress every night and with the old man in the room then all you can do is jack off in the shower."

I went red in the face in a millisecond and Mark burst into raucous laughter.

"I was right, I knew it!" he crowed. "Well, if you find a hot waitress to fuck, then you will just going to have to share her pussy with me. We'll both fuck her at the same time."

I was a bit shell shocked at his language and cavalier attitude toward sex. I assumed from his ring that he was married and if he had noticed, I also wore a wedding band. Of course, I was no prude about the sex talk between guys but I guess I was thrown by locker room talk with a man that might be old enough to be my father. As we talked, Mark opened one of suitcases, took out his gym clothes and stepped into the bathroom. I decided to change while he was in there. As I changed I could hear him peeing into the toilet clearly enough that it was obvious he had not closed the bathroom door. I quickly changed into shorts, tee shirt, and tennis shoes and when I turned around I saw Mark coming through the bathroom door in the mirror. I had not realized that the mirror gave a perfect view into the entire bathroom from the angle of the beds in the bedroom. Had I only looked I could have seen Mark naked as he changed clothes. In an instant I realized that he had probably seen me naked as I changed into my jock and gym clothes. I tried to remember if I had been at an angle where he might have seen my cock. 

Mark looked like an advertisement for Gentlemen's Quarterly or Abercrombie & Fitch or some famous designer. I normally don't pay much attention to clothes but I could not help but notice that Mark was wearing designer label gym clothes and his leather gym shoes were by Ferragamo. It would never have registered with me had it not been the same brand of shoes worn by my father, a successful attorney/CPA who made around a half million dollars a year and dressed to kill. It was his dream that I would also attend law school and follow in his footsteps. I had been with him to buy clothes and shoes before so I knew that the pair of shoes worn by Mark cost him at least $800. His legs and forearms were covered in dark black hair and tufts of it stuck out from the neck of his tee. The man just radiated sex. He teased me about getting my ass in gear so we could work out before midnight and we left the room.

Mark walked down to the last elevator in the row and then I noticed a sign the last two indicating they opened directly into the gym. When we got to the gym I was surprised at the number of people who had the same idea as us, both male and female. The equipment was the best, gleaming silver and black metal with scarlet plastic covering seats.

"Restrooms are through that door in the back there but don't look for a shower room here, Tony," Mark said. "The hotel only allows its guests in here and with two private elevators to take you back to your room floor, they expect you to change and shower in your room."

I looked around at the beautiful gym. Something seemed out of place but I could not put my finger on it and then it hit me. There was no indication of a pool or sauna in the gym. I asked Mark if I was wrong about my impression.

"No, you're right," he said. "The hotel doesn't have a pool or sauna, just a weight room. Do you mind spotting me on these weights?" he asked.

Mark lay back on a weight bench and inserted the key to select his amount of weight. I nearly choked. The man was lifting 400 pounds. I was praying he was strong enough to maintain because I could never lift that much. I rarely lifted more than 250. I straddled the bench Mark was on and placed my hands where I could grab the weight should it prove too much for him. I quietly prayed that the man was capable of lifting the weight he chose because if I suddenly had to strain to hang on to 400 pounds then Mark was going to be a dead man quick.

As I stood behind him I had a bird's eye view of his magnificent body. The musculature and skin tone was obviously not that of a 20 year old man but it was as good as or better than most men at 35. Mark was indeed a rare specimen. Again I found thinking that the man belonged in the movies or working as a model. He was more handsome than anyone I had ever seen. Those magnificent blue eyes of his were mesmerizing, almost unreal. Never in my life had I encountered a man with such deep blue coloring in his eyes, almost purple. Perhaps this was the violet color that the actress Elizabeth Taylor made so famous. I searched my memory to recall what her eyes looked like but could only bring the vaguest memories of what she had looked like to mind. She was far before my time and I had never seen one of her films. I was only acquainted with her from when she appeared on the cover of a magazine and the fact that my mother adored her. I just was not much of a filmgoer, not much into television either. I was more into an active lifestyle and sports. I could not recall the last time I had actually entered a movie theater, perhaps when a parent or friend had taken me to a movie as a child. Susan and I had never attended a film. She and I shared similar interests.

Suddenly, I felt a hand touch my leg, a light pinch. It was Mark.

"Earth to Tony, earth to Tony," he laughed. "Man, you are totally zoned out here. Have you heard anything I have said to you in the last fifteen minutes? I hope your muscles are not connected to your ears or I am in deep shit."

I went beet red. I could not believe I had totally ignored Mark. I smiled to myself wondering what he would think if he knew that my lost reverie involved my appreciation of his sexy body.

"I'm sorry, Mark, so, so sorry," I apologized. "I was thinking of Martinez file at Benson and Carlyle. When I looked it over today something just did not seem right to me. I'm not sure exactly what is wrong with it but it just is not completely kosher. I'm sure of it."

"Quick save," I thought. But everything I said about the Martinez file was true. I had little bells go off in my head when I reviewed it today. It was just too perfect, almost as if it had been constructed all at one sitting.

Mark sat up and turned to me. "You know, I gave you that file because I was uncomfortable with it, too. I have been doing this too many years not to respect my instincts and I'm relieved to see that you obviously have good instincts also." He stood up and patted me on the shoulder. "You may really have a bright future ahead of you, Tony." Mark laughed as if he felt relief from having had someone else share his concerns without having them pointed out in detail as checkpoints for which to look.

"Your turn with the weights, man," he said to me. "The gym is getting pretty full here. If you plan to lift any tonight you'd best do it now. If we leave this bench someone else will snap it up at once. I've seen six or eight people walk by checking to see if we're done here."

I lay down on the bench. It was warm and damp from Mark's sweat. I told Mark to set me up for 150 pounds. I just was too tired to do anything more.

"A ninety pound weakling, huh?" he laughed and set the weights. 

"Something like that; not all of us can be Mr. Universe like you," I smiled.

"Fuck you, shortstop," Mark snorted.

I laid back and Mark straddled the bench over my head. I grabbed the weight bar and lifted. Then I looked up and was rewarded with a magnificent site that totally improved my day. Above me I could see directly up the legs of Mark's shorts. They were loose from being stretched as he strained to lift his weights and I could see through the thin open weaved mesh of jock strap that seemed to exist only to tease the viewer. Mark's cock was hanging over a big set of balls and his pubic hair stuck through the mesh wildly, thick and black. He cock looked like it was maybe six inches soft but it was the girth that was amazing, the wide huge mushroom head and the girth of the cock itself. The mesh was so thin that I could clearly make out Mark's piss slit and it was clear that he had wet it with some precum. I wanted to rise up right there in the gym and suck his cock in front of everyone. I looked up to see Mark looking down at me. I was busted and Mark just gave me a shit eating grin as if he had arranged all this deliberately but he said nothing.

Next Mark and I ran the track that circled the entire gym on second level balcony that looked down on the people lifting weights. When we had used several other machines for leg lifts, abdominal crunches, and the like, we returned to our room. 

"Do you mind if I shower first?" Mark asked.

"Age before beauty," I smiled. "Feel free. I've got some things to catch up on reading while you're in the shower."

Mark went into the bathroom and closed the door. "Damn," I thought. "I've only just figured out that I could watch him shower naked through the mirror and he has to close the fucking door!"

I sat and read documents until suddenly Mark came out of the bathroom. He was completely naked with his head in his towel as he dried his hair. I was treated to the most beautiful body I had ever seen naked in person in my life. Black hair covered his chest and broke off in to a thin treasure trail that thickened again on his lower stomach and led into the thickest and most luxuriant bush of pubic hair I had seen. His cock was more beautiful than I had envisioned through the mesh of his jock.
