 Hi, my name is Shorty, and I just want to let you know about me. I am 18 and have a small frame weighing about 95 pounds. Some people call me a twink, but I don't know what that means. I grew up as a small Kurdish boy in a nomadic family. Sometimes the older boys and men would take advantage of me, and sometimes my mother dressed me as a girl to protect me when our village was raided. Just so you know, I really am not a queer cum eating faggot. I never dreamt of getting into this lifestyle. 

My present situation started after I got my first job in America as an adult. I worked as a clerk in the office, but sometimes worked in the warehouse. I had become friends with Ben, a large muscular man who worked in the warehouse. I helped him with system problems, and he helped me with inventory issues.

One day I am at my office desk in the presence of 30 or more co-workers. I looked up from my computer and Ben was standing there. He handed me some transaction slips which got no notice from everyone because it was a normal activity. But then he slipped me a piece of paper and whispered for me to read it.

I read it as soon as he left. It seemed to be written as if urgent, but it was a curious request. He wanted to meet me in a warehouse corner bathroom. It was in a part of the warehouse that does not have as much activity. In fact the lights are usually turned down low. It said he needed to talk to me and to go to that bathroom and to the end stall, and sit down with my pants and underwear pulled down like I needed to take a crap.

This was really odd and if it were anyone else I would not have gone. But I trusted Ben and I need a big friend because I am so small. I knew from my childhood that big guy friendships sometimes came at a price.

Soon I was walking back into the warehouse trying to look nonchalant. I found the bathroom in the corner and went to the back stall. I pulled my pants down feeling the damp cool air rush around my naked legs and genitals. My pants fell to my ankles as I sat down on the toilette. I just let them stay down. It felt strange being there with my pants down and no one around. 

After a couple minutes not even hearing foot steps, I heard the bathroom door open. Then the door to my stall, left unlocked as requested, pushed open. Ben was standing in front of me and his crotch was in front of my face. He put a finger to his lips, "Shhhsh, open your mouth," he whispered as I looked up. I looked up to his face and opened my mouth not really knowing what to expect.

Suddenly his dick was in my mouth and his hand was holding my head by the hair. The head of his dick was lying on my tongue. "Suck it," he said.

I really did not want to, but what could I do. He was a lot bigger than me. I did not give consent, but I have to confess that I did open my mouth.

I reluctantly sucked it for a minute, and turned my head causing it to pop out of my mouth.

"Put it back in or I will slap the shit out of you."

I let Ben's dick back into my mouth. It was growing larger and the head of it went to the back of my throat. He pulled the shaft out until the head was left at the front of my mouth. "Lick the head, tongue-fuck my pee hole, and you better taste it and enjoy it."

I submitted to his commands. I licked every part of his dick head, the crown, the flange, the cum vein, and the shaft. I developed a taste for each part, and learned to tease each part, blowing my breath on it to tease it and make it harder.

Ben seemed pleased and focused on pumping his cock in my mouth. "Squeeze your lips on it."

"Lick down my shaft all the way down between the balls, and reach your tongue as far back as you can," Ben said. "Take my balls in your mouth and let the dry pubic hairs tickle all the insides of your mouth."

I tasted his ball sack, and behind his balls. It was good. I felt his hairy balls all in my mouth, and sucked them. It was my first time to suck balls. I must confess, I liked all this but did not know why. Maybe it was the thrill of secrecy in public doing this.

Ben reached down my front and cupped my dick and ball sack in one hand. "Let me see this little goodie," he said. 

I felt his hand manipulate my cock and balls, caress my crotch back to my ass crack, and I felt his finger rest on my anus. He pressed on it for a minute but did not push it in. He dragged his hand up my crotch and cupped my balls, then grabbing my cock said for me to make it hard. It had gotten a little heavy while he manipulated it, but now it began to get hard.

He put his finger in my mouth, "Clean it," he said, "now suck my dick some more." His dick was back in my mouth but seemed more intense. "Let it go to the back of your throat, and when it goes back to the front lick and suck the head."

I concentrated so much on doing what he said, I had forgotten to think about what could happen.

Soon there was more slick saltiness at his pee hole, then suddenly he held my head more firmly, and put his dick head at the front of my tongue saying, "Yeah, right there." Before I realized it, cum was shooting in my mouth and a good serving of it rested on my tongue.

"Keep it on your tongue for a few minutes. I want you to enjoy the taste, and the feel of it. Swish a little of it on my dick head, and suck it back onto your tongue. Take your time and enjoy it."

"Open your mouth and show it to me before you swallow my cum."

It was a big load, and I swallowed it in a big lump, but it slid down coating my throat, and I had to swallow several times. For the rest of the morning, every time I swallowed from a drink, I had to swallow in gulps because his cum seemed to stick in my throat.

"Stand up and let me see that ass."

I stood up and turned around for him, and he cupped an ass cheek in each hand, squeezing and fondling, running a finger up and down my crack, spreading my cheeks and watching them bounce back, and quietly slapping and spanking them watching them bounce. Ben caressed my ass crack again, and let his hand run across my ass hole and along my crotch to my balls, caressing them individually and then the whole nut sack.

He turned me back around, "let me see that goodie again." He fondled my genitals again, and said, "Now jack yourself off in your hand and let me see you eat your cum."

It was humiliating but fun after all. I did what he said. It didn't take too long for me to cum in my hand, and he watched me lick and suck it off my hand.

He turned around for me to kiss and lick his ass all over, and up and down his crack. The taste of his butt cheeks, ass crack, perineum below the balls, and rimming the asshole was fascinating and grew on me.

"Here Shorty," he put a quarter in my shirt pocket, and he let me leave first, staying behind so if anyone saw us leaving it wouldn't be suspicious. Now I wonder since he put the quarter in my pocket, did that make me a whore?

We repeated this session several times that week. Then one day he had me bend over the toilette with my pants at my ankles, my knees spread by the toilette seat and my head resting on the toilette tank. This position caused me to arch my back a little. I wondered why he wanted me to do this. He started feeling of my butt again and I thought this was the reason. But then I felt him squirt something down my ass crack, and felt him touch my asshole. I had let him touch it before but now he was pressing the finger in. 

It was lube he had squirted and he fingered it into my asshole. He went slow and gentle, and it felt good after all. It was very erotic to me. I never realized I had such a fetish. He kept this up for a while and then added more lube and another finger. I felt my asshole stretching and accommodating. "Relax," he kept saying.

He played with my asshole for quite a while, then he said, "Stay quiet."

Soon I felt him nudging my asshole, pushing on it. Slowly and gently he did it.

Before I realized it the head of his cock was in my ass and I could feel my asshole closing on his shaft. He stayed slow and gentle but I could feel an urgency. I found a rhythm of squeezing my asshole while he was pushing in and out bareback. He had used a lot of lube and it made a difference, because my asshole was never used in this way. I felt him tense up, and I squeezed as he pressed in. I could feel his cock throbbing, and then I felt him pumping and that is when I actually felt the warm squirts inside of me.

When he invited me to his apartment I got drunk, and he fucked me in many positions. I liked the one where I wrapped my legs around his back and held his ass, as he fucked me.

I took a shower, and he had me stay nude while I cleaned his apartment, did his clothes and made dinner.

Sometimes he didn't want me totally nude, so he bought me some panties. But I wasn't a cross dresser, until maybe when he made me wear a skirt, high heels, panties and blouse to an adult porn store, where he fluffed my skirt showing my ass in exhibition. I had never had my bottom fondled up skirt so much in a public store before from other horny patrons. Several guys managed to slip a finger in my asshole. It was my first time being finger fucked in a public store.

I never got embarrassed until he had some friends over and invited them in while I was naked sucking his dick in the living room. I felt humiliated but got over it, and started to enjoy being nude in front of others. I loved sucking his cock in public view, and getting anal fucked on the balcony, while cars and pedestrians passed below. One lady neighbor liked watching my exhibitionist cock sucking from her balcony, and seemed to enjoy it when I took off my panties and bent over to get fucked in the ass.

So that is my confession and story, but I am not gay.

***

To see my other listings click on Alluring_Crimson_Shifter below and enjoy!

***