 I was up early the next day and walked around the property, looking at the good job the boys had done so far. They had cleared away most of the pine cones but under the pine cones was a layer of tree branches, mostly small but a few would need a chainsaw to make them manageable.

As I started up the steps of my porch, I heard tires crunching on the gravel drive. It was Mike in his truck.

He climbed out of his truck, saw me, and walked my way. We said, "Good morning," to each other and I asked what happened to Mark.

"His truck broke down, Mr. Jim, while we was comin' over here. He was waiting for a tow truck to come get him. I don't know if he'll make it over here today or not. He'll call me on his cell when he knows something."

"Well, Mike, it's gonna be hot again today. I don't want you to pass out in the heat. There's plenty to drink in the fridge. Just help yourself."

"Thanks, Mr. Jim." He turned to get started. I watched him walk back to his truck and wondered if I could somehow get to suck his dick like I did for his friend Mark. The memory of Mike squirting eleven times while Mark jerked him off was fresh in my mind. The distance his cum squirted was impressive and I wondered what that would feel like in my mouth. I felt my cock stir and I went up the steps and into the house.

After washing the breakfast dishes, I turned on the TV to see if I could find a movie worth watching. A western movie was just starting and I lay on the couch to watch it. I dozed off and was wakened by a tremendous boom. I realized it was thunder. Then rain started drumming on the metal roof of my house.

The front door opened and Mike came in. Rain and his own sweat soaked him.

"Damn! Mr. Jim. Today just ain't my day." he said with a crooked smile.

"It'll probably pass over in a few minutes, Mike. Let me check the radar map on my computer." I went to my bedroom and got the weather site on. The radar map showed rain all over the state. I zoomed out and the green blotch of rain covered an area three states wide. Mike was standing at the bedroom door and I motioned for him to take a look.

"Jesus!" he said. "Where the hell did that come from? It was supposed to clear today."

"The weatherman was wrong again," I quipped.

"Shit!" he said. Then, "I'd better check on Mark and go home."

Mike took out his cell phone, pressed a button, and held it to his ear. "Mark, it's me. How you doing with your truck? Oh. Okay, I'll see you in a little bit."

"Sorry about that, Mr. Jim, I guess I might as well go home."

I nodded and said, "What's up with Mark's truck?"

"They got it fixed and he was on his way over here when the rain started, so he headed for the trailer."

"Well, Mike, tomorrow's another day."

I watched him run through the rain to his truck. He stopped suddenly, looked at the front tire, and banged his fist on the fender. He turned and stalked back to the house.

"What's wrong Mike?"

"Now I got a goddamned fucking flat tire."

I looked at his truck and it was barely visible in the downpour.

"Let's get you dried up. Come on. I led the way back to my bedroom, opened a drawer and found a cotton kimono. You can wear this while your clothes are in the dryer. You might as well take a hot shower, too. There's clean towels in the bathroom."

When I heard the shower going, I went in the bathroom and picked up Mike's clothes from where he dropped them and tossed them into the washing machine.

The clock on the wall said 1:00PM. I stood on the porch watching the rain. At least it cooled things down, I thought.

Mike appeared beside me wearing the kimono. "Feel better?" I asked.

He frowned and shrugged.

"Mike, I found out that when you're having a bad day, the best thing you can do is have a drink or two and just lay low."

"I guess," he said.

"Come on, I was gonna have a drink myself, and I think you could use one."

He followed me inside and I waved him to a seat on the couch. I took a bottle of sour mash and two glasses from a cabinet and poured three fingers of booze into each. Mike tossed his down in two swallows and I sipped a little from mine. The TV was on but the sound was turned down.

Mike was telling me about the plan he and Mark had to make enough pocket money to last them through a year. They were both on scholarships and wanted to earn money for gas, clothes, and everything else not covered by the scholarship. He picked up his glass with a question on his face and I told him to help himself.

The first drink had soaked into him and he was visibly more relaxed, and even smiled. He poured three fingers into his glass and followed my example of sipping the whiskey.

"You know, Mr. Jim, Mark said you've got some real hot porn on your computer." It was really a question.

"Sure. You want to see?"

He nodded with enthusiasm and we went back to my bedroom. I took my swivel-chair seat at the computer and Mike sat on the corner of my bed where Mark sat the day before. He could look over my shoulder and see the action on the big screen as well as I.

I had a play list of over a thousand clips of full-length movies and shorter clips of a minute or more in length. I started it running on "random selections." 

The first clip was an older man in his fifties jerking off and squirting a pretty hefty load. The next was the same except the squirting dick belonged to a guy Mike's age.

After that was a clip of an older man licking a younger man's asshole before fucking his ass bareback.

I sensed movement behind me. When I looked, I saw Mike leaning back on his elbows. The kimono he was wearing had fallen open, exposing Mike's hairy cock and balls. His cock was hard, and leaking pre-cum.

I took a sip of my whiskey and met Mikes eyes over the rim of my glass. I saw his glass was empty, sitting safely at arms reach on the bed.

"Mark told me what you did yesterday."

"What was that?" I asked, grinning at him. I shifted my gaze to his delicious looking private parts.

"You know. He said you gave him his first blowjob."

"I can't believe it was his first one."

"It was. We grew up together. I would know."

"You mean, Mike, that you two never did anything together?"

"We just jerk each other off. That's all, Mr. Jim."

"So you've never had a blowjob either?"

"Not until last night. While we were talking about you blowing him, and the way he said it felt so good, we wound up sucking each other off."

Mike was obviously feeling the two stiff drinks he had so I dismissed the thought of refilling his glass. I didn't want him drunk. My mouth was watering for his cock.

"So you gave Mark his second blowjob and now you want me to give you your second blowjob."

"It would really be my third; we sucked each other twice."

"How'd you like it? Sucking I mean."

"I really liked it. There's a lot of shit in the chat rooms and forums about how bad cum tastes and I guess that's why we didn't do more than give each other hand jobs."

"Just let me know when you're ready."

He put his hand around his stiff cock and said, "I came here ready."

I swiveled my chair to face him, then lowered my head and took his cock into my mouth. I heard Mike gasp when my lips closed around his shaft. He smelled clean, like cool water. I sucked his young cock for a few minutes until I sensed he was close to cumming.

Then I took his legs behind the knees and pushed up to roll him backward and expose his balls and asshole. There were hairs scattered around on his sack and his hole was lined on both sides with strips of fine, dark hair.

I sucked one of his balls into my mouth and rolled it around with my tongue.

"Oh God!" Mike whispered.

After a couple of minutes, I let that nut slip out and took the other in and gave it the same loving treatment. Mike, flat on his back with his smooth legs in the air, moaned in pleasure. 

I pushed his legs back a little more and touched his ass hole with the tip of my tongue.

"Oh, yeah," whispered Mike.

I began licking his hole with flat of my tongue. I even pressed my lips to his furry hole and kissed it and gave it some tongue. Then I shifted my attention to the hairy strip between the back of his balls and his ass hole. He had a furrow down the centerline that made it look a lot like a hairy pussy. His ball sack rested on my nose while I licked the furrow, one nut on each side of my nose. I licked and licked and then moved back to eating his ass.

I made my tongue into a point and tried pushing it into him, but his (probably) virgin ass was too tight. Mike was murmuring his approval. I wet my middle finger with my mouth and pressed it to his anal ring. To my surprise, my finger slipped all the way into him. I pulled my finger back and pushed it back in. It was fascinating to watch my finger disappear into his anus. I wondered if my cock would go in as easily.

It was the first time I had done anything like this. I learned about it watching porn. After my finger stroked in and out of him about a dozen times, I noticed his balls draw up and his anal orifice clenched down very tightly around my finger.

With my finger firmly held by his clenching ass hole I moved my head up and saw the first stream of semen fly from the tip of his cock. I followed its trajectory and saw it land in his hair. The second squirt landed right beside the first.

Moving quickly, I had my open mouth poised over the head of his cock and felt the third shot hit my lower lip. I got my lips closed around the head of his ejaculating cock and was rewarded with nine more powerful spurts of Mike's semen skidding across my tongue. I swallowed each one as it jetted into my mouth. His thick cream had a mild, pleasant taste. The last two or three shots had less force behind them and I let them puddle on my tongue so I could savor the taste. When I felt his ass hole release its grip on my finger, I knew his orgasm was over.

I let his cock slip out of my mouth and held it in my hand. A white drop of Mike's semen appeared at his piss slit. I licked it off adding to what was already in my mouth.

Mike's body was totally limp and breathing hard. A sheen of sweat made his smooth, heaving chest seem to glow. I saw the two thin streaks of semen on his cheek pointing the way to the heavy drops in his hair. While Mike was catching his breath, I lay on top of him and licked his cum off his cheeks and hair. While I was cleaning up Mike surprised me by kissing my neck

"Thank you Mr. Jim," he said softly

After a few moments, Mike sat up with a huge grin. "Wow! Mr. Jim."

I swallowed what was left of his cum before I spoke. "I wonder who enjoyed that more? Me or you?"