 I had just spent a most enjoyable half hour or so sucking and licking Mike's genitals and his ass hole. I swallowed what was left in my mouth of Mikes cum before I spoke. "I wonder who enjoyed that more, you or me?"

"I know I liked it. A lot!" the slender nineteen year-old said.

"Anytime you want me to do it Mike...."

"Now I owe you a blowjob." Mike said.

"It's not necessary. I loved doing it for you."

"Mark feels like owes you a blowjob, too," Mike said

It was a real pleasure for me to give blowjobs to these two nineteen-year-old. They smelled good and they tasted good. And they enjoyed my blowjobs as much as I enjoyed giving them.

And now they were blowing each other.

Anal sex hadn't even been mentioned yet. My finger went into Mike's back door with surprising ease when I was sucking his cock and balls. And I knew from his moaning that he enjoyed that. Actually, he began having his orgasm without having his cock in my mouth. I was finger fucking his ass when his beautiful cock started squirting. My mouth was nowhere near his cock.

Also, they were respectful to me. I am sixty-eight and they are both nineteen and they didn't seem repelled by having their dicks sucked by an old man. After they finished removing the windfall in my yard, they would be gone, probably forever.

I would let them blow me if they felt the "owed" me. Would they take to ass-fucking as they had to cock-sucking? 

Mike sat close to me and said with a cute smile, "Mr. Jim, you know what?"

"What?"

"I never even seen your cock yet." 

"You can see it whenever you like. Just take it out of my pants," I could feel my cock begin to harden.

Tentatively at first, Mike fumbled with the front of my pants until he found the tab for the zipper and pulled it down. I wondered what he had in mind.

He reached into my open fly and brought out my now fully hard cock. He mouthed the word, "Wow."

My cock was 9 inches and uncut and this nineteen-year-old kid held it in both his warm hands. There was no doubt in my mind that my cock was going to be shooting its goo in the next few minutes.

He looked at me with eager-to-please eyes. I noticed for the first time how long his eyelashes were. "I can pay you back for that blowjob now, if you want, Mr. Jim." 

His hands felt so good in his long, slender fingers; I would have been happy with a hand job--which is what he was doing now without realizing it. He took one hand away and rested it on my thigh while enjoying the way my cock felt in his hand. My motor was really running now. While I hadn't reached the point of no return, I was getting there quickly. A large drop of clear fluid emerged from the eye of my cock. Mike leaned over and licked it off.

"Okay," I said. "If you're going to blow me, do it right and get on your knees between my legs."

"Yessir," he said and got right down on his knees between my legs. 

I watched Mike put my old man's hard cock into his mouth. He could only take three or four inches but that was enough. His mouth was extremely wet and smooth. I knew he would be between my legs for maybe ten minutes before I flooded his mouth. 

Then he stopped sucking me and asked, "can you take your pants off, Mr. Jim?" I'd like to try sucking your balls."

He didn't have to ask twice. I stood up and shucked down my pants and underwear in one quick movement. Then I kicked the clothes aside and sat down with my feet on the edge of the couch cushion. This gave him easier access to my nuts and my asshole if he wanted to lick it. 

Once I was in position, young Mike put his face in my crotch and I felt his tongue on my scrotum. He licked all around my ball sack and I felt his tongue touch my ass hole. I adjusted my position to make it easier for him to lick my ass.

Mike did a good job sucking and licking my balls and did even better tonguing my hole. Pre-cum was leaking out of the tip of my cock. A shiny stream of it ran down the length of my shaft and disappeared into my pubic bush. I remembered how easily my spit-wet finger slid into his ass and I wondered if my cock would enter him as easily. Of course I would use lube.

As good a job as he was doing in my crotch, I considered asking him if he would like to get his ass fucked. He had a perfect bubble-butt, white and without a blemish. When I was eating his ass earlier, I wanted to plant wet kisses on every inch of his behind. While I turned this over in my mind, I felt one of Mike's long, slender fingers pushing into my hole. It didn't hurt but it was slightly uncomfortable.

Use a little more spit on your finger, Mike.

He gave me a shy, "I'm sorry," look, and quickly wet his finger with his mouth and gave an extra wet lick to my asshole. His finger didn't go into me as easily as my finger had gone into him, but it wasn't uncomfortable and after a few moments it began to feel pretty good. He kept finger-fucking me as he took my cock back into his mouth.

He sucked my cock in steady slow strokes. In a short while I felt my orgasm building. His eyes with the long lashes were closed and face looked so innocent--even angelic--as his lips slipped up and down, up and down, on my old man's nine inch cock. Mikes warm and wet mouth finally did the trick and an enormous wave of orgasm swept over me.

I was watching Mikes face when my cum started gushing into his mouth. His eyes squinched shut, and he kept only the head of my cock in his mouth while my heavy cream flooded his mouth. When I was finished, Mike looked up and met my eyes. He slackened the grip his lips had on my penis and I watched as the white stuff flowed from his mouth and ran down the length of my shaft.

He sat back on his haunches, licked his lips and looked at me expectantly.

"You didn't like the way my cum tasted did you?" I said kindly. "I watched your face while I was squirting."

"I couldn't help it Mr. Jim. Your cum tastes a whole lot different than Mark's."

"Well, You gave me a damn good blowjob. Next time you can finish me off with your hand."

Mike nodded, thoughtfully, as if he thought it would be best.

"Maybe I should have stuck my dick in your ass, Mike," I said half jokingly.

"Not like that," he said, pointing at my deflating cock and grinning."

"But if it was hard?" I pursued.

"Mark is always wanting to fuck me in the ass. I won't let him."

"You seemed to like it when I had my finger in your ass."

"Yeah, I liked that."

"Don't you think a cock would feel better?"

"Come on, Mr. Jim. Your cock would split me wide open."

"Okay, Mike," I said getting up on my feet. "I think I'll have a drink. You?"

Still on his knees, Mike nodded a "Yes." 

I got the glasses from my bedroom, rinsed them, and poured the drinks.

Mike got off the floor and sat in an easy chair that faced the couch. His kimono was wide open and he sat spread-legged, his cock pointing at the ceiling. I was tempted to suck him off again, but something told me to wait.

We sipped our whiskeys in a comfortable silence. The only sound was the drumming of the rain on the roof. Mike seemed deep in thought and I wondered what he was thinking. I was watching with interest, his hard-on deflate, very, very slowly until it came to rest on his ball-sack. The thought came to me that he was probably unaware of how good looking and sexually desirable he was. His glass was empty and I gave him a refill and topped off mine. He smiled his thanks and went back into his thoughts.

I got up to take a piss and when I returned, Mike asked, "Mr. Jim, did you ever get fucked in the ass?"

"Sure, Mike. If it's done carefully, it can feel pretty good. Why do you ask? Do you want to fuck me?"

"I never did that before, Mr. Jim. I'd like to try it." Mike, I saw, was a little tipsy.

"Lets go to the bedroom," I said.

Mike got to his feet a little unsteadily and followed me to my bedroom. In the few seconds it took to get there, Mike's cock was rock hard again. I remembered when I could do that a million tears ago.

I gave Mike my quick course in preparing to butt-fuck your buddy. Rim ass hole first, then insert one lubed finger followed by inserting a second finger, followed by easing your lubed dick into the hole.

He was an eager student and a quick learner.

My preferred position in which to get fucked is with me laying on my stomach, and I did so, reaching behind myself to spread my cheeks.

Mike mounted me and I felt him slowly enter me. When he got the head of his cock past my anal ring, the rest of him followed quickly. "Mmm," is what I heard from him. He started pumping his cock in and out of my ass. I started humping my ass up to meet his thrusts. He lasted about two minutes. As his cock squirted semen into my ass, he was laying flat atop me, making animal sounding grunts behind my ear. He let out a long sigh and I felt his body go limp as it lay on mine. In a while, he rolled off of me saying, "Mr. Jim. Oh, wow!"

I shifted a little to face him, gazing at his smooth, fresh, angelic face. Without thinking about it, I kissed him full on the lips and was thrilled to feel his tongue slip into my mouth. Then suddenly he broke away and sat up. "Mr. Jim, I'm not queer." he announced.

"Of course you're not, Mike. You're a healthy young male just getting his rocks off. There's millions of guys your age who do the same thing. Don't worry about it."

He left the room in a hurry and I followed. He punched a speed dial button on his cell phone and spoke to Mark, inviting him over. While he spoke, I felt something wet high up on my inner thigh, trickling downward. Mikes semen was leaking out of my ass.

"We'd better rinse off in the shower, Mike, before Mark gets here."