 All characters are above the age of eighteen. Let me know if I should continue or drop. Thanks, enjoy!

*****

Throughout Highschool me and my friend Alex would skate after school everyday. We would push each other to get better and better everyday and we became great friends because of it. It was like our daily routine. 

Towards the end of senior year Alex started working out a couple times a week after school instead of skating with me. 

He tried to get me to work out with him but I wasn't that into it. Even though me and Alex didn't skate as much we were still great friends. Alex and I hung out everyday. 

I tried to get him to skate but he wouldn't do it just like I wouldn't work out. To enjoy what we both wanted to do he would work out in his garage with his garage door open and I would skate in front of his house. 

We continued to do this everyday. Alex got buffer because of it and I was getting better at skating because of it. 

Over the summer is when I realized I was gay. I started to enjoy looking at pictures of shirtless buff men. At first I tried to stop the gay thoughts but I soon came to terms with them since I knew they wouldn't stop.

I tried not to look at Alex in the same way but it was hard. He would often work out with his shirt off and it was always very hard not to look at his sweaty body, but I was able to control myself. That's when things started to change.

Alex got a girlfriend named Sarah. She was a very nice girl and I could see why Alex liked her. They started going to parties together, getting drunk, and taking pills.

I don't think Sarah was that type of girl so I'm pretty sure Alex smoothed talked her into taking them with him. Eventually one night Alex and Sarah lost their virginity to each other.

Alex would often bragg to me how good it felt and stuff like that and I would get jealous, but I would keep those emotions inside to protect our friendship. 

Seeing them so happy together often made me sad. I wanted that happiness too. Eventually Sarah noticed that I was upset about something. I wouldn't tell them what I was sad about, I was acting like nothing was wrong. 

Since my eighteenth birthday was last week and I didn't do anything they made me go with them to a party to cheer me up.

When we got to the party I saw a couple people I knew and a couple upperclassmen that I thought were hot from my school. One of them being Andy Lodero. 

He was about everything I found attractive. He was tall with a full beard, big chest, and hairy legs. He was liked by everyone in the school because he was the schools football teams quarter back.

Also he was one of the nicest guys around. I was so caught up in checking him out when I looked up Alex and Sarah disappeared into the crowd so I was like a lost puppy.

I found where the beer was and just hung around there. Everybody was caught up in the party. Some seemed drunk out of there minds and others seemed high as a kite.

I was drinking my second beer when a girl that I recognized from my school came up to me.

"Hey, I'm Janette." she said to me a little slurred.

"What's up, I'm Mark." I said to her.

"Wanna come sit with me and my friends? You look lonely."

I hesitated at first then I thought what the heck and said,

"Sure."

She grabbed my hand and pulled me into the crowd of people. We kept walking through the crowd until we made it to the living room. There was a small group sitting and standing around the couch. 

"Hey guys this is Mark, he's gonna chill with us." 

Janette said to her friends. One of the guys in the group said to me,

"You smoke?"

"Yea." I lied.

"Here hit this" 

I luckily just saw how he hit it so I mimicked his actions. When I inhaled my lungs were immediately on fire and I was coughing my lungs out.

The small group began laughing at me and told me I just hit spice. I didn't know what that was but I didn't like the sound of it so I quickly got up and theft the group.

I couldn't stop coughing and my eyes began tearing. I tripped through a doorway and fell onto the grass in the back yard. I gripped the grass as I continued to cough my lungs out. 

"Mark what happened? Here drink this." Alex's voice said.

I looked up and was looking in his eyes. I took the drink from his hand and quickly took a chug. It was water. Finally I was able to breath, but I couldn't think or stand straight. 

"C'mon, I'll take you home buddy." he said,

On our way to his car I don't know what went through my head but I said,

"I've - I've always thought you were so hot."

Suddenly we stopped walking and he said,

"What did you just say?" 

I looked up at him in the eye and said,

"I'm gay" slurred.

Alex didn't say anything so I continued,

"Your the first person I've told. I trust you-"

I was cut off by Alex's fist colliding with my nose. I fell to the floor gripping my nose crying silently. 

"Stay the fuck away from me you fucking faggot!" Alex yelled and stormed off.

When he said that some people around the party caught on to what was going on. They pulled out there phones taking videos and pictures of me spiced out, crying on the floor with a bloody nose.

People were calling me a faggot and throwing there drinks at me laughing loudly.

I just sat there and continued to cry high out of my mind. Somebody pulled me up to my feet and helped me walk away from the party. 

I was to high and busy crying to care. I was leaned up against a car and heard keys shuffling then i heard the keys hit the floor.

"Darn!"

I heard and recognized the voice to be Sarah's. She picked up the keys and opened her car.

"C'mon Mark get in." she said.

Once I was in the car I laid my head back and immediately fell asleep. I woke up in the middle of the night really disoriented. I stood up to walk to the restroom but walked straight into a wall.

"Ow, what the fuck.."

I realized I wasn't in my house and the whole night came rushing back to me. My life is over I thought. Everyone must know already what happened at that party. I pulled out my phone and checked instagram.

I had so many notifications, the most I've ever had at one time. People commenting horrible things about me on videos of me at the party.

I just turned my screen off and put my face in my hands. I started to cry. I guess my sniffling woke up Sarah in the next room because she sat down next to me and put her arm around me.

"It's ok Mark. Don't let all those dumb kids get to you."

I looked Sarah in the eye. 

"Thanks Sarah, I really appreciate it..."

I said sounding horrible. We sat there for a little longer until I said,

"I should go, I don't want my parents to worry."

"Are you sure? You could spend the night if you want."

"No Ill walk home. Thank you Sarah. I really appreciate you being so nice to me, bye."

With that I walked out of her house and started walking to mine. It was about 6 blocks away. The whole walk I was thinking how being outed was gonna effect my life. All the outcomes were not good.

When I got to my house it was 4:47 am. I quietly walked into my house hoping to not wake my parents. I didn't.

I got to my room quietly and looked at the posts online again for a little while. I turned off my phone and went to sleep.

I woke up around 2:00pm. Thank god it was Saturday. I was dreading going back to school so much. It was gonna be horrible, no doubt. I'm just really trying not to think about any of it right now. I got up and took a shower.

I put on some fresh clothes and got ready to go skate. I hadn't skated in a couple of days so I was feeling good. Well at least my body was, of course except for my nose. I was planning on going to a little deserted ghetto skate park. 

There was a couple people that are always there and I'm really cool with them. I want to talk to someone as if my life hasn't been shattered. I walked downstairs to the kitchen and my mom was making breakfast.

"Morning Mark. Want some breakfast?"

"Yes please." 

She served me a plate of eggs, sausage, and bacon. Thank God it seemed like she didn't know what happened. If she didn't know my dad didn't know.

I don't know why I was thinking they would know, I'm just paranoid. My mom tells my dad everything, vice versa. I started eating when my dad walked into the kitchen.

"Morning honey."

He said to my Mom and gave her a kiss on the cheek.

"Morning Mark. What time did you get back last night?" He said sitting at the table.

"Around 12." I said probably a little to quick. 

"Really? Then what was all that noise in the morning around 4?" He said with raised eyebrows.

I knew I was caught already so I just told him.

"I was at a party and got home late."

My dad looked at me sternly,

"well don't do it again."

"Yes sir."

I ate my breakfast with my parents while they talked to each other. When I finished I put my plate in the sink, said by and walked out the house.

So I started skating towards the park. To get there I had to pass by Alex's house. Passing by I could see his garage door open and his workout equipment but no Alex.

I got to the park about 10 minutes later and saw that there were a couple locals. I skated up to them to say what's up.

"Yo, what's up?"

None of them looked at me except one. 

"Why the fuck are you talking to us you fucking faggot?"

I just looked at them shocked for second. 

"Are you fucking deaf!?"

He said and stood up. 

"No, no my bad."

I said and got on board and skated away. Best to just avoid any beating I can. After that happened I didn't feel like skating anymore so I headed home sad again. 

Passing by Alex's house I saw him working out but he was facing the other way so I was sure he couldn't see me. Then I noticed the mirror and that's when he turned and saw me. 

"Hey!" He yelled.

I turned from him and skated home as fast as I could. I didn't know what Alex wanted but how he reacted the night before made me not want to know.

When Monday came around I desperately did not want to go to school. There's was no way I could avoid it though, so I went. 

Through out the day I got nothing but stares and insults from the other students. Not one person made an effort to talk to me. I just ignored everyone and did my work to get the day done. 

When the last bell of the day rang for us to leave I quickly got up to leave. I headed for my bus not looking at anyone just focused on going home.

I had my headphones on so I could drown out all the other students. When I was walking through my schools courtyard to get to the buses someone grabbed my shoulder turned me around and punched me in the face. I fell to the floor holding my nose in pain. I looked up and it was Alex. 

"Don't ever fucking walk by my house again!" 

Immediately I got up and ran to prevent and further damage. He didn't chase me. I got on the bus and went to the way back. My nose was hurting badly, somehow it wasn't bleeding. 

When I got home my dad was sitting in the living room with the house phone in his hand. He was just starting at the carpet not moving. I slowly walked up to him,

"Dad, are you alright?"

He slowly looked up at me with a strange look in his eye. Then he said, 

"Your friend Alex called."

I just stood there shocked. He was starting me in the eye. I knew I had to say something. 

"Dad i-"

He stood up and slapped me hard making me fall to the ground. 

"Don't fucking call me that! I'm not your dad."

He said that and walked to the front door with his car keys. Before he walked out he turned and said,

"You better not be here when I get back!"

Then he slammed the door and left. I had no idea when he would be back. So I immediately went and packed a bag. I had saved up 100$ recently for a new skateboard, but now I had to use it for this. 

When I was all packed up I looked at my skateboard and wondered if I should take it. I loved skateboarding, but at the moment I did not see any good coming out of it so I left it behind.

I walked out my house with a back pack full of clothes and my toothbrush, I turned around and looked at my house. I tear came to my eye and fell. I turned and just started walking. I had no idea where I was going.

I walked for maybe 6 hours when I saw a small diner. My legs were killing me. I walked in and sat at the bar with only one other guy. A waitress came up to me, 

"Hi, I'm Annie I'll be your waitress tonight. What'll it be?"

"Can I have a hamburger with some fries?"

"Of course sweet heart. It's the best burger around, it'll be right up."

She walked off towards the kitchen. I was thinking about my situation. The thought of what my dad said to me made my eyes water. I wiped my eyes. 

"Something wrong bud?" 

The mans rough deep voice said to me. I looked at him and couldn't help but stare for a second. He was handsome. Nice smooth tan skin. Full dark beard. Deep brown eyes.

"like what you see?"

He said to me with a grin. I blushed and looked down at my hands. 

"Sorry, and thanks I'm fine."

"No harm done and the bruising on your face says otherwise. You look a little young to be at this diner so late all by yourself."

The waitress gave me my burger and fries. When he said that i realized how dangerous this is talking to a stranger. He didn't seem to be any harm and the waitress seemed to know him well.

"yea, I ran away from home..."

"Oh," 

He moved in the seat right next to me.

"So where you headed?"

I looked down at my plate.

"No place to go huh?"

"No..."

We ate in silence after that. When I was done I got up and started walking to the door. I walked out and the bell rang. I took a deep breath and exhaled. I just started walking again.

After walking a good 30 minutes I heard a motorcycle passing by on the road. It passed me and then it's red taillight brightened up.

It was stopping. I didn't know what to do. It could be someone ready to mug me or something. I didn't want to risk it so I turned and headed the other direction. I was walking fast to get away. Then they honked. I didn't turn around.

"Mark!"

I heard faintly. My stomach dropped. I couldn't hear the voice to good so I didn't who it was. I didn't know anyone who rode a motorcycle. 

Who could this be I thought. I heard the motorcycle start up again and it sounded like it was getting closer. I was really scared know. The bike pulled up next to me quicker than I though it would and it scared me. 

The bike stopped and I looked at who was on it. It was that guy Eddie. He stopped the bike. 

"C'mon Mark ill give you a ride."

I just looked at him with wide eyes. He was even hotter then at the diner. He was a big man with a lot of nice soft but hard muscle, if that makes any sense. 

"Don't be scared Mark it's just a bike."

I had to say something,

"um.. I don't know if I should.."

"Oh c'mon Mark I'm a good guy I won't hurt you."

I looked at him in the eye for a couple seconds. The fact that he said I won't hurt you made it a little scarier. He was so sexy on his motorcycle. I didn't have no where else to go and my legs were killing me.

"C'mon Mark I bet your legs are killing you by know."

It was like he read my mind.

"Fine." 

He reached into the bag on the side of his bike and pulled out a helmet.

"Here put this on."

I did what he said.

"Now climb aboard."

He said with a smile. I had to put one hand on his strong shoulder to get on. When I sat I realized how close we had to be for this. My crotch was against the top of his butt. 

"you can either hold on to the handles on the sides or wrap your arms around me."

His rough voice said.

I chose the handles. When he started the bike it started vibrating under me. I immediately regretted getting on the bike. 

Being this close to Eddie and the vibrating bike was making my pants tight. I hoped that he couldn't feel my growing boner.

We started moving and it felt like was gonna fall off the bike. I thought Eddie would stop but we started going faster. The faster we went the more I was slipping. I decided I rather hold on to Eddie than fall off the bike. 

When I wrapped my arms around him my head immediately layed on his strong muscled back. This only made me harder. His body started bouncing like he was laughing and he scooted back a little.

I was extremely embarrassed. I smiled and enjoyed the warmth of his body and the wind in my hair. I didn't know where we were even going.

I started looking at the signs passing by and they told me that we were headed back to the city. I hoped that we weren't going back to my area. We were driving awhile.

Turns out we just headed to the next town over. I always thought riding a motorcycle would be scary but it actually feels really good. Holding on to this mans strong wide back was heaven to me.

I didn't want to let go when we stopped but knew I had to. My boner was still hard, I hoped it wasn't visible. I got off the bike and quickly adjusted my pants before he could see.

He got off and laughed and said,

"Someone enjoyed the ride. Judging by that little something poking me in the back." 

I looked at my shoes horribly embarrassed. He laughed deeply.

"Don't be embarrassed Mark I enjoyed it too."

Now I'm dying of embarrassment. He laughed again and patted my back with his big heavy hand. I took off my helmet and handed it to him. 

"Thank you Eddie for the ride but I don't want to be a burden on you."

"If it was a burden i wouldn't have brought you to my home. C'mon lets go."

He started towards his house and I followed. His house was well taken care of. The lawn was covered in neatly trimmed grass. 

Nice bright white paint covered the whole outside of the house. We walked in and the inside was just as nice if not nicer. 

"Wow, you have a very nice house."

"Thanks Mark, I try."

I stopped in the middle of his living room.

He continued to the kitchen and opened his fridge. I thought about this for a second.

"Eddie what I'm I doing here?"

Eddie turned around with a beer in his hand. He looked at me for a second.

"Well I figured a cute little thing like you wouldn't survive a night out in the desert. So I figured you could stay with me for a little."

He looked me in the eye the whole time he said that. I didn't know what to say.

He was looking at me waiting for me to say something.

"So will you stay with me Mark? I've been really lonely."

He said to me while he slowly made his way to me. I didn't answer him until he was right in front of me. He was looking down at me straight into my eyes. 

"Ok."

I whispered, my throat suddenly dry. He smiled widely showing his bright white teeth. 

"Great, want a beer. Well, I guess i should ask first, do you drink?"

I nodded my head. He handed me the beer in his hand and went back to the fridge for another one for himself. I stood there with the beer in my hand looking at it. Eddie opened his beer and took a drink. 

"Make yourself at home Mark. Sit down relax." 

He said this as he grabbed my hand and pulled me to the couch. His touch sent shivers through my body. We were sitting close but not touching. 

He turned on his TV and looked for something to watch. He stopped on a movie called Amityville Horror. I had never seen the movie but I've heard of it. 

"Want some popcorn?"

"Sure." I said.

He got up and put a bag in the microwave. When he came back to the couch I noticed that he was sitting a little closer. 

Out of nowhere a little dead girl popped up loudly and made me jump. Tony looked at me with a small grin.

"You alright Mark?"

"Yea sorry about that." I said embarrassed.

"It's alright Mark." 

Eddie thought for a second. 

"Would you be less scared if I held you?" 

When he came back I felt his strong hands grab and pull me over to him. He moved me to where my head was on his furry chest. I wrapped my arm around his torso and tangled up our legs. 
