 We got into bed and turned out the lights. Instead of settling in close to him with my head on his chest like usual, I kept over to my side, because I needed some space to think. I was still miffed about the trip to Lake Tahoe. I really wanted Mark there. It just wouldn't be the same without him. What was the big deal? All of us went, our big group of friends, every single year. Mark and I always shared a room - in fact, out of the 15 of us, usually only 6 or so were coupled up, so most of us shared a room with a friend anyway. It wasn't anything out the ordinary, and it wouldn't be hard to keep our secret. I couldn't understand why he was against it. If anything, the way I saw it, it would draw more attention to things if he didn't go.

Eventually, Mark called over to me. "Steve...come here," he said as he pulled open the covers to let me in closer to him. Once I was nestled in under his arm, he started stroking my head and then muttered, "I want you close." I felt his warmth envelop my body. God, he made me feel so damned good. 

"Mark, can we talk for a minute?" I asked him. I broke away from him a little so I could look at him. 

"Sure," he said, turning to face me. "What's up?"

"I want to talk about the ski trip."

He frowned and sighed heavily. "I'm not going. I told you that," he said, definitively. 

"But why? We always go, and we always share a room. No one will be the wiser. What's the issue?" I tried to keep my voice light. We looked forward to this trip every year, and now more than ever, I was super stoked about going, thinking about how we'd be together every night in the hotel room.

"It's too risky. I'm not going, period. Let it go," he said in a stern voice. I could tell by his tone that he wasn't going to budge on this one. "You go ahead," he added.

"I don't want to go without you." I probably should've just dropped it. I knew him well, and I knew it just wasn't going to happen. But the whole thing made me so mad. 

"Steve. I told you to let it go. Now go to sleep." He was getting annoyed with me. He rolled over, facing the opposite way.

"So, what lie are you going to tell everyone this time?" I asked, sarcastically. The fact that our relationship was the reason Mark had begun a career of telling lies had me feeling a little guilty and sad, but it was so unnecessary. When was he going to see that we couldn't continue this way?

Mark exhaled sharply. Whoops - I had gone too far. "I don't need this shit tonight," he said, as he got up out of bed. He started walking out the room.

I shot up and went after him. I didn't want to sleep alone tonight. I regretted bringing the whole thing up - I just wanted his arms around me again. I followed him into the hallway as he was on his way to his own bed. I caught up to him and got a hold of his shoulder to stop him. 

"Mark..." He turned around to look at me. His fiery gaze locked me down and we just stood there, looking at each other. The hallway was mostly dark but some shadowy light from the street was coming in through the windows, and it splayed across his torso, accentuating his deltoids...his biceps...oh man, he looked so hot. 

We stood there motionless, his eyes locked on mine, the tension building between us. It was just a couple of seconds, but it felt like 5 minutes. 

Then, all of a sudden, he grabbed my wrists and forced me to walk backwards back into my room. He pushed me against the wall and held me there, with my arms above my head, and started kissing me deeply and hard. Holy shit. I reciprocated, and our kisses became even more feverish and passionate. After a minute of this, he broke away from my mouth and started kissing my forehead, my cheeks, my ears, my neck... Once he could tell I wasn't going to resist, he released one of my wrists but quickly repositioned his one hand to hold both of my wrists up. With his other hand, he stroked my neck, my shoulders, my abdomen...when he got down to my ass, he caressed it over my boxer briefs for a minute, before proceeding to tug them down my thighs. He reached his one hand between my legs, rubbing my inner thighs. Once he got up to my sac, he grabbed it tight and pulled it up. I let out a low groan. Oh, Jesus, it felt so good. He pressed his body against mine, and my hard cock rubbed against his hip.

Then he finally released my arms. "Get on the bed," he ordered, panting. Mark had never been this dominant with me before. I fucking loved it, seeing him take control like this. I made my way over to the bed, kicking off my underwear on my way there, and lied down. "Turn over," he ordered again, and so I did. He pulled off his boxers and quickly reached into the nightstand drawer to grab a condom and the bottle of lube. I was face down on the bed, but I turned my head to the side so I could see him. He moved fast, urgently ripping the packet open with his teeth and spitting out the plastic. Anticipation coursed through my body as I watched him roll on the condom. Then he opened the bottle and hastily squirted lube all over my back side, spilling it all over, and I could feel it dripping down my butt cheeks. He threw the bottle aside and grabbed my ass with both of his hands, then looked up at me. "This okay?" he asked. Even through his dominance, he made sure I was alright. I felt safe and protected. 

"Yeah," I said.

He slammed into me, pushing his cock all the way in at once. I let out some sort of sound. Fuck, it hurt. I wasn't used to him entering me that quickly and forcefully. He stopped moving and just stayed inside me, keeping his cock still, while he grabbed at my hair, pressing his body down on top of mine and panting in my ear. A minute or so later, I felt my muscles finally relax and get used to the pressure. I nodded my head slightly to let him know it was time. He lifted off me a bit and pulled up my hips, and I rested my weight on my forearms. He began moving, slowly at first, then quickly picking up speed. It started feeling really, really good. I reached my hand back to pick up some of the lube, and stroked myself as he pounded into me, matching his rhythm. 

I felt the warm, sweet feeling begin to spread throughout my body, and I knew I was close. I wanted to try for us both to cum at the same time, so I tuned into his sounds and movements. Soon, I heard his breathing turn from hard and steady to short gasps, and his thrusts came faster and harder. I peered over my shoulder and looked at him, his muscles flexing, his gorgeous face twisted in pleasure. I couldn't hold it back anymore, and my orgasm kicked in gloriously, just as his did. I felt a warm sensation deep inside, and I knew I was feeling his hot cum through the condom.

When he was finished, he slowly pulled out, tossed the condom aside, and collapsed on top of me. I curled up and grabbed a pillow to hold. He wrapped his body around me with his face in my neck. I felt his breathing slowly return to normal and soon, he was fast asleep.