 Back in early 2002 I was in my second year at University. Twenty years of age and in a new social environment, I was having the time of my life. I returned home to visit my family fairly often, though, particularly of course during holidays between terms. Usually when doing this I would be sure to see my best friend Mark. A couple of years younger, he was yet to go away to university. We made our usual plans - meet up, go to the nearest off license, get a few drinks, return to Mark's and have fun chatting and listening to music. 

"I'm just off to the toilet," said Mark, standing up. "Back in a few mins."

As per usual I was thinking of songs I had heard that I thought Mark should get and add to his playlist. This was of course in the days before easy music streaming services, so we used to download MP3s through file sharing networks. I clicked around on his computer and found the software running, and opened it. Several files were listed as downloading, and I was surprised to see the titles plainly showing it was gay porn videos.

I admit I was curious. Neither of us were particularly amazing to look at, nor were we any good with the opposite sex. Virgins, of course. And that can lead to some pent up frustrations and the mind can... wander. I'd never had a gay thought before I was 18. By this point though I had escalated through a lot of the stages. Wondered how gay man could enjoy anal. Wondered if it did actually feel good. Tried putting objects back there when having 'alone time'. Nothing too large - pens, mostly. I found myself enjoying it. Somehow this lead to myself watching gay porn on occasion. I was never exactly disgusted by the sight of naked men, though they were not something that I would say I was attracted to. And yet, seeing men have sex - that was a turn on. This changed to attraction of sorts when I started wondering what it would be like suck cock. These gay men do it, women do it, there must be something to it, right?

Yes, I had often fantasised about men, but I had never mentioned it to anyone before. Nor had Mark said anything to me about his own sexuality. Sure we had discussed sex and porn as guys do, but there was no indication he was anything other than straight. But then... I guess I hadn't given anyone any indication either.

Curiosity got the better of me, and I opened one of the videos. It seemed to be your typical standard fare, two guys going at it. That's when I noticed Mark had come back into the room. I hurriedly closed the window and briefly tried to pretend nothing had happened. Looking at Mark though, he knew what I had found.

"Ah," he said, embarrassed.

I tried to make it out to be nothing. "Yeah I just added another song to download. Think you'll like it. Another drink?" I opened a bottle for myself and one for him and handed it over. He took his seat silently. I could tell he was thinking carefully about what to say next.

"So, you saw what I was downloading then." It was not a question.

"Oh, yeah, it's ok though."

There was an awkward pause, a silence that screamed louder than anything I had heard previously. I decided to stop beating around the bush and just get things in the open.

"I had no idea you were gay. It's ok though. Doesn't bother me or anything. It's cool."

His shoulders sagged, I could see the relief in his face. "I don't know if I am gay. I mean I still like women as much as ever. I don't know. I just like the videos."

"Hey that's cool, I get that. I've never told anyone myself, but I've had thoughts about it too. Watched some."

"Wow. Really?" said Mark. "I had no idea."

For a while after this, the conversation turned back to the usual mix. Drinks were finished and new ones started, music was played and sung along to rather badly. We had both relaxed, and the mixture of comfort and alcohol brought the subject up again a couple of hours later.

"So, you know what we were talking about earlier?" Mark asked me after taking a swig of beer.

"Yeah," I replied.

"Have you ever done it? With a guy, I mean."

"No. Have you?"

"No."

"I mean, I've thought about it of course," I said.

"Yeah? What have you thought about doing?" he asked.

"Well..." I paused, wondering if I was really going to spill all my secrets here, but we had gone this far, and the alcohol had certainly lowered my inhibitions. "I've often wondered what it would be like to suck cock. I wouldn't mind trying that at some point I guess. What about you?"

"I've thought a lot about being sucked off by a guy. They say men give the best blowjobs because they know what feels good."

"Yeah that makes sense I suppose." My heart was racing at this point, wondering what would happen next. 

"Do you think you might want to try it?" he asked, "On me, I mean?"

I had a feeling this would come up, had hoped that it would, even. I was simultaneously excited and nervous. I had to be careful though; I knew for me there was no attraction to Mark - if I did this it would be purely sexual, trying new things. I said as much.

"Right, I agree. It's like... When you masturbate, it doesn't mean you find your hand attractive, right? It's just skin on skin. It'll be like that."

I nodded. My heart was racing. "So.. shall we?"

Mark reached down and unzipped, pulling his member free and gently stroking it. Already he was hard, just from the talking. I was amazed at how surreal this was. I was seeing another's man penis for the first time in person. I reached out to touch it, holding it in my hand repeating to stroke the long shaft much like I would have done with my own.

"Oh... that's nice man, very nice," he said.

"Have you measured this? How big are you?" I asked. Mark himself was around 5'6, so by no means tall, and skinny. His cock seemed fairly large, at least in my limited experience of them.

"7 and a half inches." I was impressed.

I stroked him for several minutes. I knew we had agreed to a blowjob. I knew I wanted to try it. The thought that kept going through my head was just this: If you do this, you will be a cocksucker. You can never again say truthfully that you have never sucked cock. There's no way back from this.

"Just put it in your mouth," said Mark. I decided to take his advice, and I did. I was a cocksucker.

I'm not really sure what I had expected, but it was not really any different from, say, sucking your finger. There was no particular taste, nothing to repel me at all. I tried to remember all I could about technique from things I had read and porn I had seen - careful to use lips not teeth; use the tongue to swirl around the head; move your head up and down. I was thoroughly enjoying myself.

"Oh man, this feels so good," said Mark.

I lost track of how long I was doing this for, sucking on his long dick, stroking his shaft up and down, enjoying the sensation of cock in my mouth. As my tongue flicked across the tip I encountered a sudden sharp taste; my first taste of precum. I let out a short moan.

"Fuck me, I'm enjoying this," I said, taking his cock out of my mouth for a brief moment.

"Wait!" he said, pulling back away from my head. "I want to."

"Want to?" I asked, puzzled.

"Fuck you."

"Oh man... I don't know about that," I said hesitantly, still gently stroking his hard cock. "I mean a blowjob is one thing..."

"Come on, let's try it. I'll be gentle!"

"I don't know. What if I don't like it?" I said.

"You didn't know you'd like sucking my dick until you tried it. You might love a cock up your arse. Being plowed like a bitch!" Mark said with a smile.

"OK then, you've persuaded me."

"Let's move to my bedroom," he said, zipping up his jeans. I followed him across the hall into his bedroom and closed the door behind me. I was feeling incredibly nervous, but excited nonetheless. I stripped naked whilst Mark searched around for lube and condoms, realising this would be the first time I had exposed myself to anyone since puberty. I clambered up on to the bed on all fours, my arse raised up pointing back at Mark.

"OK ready?" he asked, placing one hand on the side of my pelvis. I felt his cock brush up against my hole, and I tried to relax. 

"Do it!" I said. He pushed his cock forward, and the head popped into my hole, stretching me with every millimetre. It felt better than anything I had put up there previously, but with it came immense pain. I gritted my teeth as he slowly entered me, waiting for the moment when the pleasure would overtake the pain. 

"It's OK," he said, noticing my discomfort, "you try pushing back onto me." I did as he suggested, waiting until the pain had died down before pushing backwards. I felt his cock slide deeper and deeper inside me, causing sensations I had never experienced before.

"Oh man, I love having your cock in me, it feels amazing!" I said as I felt his balls brush against my backside. I couldn't believe I had managed to take all 7 inches!

"Fuck you're so tight!" said Mark. 

I wiggled around, enjoying the feelings and growing accustomed to having him in me. "Fuck me. Fuck my brains out!"

Mark grabbed my hips and started thrusting his cock back and forth. Each thrust sent a paroxysm of pleasure through me, and my own cock was rock hard. He increased the speed of his fucking and I could feel precum leaking from my member. "Oh fuck, oh fuck, that feels so good, mm yeah, fuck me, fuck me," I moaned ecstatically. 

He withdrew from me and I instantly missed the feeling of his cock in my hole. "Get on your back," he said. I rolled over and lifted my legs up high above my head. I started wanking my own cock as he slammed his dick back into me, thrusting away with such a ferocious pace that I felt like I would explode with an intense orgasm at any moment.

"I'm gonna cum!" he said, sweat dripping down his forehead.

"Cum on my face!" I said enthusiastically.

"Are you sure?"

I nodded. "Do it, I want a facial!"

He pulled out and quickly took the condom off and moved round to kneel beside my head, pointing his cock squarely at my face, stroking rapidly. With a loud grunt his orgasm hit, thick ropes of cum landing on me from my forehead to my mouth. On and on it went, until I felt like I was completely glazed. It was enough to tip me over the edge and my own orgasm hit, more intense than anything I had ever experienced before, my chest covered in my own cum.

We were both panting post orgasm. I began to wipe Mark's cum with my finger into my mouth, licking my lips at the salty taste. 

"I'll get you a towel," he said, getting dressed.

"Thanks," I said with a smile. "That was awesome!"

"Fuck yeah it was! I didn't know you were such a dirty bastard!"

"Neither did I! I'm pretty sure I love cock now though! Seriously man, any time you want it, my arse is yours, don't even feel the need to ask, just take me."

"I'll hold you to that," he said. I certainly hoped he would.