 White Slut fun!

It had been a few weeks since Marlon had turned Amanda & I's relationship upside down. We couldn't get enough of his big black cock dominating our relationship. Even when he was not around we played & teased each other talking about it or roleplayed like he would fuck with our big black dildo.

 He had started to regularly come over to fuck us both senseless and I think he really got off on the idea of dominating my formerly straight ass. Making me beg for his cock and submit to him right in front of my girlfriend! I couldn't lie, that was some of the best parts for me! 

 This week at work he'd been teasing me nonstop though, smiling his big white teeth at me while rubbing his big cock when no one else was looking, pushing his bulge up against my ass when private, and whispering in my ear everything he wanted to do to me. It was driving me crazy!

 Finally I was in the back alone and next thing I knew he was behind me, his bulge pushed against me making me catch my breath and his strong lips gripping and sucking my ear.

 "I think I need to give his ass some special attention, really train you to take this dick..."

 He whispered in my ear. 

 "Oh fuck yes, when do you want me?"

 I answered half hoping he'd yank my pants down to my knees and fuck me right there!

 "Tonight, my place, dress casual so I can strip you quick!"

 His last words were punctuated by his large, strong hands drifting from griping my hips to grabbing my ass before he was gone.

 He winked at me when we left and we got to our cars, I rushed home, showered, and changed into some sweatpants and a sweater, real casual before heading over. Amanda was still at work, but I couldn't wait to tell her he wanted me for himself! Besides she'd just be jealous.

 I knocked on the door a couple times before I heard him say to come in. From the outside I could see the lights were dim and hear some smooth hip hop playing. I opened the door to see Marlon sitting on the couch sipping from a bottle of scotch it looked like, but the most shocking sight was next to him! His friend Stephen that I'd seen a couple times was there completely naked on the couch with a white guy between his legs sucking his cock! The sight was pretty hot! Stephen was a couple inches shorter than Marlon, a lighter black skin tone, but very lean, very cut muscles, and his cock was huge too! Maybe an inch shorter.

 "Glad you dressed comfy; this is my man Stephen, and his boy Nick." Marlon said grinning at my face that I'm sure was slightly red!

 "Nice to meet you." I stammered out and Stephen just nodded, keeping his hand on the back of Nick's head so he'd keep sucking.

 I noticed Nick was just in some sweatpants too and I guess I had picked the right outfit they liked their white boys to wear. Marlon made eye contact with me and curled his finger to walk towards him and pointed to the ground between his feet.

 "Open up." He said smiling.

 I opened my mouth and he tipped the bottle, the warm liquid coating my throat. He gave me a big gulp and it burned as I swallowed it down!

 "Huh, he does look like he can swallow like you say then." Stephen said.

 "Wait till you see this white boy work!" Marlon said standing up and stripping off his shirt, then his pants.

 He sat back down in his boxers, I could tell he was already almost hard, his head almost poking out of the bottom of his boxers and straining like crazy in the fabric.

 "Go on...take my big black cock out and get to work." He said.

 I leaned forward and grabbed his waistband, pulling his boxers down to reveal that fat, and thick, black cock so heavy it drifted between his legs. I immediately wrapped my hand around his shaft and gripped his cock to hold it in place, sticking my tongue out and running it all around his head. I made sure to drool and let my spit coat his big shaft.

 "There you go white boy, now get that shirt off and get back to sucking."

 I leaned back and pulled my shirt off, then let one hand drift down o cradle his big balls, the other holding his shaft and I started to work his cock into my throat. I worked fast since I knew I had to catch up to Nick, but how horny he seemed I bet I could make him cum fast. I started to bob my head up and down his cock, his head poking the back of my throat, making me gag a little and moan around his shaft.

 I heard Nick moaning too and Stephen tell him he was gonna cum and he better not waste a single drop, get all that black cum into his white belly. Hearing Stephen talk like that spurred me on and I blew Marlon even faster, noticing his legs shift, his muscles tense and his breath grow ragged I knew I had him close. I could feel Nick and Stephen watching me, Nick still holding his semi hard cock in his mouth I could see out of my peripheral vision.

 "Oh yeah, white boy's been waiting for this cum all week huh...look at you work, you begging for it white bitch, tell me you want my cum bitch!" Marlon taunted me a little as I sucked his cock.

 I pulled my head off and kept jerking him, letting my tongue rest on the underside of his head and looked up at him to answer, "I want your cum from your big black cock!"

 "Then you better get ready, I'm about to bust!"

 I moaned as Marlon gripped my hair in one hand on the back of my head and held me in place, he gripped his cock to jerk it and pointed it into my lips and began to grunt as he shot his fucking massive load down my throat. His few couple blasts hitting my throat and coating it, then a third, then he pulled out with a big pop and shot a few more pumps that splashed right on my face!

 "Fuck yeah! Don't wipe it off, but you better clean my dick with that tongue boy!" He moaned.

 I immediately sucked his cock into my mouth, keeping his cum on my face and I felt like such a whore sucking every drop out while still coated in his cum! I heard a click and realized he had taken a pic of me sucking his cock with his cum all over my face!

 "Something I'm sending to that little whore of mine, you call your girlfriend!" He said chuckling as he sent the pic!

 Finally he drifted down to a semi and I pulled off his cock.

 "Good news white boys, that was just the warm up, you know we using you some more!" Stephen said smiling down to me and Nick. We glanced over at each other and smiled, both aware of how big of black cock sluts we were!

 "That's right, go check out those bags and get into the little outfits we bought you." Marlon said pointing to a couple Victoria's Secret bags. We each got up and walked over, looking into the bags. We looked over at each other as we looked into our bags.

 "Are we supposed to put these on?" Nick asked.

 "Hell yeah! You two some white sluts for black cocks, you dress like sluts, now put them on!"

 Nick dropped his sweats to the floor and I saw his little white cock, a little smaller than mine, but he had a little plumper ass too that I found myself jealous of since I'm sure Marlon would love a fatter ass on me to fuck! I dropped my sweats too and felt him check me out. We then each slipped on the panties for us, matching set as they were the same style, a thong with a long tie at each side that hung down, looked easy to rip off. Mine was a bright red, his black.

 We turned to face our black studs to find them smiling.

 "Good show so far, now I want you two to kiss, put on a little show. Nothing hotter than two white sluts making out." Marlon said.

 We turned and started to kiss each other, making out passionately, we felt so feminine in our panty sets, each of us used to being the bitch now so we were timid in feeling each other up. I grabbed his ass and he gasped into my mouth as we pushed our hips together, our cocks rubbing and grinding against one another. At the same time we each reached down and pulled the others panties to the side, freeing their cock and we started to jerk each other off.

 "Shit we don't have any work to do now that they'll get each other off!" Stephen said as I heard them each taking a few more pictures!

 We moaned into each other's kisses as we pulled on the others cock, it felt so different to play with a cock that was so much thinner and shorter than Marlon's monster! After only a couple minutes we started to breath in unison that we were going to cum. Each of our legs went weak as we each started to spurt our little loads in comparison all over the others legs and cock. Smiling and giggling we each brought our hand up and let the other lick the cum off and suck our fingers a little before we heard the big dick swingers in the room call us over.

 We giggled like schoolgirls as we walked over and stood in front of them. They were both diamond hard now and stroking their lubricated cocks. Marlon reached up and undid the tie on my panties and let it fall to the ground and pulled me on top of him as he started to rub his wet cock head around my hold. 

 "Fuck me Daddy..." I moaned into his ear as I felt Stephen pull Nick onto him as well.

 Marlon needed no more encouragement and I felt myself reaching back to spread my cheeks as he pushed into me. I threw my head back and moaned loudly as I dropped my ass over his black shaft. We fucked slowly at first as I got accustomed to his big dick, before long he started tapping my ass and telling me to ride him. I put my hands on his broad chest and started to bounce up and down as his strong hands gripped my hips, reached up and pinched my nipples. I was overwhelmed with his dick I couldn't even pay attention to how Nick was working it.

 I felt Marlon grip my hair and pull me down to kiss him and we made out for a minute while I rode him softly, then he pushed me up and I could bounce even harder, looking down and seeing my semi soft little white cock bounce while his big black dick fucked me senseless made me feel so sexy in his arms!

 Marlon lifted me up with his cock still in me and laid me on my back on the couch, my legs straight up. He started to really pound away at my ass now with full leverage and the only thing I could do was grab onto his strong hips, or his big arms. I could feel every inch travel into me along with his balls slapping my ass! I could look at a little past him and caught a glimpse of Nick draped over the edge of the couch getting fucked doggy.

 Next thing I knew Marlon was staring into my eyes and telling me he was gonna cum up my little white ass, my little white pussy, fill my white belly up with his black cum and his cock felt like it thickened and then started to blow inside of me. I cried out for his cum, telling him I was his white slut as he pumped shot after shot into me!

 He stayed in my ass, making sure to fill me with every last drop, and then he pulled out and moved to push his cock into my mouth! I tasted his cum around his cock as he fucked my throat; somehow he never really went soft after that! Once I guess his cock was wet enough from my spit, he pulled out and bent me over the back of the couch. I felt him enter me easily and he started to fuck me hard, gripped my shoulders, my hips, spanking my ass. I dropped my leg, and let my legs shake with intensity as he fucked me like crazy. As I looked down I could see my cock stiffen and bounce against my stomach from his deep thrusts. Soon I felt myself cumming as he fucked me, spraying all over the floor and my stomach as it bounced!

 "Fuck Daddy breed my white ass, breed me again! I want your cum in my white belly!" I encouraged him.

 Soon enough, he tensed and came inside of me again! He pumped his cock into me, letting me take everything before pulling out. I finally straightened up and he pulled me to him, kissing me deeply, and his huge cum load dripping out of my ass and down my legs! He kissed me more, grabbing me and holding me tight before telling me to go shower and clean up with Nick. I smiled and walked past Stephen who looked just as spent before joining Nick in the shower, cleaning up ourselves and cum from our holes!

 We came back out and went to our studs rooms to find them asleep, worn out from their white boy asses I guess! So I slipped on my panties again, got into bed and fell asleep, looking forward to his reaction finding me already dressed for him!