 I had intentionally driven past Will's house on the way home from work that Thursday. A long weekend was in the works and my wife and kids were already on their way to her parent's house three hours away. They would be gone until late Monday while I stayed home and completed a small renovation project in the basement. 

I downshifted my pickup as I approached Will's house and was pleased to see him in the driveway with his head under the hood of his own pickup. I beeped as I pulled in and he smiled and waved me up to where he was working. I leaned on the front grill as we exchanged hellos and chatted about our weekend plans. 

I could hear some commotion in the house and Will indicated that his wife and kids were also getting ready to leave for his in-laws in the next state over, easily a four hour drive. They would not be returning until Wednesday. My heart starting pounding just a little as Will reached over and squeezed my arm and said, "I could really use a hand here while they are gone." 

This has been our standing sign over the last several years to indicate a desire for some mutual 'guys only' fun. "I was thinking the same thing, buddy," I replied with a smile. We agreed that I would come back to his house for a grilled dinner and some fun.

When I returned to Will's house freshly showered and in jeans and a t-shirt, he was waiting for me on the deck and handed me a beer. I knew what he had in mind right off the bat when I saw the grill was still covered. Will motioned me into his kitchen with a tilt of his head, saying, "There's something in here I just gotta show you." I smiled a wicked and knowing smile. 

No sooner had we gotten inside the sliding glass doors than Will stopped suddenly directly in front of me. I used the opportunity to slip my hand into the crack of his ass and firmly squeezed his ass and slowly ran my fingers up and down his crack. I could hear his breathing immediately become shallow. 

I leaned in and kissed Will's neck, running my tongue slowly from his ear lobe down to his shoulder and back again. I knew from experience that this was a real turn on for Will. He responded by turning around and looking directly into my eyes with that penetrating look of desire that made me burn to be his lover. He planted a deep kiss on me and sucked my tongue like he sometimes sucks my cock, a nice and smooth and slow suck.

It was now a race to see how fast we could get naked. We continued to kiss and grind our hips together even as we unsnapped each other's jeans. Will succeeded in being the aggressor. He had my shirt off and my pants undone as he was nipping and sucking my nipples. He leaned into my neck and whispered, "I believe it is your turn to get sucked off first. I love to suck your cock,Mike, mmmmm." 

With that Will dropped to his knees and pulled my jeans and boxers down in one motion as my cock sprang up in his face. I stepped out of my clothes and spread my legs as Will began to suck on my nuts. As he nourished himself on my ball sack, precum began leaking out of my foreskin. 

Here we were, in his kitchen, right in front of the sliding glass doors, and my best bud was working on my manhood. We live in a pretty rural area of upstate New York and the only audience we had was whatever wildlife happened across his back field. 

I should mention at this point that Will and I are both in our mid 30's, both of us about 6' 3" and in shape. Will sports a shock of red hair and an uncut cock. I match Will for cock size and style but I have jet black hair and wear a goatee. We are average looking guys and no one would ever suspect our mutual affinity for sucking cock. How we learned this about each other is a story for another time.

Will began by putting his tongue under my foreskin and swirling his tongue around my cock head, slurping up my precum and humming his approval, which sent gentle shock waves down my shaft. Will pursed his lips and starting at the tip of my cock, pushed my foreskin back and slowly and smoothly made his journey all the way to the base of my cock, where his nose tickled my pubic bush. 

On his way back up my shaft he clamped his lips down hard on my skin and pulled it back over my cockhead. He proceeded to do this repeatedly for about 5 minutes or so. Then he pulled off, stood up, gave me a deep throat kiss and let me have a taste of my cock from his mouth. 

"I know how you are, Mike. I really love getting together with you and I know that this first cum job is going to come fast and furious. As always, give it to me like a man and I'll take it like a man. Fuck my face, slam your cock into me and I'll suck you off and not lose a single drop." The passion and earnestness in his eyes made my cock jump. 

Will sank to his knees again and took me deep all in one motion. Will was right, of course. He brought out passion in me that had long since disappeared with my wife, whose sexual longings had decreased dramatically in the last couple of years. Will placed both hands on my ass and pulled my throbbing cock deep into his mouth.

About half way back up my shaft, Will placed a lip lock on my cock and created a vacuum by sucking hard on my cock. This was one thing that really drove us both crazy, this actual sucking. Not just sliding over the entire length of each other's cocks. There was a time and a place for that, for sure. But the hard sucking, this was the one part that drove us over the top and permanently cemented our relationship together. 

My cock grew in Will's mouth. I grabbed on to Will's head, taking a fistful of his bright red hair in each hand and pulled his head all the way down on my cock. Will's passionate groans only fueled my action as I pulled him to me and slammed my cock into his throat. I continued fucking his face with wild animal abandonment, grunting and moaning and bucking like a stallion taking a mare.

"Oh, Will, what a fucking cocksucker you are. You love to suck my cock and I love to feed it to you. You want it, don't you? Don't you?" Will's muffled expressions of lust pushed me over the edge and I shot my gooey cum into his hot mouth while fucking his face harder and harder. 

Will had to steady me to keep me from falling backward and I was seeing those spots before my eyes you sometimes see before you pass out. Will stood up and with a dazed and yet pleased look on his face, he opened his mouth to show me that he had saved some of my cum for me. 

I locked my lips on Will's and sucked my own cum into my mouth from his. As I swirled my tongue around his mouth looking for every last drop, I unsnapped Will's jeans and unzipped them. How he ever could stand the bulging tightness in his jeans is a testimony to his ruggedness as a man.

"Stop wasting time, fucker. Take me down right now, cocksucker buddy. I said now!" Will was almost screaming at me as he pushed me to my knees. 

I loved Will's cock, all covered with a thick rug of bright red hair. Will and I were different in this respect: my cock was 8 inches, of average girth and pretty free of hair until you got near the base; Will's cock, on the other hand, was about 7 and a half inches long, real thick (thick enough to choke you bad) and carpeted about half way up his shaft with the thick red hair of his pubic bush. 

Words cannot describe how red hair turns me on and to have it matted down on Will's cock from my saliva and his precum was almost too much for me. My own cock sprang back to life as I fisted the foreskin back on Will's cock. Will wasted no time as he locked his hands behind my head and starting pumping his cock into me. 

I did the sliding up and down his shaft thing for a couple of minutes to get his red carpet all soaked with saliva and pre jizz. We had a real nice rhythm going and Will began snorting like a horse. "C'mon, Mike, lock on and SUCK! Now is the time. You want my cock jizz, don't you, you fucker?" 

This was my cue to pull off and tell Will, "You know I do, give it to me, you horny fucker. Fuck my face good." Will slapped my face hard and then slammed his cock deep into my throat. I put the lick lock on his cock right at the edge of his red carpet and with his hands firmly gripping my hair, Will proceeded to slam his thick cock deeper and deeper into my throat. He was grunting and bucking and his cock swelled in my mouth.

"There, you wanted it, you cocksucker, here it comes..." Will hollered as he pasted one hot jizz load after another down my throat as he held my tight mouth on the base of his cock. I gagged a little and this only served to make Will hold tighter and shoot more. 

I slurped on Will's shaft, feeling every hair as my tongue passed over it and back and forth. Finally spent, Will released his grip on my hair and pulled me to my feet. I shared what little of his cum was left in my mouth and Will began a soft sob as I pulled my mouth away from his. 

Will was a rugged fellow in almost every way but I knew he possessed a real tender side to him. He held me tight to his chest as he said, "You don't know how much this means to me, Mike. You know I love my wife will all my heart but I love you from a place that a woman could never touch. I don't know if you understand or not, but that's the truth."

"Yeah, Will, I think I do understand. I love you the same. There is just something between us that is as deep as any love I have for my wife but strangely there is no competition between the two. I am not trying to figure it out but I do hold it close."

I can be kind of emotional and tender as well but this was getting to be too much for me so I bit Will's nipple hard, drawing blood, and said, "Well, now that you've fucked my face, where's my dinner?" 

I laughed as I dodged a half punch from Will, grabbed my beer, and took a nice long slug. What happened later will be the next story. Stay tuned!