 (This is the continuing story of how Will and I became more than friends. It started with a four way jack off and blow job session after a day of hunting white tail deer. Then it was a mutual jack off session just between Will and I while the other two guys in the hunting party were also up to something across the hall. The story picks up on the next morning, a Sunday.)

I was awake quite early on Sunday. Since we would be working up a sweat tromping through the woods most of the day, I elected not to shower in the morning. Also, to be honest with you, I was still a little damp and sticky from last night and the raw sexuality of that time with Will was worth holding on to as long as I could.

Will began stirring in bed, then started getting up. I looked over and saw that he was at half mast, and kidded him about having a 'piss woody.' He chuckled and said, "Oh, I think there might be more to it than that. My cock does not have a long memory but it can remember back to last night. But I do have to piss." Will started for the door while I was busy getting dressed. Next thing I know, he is standing right beside me. "That was a real turn on last night, Mike. Maybe we can have another round later. I'm sure I'd enjoy it," Will said in a quiet voice while he put his hand on my ass and gave a gentle squeeze.

My heart skipped a beat and my breath caught in my throat. Before I could say anything, Will was off to the bathroom. My cock started to rise but I stuffed back down into my sticky briefs and finished dressing. The weather forecast was for warmer temperatures up into the fifties today so I only put one layer of clothes on. I passed Will in the hall on the way to make coffee and I made sure my hand bumped up against the bulge in his briefs. I caught his eye just long enough for us to share a look of horny hunger. But that would have to wait.

When I got to the kitchen, Jeff had already started a pot of coffee and was reading his Bible at the table. While we waited for Will I asked Jeff about the Bible and how serious he was about it and all that. He said he was brought up to believe the Bible and to have faith in God. He had been married just a few years and he was pretty happy with his life. 

What happened last night, he said, had really taken him by surprise. He had never done anything like that in his life, had never even thought about it ever. The most he had ever done was piss with his brothers out in the woods. Now, he confessed, he could not get last night's events out of his head. He had a very serious look on his face so I kind of kidded with him about creaking bed springs during the night. He returned the jest by indicating he was sure he had heard ghosts moaning during the night, too, and was this cabin haunted or something?

I appreciated Jeff's honesty about his faith and I could only imagine the conflict between what he had been taught and what had taken place last night. Will joined us just as the coffee was done brewing so he filled three mugs and also brought over a box of donuts to chow on before we left. Jeff bowed his head and apparently said a silent prayer. We began planning our day, the locations for the primary shooters that day, Will and me, and going over our signals in case one of us somehow got lost. 

As we chatted Vinnie came out into the hallway headed for the bathroom. He was walking bow legged like he'd been on a horse non-stop for a week. To keep from bursting out laughing, I took a swig of hot coffee. Will rolled his eyes and started whistling. Jeff's neck turned red and he just let his head hang down to keep us from seeing how far the embarrassment would show. Well, at least that explained the bed creaking!

As if he felt a need to explain, Jeff said quietly and defensively, "He woke me up during the night by sucking on me. I mean, one minute I am sound asleep, the next minute I feel this really nice and warm sensation on my surprisingly stiff dick. It took me by complete surprise, but it really felt good, you know? Of course, I realized it is Vinnie who is sucking on me. So I just kind of give myself over to that physical pleasure. 

Next thing I know, he's begging me to give it to him from behind. He literally pulled me off the bed by my cock and put this warm liquid on my cock. Then he pulled me down on my knees behind him and backs himself right up against my hard cock. Before I could say anything, my instincts took over and I pushed myself into his ass. There was little resistance and no painful cries from Vinnie. Why did that not surprise me?"

Jeff looked up and I could see the red receding back to his neck. He continued his explanation: "What Vinnie did not understand is that if I have sex more than once in a fairly short period of time, like within six or eight hours, it is almost impossible for me to cum. I can stay hard and just keep going but to have another orgasm is tough for me. My poor wife has a problem with me that way sometimes. Anyway, Vinnie kept begging me to give it to him harder and harder. He was whispering all sorts of filthy stuff to me. I could hear him moaning and grunting. Then he must have cum because he all of a sudden squeezed my cock as hard as can be and flexed his anus five or six times. Then he just kind of drooped and was panting like crazy."

Jeff sighed and continued, "Then he said something like, 'hey, that was great, thanks Jeff' and that sort of thing. He tried to pull away from me but I told him, 'hey, you started this, Vinnie. You can't just leave me high and dry here.' So I grabbed him by the hips and pulled him back all the way onto me. I was so filthy horny by that time, no way was I quitting until I came again. My lust and need for physical satisfaction just took control of me. So I picked up my pace and began to really give it to him. I was kind of inspired by what Will had done last evening. I felt like a stallion taking a mare. Just knowing what I was doing and who I was doing it TO, not with, made me hornier with every stroke. I somehow wanted to make myself feel superior to Vinnie and embarrass him."

Will and I nodded in sympathetic agreement. Jeff had this urgent need to get all this off his chest so he kept going with the retelling of events. "I had glanced at the alarm clock when Vinnie pulled me out of bed. It read 12:22 when we started all this. A couple of times, I felt like I was real close to cumming, only to have Vinnie start whining about how much it hurt. I squirted some more of that warm lotion on my shaft and just kept pumping away and pumping away. I glanced at the clock and it now read 2:45! I couldn't believe it."

Jeff shook his head, whether in shame or disbelief, I could not tell. But he kept going: "By that time, Vinnie must have been hard again because he started moaning with pleasure and I could feel him stroking himself. I took a slight break to catch my breath and as I held Vinnie's hips and was bottomed out in him, he reached between his legs and was squeezing and fondling our balls together. Wow, did that ever turn me on! I could almost feel my cock expand inside of him. Vinnie started moaning some more and said how bad he wanted me to cum in him, would I please, please, cum in his ass?"

Tears had formed on Jeff's face. I looked at Will, whose own face betrayed the same anger I felt toward Vinnie. I gathered that Vinnie had taken something very private and very meaningful from Jeff and that Will understood what Jeff had gone through on a deeper level than maybe I did. 

Jeff concluded the story: "Well, that about did it for me. I grabbed his hips and began to slam him good and without any mercy at all. Then I finally felt that familiar tingle. It was like a long lost friend that had shown up unexpectedly on my doorstep. I slammed Vinnie hard until that tingle made it all the way to my balls. Then I buried myself in him one more time and held him in place until I was done. I really thought I was going to pass out. I was so spent and so ashamed of myself and so embarrassed at the pleasure I took in humiliating Vinnie. I looked at the clock and it read 3:13. I was finally done! And then I felt Vinnie's anus squeeze me tight and he must have cum again. That's it, guys. I just wanted to tell my side of the story before Vinnie made up some lie about me begging for him, which I did not do."

At this point, Vinnie came out of the bathroom into the kitchen and poured himself a cup of coffee. He put on this macho attitude and said, "Did Jeffrey boy tell you what he did to me last night? How he woke me up by playing with that big Johnson of mine? How he took me deep throat and everything? Hey, that was real nice of you, Jeffy-boy."

Jeff just looked at Vinnie with these sad eyes. Sad, I think, for Vinnie's shallow character. Sad for what he had allowed Vinnie to draw him into. Sad, maybe, at realization that he gotten pleasure from something he probably believed in his heart was morally wrong. It was hard to tell the source but there was not mistaking the sadness. Will, on the other hand, looked at Vinnie with fire in his eyes. I suspected that if left alone, Will would immediately beat the crap out of Vinnie and make a mess of the cabin doing it. It was time for me to diffuse the situation.

I spoke up, "Listen Vinnie, and listen good. We are planning our placements and drives for today. Those plans do not include you. Pack your stuff, get your deer on your vehicle and get out. We don't run in the same crowds, which I am glad for. But if I hear of you mouthing off about anything that has happened here this weekend, you can rest assured that I will get all of your buddies together and set them straight about what an asshole bitch you are. I might even invite them up here for some hunting and show them the exact places where you turned out to be a pussy boy. Do you understand?"

Vinnie just shrugged, "Yeah, so big deal. I got the biggest buck any of you will ever see. I was going to leave today anyway. Besides, you guys are a bunch of losers." Will started out of his chair. I put my hand on Will's arm, telling him not to waste any time or effort.

With that, Vinnie packed up his stuff, tied his buck down on his Explorer and drove off. We watched Vinnie's tail lights disappear down the long private road back to civilization. Jeff spoke in a strong and emotional voice, "I know I am supposed to love others but there goes one guy I just cannot stand. Anyway, I need some fresh air. Let's do some hunting."

Will and I nodded in agreement. I took a minute to call the game warden to let him know a suspected poacher would be on the main highway within the hour, giving a rough description of the hunter and his vehicle. We pulled on our camouflage outfits, confirmed our signals and placements and headed out the door. We hunted for six hours and did not see so much as a rabbit. I made my way over to Will and we commiserated for a while. 

Just as I was about to signal Jeff, I saw him making his way through the trees toward our location. We stood and chatted about the lack of movement on the part of the deer. We decided that it was likely due to the unusually warm weather, which was predicted to last only this day and get colder again overnight. We decided to call it quits for now and headed back to the cabin.

On the way, Jeff said to Will, "I mentioned to Mike earlier that I was pretty sure that the cabin was haunted. I heard all this eerie moaning during the night. Did you hear anything?"

Will chuckled and said, "I sure did! It sounded like it was real close, like it was right in our room."

I chipped in, "It was right in our room. In fact, when I opened my eyes, I saw Will and heard him moaning. I hope you weren't in any pain or anything Will," I said.

Jeff laughed, "Come on now, you two. You heard my story from last night. It's only right that I hear yours. Who's going to spill the beans?"

I jumped in while Will was laughing to himself. "Okay, here's what happened. Will and I discussed what an asshole Vinnie was, then talked a little bit about some other stuff, and hit the hay. I was sleeping pretty soundly when I heard this unusual noise. It took me a minute to realize that I was hearing bed springs. Since neither Will nor I were making any movement, I knew it had to be coming from across the hall...." I recounted every last thing that had happened in our room during the night. 

Then it was Will's turn to add something more. He said, "Mike was poking fun at what he called my 'piss woody' but I told him that I honestly enjoyed our time together in the middle of the night and was looking forward to maybe doing some more of that later on. I don't know if you've noticed or not, Jeff, but Mike is a man's man through and through. There is just something about his manliness that draws me to him. He is as unlike in character to Vinnie as anybody can get."

Jeff thought on that for a moment, then said, "I don't know about that. It seems to me that you guys are pretty equal that way."

I stopped in the field and looked at both Jeff and Will. "You know, Will, it seems to me that Jeff fits right in with our idea of a man's man. It takes a real man to admit his passions, his lack of control, and the struggles of his heart and soul. A coward would try to cover them. A true man admits them and tries to come to grips with them." I looked directly at Jeff, saying, "You don't need to take a backseat to anybody when it comes to being a man's man."

"That's right, Mike," Will added. "It sure feels like he fits right in here, doesn't it?"

I nodded in agreement and we headed back to the cabin, quiet for most of the time except for some idle chatter about hunting. We were not sure we would try our luck again until tomorrow. I was kind of beat for one thing after the short night plus I wanted to get a shower and watch some football. I was glad we had at least six more days to hunt.

TO BE CONTINUED...