 (It is now Sunday night. After a short night of sleep for everyone and after Vinnie Napoleon's departure and after an unsuccessful hunting day Will, Jeff, and Mike have decided to call it quits on hunting for the day. The men have just arrived back at the cabin.)

Part of our mutual agreement for this hunting trip was taking turns cooking dinner. We drew straws and it came out Will's turn. While he had the responsibility of cooking, this also gave him the inside track on the shower. Jeff and I would then shower while Will was cooking. So off Will went to the shower. Jeff was already in his room with the door closed.

Another part of the mutual agreement was the freedom to use the john if someone was in the shower. Since there was only one bathroom, we also had gotten in the habit of just taking a piss off the back deck if we needed to. I had just asked the guys to make sure they didn't keep pissing in the same spot. The cabin was way off the main road, down a private road that was at least two miles long. Fact is, we could stand on the front porch and piss to our heart's content and no one would ever see us. It was great having this kind of privacy.

While Will was in the shower, I had the sudden urge to take a piss. Instead of bothering Will, I stepped out on the back deck over to the railing, whipped out my dick, and began emptying my bladder. No sooner had the stream started than Jeff came out to do the same thing. "Oh, sorry, Mike, I didn't mean to interrupt," he said.

"Listen, after all we have been through in the last day, I am sure it would not bother me at all if you wanted to take a piss right now, too. No problem. In fact, I kind of like to take a piss outside, especially on a nice warm day like today. It has always felt kind of liberating to me to have my dick out in the fresh air. Hope you don't mind me being so frank about this," I said.

Jeff just kind of nodded, stepped over in my vicinity, pulled out his cock and began a hard stream over the short railing. "I know what you mean. When I was a kid, if I was outside playing, no way would I go all the way back to the house to go to the bathroom. I'd just find a tree and let loose. I never told anyone else before, but I also enjoy the feeling of having fresh air on my sensitive skin."

I smiled and said, "You know, when I was a puberty boy I used to go out to the woods to jack off. It seems like there has been that nature connection that way in my life for a long time. In fact, just talking about it is getting me a little excited."

Jeff looked over to see my cock beginning to grow some, not a full hard on, just the 'I'm getting ready just in case' stage. I wasn't even stroking my meat. I had pulled my foreskin back to piss and the warm air on my cock head seemed to stir things up. I said, "I'm sorry, Jeff. I don't mean to be so raunchy." 

"Actually, no problem, Mike. This is a whole lot different than last night. I used to jack off too, when I was in my teens. I didn't do it much, maybe twice a month or so. My cock is reacting kind of the way yours is." He continued, "This is all so new to me. In some ways, I am really enjoying it."

Just then, the door opened and Will stepped out, saying, "I have to piss too. Do you mind if I join you? I saw you guys through the window and wanted to make sure I wasn't missing anything."

Jeff said, "Nothing to miss, just taking a piss," and nodded at Will. "Mike here is getting excited just taking a leak out here. He must be wired like that all the time. I wouldn't mind getting excited but I don't really want to have to deal with an erection that may take at least a couple hours to get rid of. I'm pretty hungry and kind of bushed, personally." Jeff stuffed his cock back in his pants and zipped back up, sporting a noticeable bulge at least for the time being.

Will unzipped and began pissing. Whereas Jeff and I both pulled our foreskins back, Will just let loose with a wild spray through the glob of flesh that was his foreskin. It was kind of funny. I hoped he had a smaller spray pattern in the bathroom! Will's cock began to react the same way mine had. "Easy boy," Will said while looking down, "the men need to eat and it's my turn to cook. You settle down and we'll see if we can round up some action later. First things first."

I forced my semi-rod back into my jeans and Will finished pissing and put his equipment away. We all headed back in the house and, cognizant of my place as host, offered the shower to Jeff. He was glad to get in the shower and get the sweat and crud from the last twenty four hours washed off. Will and I stayed in the kitchen and made small talk while he made some kind of goulash. It didn't look that great but it smelled good. 

I got up to take a closer look at dinner and let my hand graze Will's ass. He drew in a sharp breath and said, "Easy now, Mike. Let's not get something started that we can't finish right now. Hey, you think Jeff might be interested in joining us for a three way jack off? Maybe I should say, would you be interested in having him join us? I guess I am assuming we will do that again later." Will looked at me with hope in his eyes.

"I was hoping for that myself. And yeah, I think we should include Jeff, and I am sure I'd like that, actually. But let's just take it slow with him. That whole business with Vinnie last night has him a little rattled on the inside, I think. I don't know if he'd be game for it or not but I don't really want to force the issue with him," I replied.

"Okay, we'll just play it by ear after dinner is over. I'd like to chill for a while in front of the fire and just relax while dinner settles. Sound good to you?" Will asked.

"Sounds like a plan. You know, this whole thing has actually kind of rattled me just a little. I mean, I leave home with you guys barely two days ago expecting some good hunting and good times together with other hunters and next thing I know, this adventure is turning into a whole lot more than I imagined. But don't get me wrong, either. I am not sad or angry or even guilty, just really surprised," I said.

"Yeah, I am surprised too, but not at all disappointed, either. I have wondered off and on for some time what it would be like to jack off with another guy now that I am an adult. I did it more than once during my teen years and kind of missed the 'men only' kind of camaraderie that is part of it," Will said as he stirred our dinner in the big pot on the stove. "I'll be honest with you, Mike. I thought last night's jacking session with you was pretty hot. It was kind of funny shooting our cum on each other, but it sure was a hot time for me," Will said as he turned his head and looked right at me. 

I returned his look without blinking and said, "Yeah, it was hot all right. I'm looking forward to more, too. And now, from the sounds of it, it's my turn in the shower." Just as I finished that sentence, Jeff came into the kitchen and looked quite a bit refreshed. I was looking forward to the same so I headed to get a change of clothes and went to the shower. I don't mind being sweaty and dirty but I sure like the feeling of being clean, too.

When I came back out, the table was all set and dinner was laid out. We sat down to eat and again, Jeff silently bowed his head. Will and I waited until he was done, then we ate heartily and chatted. After dinner, it was my turn for dishes, which I managed in short order. We headed for the living room, where I switched on the TV. Will and Jeff had made a fire and the heat was beginning to fill up the large room. We watched some of the pre-game show while dinner settled. The heat from the fire coupled with a full stomach made the atmosphere a little on the sleepy side.

Will stood and stretched. He tended the fire, then turned and spoke: "Jeff and I were talking while you were in the shower, Mike. I asked him about the things you and I had discussed. He said he wasn't offended but also wasn't sure he wanted to do anything tonight for the same reason he mentioned earlier. Plus he is still wrestling quite a bit after that business with Vinnie."

Jeff spoke up, "That's for sure. I like both of you guys and all that, so that is not an issue. And I guess I would not be opposed to trying that mutual thing with you. But I need some time to get my head together, plus I have just about had it for today. I think I'll watch a little football and then turn in for the night. I can be sure that my bunkmate won't wake me up tonight, which I'm thankful for." 

I replied, "I want to watch some football, too. I don't imagine it's going to be a real late night for any of us. We really should be in place tomorrow morning by sun-up, too. We did come here to hunt, after all." 

We each found a place to settle in and watch some football. Jeff fell asleep during the first quarter. We woke him up during a commercial break and he went off to bed. Will and I settled back down on the couch. We watched the first half, then muted the TV during half time. I stood up to stretch and Will did the same. When Will stretches, he makes the most of it with arms extended way away from his body, arching his back, the whole nine yards. 

As he finished he brushed the back of his hand across my chest, my stomach, and then my groin, pausing long enough to trace the outline of my cock against my lounge pants. "Look what I found," Will said. "I think there's something alive in there. Did you know that?" he asked.

"Seems more alive the last day or so, that's for sure," I replied. As I moved closer to Will, I reached my hand out and found a nice bulge in his pants. We were now facing each other and somewhat off to the side so that we could easily fondle one another with our right hands. "Looks like there are other things alive besides what I've got," I said as I looked at Will.

"Same species of wild critter, I believe," Will said. "Maybe even cousins. They do look somewhat alike, you know." Will's hand began to slowly squeeze my growing bulge. "They even seem to be on the same wavelength."

I felt my cock growing inside my pants even as I was feeling Will's cock growing in my hand. "Whew, Will! This is really turning me on," I said softly. I leaned in to his neck and whispered in his ear, "You really are the man, Will. I like the manly way you approach me. I like the firm way you grope me. You turn me on, man," I whispered.

Will moved his mouth right next to my ear and blew softly into my ear, sending a sensation of warmth all over my body, and whispered, "The feeling is mutual, friend. You're making me leak. Did you know there really is only one good use for what's leaking?" 

"Actually," I replied, "there are two good uses for what's leaking. It can be used both as an appetizer and as a lubricant. Did you know that?" I asked.

Will breathed heavily into my ear and said, "The lube part I get but you'll have to demonstrate the appetizer thing you're referring to."

As I squeezed Will through his jeans, I heard two gasps. One was from Will, of course. The other one came from the other side of the living room. I looked over to see Jeff standing there in a t-shirt and lounge shorts. There was no mistaking what was going through his mind, as I could see a sizeable bulge in his shorts.

"Wow," Jeff mumbled. "Whew! I woke up just a minute ago and did not hear anything out here but the lights were still on so I thought I'd check to see if any lights accidentally got left on. Then I saw you two fondling each other and now I'm more than excited. I know I said before that I wasn't sure about this but I'd like to join you guys if three is not a crowd."

In answer, Will and I separated enough to welcome Jeff into our midst. We formed a loose triangle and I asked Jeff, "Are you sure you want to do this? I mean, you're more than welcome here. I just don't want to rush you or anything."

"The only rush that is going on is the blood rushing to my manhood. I guess I am as ready for something like this as I'll ever be," Jeff said quietly but intently. Jeff was a grown man and I saw no reason to question his interest any further. I reached out and began squeezing Jeff's cock through his shorts. This brought a moan and an extended, "mmmmmm," from Jeff. He in turn began to feel Will's cock through Will's jeans and Will reached over to continue massaging me.

I reached one hand over to begin undoing Will's jeans. Jeff joined in and between us we had them open and unzipped in no time. I looked at Jeff and spoke softly, "This is all real new territory to each of us. We are just kind of feeling our way around here, literally," I said smiling.

Will reached over to fondle Jeff and my hand moved to Will. Jeff now reached over and began squeezing my manhood. This was a whole lot hotter than anything I remember doing as a teen. That was a hormone driven frenzy. This was a deliberate, unhurried mutual satisfaction time among three married men. Based on the amount of moaning going on, it sounded like a good time was being had by all.

Personally, I was intent on giving as much pleasure as I could. I began to notice little things that seemed to turn the other two on. Jeff seemed to really like having his balls squeezed gently. I ran my fingertips down Will's neck from his ear to his shoulder. This brought a slow release of breath from Will and I knew I had found a hot spot for him. Jeff put his hand behind my head and ran his fingers through my hair. I just liked being touched and that turned me on.

I turned toward Jeff, giving Will the sign to follow my lead. We both leaned in to Jeff and began whispering into his ear. "I'm enjoying this Jeff. And I'm enjoying it because you are a man through and through. I like it when you touch my manhood, mmmm," I said.

Will spoke softly, "Mike's right, Jeff, you are a real man. You have a nice cock and you are strong. I like it when you feel my cock. I like it when you put your hands on me and touch me. You have a strong hand and manly grip. It feels good being with you right now."

Jeff released his hands from our respective manhoods and put his arms on our shoulders, drawing us closer to his body. "I can't believe how much I am enjoying this. I have to confess I had secretly wondered about this for a long time but was too reserved and ashamed to admit it. But I freely admit that I am really turned by you two right now."

"Forget any shame," I said, "and let's just enjoy this time right now. I want to feel some skin in my hand. I believe it's time to shed these clothes." I stepped back and peeled my shirt off. Will and Jeff followed suit. Will also took his jeans off, so we were each down to one garment. I was not wearing any underwear and from the feel of Jeff's cock through his lounge shorts, neither was he.

I drew us all into our triangle and they both got the message as each of us wrapped our arms around the others and held our triangle tight together. By shifting from side to side, we could rub our cocks against one another. This was so hot. One moment my cock is connecting to Jeff, the next moment to Will, and then to Jeff and so on. 

I leaned to Will and nibbled his ear. He did the same to Jeff and Jeff completed the circle back to me. I turned to Jeff and swirled my tongue around his nipple. This brought a gasp from Jeff and he did the same to Will, who then licked my nipple. I moved one arm up to Will's shoulder and pulled him in. Jeff and Will followed my lead and we were as tight torso to torso as three guys could get. Out heads met in the middle and we all stared down at our cocks straining against the thin fabrics of our undershorts, still swaying and grinding. "Man, is this ever fucking hot!" Will exclaimed.

We kept this up for about ten minutes. I slowly moved my hands into the middle of the triangle and gripped Jeff's cock in one hand and Will's in the other, squeezing and moving my hand on their shafts as much as the impeding fabric would allow. The other guys joined in and shortly each of us had two hands on our cocks, squeezing and kneading the hard flesh. 

It was Jeff's turn to speak. "I want to feel more skin. I want to feel your cocks in my hands, no clothes. What say we strip the remaining clothes off each other?"

Will and I each placed a hand on Jeff's hips and slowly brought his shorts down. I pulled the waistband out to get it past his rock hard cock. The shorts slid to the floor and Jeff stepped out of them. Jeff and I did the same for Will and Jeff pulled the waistband back this time. It was my turn. My cock was glad to be free from my pants as Will pulled the waistband back and Jeff helped get my lounge pants off.

There we stood in all of our combined glory, each of us hard as hard can be. We stepped back into our triangle, pulled our foreskins back and our cocks could now touch each other skin to skin. This sent a whole new series of sensations into my nervous system. Judging from the looks on their faces, Will and Jeff were enjoying the same intense feelings.

I reached out for Jeff's cock and began squeezing his shaft. Will grabbed mine and Jeff took Will's. We squeezed each other for a moment and when Jeff began to stroke Will up and down, Will and I followed suit. Keep in mind that we are all uncircumcised and obviously Jeff and Will both make as much pre-cum as I do. We were a well oiled stroking machine.

Will spoke Jeff, "Mike was indicating to me when you first came out that pre-cum is not only a lubricant but an appetizer as well. He never did explain that part very well. I wonder what he had in mind?"

"Something like this," I replied, squeezing both of them hand on the shaft and drawing pre-cum to the tip of their cocks. I then reached down and swirled a forefinger over the tips of their cocks, first Will's then Jeff's, gathering a taste of their pre-cum onto my finger. I stuck my finger in my mouth and spread their clear and sticky lube on my tongue. I tasted it and swallowed it, saying, "Not bad. Tastes kind of like mine."

Will did the same thing and had the same reaction. Jeff just stood and took the whole thing in, then spoke up saying, "Whoa! I don't know if I'm ready for that yet but it sure turns me on knowing you guys are wanting to taste me like that. Oh, what the heck!" Jeff reached down, copying our gathering technique. He swirled the mixture between his thumb and forefinger, examining the sticky texture before licking everything clean. "This is a new one on me. Never tasted my own so I have nothing to compare it to. It wasn't bad, though."

We continued stroking each other and after a few minutes we changed hands, and I now I had Will's cock, Will had Jeff's, and Jeff had mine. This was so hot. I reached with my free hand and massaged Jeff's balls and they completed the circle. Now I had one hand on Will's cock stroking him while fondling Jeff's balls. Jeff was stroking me and had Will's balls in his hands. Will was stroking Jeff and had an easy grip on my balls. This was too much. I was almost suffering from sensory overload.

I was working up a sweat. I looked at Jeff and Will who were both intent on the task at hand but I could also see beads of sweat on their foreheads, as well. I spoke softly, "This is hot, guys. Plus it's fun. I am really enjoying this. To have real strong men with a good grip on my manhood and a gentle hold on my balls is beyond words to describe. I am really enjoying it."

"Man, you can say that again, Mike," Jeff mumbled. "Somehow I don't think I am going to last two hours tonight."

"This is hot as hell!" Will said excitedly. "This feels so good. I don't want it to end. We've been at it for a while now. Let's see how long we cam make it last."

Jeff and I nodded in agreement and we just kept up what we were doing. Every couple of minutes we would switch so that the stroking hand did not get tired. If one of us started stroking faster, this was a sign that he was wanting to cum so the other two would intentionally slow things down. Each of us had at least one time when we picked up the pace. Each time the others would slow him down.
