 This story is a continuation of the adventures of Mike and Will. They have already had one round of sex, then after dinner Mike had given Will another blow job. It was now Mike's turn for another release. Hope you enjoy it!

*

"Whew," Will exhaled while pushing up from the floor to a standing position. "That was intense, buddy, and now I hope you are ready. I can't wait to return the favor." Will looked at me with such a tender longing in his eyes. I could never put into words what that longing look did for my heart, my soul, and my body. My leaking and aching cock strained against my jeans.

Will pulled me to my feet and drew me close to him. It turned me on so just having him hold me tight to his body. His strong arms around me gave me a sense of true acceptance and with that a sense of comfort and protection. There was some deep part of me that needed that physical connection to another man. I can't really explain it but I needed it and was blessed to have a good buddy like Will fill that need.

Will ground his soft cock slowly against me and whispered in my ear, "Mike, my friend, you are such a man. How I love holding you and feeling your strength and manhood so close to me. You turn me on, buddy. I can't tell you how often I get distracted just thinking about moments like this...mmmmmmm..." 

Will licked my neck and breathed heavily where he had licked, causing goose bumps to go down my spine. This man was great lover in many ways but I think the most important was that he opened himself to me, allowed me to see his soul and then invited me to open myself to him. I let down the draw bridge to my soul and welcomed Will in.

Will continued to whisper affirmations of care for me and appreciation for my manliness. He pulled my shirt up over my head and the meeting of our toned and hairy chests made my breath come in shallow gasps. Will sucked first one, then the other nipple. I leaned back and at the same moment ran my hands through the unkempt bush that was Will's hair. I pulled him tight as he sucked my nipples really hard and nibbled on them. For some reason my nipples have always been a real tender and sensual spot and Will always had the right touch with them.

Will moved lower, sitting on the edge of the couch and began licking across my abs. Will had done this before and we both enjoyed the sensation of his wet tongue flat against my hard stomach. My cock was throbbing for attention but I was truly enjoying this foreplay, as was Will. Will kept licking until he came to my navel, where he swirled his tongue around. This always made me giggle just a bit as it tickled me.

Will flicked at my hair trail as it disappeared behind my jeans. He then got his tongue wet all over again and began licking inside the edge of my underwear from my hair trail toward my left hip. This was something new and I liked the sensation. Will turned me slowly as his tongue stayed just beneath the edge of my underwear and continued around the back of my left hip. 

Will reloaded with spit and licked across to the middle of my back. He pulled my jeans and underwear back just enough to get his tongue into the crease of my crack. This sent bolts of sensation up my spine and down my crack at the same time. I never knew how tender that spot was!

Will reached his hand between my legs and began groping my balls and cock tenderly through my jeans. A wet spot had appeared without my notice and as Will felt it with his hand he moaned in pleasure. Will licked down into my crack again, then moved across my back to my right hip. He turned me again and ran his tongue under the edge of my underwear over to my hair trail, where he stuck his tongue down below the edge of my jeans.

Will had been working on my jeans removal technique but had not quite mastered it yet. Instead he chewed softly on my hard cock through my jeans and sucked on my wet spot as he deftly undid my belt and unsnapped my jeans. My moans and words of encouragement gave Will clear direction and he unzipped my jeans. 

He stood for a moment, looked me square in the eyes and said, "I'll do whatever you want, buddy, just tell what you want. I want to bring you as much pleasure as I can." With that same longing desire in his eyes, he leaned forward and kissed me hard on the mouth, then dropped to his knees. Will carefully pulled my jeans down and I stepped out of them. I was now nearly as buck naked as Will and just as horny as I'd ever been. 

My cock was straining to be free of my briefs, which now sported a huge wet spot. "Oh, Will, buddy, please release my cock, buddy. Oh, man, I need you. I want to feel you hot wet mouth on my nuts. Oh, Will, please suck my nuts," I murmured. Will quickly slid my briefs to the floor and I flung them away with my foot. 

My grateful cock sprang free and I ran my hands through Will's hair again as he licked on my balls and then gently drew them one at a time into his hot mouth. He pulled and tugged gently until he had all my excess ball skin in his mouth as well. What a feeling to have my best buddy sucking on my nuts. 

Will brought his fingertips up to brush against the hair trail to my asshole. This sent shivers up my spine and I leaned forward to give Will some more room for his fingers. He proceeded to lick his finger and run it from the top of my crack, across my asshole and right up to the base of my cock. "Will, that feels so good, buddy. Oh, do that again, please," I moaned. Will was only too happy to comply and I experienced a fresh wave of tingles all throughout my groin.

"Will, my man, I am going to sit on the edge of the couch and I want you to lick my crotch while you run your fingertip across my asshole. Would you do that for me?" I asked. Will released my balls from his mouth, nodded and smiled.

I positioned myself near the edge of the couch and brought my heels right on the edge, causing my legs to spread wide open, giving Will plenty of room to work. Will began by licking the underside of my cock from my balls to the tip and back down again. He stuck his tongue into my foreskin and got a nice glob or pre-cum on his tongue. He knelt down and let the pre-cum drool onto my crotch, where he used a finger to spread it into my crack and across the tight muscle of my asshole.

Will dutifully licked my crotch, being careful to keep his tongue away from my bunghole. His tongue felt great as he licked my man root and kept running his finger across my hole. This was really starting to drive me wild and I started bucking like a bitch in heat as he continued licking and fingering my crotch and crack.

My cock was throbbing with the need for release and I had plenty of sexual pressure built up for a nice hard orgasm. "Will, I want you to do something for me, buddy. I hope what I am about to ask doesn't gross you out," I said.

Will looked at me with that gaze that said he was willing to do whatever I wanted. "Say on, buddy, tell me what you want," he said.

I hesitated before saying, "When I tell you to, I want you to stick your finger in my ass. I've heard that this increases the intensity of orgasm and I really want to try it and there's no one else I want to do that for me. Would you be willing, buddy?," I asked.

"I'd been thinking about that myself so yeah, I'll do that for you, gladly. If it's as good as we hear, I'll have you do it to me next time, too. Anything to please you, Mike, anything at all," Will smiled and continued, "You want it sitting down or standing up?"

I stood and pulled Will's head to my cock, where he began to lick my slick puddle of skin. He pursed his lips on the tip of my cock and slowly and deliberately pushed his mouth onto my cock, forcing my foreskin back and drawing my wet cock head into his hot mouth. 

What a feeling that is when the heat of Will's mouth first registered in my cranial brain. This is the brain that sees occasional action during sex. The other brain is located in the organ having the sex. There is a distinct difference in sensation between a hot mouth and a warm pussy. As much as I enjoyed sex with my wife on the rare occasions she wanted it, there was nothing at all on earth like a blow job from my best buddy Will.

Will put his hands on my ass and drew me full length into his mouth. When he bottomed out against my bush, I held him there and just enjoyed the pleasure of my cock being fully enveloped by Will's hot mouth. I tried to concentrate on as many of the nerve endings on my cock as I could. Will licked the underside of my as he squeezed my ass with his hands. 

"You know what to do next, buddy," I whispered to Will. He pulled his mouth all the way back to the tip and plunged down again, but this time, as he drew back he wrapped a hand around my shaft, keeping my foreskin all the way back. 

Will curled his lips around the rim of my cockhead on the backstroke and kept the foreskin all the way back as he expertly moved up and down my cock. This had to be heaven on earth. It was such an exquisite feeling to have the one man in the whole world I cared most about doing this for me.

Will's strong hand gripped my shaft hard as his mouth continued to move over my cock head and down my shaft to his hand. This was your standard form of blow job but it was by no means average. Granted, we had both had enough practice that it was right that we should be getting good at it. Nevertheless, each time was a new and unique experience and we tried to make each one memorable in its own right.

I was so fucking hot and horny and Will had been sucking and licking my cock now for about twenty minutes or so. I felt the familiar tingle, which for me starts down near my ankles and comes up the insides of both legs, and meets together in my balls, giving way to an explosion of jizz. 

"Oh, Will, get ready, buddy, oh, fuck, this is going to be so good. MMMM, oh fuck, here it comes, here it comes, buddy, NOW, NOW, DO IT!" I hollered. Just as my balls were on the brink of unloading their contents in a burst of orgasm, Will licked his finger, found the target, and plunged his digit into my asshole. "Oh, you fucker, oh, fuck, oh fuck, oh what a fucking feeling," I shouted as I pumped my cum into Will's hot mouth. 

Will continued slowly finger fucking my ass as I held his head tight onto my cock, continuing to shoot one strong rope after another even as Will continued sucking and slurping my cock. He then held my foreskin back one final time as the last of my cum pumped out. 

I leaned forward and asked Will to slow his finger down even more but still keep it in. He looked up at me with this dazed and pleased look on his face. It was great to be buds and to give ourselves to one another's pleasure. 

Will's finger had found my prostate and as he touched it another glob of jizz ran out of my cock. Will slurped it up and pulled his head off my cock. He slowly removed his finger from my ass and I fell to my knees. I faced him, pulled him to me and collapsed into his arms. 

I began to sob and I did not really even know why. Well, I loved this guy, for one thing and I guess my tears were shed in gratitude for having such a close friend and such a willing and eager sex buddy. I could feel Will's quiet sobs, as well. These times were so intimate and so needed. They were refreshing and so enjoyable, too.

We laid down on the couch, spoon like, and fell into a dreamy kind of sleep. It was still early but we were spent for now. I was satisfied and happy. As I drifted off to sleep with my arm around Will's midsection, I knew that more release was waiting for us on the other side of rest. I smiled in anticipation and drifted off. 

TO BE CONTINUED...