 Will and I enjoy our times together and I thought you might be interested to hear how we developed the friendship that we now have. It all began with a hunting trip five years ago. My uncle Chet was quite a sportsmen but had no children and when he died, he left his spacious hunting camp along with two hundred acres of prime hunting land to his only surviving male relative, yours truly. Well, that is a whole lot of land to hunt all alone so I began looking for a hunting partner among my hunting friends. 

I have hunted with five or six different guys at different times for different game. We would often hunt together in the fall and this gave me a good opportunity to observe the character of these men. The bottom line evaluation when it comes to hunters is first, safety and second, character. The guys with questionable safety habits or character traits do not get a second invitation to hunt with me. This evaluation process got me down to the four or five regulars, among whom was Will.

I decided to invite Will, already a shoo-in regular hunting pal, along with Jeff and Vinnie. Jeff and Vinnie were both good hunters though I never really hit it off too spectacular with either one of them. But I decided to give them the benefit of the doubt and invited them along to the cabin. Only Will had any idea that this hunting trip was a kind of test for future invitations.

We left on a Friday morning, with the prospect of ten days of hunting white tail deer on that large tract of land. Friday was spent getting settled and going over topographical maps of the land and planning our drives through the woods and placement of the primary shooters. We would leave the cabin at 4 AM on Saturday morning and see what we could scare up.

On that Saturday morning, we stationed Jeff and Vinnie at the pre-selected sites and Will and I would hopefully drive the deer to them. Will and I saw a number of white tails but that is about all we could see. We kept slowly moving toward the kill zone when suddenly we heard several shots from two different guns. This sounded promising so we just kept going until we came upon the shooters standing over their prize bucks. Jeff had downed an eight pointer and Vinnie a ten pointer. We stood around admiring the bucks for a few minutes before the shooters set to field dressing the animals. We all helped drag them back to the cabin and hang them.

We were done hunting for that day but after dinner the shooters recounted every last detail of their take. Frankly, it was boring to me and, from the look on his face, Will also. On top of that, Vinnie brought a bottle of booze, which I had specifically asked everyone not to do. I never was much of a drinker and I don't like to see drinking mixed with hunting under any circumstances. Vinnie was downing the stuff pretty heavy. Meanwhile, Will, Jeff and I were content with coffee. The more Vinnie drank, the louder and more obnoxious he became. Vinnie is five foot five and he seems to have a Napoleon complex or something. He seems like he needs to make up for his lack of height with all sorts of blustery bullshit.

He was pretty well gone but started bragging about what a man he was, blah, blah, blah. He was such a man, he was sure he was hung better than anybody else there. He challenged us all to whip out our dicks and we would just settle this thing once and for all. I am beyond this juvenile stuff but I have nothing to be ashamed of in the cock department. Plus I was hoping to shut him up once and for all. So we all stood up and whipped out our cocks.

There we stood with our dicks hanging out. I have to give Vinnie credit, though. Even soft, his cock seemed thicker than Will's and a little longer than mine. Jeff was kind of in the middle in both categories, though certainly he was man enough. Then Vinnie says, "Watch this!" and put his hand on his cock. He ran his thumb gently over the length of his shaft and massaged the rim of his cock. Within five seconds he was rock hard. I almost had to laugh. Though I did not have any experience with this sort of thing beyond the puberty stuff many of us go through, I admit I was impressed. Not only was Vinnie rock hard that fast, he was also pretty long.

Vinnie Napoleon was so impressed with himself, he got a tape measure out just to show us how long and thick he was. The rest of us began stroking to get our cocks as hard as we could. Granted, this was a chore seeing it was just us guys. Up till this point I had not given much thought to another guy's manhood but there we were, furiously beating our meat to get the fullest hard on we could. I mean, sure this was juvenile but I was certain I did not want to come in last just now. 

Sure enough, once the measuring was done, Vinnie was a good ten inches, to my eight and a half, Will's seven and a half and Jeff's seven. In thickness, the score was Vinnie: 7, Will: 6.5, Jeff: 6 and yours truly: just under 6-nothing to be ashamed about for any of us. We even pulled our shorts down low enough to get an idea on who had the biggest balls. Jeff got the prize hands down on that one. 

Again, none of us had anything to be ashamed of but Vinnie sure was the head rooster on this deal. Poor Jeff seemed kind of mesmerized by Vinnie's tool. I just kind of looked at the other guy's cocks, as did Will. I would guess this was the first time since puberty that I had been matching dicks with other guys. It was kind of funny, kind of a horny thing to do. 

The sexual energy in the cabin was almost tangible, though at least three of us felt a little awkward standing there with our hard cocks in our hands. Vinnie smiled and started stroking his meat. Jeff followed Vinnie's lead, then Will and I joined in. Vinnie was the only circumcised one (also the only unmarried one) and he was stroking his tool in an unhurried fashion. Surprisingly, Jeff, Will and I were all natural. A lot of guys are uncut but it just seemed a little beyond the statistics to have three out of four uncut in the same room.

I suggested we move in front of the fireplace. That way, if we came we could shoot right into the fire and no muss, no fuss. So there we stood in a semi-circle beating our meat in front of the fire. The fire was hot and so was the room. Poor Jeff just could not keep his eyes off of Vinnie. He said it was the first time he had ever done anything like this in his life and certainly the first time he had ever seen a cut hard cock. I guess I understood that. I remember being a puberty boy and seeing my cousin's cut dick while we were pissing in the woods one day. I naturally thought that every other dick was like mine and man was I surprised when I found out different.

Next thing you know, Jeff has his eyes closed and is moaning. Then Will starts in and I am right behind them both. Just hearing the other guys stroking noises and moans was really starting to turn me on. Not hearing anything from Vinnie's direction, I opened my eyes just enough to see Vinnie staring at the rest of us. His eyes were riveted on us, going from one cock to another. I also noticed that he was running his tongue over his lips like he was anticipating his last meal or something.

Vinnie caught my eye and I just nodded to him and lifted my cock in his direction, offering my meat to him. Talk about a 'deer in the headlights' look! Vinnie was caught dead to rights. "Come and get it, Vinnie. I know what you want," I said. Jeff and Will opened their eyes and there we all stood, wondering what Vinnie would do. The three of us crowded around Vinnie and kept offering our cocks up to him and encouraging him to take our meat.

Vinnie Napoleon was obviously at the mercy of his passion because next thing I knew, Vinnie was on his knees taking my cock in his mouth. He reached up and took the other cocks in his hands and stroked them while he was sucking me. Well, I had not had a blow job in years and it took all of five minutes for me to shoot my load. What surprised me was that Vinnie drank my jizz like it was his favorite beverage. 

Vinnie next pulled Jeff in front of him and began giving him head. Jeff shot his load after about five minutes, too. Then Will stepped in front of Vinnie and gave Vinnie the ride of his life. He put one hand on Vinnie's head and starting pumping his cock into Vinnie's mouth. Vinnie was whimpering and stroking his cock at the same time but never did try to get out from Will's punishing thrusts.

A hint of a smile started on Will's face and he grabbed Vinnie by the ears and slammed Vinnie's head down on his cock. He must have slammed him down eight or nine times, then held Vinnie all the way down while he emptied his cock down his throat. Will had a sneery, self satisfied look on his face. I am pretty sure he was thinking what I was thinking: show Vinnie up just like he tried to show the rest of us up.

We pulled Vinnie to his feet. He begged us to suck him or stroke him. Jeff reached out tentatively and began stroking Vinnie's tool while standing on his left side. I reached down and put my hand above Jeff's on Vinnie's shaft from the right side and Will reached down and squeezed Vinnie's nuts. Next thing you know, Napoleon is shooting his jizz into the fire place and Will put a vice grip on Vinnie's balls, squeezing them unmercifully hard. We released Vinnie and stepped back. We all pulled out pants up without another word, took our turns in the bathroom and headed off to bed.

Whenever we went anyplace together, which happened a few times each year, mostly hunting, Will and I always bunked in the same room. We are both early birds, we are both the same height and roughly the same weight, though Will is a little more muscular than me. We have the same public school experience in the locker room and are not ashamed or afraid of being seen naked and don't worry about it one way or the other. Plus we are both uncircumcised and that is kind of an unspoken bond between us. 

I made sure the cabin was secure and the fire was out, then joined Will in our room. I pulled the door closed behind me for privacy. "That Vinnie is some kind of asshole, isn't he?" I asked Will. "First he brings booze, which I had been adamant about. Plus the guy comes on all macho stud then takes us all down his throat like a slutty bitch. In spite of the blow job, which I have to admit actually did feel good, I seriously doubt if Vinnie is getting a second invite. What a strange day, huh?"

"Yeah, no kidding," Will answered. After a minute of silence Will looked over at me and said, "I know what you are up to here and I want you to know that I have always enjoyed hunting with you. And Jeff is all right, too. But I don't live to hunt with guys like Vinnie. I hope this is the last time I have any serious interaction with him. I was glad to show him up out there. I have not had a blow job in a long time either and I was damn sure that I was going to get my rocks off my way. No way was I going to do less than what I did. If I embarrassed him, he deserved it."

"Actually, I think he did a good job of embarrassing himself," I replied. "Did you notice how stunned Jeff was? I almost thought he was going to go down on Vinnie there for a minute. He just couldn't keep his eyes off Vinnie's dick. The whole thing was so stupid and silly. I was hoping to put Vinnie and his big mouth to shame. That's why I went along with the idea. I was pretty sure I had him in the manhood category."

Will looked intently at me as he said, "Actually you do, Mike. Cock and ball size has very little to do with manhood. Vinnie has a long way to go to understand that. But you have the manhood part down real good. I am glad we're friends." Will extended his hand and with a strong grip we shook.

"I'll say the same for you, too, Will," I said, still shaking his hand. I thought carefully before going on. "You are a man's man. Even the way you gave your cock to Vinnie was manly all the way. Any time I have ever heard of man to man stuff, usually one of the guys was a real sissy. I just hate that. If a guy is going to do that, he should at least be a man about it. Well, this was certainly some experience today. Let's turn in and maybe tomorrow we'll get our bucks."

"Sure thing, pal. Just one more thought before we hit the hay. It was really something to be out there with you in all our manly glory. I felt like you and I were on the same plane during the whole time. I just don't connect at all with Vinnie and the verdict might still be out on Jeff in that regard. But I sure seem to connect with you and I'm glad," Will said as he looked directly into my eyes before saying good night.

We turned out the lights and I was asleep in minutes. My slumber did not last long, though. I am something of a light sleeper and I awoke to a slight sound I could not quite make out. As I lay there, I could hear Will's rhythmic breathing, indicating he was sound asleep. Then I heard another noise, but very faint. I tried to place the sound. It finally came to me. I was hearing bed springs! 

Since neither Will nor I was doing anything to create that kind of noise, it could only be coming from one place. Vinnie and Jeff were up to something across the hallway. Just the realization of more sex going on nearby caused a stirring in my nuts and before I knew it, I was hard. I shifted around in bed and pulled the covers off enough to give myself unrestricted access to my cock. There I lay in my glory, with my cock standing at attention, slowly stroking my meat.

Will shifted in bed and his breathing pattern changed. After a minute or so I heard Will mumble, "What's going on? What time is it? What are you doing over there, Mike?"

"I have no idea what time it is, other than the middle of the night. What's going on is uncertain, though I can tell you I hear bed springs creaking across the hall. As far as what I'm doing, I'm just lying here stroking my cock."

"What are they doing over there?," Will asked.

I replied, "Like I said, I don't know for sure, but it sounds like somebody is laying wood to somebody else. I'll let you try and figure who is doing who."

Will sighed, "I was sleeping real soundly. Now I'm wide awake and you're over there beating your meat. It feels like someone turned the heat way up in my groin. Mind if I join in you?"

"Not at all, buddy," I said. "Help yourself." 

With that statement, I heard a rustling over in Will's bed, some creaking and then I realized Will was getting out of bed. He stepped over and slid under the covers next to me. There we lay, shoulder to shoulder. My heart began to pound. I could feel his movements, which were telling me that he had begun to stroke himself.

"You did say, 'help yourself,' didn't you?," Will asked. "Mike, you are the man. Let me give you a hand there." With that I felt Will's hand on my thigh and then he started caressing my bush and fondling my balls.

"Uh, Will, what the hell are you doing?," I asked, kind of joking and kind of serious.

"I already told you earlier that I appreciate your manliness. Then I get woke up, only to discover that you are stroking your cock in response to something those other two guys are doing. Then you tell me to help myself, which I am. Now you actually have the balls to ask me what I'm doing?," Will responded as he kept fondling my balls. His hand then moved to my cock. 

I released it and let him have control. I reached over and began fondling him and next thing I know, I have a good hold of his shaft and am matching the rhythm he has on my cock. This was too much! Where did all of this come from in the last six hours or so? I will readily admit that I sure enjoyed Will's strong and manly grip on my hard cock. It reminded me of his strong handshake. Apparently we were both producing a good amount of pre-cum as the stroking action was nice and smooth and made a kind of slapping noise.

"Mind if I try something?," I asked Will. "Nothing queer or dangerous or anything. I want to stroke you and me at the same time. Let's stand up." 

Will complied and we stood. I took Will's cock in my right hand and my own in my left and began stroking them in unison. It was hot, especially since we are both uncut. Just feeling his manhood under the strong grip of my hand was turning me on. After a couple of minutes, Will said, "My turn."

I released my grips and let Will take over. It felt so good to have his strong hand on my cock. It did not seem faggy or gay or anything. It was two married guys giving each other some serious pleasure. This was all so new to both of us and I could hear Will's breathing change, even as mine was.

"It seems like time to do our own cocks, Mike," Will said. He released my cock and put his left hand on my right shoulder to steady himself as we stood face to face. I put my left hand on his right shoulder and we stood stroking our meat toward each other as the faintest strip of moonlight shone in the window. "I am gonna cum pretty soon, Mike," Will said softly.

"Me, too, Will," I responded, "The way we are standing, it looks like we are going to be natural targets for one another. You can cum on me if you don't mind me cumming on you. Sound like a deal?"

"Yeah, fair enough. I have never thought twice about falling back to sleep with cum on me. I guess this time it will be your cum on me instead of my own. Let's see if we can cum together," Will whispered.

Through promptings and grunts and quiet groans, we managed to stay on pace to cum together. I was getting hotter and hotter and I wasn't sure how much longer I could hold out. It was fun stroking together. Then Will said the magic words, "Mike, I am about ready to cum...how about you?"

In response I squeezed his shoulder to let him know I was there with him. Our hands began flying up and down our cocks and our moans got a little louder. I could other loud noise across the hall. Maybe they could hear us, maybe not. It did not matter as Will and I squeezed each other's shoulders in sync and with a guttural moan Will began bucking and I felt splashes of hot jizz hit my stomach and then my cock and my hand. This sent me over the edge and I began firing jizz jets onto Will. I coated his hand and his cock with my cream and gripped his shoulder hard to steady myself. 

We continued to milk the last cream from our cocks onto each other, still holding on tight for support. I leaned forward and let my head rest against Will's collarbone. He did the same with me and there we stood, leaning into one another as we tried to regain our collective breath.

After a couple of minutes, my breathing and pulse were receding back to normal patterns. I stood up and offered my hand up to Will, "I believe this belongs to you," I said. 

"Only some of it," Will said as he licked some of the cum from my hand while offering his hand to me. We both cleaned off the other's hand, then found our underwear and pulled them on. I had big globs of Will's jizz on my stomach and bush and cock. I didn't really care. In fact, it kind of turned me on in a nasty, skanky way.

"Night, buddy," I said to Will. He mumbled something in return and started snoring. I began to finger the gobs of jizz from my stomach, tasted them, then swallowed them. I had tasted my own cum plenty of times and while Will's was slightly different in thickness and consistency, it tasted okay to me, almost identical to mine. 

I drifted back off to sleep after cleaning up as much of his cum as I could. I slept like a baby, wondering what the next day would bring.

TO BE CONTINUED...