 Tommy and Cindy had been married two weeks. They were on their honeymoon in Florida. They had wanted to escape the cold of Boston and took a bus to Florida. They didn't have a car, as a matter of fact about all they had was each other. They had been out at a secluded beach all day, fucking themselves ragged out in the dunes. Now they found that they had missed the last bus to where they had a small motel room. 

They were walking down the road, hoping to flag a ride, when they saw headlights approaching. They both started to wave frantically. The bus, a long yellow bus with heavy wire over the windows, stopped. They didn't think to question what kind of bus it was. They just hurried in. They were getting a little chilled since they were still wearing their swimming outfits. For Tommy this meant an almost transparent pair of trunks. Cindy had ripped out the lining so she could see his seven inch cock outlined in the material. Cindy had little more than three triangles of material that covered strategic parts of her anatomy. The material didn't do a very good job.

The interior of the bus was dark and they had to adjust to the lack of light. They were able to make out ten men looking at them. The lust in their eyes showed through , even in the dark. They knew that they had made a mistake then. Three of the men got up and grabbed the young newlyweds. It was useless to struggle against large strong men. Tommy was a slightly built boy of nineteen, only five foot seven. Cindy was a little beauty with short brunette hair and a perfect alabaster like body. Her only imperfections were small dark moles on her body that only contrasted with her beauty.

The rear of the bus had the seats removed, leaving a large open space. When the men told the couple to sit, they were glad that the area was at least carpeted. ""We hope we don't have to tie you two up. If you promise to behave then we can forgo that." They nodded their head's in agreement, unable to speak. Yen Tommy looked up to see that all the large mean looking men had come back and was looking at them. They were mostly looking at Cindy but a few were also looking at Tommy. He felt a chill run up him. "It looks like we don't have to do a lot of work to get them naked."

"Take off those things or we will have to do it and we just might leave them in tatters," the same large man said. 

"Tommy...help us please..." Cindy thought that her new husband could help them.

"Tommy can't help...little girl. He's going to be busy himself." The men laughed as the buss swerved off the paved road. The rough ride told them that they were on a dirt road, or rather a sandy road. Then it stopped and the men began to undress. Cindy was horrified at what was about to happen. When the first man pulled his pants off she gasped as she saw the huge thing sticking from under a large belly and from a thick dark mass of hair.

"Now I said to take them things off or we will...now you better get them off by the time we're naked or we will rip them off." The large man stripped his pants off and his turgid cock sprung out, even larger than the other man. Cindy started to cry and Tommy started to beg.

"please...we are on our honeymoon." he said this as if it were some magic words that would make the men cringe and cross them selves. Instead it had just the opposite reaction. They started to laugh and stroke their cocks, which were all standing at attention now that all dozen or so men were naked. Tommy knew that if they ripped his trunks off then he wouldn't be able to wear them if they ever left this bus.

"Cindy," he told her as he stripped his trunks off, "I think you had better get your suit off before they ruin it. It had been a gift from Cindy's girlfriends. They had told her that it was sure to inflame any male libido. She began to remove her panties. For some reason protecting her hair covered pussy was not as important as her medium sized breast. It was tommy that undid the clasp at her back. The twin Triangles fluttered to the floor, where one of the naked men picked it up and placed it on a seat. Another had placed both bottoms on the seat already.

"See how nice we are Cindy," the man, who was evidently the leader said, "All we want is to have a little sex." He hesitated for a minute and then said, "With both of you...then we will let you go." He told them that they were going to wait for a boat that would take them to where the cops couldn't find them. He also said that they were all prisoners and that they had all been unjustly convicted by one rabid prosecuter. "We been behind bars a long time and the boat will take us to a country that don't extradite. Our families will meet us there." 

"You two just kinda fell into our hands and we couldn't pass that up. We haven't had sex, except with each other, for a long time. We hope to make that up with you two." 

The couple were told that they had only till dawn the next morning and that they could go then. Cindy had relaxed some at hearing the men speak so intelligently. Tommy on the other hand had been hard ever since his trunks came off. Cindy was huddled against her new husband for protection. "Tell you what...you two can start it off. most of us never saw a honeymoon couple make out, except when we were married...so tell you what Tommy we are going to let you take her before we do and we'll watch." 

Tommy had never had sex with Cindy with anyone watching, unless they counted the peeper in the dunes earlier. They were having some sex and cindy saw the man crouched behind some long grass, watching them. She had tried to pull away but Tommy said, "Let his see us honey...let him see you naked." She had and Tommy had begun to fuck her cunt better than he had ever. Cindy got into the exhibition too and looked at the man while she sucked Tommy's cock. She had seen then that the man had his cock out and she had became excited at seeing it.

That's why when she saw all the naked men surrounding her that she was getting her fondest wish. Cindy and her best friend used to play with each others naked bodies and suck breast and pussies. She was scared but she was also excited. She opened her arms up to Tommy and he nervously kissed her. "Hey fuck her with her sitting on your cock, Tommy." The couple looked at each and decided that they had better do as they asked. Tommy was sitting with his legs out in front of him. Cindy straddled his lap, but before she could seat herself on his erect cock, she felt hand's spreading her cunt open. Tommy felt hands grasp his cock and guide him into her cunt.

Cindy felt her face turned away from Tommy and stared in the face of the leader. He took her face in his large hand's and gently began to kiss her. Another man took Tommy's face and brought his large lips to Tommy's thinner ones. "Please...I never kiss..." he didn't get to finish because he felt the man's rough lips on his. Even years before when he was younger,he never kissed even one of his buddies even though they sucked each others cocks. A few times a smaller boy with a small cock, actually stuck it in his anus. He had liked this at the time but had grown out of things like that.

Cindy could feel Tommy's cock as it penetrated her cunt for the fifth time that day. Ever since she and Tommy has started to fuck each other, before they were married, she knew that she loved Tommy's cock in her. Here in the semi dark of the bus she knew that she would have the cocks of all these men in her. The thought frighten her, and at the same time excited her. She had saw the circle of hard cocks and only a few of them were the size of Tommy's cock. She shuddered when she thought of the fat cock that looked like it belonged on a horse. It belonged to the leader. Perhaps that how men decided who would be the leader was by cock size.

Right now Tommy's hard cock was driving into her cunt and it felt great as it always did. They had started fucking and from then on they thought about nothing but fucking . Their parents were more than happy to help them out as soon as they could get married. An extended honeymoon, like the one they were on, was to give them time to get all the sex they could. Cindy almost laughed. It looked like they would be getting more sex than they ever imagined. She felt the leaders thick hot tongue pressing her lip's open as she kissed him. He ran his tongue down her throat and then sucked her own tongue into his mouth. 

Kissing a man was something a little different from kissing a girl, Tommy was thinking. His man was sucking his tongue and he was beginning to feel funny. he started to return the kiss. he sucked on the thick tongue the man pushed into his mouth. Then Tommy felt his arms moving from around Cindy and he put them around the man and pulled him into the kiss hard. Cindy smiled as she kept kissing the leader. She loved being kissed, although Tommy was the only man that kissed her, unless you counted all his friends that lined up at their wedding to plant a passionate kiss on the bride. Cindy had wondered what it would feel like if she had sex with the guy's. Her and Tommy had sex many times before and now that she was married, sex was something that she was allowed to do. They had left on their honeymoon before she could act on her urges.

Now she was acting on her urges, and it was looking like she was forced, except the leader was a gentle man and was softy rubbing her breast as he kissed her. When he worked his fingers down to where she and Tommy were joined. She gasped as he worked one of his large fingers into her cunt along with Tommy's cock. "Looks like he don't feel that cunt of yours Cindy." Cindy knew that he was telling the truth. She loved Tommy but after they had started fucking for a few weeks. her cunt seemed to loosen up to where she felt him, but it didn't fill her up like when they first started. Now with the leaders finger up her with Tommy's cock, she felt fuller that she had in months. That's why she had been thinking about sex with Tommy's friends at the wedding. When they held her and kissed her, she could feel their hard cocks against her. Some were much larger than her new husband.

Tommy felt the man's finger against his cock and he realized that Cindy felt as tight as she did before she seemed to loosen up. He actually liked it. When the man he was kissing took his hand and brought it down to wrap it around his thick cock, Tommy squeezed it hard and wanted to suck his first cock in a long time. The leader seemed to sense that it was time and he lifted Cindy from her husband's cock. At first Tommy felt the cook air around his cock and it felt like he was all alone. Then a large rough feeling hand grasped it. Tommy just let it happen as the man lowered him to the floor and took Tommy's cock down his throat. Tommy let loose a cry of surrender as he took the large cock in his own mouth.

Cindy could see her husband as she spread her legs wide for the leaders large body. She felt the tremendous weight of him on her. She reached between their body and grasped his large cock, barely fitting her hand around it. She brought the leaders cock to her cunt and moaned loudly as he sunk into her slowly. He was still larger than she was used to, much larger, and she let the leader take his time seating his cock in her. Then it was all the way in her cunt. She felt her belly against his thick hair there. Then she opened her mouth in a deep kiss, She drew him to her and whispered, " Please fuck me...fuck me like a woman now."

The leader did just that and from where Tommy was sucking the sweet sperm from his lover's cock, he could see and hear his bride fucking the leader like she was his woman. Tommy gulped the man's cum down his throat like he was starved. This was what he had been missing for so long. Another man's sperm in his mouth. That man fell away and was replaced by another man who turned Tommy on his back. Tommy seemed to know what was coming and he spread his legs eagerly. The new man shoved a large cock into the depths of his rectum. Tommy cried out loudly in pleasure as the cock sunk into his ass. Cindy heard her husband and saw him being fucked next to her. "Oh yes...fuck him...fuck him hard...he loves cocks as much as I do."

That was when the leader filled her cunt. he kissed her, "I guess I had better let some of these others fuck that sweet cunt of yours now...I'll be fucking you more tonight." Cidny was still kissing him as she felt the new cock spread her cunt open. She then turned her head to deeply kiss her new lover. Cindy began to fuck the new cock. It amazed her at just how a different cock felt when it penetrated her. True, she loved her husband's cock and always would, but this new cock was a new delight to contend with just as she had with the leader's cock.

Tommy felt the hot sperm inundate his rectum. A lot sprayed out of his anus as the giant cock in him began to cum. The man grunted and yelled that he was fucking the cherry ass. For some reason it made Tommy feel good to know that he had made this big rough, ugly man with the salami like cock cum. He hugged the man's body to his own slim flesh and moaned at the sheer joy of what had just happened to him. He had taken this large cock and fucked it and made it cum, just as a woman would do. Tommy felt the same power that Cindy had professed to him that she had. Now Cindy accepted another cock. The men changed so quietly that she wouldn't have noticed a new man was fucking her except that her cunt detected a difference in the cock. She kissed the last man as he slipped away from her, and turned to kiss the new man. 

Tommy was experiencing the same with his men. Now he had a cock in his rectum, shoving in and out easily. Each time the cock would withdraw all except the head, Tommy would feel his butt feel empty. As the man pushed into him again he felt, and welcomed the warmth that was the man's cock. He turned away from the kiss when hands budged his face around and he found a hot slick cock head being placed in his gasping mouth. On and on through the night, the married couple fucked the desperate men. It was near dawn that Cindy and Tommy were left, snuggled up naked and sweaty into each others arms. They had fucked the men in the bus twice. Once when they took the young brides body and again as they took the boy she married. Between the two they had fucked the ten or so men over and over again. they sucked their cocks and drank down globs of sweet slimy sperm. Tommy had collected a full rectum that was kept full of cock.

"That girl had about the softest most velvet feeling cunt I have ever had," One man was saying to his friends.

"The girl was nice, very nice, but that boy has the tightest ass I have ever fucked, ant that's a lot of butts.' another would say. As the couple lay asleep the men talked about each facet of their fucking them. At dawn the stole away into the darkness. he returned two hours later, " We have to cover the bus...the boat won't be here till tomorrow morning." The men left the buss and started to hunt foliage and branches to make the bus blend into the background. When they finished, it would have been necessary to be right on top of them to see. Two by two the men stole away to the ocean to bathe, especially their cocks and anuses. The couple seemed to like to bury their faces in the men's ass creases and tongue the wrinkled tight ring of their anus. Candy had sucked a man's anus for a long time. She loved to scratch her tongue with the dark wiry hair that curled around his rectum.

It was close to noon when the couple finally were awake. The leader told them that they could go wash in the ocean. The leader said that he believed that they would return. he was right. The subject did come up about th couple leaving on the next bus that came by the beach. It came they stayed and then after telling each other that they wanted to do it, headed back to find the bus. Cindy told Tommy that he shouldn't be upset that she liked other cocks. She said that she had been thinking of them but till the men gave her the chance she had never tried another cock. Now she said that she would always want other cocks. Tommy confessed that he never knew what bliss really was till he had a fat cock inside him. Cindy told him that he now knew what she felt when she let a new cock into her.

When they got back the men laughed and hugged them. ""We didn't know if you would return or not but we wanted to give you a chance. The leader said that he was happy. The other men echoed his sentiments. All of them lay naked and eating some bread and cheese, and washing it down with wine. Cindy whispered to Tommy and then told the others what they had been whispering to each other about. "I told Tommy that I wanted us both to share each cock till we made the guy cum. The leader was chosen to go first. He lay down and held his arms out for the two young people to come into his arms. After hugging them both he began to kiss Cindy and then kissed Tommy. The two got their heads together and were able to kiss the man at the same time. Both the honeymooners sucked on the sides of the leaders tongue and swallowed his saliva. Then Tommy held Cindy's cunt open so the man could tongue her cunt deeply. Lisa thrashed about like a crazed woman from the intensity of the man sucking her.

He was equally as animated when he sucked Tommy's youthful cock in his mouth. The couple reversed theirselves and sucked on the large cock till it filled their mouths with sperm. The two had spent an hour with the leader. Each man after that got equal treatment. The couple tried different variations with each man. One man would drive fully in Cindy's anus and loose his sperm in torrents in her. then Tommy and the man would suck the sperm from her. Each man would kiss the bride with their mouths full of goo and Cindy would suck and lick them clean. Tommy thought that Cindy would balk when it came to her sucking sperm from his ass, but she fastened her mouth to his rectum and sucked till his rectum was clean. 

The time finally came that the leader returned to the bus and told everyone to follow him. The boat was waiting for them. It was a large boat and couldn't come as close as they hoped but they swam to it. The leader kissed Cindy and Tommy. Before he left he handed the two a hand bag. When they later looked at it they were surprised to find it full of cash. it was the unmarked booty from a armored car several years back. The money was clean and they had plenty themselves. Cindy and Tommy had learned that the men had all taken part in the heist. they were caught and sent to prison but just recently they had escaped. When the boat was out of sight they looked in the bag and saw that it contained a few hundred thousand dollars.

Two years later a young boy, barely legal age, lay naked between the couple as they kissed and licked his youthful body. "oh yes...you taste so good...don't he taste good tommy?"

Tommy had been sucking his left nipple while Cindy sucked on his right one. "Oh he taste real good baby...you know how to pick them." 

Cindy had met the young man as she drove to do some shopping. Tommy stayed at their beach side house with some very young girls they had met. By the time Tommy had gotten there Cindy and the three girls had sucked and stuck their tongues in every crevasse they could find on each other. When Tommy came in the girls wanted to suck his cock. As she left Tommy was sucking one young girl's cunt while the other two were licking up both sides of his cock. Cindy had met the young man and invited him back to their home. The man agreed eagerly. When she and Tommy laid the young man down on the bed and began to love his body the man put both of his hands in their respective hair and stroked them. Tommy looked at his wife as they descended on the hard up right cock , sprouting from the young man's blond cock hair. "You know Cindy... you sure know how to pick them."
