 I have been trying to write the second part of this for months now. The Married Guy and I have become pretty regular fuck buddies and I have some more experience I want to share with you guys but I need to finish this first experience off.

When I left you (which was in June), the Married Guy had come over to my place, we had stripped down to our speedos, he had sucked me off and I'd cum all over his chest and I had sucked him off and swallowed every last drop of his married man juice. He was sitting on my couch and I finally took his cock out of my mouth and tucked it back into his AussieBum speedos.

We were both a bit of a mess, the Married Guy had my cum all through his chest hair and my white AussieBum speedos had cum residue all over the front of them.

I told the Married Guy to have a quick shower while I poured another drink.

Drink in hand I walked into the shower, which is pretty tiny, just as Married Guy was getting out of the shower now without my cum on his chest. I handed him his drink and told him I'd get him some dry speedos. I had thought about this before he arrived and I gave him my favourite ADIDAS 3-stripe speedos.

I gave Married Guy the ADIDAS speedos and I jumped in the shower for a quick rinse. When I was done I changed my white AussieBum's for my AussieBum Portsea speedos. The Portseas and I have a long history of amazing sex and I wasn't finished with the Married Guy just yet.

Walking back to the living room, Married Guy was standing in the kitchen looking just fantastic in the ADIDAS speedos, they are a perfect fit on me but a little small for him and he filled them out!!

We chatted over our drinks for the next 20 minutes or so. Married Guy said that is the first cock he has had in his mouth since he was in college and said that his head was spinning when his lips first touched my cock. He did say that his wife gives a good blowjob, but that my enthusiasm definitely won the day. Some guys get freaked out after they cum and want to flee the scene of the crime but the Married Guy seemed relaxed and stoked with what had just gone down.

Married Guy explained that he and a college room mate had fooled around in speedos but it had been mostly jerking off while in the same room. They did suck cock but it was a pretty poor attempt from how he described it. He said he really hasn't had any gay tendencies since then until getting back in the pool a few years ago and hanging out with guys in speedos. It seems that speedos and the Married Guys gay tendencies go hand in hand. Approaching me at the pool as Married Guy did wasn't intended as a pickup but he was and is pretty happy how it worked out.

Since he discovered that I am the Dave Evans he has been enjoying going back through my speedo experiences. In particular he enjoyed reading about Alex's sexual awakening (you can read about that on my blog).

I poured us another drink and with all this sex talk were were both starting the stretch the front of our speedos. The ADIDAS 3-stripe speedos of mine that the Married Guy was wearing were not doing a very good job at restraining his cock.

"Have you made many anal experiences?" I asked.

"I have twice with girls but the wife isn't into it so I'd say I'm inexperienced at anal."

As I took the couple of steps towards the Married Guy I nearly whispered... "Wanna fuck me?" And without giving him a chance to reply I put my right hand on his lycra clad cock and started kissing him.

I let the Married Guy into my bedroom where I had condoms and lube all ready.

We were both on our knees, Married Guy behind me rubbing his cock up and down my butt crack - both of us still with our speedo on. He was kissing my neck, his hands were on my hips and he was super hard. I undid the front of my blue speedos, like the ones I was wearing earlier, there is no elastic in the waist so once the drawstring is undone they are super loose.

I handed the Married Guy a condom. I looked behind me to see his cock finally free of the black ADIDAS speedos as he hurriedly put the condom on. He said it has been decades since he last wore one of these.

I then handed him the lube which he coated his rubbed cock with.

Then I bent over and told him to go to town.

Holy cow, he fucked me hard!!

I'm used to guys fucking me and coming after only a few strokes. I love that of course but Married Guy, probably because he had cum in my mouth about 20 minutes earlier lasted more than a couple of strokes. He pounded me for at least 10 minutes.

I only lasted about 5.

His thrusting forced me off my knees and down on my stomach with my cock rubbing against my bed sheets I couldn't hold out and made a complete mess of my sheets. Even my orgasm didn't make the Married Guy cum but he did eventually and WOW!!

The weight of a real man felt amazing as he was gasping for air and he was completely spent.

I don't think the Married Guy needed to ask his wife for sex that night - hehehe.