 Spontaneous erections and ejaculations came up on the Speedo Forum in a discussion and it got me thinking about a day at the pool last week which I meant to tell you guys about.

While I have never had a spontaneous ejaculation, I do get lots of uncontrolled/intended erections in speedos.

Last week I went to the pool and had arranged with the Married Guy to maybe hook up afterward in the change rooms. I got there early and usually I just wear shorts over my speedos and leave them near the edge of the pool but it was kind of drizzling rain so I went into the change rooms which are a little walk from the pool.

There were a few people in the pool but otherwise no one around. I pulled down my jeans, I was wearing my black ADIDAS 3-stripe speedos under them. Grabbed my goggles and started walking to the pool.

By the time I walked the 50m from when I took my jeans off to the edge of the pool, I was 90% erect!! Just the feeling of being outdoor in speedos, the feeling of being out in the open wearing very little is such a turn on for me. I didn't waste anytime getting in the water and as soon as I started swimming my cock calmed down a little bit.

After swimming for nearly an hour, the Married Guy and I walked back to the change rooms, he had a towel, I had nothing. On the walk back I was hard again despite it being a little cool. But that was knowing what he and I were about to do in the change rooms.

The Married Guy and I hadn't fooled around in a while and he had told me before that he was super horny.

When we entered the change rooms, I headed straight towards the disabled shower (it is bigger than the usual ones, is at the end of the row and where we've fooled around there before). The Married Guy checked that there was nobody else around, threw his towel on his bag and joined me. I had the water on when he came in wearing nothing but a classic black lycra speedo.

As I mentioned earlier, I was horny by the time I walked into the change rooms, the black speedo being worn by the Married Guy wasn't hiding his growing erection.

He grabbed me by the throat and pushed me back against the tiled wall of the public shower.

Then his tongue was in my mouth kissing me hard, there was a hint of violence but it was one hundred percent pure pent up sexual frustration. The Married Guy usually isn't into kissing but we were sucking face and our cocks were grinding against each other.

Breaking off our kiss, he dropped to his knees and ripped my speedos down to the ground, the drawstring was still done up but he just ripped those speedos down.

My cock popped out and was right there in front of his face, the Married Guy started sucking it with the same ferocity that he had when we were making out just seconds ago. Since we had planned this rendezvous a few days in advance, I had a full load of cum ready for the Married Guy. He was sucking my cock, I had my hands on the back of his head and it felt amazing!

Grabbing his head I started cumming in his mouth. I was trying to be quiet but if someone was getting changed there is no mistaking what was going on in the last shower stall.

Half way, maybe a little more, through my orgasm the Married Guy had stood up and was kissing me again, He hadn't swallowed my cum and now it was mixing in with both our mouths as we kissed again. There was some cum lost in the process and it was all over our chins and dripping on our chests.

Dropping to my knees I had to kick one leg out of my speedos which were still around my ankles. I still had my back to the wall but now the Married Guys cock was at eye height just begging to be released from the lycra of his black speedo. I pulled back the leg of his speedo releasing his fat, throbbing, cut, veiny, purple cock. I was admiring it when the Married Guy was thrusting it towards my lips. My back was to the shower wall so there was no where to go except down my throat.

I took it all and it was getting jammed down my throat as the Married Guy thrusted. I pulled his balls out of his speedo and held on to them with my left hand to hold him back from impaling me on his cock. My right hand was stroking the bottom half of his manhood alternating as my lips took it in, and out, and in, and out.

The Married Guy was better at being quiet than I was just minutes earlier, his cum exploded into my throat without warning. I took it all and didn't let his cock out of my mouth until it began to soften. His hands were up on the shower wall above me as I drained every last drop. Before I got up I tucked his cock, and balls, back inside his speedo.

We got our shit together and left the shower cubical, thankfully (or maybe not) nobody had entered the change room while we had been doing our thing.

With his wife away for a week, the Married Guy was horny and asked me if he could come back to my place after he finished work and fuck me. It sounded great but I had some people coming over for dinner.

So the next day, instead of a swim, he came over and fucked me.

---------------------------

This happened back in October. This Friday the Married Guy has agreed to join a foursome with a fuck buddy of mine and his boyfriend. This will be the first time he's fooled around with anyone other than me and he is both excited and nervous. Keep an eye on my blog for the details, or maybe I'll share it with you here in a few months time.