 This is the fourth part of my first story. I hope you have read the previous parts to understand how I have got to where I am now. As usual I welcome any comments or suggestions. Still unsure what is the right category!! I'm assuming Gay Male but could be BDSM.

*****

It's now four weeks since my life changed, still debating whether for the better or not.

Four weeks ago I met a guy for the first time for what I hoped would be some good clean safe sex, maybe a blowjob or mutual wank. The guy, Jim, had a different idea as somehow he had seen in me, from messages exchanged online, a submissive nature. 

As of now I have only met him once but I have already had several experiences at his direction. In addition to our one meet where I got to suck his large cock, I have been humiliated and used by his brother and a mate. In addition I have come to totally realise my own shortcomings in the cock department. I had always thought myself average but now realise small is more accurate. This became more evident last week when Jim had me shave myself completely which exposed how small I actually am. 

What made it worse was that my wife, Olivia, laughed when she saw me shaven and for the first time in our lives she said how small I looked. Though she apologised many times and said she didn't mean it, the look in her eyes when she laughed and said it told me the truth. If she hadn't thought it before she certainly did at that moment.

I am still worried as to what I got myself into but I am nevertheless excited and anxious as to what will happen in the future. I check my secret phone and email many times a day to check whether Jim has got in touch. I also look at the pictures Jim has of me, one with me sucking his Brothers mate, Dave, and one of me full frontal naked after shaving myself entirely.

Jim says I have to trust him but I am very concerned where the pictures might turn up in the future. I have a very responsible professional job, an accountant, looking after many clients around the country on behalf of the company I work for.

My other main concern is how often Jim mentions Olivia. He now knows her name, her details, her golf club and the fact that she laughed at me last weekend. I plead with him to leave her out of everything and he keeps telling me to trust him but I cannot help thinking what he might be up to.

It is now Wednesday after the weekend of my humiliation with Olivia. I have not heard yet from Jim since the email last Saturday evening. I am trying to behave normally at work but I think that several of my colleagues are looking at me funnily. I have been less than patient with some of them and I think that has been noticed. My personal secretary has asked me several times if everything is okay but I tell her it is and to stop asking me. I wonder what they would all say if they saw the pictures or knew what I had done 

to date. I think they would enjoy my humiliation.

The day was spent mostly in meetings with some preparation for next week when I am due to travel to different parts of the country, including Jim's home town. I wonder if Jim will be free to meet me and whether he will have new tasks or experiences for me. Although scared I know I really want more new experiences and hope that I can satisfy Jim's wishes for me. After every meeting I checked my phone and email but still no word from him.

Thursday was similar with more meetings and final preparation for my week away. Again no contact from Jim and I am beginning to wonder if he has decided I'm not worth his time or efforts. I wonder if I should contact him but think that he would not want that. As I was driving home that evening I nearly crashed my car when my secret phone vibrated in my pocket.

"Can you talk, if so call me now," the text said.

I pulled over the car into a motel carpark and immediately called his number.

"Hi Sir, how has your week been?"

"Hi Wimp, it has been good, I have been thinking about whether I want to continue with your education or not."

"Why Sir, have I done something wrong?"

"I'm just not sure that you're serious about learning how to be a true sub, have you been giving it much thought?"

"All the time Sir, Olivia at home and all at work think I'm acting strangely, I keep checking my phone and email and I was worried when I did not hear from you, Sir I desperately want to please you."

"Olivia ever mention your small cock since?"

"No Sir, but I have caught her watching me every day when I am getting undressed or dressed."

"Wimp you do know what she's thinking, don't you?"

"I assume Sir that she is thinking how small I am."

Laughing he said, "Probably she's thinking how come she thought you were anything bit pitiful."

"Maybe she is Sir, that is probably the worst of all that has happened so far, that she might be thinking that."

Laughing again, "You've been humiliated in public, scared of being arrested, sucked the cocks of my brother and his mate and what you're worried most about is your wife thinking your cock is small, ha ha ha ha."

"Sir please stop laughing at me, I know I'm small."

"You really are a pathetic wimp, I think I will continue your education, if only to show you how humiliation really works, how good and bad I can make you feel."

"Thank you Sir."

"Now, tell me what are your work plans next week."

"On Monday and Tuesday I am in your town Sir, Wednesday and Thursday I travel onto Dodstown and Friday I come home to the office here."

"Are you staying in the same hotel?"

"Yes Sir."

"Ok Wimp, I want you to get a mini suite in the hotel, I might just move in with you for the two nights."

"Yes Sir, I will change the room when I get home tonight, may I ask what you have planned?"

"No, you may not, I have not decided yet but you will enjoy whatever I choose, I have to go now, keep your phone close, will be in touch, bye."

With that he was gone and suddenly I was content and happy that he had been in touch. I was truly becoming attached to Jim and looking forward to learning more from him. Although still scared and nervous I wanted next week to come quickly.

I carried on home to be greeted by Olivia with the usual peck on the cheek, asking how my day was. She commented that I appeared to be in better form and I told her that I thought I had secured a new client. 

"That's great, maybe now you won't be so anxious all the time. You're away next week, aren't you?"

"Yes, I'm away from Monday to Friday."

"Ok."

"Have you any plans for next week."

"Not yet, I might play some more golf and Jenny has been talking about having a night out, I might do that."

"That's a good idea, no point in you being in all week when I'm away."

Laughing she said, "Whether you're away or not."

I didn't quite know what to make of her comment but I let it go. I didn't want to think about the possibilities of Olivia playing away from home. 

On the Friday I went to work as usual, getting as much preparation as possible done for the client meetings the next week. I didn't know how much of my time Jim intended to use up so I wanted as much done as possible. The meetings were with important clients and I didn't want anything to go wrong with them. My secretary asked me where I wanted to stay so that she could book my hotels. I told her I would do it myself which surprised her as that had never happened before. I didn't want her asking why I might want a mini suite. 

"Grand, do it yourself so," she said as she left my office.

All of the next weekend I was nervous but excited at what might happen during my trip. I so wanted to experience new things but just wasn't sure exactly they might be. Of course I had some thoughts based on what had happened so far. I assumed that Jim would want me to do more to him and him to me including being the first one to fuck me. That scared me a little but deep down I knew I wanted it to happen at some stage. What else he might have planned I had no idea. 

Olivia asked me about our weekend away and we agreed that we would go away in two weeks' time, I asked her to think about where she would like to go. That got her off my back a bit and gave me time to enjoy my week away.

On the Sunday morning I woke to an email from Jim.

ToWimp

FromSir

SubjectYour trip

I assume you have been thinking about your trip and how you will please me. I want you to bring the following items:

-White, black, red and yellow briefs

-Picture of you and Olivia together and some of Olivia on her own

No questions allowed, just do it or don't bother meeting me.

I looked at the list of items trying to figure out why he would want these things. Of course the picture scared me but my most curiosity were the different colour briefs. I replied that I would get the items, not thinking it wise to raise any issues about my concern about the picture. I could do that when I met him.

He sent me another email that evening to tell me to contact him as soon as I arrived in his town on the following day. I replied that I would.

That night I barely slept at all and my tossing and turning in the bed drove Olivia so mad she went to the bed in our guest bedroom. On the Monday morning I apologised to her telling her she could get lots of sleep while I'm away. She laughed and said that she would enjoy the bed on her own. With the usual peck on the cheek and hug I left for the train station and got my train to Clonalty, the town in which Jim lived. Although only an hour away I usually stayed over there when meeting clients before travelling on further south to meet others.

On reaching Clonalty I proceeded to my first meeting with an old client that I have been dealing with for over twenty years. Although not a big client in fee terms he was one of my first so I remained loyal to him. He was having a big problem with the revenue and I needed to help him sort it out. We were going to meet with revenue officials to determine what kind of a settlement might be acceptable to them. On the way in the taxi to the Client's office I took out my phone and texted Jim.

"Sir, I have arrived, am in taxi on way to my first meeting."

Immediately I got a reply, "Good Wimp, what part of town in the meeting in?"

I texted him the area and got back, "Ok enjoy your meeting, I will be in touch."

When I got to the office building I nervously looked around expecting to see Jim but there was no sign of him. When I approached the security man to sign in I thought he looked strangely at me and I wondered if he was another friend of Jim. He told me I could go up to my client. I was becoming paranoid now that everyone I came into contact with was a friend of Jim.

The meeting went well with a settlement figure agreed which pleased my client. He asked me to dinner that evening in order to thank me but I cried off saying that I had already agreed to meet with another client. He seemed to accept my reason and said we would do it next time I was in town. I left him to go onto my next meeting which was at noon in a nearby office.

On the way my phone vibrated.

"Where are you Wimp?"

I told him the general area and that I was on my way to my second meeting.

"How long is the next meeting going to take?"

"Sir, we are having a short meeting and then going to lunch."

"Where is the lunch?"

"I do not know Sir, my client has booked somewhere."

"Ok, I want you to text me the location of the lunch before you go there."

"Yes, Sir as soon as I know."

I met my client and asked immediately where lunch was. He seemed to think it strange that I asked but told me that it was a local Italian restaurant called Roma. I excused myself to go to the men's room and texted Jim the details.

We had our short meeting reviewing some figures that I had sent him for a major project on which he was working. Then we headed for lunch. Once again I was very nervous as I was expecting to see Jim at any moment or to have someone else mention him to me. We got to Roma and took our seats in one of the corners, my client treated like their best customer. Maybe he was for all I knew. We had a glass of wine while awaiting our food and chatted about his kids, both of who were in Europe on a break. Our starters arrived and we proceeded to eat what was delicious Italian food. 

While the waiters were clearing our starter dishes I looked over to the other tables around us. It was then that I noticed a man eating on his own, the menu up to his face. While I continued to look at him he dropped the menu but it was not Jim as I had thought, or maybe even that I had hoped. We then had our main course with neither of us wishing any desserts. Both of us ordered coffee. 

Just as the waiter left another customer came up behind me and seemed to accidently push against our table and spilled some wine on me. When I looked up it was Jim.

"Oh I'm sorry, don't know what happened there, 

let me buy the two of you another wine to make up for it."

My client responded, "No, You're ok, accidents happen, no harm done."

"But I've spilled some wine on your friend here it's the least I could do, I insist," he said looking directly at me.

I said, "Ok, if you insist, maybe you'd like to join us for one."

My client looked over at me funnily, obviously finding it strange that I would invite a total stranger to join us.

Jim called the Waiter over and ordered three glasses of what we were drinking. I continued to wipe my wet trousers and I excused myself to go check if I could maybe dry them in the men's room. 

Jim laughed, "Don't get caught with your trousers off in there."

I left my client and Jim chatting and went to the men's room. Seeing there was an electric hand dryer on the wall I looked around to see of anyone else was there. Seeing no one I quickly took my trousers off and started to dry them using the dryer. Just then the door opened and two younger guys came in. They looked at me strangely and at each other.

"Wine accident." I said.

They laughed, did their business and left.

Before my trousers were totally dry the door opened again and Jim walked in. 

"Hi Wimp, were you waiting for me."

"Yes Sir, I did expect you to come in."

He went into one of the cubicles and signalled for me to join him. 

"On your knees, we don't have long."

Immediately I dropped to my knees and undid and dropped his trousers, even without being asked. I took his cock out and started sucking on it straight away.

"Wimp I can see that you have missed cock," as he held my head and fucked my mouth roughly. I was gagging, trying to take it in my mouth when he started cumming heavily. I tried to swallow it but it was coming so fast some of it dripped out.

"What have I told you about not spilling any of Sirs' cum?"

"Sorry, Sir I tried not to."

"Ok, for now, you are going to have to learn how to take it all, now get back to your client."

I quickly tidied up, put my trousers on and went back to my table on which the three full glasses lay.

"Where's he gone," I asked my client.

"He said he had to take a phone call, I don't mind telling you he seems to be somewhat weird, he kept asking if I thought someone would take advantage of you in the men's room if they found you without your trousers on."

I laughed, "Maybes he gone, let's hope so anyway, lets drink our wine and get out of here."

Shortly after we left and said our goodbyes. I hailed a taxi and gave the driver the address of my next meeting on the other side of the town. My phone vibrated.

"Wimp where are you now?"

"Sir, I'm in taxi on way to my next meeting, that should last about two hours and then I plan to check into my hotel."

"Ok, let me know when you on the way to the hotel, when you check in get two key cards."

"Yes Sir I will do that."

The two hours with my next client, our biggest one in this town, seemed to last forever. I did my best to give them my full attention but my mind kept drifting to what might happen later this evening. At the end of the meeting my client asked me if I was free for dinner but I told him I was meeting a friend.

"A Fun friend?," he laughed

"No, just an old friend I haven't seen for a while."

"Enjoy it, you know if you ever wanted company while you staying over I could arrange that!"

I laughed nervously, "I'm a happily married man but thanks anyway."

"Happily married men have fun too, anyway have a good evening."

On that note I said goodbye and left the office. I was surprised at his closing comments as in the many years we had been meeting nothing like that had ever been said before. I wondered why he had said it now; had he noticed some change in me? I told myself that I was being silly and overthinking everything. In any event I had other things on my mind.

It was now 4.40pm. I texted Jim that I was on the way to the hotel. He told me to check in and to text me my room number. When I got to the hotel the male receptionist, when checking me in, asked me if it right that I wanted a mini suite. When I confirmed that he asked if I was travelling alone. When I said yes he seemed surprised that I wanted the suite. He looked even more surprised when I then asked for two key cards. I said that a friend might stay over if we have too much to drink later. He smiled at me, gave me the keys and told me to have a good evening.

I left the reception desk telling myself to stop being stupid, I should have said straight away that I would not be alone. 

When I got to the room I looked around and was surprised at how large it was. There were two double bedrooms, large living area, large bathroom and an extra ensuite shower. There was also a well-stocked mini bar. I unpacked my bag and went to have a shower. After my shower while drying off, my phone rang.

"Wimp, have you checked in?"

"Yes Sir."

"Did you forget something?"

"Oh Sorry Sir, I forgot to send you the room number, its 405."

"Open the door."

"Now Sir?"

"Open the door WIMP."

I went to the door and looked out of the peep hole, only to see Jim standing outside. I opened the door immediately and he barged in, dropping a bag on the floor.

He looked at me standing there with a towel around my waist. He told me to lose the towel.

"You're even smaller than I remember Wimp, why did you send me the room number?"

"Sorry Sir I was going to after my shower. How did you know where I was?"

I was in the lobby when you arrived and followed you up, and waited to see if you would follow simple instructions, go stand in the corner and face the wall."

I did as he had commanded. I heard him look around the suite and take his bag into the main bedroom. I heard him open the wardrobe in which I had hung my clothes and open and close the drawers in which I had put my underwear and socks.

I'm not sure how long I was standing there, it seemed a long time. 

"Turn around."

When I turned he was sitting on the sofa, sipping what looked like Bourbon. He stared at me and looked my body up and down, not saying anything for what seemed like ten minutes.

"What do you think is going to happen tonight?"

"I'm not sure Sir."

"Come on tell me, you must have thought about it."

"I assume Sir that you want me to suck your cock and maybe others as well."

"You think that's all?"

"Probably not Sir but I don't know what you might want from me."

"You will find out soon enough, I have a lot of new experiences for you, I hope you will trust me fully and not question what I tell you to do, that's if you really want to learn how to be my true Sub"

"I do Sir; I hope I will not let you down."

"Ok, the first thing we are going to do is to go for dinner to a favourite restaurant of mine, then we will go a private club."

"What kind of a club Sir?"

"Ok, another rule you have to learn, you do not ask questions, is that clear?"
