 This is the fifth part of my first story. I hope you have read the previous parts to understand how I have got to where I am now. As usual I welcome any comments or suggestions. Still unsure what is the right category!! I'm assuming Gay Male but could be BDSM.

*****

It is the morning after the day in which I had more new humiliating but exciting experiences. My Master, Jim, had stepped up my training in a big way. I have come, in a very short time, from being a normal married guy in a mundane marriage to being a total submissive, experiencing bi sexual activities, being humiliated publicly and being seen naked by a large bunch of guys cumulating in Jim fucking me hard in front of all of them.

I have been also seen naked for the first time, other than my wife, by another woman who, together with a friend of Jim, examined me anally.

Perhaps the worst thing that has happened to date is that my wife, Olivia, laughed at me when she saw me after I had shaved myself around my cock and balls. In the 25 years we have been married she never once indicated that she thought my cock was small. When she saw me shaved bare she laughed. Although she later apologised saying she didn't mean it, I know deep down she meant it. I have come to realise how small I am in comparison to the many cocks I have seen since I met Jim for the first time, only five weeks ago.

Jim has gathered a lot of information about Olivia, her details, her laughing at me, where she plays golf and some pictures of her that he took from my bag while we shared the hotel suite. Worryingly he has pictures of me naked and me sucking cocks as well as videos of me being examined by Tony and Betty as well as others. While he says that I have to trust him, naturally I am very worried that the pictures or videos could fall into the wrong hands. I also worry that he may tell Olivia.

Since I was very tired I did manage to fall asleep quickly after Jim had left. I had a train to catch so I set the alarm for 7.00am. At 6.00 am I thought I hear a phone ring but thought I was dreaming so ignored it. However it continued to ring so I opened my eyes wearily and looked around the room to see the light flashing on the phone on the locket next to my bed. I picked it up.

"Good morning Wimp this is your early morning call," I heard an unknown voice say.

"I didn't request a wake-up call," I replied.

"Jim told me to call you at 6.00am, now go open your door for your room service."

"What room service."

"Just go open your door."

I got out of my bed and put a dressing gown on and went and opened the door to my suite. Standing outside were two guys I recognised, the hotel receptionist and the room service delivery guy from the night before. 

The receptionist said, "Good morning Wimp, room service."

I looked at them inquisitively and the confusion must have been apparent on my face.

They pushed me aside and entered the suite, both of them laughing.

"We have come for room service."

Still half asleep I looked at them, still confused.

"Take your robe off and walk to the window."

I looked over as the room service guy opened the curtains. All the rooms in the hotel were located around a courtyard so all rooms were facing many others on the other side. One or two lights seemed to be on even at this early hour of the morning. He turned on the light on some of the table lamps in our room.

"What are you waiting for?"

I looked again at them but automatically opened my robe, dropping it to the floor, now standing naked before them.

"Walk and face the window."

I walked towards the window trying to see if I could see anyone in any on the other rooms. I could not make out anyone. I faced the window and waited.

"I wonder how many people out there are looking at your pitiful cock. Probably if they are they cannot make out anything," the receptionist said laughing.

"Go out on the balcony."

I looked back, pleading with my eyes not to have me do that.

"Do it Wimp, you do know that Jim is recording this."

I looked around looking for cameras, remembering that he had already recorded me in this suite.

Knowing I had no choice I opened the balcony door and stepped outside into the cold morning. I again looked around the courtyard to see whether I could see anyone in their rooms. Again I could not make out anyone, relieved that they were all asleep.

The guys had me standing out there for about five minutes when I heard the receptionist say, "Do it now."

I looked at him thinking he was talking to me, he just smiled at me. He was speaking to someone on the phone. Just then I noticed many lights go on in the rooms around the courtyard and I went to come back into my room.

"Stay where you are."

I looked around to see more lights going on in rooms all around me. I then noticed movement in many rooms with curtains opened and then lights turned off. In the darkness of some of the rooms I thought I saw movement but couldn't be sure. Before long most of the lights had gone off and I couldn't be sure how many were looking at me. I knew there were some as I saw movement in some rooms even with their lights off. I also saw some flashes go off. At this stage I must have been out there for over 15 minutes just standing there facing the opposite rooms.

"Come back in."

I nearly ran back in so relieved was I to be allowed back into the room. I went to go the far end of the room away from the window.

"Stay near the window."

The younger guy came up to me and squeezed my cock and balls. I squirmed and he laughed.

"That was some video you showed me last night, I was very surprised to see my boss here fucking you, did you enjoy it?"

"I didn't know it was him."

"I didn't ask you that."

"Yes I did," looking down at the ground as I answered him.

"I know you did Wimp, you were made for service, on your knees."

I knelt and he stood before me. I didn't need to be told what to do so I reached out and opened his uniform trousers. I remembered that the previous night I had not liked the taste of his cock, all musky and sweaty. As I took his cock in my hands it seemed even more sweaty and I couldn't help wondering if he was washed since last night. As I took it in my mouth and smelt it, it was obvious that he had not and I pulled away from the stale smell. 

"What's wrong Wimp," as he pushed my head down on his cock.

My stomach felt sickly as I sucked on his sweaty cock. I then felt another hand on my head, pulling it off the cock. I turned to face another cock and started to suck on what was a far better tasting cock. Eagerly I sucked on it as I watched the younger guy wank to the side of me. Just as he came, spurting his cum onto my back, the receptionist came heavily in my mouth, so heavily I struggled to avoid spilling any. Knowing that Jim could be watching this now or later I swallowed it all.

They then let me stand up.

"Turn and bow to your audience," the receptionist said laughing.

I had forgotten about the open curtains and I turned around scared to see who might be watching. I gave a short bow and immediately I could see about eight lights in the surrounding rooms come on. I backed away from the windows, the two guys applauding me.

"Ok Wimp, you better get yourself ready, Jim says you have a train to catch, see you at checkout." 

With that comment they left the room. I immediately closed the curtains and had a quick shower. I packed all my stuff and left the room. I had to check out at reception and was surprised, but relieved, to see a different guy there. 

"You must have had a good party."

"What do you mean?" I answered, scared of what he might know.

"Either that or you had a lot of drink yourself," handing me my bill.

I looked at my bill and was stunned at the cost of my stay. In addition to the room there were food and drink charges of $300. I gasped at the extent of the charges.

"Will I charge them to the usual company account?"

"No, I will pay them myself," handing over my credit card to him, "Just charge a normal room rental to the account and I'll pay the difference and the charges."

He prepared two separate bills, getting me to sign the company one and giving me one for $450. I was stunned as he entered the amount and I put in my pin number to authorise. I began to worry how I would explain this to Olivia. As I looked around I began to wonder just who had seen me earlier in my room and I couldn't help thinking that everyone was looking at me. I saw one couple and two guys together point at me and laugh. I took back my credit card just as the original receptionist came out of the office behind the reception desk.

"Are you leaving us Sir, I hope you had a good stay and that you'll come back soon again."

I looked at him smiling at me, "Yes thank you."

"Don't forget to fill in the comment card about the service you got," openly smirking at me.

Just then the room service guy appeared behind me.

"Can I take your bags Sir, call you a taxi?"

"No, you're ok, I can manage myself."

"I insist Sir, let's go get you a taxi," as he lifted my bag and walked towards the door.

"He's probably looking for a big tip from you Sir," the receptionist said, winking at me, "Have a good trip, see you again soon."

I quickly followed the service guy, wanting to get out of there as soon as possible. Outside he had hailed a taxi for me and was talking through the window to the taxi driver. They were laughing loudly as he opened the door for me.

"No need for a tip Sir, your tip last night was more than enough."

When the taxi door closed and I told the driver my destination I began to sigh with relief that I was away from there. When I reached the train station I paid the driver with a small tip included.

"The other guy said you were a huge tipper."

I quickly gave him another five dollars and almost ran away from the taxi into the station. I did not hear what he shouted to me but noticed that a number of people seemed to be staring at me. I got my ticket and took my seat, happy to be alone with my confused thoughts. 

While on the train I remembered that I hadn't heard back from my text last night to Olivia. I wondered if she was annoyed at me or getting me back for not contacting her for two days while I was with Jim. This was the first time in our married life that we had not spoken in a day and I was stunned that I completely forgot to call her. I took out my phone and texted her again.

"Hi Love, sorry again for not calling you, work has been mad with these new clients, how are you? Hope you still talking to me, lol."

I stared at my phone wishing it to ring or tell me I had a new message. Just then my secret phone beeped.

"Hi Wimp, hope you enjoyed your wake-up call!"

"Hi Sir, it was a surprise alright."

"Did you enjoy it?"

"Yes Sir although I was scared so many could see me from the other rooms."

"You passed the test though, I watched it all from the secret cameras, and I have a recording as well, you are becoming quite a performer."

"Thank you Sir, may I ask if you have used those guys before?"

"No questions remember but as it happens no, but I might again, lol, tell me what's your day like."

"I have one meeting at 11, then lunch with the same client and two other meetings in the afternoon."

"And in the evening?"

"No plans yet Sir, one of the clients may ask me to dinner or drinks."

"If they do, turn them down."

"Ok Sir, I assume no point in asking why?"

"Correct Wimp, no point, I may contact you and then again I may not."

"Ok Sir, I will await your call."

"How's Olivia by the way?"

"Sir, I am worried, I forgot to call her for two days and now she has not responded to my messages."

"Maybe she's having fun with a real man."

"I don't think so Sir, Olivia is not like that."

"You mean like you weren't five weeks ago!"

"That's different Sir, I'm sure she just busy."

"LOL just think about it Wimp, a real man inside your ladies wet pussy, does that excite you?"

"No Sir, I don't want her involved at all."

"That may not be your choice, I'm gone, have a good day and keep your phone close."

"Thank you Sir, hope you have a good day."

"Oh believe me I will, Bye Wimp."

"Bye Sir."

I looked at my regular phone to see there was still no contact from Olivia. Jim now had me wondering what she might be up to. Was there any way she was playing away from home? I seriously hoped not.

My train was about to pull into my stop so I gathered up all my papers and prepared to leave. I left the station, hailing a taxi to take me to my first meeting. On the route there I received a message from Olivia.

"So you're still alive then!"

"Yes, I'm in taxi, can I call you when I'm out?"

"No, I'm just about to have a massage, we can talk later."

"Massage?"

"Yes, I'm away with Jenny, talk later."

"Ok, Love you, xx"

I did not receive a response which worried me greatly. I remembered now that she had mentioned seeing Jenny but I did not think they were going away anywhere, I wondered where they were. I also remembered that Jenny, according to Olivia, can be a huge flirt with strangers when she had drink taken. Olivia was not a big drinker and could not handle much alcohol and I wondered if perhaps anything might have happened while they were away. I put it out of my mind as I approached the office where my meeting was to take place.

My meeting and lunch happened without incident or any more messages from Jim or Olivia. I had become accustomed to expecting instructions from Jim at any time. I went onto my afternoon meetings, both of which again went smoothly. As expected my final client of the day invited me to dinner but I declined on the basis of another appointment. I did not know what that appointment might entail, if anything, but I was nervous yet excited that I might have some more new experiences during this trip. I hailed a cab and went to my hotel where I checked into my room.

After entering my room I took off my work suit and put some light trousers and shirt on, over my yellow briefs. I texted Olivia, "Hope you enjoyed your massage, let me know when you can talk."

About 30 minutes later I received a call from her.

"Hi, how are you."

"I'm good love, hows your trip with Jenny, where are you?"

"We decided to go to the Royal Spa in Livington, Jenny said when you didn't call me that I should go have some fun as well as she assumed you were."

"I'm sorry Love, my new clients took a lot of my time and to be honest with you I fell asleep on my hotel couch the first night and the second night I texted you though it was late."

"I got it but ignored it. We were having drinks when I got it but since I was annoyed at you Jenny told me to ignore you."

"I am sorry Love, at least you got away too, are you having fun," I asked nervously.

"Yeah it's a nice place, I had a lovely massage and we're having a good time."

"Hope the masseur was nice," I said half laughing.

"Oh he was and he had great hands," she replied half laughing herself.

I wasn't sure if she was playing games with me or not so I just replied, "Good." 

"He was! How were your nights, anything exciting?"

"Oh you know, just boring work stuff, these new clients are very demanding."

"I hope they are worth it."

"Yes I think they will work out to be great clients, have you given any thought to where we might go next weekend."

"Maybe we might come back here, I'm sure you could enjoy a massage as well," she said laughing.

"Whatever you want Love."

"Ok Jenny is calling, we are going to dinner soon, I will see you at home tomorrow night."

"Enjoy your evening, love you."

"And you, bye"

I was stunned at the lack of response, Olivia would always tell me that she loved me and I was worried as to what had happened to change her. Was she still so annoyed at me? I hoped that was all it was.

It was now almost 8pm and I was hungry so I ordered room service. When it arrived I almost expected to have to perform for the guy who delivered it but he left the food on the table, I gave him a tip and he left me alone. I was beginning to look at every guy I met now and wonder if Jim knew them. I told myself to stop worrying and overthinking everything and to start trusting that Jim would not put me in any danger of being found out by anyone I knew.

I enjoyed the meal and drank a small bottle of wine. I was chilling, watching a good film on the TV when my phone beeped.

"Hi Wimp, this is Bitch."

I was shocked to receive a message from another submissive guy. For those of you who have not read previous chapters Bitch is a long term Sub of Tony, the gynaecologist that used and humiliated me with his assistant, Betty. While I have to wear yellow briefs indicating the lowest rung of the Sub ladder, Bitch wears black briefs indicating he is at the vey top.

"Hi Bitch, how are you."

"Wimp, I am good, get yourself dressed and meet me outside your hotel in 30 minutes."

I was surprised that he was in my town as I was aware he lived more than an hour away. I then recalled Jim telling me that Bitch would go anywhere that Tony required, even at a moment's notice. Since I also knew that Bitch was married 

I wondered how he could get away so easily.

"Ok, I will be there."

I immediately rushed into the shower and then dressed myself in my yellow briefs, red trousers and white shirt, assuming that was what was required. That had been my Sub uniform in the club when I met Bitch for the first time. All of the Subs had worn the same clothes, the only difference being the colour of our briefs.

I left the hotel expecting to see Bitch with Tony but I found him alone, hailing a taxi. He got into the front leaving me alone in the back. He gave the driver an address I did not recognise although I knew the town quite well. I wondered if we were going to another club although I noticed that Bitch was not wearing the same clothes as I was tonight. No words were exchanged between any of us as we headed to our destination.

On reaching there we exited the taxi and I looked around. We seemed to be in a fairly run down part of the town with some abandoned houses and weary looking shops like drug and liquor stores. We walked around the corner and I saw a building that looked like a bar from the outside although it was hard to tell from the bars on the window. 

We walked up to the door and Bitch rang a bell. Someone looked out through a hole in the door and then opened it, letting us enter. At this stage no words had been spoken yet between us.

Bitch said to the Cloakroom assistant, "Is it busy tonight?"

He answered, "Yeah, actually there seems to be a lot of visitors tonight as well as some of the regulars. Is this a new friend?"

"Yes, first time here."

The assistant smiled at both of us, "Enjoy your evening."

We both thanked him. Bitch indicated for me to follow him into a large room with a small bar in the corner and many guys sitting around, chatting and drinking. 

"I should have told you not to wear your Master/Sub clothes but it doesn't matter I suppose. You only wear them when you are with Jim and he tells you to do so."

"Thanks Bitch, I didn't know what to wear or where we were going, where are we?"

"Wimp, I'm sure Jim has told you not to ask any questions, that applies to anyone that meets you at his request as well."

"Sorry, I guess I have a lot to learn."

"We all started where you are now, from what I have heard and seen I think you will do okay."

He went to the bar and ordered us two beers. Since I was not given water I guessed that it was ok to drink alcohol with another Sub. I thanked him and we went and sat at an empty table. We chatted a little about incidental things like the weather, sports games, the décor in the bar and other meaningless subjects. Nothing of a personal nature was discussed. I observed what was going on around us. Every so often guys would leave their tables and go through a door to our right, normally reappearing after 10 or 15 minutes. I went to go towards the door.
