 Ben was feeling playful as his loving wife and he started to go to sleep. Ben draped an arm over her waist wanting to initiate some foreplay and let his hand come over her gown to her pussy. He started to cup her pussy wanting to sensually feel her crotch and legs. Pamela pushed his hand away. Ben thought for a second and started to sensually and lightly rub her side toward her breast. Just barely touching the side of her breast she pushed his hand away. Sometimes her breasts were just too sensitive. She had to be in the right mood.

Pamela rarely touched his cock even during sex. 

Frustrated Ben let his beautiful wife get some sleep and he turned on his side away from her. His hard-on that had started was now limp. He longed for the sensual touch. He yearned for the passion they used to have.

The next day at work it was announced that he would have a change of work hours. Ben would now have afternoons off and sometimes would have to work deep nights. Instead of calling Pamela about the news he decided to take a walk and think about things. Ben worked in a downtown area and now that he had time on his hands in the afternoon he walked down the city blocks. 

It was fascinating how he spent so much time working in this area but never realized how thriving the area was in the day time. After a while Ben had to use the bathroom. He went into a small store and found a restroom in the back. Sitting in the stall he saw a hand appear under the stall divider. It made motions as if to come there, or so it looked. A little concerned about his privacy Ben finished up, flushed, and soon left.

The understall hand kept occupying his mind. He couldn't imagine what that was all about.

Back on the sidewalk in the sunshine Ben noticed the hustle and bustle of occupied busy people. He noticed the sometimes bright and colorful advertisement signs. He saw the traffic in competition for every second to get through traffic lights or intersections. There were a variety of business places small and large. He noticed a news stand bookstore where he was and decided to go in. 

Ben rarely had the opportunity to visit bookstores. He wandered down the aisles. Soon he came to a section toward the back which was obviously adult oriented. 

An adult magazine captured Ben's attention. It had erotic pictures. The aisle was narrow and two adults couldn't pass without touching. There was enough light at eye level to read books and magazines on the upper display shelves but much of the light was blocked for the lower shelves. Soon another patron was browsing this section. Ben stayed frozen in place because now he had a hard-on from the adult magazine pictures, and he didn't want to be noticed. The other patron started browsing the shelves below. When he reached for a magazine his arm brushed rather firmly against Ben's cock through his pants.

"Excuse me, I didn't mean to touch you. I hope it didn't bother you. My name is Gary."

Ben mustered calmness, "No, you didn't bother me. Don't let me stop you." The intonation of his voice was almost suggestive.

Gary said, "I believe I got some dust on your clothes. Hold still for a minute."

Ben stared straight ahead at his magazine while Gary in the darkness below began to gently wipe off the dust on Ben's pants, which at first was next to his cock and then the gentle strokes brushed against his cock.

Breathlessly Ben felt the sensual strokes lightly explore the length of his cock, making a little circle around the head and traveling the outline of his cock and balls, letting a finger go all the way to the back of his crotch where he had to open his legs a little like shifting position.

Gary brushed the inside of Ben's pants leg, and up to his firm bottom. Soon Ben could tell his cock was giving him away to Gary's touch, and was getting rock hard.

"Nice," said Gary.

Ben started to clinch as if to hold back but Gary's hand job was like magic for a straight man who simply yearned for the human touch.

One hand held Ben's cock through his pants, while the other gently caressed and fondled his ass cheeks. Soon Ben tightened up, while Gary gripped the cock near the head with one hand and gripped an ass cheek with the other pulling him tightly closer. Gary felt Ben's cum vein pumping and felt his ass clinch. He could feel several good volleys of cum and then gently squeezed the rest up the cock shaft. 

Ben had just cum in his pants in public. He stood frozen looking at the magazine. It took a few minutes to gather his senses. Gary rubbed his crotch all the way back one last time and said, "Come back in tomorrow. It gets better. Save it for me, ok? What's your name?"

"Ben."

"Ok Ben, it was a pleasure meeting you. Will I see you here tomorrow?"

"Yes, I guess so," Ben stammered.

"Here let's exchange cell phone numbers so I can text you."

Ben went down the street and had lunch with a cheese burger and fries on a patio facing the street. He could feel the wetness of his cum in his pants as he ate. He wondered about the events of the day. Pamela had never jacked him off, or sensually felt of his crotch or caressed his legs. He still remembered seeing the hand under-stall and wondered about it. Soon he went home at his normal time deciding not to tell Pamela of his change of hours just yet.

The next morning at work, Ben was wondering if he was actually going to meet up with Gary again. It had been a one time event, and the first time He was reluctant to do it again. Ben had ever let another man touch his privates. It would have to be his secret and it would be buried in his past. Ben kept thinking of how good it felt when Gary was stroking his cock secretly in public. Ben was thinking he would go somewhere else today but his cock kept getting hard at the thoughts of yesterday's events. He felt a drop of pre-cum wetness in his pants. It was hard to concentrate on his work.

Finally it was time to get off at lunch hour.

Ben arrived at the same news stand and meandered back to the adult section. He was incredibly apprehensive and felt like the whole store was watching him. Soon Gary arrived.

Making small talk, Gary pointed out a couple of erotic magazines. One had a bisexual with cum on his lips and a dripping cock in front of him. Another had pictures of anal sex. When no one was in sight, Gary casually rubbed Ben's back and side. He whispered in Ben's ear to look at another magazine showing a picture of only the waist of a man getting jacked off. 

As if by accident Gary's hand brushed against the front of Ben's pants. Ben hadn't been sure he would let it happen again, but after all it was just the front of his pants he reasoned to himself.

The store was nearly vacant and the clerk was occupied in the front. Gary squatted down as if to look for items on the lower shelf, but then leaned toward Ben until his face was against Ben's hip. He could feel the heat building in Ben's crotch. Turning his face a little until his lips came against Ben's pants, Gary kissed Ben's hip bone through the pants. He kept his lips against the pants and kept kissing, slowly moving closer to Ben's cock.

Ben could not believe what was happening and could not believe he didn't stop it. His cock was getting harder and harder. Soon he could feel Gary's breath through the thin business pants. He felt Gary's sexy mouth and nose come against his cock. Very sensuously Gary's hand brushed up from Ben's balls, up his shaft and teased his zipper. Gary was getting so close to Ben's cock head that he didn't realize when Gary's mouth formed a circle around his cock head that his zipper had been pulled down. Gary was mouthing Ben's cock through the pants, moving around in tantalizing motions. Ben's pants fell loose at the top.

In the bottom shelf darkness Ben could feel Gary's wet lips on his cock head and his cool hands fondling his balls. Gary licked up and down the shaft and in between the balls. The wetness felt erotic and cool on his skin. Gary's tongue danced on Ben's cockhead and his hand traveled Ben's crotch all the way back to his crack. Gary gently caressed the skin of Ben's entire ass. His cock was getting harder and harder about to explode when he felt Gary's finger touching his asshole. Ben concentrated hard on the sensations on his cockhead in Gary's mouth and when he couldn't stand it any longer he realized that Gary's finger had worked into his asshole and was massaging his prostate.

Ben ejaculated so hard he strained his clinching ass cheeks and leg muscles until they ached.

Ben watched as Gary swallowed the cum, and licked his lips. Ben had clinched so hard that Gary couldn't pull his finger out right away. He calmly waited.

Ben relished the sensation of Gary's finger still in his ass. He realized his pants had fallen to his ankles and waited for Gary to finish. He watched as Gary sucked and licked his cock dry.

Gary helped pull up the pants and underwear. No one in the store had seen or noticed anything.

Ben was in ecstasy, as Pamela had never sucked and swallowed, and had never touched his asshole. 

Gary whispered in Ben's ear, "I'll text you where to meet tomorrow. We should find another place."

That night next to Pamela, Ben couldn't stop thinking of the blowjob of a lifetime, and of a stranger finger fucking his married asshole. He wondered if this counted as cheating on his wife.

When he got off the next day he had a text message from Gary. It asked Ben to meet him at a cabaret nearby where they had been meeting before. 

They met out front at the side of the building. Gary made small talk about all the nice things about this cabaret and the dancers in it. It was a mult-level building, and they went to an upper floor overlooking the dance stage. The light was dim as the main attraction was below. Gary bought them a set of drinks, and soon Ben was enjoying himself. 

The upper deck they were on was between two stages. They were near the wall at the end which was the darkest part, but had a good view. Gary made sure they had plenty of refills. He stood side by side with Ben. They were facing opposite stages, occasionally whispering to each other to look at certain dancers. Gary placed his hand across Ben's hip and whispered small talk in his ear. "Your cum tasted the very best yesterday. Have you ever tasted your own cum?"

Ben answered nervously, "No." He lied.

"It was the best cum I ever had," Gary confessed with admiration.

Pamela had never even let him eat her pussy juice, so Ben once ventured to taste his own sex juice while jacking off. Since they had kids, she had no interest in sex.

As things progressed, Gary let his hand drift across Ben's belt, and down his zipper. He let his hand lightly stroke Ben's cock until he could feel the cock straining in the pants. "Let me take it out for you so you don't stain something." Gary unzipped the pants and unfastened the belt and pants. He pulled out Ben's cock and started playing with his cock and balls.

Since they were facing opposite directions Gary's right hand was on Ben's cock. He took Ben's right hand and placed it over his cock, and started moving it up and down. Ben could feel the hardening cock.

This was a new sensation for Ben he had never had his hand over another man's cock and had never intended on doing a hand job. But it was over the man's pants he reasoned.

A new revelation came when Gary guided Ben's hand into his pocket which had been cut out. Ben's eyes widened when he realized his hand was now on the bare skin of Gary's cock and balls. He was not wearing underwear! 

Ben assumed the stroking job, and just thought it was not bad at all. It was just skin on skin.

They were jacking each other when Ben started cumming. Gary expertly gathered the cum in his palm and brought it in front of Ben to see. "Taste it! See how good it is!" Ben licked the sticky white puddle, leaving strings from his tongue to the hand, so he sucked the strands up, and sucked the puddle from the palm.

Meanwhile Gary had cupped Ben's hand over his cock head and came into the cupped palm of Ben's hand. He closed Bens hand, took it out from his false pocket, and lifted it to Ben's mouth. "Taste it."

Ben put it to his lips, and rather than deal with the strands, he sucked it up. It was Gary's cum but in his own hand. 

"Suck it up," said Gary.

"It was good!" Ben was surprised how much he liked it. Maybe it was because he was already drunk, or maybe it was because he had been sex starved.

What a revelation this was. This was Ben's first time tasting another man's cum. It was so good, he felt like he was starving for more. He was developing a fetish for cum.

That night as he laid in bed next to Pamela he still had the taste of cum in his mouth and could smell it on his own breath. He went to sleep wondering when he could get more. He wondered if he was turning gay or bisexual.

The next day Ben received a message to meet Gary at a big fashionable store and to go to the men's room in the warehouse area, back stall. It sounded kinky. Ben was eager to find out more about this location.

Ben found the place and soon went to the men's bathroom in the back. He received another message directing him to the next to last stall on the right in the corner. A bulb had been taken out of the light fixture making it slightly dimly lit. Ben locked the stall door and stood there for a minute. Soon he noticed a hand underneath the stall partition. It motioned him closer. He received another text message that they were safe in there, and to drop his pants to his ankles and slide his knees and hips under the stall. 

This was a kinky adventure but it made Ben horny. He didn't know why. He had never thought of sex this way. As he slid his pants and underwear down and started to slide his knees underneath, he saw Gary's knees slide under at the same time scissoring their knees wide apart. Ben felt Gary's hand lightly rub against his knee, and then up underneath his leg, obviously enjoying the feeling of another man's skin. It felt good to Ben as he felt the cool skin of Gary's hand slide back and forth on his leg and closer to his balls. 

Ben could clearly see Gary's cock and balls. It was the first time he ever had a good look at another man's privates. He thought Gary had a nice looking cock, and liked his tight round balls with dark pubic hair. With the partition between them, Ben could take his time looking, and actually stare. He reached with his hand to touch it, and he noticed he could touch it anywhere he wanted.

Gary's hand felt up Ben's leg to his balls. Gary held the balls in his hand for a minute or two fondling and feeling them. Then he rubbed his hand back on Ben's crotch all the way to his crack. He enjoyed the feeling of Ben's butt skin, and of his crack. The ridge of his hand slid slowly across Ben's asshole and up his crack until the butt cheeks squeezed his hand. He slid his hand across the ass cheeks and down the side of Ben's leg.

Tentatively Ben reached under Gary's balls and felt of his crotch and ass crack. He could feel the heat from Gary's asshole on his hand. Ben thought he might develop a fetish for feeling anonymous strangers' crotches, legs, and asses.

Ben felt Gary's finger work it's way into his asshole, and Ben did the same wondering what it was like. He was enthralled that someone else would enjoy his body. He let Gary explore all he wanted. 

Soon Gary was jacking his cock and Ben reached for Gary's. They stroked each other. Gary said, "Kiss it. Please kiss it."

Taken a little bit by surprise, Ben leaned over and brushed his lips against Gary's cock head. He heard a groan of pleasure come from Gary, and a whisper, "You are the best."

Soon Gary returned the favor and Ben watched with shocking surprise when Gary swallowed his whole cock down to the base and pubic hairs, licking his balls. He couldn't hold it any longer and shot ropes of cum into Gary's throat, watching his sloppy wet cock slide out of Gary's mouth. Gary then sucked it dry.

Ben leaned over and tried to return the favor but couldn't take the cock down his throat. He did lick the head, and tease it until cum shot into his mouth. It was his first blow job and he savored the cum in his mouth tasting it over and over until it seemed to melt on his tongue and slide into his throat.

That night laying in bed next to Pamela, Ben replayed in his mind the feeling of Gary's skin from the hip, down the leg, the ass, and the warm special feeling of the crotch, his balls, the prostate bulge, his ass crack, and his cock. Over and over he replayed in his mind his hand manipulating Gary's balls and cock, the warm feeling of his finger in Gary's ass while at the same time Gary fingering and manipulating his own asshole and prostate. 

He visually replayed how the fingering caused their cocks to stand harder and move around. He replayed feeling the texture and feel of Gary's pubic hair and the change of skin from his ass crack, perineum, between the balls, and his cock shaft. He replayed the gush of cum in his mouth so vividly he could taste it, seeing the cock jerk, and feeling the tightening of his asshole on his finger. It was so vivid he could smell the musky odor of Gary's crotch, and Ben felt his mouth open to a circle and his neck muscles tighten to move it up and down tightening his lips around the cock, and feeling the pulse of the cum vein and the throbbing of the cock on his lips, and the joy of tonguing the helmet, rim, and pee hole. 

Involuntarily he felt his tongue pushing the cum around in his mouth for maximum taste and feeling. Ben savored the cum and remembered trying to coax every last drop out. He didn't want to release the cock from his mouth but he remembered the feeling of it softening, and that he had the soft cock in his mouth all the way to the base until the pubic hair was tickling his nose and tantalizing his face, and he licked the balls with the tip of his tongue. He could still feel the slippery feeling of cum down his throat. He yearned to have the cock in his mouth again while running his hand up the crotch and ass crack.

His beautiful young wife was next to him, but he kept dreaming of Gary's cock and balls, and the feeling of his ass skin. He remembered how Gary sensuously felt of his own skin, and the feeling of sharing his body with someone else, and of the tender feeling of closeness to another. Ben turned away from his wife and tried to go to sleep but his hard cock kept him awake until finally he went to sleep without realizing it.

The next morning he woke up with a hard on and could not do anything about it. Dressing in front of his wife was uncomfortable because it was difficult to hide his hard cock or make it go down. He went to work with a semi hard on and could not get his mind off of visualizing Gary's cock and balls and tasting his cum.

It was Friday and Ben got off from work early in the morning. He sent a text message Gary to see where he planned to meet. Soon Gary messaged back to meet him at the hotel convention center on the 38 th floor. Ben was upbeat and felt excited. The tent in his pants was obvious. Ben arrived and knocked on the designated door. Soon Gary let him in.

Ben walked in and saw the window curtains were open letting in the bright morning sunshine. Gary put an arm around Ben's waist and showed him around the hotel room including the wonderful view from the window which displayed a nice landscape and a tandem office building with an adjoining sky bridge across from them on the same floor.

Gary turned a little such that Ben's hard cock rubbed against Gary's hip. He could feel it was so hard that Ben couldn't keep a clear mind. He let his hand slip down from the small of Ben's back down his buttock, and cupped his butt cheek from the bottom with his palm sliding into his ass crack, and then he pulled up feeling how firm and taunt his ass was. 
