 I'm nervous writing this, but I want to get it off my chest. My wife of 15 years isn't into sex much anymore and I've expanded my horizons. I was on travel for work, and I had done anal with women before, but never a guy. Was horny and posted online for a woman. A guy responded and convinced me to let him give me a BJ, said it would be better than any woman's BJ I'd ever had. Said he was married and understood the situation, and found that he liked helping other guys out because he knew how it felt. Said he would even wear his wife's panties and let me look at pictures of her he has on his phone. 

I was nervous so I had a few drinks before he came over, but he was polite, average looking guy, and made me feel decently comfortable. I sat back naked on the chair, he got to the pics of his wife, handed me the phone, and slid my cock to the back of his throat. He worked it up and down, sucked my balls, and licked my thighs. I ended up not looking at many pics of his wife, but leaning back and just enjoying what he was doing. He asked if I was ok with him playing with himself at the same time and I said I didn't mind. He started stroking his cock and fingering his own ass; after a couple minutes he asked if I was close, I said about 1/2 way there, but it feels great, I only wish I had found a nice tight pussy to pound. He mentioned that he was pretty close to cumming, and after he cums he's no longer interested (which as a guy I totally understand). I told him no worries, I could finish myself off later if he does cum first; which was a lie, I invited him over to my room to get off, not for him to get off and go. 

He asked if I was feeling pretty comfortable with another man getting me off, and I told him that I may do it more often if its always that good. He then said he has a way to make sure we both get what we want. I knew in the back of my mind what he was talking about, and was totally insatiable at that point, I wanted to cum so bad. But I played it ignorant and said I'm willing to try something new, what do you have in mind. Before I was fully finished, he had gotten up, turned around, and positioned his ass right above my cock. I wasn't really sure what to do, but then he slowly squatted down, the tip of my cock pressing hard against his tight little hole, until it finally gave and I felt the first inch of my cock caressed tightly by his warm hole. At the same time he gasped, then let out a low moan, and continued to slip down my thick shaft, every once in a while stopping to get used to being stretched. By the time his hips were pressed against mine, and my entire cock was pushed deep inside, my head was swirling. I was so turned on by the thought of how taboo it was for a married man to not only cheat, but with another married man, and without protection either. I was nervous and the thought of catching some STD but at the same time, was so into how wrong it society would say it is, but how good it felt, that I knew I wasn't going to stop. 

He asked me how I was doing, and with everything going on in my head, I only managed to say "fuck this feels good", and with that, he started rocking his hips back and forth, pushing my cock against his prostate with each motion. He said I better get mine soon, because he was about to cum, but to tell him so he could pull it out, he didn't want me to cum inside. I could tell he was getting close by the way he sped up his rocking on my lap, and he had found the perfect spot where just a slight motion pushed the tip hard into his prostate. Right as I felt my balls start to tighten and I knew it was only 4-5 seconds before I came, he lets out a load "ugghhhh" and starts shooting all over the floor. During his first pulse, his ass tightened around my cock like it wouldn't let go and his prostate pulsed with each stream of cum he shot. Well, my 4-5 seconds of warning went to 0 as soon as his ass clenched. Instinctively I grabbed his shoulders and pulled him toward me as I thrust my hips forward. Punching my cock as deep into his gut as it would reach as my cock swelled and unloaded a thick stream of cum; I wasn't even thinking about him not wanting another man to impregnate him; but instead of jumping off my lap, he yells "FUCK YEAH MAN, PUSH IT IN DEEP, FILL MY ASS" load enough for all of my neighbors to know what was going on, then for a brief moment, we were both cumming in unison. 

I finished shortly after him, and he stayed there, leaning forward, sitting on my cock as it slowly deflated. After a minute we had both caught our breath and realized what we had just done. Without saying much he got up, the last bit of my cock falling out of his hole and allowing a little bit of cum do dribble out with it and onto my lap, and went to the bathroom. He left the door open and I could hear him trying to push what felt like the biggest load I had ever shot, out of his ass. I grabbed the little hand towel I had set on the bed and started wiping my cock and lap off, along with cleaning the floor up the best I could; and he came back and out apologized for the making a mess and said my room is going to smell like cum now. I laughed and said I should be the one apologizing, I don't know what happened, but as soon as you started cumming I didn't have time or the urge to pull out anymore, it felt better than anything I'd ever done before. He said he had never orgasmed that hard either and wasn't going to let me pull out as soon I he felt me start cumming anyway; it sent him over the top. We both laughed and reassured each other that we were both clean (though I'm still sure he was as worried as I was even after that). I also told him not to worry about the cum smell, the maids have to pickup a cum towel every day anyway, so they will probably figure I jerked off a few times instead of just one. 

He quickly put his clothes back on and headed on his way, and after shutting the door I grabbed another beer and headed to the shower. The next day I felt pretty weird, had I, a man who had been married for 15 years, has kids, a wife, a nice house, goes to church, etc...; just had sex with another man... and actually liked it? I couldn't focus during my meetings the next day, I felt like people were staring at me, that they knew what I had done and didn't approve. I thought I still smelled like unadulterated man sex, a mixture of cum, sweat, and mustiness. I canceled my last meeting and headed to the bar early, grabbing a couple shots and some food, then back to the hotel; and I'm not sure why, but I logged back into my email curious if anything new was there. I had for gotten to take down my add so there was a ton of spam and hooker emails, but going through them there was one from the guy I had just loaded with the next generation of my kids the night before. I wasn't sure what to do, instantly I thought its the worst case scenario, he had lied about being married, and actually had aids and that I should get tested. My stomach was in my throat when I opened it, but it actually wasn't bad, he was feeling the same things I was. It read something like this:

Hey,

I'm not sure why I'm writing, I'm still worried about catching something; your load was leaking out of me for another hour, though I'm sure there is still some in there too. I just hid in the bathroom and when my wife asked what was going on, told her I had eaten something bad. I'm not going to lie, I've sucked a lot of dicks and have been fucked before, but its always been safe; I've only swallowed loads. And all the guys are married (or say they are at least). I'm not gay, and barely think I'm bi, but last night was one of, if not the best orgasm I've had. Even after dumping a huge load on your floor my whole body was still pulsing like I was pumping cum, and I could feel your cock swell up and shoot, it was like a squirt gun pumping in my ass, and it felt fucking great! You don't have to respond, just wanted to get that off my chest.

Jim

I thought about it for a few minutes and emailed him back, telling him how I felt people knew what I had done and there was regret, but not much because it felt so good. Mainly that I was more worried about someone finding out somehow; but I couldn't help but want to do it again. It was the sexual release my marriage had robbed me over, but with a man it was more intense, there was no emotion, just primal urge to dominate and spread my DNA. My libido was back, I felt like I had just hit puberty and I wanted sex all the time. Now I not only looked at women, but I found myself look at me sometimes too. I wasn't in to obviously gay guys, or anyone effeminate/flamboyant; I wanted a straight (acting) guy, married like myself, who no one would suspect as being into guys. A business partner that I traveled with would be perfect; but those are all just hopes and dreams really. I ended with telling him I was in town for 2 more nights, and maybe we could grab a drink, no pressure, just a drink, but understood if he didn't want to. 

After it was sent I checked my email every 5 minutes, hoping for a response, but nothing came back. So I shut my laptop and went to bed. The next morning, I checked my email again, not expecting much but was happy to see that Jim had responded. He said he was free that night, his wife was doing some thing with her friends and would meet for a drink at the hotel, but wasn't looking for anything else. I said I was good with that and we agreed to meet at 6 for the last half of happy hour.