 Sharon and I have been married close to seven years now, and for the most part it's been great. The sex isn't as plentiful or varied as it was at first, but I gather that's par for the course. I've never felt the need to have sex with anyone else, unless you count Bruno. I consider myself completely straight, but a while back I bought a dildo (that's Bruno) and I like to use it on myself whenever I get a chance. Even that had purely heterosexual origins.

When we were first married, Sharon gave me blowjobs all the time. Once or twice a week was pretty standard, sometimes more. A few times she used her vibrator on me, and I loved it. The first couple of times it was all at the surface, teasing my asshole while she sucked my cock. Then she started putting it inside me, just a little at first, then more. The last couple of times, she put it all the way in, with the vibrator turned up as high as it would go, and I came like a madman.

Then she stopped. I didn't realize it at first, but time went by and the vibrator became a distant memory. She never made a formal announcement, and frankly I didn't have the balls to ask. I still remembered how great it felt, though, and finally, several months ago, I went out and bought myself a dildo.

I call it Bruno, for no special reason. I don't know anyone by that name or anything, it just seems like a real masculine, blue collar kind of name. I think Bruno could be a mechanic or something like that, the kind of guy who is basically straight, but wouldn't pass up a chance to fuck a nice tight ass just because there was a man attached to it.

I was probably a little too ambitious when I chose Bruno. It is a true eight inches long, and pretty thick, hard rubber but flexible enough to do the job without causing me undue discomfort. It was obviously modeled on an uncircumcised black man, and appears to be very life-like, the color of milk chocolate, with a smallish head that flares out to a thick shaft covered with veins. I suppose I could have chosen a more black sounding name, Willy or something, but I don't really need the reminder. I am well aware that when Bruno starts to fuck me, it's a big black cock I'm taking up my ass.

Sharon told me that she was going to visit her friend Laura in Virginia for the weekend, so I began planning for some quality time with Bruno. Sharon left Friday morning, and all day Friday I was nearly useless at work. Luckily it was an easy day, and no one seemed to notice. After work I had dinner at a little Italian place I like, nothing fancy, but I did have a couple of glasses of chianti with dinner. It goes great with Italian food, of course, but also, I have found that some red wine helps me relax and get ready for Bruno.

After dinner I stopped at the adult video store and picked out a couple of DVDs for my entertainment. One was a bisexual story set in the Old West, the other was an interracial gangbang, with five black guys taking turns fucking a cute little white coed. I don't think I'm racist, but there's something about the sight of a big black dick pumping in and out of a tight little white pussy, or ass, or both, that I find hard to resist.

When I got home I gave myself an enema to get myself good and clean down there for Bruno. I took a quick shower to rinse off, then put on my robe and went to the den. I took Bruno out from his hiding place, got the lube, and started the gangbang video, then went to the kitchen to get myself another glass of wine.

I was in the process of opening a new bottle when I heard a tap at the back door, and before I could react my neighbor and best buddy Dan was letting himself in. He went straight to the refrigerator and helped himself to a beer, then headed for the den. "Come on dude, the game's about to start!"

Holy shit! It all happened so fast, I couldn't think what to say, how to stop him before he got to the den. Then he said, "Oh, yeah!" and I knew he had spotted the video. But God, what about Bruno?

I walked into the den and saw Dan standing in the middle of the room, holding the dildo up in front of him. "You were going to fuck yourself with this." It wasn't a question, not exactly an accusation, just a statement of fact. I didn't say a word. Hell, what could I say?

"I'd love to see that," Dan said. "Let me watch!"

"Yeah, right!" I tried to communicate how completely impossible that was.

"I'm serious, man, I'd pay money to see you take this baby up your ass! Please, Benji, I won't tell a soul, just let me watch." Dan is the only person in the world who calls me Benji, and even he rarely uses it. I guess he wanted to show me that he was serious, and that this would be strictly between us buddies.

"The only way that could ever happen is if you were going to help." I thought that would end the discussion. My mistake.

"Sure, you got it! What do you want me to do?"

Well, in for a penny in for a pound, as the saying goes. I explained that I could do it myself, of course, but it required me to get into some uncomfortable positions. If he would take control of the dildo, I could get more comfortable and try some positions that didn't really work when it was just me and Bruno.

Dan was completely agreeable, and I couldn't decide whether to be happy or pissed. What the hell, I decided, go with the flow. "If I'm going to be naked you should be too," I said.

Dan was out of his clothes in an instant, and he already had an erection. The gangbang video was playing, so he might have been reacting to that, but I don't think so. I think this whole scenario was more exciting to him than I had realized. I slipped out of my robe, and there we were, two straight buddies, naked with each other, about to do some exploring together. Dan's cock was practically a twin to my own. At just under seven inches, mine might be a little longer, his a little thicker, but close enough.

We watched the video for a while, getting into the mood. The coed was on her knees, surrounded by big black dicks. She went from one to another, sucking them all, running her lips up and down their big, hard shafts. I couldn't wait any longer. I held Bruno up to my lips and began sucking, trying to match my actions to the actions on the screen. Before long I was taking him down into my throat. I can't quite manage to deep throat Bruno, but I keep trying.

Dan seemed to be having trouble deciding whether to watch me or the video, but I think mainly he was watching me. When I felt ready, I got Bruno well lubed up and started rubbing him against my ass. I took my time, both to tease Dan and to let my asshole relax, but little by little the dildo was working its way in.

When the head was finally inside me, I paused, relaxing, letting the initial burning sensation die away, then I pushed it in about half way. I fucked myself like that for a couple of minutes, gradually taking the dildo deeper into my ass, getting myself relaxed and lubed up enough to let Dan take charge.

"Ready?" I asked him. By now Bruno was sliding easily in and out of my ass, clear down to the balls.

"Thought you'd never ask," Dan replied. "Anything I should know before we get started?"

"Not really," I said, "just use plenty of lube and don't be in a hurry. I'm used to Bruno, but he's still pretty big."

"Maybe we should move the party into the bedroom," Dan suggested. "More room to operate!"

Good thinking! I led the way, with Dan behind me and the dildo and lube in his hand. I got on the bed and assumed the position, on my hands and knees with my butt up in the air. Dan got behind me, lubed up the dildo, and slid it up my ass. I was surprised at how gentle he was, and pleased that he was being careful not to hurt me. After he had Bruno well lodged in my butt and had taken a few tentative strokes, I was ready for him to go a little harder.

"Fuck me like you mean it!" I told him, and he clearly knew just what I meant. He began ramming the dildo into my ass hard and deep, so that I felt Bruno's balls bump against my butt with every stroke. "Yeah," I said, "that's more like it."

I looked over my shoulder to see the expression on Dan's face, and noticed that he was playing with himself, stroking his cock in time with Bruno's thrusts.

"Want some help with that?" I asked.

"Hell yeah, that'd be great!"

We changed positions so that Dan was lying on his back and I was kneeling beside him, facing toward his feet. He and Bruno still had great access to my ass, and I had access to Danny's cock. I was really just thinking to give him a handjob, but as soon as I felt his cock in my hand, I knew a handjob wouldn't be enough. I gave him a few strokes, saw the precum leaking out, and had to have a taste.

I took the head of his cock in my mouth and cleaned it up, then slid my lips down the shaft another couple of inches. God, what an incredible sensation! I loved the way his cock felt in my mouth, warm, hard, throbbing a little as if it had a life of its own. I pushed my lips further down, until I felt the head invading my throat. I had to back off then, and started sliding my lips up and down his shaft, as if he was fucking my mouth.

There wasn't much artistry in the blowjob I was giving him, but not much was needed. He was horned up out of his mind, reaming my ass with Bruno and getting ready to blow a load in my mouth. His whole body tensed up, his cock throbbed between my lips, and suddenly my mouth was flooded with thick, salty cream. The taste wasn't bad at all, sort of pungent but not as strong as I expected, and there was a lot of it. I was determined to swallow it all, so when the fireworks were finished I continued sucking him, cleaning up every drop I could coax out of him.

"Jesus, Benji, that was awesome! I haven't cum like that since I was a teenager! Let me do you now!"

I sort of expected him to lose interest after he came, so I was thrilled to hear he wanted to trade places. We rearranged ourselves so that I was lying on my back, with Bruno still buried in my ass, and Dan bent over me. He gave me a few strokes with Bruno first, then took my cock in his mouth and ran his lips up and down the shaft, matching Bruno stroke for stroke. I knew I wasn't going to last long, and so did Danny. He just headed straight for the finish line, sucking my cock and fucking me with the dildo, pushing me to the edge as fast as he could go.

It was probably only a minute or so before I exploded, emptying my balls into my best buddy's mouth while he continued to probe my ass with my trusty dildo, Bruno. It was the most intense orgasm I've ever had, and it felt like it was never going to stop. Danny sucked me dry, kept sucking until I had to ask him to stop, and then, finally, he pulled Bruno out of my butt.

We both started to giggle, as if we had just pulled a world-class prank and gotten away with it. "Can you believe that!" Danny exclaimed. "Incredible! In-fucking-credible!"

"I guess you had as much fun as I did," I teased him. "What do you want to do next?"

"Could I get a shower?" he asked. "I kind of worked up a sweat."

"Yeah, me too. OK if I join you?"

"Perfect! Just don't try any funny stuff!"

We got into the shower, and of course we tried plenty of funny stuff with each other. I took full advantage of the opportunity to run my hands all over his body, exploring every nook and cranny, and he did the same to me. When I noticed that his cock was hard again, I took the soap and made a great show of washing him, jerking him off nice and slow.

I turned my back to him, offering him my ass, and he accepted the invitation immediately. I felt his cock rubbing around my ass and into the crack, looking for the entrance. I reached back, took him in my hand, and guided him to the sweet spot. He pushed into me and began to fuck me, nice and easy. What a difference between Bruno and Dan! He was smaller than Bruno, but it felt just right, and his thrusts felt smoother, easier. And of course, it was my best buddy fucking me, not some piece of molded rubber!

Dan suggested we get out of the shower and fuck in front of the mirror. "Great idea," I said, "get the lube."

I bent forward and Dan slipped his lubed up cock into my ass and started fucking me again. We both looked at the mirror, wanting to see ourselves in action. It was quite a sight, but I couldn't really see Dan's cock very well. He had me put one foot up on the toilet seat, I turned my body slightly, and Bingo!, there was Dan's cock sliding in and out of my ass, just like in the movies! Well, almost. It wasn't quite a porn-style closeup, but good enough.

Dan pulled out and laid a towel across the bed. He put me on my back, lifted my legs up over his shoulders, and resumed fucking me. What a feeling! His cock was sliding in and out of my ass in a leisurely rhythm, all the way in to the balls, and I heard a soft slap, slap, slap as our bodies collided on every stroke. "You can fuck me like that all night long," I told him.

"Don't count on it, big boy. I can't keep this up forever." He squeezed some lube into the palm of my hand and said, "I want to see you cum while I'm fucking you."

I stroked my cock slowly, trying to make the sensation last, but there was too much stimulation. It was a couple of minutes before the excitement was too much to hold back. My balls tightened up, my cock jerked a couple of times, and creamy white spunk started flying all over the place. I could feel my sphincter tighten around Danny's cock, and he pushed himself in as far as he could go, until his balls were pressed against my ass.

Then he started. I felt his cock throbbing, pumping my ass, spilling his load deep inside me. A warm glow started to build deep in my ass, and seemed to spread gradually through my whole body. I looked into his face, and he had this big shit-eating grin on his face.

"Fuck man, that was amazing!" he said. "I'm serious, Benji, I never experienced anything like that in my life."

"Me neither," I replied. "I mean, my best buddy just fucked me in the ass, and I can hardly wait to try it again! Now what, Danny? Where do we go from here?"

"I don't know man, but for starters I want you to fuck me. I have to see if that felt as good to you as it did to me!"

"Probably better, but you'll have to wait to find out. I'm all fucked out for tonight. What are you doing tomorrow?"

"There's another game tomorrow afternoon. It starts at 2:00, and I'll tell Julie I want to come over and watch it with you. She won't be suspicious, you and I watch games together all the time, so we'll have a few hours all to ourselves."

"OK," I said, "sounds like a plan. I'll see you tomorrow. And Danny, if you change your mind, it's all right. I'd love to let you see how great it feels to get fucked by your best buddy, but if it doesn't happen, I'm cool with that. I just hope we can have a repeat of tonight sometime soon."

"No way I'm changing my mind, Benji. The look on your face when I was fucking you is all the convincing I need. I might even give Bruno a shot, who knows!"

He left then, and I went bed, my head spinning, remembering all the sensations I felt letting Danny fuck me, trying to imagine how it would feel to fuck him. I could hardly sleep, my mind filled with fantasies of all the things we could do the next day.