 PRELUDE

When I woke up that Friday morning my future brother-in-law Freddie was still asleep lying on his left side facing away from me. We were both still naked from the previous night's activities. He had the bed sheet covering his lower body so I slowly wisked it away to expose his super fine ass. As I stared at it I wished that his sister Christina, my future wife to be, had an ass like his or their mom's. My cock hardened as I looked at it and I could not resist touching it once again. His flawless body was hairless and silky smooth. My hand followed the contour of his curvy buttock and cupped it gently. He either remained asleep or did not let on that he felt my caress.

I got bolder and squeezed the cheek and let my hand drift between the gorgeous hillocks to brush against the sensitive anus. Surely he felt that, I thought to myself but he remained motionless. Locating the lube on the nightstand that we had used last night, I put an ample amount in my hand and rubbed it between his shapely cheeks. Still there was no reaction so I began to finger his anus and got it well-greased. My 7+" cock was throbbing by now and I just had to fuck that lovely ass again.

Moving closer I placed the head of my cock at his anus and pressed forward. He still remained quiet until the soft spongy mushroom head pushed through the taut rubbery ring. "Oh, agh, oh fuck, yes," he finally uttered.

I pressed forward steadily but slowly until the entire shaft filled his passage. I began a slow fucking motion pulling my cock almost completely out and then driving it back in all the way. Freddie moved his right knee closer to his chest and guided my right hand to his stiff dick. I grasped the 5" pecker and masturbated him as I fucked him. In just four days together I had become comfortable with stroking his cock.

My toes began to tingle and my ball sac got taut as the ejaculation built within me. It was going to be a quick one but I wasn't worried since both of us were capable of cumming 3 or 4 times a day. I pushed my cock all the way in and hugged his effeminate body to mine. We both moaned when we felt the surge of my release fill his rectum. His sphincter gripped and released my member several times drawing the semen out of it.

Slowly I eased my erect cock out and watched as my seed oozed from his anus and trickled over his buttock. Playfully I pushed my sperm back into his anus several times only to watch him discharges it again. Freddie then rolled onto his back and holding his cock in his hand he asked me to fuck him again until he came. I got off the bed and stood at the side of it. 

Pulling him by his legs I got him to the edge of the mattress. My stiff dick slipped into his receptive ass with ease and the soles of his feet rested against my biceps as I held onto his legs. Freddie jerked off rapidly in search of his release as I steadily drilled his ass a second time. At first I hadn't cared much for fucking him missionary style but I got used to it. Now I even liked looking as his pretty body and watching him jerk off. He ejaculated before I came a second time. Several spurts shot into the air and landed around his pubes. The remainder of his load coated his hand.

Feeling my second surge building, I pulled out of his ass and aimed my cock at his anus. Several streams hit his dilated ring and then I re-entered him pushing some semen into his anus. I remained in his relishing the feeling of his gripping sphincter. We were both still hard when I pulled out of his ass.

"Let's get cleaned up, have breakfast and finish our chores. Then I want you to fuck me again before my parents and sister arrive."

INTRODUCTION

My name is Gary Stevens and I am 24 years old. I stand at 6'2" and weigh a fit 190 pounds. I am in excellent shape and I have always had a way with the ladies. In college I dated many good looking girls which is why so many were surprised when I started going steady with Christina Collins. She was a year behind me in college and although she wasn't a head turner she was not unattractive.

Christina was 5'6" with small breasts but she had a big round shapely ass. She wasn't fat but her thighs and ass were bigger than I normally liked on women. Her best feature was that she had wealthy parents. Both her mom and dad liked me and knew that I was a find for her daughter. Her father Gregory Collins owned his own company and hired me when I graduated. 

Rhonda Collins her mother was a knockout. For a 44 year old woman she looked like she was in her late 20's. She was religious about working out and staying fit. I called her Mrs. C. and she liked that at least in the beginning. Both parents were thrilled when I proposed to Christina after she graduated from college. One of the big benefits of this marriage was that Gregory paid off my student loan and paid me handsomely to work in his company.

The son Freddie was two years older than me and I reported to him in the firm. He was a likeable guy and good looking to a fault. He actually looked pretty rather than handsome. One day at work I met his live-in girlfriend Bobbi. She was a cutie and she erased any doubts I had about Freddie being gay. Boy was I ever wrong.

It was the week before Memorial Day weekend and Freddie was at the family cottage to get it ready for summer. The Collins referred to it as a cottage but it was larger than the house I grew up in. That Monday Gregory came to me with a request.

"Gary, the people who normally help us get the cottage ready are unavailable. Would you be so kind as to go up there and help Freddie?"

"Of course, should I leave today?"

"If you would please, Rhonda, Christina and I will come up on Friday."

I left the office, stopped by my apartment to pack some clothes and headed up to the cottage. It was about 3:00 PM when I arrived and there were two cars in the driveway, Freddie's and one I didn't recognize. Leaving my suitcase in the car I walked in the house to find Freddie and find him I did.

He was naked on all fours with an older man fucking him from behind. They were both facing away from as I stood there I looked on in shock. I had never seen two guys have sex in my life and it was pretty weird but erotic at the same time. The guy fucking Freddie was good looking and fit and Freddie looked just like a pretty girl with a great ass getting butt fucked.

I had thought to leave but something made me stay. Eventually the guy pulled out and shot his load onto Freddie's buttocks. He shot a big one and the semen ran down the crack. I watched in amazement as the guy then pushed his cock back in Freddie's ass and fucked him some more. He only fucked Freddie until he too came from jerking off. I was standing there flabbergasted when the guys turned around and saw me. 

"Who the fuck are you? What are you doing here?" the guy yelled.

"Oh shit, Gary, I got this Sam. He's my sister's boyfriend."

Both Sam and Freddie scrambled to get dressed, "What are you doing here?"

"Your dad asked me to come up and help you get the cottage ready."

"Okay, well sorry you had to see that."

Sam had already left the house without a word. "Are you bi?"

"No Gary, I'm gay but no one knows it except a few people and now you."

"But, what about Bobbi?"

"Bobbi is a cross dresser. We're lovers but everyone thinks he is a woman."

"Bobbi is," I started but Freddie finished my comment.

"I know, beautiful. He really likes looking like a woman."

"Is he a transsexual?"

"No he is a gay cross dresser."

"I'm still in shock."

"Come on, let's get a beer and relax for a few minutes."

We sat in the great room drinking beers and discussing our lives, particularly our sex lives. "Gary, you know that you are a stud and I always wondered what you saw in my sister."

"Well she's nice and not pretentious."

"And my sister comes from money too."

I blushed but admitted that was a factor too. 

"So tell me Gary have you ever had sex with a guy. You must have been hit on by some gays in college."

"I did have a few blow jobs. A couple of gays used to hang around this one bar near campus and a few of us let them suck our dicks. It was on nights when there was no other action."

"Did you like it?"

"I wouldn't say I liked it but it was a way of getting our rocks off. It only happened a few times."

"Is that guy, Sam, gay?"

"No, I would call him bi-sexual. He likes fucking my ass. He's married but his wife let herself go and she is obese. I doubt they have sex any more. He's the only one besides Bobbi that fucks me."

"Bobbi fucks you too," I asked.

"Yes, we both fuck and suck each other."

We finished our beers and I retrieved my suitcase from the car. Freddie showed me to the guest bedroom where I would be staying during the week. It took me awhile to get to sleep that night as the image of Freddie getting butt fucked stayed with me. I did have to admit that he had a nice ass and his body was so effeminate. I thought of Christina and she really took after her dad whereas Freddie got his looks from his mom. I eventually fell to a deep sleep.

TUESDAY - A DAY TO BE BI

The next morning I woke up slowly with a morning erection but then I realized it was in a warm wet orifice. Freddie was in my bed and my stiff dick was in his mouth. He must have fished it through the opening in my sleep shorts. It felt good and I let him suck me for a while but my bladder felt like it was about to burst.

"Freddie, I really need to pee. I'm not going to be able to cum until I do."

He removed his mouth and whispered, "Hurry back."

I went to the bathroom to relieve myself and as I was peeing I wondered if I should let Freddie suck my cock until I came. It was a big step for me. I knew that once I did it, he would expect it again and again. I finished urinating and washed my dick and my hands, I returned to the bedroom wearing just my sleep shorts and he dropped to his knees in front of me. He then pulled down my sleepwear with my cock still sticking through the fly. He purposely lowered them slowly allowing my cock to get caught. Then as he pulled the sleep shorts down below my knees my cock sprang forward and bobbed in front of his face.

He drew me in toward him. He caressed the back of my legs and cheeks of my ass as his warm, wet, wonderful mouth began sucking on my cock. I was so horny from the anticipation of getting my cock sucked that I almost shot right then and there. He was massaging the head of my cock against the roof of his mouth. He circled my cock with his tongue and scraped it lightly with his teeth. My cock felt as hard and long as it ever had been and I felt I was going to shoot at any moment.

He took my cock out of his mouth and looked up at me as he stroked the entire length of it and massaged my bloated balls. At that time I felt longer than my 7+" and bigger around then 5." He put it back in his mouth and then took it out again then he gently blew on it as his fingers continually massaged my balls. He tickled my cock head with his tongue and teased my pee slit. He was bringing me up and down and I was close to cumming few times. He seemed to know when I was getting close, and he would do things making me last longer, torturing me in the process. 

He looked up at me smiling and stroking my slick cock and said, "I want you to cum in my mouth Gary. I want to taste you."

Freddie then took my cock all the way into his warm wet mouth. He swirled his tongue around the length of my shaft, nibbled on my cock head and sucked me hard. He reached under my balls and rubbed the hardness between my sac and anus. I could feel my cock thickening and I knew I was going to cum. There was no stopping me this time.

He grabbed my ass cheeks with both hands as I exploded in his mouth. I fired round after round of cum into his mouth and he sucked and swallowed as fast as he could. The force of shooting my load was so intense that it was almost painful. I lost track of time for a while and just held onto his head as he milked my cock for every drop. My legs were weak but he kept my cock in his mouth. He massaged my balls as he continued to suck my cock clean until he let it leave his mouth. Freddie continued to lick and kiss my cock sending chills and shivers through my body. 

I looked down and saw semen on his leg and the floor. Apparently he had cum while he was sucking me but I never noticed. The problem was that I felt great. He was a superb cock sucker, much better than his sister. It was the best blow job that I had had since dating Christina.

We showered, got dressed and ate breakfast. Afterward we began the chores of getting the cottage ready for summer. Since it was a warm beautiful day we tackled the boathouse and worked outdoors all day breaking only for lunch. Freddie was about 5'6" and weighed probably no more than 150 pounds. His hair was dark brown and it covered his ears and the nape of his neck. He had a slender waist and an ass that would not quit. I thought that many a girl would kill for an ass like that. He wore tight fitting shorts that day that hugged his buttocks and showed off his curvy ass. As we worked on the boathouse I started to wonder what it might be like to fuck him in the ass and as it turned out I would learn soon enough.

That evening we cleaned up and had pizza and beers. After we straightened up the kitchen and family room, Freddie wanted to suck my cock again and I was more than ready. As he blew me I kept thinking about his curvy ass. I had not fucked a girl in the ass since I began dating Christina and to be honest, I missed the anal sex. As if reading my mind, he took my cock from his mouth and ran his tongue around the mushroom head and into the pee slit. I was shaking from the tingling sensations and I almost lost my balance when he nibbled gently on the head of my cock sending shock waves through my body. 

"Gary would you like to fuck me?" he whispered in more of a request than a question. "I want to feel your cock in my ass. I want you to fuck me," he said again.

"In here, the family room?" 

"It's okay. You saw Sam fuck me here." 

"Yes, I would like to fuck you." I admitted.

Freddie took something out of his shorts and then he pulled his shorts and his briefs down to his ankles. He turned away from me and I looked at his magnificent ass. It was round, firm, hairless and the skin was flawless. It was perfect. He bent over arching his back and once again I felt that tingle in my pubes. He used whatever he had taken from his pocket and began to grease his anus. I waited for him to give me the all clear and then I moved closer to him. My cock was rock hard by now and I was anxious to put it in his curvy ass. 

I knelt behind him and I begin to caress his beautiful ass, his body was delicate, hairless and flawless. I couldn't believe how much he looked like a girl from behind with his shapely curvy ass pushed back toward me. I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely ass. Moving closer to him, I lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him. My cock head cleared his sphincter and it slid right in without too much resistance. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deep into him. Once I was all the way in him, I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. 

"God, that feels so good, love me, fuck me," he cried out.

His ass was in the air and my cock was fully embedded in it. I pulled back a little and pushed forward. He groaned as I began to slowly fuck him. Each time I would start taking longer strokes. My cock head was soon at the edge of the rubbery ring before I pushed it back into him. Our fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time my balls slammed against his ass, my body and his ass made a wet slapping sound. 

He asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his body and he was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible but once the sphincter began to grip and release me, I lost it. I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing.

He moaned and cried out in his excitement, "Oh yeah cum in my ass. I can feel it."

As I continued to fuck him, semen backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out flowing over his balls. He used his talented anal muscle to milk my cock and drain it of all my seed. I didn't think that I would ever be soft again as I remained hard in his tight sheath. The milking action weakened me and I leaned over on his body. I was so fucking hot that I crammed my cock fully into him. He held my cock and he massaged it with his sphincter. Freddie humped up against me fucking me back as I stayed in him. The family room smelled of sex and sweat. I noticed Freddie's hand flying over his cock as he sought his own release.

"I need to cum," Freddie whispered urgently, "Just keep fucking me."

I had no trouble staying hard and I took slow long strokes in and out of his ass as he pushed up into me more and more. Soon he took control and just fucked my cock. I let him fuck me with his ass. His actions began more erratic and his thrusts shorter and more powerful. He was grunting as my cock slid in and out of his hot ass. Soon my cock was barely staying in his bottom. Then he slowed down and let my cock just press against his prostate. He announced that he was cumming. I saw his cum shoot out and land on the floor. 

I felt his body shiver when he came and his ass tightened around my cock. As my cock slipped from his ass and I stepped back to look at the fabulous looking bottom that I had just fucked. We decided that we had enough for one day and we showered again before hitting the sack. I had no trouble falling asleep that night as I was sexually sated and physically tired from the hard work.

WEDNESDAY - THE ENCOUNTER CONTINUES

The next morning Freddie came to my room again but this time I was awake. I was coming out of the bathroom and he stared at my body for several seconds.

"Is something wrong?" I asked.

"No, nothing is wrong. You are gorgeous!" he exclaimed.

"I guess I should say thank you. I do try to stay fit."

Next it was my turn to stare at him. His body was so effeminate and his skin was flawless. He had a patch of pubic hair that was hardly noticeable. Of course his ass was incredible and it looked better with him totally naked. His body was tan except for his ass which emphasized its shape and beauty. He got in my bed on all fours with his curvy bottom stuck up in the air. I could feel a tingling in my loins as I looked at his hot ass. 

"Gary, I would like you to fuck me first today," he said in a sultry voice.

My cock was hardening and I approached the bed. I knelt behind him and I begin to caress his beautiful ass. He handed me the lubricant and asked me to get his ass ready for my cock. I put an ample amount on my fingers and rubbed it all around his anus. Then I inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing him for my cock.

I was no stranger to preparing assholes for my cock but this was the first time I took so much time preparing a gay's bottom. However as I sawed my fingers in and out of his anus I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to Freddie and lined up the head of my cock with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him.

He cautioned me, "Nice and slow, not too deep at first, then deeper."

My cock head cleared his sphincter and I fed it to him a little at a time. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deeper and deeper into him. Soon I was all the way in his ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. Freddie asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I wasn't worried about cumming too quickly as I knew that I had plenty for that hot ass all day. I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. 
