 FREDDIE NEEDS MORE

 When I woke up Sunday morning I had the sense I was alone in the cottage. I put on my workout shorts and walked into the kitchen commando style. I was surprised to see Freddie there busy making the coffee. He smiled when he spotted me and then shocked me.

 "Good you're up. I want you to fuck me. I've missed your cock."

 "Are you crazy what about the others?"

 "Dad took the boat out fishing. Mom and Christina went out for breakfast and to do some shopping. We have plenty of time and I know that you didn't get a chance to fuck my sister this weekend." 

 With that said he dropped his pants and underwear to his ankles and got on all fours with his curvy bubble butt stuck up in the air. I could feel a tingling in my loins as I looked at his hot ass. I was still amazed that his body was so delicate, hairless and flawless. He really did look like a young woman in that position. My cock was hardening and I dropped my shorts as I approached him. I knelt behind Freddie and I begin to caress his beautiful ass. He handed me the butter dish and asked me to get his ass ready for my cock. 

 I put an ample amount of butter in my hands and rubbed it all around his anus. It was actually turn-on to be using butter. I inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing him for my cock. As I sawed my fingers in and out of his anus I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his shapely ass. I moved closer to him and lined up the head with his anal opening and began to ease it into to him.

 "Not too deep at first, then deeper. You need to stretch me out some."

 My cock head cleared his sphincter and I fed it to him a little at a time. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deeper and deeper into him. Soon I was all the way in his ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. I may not have gotten to fuck my fiancée earlier but now I was enjoying her brother's lovely smooth bottom.

 He asked me to fuck him harder and quicker. So I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his balls and he was moaning with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his rectum. I tried to make it last as long as possible but once he started to contract around my shaft, I lost it.

 I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. As I continued to fuck him, my seed backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out, flowing over his taut balls. Freddie used his talented sphincter muscle to milk my cock and drain it of all. I remained hard in his tight sheath leaning over his body. He flattened out on the floor with me on top and with my cock still in his ass. We eventually moved to our sides and lay next to each other sated but ready for more action. I could see the floor where Freddie had shot his load sometime during our fuck session. He rolled over on his back and smiled at me.

 "Can you fuck me again?"

 I told him I could and moved between his legs much like I would with any woman and lined up my still erect cock with his ass. He was also as hard as a rock and his smaller cock pointed toward his head. I pressed slightly forward and my cock slid into his hot ass. His ass actually pulled me inside and my cock went all the way in him with my balls resting on his ass.

 "God, that feels so good this way, fuck me."

 His ass was in the air and my cock was fully embedded in it. I pulled back a little and pushed forward. He groaned as I began to slowly fuck him. Each time I would start taking longer strokes. My cock head was soon at the edge of his anus before I pushed it back into him. Our fucking was making a sucking sound. Each time my balls slammed against his ass, my body and his buttocks made a wet slapping sound. I was so fucking hot that I crammed my cock fully into him. He held my cock and he massaged it with his sphincter. Freddie humped up against me fucking me back as I fucked him. The kitchen smelled of sex and sweat. 

 "I want to cum just from you fucking me. Just keep fucking me until I cum."

 I took slow long strokes in and out of his ass as Freddie pushed up into me more and more. Soon he took control and just fucked my cock. I let him fuck me with his ass. His actions began more erratic and his thrusts shorter and more powerful. He was grunting as my cock slid in and out of his hot ass. Soon my cock was barely staying in his ass. Then he slowed down and let my cock just press against his prostate. He announced that he was cumming and that set me off and I began to pound my cock in and out of his hole. I slammed my cock into his loose wet hole and I felt my balls tighten. I pressed deep into him and my seed filled his ass.

 "Yes cum in my ass again. Oh I feel it I feel your hot seed."

 I pulled, pushed and cum spurted into him making his hole wetter and warmer as my cock easily slid in. I continued fucking him until my legs were weak and my sperm had stopped flowing. My cock slipped from his ass and I sat back on my haunches. He had juiced all over his upper body. I looked down at him with his cum covered pecs and tummy. Even with his smaller cock on display he looked very feminine. 

 "Did you like fucking me?"

 "Yes, I liked fucking you. I like your ass."

 "I was so full, it was so wonderful. Oh, you're still hard. Do you want to fuck me again?"

 "I'll try but I want you on all fours."

 "Oh yes please fuck me. Fuck me again and cum in me again."

 I continued to fuck Freddie's ass but I could not cum again and I finally collapsed on him exhausted. I pushed forward and he collapsed on the floor under my weight. I lay prone on top of him as my cock softened, deflated and slipped from his ass. He was pressed into his own semen under him until I lifted myself off of his sensuous body. Freddie rolled over on his back and looked at me and smiled.

 Just then we heard a car pull up and we scrambled to get dressed and wipe up the semen. Rhonda and Christina entered the house and greeted us. By then we had poured a cup of coffee and were sitting at the kitchen table. It was just as well that I didn't cum a third time that morning as I expected that I would be fucking Christina when we got home later.

 Rhonda picked up the butter and remarked, "Freddie be sure to put the butter away next time so it doesn't get soft."

 We looked at each other and smiled and he replied, "Sorry mother, I'll be more careful next time."

 MEETING BOBBI

 It was two weeks before the wedding and the girls took Christina out on Friday night for her bachelorette party. Freddie invited me to his apartment and told me that I would get a chance to meet Bobbi. I had to admit that I was curious as to what Bobbi looked like without the female outfit. I arrived at 7:00 PM and Freddie greeted me. 

 Bobbi looked stunning dressed as a woman and I found it a little unnerving. Freddie sat down on the sofa next to Bobbi and I sat down in the chair across from them. We made idle chatter for a while with Bobbi learning more about me and then said that he was really horny and he needed some attention.

 He smiled and stood up from the sofa and I watched as Freddie went about stripping Bobbi naked. Freddie took his time and savored every moment of uncovering Bobbi's effeminate body. I couldn't wait to see the curvy ass. Freddie pulled the boots and stockings off first and then he took off the blouse and bra. He rubbed his hands all over Bobbi's pecs and abs for several minutes and then he dropped to his knees. Freddie slid Bobbi's skirt all the way down to his ankles. He lifted the feet one at a time to pull the skirt free from his legs. Bobbi had a boner and it was very obvious in his panties. Freddie smiled when he saw the erection and then he hooked his fingers in the waistband of the panties and slowly tugged them down. I noticed that they were both breathing hard. My cock had hardened in my pants just from watching them. 

 Freddie finally pulled the panties down past the stiff cock allowing the elastic waistband to catch on it. He pulled the panties slowly over Bobbi's cock and purposely let in snag in the elastic. He continued the downward movement and the stiff cock sprang free. He was about the same size as Freddie. The cock bobbed in front of Freddie's face but he was patient and he finished removing the panties. He reached up and caressed Bobbi's ass and thighs causing him to groan loudly. Bobbi looked as if he was in desperate need of relief. Freddie then covered the cock with his mouth and sucked him gently. Bobbi was so turned on that it only took a few sucks on his cock that he was ready to cum. Freddie sensed this and stopped sucking. And Bobbi looked confused.

 "Let's take this to the bed. I want to be naked too." 

 I watched Bobbi's ass and I found myself wanting to fuck him. Freddie took off all his clothes and told his partner to get in bed. Bobbi got in bed and lay on his back waiting for the next move. Freddie got some lube and then knelt between Bobbi's legs.

 "You're so beautiful that I just have to fuck you first."

 Bobbi nodded in agreement and spread his legs. Freddie fingered Bobbi's asshole with one finger and then two fingers taking his time as he enjoyed playing with his partner's ass. He had Bobbi's asshole well lubed and then he added the lube to his own cock and moved into position. He lifted the legs up so that Bobbi's ass came off the bed and then he eased his cock into the receptive asshole. His cock slid in easily and I watched as they fucked missionary style. Freddie's hands were on the small pecs and the back of Bobbi's knees rested against Freddie's arms as he drilled the shapely ass. Bobbi's hard cock slapped against his abdomen as Freddie fucked him. I then decided to take my own clothes off and join in when I felt it was appropriate. 

 "Oh my Bobbi dear, you are so hot. I can feel your warmth surrounding my cock. This is going to be a quick one."

 "Stay in me, cum in my ass."

 I watched as he hastened his thrusts into the hot ass and then his entire body went taut. Freddie groaned as he unloaded into the clenching rectum. Bobbi moaned as he felt the warm cum fill his asshole and then the two of them embraced on the bed. They stayed in their embrace until Freddie's cock softened and slipped from Bobbi's ass. They were speechless for almost a minute while I stood there with a rock hard boner. 

 "That was wonderful. Now it is your turn, would you like to fuck me or should I suck your pretty cock?"

 "I'd like to fuck you first," Bobbi replied.

 Freddie lay on his back but Bobbi told him to get on all fours. Bobbi picked up the lube and worked it in to his partner's ass. Bobbi then lubed his cock and knelt behind Freddie to fuck him. This was my cue to get in on the action so I knelt on the bed in front of Freddie so he could suck my cock. Bobbi eased his dick into Freddie's ass and once he was all the way in, Freddie took my cock in his mouth.

 "Oh good, I get to see you suck his cock while I fuck you."

 Bobbi was so hot that he came within minutes and flooded Freddie's ass. He stayed hard in his lover's ass however and kept right on fucking him. I was getting a skillful blow job and I knew that I couldn't last much longer either. I felt my ball sac tighten and I knew it was only seconds before I would cum. Freddie sensed my pending ejaculation and he reached down and caressed my balls and tickled my perineum which sent me over the edge. My body stiffened and my cock pulsated as cum streamed into his mouth. He swallowed as quickly as he could and he kept right on sucking my cock. Soon the sensations got too extreme and I had to push his head away from me. I was drained as I sat back to watch as they continued to fuck.

 Bobbi had really picked up the pace and he was relentless as he fucked Freddie. His cute body bounced around as he drilled his lover. A few more frantic thrusts and then he plunged his cock all the way in and held it there as he ejaculated into Freddie's ass a second time. I watched him clench and relax his buttocks as he milked the cock dry with his sphincter. Bobbi eventually softened and slipped out of Freddie's ass. A large amount of cum oozed out of the dilated asshole and I could only imagine how much cum had been dumped in Freddie's ass. Bobbi was a sperm producing machine.

 "God I feel like a fire hose was turned on in my ass!"

 "Does he cum a lot?" I asked. 

 "Unbelievable and not just once but twice, please get me a towel."

 I went into the bathroom and grabbed a towel for him as he requested. He took it and wiped his ass with it and then sat on it on the bed. 

 "God I can still feel it in my ass and I was afraid to get out of bed. I didn't want to be dripping cum all over the carpet," he chuckled and then asked, "Do you possibly have anything left?"

 "I'll be ready to go again shortly," Bobbi replied with a giggle.

 Freddie got up and went into the bathroom and then returned to the bedroom. He lay down with Bobbi and they embraced again and stroked each other's body. Soon they were both hard again and they moved into a 69 position and sucked each other's cock. As they lay on their sides facing each other I felt my loins stir and my cock harden. I moved behind Bobbi and slipped my cock into his ass. I fucked him slowly as they continued to suck each other's cock. Freddie reached between my legs and played with my balls as I fucked his partner. The three of us stayed in that position until all of us came again. I came in Bobbi's ass as they came in each other's mouth. 

 That was the end of our activity for the evening and I was invited to spend the night with them. We all slept naked together in the large bed. Bobbi was in the middle between Freddie and me. We fell asleep quickly as we were all tired and drained. During the night I woke up when my cock stirred so I stroked it a few times and got it hard. I moved behind Bobbi and slipped my cock into his ass. He jerked off as I fucked him and he came before I did. I picked up the pace and fucked him until I came in his ass. Eventually we fell back asleep.

 A SATURDAY WITH BOBBI AND FREDDIE

 I got up Saturday morning and left the two lovers sleeping in the bed. I went into the bathroom as quietly as I could. When I came out of the bathroom they were both naked on the sofa with their coffee. They sat close to each other so that their thighs touched and they had their hand on the other's cock, jerking each other off. It was a pretty erotic scene.

 "Come and join us, I have your coffee here," Freddie said. 

 I sat next to Freddie. It was pretty hot as the three of us had erections. Freddie stroked my cock with his left hand as he stroked Bobbi's cock with his right hand. Bobbi was stroking Freddie's cock. Eventually Freddie knelt in front of me and took my cock in his mouth. Bobbi then got behind him and slipped his cock into his ass. Bobbi was the first to cum so they changed places. Now Bobbi sucked my cock as Freddie fucked him in the ass. I reached down and played with his hard nipples as he sucked my cock. 

 I was the next to cum and my seed shot to the back of Bobbi's throat. He swallowed quickly and sucked me dry with his talented mouth. Then he nibbled on the head of my cock driving me crazy. The sensation was too intense and I had to push his head off my cock. I watched as Freddie's expression changed and I knew that he was about to cum. His body stiffened and he thrust deep into Bobbi's ass as he unleashed his seed. Bobbi groaned as his ass filled up with Freddie's cum. The three of us broke apart and cleaned cum from our bodies. They took some towels from the bathroom and used them to sit on so that any cum still in their ass wouldn't get on the furniture.

 The three of us were then ready for some more action and we went back in the bedroom. Bobbi got in the bed on his back and Freddie lowered his ass onto his lover's cock. Bobbi told me to kneel by his head so he could suck my cock. I enjoyed the attention to my dick. Freddie jerked on his cock as he rode Bobbi's dick and he was the first to cum.

 Freddie jerked on his cock as cum flew out the head and landed all over Bobbi's body. I moved my hand out of the way as semen landed on the cute body. Bobbi announced that he was going to cum so Freddie got off of him and took a hold of the throbbing cock. Freddie jerked on the cock and rubbed the taut ball sac until Bobbi shot his load all over his own body. I pulled my cock from Bobbi's mouth and aimed it at his body as he rubbed my balls. I fired streams of cum that landed on his pubes, abs and tits. My cock oozed the remaining cum onto his face. He turned his head back toward me and sucked the last drops of cum from my shaft. I looked at him and he was cum drenched from his face to his pubes. Freddie was rubbing his cock on Bobbi's body easing the last bit of cum out of his cock.

 Freddie then got up and took one of the towels and handed it to Bobbi who used it to wipe all the semen from his body. We decided it was time to get cleaned up and get some lunch. We would play again after lunch. Later that afternoon, Freddie, Bobbi and I concluded our sexual marathon with me fucking them both in the ass again. They took turns sucking each other's cock while I fucked them. The three of us were sexually sated and drained. I showered leaving them naked in bed.

 I dressed and thanked them for a great time before I left their apartment. They wished me well and thanked me for being so open to bi-sex. I was in the mood for a drink but decided to have it at my apartment. As I sipped my drink and watched TV, I dozed off as I was exhausted. Once again I had been able to perform sexually with a gay. There was no doubt ever again that I was bi-sexual and could be satisfied with oral and anal sex. Still I knew that I would never be into cock. 

 Christina called later and told me she was still nauseous from getting drunk Friday night. We agreed to meet up tomorrow for breakfast and then come to my apartment. I was glad that she wasn't up for getting together that night as I had nothing left in the tank. Christina also told me that her aunt Penelope, her mom's sister, was coming to town for the wedding. She told me that her aunt was a bit wild and had been through three husbands.