 Although this story is about a married couple and both suck cock with each other, I have decided that it goes in Gay Male instead of Loving Wives.

*

I lay there while he took my cock in his mouth. I had to admit that he sucked cock almost as good as my wife. He had shaved first so there was none of the scratchy whiskers to tell me that it was a man sucking my cock.

We were both in Racine, Wisconsin for a week long seminar. We had been assigned a room together. I knew Jim from work well. We had worked with each other for three years. I never knew he was gay. He stretched his naked body out on the bed. His loins were even with my head. I turned my body to him slightly, giving him a chance to reach under my hip's with one arm and the other over them. His hand's kneaded into my butt cheeks as he sucked.

I opened my eyes and saw his cock. God was he hung. I had always thought of gay men as having small willies. That's why they were gay, wasn't it.? His cock was much larger than my own seven inches. I would guess that it was a good nine inches and twice as thick. There were thick veins budging out through the pinkish skin. The head was a dark red, almost purple. I knew from my own cock that this meant that he was excited.

I had just talked to Mary, my wife. We had phone sex. I was jerking my cock while she fingered her pussy. "God I wish you were here to sink your cock in my wet cunt baby." I wished that I was too. We had three more days of boring presentations, and I was about to crack up. My room mate Jim was too. Earlier we had been in a pub drinking tap ale. Peter was single, and I envied him getting laid while I suffered. Alas there was no women worth screwing in the town. The cute ones must have taken off for other places for the winter.

I decided to head to the room and call Mary. "If I don't get anything in the next hour I might come and fuck you." Jim called as I finished my beer and left. I told him jokingly that I just might let him. Jim and I were like that. From the time he had came into the office I liked him. He was about my own age and built a lot like me. Jim had been to mine and Mary's home for dinner several times. They got along real well. One night Mary remarked, after we had fucked our brains out, the little brains that is. "God Jim could get in bed with me Peter and I would think that he was you."

She had made a few more little innocent remarks like that over the years. Now as I stared at Jim's cock, I knew there was no way she would think he was me. About then Jim went all the way to my ball's and I just had to feel his cock. My cock was deep in his throat and it felt great. Mary had never been able to deep throat me like this. I reached for his cock and I felt like I had grabbed a hot poker.

Jim pushed his body closer as I felt him. His cock was in my face. I could smell it's sexy muskiness. Then I opened my mouth and sucked him in. Just like that. My first cock. I was still a little high from all the beer Jim and I had drunk so I really got into sucking him. Jim had the easiest job as my cock was smaller than his. Next thing I know we were cumming in each others mouth's. I had never tasted sperm, except experimenting with my own, but Jim's cum was delicious. I swallowed all of it like I was a seasoned cock sucker.

Later I turned over to sleep and instead of returning to his bed, Jim pressed his front against my back. Naturally his cock was still hard and stuck between my leg's. It felt good there. In the early morning we found ourselves sucking each other again. For the next three days we sucked each other about a dozen times. On the flight back home we talked about what we had done and that it was a one time thing, well actually a one dozen time thing.

The first night home I gave Mary the fucking of her life. She was happy of course but chided me about cheating on her and trying to make it up by fucking her so long and good. "Well I don't know who she was but if I get fucked like that every time you cheat then cheat on." She then said that she didn't mean it and that she had better be the only woman I ever looked at. I truthfully told her that I would never cheat on her with another woman. "Hum...I guess that you will just have to have sex with men when you are away."

Did Mary sense something? Had she been a fly on the wall? I held her and then said, "Sweetheart...do you remember the time you said that Jim could get in bed with you and you would think he was me?" She looked at me and nodded. "Well That might be true till he shoved his cock in you." Mary wanted to know what I meant and I made up a tale about walking in on him, when he had forgot to lock the bathroom door, and caught him jerking off the largest cock I had ever seen.

Mary thought for a minute. "Boy I never pictured Jim as having a big cock." I told her that she was probably wishing that he had a cock the same size as mine so he could fuck her and she would be able to pretend that it was me. She got an evil grin then and said that if she ever screwed another man she would want to know it.

"Really sweetheart," I asked, "Do you ever imagine screwing another man?"

"Well while you were gone I went to Laura's and she had this video of people screwing."

"So you got hot and horny watching the video and wanted to fuck one of the actors?"

"One of them," Mary exclaimed, "How about all of them?"

At that point Mary straddled me and sank her self down on my cock. I had gotten hard again listening to her talk. "Tell me about Jim's cock." Mary was looking down into my face. Her eye's were sparkling with lust. "Go on tell me about it."

"I didn't get a chance to see it all that well." I remembered the size of Jim's large cock head as I sucked it in the next day. "Well it was big and it made me...I mean it filled his hand."

Mary kept after me to tell her more and soon I was admitting that at the same time that I had walked in on Jim that he was cumming. I told her that he was over the sink and that his cum looked like a fire hose as it arched out to land in the sink basin fully two feet from the bowl. "God Peter, "Did he actually shoot his cum two feet from his cock...that would have blasted against the back of my poor little pussy."

I began to shove hard up into Mary's cunt then. I wanted to fuck her hard and reach places that I knew were there but that I had never reached before. I felt my cock head go into the rubbery ring of her womb but i ran out of length then. When I came I felt my cum shoot up into her. I would have rather have felt my cock head wallowing in my cum while in her womb. Mary did scream and orgasm like she had never done before. She lay on me for a long time after that.

She suddenly lifted her head "Hey hon...in the video there was this woman getting fucked by two men at the same time."

"Now I know why you are so excited...you were imagining what two cocks felt like."

"No silly...the two men were laying down with the woman and she went down on this other guys cock," She took a deep breath as if she were having another orgasm, "The other guy started to suck the cock with her."

"Was this a bi film you were watching?"

"Must have been because there were women licking each others pussies in other scenes."

"I think Laura was trying to get in your pants...I always thought she liked women."

"Well at least I didn't stand there and watch her shoot off two feet."

"Oh God...Now you are going to be throwing it up to me because I can't shoot off two feet."

"You shoot off just fine for me and you only have to shoot it a couple of inches into my mouth or my pussy."

I got on top of her and shoved my cock into her again. Later she said that if whatever I did in Racine made me fuck her like that then maybe I should do it more. She quickly said that I had better not cheat with another woman thought. I told her that would only make it ok for me to have sex with other men.

"So it's ok for me to suck Jim's cock but I can't fuck another woman?"

"That's about it lover...I'm really can't see you sucking Peter's cock but I better not ever hear of you fucking some bimbo."

I took a chance then. "Mary I have listened to you make little remarks about Jim for ever since he came to dinner the first time." She didn't seem to be paying any attention to me. She had taken my limp cock in her mouth and was sucking me. Her mouth felt good except that she didn't take it as deep as Jim had done. I pushed her head down and caused her to gag. She said something about her not being Jim.

That did it. I shot what ever cum I had left in my balls, into her mouth. I thought she had swallowed it but there she was kissing me. She shoved a wad of my own cum into my mouth and I swallowed it and swirled my tongue around the insides of her mouth. I looked in her eyes and she was looking at me intently.

After that night I had thoughts of her with her leg's locked around Jim's body with his cock stretching her cunt open. When I fucked her I tried to shove my cock further into her womb. It wouldn't go. "I love it when you cum up me there," Mary told me one night as she sat on my cock for greater penetration. I told her that I was sure that Jim could actually penetrate her there and shoot her womb full of sperm.

Mary got real excited at that and then we began the fantasy talk, using Jim as the other man. "Would you suck Jim's com from me after he fucks me," she asked one night as I was sucking my cum from her.

"Would you want me to do it?"

"Well yes...it would make me feel better for you to suck his cum from me," she smiled, It would make me feel that you really liked him fucking me."

"I'm afraid that after he fucked you a few times your pussy would be too loose for me."

"Oh you men," she said irritated, "Why do you think a woman's pussy get's stretched all that much from having a cock a little bigger?" I wanted to mention that Jim was twice as thick as me and a lot longer. "Anyway my butt would always be tight to you."I had anal sex with Mary a few times and her butt was tight. I asked her if she really wanted a larger cock. "Well since your cock is the only one I have ever had it's hard to imagine one larger" She was quick to say that in watching the video with Lisa that she knew that there were cocks larger than mine.

"Well I'll just have to tell Jim that you want him to fuck you." For some reason I thought that Jim only liked men. At the same time I was really wanting to see him shove that large cock in her cunt and then suck his cum from her. I think that our fantasy talk had really got to me. I wanted to suck Jim's cock again. I wanted Mary to see me suck it.

A week later Jim and I had to go out of town for one night. We ended up in bed again with our cocks stuffed down each others throats. I found that I loved sucking his cock and swallowing his cum. That night I made up my mind that I wanted Jim to fuck Mary. Whether or not I got to suck his cock with her was another matter. I just wasn't sure how she would react to that. From her kidding and joking i was sure that she wanted to funk him. I wasn't sure beyond that.

"Hey, hope you don't mind that I brought Jim home with me."I had taken my car and usually dropped Jim off at his apartment. Tonight I knew that Mary would be horny for a good screwing as she usually is after I have been away. Tonight I wanted her to have Jim's cock. I had not mentioned it to Jim and he was totally ignorant. I knew now that Jim also liked Mary. I had shown him a nude picture of her and he looked at it while we sucked each other. I was the most surprised when he said that he would love to fuck her. That told me he was more bi than gay.

"Hi Jim," Mary said as she walked up to him and kissed him on the mouth. Jim grinned at me. This was a very good sign that Mary liked him. All during dinner she divided half her time between the two of us. It wasn't till after dinner when Jim and I went into the den and had a glass of wine while Mary made her self comfortable, as she put it. When she came down and joined us, she had indeed made herself more comfortable and Jim and myself just the opposite. 

Mary had changed into a silk lounging robe. It was very thin and it looked like she had nothing on underneath but then modern lingerie looked like that. I found it hard to believe that my wife was making herself that ready to be fucked. She took a glass as Jim poured some wine for her. Then Jim and I just looked stupid at each other. After a few minutes Mary began to laugh. "So what's so funny sweetheart? I had to ask.

"I guess it's that men tend to get dumb when they are in the presence of a near naked woman."

"Oh...are you near naked?" It was Jim that asked the question.

"I thought you could tell." she said and smoothed the material over her breast, making the nipples shove out.

"Well I was in hopes." That was Jim again. He seemed to be asking the right questions,

"Is that all you can do is hope?"

"Well actually I would rather not have to hope."

"So don't hope...do." That was all Mary said. She looked at me for a long moment then looked back at Jim." I will give him credit. He didn't waste any time. When he first sucked my cock it was something that he had made up his mind to do and he did it. He did the same with Mary now. He came and sat beside her and took her in his arms. The kiss he planted on her lip's left nothing to chance. It was a deep soul searching kiss with some tongue thrown in. Mary was breath less and looked flushed when it ended. Me, I just had a terrific hard on.

Jim looked my way once and then went back to work on my wife. He brought his lip's down to her's again and kissed her more. This time Mary let herself surrender to Jim's kiss. Peter was excited as he saw the way Mary was responding to Jim. Jim had started to undo the belt of the robe. It opened up at the front and both men saw that Mary had not wore anything underneath. Mary wanted this as much as Jim and Peter did. Peter stood and began to remove his clothes as he watched as Jim kissed and sucked at Mary's breast. He knew how good Jim's lip's could feel. He was sure from the sublime expression on Mary's face that she loved the feeling too.

Jim had on a coat, shirt and trousers on. He had already kicked his shoes free. Jim had his long finger's in Mary's cunt. He was fucking her as deep as the digits would allow. Mary was growing frustrated as she tried to rip at the buttons of Jim's shirt. Peter thought that he would help his wife and he walked the few steps to them. Kneeling down he began to undress Jim. Mary looked down at him and smiled. " Oh my husband helping another man seduce me."

"It could be that I'm helping my wife do the seducing." Mary smiled. What Peter had said was true. Peter smiled as he finally bared Jim's naked chest to Mary. She didn't look at her husband as she bent her head to suck on Jim's nipples. Her hands were clawing at his crotch. Mary felt the thick long hot cock under his pants. Peter worked Jim's zipper and then was pulling the trousers down. Mary placed her hands on Jim's hard buttocks under his silk boxers. Peter snapped the boxers apart and jerked them down. 

Mary felt Peter take her hands and bring them to Jim's hard cock. She almost swooned as she felt the true size of it. Peter kept his hand over hers as he stroked Jim's cock with her. Peter guided one of Mary's hands to underneath where she felt the man's huge balls , writhing in their sac. Mary's head dropped down Jim's flat stomach. Her lip's encountered the top of his pubic hair and she kissed the mass of hair. It was only a scant couple of inches till her lip's met the thick shaft as it jutted from his groin. She noticed that her husband was holding Jim's cock for her lip's. She looked in Peter's eyes as she opened her mouth and engulfed the large head of Jim's cock.

Peter watched his wife suck the head of Jim's cock into her mouth. Not that he was jealous of her with Jim's large cock, but he wanted it also. He wanted to experience with his wife the feel of the large cock in his throat. Mary must have read his mind or interpreted the look in Peter's face as he stared at her sucking their friend's cock. She drew her mouth off it. She had to stretch her mouth wide open to suck it in and it was now coated with a sheen of her wet saliva. Looking at Peter she held the cock toward him.

Peter looked in his wife's eyes and said, " Do you really want me to suck it?"

"Yes I do hon...I want to see you suck it. I know that you've sucked it before." How could she know? I remembered that there exist between a man and a wife a physic bond that comes from years of being together. Mary did know that I had sucked Jim's cock. She probably knew from the start. I thought that she had even been hoping for such an occurrence so she could make love to both of us.

Peter licked his lip's slightly and opened his mouth over the swollen head. He saw a pool of pre cum emerge from the open eye in the end and flicked out his tongue to lick it off. He then kissed Mary again and felt her suction the drop of cum into her mouth. When he went back to Jim's cock again He simply took it all the to his balls. Peter heard Mary gasp. He felt her lip's against mine as he sucked Jim down his throat. Peter heard her whisper, "Oh yes hon...suck Jim's cock...suck it." She didn't have to say that, He sucked. He knew that she was getting excited and aroused from seeing Jim's cock in my mouth just as I had seeing her suck suck it.

Peter realized that he was being greedy and took the large saliva wet cock from my mouth. A long strand of my spit clung to it, still linking it to his lip's. Mary wasted no time in swallowing it, or as much as she could of it. Peter watched as she sucked it in and my string of saliva went into her mouth along with it. He reached under her chin and pulled Jim's hanging testicles out to where he could suck them. There we were. Peter and his wife with ha thick cock halfway down their throat's and with his ball's budging Peter's cheeks out.

Jim, well Jim was in hog heaven so to speak. He sat back while Peter and his wife sucked and pleasured that thick cock of his. " Sweetheart," Peter said after removing his balls from my mouth, " How did you like this?"

In order to answer she had to take her mouth from Jim's cock. She whispered as she licked where she had sucked, " If you mean do I like sucking his cock then the answer is hell yes...I love it." She took his ball sac in her mouth and gently scraped them with her teeth. " If you mean do I like to see you sucking his cock too, and do I like to suck it with you," she paused then, "Let's do it more." We both began to share Jim's cock back and forth till he began to stiffen just as he had before filling Peter's mouth with his hot sperm. He did the same now only difference was that Peter shared Jim's sperm with his beautiful wife.

With her mouth coated, inside and on her sweet lip's, She pressed her open mouth to Peter's. Peter thought that simply swallowing Jim's sperm right from his cock was a turn on, you can imagine how he felt sucking and swapping the mess in his wife's mouth. Then the couple went back to sucking and licking Jim's softening cock. Jim had a beatific look on his face, "Wow...I have wanted the two of you to do that since I first met you."

After the three naked people lay close on the large bed while sipping wine. They talked a lot and Peter and Mary found out that Jim had indeed been desiring them for three years. He had finally decided to go for broke the night ,in Racine, when he first went down on Peter's cock. All three were glad that he had finally did something. "I can just imagine us never knowing how great it is to share a cock." Mary kissed Peter again sweetly, "I think you have made cock suckers out of us for good...I just hope you plan on letting us suck that big cock more and more."
