 It began with a simple question, posed to my wife and I by some attractive couple friends of ours: If you got an invitation to a swingers party, would you go? It's not really the kind of thing you expect to be asked over dinner! Moreover, we had no idea that this couple were into that kind of thing! In any case, we weren't sure what to think at first, as we'd never considered ourselves "swingers" before. Oh sure, we'd talked about it and watched group sex videos online, but we'd never really have the guts to do it, right? 

"I don't know, man. Are you serious?! We'll think about it."

On the drive back home, we talked about it. We're logical people, and so the pros/cons conversation is familiar. We thought about lots of pros, but then again, there were quite a few cons, as well. However, we'd been going through a mundane spell in our love life. Not having problems per se, but lacking in the lust department. Given that, we eventually decided that we'd try something to spice it up, and said yes to the invitation.

"Ok, we'd like to give that a try"

In the weeks leading up to the party, I tried to imagine what it'd be like. Were there going to be a bunch of people there, or just a few? Would I find anyone attractive? Although I didn't think that would really be a problem, what about my wife? Would she "get into it?" Would this all take place in the dark? Would it be in someone's living room with all the lights on? It was exciting.

Finally, we received the invitation by mail. It was clearly something that someone had designed and spent a lot of money on. The invite explained that the dress was to be a masquerade, and it would be held in a large hotel suite in town. We were to arrive en masque, so as to remain anonymous from other party guests. This suited me just fine. I know what you're thinking, a masquerade party? Like that scene from "Eyes Wide Shut," right? Well, it was exactly that, and my mind really started racing then! In the following days, my wife and I went to buy fancy masks, and we'd just wear suit and tie for me, little black dress for her.

The night arrived, and we went out for a nice dinner before excitedly going to the hotel. After the valet took the truck, we were stopped by an attendant at the door. He instructed us to put on our masks, which we did, and then showed each of us to elevators at opposite ends of the hall. As we walked, he explained that gentlemen would take a freight elevator to the 10th floor, and ladies would take the regular lift to the same location. I kissed my wife quickly, and smiled as she pressed the 'up' button.

"Have fun, baby, you look fantastic. . . See you after - or during? I don't know!" 

After parting ways and a short ride to the tenth floor, I was escorted into a room just off the elevator that was dimly lit and well-furnished with leather chairs. There was a bar, and oddly, several coat racks scattered about. The place smelled faintly of bourbon and men's cologne. All the inhabitants of the room were other men, in their masks, and similarly dressed as myself. A bourbon was offered to me, which I accepted and I began to wander around, wondering whether I should make conversation with someone or just sit back and watch. A couple of the other guys were talking to each other - perhaps they'd been here before - but mostly, it was quiet; in this unfamiliar situation, I guess you tend to keep to yourself. 

After a couple of other guests arrived, an emcee-looking person came into the room, and gathered us around:

"Welcome, gentlemen. Thank you all for coming, and we trust that you'll have a pleasant evening. I am here to lay ground rules for how you are to conduct yourself at the party. As you may have guessed, each of you arrived with a girlfriend or spouse, and they are in another room, hearing announcements similar to mine. You are encouraged to seek out a partner or partners, and fulfill a fantasy or two - that's why each of you, male and female, are here tonight - fantasy. In just a few minutes we will open the door to the parlor, and you can mingle with other guests. A gentle touch on the shoulder will be your proposition to another guest, as we believe that silence enhances the fantasy. You may respond with a simple nod of the head to indicate agreement, but please do not speak above a whisper. You'll find any 'materials' you may need: lubricants, toys, and so forth; in the parlor on tables. I think that this is all you need to know, so please disrobe, and let the festivities begin!"

Well, that explains the coat racks! I began to take of my clothes as did the other men in the room, and considered what the emcee had said - tonight was a chance to fulfill anonymous fantasies. My thoughts were already getting me aroused, and from the looks of things, I wasn't alone in my arousal. Other men in the room were either undressed or nearly so, and of the 8-9 guys there, about half had partial or full-on erections. I noticed the man nearest me. Since he had the mask on, I didn't really look at his face, I looked at his body. Strangely, I found it nice to look at. He wasn't chiseled, but he appeared athletic. His skin was brownish, as if he may be Hispanic, or just really tan. His cock was maybe a little bigger than average, and it hung loosely. I have to admit, I was having thoughts about him before I ever saw what was in store in the next room.

The door was opened, and the other men began to file out into the parlor. As the man next to me passed, I touched his shoulder. A night of fantasy, right? I certainly didn't consider myself gay, but perhaps I was a little bi-curious. In any case, I wanted to have some sort of encounter with this man, what better time to be anonymous. He stopped to look at me, then he spoke in a whisper, "what?"

"I touched your shoulder; I think I want you."

"But I'm not gay, I'm here with a woman," he replied.

I leaned closer to him to whisper back, "I'm not either, and I'm here with my wife, too. But, I'm curious what it would be like to touch a man, have him touch me. Would you try?"

He was conflicted. I leaned closer again and lightly traced my finger from his navel to just above his cock, "who's gonna know. . .?" At the touch, his dick began to stiffen. He looked at me, and nodded yes, just slightly.

That was all the invitation I needed. I quickly got on my knees and surrounded his penis with my mouth and sucked gently. It was quite a sensation to feel his dick growing in my mouth as he became fully hard. I started bobbing my head up and down, slowly, and as deeply as I could, and I think that we both forgot that we were straight, gay, or otherwise, we were just men, giving and receiving pleasure. My cock was at full attention - I was so turned on feeling like a submissive little whore on my knees. I kept sucking. I paused to massage the underneath side of his head with my tongue, something that my wife does to drive me crazy. It seemed to have the same effect on this man. Soon, I could feel his body flex from the impending orgasm. I deep-throated his cock as much as I could, so he could cum right into my throat. He released himself fully, and I swallowed every bit. As I stood up, I licked his nipple, making him smile in appreciation. We embraced; his warm skin felt good. I gently stroked his satisfied cock, and for a moment, we were just there in the quiet.

"Do it for me," I whispered.

The man attempted to kiss me on the mouth, but I didn't want that. That seemed to be too much. I just wanted to touch him, suck him, and I wanted the same in return. He seemed to take the non-verbal cues. He roughly caressed my dick a few times. I was so horny, it was as if my member was itching, and his rough handling of me felt just right. He pushed me gently backward toward one of the leather chairs. I sat down, and he dutifully got on his knees. He was great at giving head. I've heard gay men say that men are the best at sucking cock because they know the right spots; I assume gay women may feel the same. It's true. I never wanted him to stop, but at the same time, I didn't want to cum. I realized that it wasn't so much my desire, my fantasy, to take from another man, but rather, just to give. It was too soon to cum, because it takes me a while to recover. I had another fantasy on my mind now.

I wanted to venture out into the parlor.

(to be continued. . .)