 I was in an all-inclusive resort in Playa del Carmen when I did something to a hamstring that felt semi-serious so I booked a massage. It was my first massage ever.

The masseuses, a very pleasant young man, suggested I get nude because the oils he was going to use would stain my gym shorts so I got on the table naked. He was wearing an all white t-shirt and white loose fitting shorts and was very polite. I guessed he was a member of the original native tribes from his looks and stature. He was a short guy with the build of a gymnast.

He began on my feet, which apparently needed the attention, before he began working on my hamstring. There was a knot there he said as he worked on it. There was pain at the beginning but that was soon gone.

I thanked him telling him it was much better but he reminded me I had booked a full hour massage and to relax, he was going to make me feel good. His massage moved to my shoulders and then to the small of my back. He was straddling my legs on the massage table with me for that part of the massage. Then he started on my ass.

I did not need my ass massaged but he must have sensed I liked it because he paid a lot of attention to it. I felt the oils he was using go into the crack of my ass and I felt his hand slide between my ass cheeks to rub it down.

I felt a finger slide into my ass. I felt I should have stopped the massage then but somehow did not. I felt his finger slowly move in and out of my ass. That was when I must have moaned.

I soon felt two fingers in my ass. I pretended to be asleep as he fingerfucked my ass. Then I felt him shift his position. I felt his cock slide between my ass cheeks. I felt oil dripped on my anus. Then I felt his cock work its way in.

I was not alarmed, angry, upset, nothing. If anything I thought the whole process was interesting. He had a small dick apparently since it never hurt or burn, In fact it felt OK going in. I decided I was going to let him fuck me.

But before he could begin the timer clock went off and he lifted himself off me and patted my ass to wake me up. I pretended I did and got dressed as I praised him for working the knot out of my hamstring.

Two weeks later I was home on the Internet looking for a masseuse. I found one that was highly recommended on various web sites including several that may have been gay and booked an appointment.

This masseuse was a tall slim guy younger than me. I told him about my hamstring and he said he would take care of it. He was wearing loose gym shorts and as soon as I was on the table I saw he had an erection. His cock was long but apparently slim. I smiled.

He worked on my legs then my hamstring. I suggested he get on the table and get leverage on it and he did. I pretended to go to sleep as he worked on the small of my back. I felt the oil go into the crack of my ass then felt his finger go in me.

I encouraged him with a soft moan and he was soon fingerfucking my ass with one then two fingers. I felt his weight shift then his cock slide into my ass. I loved it.

He fucked me slowly, lovingly. I felt his cum in me. He kept fucking me until his cock slid out. My ass missed his cock.

Several minutes later he was standing by me and after 'waking me up' he suggested I get the hamstring massaged at least once a week. I turned to my back so he could see my erection before I agreed and made an appointment for the next week.

He asked me if my groin muscles were OK and I said they give me trouble at times. He began to massage them and accidentally made contact with my erection often. I caressed the back of his neck and he slid my cock in his mouth. It was the best blowjob I had ever received.

I dressed then kissed him and said, "Next Wednesday?"

"Yes, every Wednesday," he said.

He kissed me and I went home.

My wife asked me if my leg felt better and I said it did but was told it was likely a maintenance item, a massage every week thing.

She fucked the hell out of me that night. I was happy I had already cum once and was able to last until she fucked herself out.

I did get a massage and an ass fuck every week and a fine blowjob afterwards and fucked the wife thoroughly each of those nights. It was a nice routine that lasted almost two years until the young man moved away.

My wife asked if she could help my hamstring and I said yes. I moaned the first time the oil hit my ass. I heard her say, "Oh."

She slid her hand between my cheeks and eventually slid a finger in my ass. 

"You like this I see." 

"Yes," I said.

"The guy that did your massages, did he massage here too?"

"Yes."

A few minutes of silence followed during which she fingerfucked my ass attentively.

"Did he use something other than his fingers at times?"

"Yes."

"Wait here," she said as she left the bed.

When she returned she had a long vibrator in her hand and slowly slid it into my ass then began to fuck me with it.

"Did you cum when he fucked you?"

"No, just when he sucked me off."

"A few moments later she said, "Turn over."

I did and she immediately began a blowjob. The vibrator was still in my ass.

"Did you ever fuck him?"

"Yes."

"Good to know," she said then straddled me and began to fuck me to Vladivostok. Our orgasms were epic, worthy of all halls of fame.

"I am very happy to see you have accepted my small fetish. I love you."

"I did worry about you and your massages but when I learned it was a guy I relaxed. Then I got suspicious when you came home so horny for me. Once as you tried to fuck me to the basement I slid my hand on your ass and felt my finger slide effortlessly into you. You had an epic orgasm, I then understood.

I decided then I was not upset and that all your love was for me. In fact I felt sorry for you when the guy left. I got us a present. Turn to your tummy as I get ready."

I did as she said until she paraded in front of me wearing a harness to which she had attached the vibrator.

"This has a clit stimulator on my side."

She fucked me for several minutes before she felt her clit show its appreciation and she was soon having a train of orgasms as she pounded my ass.

Eventually she was too exhausted to continue and slid to my side. I kissed her, her tits, then removed the condom from the dildo and unbuckled her. As soon as her pussy was exposed I began to feast on the juices covering it. She moaned.

I kissed my way to her lips and sunk my cock into her. She moaned louder.

I fucked her slowly, delicately and she had one of the deepest orgasm I had ever taken her to.

I stopped and waited for her aftershocks to release her. I kissed her then slid off her body.

"You haven't cum," she said.

"Strangely enough I don't need to and your cum was more than big enough for both of us anyway."

We were about to sleep when I asked her, "Can I watch you fuck my sister with that thing?"

She smiled, kissed me, then fell asleep.

I decided that had been a yes and smiled as I fell asleep too.