 I'm a good looking straight guy in my 30's but I had always been a little bi-curious. During a particularly long dry spell with the ladies I had my first experience with another man and this is that story.

I was about 33 and I had been having some pain in my lower back. I had gone to a chiropractor but wasn't thrilled with the results. After some research I decide to try getting a massage. I had never had a massage so I wasn't sure what to expect. I ended up making an appointment in the early evening at a nice spa near where I worked.

When I arrived I was pleased to see that the place was very nice and seemed to have a decent clientele. They also had a steam room and shower that they said I could use before my massage. I definitely wanted to take advantage of that so I arrived early for my massage.

The receptionist was very nice and explained to me the whole process including use of the steam room. I made my way to the changing room and got undressed and put on the robe they had provided. While I was getting ready for a steam I overheard the receptionist tell my masseuse - Mike - that I was the last client for the day and so he (Mike) would be closing up after he finished with me.

I went into the steam room and felt amazingly relaxed - the heat really did a number on my sore and aching muscles. When I was finished enjoying a good sweat I took a quick shower and let the receptionist know I was ready for my massage.

She led me into a warm relaxing massage room and told me to lie face down on the table and that Mike would be with me shortly. She noted that I could take my robe off and get under the blanket on the table.

When she left the room I did as instructed and lay down, naked, under the warm blanket. I had never been naked - even covered - in front of a stranger before but being in that position made me a little aroused.

I laid down and continued to relax when I heard the door to the massage room open.

"Hi, I'm Mike" he said.

I lifted my head to return his greeting and was surprised at how handsome Mike was. I guess I was expecting some kind of overly muscular masseuse but instead Mike was a nicely tanned, in shape handsome man.

"Hi. Rick" I responded.

"Hi Rick. Have you had a massage before?"

"No," I replied.

"Ok," he said, "No problem. Feel free to let me know if you like what I'm doing pressure wise, etc. or if you want more, less. This is for you to enjoy so I'll do whatever you like."

"Great" I said and put my head back down.

At this point I wasn't thinking about anything sexual. I was relaxed and excited about getting my first massage.

I heard Mike rub his hands together and then put oil on them. I took a deep breathe and as I exhaled I felt his warm hands on my still covered lower and upper back.

"Relax" he said. 

"In a moment I will start the massage. I will only uncover the part of your body I'm working on."

With that Mike moved to the end of the table and pealed back the blanket from my legs.

He started working on my calf and then up my leg to my hamstring. The base of my ass was exposed but just barely. As he continued his moved further up my leg to my ass. His strong hands felt good as he kneaded the muscles in my butt. At one point he push down on my butt which caused my ass to spread a little. At first I was surprised but it actually felt good and so I subtly spread my legs a little.

He finished on my right leg and began the same process on my left. As he worked up to my left ass cheek I spread my legs a bit more. When he started on my left ass cheek he asked me, 

"Do you want me to work on your butt some more?"

"Yeah.." 

I said as I felt myself start to become aroused.

He put more lotion on his hands and begin to really dig into my left cheek before putting his right hand on my other cheek. He worked the two in circular motions which caused my ass to spread more. This continued my arousal and I started to become a little uncomfortable lying on my erect penis.

I tried to subtly adjust myself so he stopped the massage.

"Its okay, its totally normal." he said.

With that I quickly adjust myself so I was more comfortable and he went back to work.

After a few minutes he took the towel and covered my legs and so I thought he was done teasing me.

However, he walked to the top of the table and rolled the towel down off my back and completely exposed my ass.

He then stood at the top of the table and ran his hands in long strong strokes down my back from my shoulders to my ass. When he got to my ass cheeks he would press them down and then out, running his thumbs down the crack of my ass to just near my anus.

I couldn't help but let out an enjoyable moan as he did each stroke and I felt that he too was getting aroused.

After one final pass in which his thumbs ran over my anus he suggested I roll over.

I did as he instructed and could clearly see the buldge in his pants. He removed the towels from me completely and stood at the middle of the table and began to massage my thighs.

As he did this I took my right hand and pressed it against the buldge in his pants.

He looked at me and smiled.

"Now what?"

I put a few fingers in the top of his pants and pulled on the waist band. Without another word he slipped off his shoes and removed his pants and boxers and then his shirt.

We were both now naked and erect.

I stayed on the table and reached again for his cock and pulled him towards me.

He kept a hand on my dick and stroked it as he moved towards me.

I took his penis in my hand and licked it, slowly at first, like a lollipop.

After a few licks I put it in my mouth. He let out a loan groan and gripped my penis harder as he stroked it.

I had never touched another man's penis, much less sucked one, but I went at his with reckless abandon. The feeling in my mouth was amazing and licking and sucking his cock was making me even harder.

As I continued to suck him he moved his hand down my cock and cupped my balls before slowly moving a finger to my anus.

I bent my knees and spread my legs and he slowly pushed his middle finger into me.

I gasped at the feel of something inside me and stopped sucking his cock.

"Don't stop.." he sighed.

He pushed his finger deeper into me and then held it there at which point I took his cock back in my mouth. I tightened my grip around it and stroked his cock as I sucked it.

I could feel the tension building up inside him and he began to rock his hips.

I squeezed harder and stroked faster as he moaned.. 

"I'm gonna.. ..cummmm"

With that hot spurts of seamen shot from his penis into my mouth. It was too much too quick and so I had to remove him from my mouth. The rest of his hot load sprayed on me.

"That was amazing.." he said, "now its your turn."

He handed me a warm hot towel and then lowered his head onto my cock. His hot breath felt awesome around my cock. As he sucked me he stuck his finger back inside my ass and fingered me at the same pace as his mouth went up and down my cock.

It didn't take long before I was nearing my own orgasm and he sensed that, pushing his finger deeper in my ass. Finally I was there and he held his finger in my ass, pressing against my prostate, causing me to have the most intense orgasm of my life.

My body shook wildly as I sprayed a huge load of cum out of my cock.

When my orgasm was over I laid on the table breathless and speechless.

"We're out of time, I hope to see you again."

"You will" I smiled.

He left the room and after my heart race slowed I got up, cleaned myself off and got dressed.

I left a nice tip and scheduled another massage for the following week.