 David and I decided to visit our gym of choice late one night. We worked out, showered, dressed and were talking at we walked past the front desk. The attendant asked if we'd like a massage. David turned it down, but I took him up on it. David continued out the front door, I asked Kahl if he had any plans because it was late and he said no.

Kahl went to lock the front door and pointed me down the hall to room 1. He shortly entered and directed me to the dressing area. I kept my underwear on, and Kahl patted the towel covered table. I lay down on the table face first. Kahl took a hand towel and lay it across my ass. Kahl said, "You hold on to the towel while I remove your shorts, we don't need them in the way."

"You know you are my first customer since I started, I have been here a week. I checked out your charts and seen you are a highway patrol, I like doing my part for you boys in blue," he said.

He started with the hot oil, rubbing it into my skin and under the towel on my ass and into the crack. He next broke out with the hot rocks, rubbing them on my back, stepping around the head of table, reaching down and massaging up to my shoulders and neck. He stepped around the other side dragging his fingernails down my spine as he went to foot of the table.

He started on my legs, dragging his hands and nails up to the towel and dipping them underneath. He stepped away, turning his back, telling me to turn over. I turned over and lay the towel over my semi-hard cock. When he turned, he laughed and said, "I am going to have to get me a much bigger towel."

He started on my front side with the hot oil, working from each side of the table just barely grazing the base of my cock each time, letting the hole oil slide down onto my balls. He repeated the treatment with the hot rocks as I let go with a huge moan. Kahl smiled and said, "I must be doing a good job!"

I replied, "You are doing an excellent job Kahl, keep it up."

I closed my eyes and heard a buzzing. Kahl came at me with a vibrating orb shaped tool. He started at my feet and started working up my leg, moving over to the other accidently bumping my balls as he moved over to the other leg. My cock was getting harder and harder. I said, "I am so sorry, but your hands are magic."

Kahl said, "No problem, it happens all the time. I will take that as a compliment."

Kahl moved to my side continuing with the rocks. I bent my elbows placing my hands under my ass, my elbows out. Kahl moved forward pushing my elbow against his cock. I didn't act like I felt it and he didn't pull away either. As he continued, he ground his crotch against my elbow, squeezing his legs on my elbow as he worked my muscles.

He took each hand in his hands and worked them deeply. When he took the other hand in his I ran a finger up his inner leg in his shorts. Kahl moaned as I run my nail over his hole, squeezing my hand harder, as I traced from his hole to his balls and back. Kahl moved up further and lowered his mouth to mine.

I used the other hand and pulled his mouth tight against mine. He reached to the band of his shorts sliding them down and kicking them off. I took his hands and moved him around behind my head. I said, "Climb up on the table, suck my cock."

Kahl leaned forward, removed the small towel and gasped when he saw my cock. Kahl pushed my cock down and licked from the base to the head and down the other side and down between my balls. He buried his nose in my balls and inhaled deeply groaning at the same time. He licked back up to the head and kissed it, he run his hand over my legs and coated my cock with oil. 

Taking just the head in his mouth he started swirling his tongue around it sucking and moaning. I placed a finger at his hole and started pushing, working it in slowly. Kahl opened his mouth wider and started down on my cock just a bit at a time. I pulled out my finger and worked it back in his ass. he pulled off my cock and said, "I don't know if I can take this fat black but it's going to be fun trying."

Kahl took my cock in his mouth again as I placed 2 fingers in his ass working them in and out. I placed my other hand on Kahl's head encouraging him as he tightened down on my fingers. I placed the 3rd in and worked his ass. I felt my cockhead hit the back of his throat and he gagged. He pulled back a bit and went back down getting just past the gag reflex this time and stopped.

I said, "You are doing great, just relax and pull off a little and go back and forth to lose the gag reflex. It'll get easier with practice."

Kahl did as I said, he bobbed his head up and down as I encouraged him verbally and with my hand resting on the back of his head. He finally took my whole big black cock to the base. I groaned when he took it all the way. I said, "We have got to find a more comfortable place. My fat cock wants some of that ass."

Kahl pulled off and said, "The couch makes into a bed."

Kahl went back down, taking my whole black cock to the root. I said to Kahl, "Lets get a shower and adjourn to the couch."

Kahl crawled off the table and helped me up, I sung my legs to the side and Kahl stepped in and kissed me. he sucked my lips and tongue like a man possessed. I threw Kahl over my shoulder and headed for the showers. I put him down and we started the showers. We got rags and soap and washed each other as we kissed. Kahl knelt and washed my ass and took my cock in his mouth as he washed my nuts.

He let my cock fall from his mouth and washed it. Kahl stood back up, stepped up to my chest and took my nipples in his mouth, sucking and nibbling. Kahl turned the showers off and got a big fluffy towel. He started drying me and then drying himself. I took the towel from him and dried his hair, back and ass. I took his hand and led him back to the massage room.

Kahl went over and reached around the black pleather couch, pulled the handle and let the back lay flat. Kahl asked if I was thirsty as he handed me a bottled water. I took it and took a big swig. I sat down as Kahl stepped around the massage table to get the oil. Kahl said smiling, "I think I will probably need this."

I pulled Kahl to me as I lay back. He slid down taking my soft cock back in his mouth, letting it harden at the same time. Get me good and hard, I want some of that sweet ass. you are going to need the oil, slick up my cock. Kahl got the oil, coated my cock and knelt straddling me. I told him, "Take my cock in your hand, lower your hole to the head and push down and give me entry to that sweet tight ass."

Kahl lowered his ass saying, "Oh fuck, it is so big, I don't know if I can take it."

"I know you can Kahl, you'll do fine. You take my whole big black the first time and then I am going to knock the bottom out."

Kahl lowered his ass until just the head entered his ass. Kahl stopped and groaned as I worked the cheeks of his ass, tracing the crack of his ass with my fingers. Kahl slid down further as I encouraged him. he stopped again and looked at me. he started again and took a couple more inches, raising and lowering his ass on my cock. I took his face in my hands and said, "You are almost there Kahl, I know you can do it. You got just a few more inches to go."

Kahl slid off a few inches and started bouncing up and down eventually taking my entire fat black cock in his sweet ass. Kahl stayed down with my cock in his ass. He leaned down telling me how good my cock felt filling his ass. He kissed me deep, sucking my tongue hard. I slapped his ass and he lay his head on my shoulder as I alternated between slapping and rubbing.

I rolled us over with my cock still plugging his ass. I raised up placing his ankles on my shoulders. I rotated my hips moving my cock around in Kahl's ass. Kahl was groaning in bliss with my big black cock filling his ass. I leaned forward kissing Kahl and he moaned. I started pulling my cock out till just the head was in his ass.

Kahl said, "My ass feels so empty without that big cock in it, fuck me."

I started with short strokes as Kahl moaned, I short stroked Kahl and interspersed with long strokes. Kahl was groaning now, mumbling incoherently. I pushed his legs further back and stretched out, long stroking Kahl's ass. Kahl was starting to get really loud, I lowered my mouth to his to quiet him down. As I fucked him deep as he took hold of my head with his hands, still groaning.

I pulled up and placed my hand over his mouth, he opened his mouth letting my fingers enter. I said, "I love your tight ass Kahl, work it, milk my cock, massage it."

Kahl replied, "Clayton, I love what you're doing to my ass with your big black cock, fuck me hard."

I was really pile driving that sweet hole now, going deep and grinding my hips as Kahl yelled. I said, "I am fixing to fill your ass with my cum."

He said as he pulled my mouth to his, "Fuck my ass and fill me with your cum, do it Clayton."

I started shooting as he kissed my neck and he was moaning as I filled his ass and worked his ass with my cock. After I finished shooting my load in his ass lowered his legs, lay down on him and rolled us over with my dick still plugging his ass. I held Kahl tight as he kissed my face and neck telling me what a great time he'd had. We lay there relaxing as Kahl kissed and licked my face and neck.

I saw the clock on the wall and ask Kahl what time the day shift came in. He looked and said normally in about an hour. We got up and got us a shower. We had just finished getting dressed and walked out when Bruce, the owner, came in. I told him Kahl was going to let me in early, but I had an emergency to take care of and then I'd be back, I'd definitely be back.

As Kahl and I headed out I told him to follow me. After all I am a man stud in blue you know.