 It had been almost a year since the divorce. John had been heartbroken when he discovered that Allison was cheating on him. When found out, she had simply stated that she didn't love him anymore and she had found another relationship. Without kids to complicate things the divorce had been neat and swift. Allison had her own career and had not asked for any financial support. Shortly after the divorce she got a job transfer to the city where her new lover resided and began a new life without John.

Bitter and cynical, John threw himself into his architectural practice and eschewed dating. 33 years old, handsome and financially successful, John was considered a real catch by the women who knew him. Friends were constantly trying to set him up on dates but he rebuffed their efforts, usually with a mumbled "not ready yet" or "I have too much work to do" response. His daily routine consisted of a long day at work followed by a long night in his empty condo. His sex life was reduced to occasional porn surfing and masturbation. It was during one of these sessions that he happened on a video that piqued his interest. It was a massage video but instead of a man and a woman the video was of two men participating in an erotic massage. As he watched the two men on his screen John realized that he had become fully erect at the sight of the video's masseur slowly stroking the cock of the man on the massage table. John stared intently as he watched the masseur bring his client to an intense orgasm with his hand. When the video ended he flicked off the computer and headed to his bedroom.

Laying down on his bed John slid off the gym shorts he was wearing and reached into the night stand for the bottle of lube. Pouring some lube into his hand, he coated his erect cock and began to slowly stroke himself. The scene in the video replayed itself in his mind. He imagined it was himself on the table and the handsome masseuse was stroking him. He had never had overtly gay fantasies but there was something about the scene that immensely excited him. The idea of laying back and letting another man take over his pleasure was extremely erotic. He imagined the hand stroking his penis was not his but that of another man. Soon he felt the contractions begin deep within him as the orgasm overtook his body. His cock strained at the pleasure and the eruption followed quickly. As his cock pulsed within his hand, rope after rope of warm cum shot onto his chest. As the last contraction faded he looked down to see that his entire stomach and chest was coated with semen. Never had he come this much from masturbation. In fact, he doubted that he had ever come this much with a woman. Wiping himself off with a towel, John turned off the table light and fell asleep almost immediately. 

The next day at work John found his thoughts returning to the video from the night before. While he knew it had turned him on and prompted him to an intense orgasm, it also confused and somewhat frightened him. He had never really thought about being with another man. But the last year of isolation had had an effect on him. Looking back on all his relationships with women he found something lacking in all of them. Sex had been pleasurable in most cases, but it lacked the intensity of what he felt last night. He made the decision to further explore when he got home that evening.

After a quick dinner at home, John changed into loose fitting gym shorts. But before sitting down at his computer he also grabbed the bottle of lube from the bedroom. Seated at the computer, he returned to the website he had found last night and returned to the male massage section. Soon he found another video that brought out his curiosity. In this scene the man on the table was laying on his stomach while the masseur rubbed oil over his naked back and buttocks. Slowly the masseur worked his way down from the man's shoulders to his well rounded muscular ass. Parting the buttocks, the masseur gently stroked the man's anus, his fingers circling the tight ring to relax the pink orifice. Gradually the masseuse slowly pressed a finger into his client's body as the man on the table thrust his hips up to meet the intruding digit. Soon the masseur began a rhythmic in and out stroking while reaching under to massage the man's balls and cock.

Within minutes of the start of the video John had reached under his shorts and began to touch his rock hard cock. Pulling the shorts off, he leaned back in his chair and slicked up his hand with lube. When the masseur on the screen began the anal massage John's breathing quickened as he began sliding his hand over his cock.. He had been touched back there with a finger on a few occasions by women and had always found it very erotic, but he had been too afraid to ask for actual insertion. Seeing the client in the video thrust his hips back and accept penetration from the masseur's finger sent John over the edge. Imagining that it was himself on the table with a finger being slid in and out of his anus, John's rigid cock suddenly erupted with a fountain of semen even greater than the night before. His orgasm had an intensity that completely took his breath away. Leaving his home office and padding off to the bathroom, he took a long hot shower and thought about what had just occurred for the second night in a row. The feelings he was experiencing were powerful and raw. It was then that he decided he had to explore in real life what he had masturbated to in the videos the previous two evenings. The only question was how to go about finding what he was looking for. It was a quest he looked forward to with a sense of anticipation and nervousness. 

Eric Matthews sat in the office in front of his computer reading the latest applications for his bodywork services. His booming practice required him to sift through the applications since he no longer had the time to accept everyone. What he looked for in an applicant was very specific. After graduating with a degree in psychology followed by several years of bodywork training by top male teachers, Eric had quickly found his niche in the world of male massage. He had discovered that there was a substantial number of men, generally thirty or older, who after the end of a long term heterosexual relationship or marriage, began to have fantasies about being with another man. Many of the men had long-repressed gay or bi feelings that had been submerged and hidden with their female partners. Some were simply beginning to explore their sexual horizons now that they were free. With his background in psychology, Eric was able to help guide these men in their exploration while assuaging their fears and guilt over male sexual attraction. His expertise in relaxing and opening a formerly straight man up to this facet of physical pleasure had brought Eric a surplus of potential clients. 

One of the reasons Eric screened his clients so thoroughly was that the process of discovery was slow and painstaking. If a formerly straight client decided to go down this path, Eric was determined to make the journey as erotically intense as possible with a minimum of self doubt and guilt on the client's part. For a man to allow himself to open up, Eric had to conquer various psychological and physical barriers. On the psychological level it could easily be traumatizing to a client if he felt pressured or rushed into abandoning his former sexual psyche. On a physical level many straight men had phobias about anything to do with their backsides or touching another man's penis. It was through a combination of applied psychology and expert sexual techniques that Eric almost always got his clients to a place where they were totally comfortable with their sexuality. He took great pride in the fact that the men who came to him virtually always ended up happier and more sexually fulfilled after their treatment was completed.

Eric scanned through the applications quickly before one grabbed his attention. John Jennings, age 33, sexual orientation "straight". Each applicant was required to submit a picture and sexual profile. The face Eric saw was striking. Dark haired with distinctively masculine features, John Jennings looked like everyone woman's dream hetero male. Eric chuckled at his sexual identification as "straight" on the application. Anyone applying on Eric's website clearly knew that he provided gay services. The fact that John identified as "straight" told Eric volumes. John was obviously in the early stages of thought about his sexual interaction with another man and still perceived himself as almost completely straight. Eric knew it would take all his skills to bring John down the path to discovering his true sexuality. Clicking on the accept button, Eric sent an email back to John setting a time for the appointment at his studio.

John was at home when the email came through. He had found Eric through an internet search of male bodywork practitioners in the local area. Eric's website listed male bodywork and erotic massage as some of the services provided. The picture of Eric on the website was not what he expected for a male masseuse. Obviously good looking, Eric had the face of a masculine California surfer guy with a lean muscular body and blond hair. John found it a bit odd that Eric had a real application process. He shrugged it off thinking that the guy was just being a bit picky about his clients. The email gave John an address and time for the appointment. It also advised that he was to come freshly showered and devoid of any strong smelling cologne. But there was one requirement in the email that took John aback. Eric required that a new client shave their genital and anal area. They could keep an area of well trimmed pubic hair above the penis but that was all that was permitted. The scrotum and anal areas were to be hair free. John imagined his balls and anal area smooth and hair free and was immediately aroused by the thought. Obviously Eric knew exactly what he was doing thought John. The appointment was in two days in the early evening and John quivered in anticipation for the meeting. 

John arrived at the studio at the appointed time. He had freshly showered and shaved according to Eric's instructions and was in a state of both high nervousness and anticipation when he went through the studio's door. A cute young receptionist ushered him in and took him back to one of the massage rooms. Without fanfare she instructed him to remove all his clothing and lay down on his stomach on the massage table. He was given a small towel to cover himself and the receptionist turned out the lights and lit a small candle. Soothing ambient sounds of the ocean played in the background over speakers in the room. Gradually some of the tension in his body faded and he entered an almost tranquil state.

Eric staged a first encounter with great thought. The client was generally in a high state of fear and tension on their first appointment. His goal was to take the apprehension down to a manageable level. John was a classic case. While John was seeking out an exploration of his sexuality, he was still very tied to his old self. Eric had to gradually relax John to the point where he could begin to accept pleasure from another man. The wait in the treatment room with soft lighting and soothing sounds while lying almost naked was the first step.

John heard the door open quietly. "Hello John" the voice said seductively. Eric looked at the gorgeous man lying on his table and walked over to the near naked figure. John, who had been in a state of almost complete relaxation tensed at the sound of Eric's voice. Eric gazed at the man's body with admiration. Slim but muscular, John had a beautiful back that tapered down to a firm rounded backside. Put simply, this was the most attractive client Eric had yet encountered.

John laid on the table apprehensively. His mind was conflicted between the erotic potential of being sexual pleasured by another man and the fear that in the process he would be changed forever. He knew that he could just get up off the table and leave now. Nothing had happened yet and he could just go on with his life as it was. But a stronger voice in his head told him that if he stayed a different and better future was in store for him. Now with Eric in the room a decision had to be made.

He would stay.