 John turned partially on his side when Eric introduced himself. When he looked up at Eric he realized that the picture on Eric's website didn't really do the man complete justice. Eric was dressed in a form fitting t-shirt and a pair of silk Japanese pants similar in style to those worn by martial artists. Outlined in the thin material of Eric's pants John could just discern the outline of the man's penis. But what really struck John was not just Eric's obvious good looks but the warmth of the masseur's blue eyes. They spoke of softness and compassion. John immediately felt more comfortable. Between the gaze of Eric's eyes and the soft tone of his voice, John felt the apprehension draining from his mind.

"Go ahead and lay back down and place your head on the pillow" instructed Eric. The massage table that they were using had been especially built according to Eric's specifications. It had several warming drawer built into it. One drawer contained various oils and lubricants. Another drawer housed an array of toys almost all of which were devoted to anal stimulation and penetration. The toys graduated in size from very small all the way up that of a large penis. Most of Eric's clients harbored a secret desire for anal penetration. Because they were coming from heterosexual relationships where they were the dominant participant in sex, the clients seemed to seek out the role of receiver when having sex with another man. Eric's special expertise was in slowly opening a man up so that anal play and penetration was both painless and highly pleasurable. The first encounter with the erotic intensity of anal and prostate stimulation was something that Eric's clients never forgot. 

Eric had re-read John's application shortly before the appointment. Under "Past Sexual History" there was nothing that overtly suggested a hidden attraction to men. But from prior experience and his training in sexual psychology Eric knew that there was more to the story. Something had brought John to him and it was his job to peel back the layers and find the underlying desire. He would have to be careful not to scare John in the process. The realization of their hidden attraction to men could be quite traumatic for a client who had always thought of themselves as completely straight in their sexual orientation.

Eric removed a container of oil from the warming drawer in the side of the massage table. Uncapping it, he poured a rivulet down John's spine from the base of his neck to the small of his back. He also poured a generous amount in to the palm of his free hand. Setting the oil aside, Eric began to spread the oil over John's back. His touch was not that of a typical therapeutic masseur using significant pressure to the muscles, but rather that of a sensuous lover. The strokes of his hands on John's back were soothing and erotic as he alternated between using the flat of his palms and soft caresses with his fingertips. As his hands reached the small of John's back he went a few inches lower, pushing back the towel covering John's buttocks a bit in order to reach that sensitive area. Eric felt John tense a bit at the partial uncovering and then relax as his fingers kneaded the soft flesh there. Spreading his hands out, Eric ran his fingers slowly up John's flanks and back down to his hip bones. He could hear John's breathing increase as the pleasure of another man's touch took over.

Softly Eric spoke: "John, something brought you here today and before we go any further I would like you to tell me what it was if you can. It will help me to understand you better if we can share that."

The question woke John from the state of bliss he was feeling at the moment. Within minutes of the first touch, Eric's hands had sent him into a deep state of erotic relaxation. The wonderful hands had now stopped while Eric's question hung in the air awaiting an answer. The urge to repress telling Eric about the video's and his subsequent masturbation was overwhelmed by the desire to have Eric's hands continue their ministrations. Haltingly, John told Eric about finding the video's and his physical response to watching them.

Eric listened as John spoke. He knew there was more behind John seeking him out than just the recent video incidents. But Eric also knew that just getting John to open up and tell him about that was enough for now. The sharing of that story alone began the trust building process between them. Between them alone.

Opening the bottle of oil again, Eric coated he back of John's legs. Working his way up from his calves to the bottom of hips. Arriving at the crease where the thighs met the cheeks, Eric ran his thumbs from the inside to the outside in a spreading motion. As he did so, Eric felt John's thighs relax and spread slightly. Taking the cue, Eric placed both hands on John's nearest thigh midpoint between knee and hip. Ever so gradually he ran hands gently upward, applying more pressure with the hand on the inside of John's thigh. This time the reaction was more obvious as John parted his legs more. Eric repeated the process on the other leg. Now John's legs were apart enough that Eric could clearly see the underside of the man's smoothly shaven testicles. 

Eric moved his fingers in small circles on the inside of John's thigh, his knuckles a fraction of an inch from grazing the tight sac encasing John's balls. Sliding his hands upward under the towel and he raked his fingers over the tight globes of John's ass. Flicking the towel aside, Eric took in the sight of the beautiful exposed bottom in front of him. Reaching again for the oil, Eric drizzled it over John's backside. He watched as the liquid ran down into the crack and slowly worked its way over the perineum and onto the twin orbs between the prone man's legs.

John lay quietly on the table, his body drinking in the sensations he was feeling. His cock was now fully erect as he felt Eric spread the oil over his backside. His butt cheeks were being gently stroked and occasionally pulled apart, exposing his anus to Eric's view. A thumb ran slowly down his crack and lightly slid across down his tight star, sending a shiver through his body. Again and again he felt the finger slide down, each stroke slightly more insistent as the thumb passed over his back entrance. His mind was rapidly shutting down to all conscious thought in order to focus solely on the erotic signals his body fired to his brain . The scene from second massage video played in a deep recess of his mind, however now he was a part of it. 

Eric knew that John was completely giving himself over to the experience. The man's hips were gently lifting up as Eric's thumb grazed over his anus. Eric took his free hand and spread open the cheeks thus full exposing John's pink opening. Eric began a slow circling massage of the tight outer ring. He knew from experience that a virginal hole needed gradual teasing before any penetrative action could take place. A man's first experience with receptive anal sex of any form had to be built up in slow stages. This was especially so with Eric's clients who usually had no prior experience in this realm before coming to him.

As his thumb circled John's anal ring Eric began to alternate that motion with a stronger inward pressure directly on the opening. As his thumb increased the pressure on the anal opening, Eric could feel the tip of his digit begin to slip past the outer ring it began to open up. In addition, John's hips began thrust upward slightly to meet the intruding finger. Noting the reaction, Eric pressed a bit deeper and began to lightly tease John's balls with the tips of his other fingers. A soft moan escaped from John as his pleasure continued to build. Eric slowed his movements and then halted so he could use his hands to retrieve the items he would need for the next phase. John slumped a little as the stimulation to his body was temporarily removed.

Eric slid open another of the warming drawers and picked out three items. The first was a small blue silicon anal plug. This plug was about four inches long and gradually tapered up to the size of a finger before narrowing a bit to the round base. With its small tip and girth, Eric had found it to be the perfect fit for a client's initial insertion. The other two items were a thin surgical glove and a bottle of thick gel lube. While the massage oil had been fine up to this point, further penetration would require a more substantial and longer lasting lubricant. The glove would provide a smooth covering for his finger and ease digital penetration. Picking up the plug, Eric pumped a sizable dollop onto his fingertips and coated the small probe with a thick layer of lube.

John was slightly startled when Eric stopped his massage. He heard Eric's movement's but could not see what he was doing. The he felt Eric's place his hand firmly on the small of his back as if to settle him for what was to come next. Eric leaned over so he was close to John's ear and whispered "You are ready for the next part. I will go very slowly so you only experience pleasure. Just relax and accept what you are receiving." The hand on John's lower back released its pressure and slid down his backside. Reaching the area of his opening, John felt Eris'c fingers part his buttocks and expose his anus. He felt a warm slickness back there as a finger coated his opening with the warm lubricant, slipping in slightly to also coat the inside of his outer ring. 

Removing his finger, Eric picked up the plug and rested the tip against John's opening. With agonizing slowness he began to gently push inward. Eric instructed John to push out a bit in order to relax his anus. Complying with the request, John felt himself opening as the probe entered him. Now that he was experiencing his first penetration, John knew why he had sought Eric out. This was a feeling that his body had unknowingly craved and was missing from his prior sex life. He was always the one who was dominant and in control in past sexual encounters with women. But now as the plug slid into him his role as a passive recipient changed the sexual dynamic. Now he was the receiver of pleasure. As the plug went deeper he felt his inner and outer rings close slightly as the narrower base of the plug slipped inside and seated.

Eric released the plug once it was firmly in place and picked up the bottle of oil. Cupping his hand to hold the oil Eric poured a small puddle into his palm. Reaching between John's spread legs Eric cupped the man's balls and spread the oil over them while alternately stroking and gently squeezing the smooth twin glands. Eric extended two oily fingers of his massaging hand, reaching further under John to run them along the bottom of his hard shaft. John sucked in his breath as he felt Eric tease his insanely hard cock. Eric glided his fingers along the shaft of John's organ, feeling it pulse against his fingertips. Eric was arousing the man to the point that sex blocked out all other rational thought. Any aversion John might have had to feeling a man's touch was gone. The only thing he wanted at this point was more of what Eric was giving to him.

Eric leaned down to John's ear and quietly said "turn over and scoot down the table." As John rolled over he could see Eric near his feet, making adjustments to the table. The table had been custom built with foot extensions so a client could rest themselves in a position where both the anal and genital areas were totally exposed. John turned over and slid down the table. Eric adjusted the footrests and placed John's heels into the soft padding. John was now totally exposed with the plug still in his ass and his erect penis jutting upward awaiting Eric's touch. 

Standing between John's outstretched legs Eric anointed his client's cock and balls with more oil. His fingertips slid up and down John's hard dick. Eric was a master at edging a cock. He knew exactly how to extract maximum pleasure while holding off ejaculation. Gazing down. Eric admired the beauty of John's hard member. The circumcised head glistened with the sheen of the oil Eric had applied. Eric picked up the surgical glove and slid it over his left hand. John heard the snap as the elastic glove was pulled over Eric's wrist. It was a sound he recognized from when he had his last physical when the doctor had performed a prostate examination. John shivered in anticipation of what would come next.

Eric lubed up his gloved middle finger with the gel and then reached down to remove the plug from John's rectum. As the plug was withdrawn Eric saw the small gape in John's anus and sensing that his client was fully ready he slid his lubricated finger deep into the opening. Eric felt no resistance to the digital entry. Curling his finger upward, Eric felt the smooth lump of John's prostate. Withdrawing his finger several inches, Eric gently grazed the length of the swollen gland eliciting a low moan from John. Eric then slid his finger back in and began to slowly fuck John's ass and massage his prostate. With his free hand Eric gripped John's erection and stroked it in rhythm with the finger pumping into John's rear passage.

John was awash with pleasure. His pelvis began to involuntary thrust against Eric's stroking hand and probing finger. He was now living the scene from the video he had watched days earlier. As he thrust his hips upward to slide his cock through Eric's hand he felt the finger inside him increase its pressure on his internal gland. His whole body was now on fire as it built to orgasm.

Sensing John's impending orgasm, Eric made a decision. Usually numerous sessions with a client preceded what Eric was going to do next. As John's hips thrust upward Eric lowered his head and allowed the glans of John's cock to slide past his lips and enter his mouth. As his hand continued to pump the hard penis, Eric's mouth circled and massaged the smooth velvety head. John's hips stop thrusting momentarily felt the new sensation of the mouth that encased his rigid organ. Slowly his hips began to move again as Eric's mouth laved the head of his cock.

The addition of Eric's oral stimulation rapidly sent John over the edge. His back arched and he let out a loud gasp. The orgasm started deep within his body. His anus contracted rhythmically around Eric's finger as the jets of hot semen shot into the masseur's sucking mouth. The expert prostate massage had caused the gland to produce an extraordinary amount of male liquid. Eric was both surprised and pleased by the volume as he swallowed shot after shot of John's sperm. He knew instinctively that his client had never had an orgasm of this length and intensity.

As the orgasm subsided Eric let John's softening cock slip from his mouth and withdrew his finger from its internal lodging. He moved up toward the head of the table while running a hand over John's flat abs and smooth chest. John opened his eyes to see Eric standing over him and looking down with a small satisfied smile. Glancing lower John could see the outline of a large firm erection under the thin cloth of Eric's pants. Without think he reached out and ran his hand over the covered organ and felt it twitch in response.

Eric moved back a step, just out of reach from John's wandering hand. Looking into John's eyes Eric spoke to his spent client: "I think today was enough for a first session. You should have something to look forward to at out next appointment. I will book you for two hours next Thursday at 3:00" Eric then gave John's shoulder a friendly squeeze before he turned and left the room.

John gradually worked his way off the table and back into his clothes. One thing was for certain. It would be a long wait until the appointment next Thursday.