 I found him in the classifieds, this was in the late 90's, long before internet and the kind information I was looking for was hard to come by for a naive but sexually charged 22 year. I was so nervous, I almost didn't get to the door. Once inside his townhouse he told me about his massage therapy rates, there were 3 styles of massages he offered and the third was a "Swedish Sensual" style, which was the most expensive but really only something like $20 more than the deep tissue massage. I was way too nervous to seriously consider taking him up on a sensual massage even though that's what I so desperately wanted so we went through the motions of a deep tissues massage. He told me the price and I paid cash of course.

He was in good shape, 5'10 maybe, tanned with brown hair, late forties-ish and was wearing a t-shirt with red volleyball shorts and bare feet. 

I was 22 years old, pretty sure I was straight. I had never experienced a sexual encounter with another man but I couldn't stand it anymore, I was so horny for cock, just the word excited me. I had checked out gay porn but I just wasn't into it, it was always so cheesy and I couldn't see myself making love or fucking a man. I was really into bi-sexual porn and it seemed so long as a girl was involved I could relish the man to man love. After years of frustration, I had to check out the real thing but I didn't know where or how to start. I as so naive on the ways of the world. I wasn't gay and I had no interest in men for any kind of relationship, I was still very into chicks but I couldn't shake the thought of cocks and balls, it was becoming an unstoppable obsession. I had to see a cock in the flesh. I wasn't into men, I was into cock, I wanted to see and touch balls.

Next thing I knew I was face down on the massage table. He was making light conversation while giving me a proper rub down, this guy was legit on his therapy and told me he'd been doing this for many years. He had worked at a reputable massage therapy clinic but there was no money to be made by not being the owner so he moved his business to his house as there was no overhead, his own hours and no boss.

His hands were powerful but so soft and he squeezed me deep and intense. I loved it, he worked my neck, back and gave me tingles on my arms before he moved down to my legs. As he was rubbing my legs his strong hands would glance on the bottom of my cheeks on each pass just under the towel that was covering my mid-section.

He was working me like pro. I began to wonder about the "Swedish" massage, I mean it had to be what I thought it would be, didn't it? As he continued to touch me my cock hardened under me laying on my stomach and I couldn't stand it. I sheepishly asked about the details of the "Swedish" massage, still being nervous that I might be asking for something illegal and what if he was a cop or some shit? He smiled and said 

"I'm surprised you are inquiring now, you seemed pretty determined to stick with the deep tissue massage, it's a full rub down like this but more sensual"

He told me the Swedish style was something he did only for a few clients and only by request. He gave me no others details on what that entailed. I asked him if we could do that and with a calm smile and an assuring tone he said he'd do it. He delicately yet with purpose began to massage my ass, pressing deep, underneath the towel. I had never had anyone touch my bare bum before and it felt wonderful. I was trying hard and I imagine very non-discreetly to subtly shift myself to widen my thighs apart, desperate for him to move his hands further. 

Each time he pushed upwards his fingers would gradually go a little higher between my thighs and graze my under side. After about the 5th one his knuckles made contact with my balls and I was ready to burst my nut right there. My mind was playing tricks with me, I mean what if the Swedish style wasn't what I was hoping it was. He had to know he had touched my balls didn't he? Shit, maybe he didn't and this was just part of the quote "sensual" massage.

He asked me to turn over. I froze, I was hard as rock and laying on my front had protected me from exposing my desires and fantasies by way of my hard cock. I mean what if these fantasies for cock and balls were only that, just fantasies? I carefully turned over under the towel, which must have looked ridiculous as I tried to hide my hard on, it was dead obvious under the white towel, my dick was sticking straight up towards my stomach. 

He moved to the top of the massage table and began rubbing my shoulders and chest, running his hands over my nipples and in a swiping motion was rubbing me all over, another new experience for me and holy shit was this awesome or what? 

With a little more small talk he then asked me if I had ever had a Swedish massage before, I told him in one word, "no."

He moved to the front of my legs and began running his hands all the way under the towel and again but the 3rd or 4th pass he grazed my testicles ever so gently. He must have sensed my tension as he continued doing it until he simple lifted the towel from me. He smiled while starring at my cock on display. I was totally embarrassed. In the same motion he dropped the towel to the floor and grasped my cock with one hand. Oh... man it felt so fucking good.

"This is just part of a sensual massage, there are many erogenous zones on the body."

He was holding my cock upright with one hand and as he applied some warm massage oil directly onto my dick and dribbled some onto my balls. 

"I see you have shaved yourself neatly." 

As he placed his hand on my cock and the other on my aching balls. He began slowly stroking my cock from the base to the head in one smooth continuous motion. His hand was so soft and he palmed the head of my cock each time he passed over it. My cock was slippery in his hand and he was delicate with it, almost teasing it as opposed to a hard stroking motion. I wiggled a little trying to stop his awesome rubbing as I was worried I'd cum imminently from all the build-up and tension from the situation.

"Do you like it?"

"Y...Y...Ye...Yes" I could barley speak.

He asked me if I'd ever had a massage on my cock. He used to word "cock" which was exactly what I wanted to hear. 

I told him how nervous I was, that I had never had a man touch me before, that I nearly chickened out and that I was straight, he need to know I was straight.

He chuckled quietly while he stroked my cock and rubbed my balls in circular motion stirring the cum building inside me. His tone was calm and he explained that it didn't matter that he was a man, touching me, it was simply a pleasure to have a sensual massage because it felt good, no matter who was doing it, straight or not, man or women.

He had a point.

I asked him if he was gay?

He explained that he was neither straight or gay, he liked to pleasure men and women and that titles were restrictive and what did it matter anyway if it felt good? 

I liked his explanation. 

I was feeling more confident now that he had me totally relaxed. I asked him if the sensual massage could include an oral massage. He politely declined explaining that crossed over his boundaries of massage and into prostitution and that was whole different thing.

Although I was disappointed, I understood his position. 

He smiled at me with my cock in his hand. I like to touch old men and healthy young men like yourself," sometimes younger with a wink.

"As part of my sensual massage, sometimes young men like to massage me and I like when young men touch me in my erotic zones, like how I'm touching you."

Made sense to me. I told him I had never seen cock in real life.

"Would you like to see my cock young man?"

I gulped. (inside my head I was ready to jump off the table and do cart wheels and set off fire-works, fuck yes, I want to see his cock, holy shit, I want to see his manhood, so fucking bad)

"okay" was the word that barely escaped out of my mouth and I think my voice cracked.

He pulled his t-shirt over his head and simply slipped down his shorts and stepped out of them and he was completely naked. His whole body was shaved and he stood next the massage table with his flaccid cock hanging, for me to examine. It was a beautiful cock.

I was memorized by it. It was perfect, just the right size, not massive but meaty and his balls hung nicely, smooth and shiny.

"Would you like to touch it, it won't bite," he said with a smile.

I tentatively reached out my hand and touched his cock. As I touched him he began to tell me about the first time he touched a cock, it was the quarter back of the football team, in fact he blew him in a car and the fellow came in his mouth. He told me how much he liked the spongy head and how he liked to watch them get hard in his hand.

"Oh you are doing such a good job young man, for your first time" as he tussled my hair and grinned at me.

I felt proud that this much, much older man was praising me for my first man to man cock hand service I was providing him and I wanted to please him. 

He moved to top of the bed again behind my head and leaned way over me and began tweaking my nipples again rubbing my chest. His cock was dangling freely by my ear and I could see it as I tilted my head back. He gently rotated as he continued his playful rubbing of my nips and neck area. He leaned further over me again and reached for my cock and his own cock was against my cheeks and I could smell his balls, only inches from my mouth.

"Would you like to ty it young man?"

"Try it?"

He smiled standing over me, "would you like to taste my cock, you said you had never even seen one so I was wondering if you'd like the opportunity."

"but I thought you didn't do, you know uh, um blow jobs."

He smiled at me and very calmly replied.

"I don't perform oral massages but I have nothing against receiving it."

I was a bit confused as this was not really what I was counting on today with my sensual massage. I had wanted to see a cock for the first time, I had touched one and now a cock was being offered for sucking!

I opened my mouth to tell him that maybe next time we visited, if there was a next time, perhaps, after some careful consideration, I could contemplate his offer?

As I opened my lips to say these words he simply turned his hips 45 degrees and his perfect cock was at my lips. I instinctively opened my mouth and he delicately worked his droopy cock into my virgin mouth. He gently moved back and forth ever so lightly with his hips.

He withdrew his prick and asked me to touch him. I did. I reached out and gripped his spongy head and just like he said, it began to grow and just like he said, I was memorised by the blood rushing into his member and suddenly, it began to become hard in my hand.

"Oh look, isn't it beautiful to see it grow?" I only nodded but couldn't speak.

His cock was hard in a few seconds and he pushed it towards my mouth catching the side of my mouth just barely but I shifted my head to ensure the hard cock was able to slip into my mouth in full. He began to slowly use my mouth like a pussy and pushed in and out.

"Oh you are a good little cock sucker aren't you? You've waited your whole life for this haven't you?"

I wasn't a cock sucker, I mean, what was he talking about? I was straight, we'd discussed this!

Except I realized as he was slipping his hard pole in and out of my open mouth, I was a cock sucker!! Holy shit I was a full on cock sucker, in fact a cock sucker cock lover and I wanted this so fucking bad. I wanted his balls on my face, I wanted to cradle his cock in my hands and service it daily. I wanted him to tea bag me, I wanted to lick his butt hole. I wanted to curl up with him and feel his sausage between my chubby ass cheeks, I wanted to know what a warm cum shot felt like, in my hands, on my face, on my balls, between my ass cheeks, maybe on a cookie, maybe in a coffee. Oh fuck yes I was as he repeatedly pushed his member into my watering mouth. I couldn't get enough of this man. 

Those experiences were going to have to wait as my first cum shot was going to be in my mouth, as he began gently pumping my face.

"Uh good boy, I'm going to cum and I would like you to take it all in okay?"

I just kept my mouth open waiting for the money shot as he gently fucked my face.

He pulled back just slightly careful not to gag me and he began to dump his seed into my mouth like he was inseminating a womb. The first shot when right to the back of my throat and freaked me out a little but I swallowed as best I could, a second shot followed with about the same velocity as the first and I had a glob of cum in the roof of my mouth. I closed my mouth around his head to try to keep the warm fluid from escaping.

"oh good boy, uhhh really good boy" 

I swallowed as fast as I could I'm sure looking awkward. Trying to not look like a fool as I was totally un-prepared for the velocity of his multiple cum blasts. 

A smaller third shot came out, with much less force and more of splurge into my mouth,. I could really get a sense for the viscosity of the cum and the taste it. His cream was very similar tasting to my own and I liked it. I swallowed it down. He touched my ear giving me tingles all over as he withdrew his cock from my mouth. He grabbed a towel and dabbed the sides of my mouth that had some little cum leakage and leftovers, fuck I wish I could have got some cum to take home with me but it was all in my tummy now. 

He smiled but said nothing. He simply went back to my aching cock and began stroking it, it was still slippery from the recent lubing he had given me. I reached out and cupped his balls with my palm feeling the softness and elasticity. 

As I could still taste the remnants of his delicious cum shot I realized that I was a proud cock sucker and it would change my sexual life forever. You never forgot you first pussy or your first cum shot. I was on the table watching is soft cock and he stroked me. I kept swallowing and he smiled as looked my directly in the eyes. 

He began telling him what a nice cock I had and how he liked chubby young men like me and that my inexperience was all the more exciting for him. He squeezed my nut sack for a moment and palmed the head of my cock.

"Oh fuck" I groaned as I shot off a like a fucking rocket launcher and he made one last long stroke from his expert hand on my shaft.

My first cum blast nailed me in the chin and neck and the second went onto my chest hair. I ejaculated what felt like a months worth of cum onto myself.

"Oh good shot young man" he kept saying over and over.

"Oh what a good shot, such a big boy"

He grabbed the towel again a very gently dabbed the cum on my chin and the bit of semen that had run onto my neck. He dabbed the towel and rubbed it into my chest in a circular motion mixing my cum with the massage oil. As I sat up he gave me a great big hug and whispered into my ear, what nice young man I was and hoped we could do this again?

He asked if I'd like to shower but I was not ready to leave my wallet unattended so I quickly dressed. As I was about to leave he reminded me I had to square up the cost of my Swedish massage. 

"Fuck me," I just realized I was paying him and I was the cock sucker instead of the reverse and shit it wasn't so much as a blow job as it was a gentle face fucking. He gave me another hug and squeezed my ass and told me he had a friend who liked young men too and if I was interested in coming back, they would be happy to share a massage at a reduced rate.