 I am a straight guy that has always had a curiosity in men but never did much about it other than go get blown at a video arcade.

Well money was short so I responded to a "Help wanted" ad in the local paper. The job was for a male masseuse. I knew what this really meant though. You show up at some guys place, rub their back a little & get them off whichever way they need. Simple as that. I knew I could do it for the money and it wouldn't be a long term thing. So I called the number.

The man that answered the phone asked if I had any experience and I told him I didn't but, how hard could it be? He asked if I would be willing to give a "Trial massage" to see if I could work for him. I told him that was fine so we set up a time for the following day.

I arrived at his apartment and he had a massage table set up in the living room already. He wasn't a great looking guy but, I figured none of them would be. So he said we should get right to it and took his clothes off and laid on his stomach. I said to myself, "Well it's do or die now. You know what you have to do."

I took some baby oil and rubbed it on my palms and then I began to rub his shoulders and back. This went on for about five minutes and he spread his legs apart just enough for me to get my hands deep between his thighs. He pushed his ass in the air just a little and I knew what he wanted.

I ran my hands over his ass and slowly worked them to the back of his balls. He then spread a little more and I began to rub his hardening cock. He then rolled over to expose his now rigid hard cock to me. He put his head back and closed his eyes as I stroked his cock up & down with my hand.

He said to me, "So far you are doing fine. How bad do you want this job though?" I took the hint and lowered my head to his hard cock. I licked the tip of his cock which was about 7". He smiled with his eyes closed and I lowered my head onto his cock. This wasn't all that bad I thought.

I was actually getting into this now. I began to suck, stroke and lick this nice cock. My hand held the base and stroked in unison with my mouth. Giving a blow job was kind of fun and it did something for me to know I could provide someone that kind of pleasure.

So I continued to work on his beautiful cock as he held the back of my head. I sucked eagerly on his cock for nearly ten minutes when he suddenly sat up to ask me, "Ok you have proven you can suck a guys cock but, if you want to make any money in this job, are you willing to do whatever it takes to make the customer happy?"

I thought about it for a minute and said, "Sure, what would you like me to do?" He said, Strip and lay back on the table." So I took my clothes off and did as he said. By now my cock was getting harder as I knew what was about to happen.

He arranged me so my ass was right at the edge of the table and my legs hung awkwardly off the edge. He said to me, "Here let me give your legs a place to rest." So he took my by the ankles and placed my legs onto his shoulders and moved closer to me.

He took my hard cock into his hand and fondled it for a minute and said to me, "Just remember that I will be your boss and it's my responsibility to make sure you know your job." He reached for some lube while I slowly stroked my own cock while laying on my back with my legs in the air on his shoulders.

He greased up my ass and slid a finger into my ass. He must have been pleased with how tight I was based on the grin he had on his face. Next he moved next to me and into position to penetrate my ass.

I felt the head of his cock push at my ass and I asked him if he was going to put a condom on? "You need to make sure the customers all use condoms but I am your boss and I won't be using one." I have to admit that it kind of turned me on.

Next he pushed forward and I felt the head slide inside me. He stopped there to let my ass adjust to the slight pain I felt. He then said, "You like that don't you? Well get used to it because you will be getting weekly training from me so I know you can handle the job."

He leaned forward and slid all 7" of his hard cock inside me. The feeling was incredible and I stroked my cock harder. He began to thrust in and out of me and I was liking the feeling. I also liked the feeling of being dominated by him as an employee.

He grabbed my ankles and spread my legs apart and his slow thrusts turned into hard pounding in my ass. He said to me, "I am going to fill your little hole up with my cum and you are going to love it right bitch?" All I could do was nod and pound my own cock.

I felt him squeeze my ankles and pound into my ass harder and finally he winced and grunted and rammed his cock deep inside and I felt a warm gush of his cum lubricate my bowels. Right then my own orgasm hit and I shot a rope of cum up onto my chest and stomach.

After waiting a few seconds he pulled his softening cock from my fucked asshole and I could feel his cum seep out and down the crack of my ass. I loved it and I was very satisfied by my own orgasm as well.

As he toweled himself off he said, "Ok, you got the job. Just call in every day and get your appointments and check in when you are done. From now on you will need to show up here on Fridays for more training. You did alright today but next week you will be required to clean my cock with your mouth after I fuck you. You have a problem with that bitch?"

He knew I didn't and I was looking forward to making a buck or two and getting more training.