 Note: This is the first story I have submitted to Literotica. It is fantasy and did not really happen (although I wish it did). I am really interested in getting feedback on this story. Thanks.

*****

We just got back from our annual vacation to Mexico. Great week of fun and sun, with lots of golf. This trip was extra special as I was finally able to fulfill one of my biggest sexual fantasies. More on that later.

As background, my wife Marcia and I have been going to Mexico every summer for the past few years with our close friends Ron and Carla. We always stay at our luxury time share resort and we usually get a two-bedroom villa to share.

Upon check-in, we were unexpectedly upgraded to a unique unit that had a special massage room within. This room was complete with a deluxe massage table and all the accessories needed for a great massage. That room would really come in handy during the stay.

Each trip, we try to play four rounds of golf during the stay. On the third round, Ron took an extra big swing on a long par three and immediately he winced. Evidently, he pulled a back muscle with this strong swing. He finished the round but was obviously in a lot of pain. That night, Ron loaded up on painkillers and tequila hoping he would be able to play the final round the next day.

The following morning, it was obvious there was no improvement, so he told the three of us he would pass on golf. Not wanting to leave him by himself, I told Marcia and Carla they should go play while I kept Ron company. I figured we could load up on margaritas and hopefully that would alleviate Ron's pain. After about an hour of no improvement, Ron told me he could really use a massage.

The resort had an on-premise spa and I told Ron I would call and see if they could squeeze him in. As I went to call the spa, an idea came to mind. I thought this might be an opportunity for me to explore one of my biggest fantasies. I made believe I was calling the spa and had an imaginary conversation with a dead phone line. Hanging up, I told Ron they were fully booked. However, I told him there was an alternative.

I explained that Marcia always was very satisfied with the stress relief massages I gave her. I told Ron I would be more than happy to try and relieve his pain. At this point, Ron was willing to try anything to alleviate his back pain and agreed. I told him to go take a hot shower and then come to our massage room where I would be ready to work on him.

I got the room ready, putting on some soft music, dimming the lights and getting the accessories ready. At that point, he came into the room with a towel around him. He dropped the towel before attempting to get on the table and to my dismay, he was wearing a pair of briefs. I told him nobody wears underwear to a massage as it gets in way of the hand movements.

I could see he was thinking about what to do so I offered a solution. Not being shy about being naked, I asked Ron if he would be more comfortable if I was also nude. He thought about it for a short moment and then responded positively. While facing him, I quickly pulled off my shirt and dropped my shorts.

I couldn't help but notice him glancing at my uncut soft dick. For information purposes, my dick is somewhat small. In a flaccid state my penis is only about 3 1/2 inches. Fully erect it grows to just over 5 inches. Not too much in terms of size but I must admit it really has a nice shape and look, especially with the foreskin smoothly covering the tip.

At this point, I asked Ron to remove his briefs and get on the table after which I would cover his back side with a towel. He turned away from me, dropped his drawers and scooted onto the table. The way he moved; I was not able to get a look at his penis. I would have to wait to see if he was cut or uncut and how big he was. I was certainly looking forward to finding out.

Ron placed his head in the circular cutout at the top of the table and got ready for his massage. His hands were at his sides. I folded the towel, so it provided coverage while still allowing me to have reasonable access to key areas. I asked him to show me where he hurt, and he told me around the shoulders.

I got around to the head of the table and started to massage his shoulders using the oil that the resort had provided. I could tell Ron was very pleased with what I was doing as he seemed to emit pleasurable sounds. Being at the head of the table, my cock was less than a foot away from his head. Occasionally I could see Ron slightly lifting his head in what I surmised was an attempt to see my cock. The thought got me a bit excited and I started to grow a bit and twitch. Hopefully, Ron had noticed this.

After working on the hurt area for some time, I explained to Ron that I would now give him body chops all over his back. I started at the top of his left side and slowly worked down his back stopping when I reached the top of the towel. At this point, my cock was near his stretched-out hand. I explained I was now going to do the right side and as I started to shift, I could fell Ron's hand graze my penis. Another promising sign.

After doing the same on the right side, I asked Ron how he liked it. He said it was great and asked me if I would do the same to his legs. I said sure and started the chopping process on the back of his right calf going right up to the knee. I did the same on the left side and then used massage oil to rub the calves. I next went to work on the thighs starting just above the knees and going right up to the bottom of the towel. By now it was just barely covering Ron's ass.

After the chops, I massaged the thigh areas this time going under the towel and rubbing all over his ass cheeks. As I touched each cheek, I could see Ron squirming and I knew he wanted more. I explained to Ron that I would now continue with a soft touch using talcum powder. I did his back and then both calf areas. I next attacked the thighs. This time I became a little bolder.

As I moved up the thighs, I made sure to graze my finger along his ass crack. I did this a few times and the response was very positive. I went a little further and then actually ran my finger along his asshole. Ron really enjoyed this and raised his hips up in response. Next, I moved a little bit further down and started brushing against his balls. I knew he was very excited when he raised his hips even higher.

The next step was designed to make him even more excited and it did just that. I reached under his balls and rubbed my hand further up against his cock. I could feel it was very hard. I repeated this motion a couple of times each time getting a more enthusiastic response. At that point, I asked him to turn over. It was time to fulfill my fantasy.

Ron flipped over onto his back. His face was fully flushed. His eyes appeared glazed. Most important his cock was sticking straight up, and did it look good. It was poking up in the air and appeared to be over 6 inches in length. Also, to my great satisfaction, his cock was cut giving me a great opportunity to see how an erect circumcised penis matched up to my uncut dick. It was great seeing a real man size dick!

One last massage movement before taking the final step. I leaned in close to his body and placed my forearm on his right thigh just above his knee. I then pushed up all the way to his groin right up to his balls. At this point, I felt Ron reach out and put his hand on my ass. He then began to caress it. Based on this, I knew the time was right to fulfill my fantasy.

I had always wanted to suck a cock all the way to orgasm. I really enjoy it when my wife gives me a blowjob and I love the feeling of coming in her mouth. I wanted to experience this feeling from the viewpoint of the person doing the cock sucking. I have shared this fantasy with Marcia, telling her what I wanted to do and that I wanted her to watch. She declined but told me if I wanted to give a guy a blow job, go ahead. I was finally on the verge of doing it.

I wanted to tease Ron a little more before the big finale. I softly ran my hands over his groin area. I caressed his balls, tickled the area underneath, ran my hands through his pubic hair and occasionally grazed his cock. I did all the things to him that I liked having Marcia do to me. Each time I made contact with his cock, Ron would shift his body more as if to say please, grab it already.

I finally accommodated him and put my right hand on his dick. I grabbed his cock at the base and gave it some nice soft strokes. I was not used to handling a cut cock and was surprised at how big and bulbous the head became. Ron's dick was definitely much bigger than mine. As if to signal me he wanted more, he slid his hand around and took hold of my semi erect dick.

This was the moment I was waiting for. I removed my hand, bent over and started licking his penis. I started at the base, went up to the top and then licked the tip of his cock. I backed away and then attacked his balls trying to get them both inside my mouth at one time. I then reverted to soft licks of his cock.

As if to say please go on, Ron started stroking my cock back and forth. it started growing to a more erect state, but my focus was on the prize which was Ron's cock in my mouth. I took the final step, opening wide and encasing his erect cock. I started gently with slow bobs of the head. I had a hard time getting it all in, so I focused on the top half of his big cock. Slowly but surely, I was going further and further down.

At this point, I decided the best thing to do was to get into a more comfortable position. Whenever Marcia and I have oral sex we would be in a spooning position side by side. This was the best way to assure I would come. Marcia would pull me in and caress my ass as she sucked on my dick. I thought this would also work great for Ron.

I took my mouth off his cock and looked at Ron's face. It was as if his eyes were asking why I stopped. I asked him to slide over and get on his side so I could do him better. He did so and I hopped on the table and we got into a sixty-nine position. He seemed a little uncomfortable with my dick near his face. I told him I didn't want him to reciprocate. I just wanted him to lie back and enjoy.

This position was much better for me. I was able to get much more of his cock into my mouth as I was able to grab hold of both his cheeks and pull him in closer. I bobbed up and down and by the motion of his hips I could tell Ron was really enjoying it. He must have liked it as suddenly his hand was once again on my cock, this time softly stroking it back and forth.

As I picked up the pace, so did he by increasing the speed of his jerking motion. This resulted in my foreskin being pulled completely back, fully exposing the head of my uncut cock. I also increased my pace and could feel the head of his cock getting bigger. I knew the climax was near. To bring him all the way, I drew him in even closer and stuck my finger in his ass. This did the trick as suddenly, I felt him start to release his cum.

He shot pulsating streams into my mouth. It was a very big load, but I wanted to savor. It. I swirled his cum around the inside of my mouth while keeping my lips wrapped around his cock. At the same time, Ron continued stroking my dick. With my goal achieved, I was able to relax. I quickly shot my load all over his hand and the massage table. I released his dick and tried to swallow all his cum. I couldn't get all of it and some dribbled out the side of my mouth.

Ron took his hand off my cock, which was still wet from my orgasm, and reached up and wiped the dribble. He asked me to open wide and put his fingers inside my mouth. I did so and then I proceeded to lick the cum cocktail which was a mixture of both of our orgasms. We looked at each other and smiled. I asked Ron how he felt. He said his back pain was significantly less but more importantly, the rest of the experience was unbelievable. He told me Carla doesn't do blow jobs anymore, so this was very special.

All that remained was to clean up. We tried to get the massage room back to the way it was. We changed the sheets and sprayed the room with air freshener. We didn't want our wives to smell the odor of male sex. We then got into the shower together and washed each other off completely. As a finishing touch, I knelt and took Ron's cock in my mouth one more time. I wanted to lick it completely clean.

We kicked back and made some more margaritas. At this point, Marcia and Carla returned from golf. We asked about their golf games and in return they asked what we did while they were gone. Not much, I replied. If only they knew. Next year I must to figure out a way to get them involved in the action. All in all, a fantastic day and a fantasy finally realized.