 It was about 3 o'clock on a Thursday afternoon, and everybody was winding down at work. Another long day inside a gray glass and steel skyscraper. My boss stopped by and looked at the paltry pile in my inbox and suggested I take the rest of the day off. Big deal, two extra hours. I had to wait for the train after 5 anyway. Two hours to kill. What to do? I wandered out into the street, slipped into a bookstore for a few minutes and then walked towards the train station. Then I remembered the massage parlor.

For years I had been going to the rub 'n tugs. I figured it wasn't really cheating, my wife wouldn't know the difference and I hadn't actually had sex. Usually I paid my fee and the girls massaged me and gave me a pretty good handjob but nothing more. Well, occasionally I'd massage their breasts through their flimsy t-shirts and would hold onto their asses as I climaxed, but nothing more. Yes, the parlor would be a good way to kill some time before my train came.

I walked into the parlour and Stacey, who had massaged me in the past, was at the front. "Hi!" she shouted and smiled. "Be with you in a minute," she said, pointing to the chairs and magazines. She locked the door and disappeared into the back for a few minutes. The doorbell rang and another guy came in. Then another guy. Stacey had her hands full at front. It didn't look as if they had a full staff, and why would they in the middle of the afternoon.

After a few minutes Stacey waived me down the hallway and followed me into a waiting massage room. I paid my fee then started taking off my clothes as she watched and smiled. Then the doorbell rang again. "Oh damn," she said. "I can't believe this. Just a sec." I finished taking off my clothes and lay down on my stomach on the gurney. I loved the feeling of my naked body on the soft cotton sheets, and looking down through the hole in the table, as I had so often before.

Stacey opened the door after a couple of minutes. "I'm sorry, John," she said. "It's just too busy and I can't get away from the front and none of the other girls are busy. I'm afraid it's going to be a long wait. I'm really sorry."

"It's okay," I said. "Too bad, I was really horny." I got up on my side. Stacey looked at my rockhard cock and frowned.

"Wait a minute," she said and came into the room and closed it behind her. "There is one option, but you might not like it."

"What is it?"

"Well, we do have one guy on staff who--"

"A guy? Forget it."

"Are you sure? He gives a good massage and could help you with this little--I mean big--problem," she said, her cold hand enveloping my veined member.

"I don't think so," I said. "I'm not gay."

"You would hardly know the difference. It's almost dark in here. I'll give you a free one next time if you try it out. He's not making much money except with some of the odd women who walk in here, and I mean odd."

I sighed. I'd never been with a guy or had really been interested. But I did want to get off. "Maybe he could massage me and then I'll take care of it myself," I said.

Stacey smiled. "Okay, good. Now lie back down." As I lay down she stroked my cock gently, but the doorbell rang and she scooted out.

I lay down on my stomach again. Well, this was weird. My cock shrivelled into its foreskin. I listened to the jazz music cooing out of the radio. My ass tensed at the thought of a guy touching me. My arms lay rigid at my sides. What the fuck was I thinking? I'd decided to stand up when the door opened and closed behind me. Then I saw a pair of sandalled feet through the hole in the table. "Hi there. I'm Ted. Stacey says you're pretty uncomfortable. If you don't want to do this, that's okay. I prefer women, too." He rubbed his hands over my shoulder blade and shoulder. It did feel like of good. Maybe a massage wouldn't be such a bad thing. It had been pretty tense at work lately.

"No, it's okay, Ted, go ahead, I can use a good massage."

"Good." I could hear him go to a side table and get out the oils. I could hear his hands coming together to heat up a sweet smelling oil that I knew would burn nicely on my back. "There," he said, rubbing his hands over my back and neck. "You are tense. Relax." He rubbed and kneaded and pressed at my back. I could feel my tension evaporating, though I still couldn't get past the thought of a guy rubbing me like this. My cock was still shrivelled.

Then he casually ran one of his hands down over my ass cheek and down my leg and back again, then returned to my lower back. I shivered slightly. I could feel my penis suddenly stiffening. Relax, I whispered to my cock. Easy boy.

Ted thumbed my lower back, edging slowly towards the crack of my ass. Every time he neared my crack I tensed slightly and his hands would slide up my back again. He edged down again, but this time he didn't go back up. His thumbs made it to the top of my crack. Then I could feel his thumb just inside my crack. My ass clenched naturally. I thought about ending this, but I was stirring down below. Perhaps after he'd gone, I really would whack off or go home and bang the wife. But I decided not to move.

He moved his hands over my ass cheeks, one on each, gently kneading. This didn't seem so odd, I'd seen guys at the gym having their asses kneaded by other guys. I started to relax. It did feel good. He massaged and pushed the flesh and pulled it apart. I could feel the cool air of the room at one point on my asshole as he pulled the cheeks wide apart. I started to get harder. Occasionally he would move back to my ass and I would raise my hips slightly towards his hand. One time he ran a finger quickly down the crack as he want back down my legs. I stiffened measurably. He worked on my legs for a while, then my feet. I was beginning to think he'd given up on my ass when he asked me to turn over. I hadn't really thought of what to do at this point. I expected he'd leave and then I'd whack off. But I was aroused and it was dark and no one knew I was here. Maybe something would happen and it wouldn't be so bad.

I rolled over and my cock was pointing at the ceiling. I could see Ted giving it a quick glance and a smile. He was a fit-looking young guy, about 28 years old. He was wearing a bathrobe, which I could see bulging gently at the middle.

He started with my face, rubbing his thumbs on my cheek and forehead, then my neck and chest. He skirted my nipples a few times before slowly running his thumbs across them. I never much liked having my nipples touched, but this didn't seem so bad. My cock was getting really hard now.

Then he started running his hands over my stomach, tickling me gently around my belly button. My cock danced with every touch. I'd decided I'd let him jack me off if it came to that. Couldn't be so bad. He ran his hands along my hips and down my legs, running his face close to my groin. Did he breathe softly on my cock? Or was that my imagination? I thought I felt hot breath. He went further down to my feet and ankles, then back up my legs. He had one hand on either side of my groin now, gently rubbing. I wanted his hand on my cock so bad. I opened my eyes and looked straight into his. He smiled.

"I guess that's it then," he said. "Stacey said you'd finish this part yourself."

"Um, wait, no," I stammered. "It's okay. I'm really horny. Please." I couldn't believe I was begging a guy to rub my cock.

"What would you like me to do for you then?" he said.

"Rub me, please. Rub my cock."

"Show me what you want," he said.

I reached down and took my swelled cock in my hand and started to stroke it. "Like this," I said. I put my hand back at my side, closed my eyes and waited.

His big hand closed over my hardened member. My breath quickened as he grabbed it in his hand and started to stroke slowly. God that felt good. I knew I wasn't going to last long. I wanted to enjoy this, though, and bit my lip. He stroked me harder. My breathing quickened. This was amazing, at least as good as Stacey.

I think he could tell that I was trying to hold back my orgasm and he slowed down, playing with the tip, running a finger down the fattened underbelly of my rockhard cock. "Oh god," I murmured. Then my cock felt hot and I realized that he had his lips upon me, his tongue on the head of my cock. "Oh god," I said again and weakly tried to push him away with my hands. He took me all the way into his mouth. I put my hands on his head, ready to pull him off, but I couldn't, it felt too fucking good. Oh god it felt good. He sucked me right down to the base and started playing with my balls. I opened my legs wide and pleaded in my head for him to touch my ass. He reached down, grabbed some oil -- or was it lube? -- and slid a sticky finger into my waiting asshole, not gently, not slowly, but quickly and hard. It hurt, but his mouth on my cock felt so good. He started to fingerfuck me slowly as he sucked me. "Oh fuck," I moaned. I envisioned his cock inside me. I'd never thought of anything like that before, but with his finger inside me and his mouth on my cock, I couldn't stop thinking about it.

"You want my cock in your ass, don't you?" he said and smiled.

"Oh yes," I whispered unsteadily. "Yes."

"Not yet," he said, taking his finger out of my ass. He stood up and walked over beside me and waited. I wasn't sure what he wanted. Wasn't he going to suck me off or fuck me? Then I noticed the growing bulge under his robe. I got it. I undid the sash at his waist and his robe fell free, revealing a cock that must have been seven inches long and twice as thick as mine. I put my hand on it and stroked it a little. I didn't know what the fuck I was doing. He moved closer to me and dangled it in my face. I opened my lips to say something and he slid it past my lips. It was not what I had expected -- not as hard, more spongy, and it didn't taste bad, kind of musky. I kind of enjoyed the taste. He put his hands on the back of my head and eased himself towards the back of my throat. I almost choked but held on. I wanted to taste it some more, so I pulled it out and licked the head and ran it over my cheek. He grabbed me by the back of the head again and muscled his way back into my mouth. "Suck that fucking cock," he said under his breath. "Suck it." I complied, running it over my tongue, gently over my teeth. He stroked me a little as I sucked it. God this was good. I reached around him and cupped his ass in my hands and took a little more control. I ran my lips on the underside of his cock, then took his balls in my mouth. He spread his legs a little. I reached underneath and found his waiting asshole and played with his opening with my index finger. I pushed in slightly without any lube. He grunted, in pain, I expected, but I took his cock in my mouth again and pushed my finger in a little further. His cock was getting harder and his breathing faster. I could sense he was going to cum fairly soon. I took his cock out of my mouth.

"I was going to cum," he said.

"I know," I smiled. "But you said you'd fuck my ass."

He grinned. "On your stomach," he said. It was hard to lie flat with my swollen timber stuck to my belly, but I made it work. He scrambled around for more oil and slapped some on my ass. Then he eased a finger inside, then two. "Do you like that?"

"Yes. Yes."

The springs of the gurney squealed as he joined me on top of it. He pushed my thighs apart and then I could feel him toying with me, rubbing his cock up and down my crack. Then the tip found my hole and he pressed it gently inside me. "I know it's your first time," he said. "I'll be gentle." Gentle? It fucking hurt! "Easy, don't clench. Back up on my cock slowly." I relaxed my ass muscles and he slid in further. All my instincts told me to push him out, but the more I struggled with it, the further he made his way in until most of his cock must have been inside. I relaxed a little more. It was painful, but it felt good, too, better than my butt plug did in the shower.

"Good," he said, and started to pull it out a bit. He made it almost all the way out, then thrust back inside, gently. "That's it," he said, and pushed it further inside again. He rhythmically fucked me in the ass. He put his hands on my shoulders and fucked me harder and harder. I groaned. I could barely stand the pain but just the thought of him fucking me hard made my cock even harder. His breathing hastened and he started to lurch against me. "Oh fuck, oh fuck," he said. He pulled out at the last second, my asshole puckering and screaming, and jacked off on my lower back. I could feel his boiling hot seed on my back and running down my ass crack. "Ohhhhhhh . . ." he moaned. He collapsed on top of me, all 200 pounds of him. We sat like that for maybe two minutes. He almost crushed me.

"You didn't get to cum," he said, finally.

"No, not yet." My cock was still solid.

"What would you like, a handjob, or for me to suck you off?" I thought for a second of my cum bursting into his waiting mouth, then said, "No, I think I'll return the favor. On your stomach." He hesitated, then got off me. I stood up beside the table, and he took my place. I found the lube beside the oil and rubbed some into his hole. "Are you sure?" he asked. "I give an awesome blowjob."

"No, I'm sure." I'd been wanting to fuck somebody -- anybody -- in the ass for a long time. My girlfriends hadn't let me, my wife wouldn't let me. I'd never thought of asking the guys on the baseball team. Maybe I should have.

I jumped up onto the gurney and moved behind him. I placed the head of my cock against his asshole, as he had, then pressed it in slowly. His pucker wrapped around my cock as it found its way inside. Ted winced in pain. "Back up on it," I said. He did as he was told and eased back onto my throbbing hard cock, right down to my balls. I put my hands on his shoulders and started moving in and out of him, slowly. Holy shit it felt good. I moved in and out, his ass muscles finding new purchase on my cock as I pumped him. My breathing quickened, I wasn't going to last long. I fucked him harder and harder. Then the door opened and closed and I froze for a second. It was Stacey. She put a finger over her lips to shush me. "Keep going," she said, quietly. She opened up her kimono, her tits laid bare, and reached down and started fingering her mound. I fucked Ted harder now as I watched Stacey finger herself. "Hurry up," he stammered. "Hurry up, man, it's starting to hurt." At that I fucked him harder. Shit, I was close. So close. Oh god, shit, fuck. I pulled out my cock and stroked myself all over his back. Line after line of silvery cum shot onto his ass. I almost collapsed in ecstasy. I looked over at Stacey. She, too, was cumming, jamming her fingers in and out of her pussy. I collapsed on top of Ted for a moment, and heard Stacey let herself out of the room. I got off the table and found my way to a chair. Ted got up and put his robe back on.

"My ass is going to hurt for days," said Ted. "You know I'm supposed to charge you for all those extras. But I kind of got into it myself."

"Really?" I said. "Maybe next time."

Ted walked out the door. I put on my clothes, slid a couple of twenties onto the side table, and walked down the hallway, where several guys were waiting for their turn with Stacey or one of the other girls.

"Will I see you again soon," asked Stacey at her desk. Ted was slumped in an armchair beside her.

"Absolutely."