 After I'd divorced my wife of 10 years, I moved into a condo while she and the kids lived in the house. We'd parted amicably, but I was still pretty hurt by the whole process and the things that we'd said in court. Luckily, she wasn't able to take me all the way to the cleaners, so I was fairly well off even with the alimony and child support I had to pay. 

My condo was nice, on the fifth floor. A two bedroom with a little balcony that overlooks the river. I'd settled in and started to think of it as home after about a month. 

One day, I was sitting on my balcony having a beer and watching the world go by when my neighbor came out on to his balcony. I said hello and we talked for a bit. His name is Chuck and he seemed nice enough. He was about my 6-foot height, but probably only tipped the scales about 30 pounds less than my 185. His skin was deep brown and he had a wide smile. We made idle chatter for a while and then he went inside.

Several days later, I'd come home from work and headed out to my balcony for a beer. Chuck was on his balcony, so I invited him over. We sat out on my balcony drinking beers and getting to know each other for several hours. The conversation moved on to sex, as most inevitably due after I'd remarked about how pissed I was that the local baseball team's pitcher got shelled the night before.

Chuck remarked, "Yea, he's never been the same since we broke up. I guess I broke his heart after all."

I replied "Wait. You DATED him? Like dated, dated him?"

Chuck then told me how they met at a local bar and slept together that night. Their relationship progressed to where the player moved in with him a week later. Chuck went into very gory detail about their sex life: how he used to beg Chuck to fuck his ass, how he loved it when Chuck came on his face, and other intimate details. I sat there listening in disbelief.

"THAT guy is gay?!?!? Seriously? I can't believe he's gay!"

Chuck said "Oh, he's gay alright. You'd never know it, but he is. One of the reasons we broke up is because he didn't want anyone to know. When we'd go out, it was always made to look very platonic. I couldn't deal with it anymore so I broke up with him. We were together about a year, I guess. "

"Wow, I'm dumbfounded. Hell, I didn't even know you were gay either."

Chuck said "All my life! How about you? I saw the pictures when I came in. I see you have kids. You married?"

"I was. We divorced about 6months ago. It was hard, but I think I'm much happier now. "

Chuck asked "So, you got a girlfriend or anything?"

"No," I said. "I think I'm kind of 'A-sexual' now. I just don't have any desire to get into a relationship at the moment."

"So, you're just jerking off every night now?"

"Pretty much," I said. "When I'm horny, there's a little Korean massage joint a mile or so away. I get a massage and a hand job. It's ok."

When Chuck asked me how much that cost, I said "It's $120 for the massage, but I give a $50 tip for the handy. The massage is OK but I'm not allowed to touch her during the hand job. I need to find a place that's a little more 'interactive', I think."

Chuck said "Hell, for $100 I'll give you a massage and a hand job. I love giving massages."

I looked at him and thought he was joking. "Right. I'll keep you in mind should my Korean chick break her hands."

"Seriously," Chuck said. "I guarantee I'd give a better massage than some Korean chick. I was with a professional athlete, for Christ's sakes! I used to give him a massage and happy ending damn near every day!"

"Thanks, Chuck," I said. "But I think getting a hand job from a guy would be a bit more strange than I could handle. I've never done anything like that with another dude. "

"Well," Chuck said as he stood up. "Think about it. I'm right next door if you change your mind. I'm headed home, so we'll see you around. Thanks for the beers."

Chuck left and I finished my beer and headed off to bed. As I laid there in bed, I couldn't help but think about Chuck and his offer. He was a good looking guy, for sure. I had to admit that I was a little curious, but wasn't sure if I could actually do it. I drifted off to sleep, but couldn't quite stop thinking about what it would be like to have Chuck stroke my cock.

Weeks went by. Chuck and I would hang out every few days, drinking beers on one of our balconies. He'd broach the subject occasionally of a massage, usually asking how my Korean chick was doing. I always assumed he was still joking about the whole thing. 

One day, as I pulled into the parking lot of my massage place, I saw 4 or 5 police cruisers in front. I quickly spun around and acted like I was just turning around. Judging by the looks of things, I'd narrowly missed a raid of some sort. 

I was as horny as I remember being, so I headed on home to take care of things myself. As I was getting into the elevator, Chuck came through the door. I held the elevator for him and we rode up to our floor.

Chuck asked me how things were and I told him about the raid on my massage place.

"No shit!" he said. "They got raided? You're lucky you weren't there already!"

"No kidding," I said. "I don't know what I'm going to do now. That was the only sex I was having!"

"Well," Chuck said as a sly smile crossed his face. "My offer still stands. I'd be happy to take care of things for you." He looked me up and down a few times and then straight into my eyes. "I guarantee it will be the best massage of your life or your money back!"

My horniness got the better of me so I said "Why not, Chuck? Are you available now?"

"Sure! Let's go to my place."

I followed Chuck down the hall and to his door. He turned to me as he opened the door and said "Welcome to Heaven!"

"Very funny, " I said. "Where should we do it?"

He smiled and said "'Do it', huh? Why don't we 'do it' in the bedroom. This way..."

I followed him to his room. He had a very large, four-poster that had to be larger than a king size. His room was also meticulously clearn.

"Wow," I said. "That is a huge ass bed!"

He walked over to his nightstand as he said "Biggest one they make. Getting sheets to fit is nearly impossible though." He pulled a bottle of massage oil out of his nightstand and then turned to me and said "Well? Come on. Take off your close and get on the bed. Face down to start."

"Oh, right," I said as I started to strip. Chuck just stood there and watched me as I disrobed. I half expected him to turn his back, but he didn't. He just stood there watching me as a peeled off my clothes with a sly grin on his face.

I became a bit self-conscious as I dropped my pants to reveal that I don't wear underwear. The fact that I was standing there naked in the middle of the day in another man's bedroom got the better of me and I could feel my erection building. I stepped out of my pants and walked over to the bed. "Which way do you want me to lay?"

Chuck looked down right at my growing cock. "Well, somebody's excited! Why don't you lay across the bed."

I did as I was told and I could feel Chuck get up on to the bad and then straddle my naked ass. He was wearing jeans and I could tell that they were probably going to be chafing on my bare skin. But for now, I didn't say anything.

Chuck warmed his hands and then began massaging my shoulders. He rubbed the oil over my back and then continued with my shoulders and upper back. It felt fucking amazing! He had very talented hands and his technique was better than any massage I'd ever had. I just closed my eyes, smiled, and enjoyed it. 

After a few minutes, Chuck asked me if the pressure was ok. I told him that it was fine, but his jeans were starting to rub my ass raw as he moved. He asked me if I'd be more comfortable with them off. I told him "Sure. I think that will be fine." 

I felt him get up and he asked "Are you sure you're not gay? Having another guy sit on your ass in his underwear might cross your hetero line somewhere."

I smiled and said "I don't think I could be gay. I like tits too much."

Chuck said "Well, there are advantages to being gay that you don't get with a woman."

I asked him to explain and as he peeled off his jeans and shirt he said "Well, familiarity with the equipment, for one. You'll see when I'm getting you off. Knowing your own cock means you can take care of another better. "

"I see," I said, still with my eyes closed. I could feel Chuck get back up on the bed and straddle my ass again. This time, I didn't feel his jeans, but I could feel his bare skin. I opened my eyes, looked back at him and said "I thought you were going to keep your underwear on?"

Chuck said "I did. See? " and he stood up where I could see him. Sure enough, he was wearing some sort of black thong. 

"Oh," I said. "Ok. That's not much in the way of underwear."

"You don't wear any underwear, so what's the point? Just relax, will you?" he said as he sat back down on my ass and started my massage again. 

I closed my eyes and relaxed. So what if he's practically naked while sitting on my ass, rubbing my shoulders? He's going to be jerking me off anyway. What does it matter?

Then I started thinking: What if he gets hard while he's doing it? Every time I've given a massage to my wife, I always got an erection. A little voice in my head said "Yea, you didn't exactly think this through, did you?" Shit. What was I going to do when I turn over to get serviced and there he is: His black cock sticking out from the top of his underwear?

Chuck continued to work his way down my back to the top of my ass. As he did, he slid off my ass and down my legs. He moved my legs apart and kneeled in between them while he rubbed oil on my ass and rubbed it into my skin.

"The ass is the most misunderstood part of the body, I think. Since it's where the shit comes out, people think it's dirty. There's so much pleasure to be had in the ass. Your prostate gland is in there, for example. Have you ever had your prostate massaged, Mike?"

"No. I didn't know you could massage that."

"Well," Chuck said. "You have to go through the anus to get to it, but by rubbing the prostate gland, you can induce an orgasm." I could feel his hands all over my ass. Spreading my cheeks apart, he lightly ran his hand down the crack and across my asshole. A shock ran through my body and I so desperately wanted to moan. 

"Really," I said. "I'd never heard of that before." I tried to remain calm, but my heart was pounding. He was running his hands all over my ass again. Squeezing gently and rubbing the oil in. 

"Oh, sure," he continued. "It's very intense. But there are other things too. Have you ever had your asshole licked?" I heard the massage oil container open.

"No, never," I said, my mouth very dry now.

"Oh, that's the best. It is just about the best feeling in the world. I love it when a guy licks my ass as I stroke my cock. Gets me off every time. " I felt the massage oil being poured on to the top of my ass crack and slowly slide down over my asshole. "Ooops," he said. "I used a bit too much."

I doubted whether that was an accident or not, but when he started to rub the oil into my ass crack and around my anus, I no longer cared. He slowly worked his way down to my asshole and then traced circles around the edges.

"Getting your ass licked feels amazing, but do you know what feels even better?" One finger was tracing circles around my hole and I could feel his other hand grab my ball sack. He rolled my balls around in his fingers and I could feel very gentle pressure on my hole. 

"Having a hard cock slide between your lips feels amazing, too. You don't get to enjoy that unless you're gay. The way the head is softer than the shaft and the feel of it sliding over your tongue. That also feels wonderful. And when he shoots his load in your mouth? That's incredible. Now, a lot of guys will tell you that it's rude not to swallow a man's sperm, but I disagree. In fact, I don't like to cum inside a guy's mouth or ass. I like to pull out and watch it as it sprays. Across his face, stomach, or ass. It doesn't matter. But I do like to see a guy with my cum on his face to be honest with you. " He continued to tease my balls and ass. I could only lay there and moan loudly as he toyed with me. "But still," he continued. "That's still not the best feeling in the world. Would you like to know what the best feeling in the world is, Mike?"

"Oh, God. Yes. Tell me" I panted. 

"The best feeling in the world is a hard cock sliding into your ass. That's the best. Nothing compares to that initial penetration. And as he slides his cock past your prostate, then you'll know what ecstasy is." He slowly slid his finger into my ass. My mouth dropped open and another moan escaped my lips. 

"Yea," he said. "That feels good, doesn't it?" 

I could only moan as I felt his finger move around in my ass and his fingers massaging my balls. 

"Yea, I can tell it does. Just relax and enjoy it." He'd inserted his finger about three inches or so and began to make small circles at the "top" of my asshole. Suddenly, I felt like I was going to cum right then and there. I let out a loud moan as the feeling didn't intensify, but rather stayed on a plane as he continued to rub.

"That's your prostate right there, isn't it? See what you've been missing? It only gets better, too."

I started to move my hips around as Chuck massaged my gland. Where has this been all my life? I couldn't help but wonder if I could do this to myself?

"Ok," he said as he pulled his finger from my ass and climbed out from between my legs. " Turn over."

Reluctantly, I turned over to face him. He'd moved to the side and was back on his haunches. My cock was standing tall and hard and I looked over at him and I could see the top of his cock head sticking out of his thong.

"You really need to shave your pubes. You have way too much hair down there."

"Really," I asked. "I'd never noticed before."

"Oh, yea," Chuck said. "You need to shave it all off. It's much more sensitive and it makes your cock look larger. Here I'll show you."

Then he stood up and pulled his thong down. He was, in fact, completely shaved. I'd never actually seen another man's erect cock before. His looked to be a little bigger than mine, maybe 7 inches long and thick. 

"See how big it looks? It's probably the same size as yours, but it looks bigger since there's no hair. You should shave yours. Or I could do it for you if you want? It's no problem at all."

"You want to shave me?"

"Well, you get a handjob anyway, so this will make it even more exciting, I promise. Come on." And with that, he turned and walked toward his bathroom. I heard the shower start as I said a mental "What the hell?" and got up to join him. 

He opened the door to the shower and I stepped in. There was plenty of room for two people and I wondered why my master bathroom doesn't have a shower like this? I moved around in the stream of water and got myself wet. Chuck sat down on the little bench in front of me, my cock even with his face.

He lathered up my groin area and slowly removed all the hair around my cock and balls. I have to admit that it was very erotic watching him shave me. I was hoping that I'd get a blowjob right then and there since he was in the perfect position, but when he'd finished, he stood up and turned off the water.

"Ok," Chuck said. "Let me dry you off and then get back in bed."

He got into the closet, pulled out a towel and then dried me off. I walked over to the bed and laid down on my back. After he'd dried, he came back to the bed and picked up the oil.

"Now, you'll see what I mean about how much more sensitive you are now" and he climbed up onto the bed in between my legs. 

He poured a large amount of oil on his hands, rubbed them together and then all over my cock and balls. I definitely was much more sensitive without the hair and I said so.

"See?," he said. "Being gay has its advantages." He began stroking my cock with his left hand. His strokes were firm and went the entire length. "Good, isn't it?"

"Oh, God, yes!" I said. I sat up onto my elbows to get a better view. Then he moved in closer and started to stroke his own cock with his right hand. I moved my legs on top of his thighs as he wiggled in closer. Watching him stroke both of our cocks was so erotic, I could feel the cum building in my balls.

"I'm gonna cum soon," I said. 

He picked up his pace on our cocks and I felt myself fall over the edge. Cum erupted from my cock with such force that the first shot hit me in the cheek. Chuck continued to stroke as my orgasm began to subside and the cum stopped flowing from my cock. "Here I cum!" he said as the first of many ropes of velvety white cum flew onto my cock and my stomach. 

I laid back to catch my breath. I could heel him get up from the bed and head for the bathroom. He came back with a damp towel and as he cleaned our cum off me, I said "That was incredible. Thanks a lot."

"I told you," he said. "I told you it would be the best message of your life."

I got dressed and paid Chuck his money. As I handed him the money, he said "Call me whenever you'd like another massage. "

"Thanks. I sure will. Maybe next week?"

"Sure. Anytime."

About a week later, I called Chuck. He was home, so I went over.

When I knocked on the door, he let me straight in. He was wearing a white, terry cloth robe.

"Come on in, Mike. Good to see you again." I entered the room and he closed the door behind me. He said "Have you kept up on shaving your cock, or do I have to do that again."

"I've been shaving every day. I gotta tell you that I like not having any hair down there."

"Good," he said. "Lets get started." And he led me to his bedroom. I took off my clothes and walked over to the bed. 

"You want me on my stomach first?" I asked.

He untied his robe and let it fall from his shoulders. He was completely nude. "That's a good place to start, I guess."

I laid down and felt him crawl up and straddle my ass. As he began to rub my shoulders, I could feel his hips moving on top of me. I could also feel my erection starting underneath me.

"How's that feel? Is that hard enough?" he asked.

I smiled at the innuendo he was implying and said "The harder the better, I think."

"Oh, I like the way you're thinking. Harder is better, I think."

He continued to rub the oil into my skin as he worked his magic on my muscles. I was relaxed and just plain putty in his arms. I was completely under his control at this point.

"So, have you been thinking about this all week, Mike?" he asked.

"Yes, I have. You're an amazing masseuse. How did you get so good?" I asked.

"I've had a lot of practice. What did you think about all week? What was your favorite part of the massage?"

"Well, the best part was the way you played with my ass. I've never had that before. The shaving was very erotic. And I liked how you were able to stroke us both at once. But really, watching you cum on me was the best part."

"Oh," he said. "You liked watching me cum on you? I figured that would freak you out since you're straight and all."

"I thought it would too, but it didn't. I don't know why."

"Maybe," he said. "You're not as straight as you think you are. Maybe you're just a little curious about what it's like to be gay. I can show you, if you'd like."

And with that, he slid off my ass and in between my legs. He poured oil over my ass and started to rub it in. It sure seemed he used quite a bit of oil again and I could feel it dripping down my crack.

As he massaged my ass, I started to move my hips under his pressure. 

"You like that, don't you? You like having your ass massaged?"

"Yes," I said as my heart was pounding and my mouth went dry.

"Good. Then you're going to love what's next." I felt him get up from between my legs and move them together. Then, he straddled my legs and leaned forward. I could feel his hard cock force its way between my butt cheeks. Slowly, he started to rub his cuck up and down my crack. I moaned softly at the sensation. 
