 I was hurting badly. I had gotten the leg muscle pain side effect from my cholesterol medicine. There were days during which walking more than ten steps was out of the question and days in which my limit was closer to a thousand steps. Those days allowed me to go shopping, if I could park close by. 

However there were times I had to ask a store employee to get me a wheelchair.

I was forty-two and newly divorced. I was eager to go chase women in bars and fuck but my body would not allow it. I was more than a bit frustrated.

My doctor told me I had been approved for massage therapy and as I was driving to the clinic for the first time I hoped it would be a good-looking woman that enjoyed providing happy endings but found that my masseuse was a somewhat younger guy, perhaps in his early thirties He was slim with long blonde hair but he was pleasant enough and his massage was competent so we made appointments for every Tuesday and Friday at four in the afternoon. I would be his last appointment each of those days.

We found that some days the massage would do a lot of good. Some days not so much. Some days his massage would trigger pain were there had been none before. On one of those days the pain was high up on my hamstring. He could not get to the area with me wearing shorts so he pulled them off and threw a small towel over my ass and went to work.

The fact that it was the first time I was completely naked did not register until I was ready leave; it did not concern me much. 

The fact that he asked me to take my shorts off on the next appointment did not concern me at all. For all subsequent appointments I simply got naked.

Normally all of the sessions were on the back of my legs. Once, when I still wore shorts, he had to work on a quadriceps. On a subsequent Friday afternoon it acted up again and I found myself on my back with my disappointing size cock in plain sight.

"I am the new president of the small dick club," I quipped.

He laughed and said, "Be ready to lose the next election."

I had never wanted to see another's cock until that day. The pain took my mind off that thought for the rest of that session but returned the next time when he treated the same area again. The muscle was fine that day but he spent time working on it and twice I felt a hand brush my cock. I got most of an erection that session.

The next session he massaged my legs from ankles to the small of my back. It had been one of the better days for me and I almost fell asleep as he worked on my ass.

I thanked him and gave him a bit of a better tip than usual.

On my next appointment and I was on my stomach as he began on my legs. I was asleep before he got to my calves. When I awoke He was massaging my ass and separating my ass cheeks. I felt warm oil on my asshole then felt a finger spread it inside. I continued to pretend I was asleep.

I don't know why I did so, perhaps it was curiosity. I did know it felt good.

Soon he was finger fucking me, then a short pause, more oil, and he resumed finger fucking me with apparently two fingers.

At his next pause I coughed and pretended to be waking up and he began to massage my back. We finished the session normally and I gave him the same extra tip I had given the last time.

I had not been sleeping well the following week and I was truly asleep when he whispered to me it was time to turn over. I was not surprised my butt and asshole were well lubricated.

It happened again the next time and noticed my ass was a bit sore. He may have gotten carried away I thought.

He "accidentally" began rubbing his cock over my hands as he moved around me. I never flinched and did not move them, not even when he deposited his covered cock on the palm of my hands.

I did not grip it however my fingers involuntarily curled around it

and I allowed them to stay that way. I felt his smallish cock become very rigid.

One Tuesday as he worked on the groin muscle he lifted my cock out of the way a couple of times. Even when it was erect and out of the way he felt the need to hold it. He held on to it much longer than necessary but with no complaints from me.

"Oh yeah. The presidency in your club is definitely a goner," he said as he let go of my erection after a small squeeze.

I tipped him better that day.

I noticed he had an erection during each session. I did not comment on it because I had an erection before I got up on the table. We both looked but did not make any comments about them. Of course my cock was exposed while his was under his white shorts.

I wondered when he had discarded his underwear.

I also wondered where our sessions were leading. I did make note that I had not decided on when or if I would stop him.

I fell asleep on occasion and awoke to a slippery butt and asshole. 

I pretended to sleep at times and enjoyed having my ass fingerfucked on those times.

I suspected he knew when I was not asleep and held back. 

I thought he had had fucked me at least once while I slept.

Eventually all barriers fell. He took a bit longer than usual to begin and he began on my shoulders. As I looked through the hole in my headrest I could see his cock was hard under his shorts. The shorts themselves were different, satiny with wide leg apertures. 

He paused to adjust himself and exposed his cock in the process. It was a semi-long skinny thing just like he was. 

He was right; his cock was definitely smaller than mine. 

He took his shorts off while under my view and dropped them right under the headrest aperture. He wanted me to know he was as naked as I was.

As he worked on my neck and shoulders he kept his cock under the aperture for my viewing pleasure. I was not too surprised to feel that watching his cock dance was a pleasure.

He asked me to turn over then walked around and began on my legs and my thighs. His cock was in contact with my body at all times and I decided to keep the palm of my hands upwards. His cock was soon in them and my hand gave it a soft squeeze each time. He again had my cock in his hand as he caressed my groin. My balls were in his hands often.

He asked me to turn over again but kept his hand on my cock as I did. As I settled on my stomach he pointed my cock down then placed oil on it and resumed caressing my cock and balls from between my legs.

He began the routine on my butt and ass. I felt the table move. He was now straddling me between my legs as he massaged my ass. He lubricated my hole and finger fucked me for a while then he pressed himself to me and slid his cock up in me.

I knew he was going to fuck me but had no qualms about it. It was not going to be the first cock in my ass although it would be the first in twenty years. My barracks roommate and I had enjoyed our play but it happened only four times. I had expected to have gay experiences again but never had, until now.

There was no pain, no burn, it was wonderful. I loved his cock in my ass.

He fucked me slowly, gently and I savored it. He kissed my shoulder and my neck until he suddenly lost it and fucked me hard for a few seconds then draped his body over mine. He waited until he had recovered his breath then whispered, "Turn over" and gave me room to do so.

My cock was as hard as it had ever been and he sucked it then rolled a condom over it. Slowly he lowered his ass and inserted it to the hilt in one move. It was obviously not the first cock up his ass either.

He whispered, "Perfect, just perfect."

He set a long slow pace but that did not help my control very much and I did not last long but he kept slowly fucking me until my cock slid out of his ass. He leaned over and kissed my lips. I welcomed the kiss. We did not speak as I got dressed and left even though both of us were happy with the turn of events. We may have been a bit embarrassed that we were.

I forgot to tip him at the end of the session.

On our next session he immediately began to suck my cock. 

I reached for his cock and began to caress it then I pulled him over to me and began to suck his cock at a leisurely pace.

He was sucking mine with purpose but it still took several minutes for me to fill his mouth with cum.

After my spasms calmed I began to suck his cock with purpose until I found my mouth full of his cum. He again lay over me and we gave each other a long cum infused kiss. 

"How did you know I would play? I asked.

"Because you would look at my groin every time and did not mind when I pressed my cock against you. Because you really enjoyed my play with your ass. By the way the times you were really asleep I did stick my cock in you and fucked your ass briefly. I could tell you suspected I had but when you did not say anything I became encouraged.

I have very much enjoyed our last two sessions and the best part is you still have nine appointments left."

"That may not be enough for my condition, I will need to see what I can do."

We laughed and then he began the massage. Towards the end of the session he had recovered enough to fuck me again.

I got my treatment extended another six sessions. We fucked all fifteen sessions with minimum interruptions for a massage. 

I could have extended them again but by then I was ready and able to chase women and had in fact enjoyed two. They had requested encores.

Still, every six weeks or so I imagined the soreness had returned and made another appointment, always at four o'clock, his last appointment for the day.