 I watch lustfully as my servant Eric kneeling in top of my bed (barefoot) he was already massaging his his half hard cock in his slacks. He was breathing hard and already starting to sweat, he wore nothing on top only a bow tie was left hanging in his neck.

* * * * * * * * * *

I could remember just this morning that Grandpa choose him as my personal servant. After my parent's died in a car crash 2 months ago, my Grandpa raised me up.

He lived in a very large mansion. When I first went there it was filled with both male and female servant's. Not until yesterday I discovered there were also used for personal pleasure.

My Grandpa knew that I was gay since he was there when I told my parents about my sexuality. I was shocked when Grandpa brought me home with him and introduce Eric to me.

I watch him as he stand tall towering me with his 6'4 height, he also had a nice large muscular frame. He had a nice pair of chocolate brown eyes that look like whirlpools if you keep on staring at it. His not very handsome but yet his attractive and a bit of magnetic feeling wit it. 

I could see his muscles ripple under his shirt every time he moves. I could feel my cock harden by just the sight of him. 

Then suddenly he bowed down gently grab hold of my left hand and kiss the tip of fingers ah he introduce himself to me. "Hello Master, I'm Eric Lancers , I will be your personal servant as long as I live. I will do anything what master want me to do." Once more he brought his lips on tips of my fingers and slightly brushing them with his hot lips.

I almost cum in my pants by looks of it. Since then I tried my best on touching him with many ways with out him noticing. He was my jack-off fantasy and also my wet dream. I usually dreamed about him every night that he was making love with me.

Not until this evening I can't take it anymore. I brushed my curly blond hair as I woke up in a daze. I could still hear my hear thump in my chest as I recall my dream. It was so erotic like it was almost reality.

I look up to my nightstand clock, I notice that the time was pointing at 12. God still midnight I want to see day light right now. Then a suddenly my stomach growl as hunger struck me.

Not good hungry and I already know that all the servant's are all asleep. I slowly got off my bed and headed out of my bedroom not until I heard a noise outside my door.

I open my door hoping to see who's making the noise. There I found Eric right in front of me barefoot and shirtless with only a bow tie was left hanging in his neck. He look like surprise to see me up in this very night. 

"Master why are you still awake?" He ask me as he gently touch my shoulder.

"Ahh...Umm." I mumbled to my self as my eyes not leaving his hard muscular chest and tight 6 pack abs. I couldn't stop drooling at his naked torso.

Eric must have notice me looking at him as if he was a cookie waiting to be eaten by a drooling child. But the child was me and also the one drooling at his sexy body.

Then suddenly Eric grab me and brought me to my room locking us both inside. I could feel his hot body against mine. Even though I'm wearing my pajamas I could feel the heat of his body covering my every senses.

"Master why aren't you sleeping." he asked me with out releasing me.

"I...I-I got h-hungry so I t-tried to downstairs at the kitchen to get some food to e-eat." I buried my nose in his hot chest. Smelling his sweet musky scent. 

"Your hungry master?" he asked me huskily. I could hear his voice suddenly change.

With out replying I travel my wet tongue on his bare chest. Licking his muscular pecs, tasting every inch of his skin. I felt his grip tighten and suddenly he brought me in my bed and lay me there.

He look up at my blue eyes as he huskily move himself in front of my bed. "Master I think you better have your midnight snack now."

I smiled and lick my lips. "You better make it fast, cause I'm hungry."

* * * * * * * * * *

I watch the sweat travel down from his neck slowly went down to his muscular chest to his tight six pack abs then disappeared under his waist band.I could see the big bulge in his pants waiting to be set free.

"OK you can stop now." I ordered. His eyes flew open and stared down at me while removing his hands in his aching groin. Then I gesture him to come closer near my face.

I watch him came close to me as I could hear his heavy breathing each time he get closer, I could feet his hot thigh brush my side.

Then he suddenly stop in front of me, with his knees spreed apart, my face a few inches away from his crotch.

Then I lifted a finger and deliberately brush through his aching groin. I heard him gasp and shivered by my touch. I repeated the action for 5 minutes before stopping.

I heard him protest in top of me as he whimpered and beg me to continue. "Now...now. Be patient, you will get off soon. I promise." I smile playfully at him.

Then I lifted my hands again and brought it to his hips. I got hold of his belt and tried to unbuckled his pants. After unbuckling his pants I reach out for his zipper next. Zipping his zipper downwards slowly while my other hand is squeezing his hard flesh under the material making him groan loudly.

After the zipper was undone I cup his balls in and give it a teasing squeeze. "Ohhh! Shit! Huh!" His breathing fast as he continue to pant.

I slowly trace his hard erection under the material as I continue on squeezing and stroking his big pole and egg shaped balls.

"Ahhhh! F-fuck! Mast-ter!" I could feel him trusting and humping in my hands as I continue on teasing and caressing him in agony.

I massage his balls and stroke his hard cock under the material for a few times before slipping his pants and underwear down.

I'm almost finish on undressing him when his hard dick got caught in the material. I push the fabric downwards until his swollen cock jump out of the material as few drops of pre-cum flew in the air and landed in my face. His dick went up into his an upright position, hitting his flat six pack belly while pre-cum slowly dripping in his swollen cock head.

I look up and examine his big swollen member as I took notice his hard cock throbbing for attention. His erection throb in my gaze as it stand 10 inch tall while dripping in pre-cum. I reach up to his 10 incher and scoop his pre-cum using my index finger. 

"Ahhh! F-fuck! Mas-ster! Fuck-in good...!" I heard him curse under his panting breath as he continue on groaning in agony. I could see more sweat dripping in his entire body making him look sexy as hell in the dim room.

My gaze followed a sweat drop that fell down to his hot chest down to his taunt stomach then went downwards to his balls.

Then I brought my pre-cum-soak-index-finger in my mouth as I suck his pre-cum dry. After sucking it I brought my face close to his crotch and buried my face into his hot sticky groin. I breath in his nice musky scent as I continue to rub my face into his hot sticky aching cock. I could feel his pre-cum dripping down in my face as I continue in rub my face to him.

"Oh...fucking...Christ! Oh God.....That f-feels g-good m-master!!! Ahhhhh! M-more! Please..." I could hear his voice cracking on top of me, begging me to make him cum.

Then I suddenly stop, while ignoring his protest, I drifted back while I looking at his face in top of me. "Well now. What do you want me to do with it Eric? Do you want master to Suck this dripping poker of yours....or do you want master to M-A-S-T-U-R-B-A-T-E you until I milk you dry? Take your pick." a playful smile tug in my face while looking at him hungrily.

"Oh fuck...Master..." he whispered.

"Master what?" I look at him while lifting my index finger to tease his wet cock head.

"P-please...f-uck my c-cock..." he shivered silently.

"Fuck what now? I didn't hear you, speak up. Your a big man! Be a man and tell what to do." I continue on teasing his swollen member as he groan louder, his expression in agony.

"Oh fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" He moan. "Master! I....I wan-t you....I want you to...Oh fuck!" I continued on teasing his cock head, but this time my other hand was scratching his hard shaft, making his cock pump more pre-cum. "FUCK MASTER! I-I W-WANT YOU TO STROKE ME U-UNTIL YOU M-MIl-K Me D-Dry!!!!" Bursting out, he suddenly grab my hands and guide them in his hard member not waiting for me to grip him, he suddenly thrust his cock in my hands.

He was grinding and humping in my fingers. I smiled sweetly at him as I examine his hot sweat stained face and body. I suddenly grip tightly his hard member making him squirm and groan in my hands. Pre-cum continued on dripping in his hard length as my hands got slick as a result of his leaking.

I loosen one hand and move it to hold down to his balls. I pull down his ball sack as I continue to massage it while my other hand was busy playing in his hard slick prick.

"Ahhhhhh! Fuck! Master..."I could hear his moans as he continue to hump in my hand. I sit back and examine his hot trembling body as I watch his wet chest rise and fall gasping for air. I lick my dry lips and stare down at his dripping hard on.

I could feel his erection throb in my hands as I continue to trust it at his hard member. It already made some sexy squishy noises as I continue to masturbate him slowly.

"Fuck it feels so good." His humping got fierce as he continued to groan and drip more pre-cum in my hands and in my sheets. I could smell man seed hung in the air. I suddenly jerk his slick cock fiercely as he jump and squirm in my hands. He is grinding his cock so hard that I almost lost my grip around it. I use both hands in order for me to plow his cock with out loosing my grip around it.

"Fuck! Fuck! M-master! I-I'm...I'm ga-anna...c-cum!" his voice cracking in every words. I could feel his erection getting stiffer and his balls rising higher.

I could feel more pre-cum pouring down in hands that continued to drip down to my arms down to the sheets. The sheets is already damp of his man seed.

"Feed me with your creamy milk stud. Feed me Stud! Feed me!!!" I felt light headed as I watch him nodded. Then he frenziedly hump in my fingers as he grind at it.

He is groaning and panting very fast. I didn't even notice that I was also panting and breathing hard like him.

"F-fuck...a l-little more!" he grunted his dick sprouting pre-cum in my hand and in my chest. The squishy noises become louder like his moans. I continue on stroke and stimulate his hard slick cock, making him shivered reaching to his limit.

"M-MASTER! I-I....I-I'M.....CU-CU-CUMMMING!!!!! ARRRGGGGHHHHH!!!!" then a long thick white pearly rope of semen blast out through his pis slit, and went splashing around my chest and face.

"ARRRGGGHHHH! Fuck!" he grunted as I continue on masturbating his hard pumping cock, I continue pump out more milk out of his nuts. He suddenly thrust harder in my hands that big blob of sperm blasted out and landed strait to my face.

"OHHH Fuck. Masteeerr!!!" he continued to thrust his hips forward as he continue to pump more milky semen out of his large swollen balls. I could feel his dick pump more in every thrust, like a hose of a water pump he continues on cumming making me wet with his thick cream all over my body.

"Please milk me! Please milk me more! Master! Oh Fuck!" He continued to spill more sperm, more cum, more jizz and more cream out of his huge set of balls. Milking him was so great that I can't stop my aching hands from stoking and pumping his hard dick.

His thrusting became slower as he continue to pump more man milk out of his balls, but lesser this time. Then he suddenly stop and grab the head board of my bed.

I could hear Eric's hard breathing in top of me. I look down at my chest, pool of Eric's cum was surrounding my whole body. I couldn't believe that he would cum so hard like that. No wonder he had a big set of balls. I could feel the warm liquid dripping in my face.

I touch my cum soak body and lap on Eric's cum. "Hmmmmm, yummmy." I could hear my self purr as I continue to feed on Eric's cum juice. I drunk his spunk like it was the only thing that matter's to me.

He watch me as I continued to lap on my spunk covered face and hands. I drunk all his sperm and all his spunk, licking and sucking every milky cream into my mouth.

I tongue clean my self as I drank all of his man juice. I look at him as he smiled down at me.

"So master was your midnight snack taste good?" he asked me hoarsely.

"Yep, I kinda like it. It was a bit creamy, hot and thick. I like it it taste good too." I lick my lips and stare at his lustfully.

Then suddenly a drip of pre-cum fell in my face I look up at hi groin area right in front of me as his still hard cock pulse and bob playfully right in my face.

"So Master want more?" Eric asked me his dick pointing right in my mouth.

"Now you mention it I'm kinda thirsty. I think I need to take some more water, don't you agree Eric?" I look up at him and lick the tip of his cock head. Teasing its sensitive areas I heard him moan in pleasure.

"Oh fuck..." pre-cum continued to drip out of his cock head, as I continued to lick him slowly licking his rod for release....

To be Continued...