 Chapter 16 - Date night

After breakfast, Master went to the living room and got on his laptop to prepare a schedule for his crew at work. I picked a spot on the floor by his feet and sat down there. On occasion he'd reach down and run his hand through my hair but was mostly focused on getting the schedule done. 

At one point he stopped, looked down at me and said, "you can take some free time if you want but first go get the butt plug - I want to talk about your use of that."

I went back to my closet and got the device and a small tube of lube. In it's uninflated form it was very thin and flexible and has a flared knob at the end - almost like a flexible funnel. I walked it back to the living room and he said, "let me have it."

I handed it to him and he looked it over saying, "OK apply a small amount of lube to your hole, i'm going to put this in you."

I did as he ordered making sure to push my finger in a little to spread the lubrication. He took out his phone and made a few taps then said, "OK I've just set this so you can control it." He paused for a second as I got into position without him asking - kneeling with my head low and my ass raised. He pushed it in and it set inside me effortlessly. 

"Right now you can inflate it or deflate it as you want but remember I can take that control away from you at any time and without notice. I'll allow you to take it out when you go to work but want it inserted at all other times. Of course you can remove it when you have to go and clean it but other than that and work make sure it's on" I felt a slight vibration and then it inflated to a firm but comfortable position. The flared knob sort of molded to my hole and cheeks to the point where it was probably not visible unless I spread them apart. It was soft but inflated enough where it plugged my hole.

"I want the chastity device to stay on you including work. If that becomes a problem we can talk about it. I'll leave the window on the head open so you can pee when you have to but that privilege can also be revoked. OK, now go put away the lube. When you come back why don't you get on the floor and massage my feet," he added as he walked away to wash his hands. 

"Yes, Sir," I replied and went to put away the tube of lube. Master was back working on his laptop when I got back. 

I got down and started working on his feet. He wasn't wearing any shoes or socks so I was able to get my hands in and around each toe. After about a half hour I remembered it had been a week since I had seen my family. I had wanted to skype with them and thought this would be a good opportunity so I asked, "Sir, would it be OK if I stopped for a few minutes and got dressed and skyped with my family so I can show them the house?"

"Yes, that's fine," he replied without taking his attention away from his laptop.

I walked over to the hamper and took out a pair of Master's used boxer, socks and shirt and got dressed - finishing off by putting on a pair of my jeans. I then did a quick walk through and made sure my mattress was in the closet with the door closed.

For the next 20 minutes I skyped with my family, mom dad and youngest brother. I took them through the whole house (except for the basement). They even talked a few minutes with Master and Zach as I walked around. It was great to talk to them but I was very nervous because this was the first time I ever had any connection between my slave life and family life. Of course, my family thinks these are just roommates but it was the first real connection of my two worlds. 

After the call, I got undressed and took my place down at his feet again. The rest of the afternoon was uneventful. Master had me order lunch from dominos and the three of us ate and talked. It was late in the afternoon when we finished and I cleaned up as Zach and Master left to get ready for the evening. They both had plans for the evening. I did not know what the plans were but Master made it clear they did not include me. 

It also became clear that they were not going out together since Victoria came to pick up Zach at around 7:00 PM and told Master that he'd be staying at Victoria's for the rest of the weekend. About a half hour later Master came out of his room and was ready to leave.

"You have the place to yourself and can do whatever you want - take it as free time or catch up on chores - as long as you don't leave the house. There's leftover food in the refrigerator for dinner or you can call something in for yourself. I'll see you later. Oh, just so you know, I may decide to close the chastity device head so I'd pee if I were you. I'll give you about an hour." 

He then left and, as the door closed behind him, an eerie silence came over the whole house. I took in the quiet and went into the living room and laid on my back on the floor. I stared up to the ceiling trying to take in the events of the past week. I reach up and felt the leather collar around my neck, the cold metal of the silver chain and dog tag, the chastity device encasing my dick and the soft plug in my hole. I thought about how these were indisputable signs that I was truly owned - pure property of my Master. I had no control of anything anymore - not even my own bodily functions which Master just took away.

I did have to pee so I got up and did that. The window on the head was actually wide enough where I could probably pee standing up and not make a mess but I sat down just in case. I raised the seat first and sat directly on the porcelain. This was a house rule for this toilet since other guests will also be using it and Master did not want me directly on the seat. 

I finished my business and went back to the living room floor to lie down. I dozed off but was awakened by a slight vibration in my cage. I remembered what Master had said about closing the window on my chastity device and when I looked down, it indeed was closed. 

Laying on my back naked like that made me think about my masturbation sessions. I would lie in bed at night relaxing, slide down my underwear and pleasure myself. I'd always put a few tissues on my stomach to catch the ejaculation and make for an easy clean-up. This was something I did almost every night before bed and when alone at home on a weekend day. I wanted to just grab my dick and do it now but I knew those days were over. My orgasms were not mine anymore - they belonged to Master and if I was allowed to feel one it would be only for his benefit.

I wanted to use this time wisely but, being already caught up on household chores and laundry, ended up watching TV. The fugitive was playing and I watched it to completion. It was still early but thought about getting to bed and get an early start to tomorrow - my last day of training before starting my job. Walking towards the bedroom, my phone went off - Master had sent a text, "I'm bringing this guy Kyrin home - prepare a bottle of wine, some snacks and get the bed ready. Also, get in the closet and stay out of sight."

I snapped to attention as my mind started racing. How much time did I have? What did he mean by "get the bed ready"? I took a deep breath and started doing the easy tasks first. I opened a bottle of wine which Master kept in the cabinet and put out two wine glasses. I broke open a bag of chips and spooned a half jar of salsa into a bowl and placed cold bottles of water on the kitchen table with the snacks. Next I put a tray of frozen pizza bagels in the microwave and turned on the oven. 

In the bedroom I placed three condoms on the night table, unwrapping one putting it on top of the wrapper and a pump bottle of lotion and a tube of lube. I got two more bottles of cold water for the nightstand and two clean hand towels. I also put out a package of wet wipes. Lastly, I turned down the bed making it easy to get under the sheets.

I ran back into the kitchen and the pizza bagels were done. I moved the tray into tyeh over to keep them warm and waited. After about 30 minutes, I heard the garage door open. Quickly, I turned off the oven, pulled the bagels out and put them on a serving plate on the table. I threw the baking sheet into the dishwasher scurried into my closet.

I heard the door open as they came in and laughter and talking. I heard Kyrin ask, "Where's your slave?"

"You'll meet him later," replied Master. "I told him to get snacks and drinks ready so let's eat."

My stomach turned when I heard this - now another person will know i'm a slave. I panicked a bit but decided to trust Master's discretion in knowing who he could tell. 

Once they got to the kitchen it was hard to make out exactly what they were saying. At one point Kyrin must have gone to the bathroom because I heard the toilet flush. After a while it got really quiet - no more talking just the sound of soft motion and after a few minutes they walked into the bedroom. The sound of them making out and kissing became evident and they jumped onto the bed. I heard the movement of zippers, unbuckling of belts and clothes being thrown on the floor.

That soon grew into the sound of sucking and bodies rolling on the bed and then I heard Kyrin whisper, "Fuck me Jakob." After a few minutes I hear one of them say "oh, fuck yea", and it became clear Master was fucking him. 

This went on for minutes and the sound of him pounding his cock into Kyrin was unmistakable and accentuated when I heard him say, "ohhhh, you're ass is so fucking tight - this feels so fucking good."

The sounds got louder with breathing and moaning - and listening to this made my cock want to get hard. Unfortunately the cock cage restrained my erection and became uncomfortable for me. Still, the sound of Master approaching his climax was music to my ears. I wanted him to feel the most powerful explosion and, even though he was feeling the pleasure and I was just feeling discomfort, I felt connected with him. My heart rate increased with the intensity of the fucking that was going on just a few feet away from me. I wanted to rip off my cage and jerk my throbbing dick but instead kept my hands clasped behind me. I remained quiet and motionless and just listened intently.

After a few more minutes of intense activity both Kyrin and Master moaned in orgasm. It was hard to tell who cummed first or who was moaning each time but both happen within a minute of each other and all the only sound that filled the air was that of relaxed slowing breath and satisfied exhaling.

When the breathing returned to a normal pace, Kyrin said, "Hand me that towel."

Instead of handing over a towel Master replied, "Don't worry about cleaning up - I think it's time to meet Seth. Seth come out and clean us both off, now."

I hesitated for a few seconds and Kyrin said, "Holy shit - he was in here the whole time." 

I didn't want to come out. Knowing that Master thought nothing about having sex with me in the room made me feel lower than a dog. It was as if my existence didn't even require the need for privacy. It made it clear that when he was with another equal, Master held me in low regard with little to no respect. 

"Yes," MJ replied laughing, then changing his tone said, "SETH! NOW!"

I slowly walked out of the closet and walked to the bathroom to get some warm wet cloths. When I came back out Master said to Kyrin, "He'll clean you off but I want to make sure you're OK with it."

"Umm, sure, why not," replied Kyrin, also laughing.

I got my first look at Kyrin, he was short, thin and smooth and wore thick glasses. He had blue eyes, light brown hair and very sensual lips. As I got closer I noticed a bit of an acne problem on his face but overall he was a pretty good looking guy. 

I avoided any eye contact as I approached Kyrin. He was lying still flat on his back with his knees up and feet close to his butt. There was a puddle of cum on his stomach and I passed the warm cloth over it picking up all the semen. I then used another warm cloth to wipe his asshole - being gentle just trying to get any leftover lube off. 

When finished with Kyrin, I carefully removed the cum filled condom from Master's dick. At this time they were both drinking water and talking. I used another warm cloth to clean off Master's dick then left the room to dispose of the condom and put the washcloths in the hamper. I then continued on to the kitchen - all the plates and glasses were left on the table with crumbs and one half eaten pizza bagel left. I cleaned up and then waited outside of the bedroom until they both fell asleep before going back in myself to sleep in the closet.

The shame had built up inside me making it difficult to fall asleep. I just listened to both of them breathing as I thought about the night. I wondered what Kyrin thoughts were about me - how little regard he'll have for me. I thought about how he looked down on me while I wiped his ass and cleaned cum off his stomach - yet was comfortable with me doing it. My thoughts then shifted to Master being in a long term relationship with him. How would this affect our relationship? I wasn't even through the training period yet but was faced with the possibility of having our relationship change.