 Journal entry December 1st.

Thursday evening. And Christmas looms closer. All the ads and shopping etc...Can't wait for it to be over. Bah-Humbug. Haha. This month actually turns out to be slow business wise. Quiet around the house. Will try and make plans with wifey this weekend. That lingerie store on Route 1? There was a movie she'd hinted at.

Closing off for now. Hoping for a nice, horny dream.

~~~

"Are you sure about this? Positive?"

"Oh yes."

They had met in an online, adult chat room. Cybering with Eric was truly awesome. Inventive descriptive, gay scenarios. Erotically teasing. Explicit and gritty. Both attaining orgasm. Eventually they exchanged photos, personal info and phone conversations. Eric arranged their initial meeting at a coffee house and the subsequent date at his home.

Oh yes. The simple phrase had that correct submissive tone. Often he'd become Master Eric online indulging in mild S&M. Standing in the luxurious parlor, I took in his awesome physique.

Curly flaming red hair surrounded a rugged, clean shaven face. Pearly white teeth. Cut-off blue tee shirt displaying muscular arms. Tight leather pants hugging his charms. Sandals.

"You're...umm...a hunk." I quipped, touching Eric's freckled skin.

"Thank you. Strip now." I blushed at the command, quickly complying and stood naked for his scrutiny.

"You have a nice, muscular body Don." He quietly stated, casually walking around me. Checking me out.

"Follow me please." We entered the adjoining, dimly lit room. Centered under the skylight was a sizable contraption that reminded me of a Nautilus machine. Eric firmly led me to the L-shaped padded chair. The seat itself was tiny with only enough room to support the back of my tush. My genitals were totally exposed, hung loosely like a Christmas ornament.

"Gonna truss you up now." I took short breaths, arms and legs were stretched out and backwards against other parts of this padded contraption. In several efficient seconds, wrists, biceps, ankles and thighs are firmly restrained using Velcro tabs. Eric smiled slipping a wide leather belt across my tummy, cinched tightly to the back support. Basically immobile and at his mercy I suddenly realize he's done this before.

"Just relax man. I'm not going to hurt you...much...only bring pleasure like you've never known." Eric's friendly, hazel eyes flashed.

He lightly kissed my forehead, ears and nose. Full manly lips closed tenderly against mine. Eric's warm hands caressed my temples, face and neck. Knowing fingers swirled around chest hairs and tweaked my pebble like nipples. His tactile, arousing massage moved slowly and deliberately across my torso. As he knelt, I lustfully stared at Eric's muscular biceps. His palm fondled my hairless scrotum.

"Mmm. I love shaved balls. So...lick-able." Reaching to the nearby cabinet, he pulled open a drawer. Eric held the purple, torpedo shaped anal probe for inspection. My tormentor smeared a dollop of gel around the smooth 3 inch item, gently moving the tip into my pucker.

"Don. Do you masturbate with something in your asshole?"

"S-sometimes."

"Ever had a real cock in there?" He inquired pushing the object in further, looking deep in my eyes.

"Yes."

"Mmm. Bet you liked that. Nice fat penis stretching you. Who was it?" The probe was fully inserted, a thin wire dangled between my open thighs.

"Um. Tom. My best friend...TOM!" I shivered. The invader came to life, vibrating wildly against the sensitive prostate gland. My prick quickly surged to a full erection.

"Ahh. Much better. Nice and tall." The whirring ceased temporarily. Eric worked me over, alternating between a soft massage and short quick slaps stimulating overheated epidermis and oversexed libido. More whirring deep inside. More...of everything. Perspiring and in desperate need of release, I began to plead.

"So soon? My big man ready to cum?" Eric husked, long fingers pulled the skin of my bulging hardon.

"P-please?"

"Not yet dude. I've got something extra special for you." From the mysterious shelf, he produced a small glass bottle with a cork stopper. The liquid contents were amber, small flecks of green floated within. Pouring a liberal amount onto his palms, Eric's eyes again studied mine.

"Just so you know, this is a concoction of Mediterranean olive oils and..." I hissed as Eric's oiled digits wrapped about my girth. "...herbs aphrodisiacal in nature. Make you swell."

My hips involuntarily jerked, stabbing into Eric's slow moving hand. Maddeningly slow. Relinquishing his touch, the skin of my penis cooled from a menthol rush followed by a warming. My glistening member throbbed.

"That. That feels...Ohh!"

"You know it man. I can see. Big and hard!" Hidden speakers crackled alive and a hushed conversation began in the background.

"My boyfriend Randy likes making secret audios of us. Enjoy. I'll be back." Eric smirked and left the room.

Aghast at his sudden departure, words caught in my tense, dry mouth. Leave me like this? Now? I heard the rustling of fabric. Clothes? Bed sheets? Wet smacking, slurping sounds. Sloppy kissing? Closing my eyes, I concentrated on the sinful noises. Heavy breathing. Simple phrases. Bite them, yes. Nipples? Mmm, lovely fat penis! Deep guttural moans. Gagging, owlggh...owlghh. Pleasurable sighs. Visions of passionate gay love flashed in a befuddled, oversexed brain.

Inner anal muscles contracted around the silent probe. Pre-cum oozed, a gossamer thread dangled and hung towards the floor. I've never been able to attain a hands-free orgasm but this was getting close to happening. Is this what Eric was attempting? Long minutes passed, the men continued to thrash.

And there he was in the doorway. Completely nude, hair slicked back. Eric's toned pecs adorned a masculine, hairy chest. Tight, flat tummy. His half-erect manhood sprouted from a forest of red pubes. His bloated mushroom head shiny with desire. My balls rolled at the stunning visual.

"Ooo. You're leaking. I like that." Eric moved closer, turned and bent at the waist flashing his oh-so-white derriere. Gripping nether cheeks, he lewdly pried them apart showcasing a lovely star shaped, light brown anus. Eric's full balls hung enticingly.

"Would you like to fuck me?"

"God yes!" I rasped. Picturing my blood engorged tip sinking into Eric's tunnel and cumming in seconds.

"Sorry. That'll be for my pleasure...later." Suddenly he was again kneeling between my legs, drizzling more oil onto sensitive genitals. I watched as in a trance. Eric's trance.

"Mmm. Love your pulsing cap. Red and angry. Fuck, you're gigantic Don. Like marble." Words infiltrating and captivating an inflamed ego. His index finger and thumb captured my scrotum, Eric's other hand contoured around my fleshy pole.

"Biggest penis I've ever seen," whispered, "Freaking huge! You've been such a good boy. Now...become your cock."

"W-what?" I stammered.

"Become your cock. Forget your extremities. Fit yourself inside the glans, yoga style. Concentrate on only your cock. Yes. Grow for me. More." Eric's oiled fingers slowly pulled, traversing the length of my erection. Up and down. Slow. Teasing. He gripped my nuts, tenderly squeezing and sending me over the edge.

The most powerful, mind-bending orgasm I've experienced consumed my soul. Huge dollops of cream erupted in mid-air. The anal probe squirted, landing unceremoniously onto the floor. I bellowed and screamed in delight.

"Nnnn! Ahhh! Ggg-ahh!" A monstrous tidal wave of ecstasy lapped at every nerve ending. I strained against the bonds, entering a world of sensational pleasure. Eric's hand rhythmically milked my hardon perfectly. 

"Fuck yeah. Oh fuck yeah. Give me your cum!" He urged.

I was pissing cum. Pinpricks of lights danced over eyelids. The feelings so intense, it felt multi-orgasmic. I drifted blissfully, nearly passing out. So spent that time lost meaning. I barely recognized the Velcro tabs released and slumped into his arms.

~~~

Eyelids fluttered open. On my back, what felt like a futon mattress, I stared up at Eric's manly chest. Impaled on my cock, he rose and fell, fucking with abandon. Ragged breathing. His face a contorted, twisted mask approaching orgasm. He grunted, moaning. Eric's wrist a blur. A rope of cum ejaculated, splashing warmly onto my stomach. Eric's sphincter squeezed lustfully. I twisted his nipples, eliciting more sighs at the peak of his pleasure. God, could I cum again?

Eric, I think I love you.

~To Be Continued~