 Ok, Badru thought, pulling away from the slave to catch a breath. He really had to stop kissing this man. And this was just kissing. He had long since dumped that wine skin and just pressed up himself against the still chained up slave. How long had he been doing this? An hour? He hoped not. He still had to hide the slave...

"Damn!" He cried, face palming hard. He'd completely forgotten why he'd come here to begin with. How stupid of him to get so distracted. And by a mere slave too. He turned back to the man, who stared at me, obviously confused by his actions. Badru glowered at him. "This is all your fault!" He complained, standing up and crossing his arms over his chest petulantly. "If you were not so handsome and well muscled, I could have focused more on my original task. Then again, I wouldn't have even picked you had you not been so delectable to look at." As he pondered this, he heard the sound of the chains rattling and clanking. Badru would have ignored this but soon found himself surrounded by warmth and pushed onto the floor.

He struggled to see that had happened and was shocked to see the slave on top of him, effectively pinning him to the ground. He would have fought but those eyes, those emerald eyes that made his heart race, pinned him to the spot. Oh, how they gleamed in the darkened chamber. It was like they were the sole source of light. Actually, Badru might have been going crazy because he could swear those eyes were actually glowing. But before he could pursue the thought, someone spoke.

"Aiden." Badru looked around, unsure where the words came from. The slave took his chin in hand and turned it to face him. "Aiden." He repeated, staring hard at Badru. The young prince shivered. Even the man's voice was seductive. So deep and melodious. It reminded him of a dog's growl somewhat. How fitting.

"Aiden." Badru echoed, running his hand over the slave's cheek. His face was gritty from the sand and grimy from all the dusk yet Badru had never more handsome man than at that moment there. Seriously though, was his eyes glowing? They kind of looked to be but it was hard to focus when those eyes gazed at him. It was kind of scary.

The slave smiled, showing off his surprisingly white teeth. Strange. Rarely did one see foreigners with such nice teeth. The fools seemed to revel in their uncleanliness. It was nice to see someone smart enough to at least try to stay clean. He then started talking again. Badru had no clue what he was saying but it sounded like he was asking a question. Or giving an order. He couldn't be sure since the words were foreign.

Put out by this, Badru placed his fingers against the man's lips and smiled up at him. "Quiet now, Aiden." He said, taking in every detail of the mans face even in the somewhat darkened room. "Now that I think of it, you don't know my name do you? Well, you should know your masters name, I think. It's only proper, right?" He asked, staring up at Aiden, who stared at him confused. He laid a hand on his bare chest, which drew the bigger man's eyes before they rose up again. "Badru. Prince Badru." He said, slowly.

"Badru." He repeated, watching as Badru shivered. Hearing his name with that foreign accent was a seduction in itself. His name shouldn't sound like that, like a intimate touch. Badru looked away, bothered by his reaction. "Badru!" He growled, gaining the princes attention once more. The slave moved in for a kiss and Badru didn't try to avoid it.

It was much different from before, when Badru had been the one leading it. This time, Aiden, a man who clearly had more experience with kissing, was in charge. And he was barely letting Badru breath with how little he withdrew. Coupled with the fact that Aiden used those firm hands of his to caress and massage every part of Badru's body he could touch, and the young prince was soon lost. Soon, the princes mind started to wander, being lead about by this man's expert touch and warm body. Aiden wrapped his arms under Badru and pulled him even closer, like he wanted them to be one. Badru lifted his leg onto Aiden's hip, wanting to get closer to this man, wanting to be touched more and more by him.

Badru moaned as he pressed and pressed his urgent erection against the Aiden's leg, wanting to come so badly, he no longer cared how disgraceful he was acting. Surely, a prince like himself was allowed to let go every once in a while. Aiden seemed to share this thought, since he moved away a bit to move his clothes out the way to get to it. Badru's clothes was a bit different from his family's. Theirs was finer than his, made of silks and other deliate fabrics, but his lasted longer, something he took great pride in before. But at that moment, he wanted nothing more than to tear the things to shreds just so that he could be touched.

He got his wish seconds later, when he finally felt that first touch of Aiden's hand on his sensitive cock. He shuddered hard and he let out a small cry. The sensation was so much different than the touch of his harem. While their hands were smooth and soft from the oils made available to them, Aiden's hands were callused and rough, creating an interestingly and new kind of friction.

He moaned and squirmed as Aiden continued to rub and squeeze his cock, watching Badru's face. He knew this because he too was watching the man above him. To see such stark desire was a bit embarrassing, yet he couldn't figure out how to look away so he hid his face in Aiden's shoulder as his strokes grew more determined to get a reaction out of the prince. 

Badru felt his climax rushing through him like a storm. He clawed at Aiden's back as he tried to prepare himself for the impact. From what he was feeling, he might end up screaming. Yet despite all the buildup, he was stuck on the edge of fulfillment, toeing the line of ecstasy.

"Aiden!" He cried, begging, pleading for him to finish him off before he went crazy. He hadn't realized he was moaning so loud until her heard his guards rush in, obviously concerned. They shouted something but Badru was too dazed and desperate to hear them clearly. All he knew was that Aiden had covered his body, head to toe, as if shielding him from their gaze and growled at them. Badru was pressed up tight against Aiden, feeling the rumble of his growl, the beating of his heart and the heat of his skin. Something about all that seemed to push him over the edge.

***************************************************

Aiden shielded his young companion from the eyes of those armed men who had intruded on them. There was no way he was going to let them witness the ecstasy on the young man's face. It was too beautiful a sight to share with anyone. Not that the boy was by any means unpleasing to the eye outside this moment.

Aiden had to admit though, he usually avoided being sexual with men, especially younger men. They weren't generally his type. He knew others who preferred the company of the same sex but he was only into women. At least, he was before meeting this foreigner. The young man, Badru, was awe inspiring. He was a beauty, with his deeply tanned skin, his exotic eyes that entrapped him, even his hair, black as night, was something to admire. How it was that such a delectable tart remained untouched was a marvel? And he had to be untouched. No experienced man reacted to a kiss like that.

Just as he was remembering that kiss and growing hard at the thought, he was shouted at by the armed men. They spoke in that strange language of those of the sand. Aiden had never learned the language, since he figured he'd never steer that far from home. His mistake. He supposed he'd just have to kill these men and get the two of them out of there himself.

He had readied himself to attack just when he felt Badru push him away. He stopped the young man from revealing himself but was rewarded with a hard bite on the arm. Aiden pulled away. Cheeky little-! He thought, moving away as the boy fixed himself. He spoke to the men in a calm even voice the belayed the fact that he had been lying in a pool of orgasmic bliss just moments before.

The men put their weapons down and knelt down to the ground before him. Aiden recalled how everyone had done the same on the way here. Was he a king? A Prince? He guessed the latter since he was so ridiculously young. Even though the rumors he'd heard of the great kingdom of sand were scathing at times, surely an awesome kingdom like this one wouldn't have a young man in charged.

Badru turned to him and kept talking. Aiden despite not knowing what was being said, had to stop himself from grabbing the boy again. Such words should not sound so sexy. Yet they did. The only thing that was more appealing was the way Badru said his name. His litting accent made his name sound like a seduction. 

Badru reached for the collar around his neck. Aiden hoped the boy would take it off. He hated that he was trapped by such flimsy looking metal. The fact that he was apparently trapped by the offending object infuriated him to no end. Surely, this boy would release him after realizing how good they were together.

But that didn't happen. Whatever the boy did, sent a rush of energy through the metal, forcing his body into stiffness. As Aiden struggled to escape from this paralysis, Badru slipped from under him and, straightened himself up. Aiden couldn't even lift his head. What was happening?!

"Aiden." Badru said, his accented voice sending a rush of lust through him even as frustration built up in him. "You should be able to understand me now so I will tell you this." Before Aiden could ponder why he understood the young princes words, despite knowing that he still spoke in another language, he was struck across the face. Badru knelt down and forced Aiden head up so they were face to face. The prince had a different expression than before. He didn't look love stuck or even horny. He looked livid, like Aiden had done something wrong.

"You are not to touch me without permission again." He said, his tone much less accommodating than before. "I am your master and you are to do as I say. Not what you want. Are we clear, slave?"

*****************************************************************

Badru could not believe this! How could he let a mere slave control him like that? He was a prince! A descendant of the gods and he'd let a slave touch and bring him to climax without his say so? This is what happened when he tried to meet lower class people half way, they got cocky. He was fuming with anger at the slaves audacity. Really, he was tempted to just let the slave be taken away. 

As he stared at the slave, obviously confused at his outburst and strike against him, Badru got an idea. He stood up. "Stand." He ordered. The slave stood, his body trembling from the effort to disobey. Badru smiled. So it turned out that the slave traders words were true. The collar and manacles truly did force the slave to his masters will.

Badru licked the blood off his fingers. He was glad he'd actually decided to listen when the traders explained how the metals worked. Apparently, if someone drips their blood onto the jem on the color, that person becomes the imprisoned persons master. It was a good thing Aiden let him to that. He would have attacked him had he known what Badru had done. Not that he wouldn't have good reason to be mad.

He shook his head. He had to remember that Aiden was not a person. He was a slave and his slave. He had to punish him. Aiden stood there, watching Badru warily. Actually, despite the pure rage in his eyes, Badru noted the prominent erection tenting his loin clothe. Badru bit the inside of his cheek at the size and girth of the cock. 

Oh how he wanted to touch it. Under his gaze, it twitch, almost revealing itself but remaining hidden. He looked up and noted the smug arrogance in the slaves eyes. He saw Badru's reaction. Answering back with a smirk of his own, Badru turned toward the guards, stilling kneeling at his feet. They had yet to lift their head.

"Men." He cooed, drawing the attention of every man in the small room. Badru leaned against the wall and played with his hair, pushing it back gazing at them with lust filled eyes. Both men flinched, reacting to their princes posture while Aiden growled something in that sexy foreign tongue. Badru made a mental note to teach the slave his language. What was the point of having a slave tormented by lust without hearing them beg? 

One of the men swallowed loudly, following the movements of his princes other hand, which slid from his shoulder, down his chest until it reached his covered but obvious erection. "Y-yes, my prince?" He stammered, squirming.

Badru pouted. "I seem to be in need of someone." He sighed, moving the fabric away from his twitching erection. "Relieve me. Now." Aiden shouted something, angry and obviously not pleased. He moved to stop them but was stopped by Badru and his order. "You are not to move from that spot, slave." He said, his tone still husky with unfulfilled lust. He cried out as one of the men reached out and touched the tip of his cock. It twitched and dripped with precum. 

"T-touch it more!" He ordered, watching the men do exactly that. He wasn't sure how, but the two somehow worked together to caress and tease their prince. Were they together? They must have been since between their licks and kisses, they touched each other tentatively. Badru almost missed it but these two were definitely doing this kind of thing often. An interesting fact to know.

A snarl echoed throughout the room, not the guards noticed. Badru looked over, watching the pure rage flood the slaves face. If looks could kill, the two men at the princes feet would be dead and burned. For some reason, looking at Aiden made him more lustful.

He cried out when someone bite his upper thigh. He shook rush of pleasure racing though him. They had stopped sucking on his cock and were now teasing him. Bastards! They knew just how to arouse a man. He had to start calling on these two more often. They were too good.

One of the guards brought his cock back into the warm depths of his mouth and pleasured him. Badru grabbed the mans head and thrust, not wanting him to pull away. He openly moaned, not caring since his only goal was to climax in front of those emerald eyes. Just the thought of Aiden, watching him be touched and satisfied by someone else, pushed over the edge. He almost screamed as stars danced in his eyes. He wasn't sure if the guard was forced to swallow his royal seed nor did he care if he did. All he knew was that he had never come so hard before from a simple act of fellatio. Surely, that was too intense.

Seconds, perhaps minutes later, Badru's eyes fluttered open, despite not noticing his eyes closed in the first place. The two guards were gone from the room and the prince sat against the wall, his legs sprawled open. He saw that his cock was still spitting out little spurts of cum. He pushed his hair off his sweaty face and looked over to see the slave watching him, his expression furious and strangely determined. He could swear the man was silently promising retribution for this. That this was the last time anyone else was to touch him.

Badru smirked at this thought. Surely he was over thinking it. Something he never he did while being pleasured. He was starting to see why father always punished his slaves. Did they all start out this way? He'd have to fix that then. Maybe it'd even be a bit fun.

On shaky legs, he stood up and went over to the slave. They stared at each other, both of them confident but obviously different.

"I hope you have learned something from all this, slave." He said, his voice a bit husky from his moans. Aiden visibly shuttered. Badru smirked. He still affected the man. "I chose who touches me, not you."

Aiden argued this, or at least, Badru assumed he did since his response was fierce and his name was mentioned a bunch of times. The prince scowled at the audacity of his slave. How dare he say his given name so casually. Again, he only assumed this since the only thing he could understand was his name. He turned away as Aiden seemed to call after him. He knelt down and picked up a whip that was dropped by one of the guards.

He snapped it, drawing the slaves attention and effectively silencing him. "Do not think that just because I did one nice thing for you, that I am a lenient master. I am not." He stated, walking over, snapping the whip again. "Now, unless you want me to start off our time together with pain and blood, you will follow me and act like a good slave." He said, tying the end of the whip to the slaves collar.

He moved back, frowning. It wasn't enough. He had to punish the slave. He was still too damn arrogant looking. A man in chains and branded a slave shouldn't stand proud and determined. He'd fix that.

"On the ground." He ordered, the slaves body moving to follow his command. Soon the large man was sitting down, glowering at him. Badru mirrored his scowl. Still too arrogant. He tugged on the whip, watching the man wince. "I want you on all fours. Clearly, you seem to think of yourself as more than a slave. I will show you what you are."

On all fours, the slave was still huge. He came up to Badru's thighs and the sight of him so close to his cock was not helping his lust. Damn it, he had already cum, there was no reason to get this again. Shaking this off, Badru paced, trying to think of a way to humiliate this slave so he acted accordingly. After some time, he grew impatient with his lack of ideas. And the slaves muttering didn't help. Honestly, Badru was getting annoyed by that unknown language. As appealing as it was, it was not good for there to be a language his slave speaks that he can't. As such, it would seem he'd have to teach him Egyptian.

Badru frowned at the thought, trouncing down onto Aiden's back. The slave grunted, a bit shocked but not really troubled by it. He said something, almost like a question but Badru hushed him.

"Do be quiet, Aiden." He ordered, shutting the larger man up. "I am trying to think of a good solution. I do not like you using words I cannot understand so I must have you learn my language but I am no good at such trivial things." He frowned leaning forward and resting his chin on his palms.

So many issues to tackle. Teaching this man to speak a civilized tongue and somehow keeping him at the same time. He sighed. This was way too much work. How had his life gotten so complicated between this morning and now? He couldn't even remember what his original plan was to begin with. This was not his forte. Manu was the planer of fine details. Badru was more of a big picture kind of man.

So, time to think big picture. He thought, jumping up happily.

"I've got it!" He said, strolling around the still kneeling slave. "I'll make you my personal slave and show Manu that you are completely harmless." He cried. He turned to see the slave raising an eyebrow at him. Clearly, he was dubious. "Oh, hush, you. No one asked for your opinion. Now stand up and follow me, slave." He ordered, tugging on the whip still wrapped around the mans collar.

Each tug gained a small growl from the towering man but Badru felt no fear as he dragged the slave down the hall and to his wing. In fact, he mostly got envious glances from others. Woman stopped and stared, clearly wanting a piece of the fine specimen before them. Some even tried to reach for him before thinking better of it. 

Badru refused to feel happy about that, though he knew he puffed up like a peacock at all the gazes. Though the slave was his, he wasn't sure such feelings were right for a master. As Badru walked the outer halls, he noticed how the sun was setting, though still somewhat high in the sky. 

"Oh good. That means I'll have time to wash you." He said, smiling back at the glowering slave. "You are quite a sight but gods, do you smell. I realize it's my fault you are still dirty but I will not allow a man in such a state to stay in my room smelling like death roasting under the sun."
