 Badru walked down the stairs that lead to the hall of murals. He had been told his father and brother were down there but Badru couldn't figure out why would be the case. The hall was incredibly dark at night and the torches lit weren't much help to see. Then again, his father was a man who did things for his own reasons. Rarely did the man actually explain himself.

As he traveled through the darkened hall, Badru stared up at the few murals he could see in the limited torch light. He smiled, running a hand over one. It had been so long since he'd been down here. He used to play here a lot as a child, talking to the figures permanently engraved on the stones. He had a lot of good memories of this place. In fact, he recalled correctly, this hall was where he and Manu first met more than a decade ago. 

Badru let out a short chuckle, thinking back on those good times just before he heard someone talking. Curious, Badru crept closer toward the noise and soon found his brother and father talking.

Well, more like a one-sided argument.

"Why do you remain silent, Manu?" Their father, the pharaoh, demanded, scowling at Manu, who remained silent. The pharaoh, dressed surprisingly plain this evening, paced the floor. Manu stood before him, his head tilted downward with his hands behind his back. The stance made him look like a child being scolded.

Badru would have chuckled at the display if he didn't know that Manu hated being scolded. He was very sensitive.

"Father!" Badru called out, drawing both the men's gaze. Father looked to be surprised but not as much as Manu did. The man looked like he hadn't even expected Badru to show up at all. Strange, considering he was told that both of them had been summoned. Maybe father hadn't told him yet.

"Badru, my boy." The eldest man exclaimed, grinning. He strolled past Manu and pulled Badru in to a warm embrace. Badru froze for only a second before hugging him back. It was only at times like this that the two could hug. In public, whenever they greeted each other, it was very formal. "How delightful it is for you to join us. What brings you down here this late?"

"Good evening, father." He replied respectfully. He frowned at his father question though. "What are you talking about? Did you not summon both of us?" He asked, confused.

Badru watched his father shake his head. "No, I only called for Manu this evening." He stated, folding his arms across his chest. "Did someone tell you otherwise?

Badru thought back to when he was told to come down here. It was Fathers aid that told him to come down. Was he lying? He could be. Badru wouldn't put it past him. The man was an ass and hated Badru. It wouldn't be a stretch to say that the man had told a lie but... Would a man as smart as him do something so stupid? He could have sent anyone else to give the message without getting involved so why?

"Yes." He replied, knowing he couldn't just remain silent forever. "But I-"

"I see." He father interrupted, drawing Badru's full attention once more. "I suppose you were told false information then. Fine then!" He snapped. "Later, we shall go out and punish those who misinformed you. I can't have our servants spreading false information to royalty like this."

Badru flinched at the man's tone. Its not that he felt any pity for the man. One should expect some kind of punishment when they fail at their task. To be punished was to learn from your mistakes physically. Yet the way father spoke, it sounded less like a royal duty and more like a pleasant pastime. That alone scared Badru. Father did sometimes have a bit of a vengeful streak when it came to his possessions. 

A bit frightened by the joy on his fathers face, Badru tried to reason with the man. "F-father, you don-"

"Your Majesty!" Manu interrupted, walking forward. "I do not think that would be wise." He stated, looking much more dignified than before. Badru guessed he was feeling less hurt now.

Father glowered at Manu, both of whom were taller than Badru by at least foot. "Manu, you are a dear son to me but do not presume to tell me what is wise and what is not." He commanded. "I will not forgive such insolence."

Manu turned to Badru, giving him a strange unreadable expression before turning back to their father. He knelt down on one knee and bowed his head. "Then Your majesty, I beg that you forgive me for my rudeness this time, for I feel I must correct you on this matter."

"Must correct me?" He repeated, glaring down at Manu. "Are you saying that I am becoming forgetful in my old age?!" He growled, grabbing Manu by the hair and tugging hard. Badru flinched in sympathy. Manu flinched as well, but otherwise showed no reaction.

"Forgive me, your majesty but yes, you are mistaken." He stated, clenching both his teeth and his fists. It must have taken a lot of will not to resist or fight his fathers hold. But to anything like that was a grave crime and was punishable by death. No child, not matter the age, was allowed to harm or question their father or mother.

Scared for his brother, Badru tried to interject. "F-father-"

"Do not interfere, Badru, or else you shall be punished as well." That silence Badru, though he still glowered at his father from under his lowered lashes. 

"Please, understand, your majesty, that this slip in your memory was not due to anything other than myself." He stated, closing his eyes. 

"Pardon?" Father questioned, curious.

"You did call us both down." He said. "When I arrived first, you started asking me about the gifts left for the harem girls and the original reason for our summons was forgotten in the process." Manu explained, looking up at his father apologetically. 

Father stared at Manu for a long time, for what almost felt like an hour. As time flowed by, Father and Manu never once looked away from each other. Whether it was out of pride or a desire to prove he was lying, Badru couldn't tell. But just as the exchange got a bit bothersome, in that Badru saw this going on way too long, Father nodded.

"This is true." He agreed, letting go of Manu's hair. Manu reached up to rub his head but stopped midway and let his hand fall. Father wasn't finished. "If not for your stubborn streak, I would not have forgotten such important news. For shame, Manu." He admonished, shaking his head at them. He then started walking away, practically dismissing them both.

Badru scowled at Father but knelt down beside Manu, resting a hand on his shoulder. Father was being an ass again. Shocker. He thought, rolling his eyes. Father always tried to blame others for his failings. If a strategy that he proposed failed, he blamed the general for not doing it 'correctly'. If the food he demanded and knew he disliked tasted bad, he blamed the cooks for not making taste better. Nothing was ever his fathers fault. Deciding to ignore this, Badru reached out to stroked Manu's head but was met with a frightening glare. While he remained where he was, he did move his hand away

"M-Manu, what is the matter?" He asked quietly, confused. "I know you have to remain strong in front of father but-"

"I am quite irritated with you right now," He interrupted, pushing Badru away and standing up. "So I would rather not talk to you right now." He stormed off after their father, irratation radiating off him in waves. Badru stared at the back of his brother in confusion. What could he have done to anger him so much. Was it the argument they had today? Before he could ponder this any further, Fathers voice rang out

"Badru, get over here." He ordered from the darkness. "I still have something to tell you both.

At that point, Badru didn't want to listen to anything else the man had to say. Father could be a bastard when his leadership skills were anything other than exceptional. Rumor had it that when his father was young, he was seen as brash and incompetent, not that anyone said as such to his face. The man had a lot of pride. Too much in fact. Many figured that age would either fix that pride or expand it. Apparently, the pride had expanded.

Annoyed and tired, Badru decided not to even bother trying to think about this. It was just a waste of time after all.

************************

Badru arrived just in time to hear father say "You are truly testing my patience, boy." Manu stared at the ground, just like before and said nothing. Not wanting things to get out of hand again, Badru interjected. 

"Father, what is it that is making you so angry? What did Manu do?" He asked, standing beside Manu.

"He refuses to explain himself." Father answered, scowling. At Badru's confused expression, he continued. "Servants have been noticing strange items being left in front of my harems chambers. Incense, fruits and the like. No one knew who was leaving the items or why until someone spotted Manu leaving some rose water there." Father glowered at Manu. "Manu refuses to explain his actions though."

Badru watched the two, wanting to sigh. Was that all this was about? That? Badru rolled his eyes. How boring. He stepped forward and smiled. "Father, if that was what this was about I can explain that." He stated, drawing both men's gaze. Manu looked suspicious but Badru reassured him with a smile. 

"You can?" He asked, curious. Badru nodded. "Then do so now." 

"Manu was just trying to woo your women, father." He explained. "Men give gifts to those they wish to sleep with. Since the women were yours, I imagine he didn't want offend you by asking directly. That's all."

Father frowned at this. He turned to Manu. "Is this true?" Manu nodded after a moment. "I see... You did not have to go through such troubles, son. If you wanted one of them, all you had to do was take one. I am quite generous."

Manu said nothing but Badru knew his brother was far from happy. Manu was strange in that he had an almost worship level or respect for women. Hearing his father say that must have grated on him a lot. To save him from hearing anything more, Badru spoke out.

"Ah, father! You were saying before that you had something important to say?" He reminded him. The man nodded and turned to the wall of murals.

"I just wanted to inform you both that your brother, Akil, will be returning home soon." He stated, With his back turned, he missed the expression of pure disgust on Manu's face. He recovered fast but his eyes burned with rage at the thought of their eldest brother. Not surprising considering who Akil was.

Akil was a strange man. At the age of 20, the man had conquered a city with a single army of 500 men and gained enough infamy to become known as the Bloody Sand Serpent. Even Manu wasn't close in victories as Akil. He later married a foreign princess to secure a reliable trade partner and neither of them had seen him since. The strange part about him was his personality. He was quite loud and creepy. He was very affectionate toward Badru and Manu, especially Manu. The two would always fight whenever they met and by fight, Badru might that Manu tried to kill Akil dozens of times but was always defeated. Badru always tried to be present during theses fights since Akil always stared at Manu with a strange unbrotherly look of adoration. He feared that he had failed in that attempt many times.

"I see." Manu grumbled, clenching his fists behind his back. "I would have imagined that he would stay with his wife. Is she not with child now?" 

Father waved it off. "Oh, I am sure she would be fine." He said. "Akil told me that he was tired of dealing with her constant nagging and wished to visit us. That is something a woman should understand, is it not?"

Manu nodded, though he knew Father couldn't see him. Badru wanted to rest a hand on Manu's shoulder but he knew his brother would not appreciate it so he stayed where he was. After some comment about how wives should understand a mans need to get away, Father walked off, dismissing them. Apparently, Father no longer cared since the message was delivered. He could have had anyone else tell them this. Then again, he did want to interrogate Manu about the gifts so it was probably just killing two birds with one stone by informing them himself.

Left alone, Badru and Manu stood side by side. Manu was still seething with anger so Badru turned to leave. Just as he was making some distance, he was pulled to a stop by Manu, who stared at Badru like he had personally spit in his face.

"Manu?"

"Can I trust you, Badru?" He asked, his expression blank. Badru grimaced. Oh great, he thought. Manu is still in big brother mode.

Badru cocked a hip and rested a hand on it as he stared back at Manu. "Of course you can." He replied, a bit offended by the silent accusation. "You know I wouldn't betray you to anyone. You are my favorite brother." He said affectionately.

Manu suddenly, pulled Badru into a darkened corner and pushed him against a pillar. As he tried to catch the breath that had been knocked out of him, Manu put his hand around Badru's neck and squeezed.

Manu's moon grey eyes glowed with anger in the darkness. "Then explain to me why you continue to invite that monster into our home." He snarled.