 Years ago I started going to the cinema on my own, not because I didn't have the friends or dates to go with, more that I got to choose what I wanted, when I wanted and didn't have to think about arranging anything. Little did I know how this might pay off.

Working for myself, I have a pretty flexible schedule and, when I've finished a project or can take a break, I might go to the cinema on a weekday afternoon. This means I always get to see the film I want, I generally get the seat I like and there's rarely a queue of any sort. I checked through the listings and saw some action flick that looked good and went to the mall. The shops didn't look too busy but, as I wandered towards the cinema, I found myself checking people out.

I'm not bothered whether they're male or female, but a cute ass always attracts my eyes. I like to see what's about and I often am amused by the fact that pretty much all the adults, of all ages, have clothes on in these places but at some point has got down and dirty with someone else. I love it. It also makes me a little horny to think about it but that's part of the fun.

As I reach the cinema, I notice that there's not a lot of people around, a couple of tired looking mums with their kids and an older couple. There's one other person there buying a ticket.

He's about 5'9'', I'd say early 20's, with short, neat, brown hair. Dressed in jeans and a shirt, he looks, well, quite buff under his clothes. Not super muscly, not too skinny, just right. Clean cut and seemingly on his own.

I get my ticket and some popcorn and give my ticket to the bored girl to check. Wandering into the broad corridor with screens off either side, I see the lad standing near the entrance to the film I am going to watch. I know we're a little early so they clearly are cleaning the theater. The mums and wrinklies are nowhere to be seen so I surmise their movies must be on other screens.

I stroll over and stand near the door. He's looking at posters for upcoming films and glances at me. I smile briefly and he responds with a half smile. Up to this point I hadn't really thought about what might be but then I started to wonder. I'm 42, 6'3'' and work out regularly so keep in shape. Clean shaven, prefer jeans to suits but like to be smart so try and remain presentable. I also love sex with either gender but don't really hunt voraciously, just enjoy opportunities when they arise.

I checked him out a bit more thoroughly. He's standing half turned towards me so I see his profile. Firm jaw, clean skin, glowing with youth and health. He's got a strong set of shoulders and this tapers into a slim waist. His sleeves on his shirt are rolled up and you can see taut, smooth skin and one of his hands holding a drink. His jeans fit well and the curve of his ass accentuates his healthy outlook. I like.

He glances back towards me. I hope I'm not staring but cover it with another, cautious smile. He smiles a bit back and me and holds my gaze for just a little longer. As his eyes drop, I notice they trail down my body quickly before looking away. 

This could be interesting.

The cinema staff member comes out of the screen and tells us that it's good to go. I hang back as the lad walks in. This gives me a chance to check out his ass as I follow him. This isn't a big screen so there are about 15 rows. It's one of those ones with reclining armchairs, comfortable and plenty of space to stretch out.

He walks up the steps to the back row and I follow. As he steps into the back row, he glances back at me. I smile as if to say, what are the chances of such a coincidence and he keeps on moving. He stops under the projector beam and sits down.

I walk towards him and he looks up at me briefly. Again, a half smile from me but as I move past him, I brush his leg with mine. No apology is offered and I sit down next to him. 

This time I look at him directly and smile again, whereupon he smiles back. I offer him some popcorn and he looks a bit surprised, but takes some and smiles more broadly. As I offer it to him, I press the reclining button and feel the seat drop back. He laughs and does the same so we're pretty soon lying next to each other, feet up and very comfortable.

I decide not to say anything and soon the lights dim, leaving just us in the theater. We continue to share the popcorn but each time I offer it to him, I move it closer to me so he has to reach more. The film starts and pretty soon the popcorn is finished and I place the carton on the floor next to me. I look at him and shrug, as if to say, that's it, all gone. He pretends to look disappointed and we laugh.

I carry on looking at him and he's not breaking the gaze so I reach for his hand and place it on my leg. I feel my breath catch in my throat as I feel his hand almost freeze on my thigh. I worry that I've done the wrong thing so I look away, back at the screen. Then I feel him start to move his hand up my leg. I can feel my cock steadily stiffening in my pants.

I'm pretending to watch the film as I feel his hand come up towards my crotch. As the edge of his little finger reaches the top of my leg, I inhale sharply. This is obviously a sign for him as he reaches over with his other hand and cups my balls. By now I'm rock hard in my trousers and, as I feel his hand reach up and trace my cock through the cloth, I can't help but thrust my hips slightly forward and lean back more into the seat.

He is stroking my balls with one hand and the other reaches to my zipper, lowering it to release my stiff cock. I reach over and start to caress his shoulders. As he gently takes my cock out, he looks down at it and leans in. 

Our seats are like armchairs so there are some big armrests between each one. Whilst useful for resting candy or drinks, these don't help with what he wants to do.

So the brave lad scoots out of his chair, pulls my legs apart quite swiftly and kneels between my knees. One glance up at me and he quickly lowers his head.

I feel his soft, succulent lips around the tip of my cock and then he moves his head lower, taking me all in. I groan softly as he does this, He's pushing further down and I sense his slight reflex as I hit the back of his throat. I feel his nose against my groin and my eyes flutter with ecstasy.

He pulls back, enough to wrap his hand around the base of my cock, and starts to bob his head. Now I don't know what he's doing that makes this so good but it feels amazing. Every time his head moves up and down, I get sparks of pleasure running through my body and I know this isn't going to take long. I start matching his pace with my hips and relish the thought of this young buck doing his best to make me feel fantastic.

His mouth feels incredible and his hand, jerking me at the same time, is bringing things to a peak pretty swiftly. I cannot for the life of me register what's on the screen as jolts of rapture flow through me and I feel my orgasm building. 

I run my hands through his hair and it's so soft and clean that I can't hold back. My balls are tingling and I'm thrusting up towards this gorgeous creature when I start to come. I feel my cock twitch furiously as spurts leave me, deep in his mouth. He doesn't stop, clamped to me as I empty myself into him. Wary of where we are, I've managed to keep pretty quiet until this point but I can't help letting out a very satisfied, deep sigh that's really quite loud.

As my cock starts to soften, he keeps it in his mouth, softly holding it and taking the last drops of my pleasure. Then he gently takes it out and lays it back in my crotch, before offering me a half smile and getting up to return to his seat.

To this day I cannot even remember the name of the movie but meeting that delightful creature set me off on a wondrous adventure for the next year until he finished uni and returned home.