 Chapter 01:

Matt Seeks Help Coming Out

On the surface Matt and Brad seemed an unlikely pair of gay lovers. Born into different worlds, one very wealthy, and the other middle class. They met on the job and found common ground in their love for each other. This is their story. 

Matt was the rich kid, the son of a wealthy industrialist and his show girl mother. Brad's family was the victim of industries moving wherever they found cheaper labor. They scrapped by pay check to pay check. That had every right to be bitter, but lived happily knowing there were a lot of out of work and homeless people in a lot worse shape.

Matt's father met his wife in Las Vegas. Mark, 30 at the time, was smitten with Katrina, 19, the first time she saw her.

Katrina was a beautiful brunette with the gorgeous legs. One of the more popular Vegas show girls, she stood 5'9" and packed 110 lbs into a 38" 22" 36" body. 

Matt fell for her hard, the age difference be damned. 

He sent the cancan girl notes after her show for a solid week. Finally her interest peeked and she asked the club bouncer to check him out. 

"From the thousand dollars suit and his platinum American Express card, he appears to be very wealthy and smart," the bouncer told Katrina "He is also very shrewd. He knew what I was up to immediately. He said to tell you his interest was sincere not sexual."

Katrina sat down with Mark.

"Very nice to finally meet you Miss -----?"

"Katrina, nice to meet you ------?

"Mark." 

"So what brings you to Sin City?" Katrina asked. "Something tells me it is not to hit up on some show girls."

"Actually," he said, "I'm buying this place."

Katrina's jaw dropped. Her thoughts raced and it was a couple of long moments before she regained her composure. 

"If you are telling me the truth, what possible interest could you have in me? I'm just a show girl trying to make a living and avoiding my ex."

"Please Katrina my interest is sincere." Mark pleaded. "At least have dinner with me. Maybe you will find that we are not all that different. What about your ex?" he sincerely asked.

"It's the same old story. A Florida girl starts out for Hollywood to become a big star. Runs out of money and ends up here, broke and desperate." she went on, tears forming in her eyes.

"I can guess the rest," Mark said softly placing his right hand on her wrist. "You find a want add. It says something like: 'Local club looking for dancers. Good looks and body to match. Call 702 whatever,' right?" 

"God, Mark you really know the sordid side of Vegas! You are so right. Turns out the quote, club, unquote is a strip joint. I become embarrassed wearing a bikini to the beach! Needless to say, I did not like the work. But I liked starving even less. I hustled dances and served drinks. When I refused to a lap dance I was fired." 

"A girl has her standards." Mark joked. They laughed together.

"One of my steady customers, a guy I actually liked, pressured the club owner to give him my phone number. To make a long story short we dated a couple of months, got married Vegas style by an Elvis impersonator. Stan was kind at first and helped me find this job. One night the dumb ass showed up with an escort. Drunk out of his mind, he yelled "Hey Kitty, that's my wife on stage." 

"You should have seen the look on his face when Kitty called him a creep and slapped the crap out of him. She came up to me and placed a thousand dollars in my hand. She told me I needed it more than her. 

"It paid for my divorce and taught me very hard lesson."

"Never trust any man?"

"Partially right. I am the eternal optimist and know there is some good man out there. My girlfriend says right but they are all gay." 

"Trust me Katrina, I can be a nice guy and I am most assuredly not gay. Would you tell your life story to a total stranger if there wee not a glimmer of trust hidden deep in your soul."

Katrina nodded in the affirmative.

"I wonder if you know what it means for me to meet an honest sincere hold nothing back woman. I don't have time to play the games that most women play, never knowing what's really on their minds, always guessing wrong. Make you a deal. It is gong to take about a month to warp up this deal. I think by that time we will either hate one another or fall in love. If it is love I will give you the marriage ceremony you deserve. 

"I know this is not the way you thought you would get to Hollywood. But......."

"Stop Mark. It's a deal." Katrina agreed. "By the way you seem too young to be so wealthy. How did you do it away?"

"Tell me if have heard the old saying: 'I made my money the old fashion way I inherited it.' Funny, yes. But also true."

"I don't believe you. You seem smart enough to make it on your own," Katrina rebuffed. .

"It is really a sad story. My father worked his tail off developing the business and groomed me to eventually take over when he retired. He never made it. A passed from massive heat attack at age 50. I inherited 75% of the business, my mom got 25%. I was 25 years old and scared to death. The managing director was my dad's best friend and agreed to show me the ropes. The first thing we did was to call in all the management personnel and assure them things would not change and as long as they continued to do good work they and their employees would be secure." 

"Just how many businesses did he control" Katrina asked. 

"There were 25 separate holdings at the time. This hotel casino will bring the number to 30. There are about five or six more acquisitions n the works."

MATT'S YOUTH

Mark and Katrina married six months later. Shortly after their second anniversary she gave birth to Matthew. Of course everyone except his mother called him Matt.

Matt did not have a lot of friends. He was schooled by private tutors. He proved a dedicated student with a flair for business, which pleased his father. "One of these days you will start off running one of our business interests. When I retire it will all belong to you?" Mark promised his son.

At age 12 he became frustrated for reasons he did not fully understand. Puberty had set in with the good and the bad. He was proud to see hair growing around his cock. He finally needed to shave. He also became sexual aware and satisfied his urges by frequent masturbation. Katrina called him her pretty boy. He pretended to hate but privately enjoyed the nickname, admitting that he looked a lot like his mother. He had her facial features and her beautiful dark hair. 

By age 18 Matt had matured into a lanky tall, frustrated young man. He was very fit and healthy. He became an accomplished surfer and turned a golden brown from days in the California sun. Some days he would just set on the beach paying careful attention to the tanned buffed male surfers. He wished his body would fill out like the surfers who attracted all the pretty girls. He did not care as much about not having a girl friend as having a great body.

Katrina recognized Matt's frustrations and was determined to end his misery. . His behavior was not unlike scores of sexually frustrated men she saw everyday when she worked as a bar girl. 

MATT'S SEXUAL REVELATON 

She sent Matt to her good friend, a well known and respected sex counselor. The woman she hired was hands on and worked out of her home. Her specialty was helping men and women find their sexual identify. She also helped sexually frustrated couples and singles become great sex partners.

Katrina and Mark suspected Matt had gay tendencies which did not bother them. All they wanted was a well adjusted son. Tracy assured Katrina that she would help anyway she could and would give her periodic reports.

Tracy was a knockout sexy blonde. She was 5'6" measured 39-23-36" and dressed appropriately for her profession: tight sweaters over a braless chest, very short skirts, with no panties and high heels. She dressed to get her clients sexual energy flowing. If any woman could turn on a guy it was Tracy. Matt showed only slight interest, frustrating Tracy. 

She needed to know for sure if Matt was gay and invited her hunk boy friend to come by on a ruse that he had lost his keys. Katrina said she would see if she could find them and left the room.

Jack was a real stud, 6"2", 210 lbs. Big muscles filled out his incredible body. He wore a skin tight polo shirt and tight shorts that did nothing to hide his impressive bulge. By the time Tracy returned Matt was squirming trying desperately to hide his growing hard on?

She waited for Jack to leave. She sat next to Matt. Your mom thinks you may be gay. She does not mind as long as you are well-adjusted and happy. The revelation that his mom knew was an incredible relief and all the reluctance to talk to Tracy vanished. 

They talked openly about homosexuality. As a way of encouraging him that being gay was growing more acceptable she admitted that she was bisexual and had sex with a lot of women and some of their husbands. "We are swingers, mostly with other woman. Jack is not gay but enjoys watching me with other men or women."

"I'm kind of sorry Jack is not gay." Matt revealed.

"Oh you dirty little boy. Jack is off limits. Be patient. The aim of counseling is to help you adjust to being gay so you can have as many men as you desire." 

"Yea, but none like Jack. What a hunk. You are very lucky. If you don't mind, just how big is his cock?"

"He is 11 inches and very thick." Tracy revealed. 

"Wow. I don't think I've seen porn stars that big!"

"Matt, it is not good to obsess over anyone. I cannot stress this enough. Obsession can only lead to more frustration. To be honest, your parents have noticed your sexual frustration. I think it is because you are having problems coming to terms wit being gay."

"That is only the start of my problems. I want to be open. Not hiding in some closet for the rest of my life." 

Tracy placed her hands on Matt's shoulders. "I know I can help you if you will let me."

It was a tense moment and tears formed in Matt's eyes. Tracy hugged Matt and comforted him with his head to her bosom and ran her soft hands thru his long hair. 

After a few minutes Matt regained his composure. 

"Mom was right. You are kind and caring. Please help me." Matt begged. 

After three weeks of daily sessions Matt was more comfortable than ever. Tracy had molded him into a caring, sensitive confident young man secure and free to live openly gay. 

The first thing he did was talk to his parents. 

After dinner that night he asked if they could all talk. 

"You both know I have just completed counseling. It has worked out very well. Tracy is amazing. 

Dad, your support has been amazing. Thank you as well. I love you both so much and cannot hide the truth from you anymore. You noticed how unhappy I have been for the past five years. I am sorry if I caused you any pain."

"Son, our personal pain was nothing compared to the pain we saw in you.' Mark told his son.

"We love you Matt and just want you to be happy."

"Oh, thanks to Tracy I have never been happier."

"Then we are happy for you." his mom said taking his hands into hers.

"Mom and Dad, I know you think I am gay. The truth is that I am gay. I am very comfortable and happy for the first time in years and I hope I can count on you support. I want to be open and experience sex and love, everything that your two have." 

"You have always had our love and support Matthew," His mom said.

"And you will always have our love and support." his father promised. "There are a lot of things that make our marriage so strong. If there is any secret it is mutual trust and understanding the needs of each other. We both have buddy sex companions. Since we are apart so often and sometimes for extended periods it is not fair to either of us to go without sex. We trust each other that no one will ever come between us." 

"It would seem my darling men that we now have a very open family." Katrina surmised. Why don't we all relax by the pool? I'll prepare some light snacks and a rum punch."

"Just one more thing Matt," his father continued. "I am buying and restoring a public golf course and I want you to manage it. David the current manger is retiring and has agreed to show you the ropes."

"That sounds fantastic Dad." Matt enthusiastically agreed. "I'll report to Dave Monday morning.

Mark and Katrina had not been so happy since the day they were married and the day she gave birth to Matt. 

Later that night Katrina called Tracy to relay the events of the evening and to thank her for her help. 

"I knew I could count on you my love," Katrina said with passion.

"We need to celebrate. When will you be free?" Tracy asked.

"Friday night. Mark flies to London and will be there for at least a week. Matt starts work on Monday. Mark has just purchased a golf course and has Matt learning the ropes so he can eventually take over for the retiring manager." 

"Sounds like a plan." Tracy agreed. "Let's make it a weekend.

To be continued...