 Matthew stood naked under the shower in the locker room, letting the warm spray of the water soothe his sore muscles. The rest of the team had already changed and were on their way home for the Christmas holidays, so Matthew was alone as he waited for Jason to finish up in the pool. But as his fingers became pruney from the water, it was clear that Jason was finished swimming. 

Through the concrete walls of the locker-room and over the spray of the shower Matthew could hear the sounds of an argument taking place between Jason and their coach. He ran his fingers through his short brown hair and rinsed the remaining conditioner away. Matthew couldn't hear exactly what they were saying, but he guessed it was probably some variation of the same conversation they had been having for weeks now.

The noise from the pool deck crescendoed, then fell silent, and a few seconds later Jason came crashing into the locker room. A furious look on his face, he threw his goggles and water bottle against the wall of the communal style shower where they landed with an echoing thud on the tile floor. Matthew stepped out from the showerhead and took Jason by the arm, steering him towards the spray. 

"You ok?" he said. Jason shook his head, but stayed silent as Matthew directed him under shower and began massaging his shoulders. Normally Matthew felt as though Jason towered over his 5'8" frame. But tonight, as Jason braced his hands on the tiles of the shower, Matthew felt as though he was shrinking before him. He let his hands slide over Jason's muscular back, admiring the way his olive skin contrasted with Jason's fair tone then reached around and hugged him from behind, splaying his hands over Jason's toned stomach. 

"I love you." he whispered in his ear. Jason detached himself from Matthew's grasp and turned around and gave Matthew a weak smile.

"I love you too." he said, and dropped his head so they were standing forehead to forehead with the water cascading over them. 

"You ok?" Matthew asked again, he was holding Jason by the hips and his thumbs were making little circles on his skin just under his mesh drag suit. He wasn't sure if this was what he wanted, but he had a feeling. 

"Just frustrated." he said as he lifted his head to kiss Matthew. 

Matthew was surprised by the hunger in the kiss. Jason nipped at his top lip and thrust his tongue between Matthew's lips, exploring his mouth while his hands slid down his back and cupped his asscheeks. Matthew put his hands on either side of Jason's face and kissed him with a fierceness that made his boyfriend instantly hard. His hands slid down to Jason's perfectly defined pecs and he began to tease both nipples. He pinched the left and then the right one and Jason groaned into his mouth. They were both hard now, Matthew's naked cock slid easily against Jason's wet body and he loosened the draw string on the drag suit Jason was wearing. He slid his hand around to the small of Jason's back and was about to slip a finger in between his cheeks when Jason grabbed his wrist to stop him.

"What's wrong?" asked Matthew, wondering why on earth a self-proclaimed bottom would object to a finger in his crack. 

"Why don't you turn around?" said Jason, his voice was deeper, huskier than it had been a few moments ago. Matthew nodded, understanding that Jason needed this now, to feel in control, to be on top. "Grab a condom, from my bag," he said and Jason padded out of the shower and retrieved the item. He handed it to Matthew and, placing a hand on one shoulder, gently turned him toward the tile wall of shower. Matthew placed his hands on the wall in front of him, just as Jason had done a few minutes earlier, and took a deep breath. It had been a while since he had been in this position. When he and Jason had first got together and Jason was still a virgin Matthew had bottomed a lot. He enjoyed it actually, although it wasn't what he preferred, and after Jason finally got up the courage go through with it they had never gone back. But that was almost a year ago and every time it happened Matthew had been the one in control, usually sitting on Justin's dick and fucking him. 

"It's been a while," said Matthew. He dropped his head and appeared to be talking to his feet. "So take it easy at first and you're going to have to--"

"I know the drill." Jason cut him off. His voice was still husky. Matthew heard him pick up the bottle of conditioner and squirt some into his palm. And then he felt a well lubed finger slid up and down his asscrack, slowly teasing him. 

"I'm going to fuck you," Jason said. "Right here in the locker room. I'm going to start slow and loosen you up and then I'm going to fuck you hard and fast, the way you fuck me." 

Then Jason pushed his finger into Matthew's tight hole and Matthew whimpered, painfully aware of how hard he was even though Jason hadn't even touched his dick yet. Jason's finger slid in and out easily and he added another one after only a few seconds. Matthew whimpered again, writhing around Justin's fingers, feeling himself open up for him. He could feel Justin's cock sliding against his asscheek as coated the inside of his hole with conditioner. 

Another finger was added and Matthew groaned again, feeling ready. He passed the condom back to Jason who slid his fingers out of Matthew's ass to tear open the packet and slip the condom on his impossibly hard dick. Then he put a hand on either side of Matthew's hips and pulled him backwards. "Bend over a little," he said. Matthew complied; taking a step backward while keeping his hands planted on the tile-wall. He felt Jason's hands grasp each cheek to pull them apart, he could feel the water from the shower slide over his tight hole and he whimpered again. 

"You ready," Matthew could feel Jason positioning himself behind him.

"Uh huh," he answered. "I just forgot how vulnerable this feels." Jason bent over him, draping his body over Matthew's back, and chuckled in Matthew's ear.   "Isn't that kind of the point?" he said. 

"Yeah, I guess it is." Matthew could feel Jason's dick pressed against his hole. "Do it." he said. 

He did it in one quick motion, pushed himself all the way in Matthew's ass, so Matthew winced and groaned at the intrusion, the combination of pain and pleasure. But once in, Jason stopped, and slid a hand around Matthew's hip and grabbed his cock. "You're still hard," he said and he slowly slid his hand up and down Matthew's shaft. 

Jason's hand was still covered in conditioner from fingering Matthew and it felt like silk gliding over his cock. With Jason jerking him off, Matthew began to relax around the dick buried in his ass. When he felt ready, he lifted his head and groaned against Jason's cheek, "I'm ready, fuck me." 

Jason started slowly, never taking his hand off of Matthew's cock, then gaining momentum as he jerked him faster. "Fuck me," Matthew said, dropping his head between his shoulders, "Harder." Jason changed his angle slightly and his dick began brushing against Matthew's prostate. He slid a hand up Matthew's back and squeezed his shoulder, fucking him hard and fast, the way he liked to be fucked. Matthew closed his eyes and felt as if everything had suddenly disappeared; all he could feel was Jason's cock in his ass, his hand jerking him off, and the water of the shower still spraying on his back. He could hear Jason groaning behind him, muttering incoherencies, and for the first time he felt as if he was truly bottoming. It was too much, he felt the familiar tingle beginning in his legs and his balls began to draw up just as Jason let out a guttural groan. Matthew could feel him coming into the condom and he lost control, shooting his load onto the wall in front of him. He felt his legs give out and he would have collapsed if Jason hadn't wrapped a strong arm around his chest and held him up. 

"Whoa, ya alright?" Jason said. His voice had returned to its normal state and he seemed to have recovered much quicker than Matthew. 

"Yeah," he said, between breaths. "That was intense, I think that's the first time you've fucked me like that, with me bent over." 

Jason kissed him on the cheek, his arm still wrapped around Matthew's chest, and his dick softening in his ass. "I think you're right," he said. "Was it ok?" 

Matthew smiled to himself. "Yeah, it was more than ok." 

Jason hugged Matthew's chest and rested his head on Matthew's shoulder. "I really needed that," he whispered. "Thanks."

Matthew squeezed Jason's hands and kissed him on the cheek. "You're still inside me," he said. 

Jason disengaged from their embraced and slid his now soft cock out of Matthew's tender ass. He pulled off the condom and threw it into a garbage right outside the shower room. They both rinsed off one last time, shut off the shower, and padded into the main area of the locker room.