 CHAPTER 1

Matthew Makepeace laid his final brick of the day and, in his usual meticulous fashion, pointed off the excess mortar from the course he had just finished. When Matthew had finished a piece of work, there was never any need to go back and point the joints as he always left everything perfect.

Matthew was, as you must now have gathered, a brick- layer, but he was not your average workman. No; Matthew took great pride in his work, so much so that at the age of only 21, he was now the overseer of two older men, both bricklayers, who worked for fulltime for a local jobbing builder, Burgess and Sons. Burgess, who had been around since the start of the century, was a well established family business with a good reputation to uphold. And so it was that Mr. George Burgess, the grandson (or perhaps the great grandson) of the founder and present owner of the firm, had been delighted to find someone as capable and dedicated to his work as was Matthew.

We meet Matthew for the first time one Friday evening about five o'clock just at the work-day is ending. It is mid-June and the weather is magnificent and Matthew, like so many outdoor workers in the building trade has been working all day stripped to the waist. Matthew enjoys working stripped as he is, in his spare time, a dedicated amateur bodybuilder and for a young man of twenty-one, has a magnificent physique of which he is justifiably proud. Matthew wears a gold stud in his left ear and has had his nipples, which sit on a magnificent chest of well defined pectoral muscles, pierced and each fitted with a small gold ring. All in all, Matthew is what one might call 'picture book perfect'. In word he is a magnificent looking young stud. 

Girls look at him and think he is a gorgeous hunk, which truly is, and wonder what it would be like to get closer to him, which is a euphemism for getting into his pants. Alas, they are wasting their time for Matthew is gay: from the tips of his fingers to the tips of his toes he has eyes only for other men. And it has to be said that men of similar inclination have eyes for him too, for he is a truly gorgeous young man whose undoubted charms any other gay would love to sample. 

But we need to look more closely into Matthew's other physical attractions, in particular those which attract the eye of other gay men. Matthew, stripped to the waist displays a torsobordering on perfection. And as he is somewhat particular about his dress, he even work clothes which he wears make the very best of his nether regions. And so, when he is on the site and bending down to lay a brick or pick up mortar on his trowel, any observer, and there are in fact lots of them, find their eye drawn to a beautifully rounded pair of buttocks, which have an incredible come hither look about them: they could not be more attractive to another gay were they to be emblazoned with the message "Come fuck me".

But even more important than his butt, is what Matthew packs between his legs. Coyly referred to as a man's endowment, even by overtly gay men's physique magazines, the word actually refers to a guy's sexual equipment. Now as we all know, a man's penis and balls are, with his arse, the items of anatomy which are of the greatest interest to potential partners, male or female. But so very often men's magazines, when giving a guy's key features affix a number under the heading ,endowment. This number, 6,7, 8 or even in some cases 10 or 12, is the guy's cock length measured in inches But to leave this most important item of a guy's equipment at that, defined by a simple number, is a travesty. In fact, a man's endowment needs a much more thorough description than a bald statement of its length. After all, a guy could have a nine inch cock, but something that it would be more suitable for use as a pipe cleaner than for it intended purpose. I exaggerate a little as I am sure you appreciate, but you you get the point.

And so, we have seen what a magnificent physique Matthew displays to all and sundry when, weather permitting, he strips off at work, but what about his "endowment"? well, the astute observer, and there are many, looking at Matthew's trousers would see that, cut as they are to make the most of what he has, clearly hide a very considerable package of sexual potency from the public eye. In short, his "endowment" really fills out his pants very well and leaves observers wondering what it all looks like in the flesh: a very tantalising prospect indeed. But as the reader has no means of satisfying his curiosity let me give some details of Matthew's sexual tools.

Matthew is as well equipped between his legs as is his body with muscles. He has an eight inch cock (soft length of course) which has a diameter of some two inches. So, he is in the happy position of having a really well proportioned fuck-stick capable of satisfying the most demanding of partners. He is, like most young Englishmen of his generation, uncut and his foreskin covers, almost like a condom, what is a magnificently proportioned cock head, set off from the shaft by a good, well defined rim. His foreskin is really somewhat tight and leaves the very tip of his cock peeping through. 

But Matthew is exceptionally lucky in that he has a penis, that even when soft, does not just hang there between his legs like a child's semi-deflated sausage balloon, but leaves his pelvis more or less horizontally, before falling a in graceful curve onto his balls In a word, our Matthew has a very attractive looking cock. One slight imperfection, if it can be considered as such, is that his balls hang just a little too low. But when he is poised for action, which he often is, his erect cock is ramrod straight, culminating in that splendidly defined head and held proudly at 45 degrees to his well muscled stomach. In short, Matthew ready to fuck butt is a sight to behold and, more often than not, renders the beholder green with envy.

When aroused and ready for action, Matthew sports a rock-hard erection some ten inches long, but depending on how aroused and horny he feels when action promises, it can become considerably longer. Matthew is very aware that he brings his exceptional "endowment" to any occasion and so, in order to render himself as attractive as possible when he is stripped totally naked, he patronises a gay barber who carefully shaves away all pubic hair and all hair from his backside. No wonder then, when seen for the first time in all its rock hard glory, Matthew's credentials lead to raised eyebrows and gasps of admiration. In a word, Matthew naked is an absolute stunner and he knows it.

CHAPTER 2

But what else do we know about know about this stunning young stud? Well, Matthew Makepeace is an orphan. He was one of those unfortunate babies one occasionally reads about, who was dumped in a carrier bag on the doorstep of an orphanage. Yes, that's right: he was literally left, newly born on the doorstep. He was quickly fostered out to an elderly couple, the Makepeace's, who were professional foster parents. And it was they who gave the baby his name, Matthew Makepeace, and arranged with the social worker and the courts for it to be officially registered and a birth certificate issued. His exact date of birth remains unknown, so Matthew is possibly five or six weeks older than the date on the birth certificate.

The Makepeaces, who had no children of their own, usually fostered four children simultaneously, but at the time they acquired Matthew, they were without any other children so that Matthew had their undivided attention. But fate intervened by the time Matthew was just over a year old, when both the Makepeaces were killed in a car accident. Matthew, who was still their only charge, was handed over to another foster family, never having known the people who had given him their name. And thus began Matthew's peripatetic existence, which continued until he came of age at eighteen. He was shunted from one family to another. It was never clear why he was not adopted or for that matter why he did not finish up in an orphanage. So his entire life between birth and eighteen had been with a series of no less than six different foster parents.

When Matthew was thirteen, he was settled with another family which fleshed out its income by fostering children professionally. The Simpsons, for that was their name, were a totally unattractive couple and did the minimum to make their foster children feel at home. True, they provided Matthew with clothes, food, a bed and a roof over his head, but that was the sum total of the lot. It all sounds a bit Dickensian to say that this was happened at the beginning of the twenty-first century, but the fact of the matter was that that was the way it was!

Age fifteen, Matthew left the local comprehensive school, the fourth different school he had attended due to his fostering shuffle and his foster parents pushed him immediately into a job with a local builder, Burgess and Sons, where, for the first time in his life Matthew felt comfortable. His small wage as an apprentice was, for the most part, taken from him by the Simpsons, for once he started working, the council maintenance payments diminished, even though as a minor he was still in their care until the age of eighteen.

His foster father, a heavy set, bull of a man who bordered on being a perpetual drunk, caught Matthew jerking off in his bedroom as most lads do. Matthew was fifteen at the time. Mr. Simpson went and fetched a heavy leather belt which he used from time to time on the foster children and thrashed poor Matthew's arse to pulp. And that was the beginning of four years of hell for Matthew, as he was regularly upbraided and referred to as a pervert by his foster father, who liked nothing better than to use Matthew's arse for target practice.

It was during these last few years with the Simpsons, that Matthew gradually realised that he was not the same as most of the boys at school, with their never ending talk of girls and what they would like to do to them if they ever got the chance. He realised that he was not interested at all in girls but found himself attracted to other boys and young men. It was a gradual dawning that he himself was homosexual although it was not until several years later, when he was eighteen and had been three years with Burgess and Sons, that he actually had his first physical experience with another man. Had Matthew had the benefit of a public school education, he would almost certainly not have remained an anal virgin until he was eighteen. But boys at local day schools had much less opportunity to express their sexual feelings for one of their own sex than did their public school homologues.

George Burgess, the elderly owner of George Burgess and Sons, took a liking to his apprentice, Matthew. He and Matthew became good friends; as good friends as elderly employer and a young employee could ever be. And so it was that George became a sort of father confessor to young Matthew. Matthew told him that he thought that he was gay, which George just accepted as a fact: "So what," he commented, "I'm not employing you because of your sexual orientation but as an apprentice bricklayer and builder. So what you do in your own time is your affair" But, in fact, George had a real soft spot for his young employee, whom he sensed was somewhat lonely, possibly because of his undeclared sexuality. And so over a period of time he managed to tease out from the boy the details of his somewhat unsettled life and the unhappiness he had found with his present foster parents, the Simpsons.

"You know, Mr Burgess, on June 1st next year, the day I turn eighteen, I'm out of their house and their lives forever. I never ever want to see either of them ever again." This was said with such vehemence that George Burgess realised just how Matthew felt about his foster parents and his life there. "Don't ask me where I shall go or how I shall live. But the day I turn eighteen and become of age, I'm off; I'm not sticking around there for another minute."

Now George saw in Matthew an excellent employee: a young man who was quick and willing to learn. In Matthew he had already discerned someone who in the fullness of time could take over the running of his business, for he himself had only a daughter and no son to follow him. "Listen, son, look before you leap; don't act in anger only to repent at leisure. Look you cannot just walk out on your foster parents with nowhere to go. So, here's a proposition for you. In our yard here, there are still the old stables from the start of the business in 1900 and above them is what was originally the office. It's been unoccupied for half a century; there's running water and electricity there and a toilet, as far as I can remember." 

"Now if you want it, I'll let you have it for free: no rent. All you have to do is to fix it up so that you can live there, get yourself a few sticks of furniture and a bed and you'll be as snug as a bug in rug. And listen lad, if you use your head, there is an awful lot of good stuff thrown away into the skips when when we strip an old place to renovate it; so, keep your eyes peeled and you will find all sorts of items which you can use to set yourself up, free of charge."

Well, you can imagine what Matthew did. He jumped in with both feet and spent all his spare time in fixing the place so that on that fatidic day, June 1st he could leave the Simpsons forever. As George Burgess had suggested he religiously surveyed the stuff being cleared out from various renovation jobs in which he was involved and in a short time, he had accumulated a shower unit, a hand basin, several kitchen units and various items of furniture, including a full length wall mirror, which allowed Matthew to indulge his slightly narcissistic side: he liked to look a himself naked and see how his body was developing. George watched in admiration as the young man installed all the items himself. No job was too difficult for him to contemplate. By the end of May, the place was more or less ready to occupy.

June 1st dawned and Matthew came down from his room at the Simpsons with his bags already packed; he didn't really have much beyond his clothes so there was no problem with his leaving: no need to come back to collect stuff. 

"And where might you think you are going?" asked Mr. Simpson, "With your suitcases packed like that and without as much as by your leave."

Matthew replied quite simply:"Where I am going is of no concern of yours. But you are right: I am going and I am leaving this house forever: in fact, right now! And as far as asking either of you for your permission, I am today eighteen years of age, and no longer need it. You no longer have any legal responsibility for me and I am free to do as I wish. And that is what I am doing. I am exercising my right and leaving."

Mrs. Simpson said: "But you can't just up and out of here like that; it's not right after all we have done for you over the past few years."

"All you two have done for me, for the entire time I have been living with you, is to make my life miserable. But that is now the past and I no longer am legally bound to stay with you. As of today I am eighteen years of age and you are no longer my legal guardians. So good bye; I'm on my way; you will not see me ever again."

"You really are the most ungrateful young man, I cannot believe that you can just walk out like this and leave us high and dry." said Mrs. Simpson.

"Just let him go." said Mr. Simpson. "Good riddance to bad rubbish, I say. And anyway, now that he's of age, the maintenance payments from the council will stop. So let him go; we're losing nothing other than an ungrateful teenager."

Matthew looked his foster father straight in the eye and said: "To be quite clear; you are not letting me go: I am going of my own accord to be free of you two. And as for your comment: "Good riddance to bad rubbish," Well you express my sentiments exactly." And with that final rejoinder, he left the Simpsons never to return. 

So that is how Matthew, aged eighteen became his own man. What his ex-foster parents would have said had they known where he was going to live and how comfortable he had made the rooms loaned to him by George Burgess, we shall never know. From that day on Matthew had no further contact with the Simpsons: that phase of his life had ended and his new independent life was just beginning.

CHAPTER 3

Free as he now was of the appalling Simpsons, Matthew's life took a new turn. He was acutely aware of his lack of sexual experience of any kind, hetero or homo, he felt sure that he was gay, although he was still an anal virgin. He was equally aware that girls eyed him. What girl would not, for although only eighteen he was already a mouth-watering sexual proposition to any girl. He began to ask himself where his true orientation lay. Was he in fact, as he strongly suspected, gay, or was it just his fancy? Should he try to play the field and see what happened? His life at the Simpsons had been a rather lonely one; he had not got on terribly well with his foster brothers and was glad to be free of them as he found he had nothing in common with them. So the first thing he did was to join a local social club to get to know other young people and to enrol at a local gym. 

Matthew was very aware of his body and by the age of eighteen, he already had a well developed body and some impressive sexual equipment and he wanted to develop his burgeoning muscles. Anyone looking at the young man then, would have realised that as he filled out into full manhood in the next few years, Matthew Makepeace would be a formidable, sexy young stud. Matthew himself earnestly hoped that his cock would benefit from working out in the gym, for he, like many young men, dreamed of having a large sex organ. Somehow a large piece of man-meat equalled respect in Matthew's eyes; and for that matter in the eyes lots of other people of both sexes.

You could be excused for thinking that Matthew might have had difficulty in relating to people in view of his family background and his lack of friends as a teenager, but this was not the case. Matthew was a pleasant and kind young man and had no problem at all in making a group of casual friends both at the social club and the gym. Like many young men of his age, his mind was constantly fixed upon sexual matters. Matthew like so many lonely young men, masturbated regularly, but his dearest wish was to have sex with someone to lose his virginity. 

Things first came to a head with a girl whom he had recently met and found very attractive at the social club. She clearly liked Matthew, but then what girl wouldn't for he was a gorgeous looking six foot tall hunk with blondish hair and bright blue eyes. Carol, for that was her name, came on very strongly to Matthew and when she learned that he had a place of his own, pushed to see it: not many young men of his age managed to have a place by themselves,

In retrospect, Matthew knew he should have known from the start that he was on the wrong track: backing the wrong horse. He knew in his heart of hearts that he was not truly attracted to the opposite sex. But he felt nevertheless, that before he abandoned the idea of women entirely and the chance of a married life with children, he ought to give it a whirl: he really ought to have sex with a girl and see how he felt once the deed was done. So one Saturday evening after dancing close with Carol all evening he invited her back to his pad. One has to say that she did not need much inviting for it was clear that she wanted to be in bed, with a naked Matthew at her side, which is, of course what happened.

Carol, who seemed quite experienced (he later learned that she was considered by all the straight guys at the club as "an easy lay.") took the lead and was all over Matthew, helping him out of his clothes. Carol had only one objective and that was Matthew's cock and he did not resist her advances. But once naked and in bed together, disaster struck. Matthew suddenly realised quite definitely that he did not want to kiss Carol intimately or touch her private parts as she obviously did his and he certainly did not want to fuck her, But Carol, however, intent on satisfaction, persevered; but try as she might, his magnificent cock simply refused to play ball: it remained limp. In those crude and cruel words, in this his first attempt at sexual intercourse he "couldn't get it up." He practically died from embarrassment. 
