 How it all began. When I was 48 I was experiencing urges to try cock sucking but didn't know how to go about it. One day while flipping through a adult contact magazine I noticed an ad for a mature man looking for a male cock sucker, well I responded to the ad and a few days later I received a note from Kevin who is a 62 year old male with a dominant personality. Kevin gave me his mobile cell phone number to contact him. I was very nervous but rang him and made arrangements to meet him at a local park, I told him what car I was driving and he told me what car he would be in. I arrived early because the excitement was overwhelming and my desire to try this was exciting.

I noticed a car matching Kevin's description arrive and park next to me, he was a rugged looking man with a powerful body, he got out of his car and got into my passenger seat and introduced himself. Kevin unzipped his shorts and pulled out his cock, it was hard and thick and about 7" long. He told me to play with it which I did, it felt hard and warm in my hand. He told me to bend over and lick it, again I complied with his request, opening my lips and licking the head with my tongue. I felt his hands on my head pushing me down, so I sucked his cock into my mouth. He called me a cock loving slut and pushed further into my mouth, I was in heaven, feeling completely under his dominant spell. I wanted to please him and swallow his seed, he gripped my hair and began to buck into my mouth, gagging me as his hard cock hit the back of my throat, I continued to suck his wonderful cock, I felt it tense in my mouth and his balls sack contract and tighten. He plunged his cock deep into my throat and then I felt his cum boil up his swollen cock and erupt into my mouth, it was wonderful, shot after shot of his thick cum shooting into my mouth and throat, I swallowed and swallowed until his cock slowly shrank in my mouth.

Kevin told me to meet him at 11am tomorrow at his house and wrote down the address and left. I was reeling from the excitement of what had just transpired and decided to talk a walk in the park to calm myself down. As I was deep into the wooded area of the park, I noticed a man standing in a thick cluster of bushes, he waved me over. I wondered what he wanted so I walked over to him, he never spoke just exposed his hard cock and smiled at me, so I knelt down and took his cock into my hungry mouth. Both his hands cupped the back of my head and he began to fuck my mouth, I couldn't believe my luck, two cocks in one day and both treating me like a cock slut, he fucked my face hard with his cock pounding into my throat, my saliva dripping from my mouth with every stroke of his fat cock. He began to groan and fucked my face harder and harder with his pubes mashing against my mouth and then his cock spewed cum into my mouth, he held my head hard against his body so I had to swallow his cum or choke. When he finished he released me and walked off. I drove home with a belly full of cum and a sexual buzz from being used by two men.

Tomorrow could not come quick enough but I would have to be patient. In the morning I showered and played with my cock until I came but I was still feeling encouraged to be Kevin's man slut.

I arrived at Kevin's house a few minutes early but waited until 11am before walking up the drive and knocking on his door. He answered wearing only a pair of shorts and ushered me into his living room. He commanded me to kneel in the middle of the room and then three other men entered from the adjoining room, all naked with cocks hard and ready for me to suck. Kevin stripped off his shorts and grabbed me by the hair and savagely fucked my moth as the others watched, he then stood aside and told one of the others to cum in my mouth. He was a big man of about 6'2" tall and his cock had to be at least 8" long. He grabbed me by the hair and shoved his big cock into my open sluttish mouth, fucking my mouth with hard sharp and fast strokes. All the men were making lewd comments about how much of a filthy cock loving slut I was and the more they said the more I wanted to please them. He kept fucking my mouth and then without warning just exploded his hot cum in my mouth, I swallowed his sticky discharge as he blasted more and more cum into my sluttish old mouth.

Kevin again told another to fuck my mouth, he was a much shorter man with an average sized cock but he had a very mean demeanour. He slapped my face with the palm of his hand before he shoved his cock into my mouth and then slapped my face again with his hand while his cock was in my mouth. He grabbed my hair on top of my mead and jerked me back and forth as quick as he could before he erupted his cum in my mouth and then he pulled out and wanked the rest of his cum over my face.

The third man grabbed my face and slapped his fat cock over my lips, then slowly pushed it into my mouth. It was very thick as it filled my mouth to capacity as it slowly pushed into my throat. He held it in my throat until I thought I would pass out and then he withdrew it, this time he plunged it in faster and faster like a crazed man, grunting and groaning as he brutally ravaged my mouth. I was gagging and the noises emanating from my throat were those of an out of control cock tramp. His cum hit the back of my throat with force, choking me but still he continued to shoot his load into my mouth until he was completely wasted and withdrew.

Kevin told me to lay down on my back and he straddled my face, pushing his hard cock into my mouth like it was a pussy. He power fucked my mouth as his body rose and fell above my head, forcing his cock into the back of my bruised and battered throat and still I felt grateful for being used. Kevin slammed his cock hard into me forcing my head to bounce of the carpeted floor while the others watched my submissive behaviour. I could see and feel that Kevin was ready to flood my mouth with his cum and flood it he did, squirt after squirt blasted into my wanton mouth, as I swallowed this dominant bulls man juice. When he had drained himself in my cum filled mouth, he removed his spent cock and rubbed it over my eyes, leaving a trail of cum glistening over my face. He then told me to fuck off and he would call me when he needed more relief.

I drove home feeling well satisfied with my new life as a mature Bi slut.