 Like the others, this incident also happened some years ago. I was quite bored at the time, and used to go to a local club after college for swimming, working out, and an occasional wank in the showers. Sometimes even a wank in the swimming pool when no one was around or looking.

The advantage of going in the afternoons was that there were not too many people around as it was very hot outside, and most people came to the pool area after 5 p.m. I would normally be in the club from 2 p.m onwards, work out and then hit the pool.

On this particular day, a much older man was there in the changing room. I had seen him on previous afternoons as well. He was maybe 45-50 years old. He seemed quite fit for his age, had a nice tan, and decent muscles, although a little heavy around the stomach area and very hairy. He nodded as I walked in and I nodded back. He was changing out of his clothes and into his swimwear. 

As I sat to remove my shoes and socks, he removed his underwear to reveal his really thick hot prick. This was not uncommon, considering it was the men's changing room and a lot of men did just that. But seeing this smooth fat cock, dangling a few feet from me, really turned me on. He walked naked to one of the stalls and stood to take a piss in one of the urinals. My eyes were glued to his hairy back and ass as he stood there taking his piss. I really wished I was standing next to him to see the piss gush out of his penis. 

I was somewhat lost in my thoughts when he turned around and saw me staring at him. He smiled and walked back towards me. I quickly looked down and busied myself with my stuff. Shit, I thought, that was really stupid of me. This guy must think I'm some sort of sick pervert, staring at him pissing.

"So, are you coming out?" he asked, "yes" I replied. "in a minute." My voice was somewhat shaky. 

He slipped on his swim trunks and walked out to the pool area. I got on my swim trunks as well but stood near the urinal for a bit and stroked it thinking about this man's hot cock. I wanted to just take him in my mouth and suck him.

When I came out of the room, he was already in the pool and was doing his laps. I dived in as well, and swam for a few minutes. Then I got out and lay down on one of the pool chairs with my shades on. 

After a while, the man got out as well and came up to me, and asked if he could use the chair next to mine. I shrugged my shoulders and said "sure." We got to talking about stuff. He asked me about what I did, where I studied, just general stuff, and I asked him about himself. As it turned out he was married and divorced, had his own business, and had a lazy, no strings attached sort of lifestyle. 

That day, I had the most intense wank in the showers thinking about his body and his cock.

The next two days I was looking forward to maybe seeing him naked again, but the opportunity just never presented itself as we always seemed to miss each other in the changing room.

Then on the third day it happened. We were sitting and chatting by the pool, and there was no one else around. We were just talking mostly general stuff, when he told me "I want to ask you a personal question and I would like an honest answer." I was a little taken aback, and asked what it was. "Did you like looking at my cock?" he said very calmly looking me straight in the eyes. Shit, I thought, a little embarrassed. 

"Ummm, well...you were just standing there and it was just...umm...dangling there...I was just looking in that direction."

"That's not what I asked, I want to know whether you liked looking at my cock and my balls, did you get turned on seeing me pee?" he asked again.

"Umm...no I...was just looking." I was stammering like crazy not quite understanding what he was getting at. Was he trying to humiliate me for the other day, or was he trying to gauge my reaction. I was probably blushing and hoped he would not make a big deal of it, or tell anyone, but he had been quite friendly the past few days, so I did not think so.

"Do you want to see it again?" he asked. Fuck yeah, I thought, the little hairs on my neck standing on edge. Was he coming onto me in this extremely public place?

I let out a nervous "yes" and he said, "you first." Hunh...I thought. "You first, I want to see your cock, right here, right now, take it out and show it to me." 

"But anyone can walk in and see us here" I said, thinking he was insane. "Just slip it out to the side for a few seconds and let me see it" he said. 

He was sitting on his chair sideways, facing me, and his hand began to stroke my inner thigh. I spread my legs a bit to allow him more access. "Come on, before someone comes, come on, I can see it wants to come out." Sure enough, my cock was straining against my trunks to come out. Looking around, I tugged at the elastic and worked my trunks down slightly around my balls.

"You have a very nice cock, really nice" his hand moved slowly over my thighs and onto the head of my cock. I was looking hard at the entrance to see if anyone was there. He continued to stroke my cock for what seemed like an eternity. I was feeling very nervous as we were completely out in the open. 

"Please stop, someone might see us" I said. 

"Okay, but I want to see your ass, show me your ass." "How?," I asked. 

He told me to get up, which I did, and he threw my towel onto the grass next to the chair. "Turn around, and slip your shorts off over your ass, if someone comes just pretend you are picking up the towel. They won't be able to see your backside. Hurry up before someone comes."

I was on my hands and knees with my ass raised up facing him. I pulled my trunks down over my cheeks baring them to him. 

"These are sooooo nice and soft," his hand was stretched out squeezing my asscheeks. "Spread it for me, baby, I want to look inside your hole."

Him talking dirty was really turning me on, and I knew he was getting very turned on looking at me like this. 

I reached back and spread my cheeks as wide as I could, exposing my bunghole to him. He squeezed them for a minute or so, running his fingers over my ass crack. He then told me to turn around again.

I was wondering what we were going to do next as we both were really turned on.

"Lets get into the pool," he said. So, there we were in a far corner of the pool, his hands feeling me up all over. At least this was safer, as we were almost chest deep in water, and no one coming in could immediately see us below chest level.

"Okay, well, a promise is a promise, here it comes," he said, and pulled his trunks all the way down his legs and off. His cock had grown to almost 7-8 inches, and looked like it was ready to take off. He took my hand and placed it on his manhood. 

"Stroke it baby, yeah, make it feel good," he moaned as my hands moved back and forth over his cock. His hands reached for my trunks and pulled them off as well. I was not quick enough to catch them though and they fell to the bottom of the pool. "Leave them" he said, "no ones here anyway." 

He grasped my cock firmly and we both began a mutual jerk off. He jerked away madly at my cock, and I knew I would not last long.

"I'm cumming, please, I'm cumming," I gasped, as I could feel my cock ready to shoot my load. "Cum," he whispered, "shoot your cum for me" I strained and shuddered as I felt my balls unload sperm and shoot it all over. The droplets of sperm were floating all around us. My heart was throbbing and my knees felt as if they had lifted a ton. "Oh fuck" I moaned as he came near and kissed me really hard on the lips. He began to grind his groin hard between my legs. 

"Bite my nipples," he commanded, drawing my face closer to his hairy chest. "Suck them for me, suck"

He positioned me against the pool wall, and then stood with his back to me. I was pulling at his nipple with one hand and stroking him off with the other. He let out a really loud grunt and stiffened up. I knew he was cumming. Buckling back against me, his sperm started flowing out from his cock and onto the surface of the pool. "Haaaaaaaa," he moaned as his hips moved back and forth releasing his sperm. 

We stood still for a moment taking in what we had just done. We were both drained and the sexual frustration had somewhat subsided, or so I though. 

The whole sexual encounter had barely been 10-15 minutes, but seemed like a maddening eternity. I swam to the bottom of the pool, and scooped up my trunks, wondering what was next.

Just then some people walked into the pool area and into the changing rooms. "Whew, not a minute too soon" he said.

"So what made you think I would go for it?" I asked, still a little dazed.

"Well, I saw you stare at me while I was nude and then you had this guilty flushed look on your face. I was quite sure you were interested. When I asked you, if you had replied differently, I would probably have scolded you a bit, and left it at that." 

We remained in the pool for a while talking about what we could do next, maybe the following day, and how to meet and stuff. In the meanwhile, the pool was starting to fill up a bit, so we got out and headed for the changing room.

We walked in and noticed no one was there. He caught me firmly and started rubbing his body against mine, grinding his cock against mine, through our respective swimwear. We were again in heat. I stroked his cock through his trunks, while he moved mine slightly to the side and squeezed my ass. He brought his hand up to my face and pushed two fingers into my mouth. "Suck them hard and well, they're going into your ass."

Well lubricated, his hand moved around my waist and onto my ass. Pulling the trunks slightly sideways, he worked his finger up my bumhole. I was moaning as a mixture of pain and pleasure came over me.

"I want to fuck you, I want to put my cock in your filthy fucking hole, I want to cum all over you" he was breathing very heavily. 

He shoved me into one of the shower stalls and yanked off my trunks. I yanked off his. We were both standing completely naked staring wildly at each other. 

The shower stalls, although quite private and locked, did have an opening of about a foot at the top and bottom. Anyone, bending to pick something up outside, or someone who was over 6 ft tall could probably look in if they wanted to.

But at this point, we were so horny that we did not think much of it. He told me that if someone comes, he would turn on the shower and I should go closer to the inner wall of the stall, so no one could see my feet. "Okay, great."

I reached in front and grabbed his nipples, running my hands over his hairy body. "Oh yeaaaasssss" he moaned, thrusting his cock, back and forth. 

Bending at the knees, I reached down and ran my tongue along the length of his cock before putting it in my mouth. "Oooooooh" he moaned "that feels so good in your fucking mouth, suck it you little cunt." He was thrusting back and forth madly, holding my mouth wide open with his fingers and pushing his cock all the way in. 

His cock tasted of sperm and of chlorine from the pool. I could taste his oozing precum slowly dripping out of his pisshole, and onto my tongue. It felt really hot and intoxicating. I wanted him to cum in my mouth.

At this point, we heard someone walk in, and both of us stiffened up. The guy was whistling somewhat aimlessly as he sat to change into his swim gear. "Shit," I thought, "I hope we don't get caught." Considering the amount of people I knew at the club, that would be very embarrassing.

We turned on the shower and I stood a little further back in the stall. We were both cursing this guy for walking in and breaking our sex up. We quickly started to soap ourselves, and I thought we were done, as more people would probably come in soon.

There was a plastic stool in the stall which was about 2 feet high, probably kept there for older people who wished to shower sitting down.

Picking it up and placing it near the rear wall of the stall, he made me sit on it, resting my head and shoulders against the stall wall. This was not very comfortable but I could not protest at this point. He spread my legs, and bending down, angled a soapy finger up my ass. With his other hand he stroked my hard cock back and forth. Then rubbing some more soap on my asshole and on his cock, he raised my legs over his shoulders, and slipped himself into my ass.

"Please...do it slowly" I pleaded as his cock worked its way up my ass. I tried pushing against him with my hands, but that did not work. "Unhhh" he grunted, as he quickened his pace in and out of my soapy bunghole. Looking at my feet dangling around his shoulders, his hard cock and his soapy balls slapping against my ass, and his tongue in my mouth made me feel so fucking horny.

"Fuck me" I whispered, "please fuck my ass, haaaaarrrrd" I moaned as his cock pounded in and out of my ass. "Pleeeeeaaasssseeee fuck me."

Although I was enjoying this, the plastic stool was creaking below me too much, and we were making too much noise. The noise from the shower was also distracting us, and we could not tell whether the guy was still there or had gone out. 

Pulling his cock out of my ass, he said he was going to just peek outside. I straightened up off the stool and stood behind the door, as he opened in slightly.

"He's gone, but we better be quick" he said, beckoning me to stand against the stall wall with one leg on the stool. We shut the shower off, and after re-soaping his cock he shoved it back in me. Unfortunately, he could not do much in this position. So, he sat down on the stool, and I worked my way onto his cock with my back to him. This felt really delicious as I was able to control how much of him I wanted in me. He reached in front and was stroking my nipples, chest and stomach with his soapy hand. His other hand stroked my cock. His one hand was now firmly on my stomach and his finger pressed hard against my belly button. This was making me horny as hell. I felt like a complete slut fucked in a bathroom, by someone at least twice my age. 

I could feel his pace quicken as his cock pushed harder and faster in my ass.

"I'm going to cum" he rasped, as he lifted me up and bent me over against the stall door. Still fucking me from behind, his body tensed up hard as he rammed his last few strokes in me. I was so horny, I wanted to taste him. 

Turning around, I got off his soapy cock and worked it into my mouth. He was thrusting madly and the soap was making his cock very slippery.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaa" he moaned as he shot his load in my mouth. 

"Suck it you little slut, suck my semen, eat it." He was breathing very heavily and his stomach and chest were heaving back and forth as he worked his semen covered cock in my mouth. 

I sucked on him for a few seconds till his limp soapy cock pulled out. His salty sperm was running down my throat and some of it down my face and mouth.

"Ohhhhh that was amazing" he said wiping off some of his man goo off my chin and rubbing it over me. "You are so fucking nasty, fuck."

At this point, we agreed that we had already taken too much of a risk, and looking around, I quickly stepped out of our stall and hopped into another. Feeling a bit of relief that it was over and there was no more risk, I ran my hands all over myself and my cock and had an amazing cum. 

We were now showered and dressed and walked out of the changing room separately so as not to arouse suspicion. We then agreed to meet the next day, same time, same place. 

Going back home, I had my third wank of the day, thinking about Mr. Mature and his fat prick. I surely was looking forward to tomorrow.

To be continued in Part 2.