 (Note: This story features characters from "A Clean Start". You don't have to read that story first, but I recommended it.)

"Hi, Max!" the familiar voice called out.

As I walked out of the locker room, I looked and saw Pete's smiling face standing next to the weight rack. Pete was my best friend Tank's boyfriend or partner or whatever you want to call it.

"Hey, Pete," I replied back.

Pete grinned back. I smiled and shook my head. Pete was just way too happy sometimes. He was a cute little fucker, too. A ginger twink. If Tank hadn't fallen head over heels for him on first sight, I would have snatched him up in a second. Hell, I still jerk off on occasion thinking about that killer blowjob he gave me. It was a moment of weakness for us, before he and Tank hooked up about nine months ago.

The thing is, before I met Pete, I wouldn't have dreamed about settling down. I'm 28 years old, good looking with a hot body. I had a steady parade of one night stands and fuck buddies and I loved it. But I would have given all that up for Pete. Even so, he still had an effect on me. The one night stands have stopped and the late night booty calls have slowed way down. I want more out of life. I want what Tank and Pete have.

I ruffled Pete's hair and then clapped Tank on the back.

"Hey, Dude," Tank greeted me.

"Ready?" I asked.

We got Pete started on his weight routine, then Tank and I got started lifting.

After we finished working out, we showered, then headed out for dinner at Longhorn Steakhouse. Our usual Friday night routine.

"Are you okay, Max?" Pete asked.

I looked up from my half-eaten salad. "Yeah, Pete. I'm fine."

"You just seem a little preoccupied."

"I think he needs to get laid," Tank joked. "Dude, when was the last time you went out on a date?"

"None of your fucking business," I grumbled.

"That long huh?" he said with a loud laugh.

Pete giggled and I couldn't help but laugh, too. Maybe I did need to get laid. God, it must be close to three months now.

After dinner, I walked to my Mustang after saying goodbye to my friends. I looked up at Tank's pickup truck and saw Pete leaning over inside the truck and Tank bent down and kissed him passionately. My cock throbbed in my jeans. I grabbed my cell phone and flipped through my contacts. Chris. Yeah, he's a hot little fucker.

I made the call.

"Hello?" he answered.

"Hey, Chris. It's Max."

"Hey, Max. It's been a while."

"You busy tonight?"

"Nah. Why don't you bring some beer and stop by?"

I stopped at the store and grabbed a six pack and headed to Chris's apartment. When he opened the door, my cock twitched in my pants. Man, I was hornier than I thought.

I smiled and held up the beer and he grabbed it and set it down on the counter. He turned around and wrapped his arms around my neck and pulled me down and kissed me. He pushed his tongue into my mouth and I pushed back with my own.

"Oh, fuck, Max. You're so hot," he moaned.

I took charge and grabbed him and dragged him to his bedroom. I pulled his t-shirt off, exposing his flat chest and slender waist. A quick tug had his shorts around his ankles. I wasted no time tossing my clothes onto the floor.

I looked down at Chris and took in the sight of his naked body. He had thick black hair and brown eyes, around 5'10" tall with a thin build.

I was slightly taller at 6'1" with 175 pounds of muscle. Chris ran his hands over my mohawk and grinned. I smirked at him and pushed him back onto his bed. I crawled on top of him, moving between his legs and pushing my seven and half inches of fat cut cock into his butt crack.

We made out for a while, until I got him hot and ready for me.

"Fuck me, Max," he begged.

I turned him over onto his stomach and he pawed at the nightstand drawer. I grabbed the lube and condom from him and got him stretched and opened for my cock.

I grabbed his hips and pulled him up onto all fours. Kneeling behind him, I rolled the condom onto my throbbing bone and got it nice and wet. Chris groaned like a slut in heat as I pushed the fat head into him.

"Like that?" I asked smugly, knowing damn well he did.

He moaned in reply, pushing back against me. Yeah, this slut was hot for it.

I grabbed his hips and slid all the way down to the root. When Chris started moving back and forth, that was my cue. I started pumping hard and fast. Chris was moaning and groaning, his head tossing back and forth. I slammed into him over and over.

I was feeling generous tonight, so I leaned over him, and moved my hand under, sliding it down his chest and stomach. I wrapped it around his cock and started stroking in rhythm with my pounding hips.

"Oh my god, Max! I'm gonna come!" he cried out.

I pounded him harder and I felt his dick throbbing in my hand as it shot come all over his bed.

I pushed back upright and gripped his hips tightly. My hips were flying hard and fast, slamming into him over and over.

"Oh, motherfuck, I'm gonna shoot!" I shouted.

I shoved into him one more time and blasted my pent up release into the condom.

I let out a deep breath and slapped Chris's ass cheek. "That was hot."

I collapsed on the bed next to him. Chris rolled over onto his back with a groan.

"I needed that. Thanks," he said.

I leaned over and gave him a quick kiss. I pulled the condom off and tied the end and tossed it onto the floor.

I had gotten off, but it didn't really do it for me like I thought it would. I laid there trying to figure out how to get the hell out of here.

"Max... That was great," Chris said. "But I gotta get up early in the morning. You can stay if you want, but I really need to get some sleep."

"Nah. Go to sleep, Chris."

"Okay, Max. Call me sometime. Thanks," he said quietly. His eyes drooped shut and he started to breathe lightly.

I got up and grabbed my clothes. After a quick clean up in the bathroom, I let myself out and headed home.

***

Monday afternoon I was sitting in my rig with my partner, Bill, eating lunch.

"I don't know how you can eat that shit," Bill said as he took a bite of his Italian sausage hoagie.

"Maybe you should look into natural peanut butter sandwiches. You're getting a little soft around the middle," I chuckled.

I stuffed the last of my peanut butter sandwich into my mouth and grabbed a celery stalk.

"I'd rather be a little fluffy than have to eat cardboard and rabbit food," he laughed.

I was about to give a snappy comeback, when the radio interrupted us. "Dispatch to Unit 5-9."

Bill grabbed the radio and acknowledged the call. He toss his lunch aside and turn on the lights and we sped off.

When we arrived at the convenience store, we jumped out of the ambulance with our gear. A young woman wearing a shirt with the store logo motioned for us and we followed her around to the back of the convenience store.

Bill and I knelt beside the young body lying on the pavement behind the store. He was a young man, in his early to mid-twenties. His blond hair was long and matted with blood. He was short and lean. He looked like he worked out quite a bit, but he clearly could not defend himself from such a brutal attack.

"Jesus," Bill muttered under his breath. "Someone really beat the living shit out of him."

"I came back to dump the trash and he was just lying there," the clerk said.

I tried to engage him in conversation while Bill checked his vitals.

"Can you hear me?" I asked the little guy.

He groaned and choked back a sob and turned his head away from me.

"He's stable enough for us to move," Bill said. "I'll get the gurney."

Bill ran off and I returned my attention to my charge.

"My name is Max. What's yours? Hey. Look at me," I said to the guy as I snapped my fingers.

He turned and looked at me. His face was bruised all over, his left eye nearly swollen shut. His eyes were a dull blue, sad and tormented. He squeezed them shut tight and tears poured out. Even through the bruises, I could see that he was beautiful. I felt my heart breaking for him. Tears filled my eyes and I'm not sure why, but I took his hand in mine.

"It's okay," I said quietly. "Everything is going to be okay. I promise."

The cops finally arrived and strolled up and started questioning the clerk as we carried the boy away.

When we pushed into the ER, the nurse led us to Trauma 2. As we pushed him through the hall, I saw Tank standing at the triage station.

"Tank!" I called out.

He looked up and came running after us. We handed off our patient to the doctors and nurses and backed off so they could do their jobs.

I made eye contact with Tank. He nodded at me and turned to do his job. Bill tapped his fist on my arm and we headed back to our rig.

***

I couldn't stop thinking about the little guy. The look in his eyes. So sad and so lonely. I wanted to help him, but I didn't really know what I could do.

As soon as my shift was over, I headed back to the hospital and found Tank and took him aside.

"Hey, Tank," I said quietly. "How's he doing?"

"Who? The guy you brought in?"

"Yeah."

"Not good. They induced a coma because they were worried about the swelling around his brain."

"Jesus."

"He didn't have any ID on him. We don't have any idea who he is. They've moved him upstairs. Why don't you go check on him?"

"Nah," I shrugged.

"You sure, bub? He doesn't have anyone right now."

Tank squeezed my shoulder and I nodded at him and headed upstairs. I found out which was his room and headed down the hall.

A pair of uniformed cops were standing outside the room. I knew one of them, Zach Greene. I had seen his partner, Peters, around, but didn't know him very well.

"Hey, Zach," I said as I extended my hand.

"Max, what are you doing here?"

"I brought the kid in. I wanted to check on him. You guys know anything?"

"It looks like he was beaten and then he managed to walk to the store before he passed out. We went up and down the block, but didn't come up with anything. No one has reported him missing either."

I pulled out a business card and handed it to Zach. "If you hear anything, can you let me know?"

"Sure, man. We're gonna head out. I'll catch you later."

I gave them a nod of my head as they left. I went inside and pulled up a chair next to the left side of his bed.

He had been cleaned up, but he was in pretty bad shape. Bruises all over his face and body, and he had a sprained right wrist and a cracked rib according to his chart.

"Hey, little guy," I said quietly. "Sorry. I don't know your name. I'm Max. Maybe you remember me?"

I sat and quietly talked to him for a couple of hours, mostly just babbling on and on about nothing.

I returned the next evening, then the evening after that, staying longer each time.

***

I found myself sitting with him Thursday evening, holding his hand. The swelling in his face had gone down some, but the bruises looked awful. He was still beautiful, though.

"You know, they said you can wake up at anytime. So if you did that, then I wouldn't be sitting here talking to myself. No? Well, hmm... Maybe I can tell you a story."

I told him about Pete and Tank and how they got together. How happy and cute they were and how they made me sick with all their kissing and touching.

"I guess they're still in their honeymoon phase," I laughed. "From what Tank tells me, I'm surprised Pete can walk. You'll meet Pete one day. I bet you'll like him. What the fuck am I saying? What the hell am I doing here?"

I sighed softly.

"Max?" a quiet voice interrupted from the doorway.

I looked up to see Pete walk in, carrying a plastic grocery bag and I quickly let go of my new friend's hand.

"Speak of the devil," I said. "Hey, Pete. What are you doing here?"

"Toby said that you'd be here. I wanted to check on how you were doing. I brought you something to eat."

"How did Tank know I was here?"

He shrugged. "I don't know. Hospital gossip I guess. Here, I made you dinner."

Pete handed me the plastic bag and I pulled out a plastic container and fork. I popped open the top and smelled it. Grilled chicken with a lemon sauce and brown rice.

"Mm. This looks great, Pete. Thanks. Pull up a chair and sit with me for a bit."

I dug into my dinner. I hadn't realized how hungry I was.

"You look tired, Max," Pete said quietly. "Have you been staying here all night?"

"Not all night... This chicken is fucking fantastic, by the way."

"It's one of Toby's favorites, too," he said with a smile.

I knew from the little smile and glimmer in his eyes that Pete was thinking of Tank. He blinked and turned his attention back to me.

"So, Max... Why are you here?" Pete asked.

"Fuck if I know, Pete. But the little guy doesn't have anybody. He's been here since Monday and no one has reported him missing. He looks so helpless. When we got there, he looked at me and I'll never forget the look in his eyes. I... I want to help him... To take care of him."

I felt myself getting emotional and I turned away for a second and cleared my throat.

Pete smiled sympathetically. "Well, just don't forget to take care of yourself."

Pete sat with me for another hour or so and we quietly talked.

Pete looked at his watch and stood up. "Toby is getting off work now, so I guess I should get going. Don't stay too late, Max."

Pete leaned down and hugged me, then packed the dirty container and fork back into the plastic bag.

"Thanks, Pete."

He gave me a wave and was out the door. I returned my attention to the man in the bed. I took his hand again.

"I'm gonna rest my eyes for a second," I told him. "Just let me know if you need anything."

I settled down in the chair and closed my eyes.

***

[squeeze]

My eyes flew open. I looked down at my hand. His left hand was still resting in mine. I swear I felt a squeeze. I looked up at his face. He was still sleeping. I looked up at the clock. Shit. I had fallen asleep nearly four hours ago.

[squeeze]

Okay. He definitely squeezed my hand.

"Hey, buddy," I said with a laugh. "Are you waking up? Come on... Wake up for me..."

He gripped my hand harder and started to stir. As he moved, he groaned in pain. His eyes fluttered open and he looked at me.

I smiled warmly at him.

"Hey, little guy. I'm glad to see you finally joined the living. I-- We've been worried about you. I'm Max. What's your name?"

"Col--", he croaked out before he had a coughing fit. He cleared his throat and started over. "Colby."

"I'm gonna call the nurse, okay?"

I stood up to move around the other side of the bed. His hand was gripping mine hard and I chuckled.

"I'm gonna need my hand back," I joked.

His eyes widened and he looked horrified as he jerked his hand away.

"S-s-sorry."

"It's okay," I reassured him. "I didn't mind."

I walked over and pressed the call button.

"You were in the alley," he said quietly. "You're a fireman?" he asked, looking at my uniform.

"That was me. I'm an EMT. Me and my partner brought you here."

The nurse stepped in with a furrowed brow, but when she saw that Colby was awake she smiled.

"Oh, I see you're finally awake," she said. "I'll get the doctor right away."

She disappeared and returned a moment later with a young doctor and a second nurse in tow. I stepped back towards the door so that they could do their job. Colby looked at me with panic on his face.

The doctor started examining Colby. "I'm Doctor Rajesh. Your friend can stay. No need to be frightened."

"I'll be right over here, Colby," I said.

"Your name is Colby? What's your last name?" Rajesh asked him.

"Chase."

"Can you tell us what happened to you, Colby?" Rajesh asked him.

"I... I was beat up," he whispered.

"Can you tell us who did this?"

He closed his eyes and shook his head.

The doctor finished his exam and told Colby that he would let the police know that he was awake because they wanted to talk to him. I could see that Colby was fighting not to lose it when Rajesh mentioned the police. When they finished up with Colby, the doctor quietly told me that he needed rest and he asked me to not stay for long.

I sat down in my seat next to Colby.

Colby looked at me sheepishly. "Thank you for your help," he whispered.

"You're welcome, little guy. You know the police are going to want to know what happened to you. Do you think you'll be able to tell them?"

Colby shook his head.

"Is there someone you'd like me to call? Your parents?"

"No," he said loudly and firmly. It was the loudest I had heard him speak.

"Okay, buddy," I said, backing off. "How about a, um, girlfriend?"

"No girlfriend."

"Boyfriend?" I asked with a sly grin.

Colby's eyes widened and I could see him blush under the bruises.

"No boyfriend," he said, so quiet I had to strain to hear him.

"Good," I said and leaned back in my chair, a smug grin sliding across my face.

His mouth fell open and he looked at me with shock. He quickly recovered and the blush crept down his neck and he gave me a bashful smile.

Colby's eyelids started to grow heavy. I tenderly rubbed his arm and said, "You need to rest. I'll let you get some sleep and I'll check in on you tomorrow afternoon if you want."

Colby nodded and I squeezed his hand and watched his eyes droop shut. I watched him sleep for a few moments.

"Goodnight, Colby," I whispered before I left for the night.

***

The next afternoon, I was whistling to myself as I walked down the hall to Colby's room. When I stepped into the room, my smile disappeared.

Colby was practically curled up into the fetal position and he was sobbing.

"Colby? What's wrong?" I said as I hurried to the side of his bed.

"Max," he sobbed. "The cops... They called my parents. I didn't want them to know. If they--"

He hiccuped as he tried to control his crying.

I took his hand and tried to soothe him. "Colby. Calm down. Shh... It'll be okay. That's better..."

Colby's crying softened and he started to settle. He suddenly jerked his hand away from me and his body stiffened. His eyes widened in terror and he looked past me. I turned around to see an older man and woman enter the room.

"Oh my goodness!" the woman cried. "What did you do to yourself?"

The woman looked to be in her fifties. Blond hair that came from a bottle. A little overweight and a little too much makeup. She walked up to Colby and hugged him. She looked up at me with confusion as she hugged her son into her chest.

"I'm Max," I offered. "Max Warner. It's nice to meet you, Mrs. Chase."

"Broward," the male voice boomed from behind me. "She's Mrs. Broward."

I turned and got a good look at what must be the step-dad. He was tall and brawny, with muscular chest and arms from working rather than working out. Thinning brown hair generously peppered with gray. His brown beard stubble was also graying. His eyes were dark and uninviting, as was the permanent scowl on his face.

I reached my hand out to him.

"The little sissy ain't mine," he growled.

I quickly pulled my hand out of his and balled it into a fist at my side. I had to get out of the room before I did something I'd regret.

"Colby," I said with as reassuring a smile as I could. "I'll be back in a little bit to check on you, okay?"

He was pleading with his eyes for me to stay. I wanted to reassure him and comfort him, but I wasn't sure what to do or say.

I stepped out into the hallway and fumed. I paced back and forth, my mind going a mile a minute. Colby's step-dad was a fucking asshole. No wonder he was so scared about them finding out.

I saw Zach Greene and Peters walking up the hall towards me and I raced up to them and fell in line next to Zach.

"Zach. Did you call Colby's parents?"

"Yeah. We called them about an hour ago. His mom and step-dad. Why? Are they here yet?"
