 I met Heather at the mall one afternoon when my friend and I were hanging around checking out girls. We liked going to the arcade in the mall to play the games and to look at the girls walking around. We started talking to Heather and her friend Lorie when they played one of the games next to us.

I found out Heather lived in another town fifteen miles from where Larry and I lived. Like me, she was eighteen. She graduated from high school in the spring and planned to go to college. The four of us spent the afternoon together talking and getting to know one another. When we left for home, I had Heather's phone number and we agreed to meet at the mall next weekend.

Larry and I got on the bus and headed home. We talked about the two girls and wondered if we could get them to go out with us.

"I think those two chicks are hot, Mark," Larry said as we rode toward home.

"No shit! They're both built and cute," Larry said.

I nodded, thinking about Heather. I liked the way her long blonde hair hung over her shoulders and rested on her ample breasts. She was trim with a cute butt her skintight jeans accented. Lorie was cute too. She was a little shorter and stockier with large breasts and coal black hair.

"Are you going to call Lorie?" I said.

"Hell yes! Aren't you going to call Heather?"

I nudged Larry and said, "You better believe it. Maybe I can borrow my dad's car and we can take them to the drive-in or something."

I called Heather later in the evening and we talked for an hour. She told me she played in her school's band and got good grades. I told her I played basketball and did okay in school.

Over the next week, I went to work at the local hardware store and then called Heather in the evening. I talked to Larry and found out he and Lorie talked every night too. The following Saturday, Larry and I headed for the mall. We met Heather and Lorie at the arcade and spent the day together. By the time we had to leave, Heather and I were holding hands when we walked around the mall.

"Will we see you guys next Saturday?" Heather said as we stood at the bus stop. She put her hands on my hips, stretched up, and gave me a chaste kiss. "I hope so."

"Maybe I can get the car and we can go out. We could go to a movie or something," I said.

Heather cocked her head and looked at her girlfriend. "Do you want to go out with these guys next weekend?" Heather said.

"Sure, where are we going?" Lorie said.

"How about going to a movie?" Larry offered.

"A movie would be cool. What's playing at the drive-in?" Heather said.

"I don't know, but I'll find out and we can talk about it this week," I said to Heather.

"Um, do you think you can get some beer?" Lorie said.

"Sure, that's easy," Larry said.

Heather moved closer and we kissed again. We continued kissing while waiting for our respective busses. Like Heather and me, Larry and Lorie kissed each other. The girls' bus showed up and after another kiss, they said goodbye. Larry and I waved at them, high-fiving each other after their bus pulled away.

I managed to get my dad to let me use his car the following weekend. Larry and I agreed to meet the girls at the mall at six, go out to eat, and then go to the drive-in. I stopped at the market and bought a twelve pack of cans from the old man who only required money for proof of age.

"Do you think they'll get it on with us tonight?" Larry said as I drove to the mall.

"I don't know, but I hope so," I said. "If nothing else, I'll bet they let us make out and feel them up."

Heather and Lorie were waiting at our prearranged meeting place. I pulled up to the curb and Larry jumped out. He held the seat forward so Lorie could climb into the back and followed her in. Heather got in the front seat and closed the door.

"Where would you like to eat?" I said as I pulled away.

"We can go to Webster's. They have good burgers and fries," Heather said.

"That's cool, where is it?" I said.

Heather gave me directions to the restaurant. I pulled into a slot and waited for the carhop to come take our orders. We ordered our food and started talking about what we'd been doing for the week. Even though we talked on the phone every night, Heather and I still found something to talk about when we were together.

After we ate, Larry and I split the bill. I drove to the drive-in, found a place in the back row, and backed in. I hung the scratchy sounding speaker on my window and we sat back. As it got dark, the previews of coming attractions began showing on the big screen.

"Does anyone want a beer?" Larry said.

We all said yes and Larry got out the passengers' side to get the twelve pack from the trunk. When he pushed the seat forward, Heather scooted next to me. Larry came back, got in, and passed out cans of beer. We ripped the tabs off, put them in the ashtray, and began sipping the cold liquid.

The first movie of the double feature began. I put my arm on the back of the seat for a moment and then put it over Heather's shoulders. She smiled and moved against me. We put our beers down, turned toward each other, and began kissing. For the next hour, we kissed and drank our beers. In the backseat, Larry and Lorie did the same thing.

After a couple beers, I got brave. As I kissed Heather, I rubbed her side and moved closer to her breast. When my hand covered one of her firm mounds, she moaned into my mouth. I began massaging her while moving my tongue in her mouth. I continued feeling her up for a while before she pulled away. She finished her beer and we relaxed.

The first movie ended and we decided to go to the concession stand to use the bathrooms. Larry and I went into the men's room, took a piss, and went out to wait for the girls.

"How are you and Lorie doing?" I said to Larry.

"Great, she doesn't care if I touch her tits," Larry said with a chuckle.

"Yeah, Heather is letting me feel her up too. I'm going to try to get under her shirt when we get back to the car."

Lorie and Heather came out of the bathroom. The four of us headed for the car and got in. After getting fresh beers, we settled in for the second movie. When I began kissing Heather, I put my hand on her breast. I fondled her for a few minutes and then moved my hand to the hem of her shirt. When I started pulling her shirt out of her jeans, Heather stopped me. She took my wrist in her hand and put my hand back on her breast on the outside of her clothing.

"Not so fast," Heather said in my ear. She kissed my cheek and picked up her beer.

I removed my hand from Heather's chest so I could take a drink of beer. We started kissing again and I moved my hand from one breast to the other.

The movie ended and we got ready to leave. Heather sat next to me and I kept my arm around her shoulders. Glancing in the rearview mirror, I watched Larry as he kissed Lorie and felt her up.

Heather gave me directions to her house. When we got there, both of the girls got out of the car. Larry and I got out with them and we stood against the car, saying goodbye. I asked Heather if she wanted to go out the following Saturday and she said she'd let me know.

"We have to go in before my dad sees us," Heather said. "Call me on Monday."

"Can I call you tomorrow?" I said.

"I have to go to my aunt's house with my parents. If it isn't too late, I'll call you when I get home," Heather said.

Larry and I walked the girls to the front porch. They went in, waving before Heather closed the door. We ran back to the car, jumped in, and I took off. Larry and I went to my house and I parked the car. We took the remaining beers out of the trunk and walked to the park at the end of my street.

"Tonight was hot, wasn't it?" Larry said.

Nodding, I said, "Yeah, but Heather wouldn't let me under her shirt."

"Loire wouldn't let me under her shirt either. I tried to rub her pussy, but she wouldn't let me," Larry said.

Laughing, I said, "Well, it is our first date. Maybe they'll let us go further next time we go out with them."

Larry and I finished our beers. He took off, walking across the park toward his house. I went home and removed the pull-tabs from the ashtray. In the house, I tried to be very quiet as I went upstairs to my room. After removing my tee shirt, shoes, socks, and jeans, I got into bed.

Stretching out on my back, I began rubbing my cock. I replayed the things Heather and I did, using the thoughts as fuel for my masturbation. Heather was the second girl I'd gone out with and the first girl I felt up. Remembering the feeling of her breasts in my hand caused my climax to build quickly. A few moments later, I shot my semen into a wad of tissues. I rested for a few minutes and repeated the act.

Heather called me late Sunday night. She told me she had a good time at the drive-in and wanted to go out the following weekend. We talked for a half hour and then said goodnight. On Monday, I called Larry to see if he talked to Lorie. He told me they went out on Sunday and had a good time. When I pressed him for details, he told me they didn't do anything more than what happened at the drive-in.

The following Saturday night was a repeat of the previous night at the drive-in. The four of us went out to eat, went to the movie, and drank beer while making out. Again, Heather didn't let me get under her top, limiting me to feel her breasts on the outside of her clothing. On the way home, Larry told me that Lorie wouldn't let him touch her bare flesh either.

Larry and I took Heather and Lorie out a couple more times. Heather and I talked every night and so did Larry and Lorie. On Wednesday, while we talked on the phone, Heather invited me to a party. She told me a friend of hers was getting a keg and throwing a bash. I asked Larry if Lorie told him about the party and he told me she did.

"This sucks, Mark. I have to go to my grandparents next weekend," Larry said as we sat in my backyard.

"Can't you get out of it? Heather said the party is going to be a blast," I said.

"There's no way. Our family has a reunion every five years. If I don't go, I'll never hear the end of it."

"What did Lorie say when you told her you can't go?"

"She said she understood."

Shrugging my shoulders, I said, "Is she going?"

"Yeah, she said she was. I don't care, Mark. It isn't like I'm going steady with her." Larry chuckled. "Besides, I have a few hot second cousins who will be at the reunion. Who knows, I might get lucky. I haven't been able to get past second base with Lorie."

"I'm hoping it changes for me. Heather said there was going to be a keg of beer and booze at the party. Maybe if I get her drunk, she'll let me at her tits."

"Don't get her so drunk she passes out. Making out with a chick who isn't awake doesn't sound like much fun," Larry said.

"I don't plan to get her loaded, Larry. Maybe a nice buzz will do the trick."

Larry and I talked for a little longer and then he left. I went inside to call Heather and find out how to get to the party. She told me if I could get a ride to her house, Lorie would drive us to the party. After hanging up with Heather, I asked my dad for a ride. He told me he would take me.

I called Heather on Friday night. Her mom told me she wasn't home and would give her the message I called. Heather called me on Saturday and told me she went out with Lorie.

"Most of the guys wear shorts to these parties, Mark. My girlfriend has a pool and we usually end up going swimming," Heather said. "What time are you going to be here?"

"I'll be there by six. That's what time you said you wanted to leave," I said.

"Cool, I can't wait. This party should be fun."

I wanted to ask Heather about my chances of having fun with her, but I didn't. We talked for a few minutes and then I hung up. Dad and I worked in the yard, baking in the July heat. At four, I went in to take a shower and get ready.

After showering and shaving, I went to my room. I found a pair of cutoff jeans and put them on sans underwear. If we went swimming, I didn't want stand around with wet briefs. I finished dressing and went downstairs to wait for my dad to drive me to Heather's house. He and Mom were going out so I couldn't have the car. At five thirty, Dad drove me to Heather's house.

"Hi, come in," Heather said when she opened the front door.

I smiled when I noticed Heather wore a skirt and crop top instead of the jeans and blouses she usually wore. Lorie was there, also dressed in a skirt. Heather gave me a kiss and then we left. The three of us sat in the front seat of Lorie's car. On the way, I paid attention to where we were.

At the party, Heather introduced me to several of her friends. We drew beers from the keg and milled around the backyard. Lorie spent most of her time talking with a couple boys I didn't know. I asked Heather about the boys and she told me they were friends from school.

As the evening progressed, Heather and I kept our glasses full. We ate some of the food and then sat down. She sat on my lap with one arm around my neck. I held her around her waist and gently stroked the bare flesh above her skirt's waistband. Heather wiggled on my legs as I slowly moved my hand higher. Feeling brave, I moved my hand up until I touched what I thought was her bra.

Heather grinned and lifted her top, showing me the top of a two-piece bathing suit. "I plan to go swimming tonight," Heather said teasingly.

"I guess I should have brought a suit," I said.

"You're okay, most of the boys swim in their cutoffs."

"Do you know where the bathroom is?"

"Yeah, it's in the house down the hall from the living room." Heather got off my legs. "I'll be out here."

I got up, walked into the house, and found the bathroom. There were a couple people waiting so I stood in line. After using the bathroom, I went back outside to find Heather. I refilled my cup with cold beer and walked around the backyard looking for her.

I saw Heather standing with Lorie and a couple other boys. They were talking and laughing, but they stopped when I walked over to them. Heather introduced me to the two boys, telling me she and Lorie knew them from school.

Heather told the two boys she'd talk to them later and moved next to me. We walked toward the pool and saw there were several kids swimming. Heather asked if I wanted to get into the pool and I told her I would.

We went to the patio so Heather could remove her top and skirt. I took my tee shirt off and placed it with her things. Taking my hand, Heather led me to the pool. We jumped into the water and started moving around. I took Heather in my arms and gave her a kiss. She pressed her chest against me, returning my kiss as she rubbed my back.

While Heather and I stood in the water, Lorie, and the two boys she'd been talking to, joined us. The boy Heather introduced as Frank splashed her and she splashed him back. The next thing I knew, all of us were splashing each other. I watched as the other boy, Dan, dunked Lorie. She came up, threw her arms around Dan, and tried to dunk him.

Our horseplay continued. Heather tried to dunk me and then Frank dunked her. We played in the pool for a little longer and then got out to rest and have a beer. Heather found a stack of towels and gave me one. After drying off, we sat down on the lawn. Frank, Dan, and Lorie joined us. We talked for a while and then Frank asked Heather about the bathroom. She said she had to go too and led Frank toward the house.

I sipped my beer while waiting for Heather to return. Lorie got up, said she'd be back, and started walking away. Dan got up and followed her and I remained on the lawn drinking my beer. I emptied my cup and went to refill it. After getting more beer, I found my tee shirt and put it on, moving into the house to find something to eat.

Standing in the kitchen, I snacked on chips and a piece of cold pizza. I'd been pacing myself so I wouldn't get too drunk too early. I waited for Heather to return from the bathroom, knowing she'd have to walk through the kitchen to go back outside.

After waiting for about fifteen minutes, I moved toward the living room. I glanced around the corner, stopping in my tracks when I saw Heather standing against a wall with Frank holding her. As I watched, I saw her move her hand between their bodies and rub his crotch. He slipped his hands into the back of her bathing suit and squeezed Heather's ass. They started kissing without regard to who was watching them.

I backed up so Heather wouldn't see me watching her. She continued making out with Frank and rubbing his crotch. He stepped back, took her hand, and led her down the hallway. I acted as if I was going to the bathroom and followed them.

Frank pulled Heather into a doorway. I moved closer, watching as he flipped the door closed. The door didn't close all the way and I stood so I could see into the room. I could see their reflection in a mirror and I stood there watching as Frank removed Heather's top. He dropped his head and sucked one of her nipples while she held his head.

While Frank lunched on Heather's breast, she unfastened his shorts. She pushed them down, wrapped her hand around his cock, and began stroking him. Frank removed his mouth from her breast and said something to Heather. She smiled and knelt on the floor. Heather moved out of my field of view, but it didn't take a rocket scientist to know what was going on.

Feeling hurt and pissed, I walked away. I saw Lorie making out with Dan, but ignored them. The only thing I could think of was getting out of the house and away from the party. I went out the back door, and started around the house. I thought about doing something to Heather's clothes, but decided against it. Walking around the side of the house, I picked up speed. I headed toward the main road wondering how I would get home.

When I reached the main road, I started walking toward my town and fumed as I thought about what I'd seen. Maybe Heather and I weren't going together, but I felt what she did was wrong. After walking about a half mile, I began to calm down. I moved closer to the road, walked backwards, and stuck my thumb out. It wasn't the first time I hitchhiked and it probably wouldn't be the last.

There wasn't much traffic on the road. I watched the oncoming headlights, sticking my thumb out when a car came closer to me. Several cars went by, but no one stopped. I continued walking and thinking about what happened.

After about a half hour, a car pulled over to the side of the road. I jogged to the car, opened the door, and got into the front seat.

"Hi, where are you headed?" the driver said.

I looked over, smiled, and said, "Hey, Greg, how's it going? I'm headed to Zephyrhills."

I knew Greg Beckman from school. He was two grades ahead of me and played basketball too. I remembered playing scrimmage games with him and the other varsity team members when I was on the junior varsity team and he played varsity. Because of the difference in our ages, we didn't hang around with the same crowd.

"Do I know you?" Greg said.

"You might not remember me. I played ball on JV when you were a senior. I'm Mark Nelson," I said.

"Oh yeah, I remember you now. You guys had a good season last year." Greg put the car in drive and pulled away.

"Yeah, but we didn't make the championship. Thanks for stopping."

"No problem. What are you doing over here?" Greg said.

"Going home from a party." I gave Greg an abridged version of what happened.

"Finding out like you did sucks." Greg reached under the front seat and pulled out a brown paper bag. He put the bag between his legs, twisted off the cap, and took a drink. "Here, this might make you feel better."

I took the bag from Greg and pulled it down so I could see the bottle inside. Smiling, I took a mouthful of the whiskey from the half-empty bottle. The liquor burned going down and warmed me. I took another sip and gave the bottle back to Greg.
