 This is a true story from two days ago. I'm a 47 year old married man. I mostly love pussy. But some times when I get these urges to be with a man they are to fight. I'm 5'3" and weight around 160. Dark hair blue eyes and a nice butt. I've only been with a few men. Only oral so far. 

Well anyway. Two days ago I was fishing for a cock to play with on my favorite gay dating app. When I got a hit from a guy who wanted to play. He had a nice pic and said he was at work. So I asked him if he wanted me to give him a nice massage when he got off work. He said he would get off around 4pm witch was about an hour away but he could not host. I could not host either. What a dilemma. I still kept chatting with him and unlocked my private pictures. So he could see my nice sexy little ass and six inch cut hard cock. I asked him for a Dick pic. He sent me a picture of a beautiful seven inch thick cock. My mouth was watering at the sight of that magnificent piece of meat. My dick started to grow as I started to imagine it in my mouth. I started to think I had to have it.

Many times I start chatting with these guys and it doesn't work out. So I wanted to figure some way to make this happen. So after trying to figure out another way to hook up. A told him I was so horny I would try anything. So he asked if I would be interested in sucking him off in his car. I said where? After a few minutes he said or maybe in a rest room. My mind started racing. I've never done anything in public before.

I've been to some rest areas in the past. I had guys hit on me there. One time I pretended to be digging for something in my truck with my shorts pulled up in my ass Crack to show this guy my ass. When I looked back at him he had his cock out stroking it. But I chickened out like always. 

I decided to go to the Home Depot near the area where he talked about meeting. While I was shopping around I got another message saying he wanted to meet in a rest room at McDonald's. It was almost 4 and I had to make a decision. So I told him I'd be there but I was nervous and didn't no how this works. He assured me that we would not get caught. And to message him when I arrived and he would go in and check it out. 

So I went for it. When I got there I was shaking because I was so excited and nervous. But I wanted that beautiful peace of meat in my mouth. So I told him I was there. He said come in its private. So I did. 

When I walked in I seen a big private stall. It had a 3/4 wall and door with a lock. I knocked on the door and it opened. When I walked I finally seen him in person. He was hot. He was 6' tall in his 40s with a little gray hair but very sexy. He had a button up shirt with a tie and dress pants. We started groping each other quick. I dropped to my knees and started undoing his pants to pull out his semi hard cock. I quickly wrapped my lips around it and started sucking him to full mast. His cock tasted soooo good. Once he was fully hard I started licking and slurping his nice set of balls. He said do you like that. I just looked up at him with puppy dog eyes while I let the shaft slide up and down my lips. Then I started to swirl my tongue around the big pulsating head. I could taste the yummy precum dripping out of his slit. Then I took him deep stretching my throat. Slowly in and out. Then faster. 

Swirling my tongue while keeping him in my mouth. Then he says what do you do with the cum? I said I eat it. Then he pulled his pants down to his ankles and sat down on the toilet. That was perfect for me to lick his balls and ass hole. He say mmmmmm I like that. I go back to deep throating and he put his hand on the back of my head to control the movement. I know he's getting close to blowing. So I decided to finish him. I used that throat slobber to lube him up. I start stroking him hard and fast with my tongue swirling around his head. I hear his breath getting quicker and he started to moan softly. His cock started to swell and I take the head in my mouth just as he began to shoot that hot salty load. Pumping burst after burst as I suck and swallow it all. It tastes so good. My head was spinning. Then he pulled out and put it away.

Then reality hit and I remember where we are. We both say thanks and I head out the door quick.