 I came inside his place for the first time and was quite surprised by how dark it was. Even so, I wasn't worried. Eric was a very sweet guy, though some might be intimidated by him. He was a large man, very hairy, with a deep voice. He was much older then me. I'd be turning 19 in a few mouths, making me half his age.

We sat on his couch, hands on each other, rubbing our chest and thighs. He pulled his cigarette from his lips and sat it on the ash tray. I leaned into him as he relaxed on the couch and our lips met. Parting my lips I waited for him to push into my mouth but he didn't. His tongue licked my lips, he sucked on them, pulled them with his teeth.

Eagar for something more I pressed my face into him harder and slipped my hand under his shirt. He responded with my wish, entering my mouth with his wet tongue. I sucked on it, licking it, my tongue playing with it's new friend. He tasted like Juicy Fruit, I smiled inwardly, I had been chewing some too just before we got together, making sure I'd taste good for him.

Removing my mouth from his I lowered my head, lifting his shirt up so I could get to his nipples. I couldn't see them in the dark so I felt around with my tongue, he was very hairy, my lips brushed through his hair, searching, and finally finding their goal.

I sucked it softly into my mouth, nursing on it like a baby. Then scraping my teeth over it. Thinking of the much more exciting treat waiting further down I slipped off the couch, onto my knees. I pressed my face against his crouch, feeling his hard cock through the material. With one hand I unzipped him, reaching in I gripped another man for the first time, and pulled him out to say hello.

His cock was about 7 inches, and extremely thick. It had that triangle shape, where the shaft widens as it goes toward the base. I brought the head to my lips and opened my mouth, breathing out slowly. I pressed my nose to it and inhaled, taking in his scent, letting him feel me exhale on the base of his shaft.

I playfully began kissing him all over his shaft, little pecks, not enough to please him, just tease him with the touch of my lips. Having savored the moment I started my work. I flattened my tongue against him and licked to his head. Moving his cock to the side I licked up the left, then the right. On the last lick I pulled my tongue back and lowered my head, his head entering my moist mouth.

I closed my lips around the shaft, just below the head. I explored it with my tongue, feeling the outer softness, the firmness under the skin. I could taste a bit of precum, wanting more I wiggled the point of my tongue against the hole, tasting more. I felt his hands on me then, but unfortunately not urging me on, pulling me away from this gorgeous meat. 

He led me through a short hallway into his bedroom, I could see the glimmer of his cigarette bud ahead of me. When he reached the bed he patted the side of it, motioning me to lay down.

I lay back on the bed and watched him start to undress. I was extremely nervous, when he lay down next to me I started to tremble. Oh my God I couldn't believe it, like a girl or something. I tried to relax but I couldn't stop, my legs mostly.

Eric slipped his arm around me and pulled me to him.

"Are you okay?" He asked, feeling me shake.

"Yeah, just nervous." I said. It was hard to get the words out, I've never been a frail girly man or anything, but suddenly I felt small and meek pressed against his chest.

He brought his lips to mine and we kissed. His hand gripped my shirt, breaking our kiss he pulled it off me. His head traveled down my neck, licking. When they met my nipples I gasp, I didn't realize how much pleasure a man could get from that. He worked on them for awhile, driving me nuts, I moaned and shuddered under him.

I felt his hand on my crouch, unzipping me. I raised my hips to help him slide them off. His fingers entered my briefs, touching me there for the first time. I shook with anticipation as he moved down the bed, and suddenly without teasing me as I had him he took my whole dick into his mouth.

I gasped and arched my back. He pulled off and licked from the tip to the base, running his tongue over my balls he opened up and took one in his lips. I reached down and rested my hand on his head as he sucked. He removed my briefs as he continued licking and sucking around me. I thought the nipple attention was great, but this was better. I wanted to feel his balls, something I'd missed on my first chance. I tugged him up to me and kissed, then slid down his naked body, running my hands through his chest hair.

I pressed my face into his groin, rubbing his cock on my cheeks. His balls where large and soft, I licked them joyfully, tasting his sweat. I sucked his nuts into my mouth as he'd done to me, pulling them away from his body softly until they popped out of my mouth.

I stroked his dick with my fingers before letting it in my mouth again. This time I tried to take as much as I could, gagging myself and then backing off. As I worked I let myself drool as much as I could, his cock and balls became slimly with my spit. I wanted to feel him cum in my mouth, but again his hands pulled me up.

"Are you ready for me to fuck you?" He asked.

"No." I answered straightly.

"Awww!" He grumbled.

Enthralled with his cock I wanted to please him, and wasn't really adverse to a fucking.

"Let's do it." I said.

I moved up his body, positioning my ass over his cock. I reached between my legs and pointed him up. No condom, no lube, no preparation. It was quite the mistake, I'm surprised Eric let me do it. I did it with such confidence that I think he thought I knew what I was doing, or maybe he wanted to watch me scream.

Ouch. I lowered my self onto him easily, then the pain hit. I gritted my teeth and squirmed on top of him.

"Are you okay?" He asked.

"No." I replied.

But I didn't get off, I sat, grunting and shaking on him, thinking to myself PULL OFF PULL OFF! Somehow I stayed, the pain subsiding. I panted, relieved.

Smiling down at him I said, "Okay!" Then I began to bounce. It brought back some pain, but I continued and it faded. Eric moaned under me, my virgin ass squeezing his cock. He reached for my bobbing cock, rubbing it.

"Wet." I said. He didn't seem to understand so I took his hand and spat into it. He wiped the spit around my cock and started to pump me.

"Oh yeah," I moaned, "Yes, shit, ah..."

Used to the invasion my ass started to feel really good, a burning pleasure filled my bowls and I pushed Eric's hand away, preferring to finish myself. I jerked quickly, looking down at him as I came, spraying my cum on his stomach. Trembling, I lay on his chest, he wrapped me in his arms and we lay for a minute, my cum rubbing between us.

Knowing he hadn't cum yet I pulled off him, laying on my back next to him I motioned for him to get on top. My ass was quite ready now, and he could be as rough as he wanted.

Eric took my knees and pushed them up against my chest and entered me. It was easy for him this time, and I moaned as I felt his cock in my ass again. I looked up at him, smiling and telling him to fuck me. He didn't waste any time, the sound of our flesh slapping together was loud in the dark room.

It only took him a few moments to grunt loudly, pushing in to the balls and groaning as he emptied inside me. He pulled out slowly and lay next to me, we cuddled and kissed, limp cocks caressing each other. He fell asleep then, with me in his arms.

He was so hot I had to get away, hot as in hot too. I untangled myself from his sleeping form and went to the bathroom, returning to snuggle in bed next to him and drift off to sleep.

I awoke at 3:00 a.m.

I looked at his sleeping form and touched his chest. He lay on his back, breathing softly. Running my hand down his body I rubbed his soft penis. I idly played with his balls and scooted down to get a better look. I got between his legs under the covers and laid my face on his thigh, breathing on his cock.

It started to harden and I took in in my mouth. The feel of it going from soft to hard inside me was wonderful. I tongued it, covering it in saliva. It got bigger then I could handle in my mouth so I backed off some. I lifted one hand to it's base and began stroking him while I sucked his head.

I don't know when he awoke but he was up now. I heard him moan and felt his hands on top the covers where my head was, pushing me down. I let him force my head down on his cock, I gagged and he back off. He forced me to gag a few times before I gave him a little love bite as a warning.

Pulling my mouth off I started jerking him with my hands, there was so much spit it dripped down my fingers. His breathing became harsh and I knew he was close to coming.

His hands reached under the covers and gripped mine, pulling them up to his stomach and holding them. He wanted me to finish him with my mouth, which was exactly what I wanted.

I took him it my mouth and sucked, pushing my tongue against the bottom I bobbed my head up and down as fast as I could, feeling his hands squeeze mine. He came in my mouth then, I knew it was coming but didn't quite expect it that soon. I tasted his cum, salty and slimily in my mouth. I swallowed immediately.

I crawled up his body and kissed him, sighing, we both hugged each other tight and sank into sleep.