 By way of introduction readers may enjoy reading Learning to Love Part 1 and 2. Enjoy.

***************************

A few nights after our wicked night at Anne's, where we experienced the 'Learn to Love' evening together, Mike arrived unannounced at my flat. He knocked at the door and when I answered he looked slightly strained as he said that he thought he would call over and share a few beers, Mike producing a six pack. I was only watching sport on TV so I invited Mike in.

Mike had been to my flat many times and quickly made himself at home. It was a hot summer's night and I was wearing a pair of shorts. Mike looked quite uncomfortably warm so I told him to relax and take off his shoes and shirt so he could cool down a little. This he did revealing his chest that was well toned and quite eye catching. We both continued to watch the TV making small talk.

Our discussion moved to the events of the previous weekend and how fantastic we had both found the experience at Anne's. Mike asked if I had thought any more about Anne's comment about attending a 'Boys Night'. He continued, sounding quite awkward and stuttering over his words, that he considered me his best friend and he didn't want to do anything to endanger that friendship. He then went on to say that some of the most satisfying moments he had experience the previous weekend had been shard with me. Although he wasn't gay, he wanted to explore his bi-sexual activities further.

I had in fact been thinking quite seriously about the events of the previous weekend. I too had enjoyed my interactions with Anne as well as with Mike. I thanked him for his honesty and said that I also felt the same. He seemed visibly relieved. We sat there in an awkward silence so I suggested that we logon to Anne's website and investigate the 'Boys Night' further. A study of the site showed that the next evening was a week away and it still had two spaces -- a maximum of four per session. We quickly completed a booking response form seeking those two last spaces and read about what the evening had in store.

Anne held these male only nights once a month. There were two evenings available -- the 'Boys Night' for 18 to 23 year olds and the 'Men's Night' for any age. They seemed to be held every 28 days so we took that as an indication that Anne could not complete her normal services at that time. The evening was described as being full of opportunities to explore male sexuality amongst friends and strangers. Manual, anal and oral experiences were included for those who wished. I could feel Mike's breathing getting quicker as we read and could almost smell his body as he stood behind me -- I was becoming more and more aroused.

Finally we logged off. I suggested to Mike that he may like to stay and watch a DVD since nothing much else seemed to be happening. He agreed so I went to organise a couple more beers while he went through my DVD collection looking for something interesting to watch. It didn't take him long to find my porn collection (much to my delight). Seeing he had found it I said that I didn't mind watching some porn if he wanted -- all the DVDs were good. I suggested he surprise me with his choice.

We sat on the couch next to each other and he pushed play on the DVD player. One my favourites began -- Bali Boys. The story is about a guy who was travelling to Bali to experience the 'Rights to Manhood' with his boyfriend. The opening sequence follows the journey to the boyfriends place to collect him and begin the adventure, However, upon arrival the door is opened by his naked boyfriend who is in bed with another guy. As a discussion develops as to why the boyfriend is no longer going to travel we are treated with scenes of oral sex taking place. Mike was becoming quite visibly excited and we were only minutes into the movie!

I decided that Mike was a little shy and I would need to take the lead. I stood and began to remove my shorts and then my underwear explaining that things were becoming a little restrictive given the circumstances. I moved reasonable seductively and it was apparent that Mike was taking it all in. Once naked I sat next to Mike and suggested that he to might like to relieve some of the pressure -- rubbing his now fully enlarged penis that was almost bursting through the seams of his shorts. Mike obliged as I gently rubbed my member making it quite obvious that I was becoming excited by what I was seeing both on the DVD and between his legs. We were soon both naked sitting watching the DVD stroking our members -- I soon began stroking Mike and he taking the cue reciprocated -- we were becoming increasingly less aware of what was happening on the DVD and more focused on our own needs.

Eventually, while continuing to stroke his cock, I slipped to the floor and moved around in front of Mike forcing his legs open giving me a full view of his hairless nine inch fully erect circumsized cock with two balls resting on his inner thighs. His head glistened with pre-cum and I moved in for a taste enclosing the head of his penis in my mouth while using my tongue to stimulate the very tip. Mike was moaning and clearly enjoying the attention I was giving. Fitting such a long cock into my mouth without gagging was not easy and I could only achieve about half the length as I began sliding his cock in and out of my mouth. With my hand I began rubbing his balls and stroking the base of his cock. Mike was clearly near orgasm so I increased the pace squeezing his balls more and more firmly and rubbing my thumb at the base of his ball sack. I felt his balls contract and Mike tighten his muscles lifting himself of the couch as he exploded into my mouth -- I thought he would never end as I struggled to keep up with the volume of cum. He eventually subsided and relaxed as I eagerly licked up the cum that had leaked down his cock from my mouth.

Mike then thanked me and said he would like to repay the favour. He asked me to stand and said that he had noted some of the things that had given me pleasure the previous week and he hoped he could please me. He also stood and began to massage my chest paying particular attention to my nipples. He then nibbled my ear lobes with his mouth and began moving with his tongue down my neck and onto my nipples -- his hands rubbing my hips. My penis responded even more and was now standing at its full seven inches and almost pointing to the roof -- his stimulation was clearly working and my cock felt so tight.

Mike moved further down my chest and to my stomach. I was aching for the feel of his tongue on my cock but he continued to take his time and make the most of the situation. Pre-cum now oozed from my cock as I rubbed my hands through his hair. Mike then massaged by balls and worked his way to the base of my cock before taking slow, long licks from the base of my cock to the its tip. I was now moaning and having difficulty holding my stance as I enjoyed every movement of Mike's hands and mouth. Eventually he enclosed his mouth around the head of my cock and began working my cock in and out of his mouth. His hands forced my legs apart and he reached through my legs and ran a finger to the base of my anus massaging around the hole. He then brought the hand back out and inserted his fingers into his mouth covering if with plenty of saliva. I knew what was coming and was moaning even louder in anticipation. Now well lubricated Mike moved his hand back to my anus while engulfing my cock. I could feel his finger enter my hole as he pushed forward bending his finger to find my magic spot. Within seconds I could feel my orgasm build. I called to Mike that I was going to cum while tightening my muscles and going onto my tiptoes. Mike continued to attack my cock and I exploded filling his mouth with cum. He eagerly worked my cock ensuring that every drop of cum was taken.

We both collapsed onto the couch -- exhausted. I complimented Mike on his previous observations saying that was one of the best orgasms I had ever experienced. We both agreed that we should do this again and we couldn't wait until next Friday at our 'Boys Night'.