 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*

I have been fucking my adopted son for about a year. This is how it started.

Billy had come to my wife Marie, and me, as a foster child when he was 6 years old after his parents had been killed in a car crash. At first we were happy to home him until an adoption could be organised but as time went on, Marie and I decided we wanted to keep him in our family so we adopted him. He was such a sweet boy - always friendly and helpful, bright blue eyes and dark brown hair, his body was a bit pudgy but not obese.

As Billy grew older his body changed - he grew tall, about 6 foot, and he started gymnastics and running in school so his body became defined and lean. We would go on runs together as that and swimming were the only forms of exercise I got. My body is ok - not overly muscled but decently defined. I have close cropped brown hair, brown eyes, hairy chest and runners legs. My cock is about 7" uncut and my balls are tight.

I was only 40 when Billy turned 18 so even though there was a difference in our ages, it didn't cause problems. He and I got very close when Marie left us for a work colleague when Billy was 15. After the initial shock of her leaving, we were always laughing and joking about, going camping, fishing. Neither of us knew anything about mechanics or cars and didn't really want to. We liked the same movies, books, and shared some music tastes. I don't know when it first started but sometimes when we watched DVD's together, he would end up putting a cushion in my lap and stretching out with his head on the cushion and his body stretched out on the sofa. My arm would wrap around his body as he laid there.

When Billy was 18 we went camping in the summer. We had always gone to a little quiet spot over the last few years close to a large pond where we could swim if the days got hot and that year, we had a very hot summer. After putting the tent up we decided to go for a swim. That's when Billy discovered he hadn't brought his swimmers with him.

"No probs Billy" I said. "There's no one around except me, go in your underwear or skinny dip". With that said, he pulled off his shorts and shirt and stood in front of me in his tight fitting briefs that showed a bulging package and a nicely rounded firm looking ass. I hadn't seen him before with so little clothing on and as I stared at him, my cock began to chub up. Billy ran and jumped in the pond. I stripped to my boxers and quickly joined him in the water so he hopefully didn't see my hardening cock.

After 10 minutes or so, we had cooled off and got out of the pond. It was so hot in the sunshine, we didn't get dressed but just laid out on our picnic blanket in our underwear to let the sun dry us off. Billy's briefs were almost see through when wet and I could see the outline of his cock. He wasn't hard but fuck he was big. After chatting about the drive up, the weather, and lots of other meaningless banter, Billy said something I wasn't expecting.

"Dad, I think I might be gay". I wasn't expecting him to say it then, but it didn't surprise me.

"OK. Does that worry you?" I asked.

"Only in how it would affect you and me."

I leaned over and put my hand on his arm. "Billy, I love you whether you are straight, gay, bi, or if you wanted a sex change. You're my son. And to be honest, I've played around with guys before I was married."

He chuckled and said "Well I wouldn't want a sex change - I like my cock too much!" His cock was getting hard in his briefs. I could see the thick big outline getting bigger - and the head of his cock started peaking out the top of his briefs. I had played around with a couple of guys many years previously and I hadn't had much sex since Marie left, so seeing his cock getting so big and hard in his briefs was having an effect on my cock. I knew it was wrong, but I wanted to have sex with my son. I wanted to see his cock in all it's glory. I wanted to hold it and suck on it while I played with his balls. I wanted to feel his cum spurt from his piss slit into my mouth.

Billy moved closer and laid his head on my chest, his hand resting on my nipple. He was looking down my body and my cock was tenting my boxers. I could feel his hard cock against my leg. I wrapped my arms around him and held him tight and kissed the top of his head. His hand moved over my chest and abdomen, stopping as his fingers touched the waistband of my boxers.

"Dad, I know this is wrong, but can I touch your cock? I can see you're hard." He raised his head and looked at me in the eyes. I bent forward and tenderly kissed his lips, and slowly pushed my tongue inside his mouth. He responded and as he kissed me back, his hand moved lower inside my boxers and wrapped around my hard cock. I could feel him grinding his big hard cock against my leg so I reached over, pulled his briefs down and took hold. Fuck it was big, thick and solid as a piece of wood.

We continued kissing as we slowly wanked each other's cocks. It didn't take long for us to cum, almost together, but me first. My cock got harder and my balls drew up tight and let loose 5 or 6 jets of hot cum into my boxers and over Billy's hand. His cock pulsed and he shot his cum high onto my chest and then about 5 more times his cock blew his cum load over my body and hand. Billy took hold of my cum covered wrist with his cum covered hand and brought them both to his mouth where he started to lick them clean. I joined him and licked his cum from my wrist and then we kissed and shared our cum loads from mouth to mouth.

Afterwards he laid his head on my chest as I held him. We didn't speak, just laid together. Thoughts were running amok in my head - what the fuck did we just do? "What happens now?"