 Chapter Two -- The Lyn Pit 

"Aaron, there`s someone named Adam on the phone and he's asking to speak with you."

" It's OK, Mom. I'll take the phone upstairs here on the hall extension. Thanks!"

"Hi, Adam!"

"Heya there, cookie. I tracked your phone number down from your Mom's prescription file. Hope you don't mind me callin' ya' at home?"

"No, that's OK, Adam. I was thinking about you just now and am really glad you called."

"Ahhh, sweet, baby. I was just thinkin' about you too, cookie and wanted to let ya' know that Gerry, my mechanic buddy at Purvis was able to get my old Bonneville runnin' again. He said somethin' about my carburetor needing some kind of adjustment and fuel line cleaning and then havin' to 'gap' a couple of spark plugs, whatever the fuck that means! All I know is I'm now out a couple a hundred bucks! But, hey! At least I got my wheels again."

"Aaron, baby, I know today`s only Tuesday and we're still gonna go out for dinner at El Paso's on Thursday when I'm off. But, cookie, wouldya' like for me to pick ya' up after work tonight and maybe go parking with me out at the Lyn Pit? The old quarry is filled with deep water and it's good for skinny-dipping. And it's private and quiet and beautiful at night. My dong's been thinkin' about your hot, little butt. And, it's gettin' all hard now just thinkin' about it again. It sorta' kinda' seems like my dick has been doin' most of my thinkin' for me since Sunday. And ya' know, the back seat in my Bonneville has never been properly broken in. I think it's time it saw some action outside of me jerkin' off by myself back there. Whatdaya' say? Can I come and get you after 9:00 when I get off tonight? Or wouldya' maybe come and meet me behind the store?"

I'm smiling, while starting to get hard myself and respond, "Sure, yes, absolutely! You said after 9:00 right, Adam? I'll meet you there."

"Sure did, cookie! Am gonna' want to go back to my place and change first, though. My grey suit needs a good dry-cleaning to get rid of the shot spots in the crotch of my pants from the last time we were together and I'd sure like ya' to see me wearin' somethin' else besides it and my birthday suit!"

"Both suits work just fine for me, Adam." I say.

He laughs the dirtiest laugh and then says to me, "The birthday suit, you'll get to see later, cookie babe. But for tonight, a pair of jeans and a clean, fresh tee shirt so I can be comfortable and give you somethin' to picture me in until ya' get to see me. I clean up pretty nice, ya' know."

"I'm sure you do. But, no underwear though, Adam. I like it when you go commando just for me."

Three seconds of stunned silence from him over the phone and then he lets loose with a huge laugh and says, "Cookie, any more talk like that and I'm gonna hafta' go into the back here on break to give my dong a chance to settle down!"

"Hah, hah, hah! OK, Adam. Where will I meet you?"

"Meet me behind Fullerton's, just before 9:00 where I park my car. I'm pickin' it up from Purvis Esso later this afternoon. I never lock it, so just hop into it and wait for me to close up shop, OK babe? Or better yet, and come to think of it, yeah, I'll leave my keys under the floor mat for ya.' Remember to bring your learner's permit. I wantcha' to start it up for me. You can drive me over to my place for me to get changed and then I'll drive us out to Lyn Pit so we can park some place private. And, oh yes! Bring that tube of KY with ya' too, baby! Sound like a plan to you there?"

"I'll be there, Adam. Bye."

"Later cookie!" I keep wondering why he keeps on talking about that dumb tube of KY. "Guess I`ll figure that one out, sooner or later," I think to myself.

After hanging up the phone, I head downstairs.

"Who was that on the phone with you just now, Aaron?" my Mom asks me.

"Adam Blanchard from Fullerton's Drug Store, Mom. You remember him from behind the counter there, don't you?"

"Oh yes, I do. I know him and his Mother, a very nice woman. She was very beautiful and so young when she got married. I remember her from back then. Shes done a good job with her son. He's a decent, young man. I like them both. How did you ever come to meet him, Aaron?" she asks me.

"Uh, well...uh, I went into the store the other day, and we started talking. And he was really interested to hear about my college courses. Then later on that night, I went for a walk and helped him out when his old car broke down on him. He was calling to thank me for helping him again and said he wanted to thank me properly by buying and having me share a pizza sometime with him," I say.

"He'd be in his late twenties if I remember correctly," my Mom says, while giving me a long and thoughtful, appraising look.

"I think he told me he was twenty-seven, Mom."

"Your Dad and I know his Mom from the Hospital. Delphine is Head of Housekeeping there and manages a staff of around twenty or so, I think. She has done well for herself after her husband deserted her and little Adam years ago. I respect her and like her very much."

"Mom, Adam offered to help me with driving lessons and said I could go with him in his car to practice with him any time I like."

Another measured, thoughtful look from her and then she says, "Well, that was very nice of him to offer. But, you'll need to talk to your Father about that first, Aaron. I assume Adam has insurance on his car and it's safe to drive. But, I'll let you and your Father and Adam discuss those things. Come to think of it now, ask Adam when he is free for dinner sometime and I'll do up a roast of beef and an apple pie and he can come over. I'd like to talk to him outside of the drug store and I'm sure your Dad would as well."

"OK, Mom. I'll find out from Adam and let you know. And thanks. He's a really nice guy."

"Yes, Aaron. He's had a tough life, you know. And he missed out on a good education when his Dad disappeared on him and Delphine. But, he's done well considering. And he's always been respectful and nice to me whenever I see him in Fullerton's." she says, as her voice trails off, getting lost in the quiet thoughts she is thinking. "Oh, and by the way, Aaron, I want you to start thinking about your design portfolio and the appointment you have with the Head of Applied Arts at Algonquin College in Ottawa, coming up in five weeks' time. Even though you've been accepted for full-time enrollment, I want you to make a good impression. You'll need to get yourself off to a good start when your classes begin in mid-September after Labor Day. That will come before you know it and you need to focus on that."

"Yes, Mom. I know."

"Your Father will be home by 5:00 today right after work. You can talk to him about Adam and his offer for driving lessons then, Aaron. And do please remember to mention to Adam about dinner sometime soon when you speak with him again."

"Yes, Mom."

"And, oh yes! I almost forgot, Aaron. Your sister, Ariana called last week and Nick wants you to continue working part-time in his paint and wallpaper store at the Thousand Islands Mall, right up to when you move to Ottawa. Seems you are popular with the retail customers that come in and have made some good sales for him. He'll deal with the commercial painting contractors and inventory and you can deal with the customers who come in to the store. I told her you'll need time off to find a place to rent close to the St. Pat`s Campus in Ottawa. That will need to happen very soon. As well as getting you and me set up with a joint chequing account at the Bank of Nova Scotia on Elgin Street. I also told her that Nick will have to pay you. That even though he is having some troubles right now with his lease and paying his creditors, you are not 'free labor' and will need some extra spending money of your own and which you've earned for when you start school. And Aaron, sweetie, just between you and me, I know she is envious of you going back to school. With the troubles she is having right now with Nick and money, she is jealous and that is unfortunate. Siblings should support each other and you returning to school has nothing to do with her and Nick. She made her decision to marry him at nineteen and it is Nick's responsibility now to provide for her and their children. Now with two young children and being eleven years older than you...well, Aaron, be kind to her even if she isn't to you right now. Do you understand what I am saying to you?"

"Yes, Mom."

The rest of the afternoon stretches on slowly with me unable to think of anything else but being with Adam, when his shift ends. Dinner is uneventful, with Mom and Dad discussing his day at work and how old our dog Blackjack is getting to be now, and how she is starting to slow up with hip problems. After dinner, I go upstairs to my room to look once more for the fiftieth time through my portfolio to show the Design Head when I meet her on August 22nd. I've done a few watercolour sketches to get comfortable with the medium and some black and white graphic studies that comprise the majority of what I want her to see. Also, I've been lucky to have had some of the customers at the store allow me to take pictures of some of their rooms where I've suggested paint colours, wallcoverings and window treatments."

I remember what one Professor told me when I first went up to Ottawa to check out the program, that Interior Design was much more than just surface decoration with paint and wallpaper kinds of treatment in existing space. In other words, it wasn't just decorating. That the program I was considering dealt with interior architecture, building structure, construction and detailing, compliance with building and fire codes and encompassing a wide spectrum of disciplines that was not unlike what an Architecture Program student would experience in their first year. I was intimidated with the prospect of having to deal with contractors and general laborers on job sites. But I knew this was something I just had to go for. From the time I learned the term gay and it's connotation at the age of fifteen, I constantly thought and worried about what my future would likely wind up being. When I started to work for my sister's husband at the Interlux Paint store in the Mall, it all seemed to come together for me and I eventually realized and thought to myself, "Well, Aaron, if this is the life you are destined to live, you're going to turn it to your advantage and make money doing something you like and are hopefully good at." Hence, the decision to enroll in Interior Design at Algonquin College was cast in stone from that moment on.

It's close now to 8:35 in the evening and I'm upstairs staring at myself in the full-length mirror in the hallway outside my bedroom. I decided to wear my favorite red, white and black plaid tight cotton shirt and my favorite pair of 26" waist, white Howick Five Star jeans with my 3" platform shoes to meet Adam. My dick and balls really show in these pants. I sure hope he likes how I look when he sees me.

It isn't so far from my parent's house on Bethune Street to where Fullerton's is on the corner of King Street and Victoria Avenue. I can cover that distance in less than ten minutes. I have butterflies in my stomach and have to remind myself not to walk too fast or I'll wind up waiting for him alone beside his car until he locks up. Then I remember he told me to wait for him in it. I start to get hard with dirty thoughts about being in his old car all alone with his masculine aura all around me and his car keys just waiting for me.

" Jeez,' Aaron, white jeans and a hard-on. You're turning into Adam here!" I think to myself and quietly laugh. I turn the corner at King and Victoria, start to head up the hill and then turn left into the driveway that leads to the parking lot behind Fullerton's. His old white '63 Bonneville is sitting there in the shadows just waiting for me.

I never really looked at it all that closely before. It really is one big sucker of a car. The trunk and tail lights give it a masculine stance. I bet it was one impressive piece of 'Detroit Iron' when it was brand new. "Remember now, Aaron. Adam said you could sit in his driver's seat and start it up for him when you got here," I think to myself. So I open his creaking driver's side door and stare down at his worn driver's seat. I'm glued in place and my mind starts to race with the thoughts that are going through it at that moment. The front seat of his old Bonneville is one of those long bench style types with a fold-down armrest that can seat three across. The fabric is a ripped and stained, grey and black plaid kind of fabric with vinyl trim that was very popular in General Motors vehicles in the early sixties. Where Adam parks his hairy ass is hypnotic and almost pornographic to me. His old driver's seat has formed a shallow, hollowed-out recess where his butt cheeks carved out two visible indentations in the foam padding. The upholstery seat fabric has a jagged rip in one place where his big, hairy cock and legs would rub with friction against the tear. His sagging seat is worn down much more on his side than the passenger side. And there is a visible, crusty, dark stain that his virile crotch basket would straddle when he tools down the road. I really want to believe that stain is his cum. I slowly slide into his driver's seat and sink down deep into the recess that his butt has carved out for him over the time he has owned and driven his old car, such an intimate experience. I can smell a faint aroma of Christian Dior Eau Sauvage cologne mingling with his stale male sweat that makes me half crazy. I lean back into his driver's seat and feel where his strong, muscular back has imprinted his shape into the seat back. It feels like he just came up behind me and shoved his big, hairy man bulge right into the crack of my tight butt. The only things missing are his strong arms around me holding me tight against his hairy chest, with his rock hard tool deeply buried up my tight ass hole.I take my time to feel the steering wheel that his strong hands would grasp confidently. I imagine him hopping into his old wheels early in the morning wearing his gray suit and scuffed dress shoes to get to work. My cock starts to swell up when I think of him sitting in exactly the same spot where I am now. Then, I reach down to find his keys under his floor mat, precisely where he told me he would leave them for me. They're teasing me and daring me to start his old car up for him. I have his keys in my hand and for the first time realize his keychain has a red, yellow and blue 'Superman' logo on a metal tag dangling down from it. "There's a story there, Aaron!" I laugh to myself.

I shove his key into the ignition switch and turn it to the right to the 'on' position. Then I pump his worn gas pedal ten or eleven time, just like how I saw him do that first night. After that, then I turn his ignition key all way to the right to 'start.' His old Bonneville starts to vibrate, shake and wail with a high-pitched whining rhythm. I can feel it protesting and vibrating and shaking my butt right through his seat as it cranks and tries to turn over for me. The vibrations go straight to my crotch and my cock starts twitching and swelling up until it is rock hard in my tight jeans, while Adam's old car continues to crank away. All I can smell is gas. What the Hell? "I can see now why Adam calls you his goddamn, sonofabitch shitbox piece of shit!" I mutter. I try one, two, three, four long crank sessions. I stomp on his worn gas pedal and lift my hips and butt up, distending myself while simultaneously bouncing up and down in his driver's seat just like the way I saw Adam do to try to get it to start for him the last time..

All of a sudden, I hear a rap on the passenger side window and turn to the right, only to face Adam staring right at me with a smirk and knowing eyes. He slowly opens the passenger side door and slides in beside me. He raises the armrest out of the way and moves over so tight beside me, I can feel his heat and take in that familiar male smell I am beginning to recognize as being uniquely his alone. His left arm somehow finds its way around my shoulder as he bends in close and says very quietly to me,

"Having car problems, I see. Are we, cookie baby?" he says with a dirty, wicked grin on his face. "Hmmmmm, well, why dontcha' just slide that cute, little ass of yours over onto my lap, while we change places and I'll see if this fuckin' sonofabitch will turn over for me then?"

I shift over and start to sink down into his crotch, only to feel his big cock poking my butt and demanding my attention. He laughs and wraps his arms around me, pulling me back into his chest and says, "Told ya' my fuck rod would be thinkin' of ya' 'til the next time we got together, cookie! Now seriously, baby, just how many times did you pump my gas pedal before you tried to start my car?" he says, while nuzzling my ear and groping my cock.

"You're distracting me, Adam and I can't remember right now," I say to him.

"Heh, heh, heh...distraction and pleasure was just what I had in mind, baby. Now think, Aaron. Did ya' pump it more than one or two times, cookie?"

"I think maybe eleven or twelve times, maybe more. Just the way you did the other night, Adam."

"Then you've managed to flood the carburetor, big-time, Aaron. We're just gonna hafta' sit here like this for a few minutes until the gas evaporates and then I'll see if I can get this old cocksucker to turn over."

"But, but, but, I did exactly what you did on Sunday with it, Adam!"

He starts to kiss the nape of my neck and says to me, "Baby, it needed lotsa' gas to start up for me cause' my carb' was acting up that night. Normally, unless it is cold, you only need to pump it a couple of times for it to turn over for ya'. It's all good though. I kinda' like having you sittin' in my lap like this. And, I think I'm gonna let your little buddy outta' those white jeans and play with him for a bit, since we're all alone here waitin' for my car to start up for me in the dark and all. Kind of a reverse situation from the time we first did this isn't it, cookie? Am kinda' liking the way this turned out here. I sure as fuckin' hell know my big dong is enjoyin' the experience! Now, raise your hot, little butt up for a sec' there and let's get ya' outta those sexy white jeans, baby. I'll work the zipper and have you naked in my hot, hairy crotch in ten seconds or less."

Less than five seconds later and he says, "Actually, babe, let me get more comfortable too. I have an idea here. I'm gonna undo my suit pants and get my dick to slip right into your butt crack while I play with your cock there, baby! I'm gonna get you just as revved up as this old shitbox of mine will be in a few minutes and 'fuck the goin' home to change crap.' We're headin' straight out to Lyn Pit, just as soon as I can get us movin'!"

He lifts me up to let me pull down my jeans for him. At the same time he is pulling his gray dress pants down to expose his fully-aroused cock. "I wantcha' to take my dick and aim it to sit tight in your tight, little ass crack, cookie. Then I'm gonna' unbutton your shirt and play with your nipples while you lean back against me and let me lick and suck on your ear." He spits a wad of saliva into the palm of his left hand and starts to work my dick. "This is just the beginning of what they call foreplay, babe. Five minutes from now you're gonna' be squirming and my dong's gonna' be throbbing. And, hopefully I'll be able to get my car started and we can head out to where I want to fuck you for the first time! It's gotta be special. And, it will be! I promise."

Close to ten minutes pass and the now familiar routine to get his old car to start for him is about to commence. "OK, you sonofabitch! I'm gonna pump and crank the livin' fuckin' shit outta ya' 'til you turn over for me!" His cock swells up to fill my butt crack and I can feel his right leg pumping his gas pedal. "This is sooo strange," I think to myself. "Totally perverted and so sexual at the same time."
