 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

We fell asleep soon after I fucked Billy. At some point during the night while I was spooning him, I awoke and I felt my wet cum leaking out of his hole. I fingered his juicy pussy and rubbed the cum over my hardening cock. I pressed my knob head against his wet juicy hole, gently adding more pressure until my knob started to push inside. I kept up the pressure until I was well inside my boy, then just held him in my arms relishing the feel of his juicy warm pussy surrounding my cock.

After a few minutes Billy murmured "That's nice," grabbed my hand that was caressing his firm chest and pulled it down to his cock, which was rock hard. I kissed the back of his neck and nibbled on his ear lobe while slowly fucking him and pulling on his hard cock. His arm moved behind us and his hand grabbed my buttock. He pulled me closer and said "all the way dad. Get your cock all the way in me." I pushed forward as he pushed his arse back until my pubes and balls were against his arse cheeks, and still he kept pushing back. My boy loved cock inside him and wanted more. 

I could feel him tightening his arse grip on my cock as I slowly pulled back and then I pushed inside again as deep as I could. I was making love to my boy but all too soon it ended as I felt my cock getting ready to start spurting another cum load into his well used pussy. I pushed all the way inside him and held his cock tight as my cum started to flood his arse. I felt his huge cock swell and cum flew from his piss slit. He was taking cum inside him while spurting his cum out. 

We went back to sleep with my cock still buried deep in his pussy.

The next morning as I finished getting ready for work while trying to wolf down my breakfast, Billy came into the kitchen still naked. He walked up to me, put his arms around my neck and gave me a deep passionate kiss, our tongues playing with each other. I hugged him tightly and grabbed his ass cheeks, pulling him close. "Wish I didn't have to go to work" I said. "I'm not going to be able to concentrate."

He chuckled "why not?" I jiggled his ass cheeks and said "that's why not." He pressed his hard body and cock up against me, rubbing his cock over my hard package. Just then I caught a movement outside the kitchen window. I quickly turned but there wasn't anything there - must have imagined it I thought.

"Well tonight dad, I think I should get to fuck you. You're a couple ahead of me now - only fair."

"We'll see Billy. Not had a cock in me for ages and certainly not one as big as yours. Now gotta go." I kissed him and reluctantly headed for the car, my hard cock begging to be set free from my tight work pants. 

"Wait, what? You've been fucked before?" he asked.

"I told you I had played around with guys before," I said.

"Yeah but you never said you'd had cock up your hole."

"Tell you tonight" I said and dashed out the door. 

All day long I kept thinking about Billy and how nice his cunt felt around my cock. It didn't help with him sending me pictures all day of his naked body and hard cock. I started to imagine what it would feel like inside me. One pic was a close up of his hole with his fingers inside him. I almost cum in my pants when I saw that pic.

A text followed that said "Our neighbour has been watching me. Think I might give him a show." Oh fuck I thought, and quickly replied "be careful Billy. Not sure if that's a good idea." That must have been what I thought I saw from the kitchen window this morning. But if it was, he had to have been standing in his garden peering over the fence.

I raced home at 5 and when I opened the door their stood my beautiful boy, naked with his hard cock pointing straight out. "What a nice welcoming sight" I said and grabbed hold of his cock. I pulled him to me and gave him a big passionate kiss, our tongues wrestling with each other deep in each others mouth. My cock was hard and aching to be released from my tight work pants. Billy's hand found my package and he started rubbing and squeezing it in my pants. I was so fucking horny, my ass was quivering at the thought of being fucked with his big hard cock.

"Upstairs and clean out your man cunt dad. I want to fuck you. Let's give our neighbour a good show." 

"Have you been putting on a show for him?" I asked. "Yeah - a couple of times. He seemed to enjoy it. Not sure but I think he was playing with his cock while watching me."

"I think I saw him watching us in the kitchen this morning too. Might have to suss him out."

I ran upstairs and had a shower making sure I used the nozzle on and in my hole. When I finished I wrapped a towel around my waist and walked into my bedroom. The curtains were wide open, and Billy lay naked on the bed playing slowly with his hard cock. "He's there dad. I think he has binoculars too. Come over here and suck my cock." The thought of being watched was turning me on big time. I dropped the towel from my waist and walked slowly in front of the window, my hard cock bouncing as I walked. I bent down to kiss Billy's soft lips, my hole turned towards the window. Slowly I moved down his body, then moved slightly so if the neighbour was watching he could see me sink Billy's hard cock deep into my mouth. I played with his balls as I sucked on the hard shaft, bobbing up and down getting as much of his cock into my mouth as I could. 

"Careful dad, you're gonna make me cum. I want to shoot it up your arse," Billy said. 

"I'm sure you will recharge fast" I replied but I did stop sucking his cock. "How do you want to fuck me?" I asked.

"Easiest for you is if you sit on me. Then you control how much cock goes in ... and how fast."

I lubed up my hole pushing some inside, then generously lubed his cock. I spread my legs over his body and felt his knob head against my opening. I realised I wanted this ... I wanted my boy to fuck me, to fill me with his cock and to spurt his cum load inside me. I slowly pushed down until his knob head penetrated my ring. Fuck it hurt but also felt kinda nice. He handed me the bottle of poppers and said "sniff. It might help." I took a few deep sniffs and could feel my ass hole relaxing. Billy's cock slid inside me. It felt like his hard shaft was splitting me open but fuck it felt good. Then I was sitting fully on him, his balls and pubes against my ass cheeks and his fucking big hard cock inside me. I took a few more sniffs then bent forward and kissed Billy. My hole was loosening up so I started to ride his cock. His prick felt wonderful, burning hot. 

Billy pulled my ass cheeks apart and lifted me up off his body slightly. He started to fuck me with long hard strokes. I could feel every inch of his cock sliding in me, hitting my prostate. My cock was leaking huge amounts of precum over Billy's abs. "Oh fucking hell boy, you're a good fucker" I said. I hoped the neighbour was getting a good view of this. 

"Are you ready to be really fucked dad?" Billy asked. I murmured "mmmmm please. Fuck your daddies cunt." He lifted me off his cock and told me to lay on my back with my legs spread in the air. He held his big prick and guided it to my arsehole. A slick push and he was back inside bollock deep and started shafting me like a real stud of a man.

His energy was boundless, his stamina envious. I just lay back and watched his face contort with the might of the fuck. How his cock drove into me, it was just fucking awesome and I wanted it to go on for ever. 

Suddenly my cock started to tingle and twitch. "You're gonna make me cum Billy. Fuck me harder, fuck your dad's pussy." Billy grabbed hold of my cock as I started spraying rope after rope of cum - the first spurt hitting me in the face and then across my body. That drove Billy over the edge and with a hard fucking push I felt his cock erupt inside me, his hot cum emptying into my guts. He leaned forward, licked my cum off my face and then kissed me passionately as his cock unloaded. I looked over at the neighbours window and saw the curtains move - our neighbour had watched it all. He'd seen my boy fuck his dad. 

We lay like that for a few minutes as I felt Billy's cock start to soften and slide out of my pussy. It popped out and I let out a sloppy fart. We both giggled at that."Sounds of a good fuck" he said. I could feel his cum start to trickle out of my loosened hole so I clenched as hard as I could. I wanted my boy's baby batter inside me for as long as possible.

We cuddled and kissed for awhile, just holding each other, as our cocks started to get hard again. "Now tell me, who fucked you before?" Billy asked. I looked into his eyes and said "Your Uncle Paul."