 Billy's eyes bulged and his jaw dropped. "Uncle Paul? Mum's brother?" I nodded. "When?" he asked.

"This goes no further Billy. OK? It started a long time ago, before we adopted you. In fact just before your mum and I married."

"Go on. How did it happen?"

"Well Paul was living in Australia for a few years, but he wanted to come back for your mum's and my wedding. He got back to the country about 2 weeks before the wedding and had nowhere to stay, so we said he could stay with us in the room that is now your bedroom. It was a hot summer that year and Paul tended to walk around without a shirt on, wearing those tight tiny shorts that Aussie guys like to wear. He was, probably still is, a very good looking guy, had a full head of dark hair, a very hairy chest and a lovely trail of hair that went down into his shorts. His package was always bulging. And his bum looked so firm and tight. He worked as a bricklayer in Australia so he was fit and muscley in all the right places. His legs were like tree trunks.

"One day your mum had to go into town for some last minute wedding stuff, so Paul and me just hung about laying in the sun in the back garden, drinking beers. He was just in his shorts, without underwear. I could clearly see the outline of his cock - it looked cut, big and thick. Don't know if it was the beer, or the sun, or the fact he looked so fucking horny, that we ended up talking about sex. As we talked his cock started to grow, as did mine. Paul's knob head started to poke out of his shorts. He didn't do anything to hide it either. Can't remember who started it, but I ended up on my knees pulling Paul's shorts down to see his hard cut cock."

Billy was stroking my cock while I was talking and it was now hard as steel, standing straight up. A bead of precum gathered at the piss slit which Billy bent down and licked off. "How big was his cock dad?" he asked.

"He was about my size, but thicker. His balls were tight and small, but fuck did they hold a lot of cum. I sucked his cock till he warned me he was gonna cum, then I wanked him harder feeling his cock swell, then he blow his load all across his abs. Fuck there was a lot. Over the next couple of weeks we played around as often as we could when your mum was out or sleeping. And one night he said he wanted to fuck me. So he did. It hurt like hell the first time..."

"First time? You mean he fucked you more than once?"

"Oh yeah. After a few attempts we really got into fucking and planting our sperm inside each other. He said he was bi and had a couple of fuck-buddies in Sydney, so he was used to being fucked. Shortly after the wedding though he had to get back to Oz. When he moved back to the UK for good we hooked up a couple of times but it stopped when he got married and moved up to Manchester. And then you came into our lives."

"Wonder if he still plays around with guys? We'll have to get him down here for a visit and find out" Billy said.

"I don't know about that. I don't think I want to share you with anyone else" I said. Then I leaned over and started kissing Billy passionately. I reached for his cock which as usual, was rock hard and dripping. "Looks like you enjoyed me telling you that" I said. 

"Yeah I did. I could do with a cock in my pussy now." He started rubbing his hole and sliding a finger inside. I wanted nothing more than to plunge my rock hard cock balls deep into his eager twitching cunt, but I slapped him on the legs and said "later, we need to get some dinner on." I got off the bed and walked to the window, my hard cock bouncing as I walked. 

"I wonder if our neighbour is still watching" I said. I did a long stretch in front of the window then pulled on some shorts. As I was leaving the bedroom Billy said "if you're gonna tease and seduce our neighbour, then you're gonna have to share me dad. Ain't no way you're having him on your own."

*******

A few weeks went by, Billy and me sucking and fucking each other every chance we got. I really enjoyed feeling Billy's monster cock deep inside me, but I think I preferred fucking him. His cunt was so cock hungry he always wanted me deep, fucking him with long hard strokes - my cock pulling almost out to ramming it balls deep. He loved getting poppered up and then sitting down on my hard cock taking it bollocks deep and then riding me for all he was worth until I spurted my hot cum deep in his guts. He would always cover my stomach and chest with his hot cum when we fucked that way, then lick it up and kiss me so we could share it.

We bought some sex toys online. A few dildo's ranging from about 6" to a massive monster that was 13" long and as thick as my wrist. Neither of us could take the big one but I think Billy was aiming to have it in his pussy very soon. We also bought some medium-ish butt plugs that felt fucking hot when inserted while we had cum sloshing around in our guts, and a few cock rings.

Being plugged as we walked around the house always kept our cocks in a semi to hard state. We always walked around the house naked or just wearing underwear or shorts, usually with one or both of our asses plugged. Quite often we would see a flash of sunlight reflecting on binoculars from the window of the neighbours house. 

One sunday after a vigorous flip fuck session that left us both with a cum load in our pussy's, we heard a lawnmower from outside and it sounded like it was next door. We both went to the window and looked out at our nosy neighbour mowing his grass. He was a fucking hot stud. About 6' tall, close cropped hair that may have been a bit gray, neat well trimmed beard. He wasn't wearing a shirt and his sun-tanned body was hot. Not overly developed with a patch of hair across his chest and with a little belly. We could plainly see that his left nipple had a small ring piercing. His arms were well developed and as he pushed his lawnmower, we could see the muscles of his upper arms flexing. He wore thin calf length grey shorts and the way his package flopped around, we could tell that he was going commando - and his cock looked a nice size.

He didn't look directly at our window but I think he knew we were watching. He bent over a couple of times, I guess to pick up stones or something from out of the grass, and then did a squat. Fuck his ass looked good - firm, rounded and not flabby at all. Occasionally he would scratch his package or tug on his balls. "Hmmm - I think he is putting on a show for us now" Billy said. Billy's cock was standing erect and he slowly started stroking it while watching the guy. 

"Maybe we should get to know him a bit better. What do you think?" I asked.

"Oh yeah? How much better?" Billy answered. I just flicked my eyebrows up and down a couple of times. "Oh like that" he said. "Are you getting bored of me?"

"Never Billy. But you're only 18, you must want to sample other cock apart from mine. And from the state of your cock right now I think you're interested in him. I'd rather we played together than you go it alone. It might be fun and hot to see you playing with another guys' cock, as long as you play with mine as well."

"Get back on the bed dad. I wanna play with your cock right now."

*******

About 2 weeks later the neighbour was out cutting his grass again. The day was hot and he was dressed the same as before - no shirt, thin shorts and, at a guess, he was going commando. We had already decided that the next time we saw him we would invite him over for a beer or two and maybe a BBQ, so we started putting our plan into action. 

We cleaned ourselves thoroughly, then I squirted lube up Billy's arse and plugged his hole. He put on a tight cock ring behind his cock and balls then pulled on a tight pair of lycra running shorts. His cock and balls were plainly visible as was the wet patch developing at the head of his knob. I dressed commando in some loose legged shorts which would give him a good view up the leg to my cock and balls when we were sat down. We both went shirtless. 

The neighbour finished the grass cutting just as we came downstairs into the kitchen, so I quickly stepped up to the fence between our gardens and popped my head above it. "Hiya buddy" I said. "Hot day for doing that."

He looked over at me and smiled. "Yeah it is but it needed doing. Glad it's over and done with." His voice was deep and sexy. 

"Why don't you come over for a beer or two after you finish. Bring your wife or partner. Be good to get to know you better."

"Well I'm a bit sweaty and probably stink to high heaven. And my partner is out for the day but I'd be happy to join you on my own."

"OK. Sweat isn't a problem with me or my boy." I saw his eyebrows twitch slightly at the mention that Billy was here too. I'm not sure if it was my imagination but his cock seemed to be growing a bit in his shorts. 

"OK buddy. Give me 10 minutes."

"Come straight round into the back garden. I'll have the beers in a cooler." I turned and gave Billy the thumbs up. Our plan was underway.

About 10 minutes later I had positioned a couple of chairs opposite each other and sun loungers on the patio in the back garden when I heard him coming round the side of the house. I walked over to meet him with my arm outstretched. "Hi buddy. I'm Phil," I said as we shook hands. His grip was firm.

"Hi Phil, I'm Matt."

"Have a seat Matt, my boy Billy will be down in a minute. Fancy that beer?" I'd pointed him towards one of the chairs hoping he would sit there so I could sit opposite and slowly start to flash my junk at him, and he did. 

"Thanks. Yes please. Am so thirsty after that work." I got us a couple of beers from the cooler, twisted off the tops and handed one to Matt. I sat opposite him but kept my legs closed - wasn't 100% sure if Matt was our watcher and I didn't want to scare him off. My cock was already at half mast. We made idle chit chat - I learned he was 42, was a graphic designer working from home, had moved in a few months previously after having lived in an apartment in South London. Just then I heard Billy making his way out to join us. Now the fun was going to start. 

Billy was a vision when he walked out onto the patio. His body was glistening with the sun tan lotion he had applied. The cock ring behind his balls was pushing his cock and balls up and forward and well outlined in the lycra shorts. He wasn't hard so his cock was hanging down his left leg. I glanced at Matt who had stood up and was openly staring at Billy's bulging packet. "Matt", I said, "this is my son Billy. Billy this is Matt." 

Billy stretched out his hand and said "Happy to meet you Matt, I'm a bit oily with sun tan cream but my hands are dry". They shook hands and then both sat down, Matt back in his chair facing me and Billy spreading his legs and straddling a sun lounger close on my left hand side. The bulge in Matt's shorts was getting bigger and creating an upright tenting. My cock was growing as well and starting to push its way down the leg of my loose shorts. The atmosphere was erotically charged as we all made small talk and openly ogling each others growing cocks. Billy's cock was now hard and pushing against the lycra, leaking some precum so the lycra was starting to get a wet patch.

Suddenly Matt finished his beer, stood up and said "Thanks for the beer, but I really should be getting back. Still got a few things to do." With that he turned and quickly left leaving Billy and me looking at each other open mouthed. From the bulge in Matt's shorts when he stood up, he was obviously interested in us. 

"I think we must have come on too strong dad" Billy said.

I leaned forward and whispered to Billy "I didn't hear the side gate. You know how that squeaks when it's opened. I think he is hiding around the side of the house watching us."

Billy smiled. "Well let's see if we can get him to come back," he said as he put his hand up the leg of my shorts and grabbed hold of my hard cock.