 Billy had hold of my hard cock up the leg of my shorts, slowly stroking it making it grow to its full size. "Are you still plugged?" I asked him.

"Oh yeah and it's making my ass hungry for cock" he replied. I lifted up off the chair and Billy pulled my shorts down to my ankles. He started kissing and licking the head of my cock, running his tongue into the piss slit and around the rim of my knob head. I looked over at the side of the house and sure enough, Matt was still there. I could see the head of his cock poking around the corner as he was slowly fisting his hard meat.

"Matt's still there" I whispered. "I can see his cock. It looks big and thick Billy boy. Shall we get him back?" Billy looked at me and nodded as he sank my hard cock into his mouth. 

"Matt" I called. "I know you're there. Why don't you come closer and get a better view." I watched as he slowly came back around the corner of the house, his shorts in one hand and his big thick hard cock in his other. It was easily bigger than mine and may be as big as Billy's. He walked over to us and stood at the side watching Billy devour my cock. "Look at his cock Billy. Do you want to play with that?" 

Billy stopped what he was doing to my cock and as he looked at Matt's hard cock inches away from his face, his eyes opened wide. "Yes please dad" he said. With that he started licking Matts balls, then licking the shaft of the impressive cock. A bead of precum had gathered at Matt's piss slit. Billy licked it off then started sucking the big purple knob head as he continued pulling my cock. I began fondling Matt's firm ass cheeks. 

"Don't be shy Matt. Play with Billy's ass" I told him. He bent forward slightly and started to rub Billy's ass cheeks in the lycra shorts. His fingers started to push into Billy's crack and then he felt the plug. As he raised an eyebrow I said "He has a plug in his cunt. It's making him hungry for cock in his ass." With those words, Billy stopped sucking, and stood up. His impressive cock was pushing against the lycra. He pulled the shorts down and his huge cock sprang forward, his balls pushed forward by the cock ring around them. Matt started fondling Billy's cock and balls with a big smile on his face. 

"Billy suck my cock and let Matt pull the plug out of your pussy." Matt moved behind Billy and started punching the butt plug inside his cunt. Then he grabbed it and started to pull it out. When it popped clear he immediately pushed it back in, then pulled it out again. He continued fucking Billy's ass with the plug making Billy moan as he sucked on my hard throbbing cock meat. Then he pulled it all the way out and immediately started licking, tongue fucking and fingering the gaping hole. 

"Fuck he has a juicy hole" Matt said. 

"You wait till you get your big cock up there buddy. His ass is cock hungry. He likes nothing better than cock fucking his pussy don't you Billy? But you probably know that seeing as you've been watching us fuck for awhile now." I threw a tube of lube to Matt who started to lube his throbbing cock. It looked bigger than before. He was obviously turned on by the thought of fucking my boy.

"Yeah I know. You guys put on quite a show - my boyfriend and I have had many a good fuck session after watching you two. We were trying to find a way to get you both in our house and see if you'd be interested in a group thing. Rob is a pure bottom and would love taking everybody's cock, one after the other, or all at the same time. He's always wanted two cocks in his ass and one in his mouth." 

I gave Billy a fresh bottle of poppers "You gonna need this Billy." Billy took a few long deep snorts.

"Have to get something organised then," I said. Now get your cock in my boy's cunt, can't you see his ass twitching? He needs fucking."

"I can see that. His hole is twitching like crazy, Lovely to see it begging for cock." Billy kept sniffing the poppers - I think he knew what was to come and he was getting prepared. Matt positioned his knob head at Billy's twitching cunt, then held onto Billy's shoulders and with one fast push, sunk his cock balls deep into his ass and held it there, impaling him on his hard cock.

"AAAGH FUCK!" Billy cried. 

"You ok son?" I asked, a little concerned. By the look on Billy's face I didn't need to be - he looked to be ecstatic. 

"Oh dad, fucking hell. Fuck fuck fuck!! What a fucking huge cock. I thought he was gonna come straight out my mouth." A steady stream of precum was leaking from his cock as Matt was pressing on his prostrate. It almost looked like he was cumming there was so much. I lay on my back under Billy and put my tongue under his cock letting the precum gather then swallowed. I sunk his hard cock into my mouth, sucking the precum directly out of his piss slit. Billy sniffed more poppers as Matt started to slowly pull his cock out, then when almost out slam it all the way back in. "Oh yeah, fuck me man, fucking fuck me!" He passed the poppers to Matt who took 4 deep sniffs.

Matt really started to pound my boys cunt, slamming in to him so hard over and over that I could hear his balls slapping against Billy's ass cheeks. Each thrust shoved Billy's cock further into my mouth so much that his cock started to hit the back of my mouth and push down into my throat. I was gagging and spluttering at the onslaught of so much cock in my mouth. "Yeah fuck me Matt, harder," he cried out. Suddenly Billy's balls raised and his cock got thicker and he blasted a huge load of hot sweet cum into my mouth and throat. 

Matt slammed into Billy one more time then stopped. From where my head was positioned I could see the vein under his cock pumping his seed into Billy's pussy. His cock seemed to keep pumping for ages filling my boy's ass with hot fresh cum. When he had calmed down, Matt slowly started to pull his cock out of Billy's pussy. 

"Get under my ass dad and you can share Matt's cum load" Billy said. Fuck this was hot - dirty, horny and fucking hot. I did as he asked and as Matt's cock popped free of Billy's pussy with a loud fart, a mixture of cum and ass juices followed it spraying my face and dripping into my open mouth. 

I was so fucking hard and horny by now, I thought I would burst a blood vessel. Matt pushed his softening cock into my mouth for me to clean him off. He grabbed the lube and started lubing up my hard cock, then turned around and sat down on me in one go. He rode my cock up and down for a few seconds - that was all it took for me to blast my cum load deep into Matt's guts. As I did, he bent forward and kissed me deeply, tasting his cum and Billy's ass juices that were still in my mouth.

A few minutes passed and we were all laying or sitting there still naked. "Did you like watching me get fucked dad?" Billy asked.

"Yeah, more than I thought I would." Billy leaned over and gave me a deep kiss, our tongues mingling and twisting around each other. 

"Thanks dad" he said "and you too Matt. That was fun."

A voice piped up from the fence between our houses. "It sure looked fucking hot from here too."