 A few months had passed since my birthday gang bang. Paul had stayed with us for a week afterwards, both Billy and I taking turns to ride his hard cock and fuck his ass all week. He was a horny fucker that was for sure - he could get hard in an instant, fuck for ages, cum and still be fucking hard and horny. He fucked like a machine - banging deep and fast in either Billy's or my cunt while sucking the other's cock. He loved fucking and swallowing cum. 

I had to work during the days, so Billy and Paul would fuck and send me pics or videos to keep me horny at work. It was difficult some days to concentrate on my job, occasionally racing off to the toilet for a quick wank while watching the fuck videos. I would drive home after work with my hard cock pushing out in my pants or running down my leg, then almost run into the house, strip off and sit on Paul's or Billy's hard cock, ramming it balls deep into my fuck-hole and ride it hard until I got a load of cum in my guts. 

After a week, Paul had to go back up north. It was a bit sad to see him leave but it did mean I had Billy all to myself again which I must admit was good. I was maybe a little jealous that he and Paul got to hang out naked, fucking like rabbits when they wanted without me being involved. 

But something changed with my boy when Paul left.

With his leaving, me Matt and Rob being out all day at our respective jobs, Billy seemed to lose his "spark". I stopped receiving horny texts and pics during the day and when I got home and asked him how his day had gone, he would shrug his shoulders and just mumble "so so". It was obvious he was feeling left out. I realised that being a kept "house boy" was no longer good for him, he needed to get out and mix with others. When he had finished school we had virtually started fooling around with each other almost immediately. Billy had cut his ties with all his school buddies so the only people he socialised with, were me, our neighbours and Paul. That wasn't good for a young man. It was time to push him out into the world. 

He hadn't expressed much interest in any future career plans so I didn't know what he wanted to do with his life, but it was time to find out. On friday night after dinner, we were cuddled up watching TV when I decided to bring up the subject. "Billy, I can tell you're not a happy boy lately are you?"

He shrugged as was his normal thing these days and said "I'm fine dad, just a bit low after Uncle Paul left. It was good having someone around the house all day. That's all, no need to worry."

"Well I think you need to socialise and mix with people during the day. So how about you start looking for a job? I don't know what you have planned for your life but you need to get out of this house and interact with others for your own mental stability."

Billy looked at me, his beautiful eyes starting to tear up. "You trying to get rid of me dad?" he said.

"Don't be silly. I love you and will never want to get rid of you. But for your own well being you need to mix with others." I kissed him and wrapped my arms tighter around him.

Not much more was said that night about the job and when we went to bed, I spooned Billy with my hard cock pressed up into the crack of his ass, but he didn't seem interested in fucking. The next morning though I woke up with Billy spooning me, his hard wet cock pressed against my fuck hole and his hand wrapped around my hard cock. I slowly pushed back and felt his cock head enter my cunt. I continued to push back until he had his cock all the way inside my ass. God I loved that full feeling when he was inside me. He had put a big cock ring around his cock and balls and I could feel his balls nestling against my ass cheeks.

He slowly started to pull his cock out of me till just the head was in me, then he rammed it back in balls deep. I loved it when he fucked me like that. Over and over he repeated his assault on my cunt. I reached for the poppers on the bedside table and took a few big hits. i passed him the bottle and while he used it I turned onto my stomach and spread my legs. He gave me back the bottle and while I sniffed them again he started to bang my cunt hard. I lifted my ass off the bed slightly and shoved a pillow under me so he could get his cock inside me as deep as possible. 

I clenched my hole around his pounding cock. He was fucking me so hard and hitting my prostate with every thrust that soon my cock exploded with what felt like a gallon of cum all over the pillow under me. Billy started to gasp and rammed his cock deep and held it there. I could feel his hot cum spurting in my cunt, whitewashing my guts. He collapsed onto my back and we slowly rotated sideways, his cock still hard inside me. "That's the best way to wake up Billy. Thank you," I said.

"I'm not done with you yet dad" he said. After a few minutes he rolled onto his back pulling me with him, his cock still hard inside me. "Spread your legs and sit on me" he said.

I didn't need telling twice. I loved to ride his cock. I sat up, pulling my ass cheeks wide to get as much of his cock in me as possible. It seemed like another inch slid into my ass. I swivelled around so I was facing him, then bent down and kissed him passionately, our tongues playing with each other. This position gave him room to move so he started to fuck me again, his previous cum load making squelchy noises as his cock pounded my hole. 

We both sniffed the poppers again. Billy took hold of my hard cock and started to wank me furiously. My ass was so loose that I started to fuck-fart as he pushed into me. I knew he loved that sound. Sure enough the sound pushed him over the edge and he said "I'm cumming again dad. Fuck I'm cumming..." 

Billy kept up his fucking as I felt his second cum load blast into my cunt. My cock exploded with my second cum load all over Billy's stomach and chest, one shot getting as high as his chin. I bent down and licked up my cum then kissed Billy so he could share my load. My ass felt like it was on fire as he had fucked me so hard. After a couple of minutes I could feel his cock start to soften inside me, then it slipped out of my well fucked hole. I clenched my ring as he slipped out so I could keep my boy's lovely hot cum inside me. "Mmmmm" I said, "two loads in me. I feel like a whore."

We cuddled and dozed, both happy and spent ... for now. It being a Saturday I had a feeling there may be more to cum. I wasn't wrong.