 The three of us lay on the bed naked having just fucked daisy-chain style and Paul had said he had a "proposition" for us. I was intrigued so said "Go on, what proposition?"

"How about you get some breakfast done and I tell you then, unless you're up for another go?" Paul said. He was playing with his cock which had started to harden again. It looked tempting but after having cum three times in a couple of hours there was no way I could muster up another load or even get hard. My ass could be fucked again but I figured Paul would like something in return.

"Easy there tiger. Three loads already this morning, I need to replenish. I'll get breakfast organised." Billy agreed and said he would grab a shower while I cooked. We both bounced off the bed leaving Paul slowly stroking his now rock hard cock. 

While I was cooking breakfast of bacon, eggs, sausages and beans, Paul joined me in the kitchen just wearing his tight shorts that hardly contained his semi hard cock and started telling me his "proposition". Turned out, he had started his own bricklaying business a couple of years previous and it had been quite successful. He wanted to expand into the South of the country and wondered if a) I was up for investing; and/or b) I was interested in managing the new office. He already had two bricklayers working for him who were interested in moving down South. Seemed they were both originally from London but had moved up North for work and were now eager to get back, and Paul had already got the first project lined up for them.

I didn't know anything about the bricklaying trade which I told him, but Paul was more interested in me managing the office, scheduling and allocating the workload, looking after the accounts and eventually employing more staff if the new office was successful. 

My job at that point had lost all interest and appeal for me so I thought "why the hell not" and said I would invest and be manager, provided we could employ Billy. I wasn't sure if Billy would be interested but at least it would get him out of the house, and by mingling with colleagues and customers, it would start to develop his interaction skills. Paul was all up for it, but added he couldn't pay Billy much due to his inexperience and age. I said that was OK, it would be a shitload more than he was getting on jobseekers allowance.

At that point Billy came into the kitchen wearing just a towel around his waist, and I served up our breakfasts. While eating we all discussed the proposition, Billy seeming a little hesitant at first but then getting enthusiastic when it became clear he would be getting paid for working as an apprentice, learning a skilled trade and working partly with me. 

The rest of the weekend flew by, consisting of eating, fucking, pissing, lots of cum, and sleep. On Sunday evening Paul drove back up North, and just over a month later he was back ready to show us the new office which was only 15 minutes drive away from where we lived. We were also going to meet Dan and Alex, the two guys he had mentioned when telling us his idea. 

The office itself was nothing special just a typical builders yard office - it had a couple of desks, filing cabinets, two computers, printer. There was a small yard to park the van and a separate kitchen and shower and toilet room at the far end of the yard. But the two guys were something else, both the epitome of straight builders. 

Dan was in his late 20's, about 5'6", a mop of brown hair that looked like he hadn't combed it for months, blue eyes, slightly bucked teeth, but when he smiled his whole face lit up. His body looked solid with a little belly fat. He was wearing a grey t-shirt and grey loose fitting flannel shorts that hung down to his knees. When he walked over to shake my hand I could see his cock bouncing as he walked. I guessed he was going commando and the outline of his soft cock looked like he had a nice piece of meat. 

Alex was in his early 30's, stood about 6', dark close cropped hair and beard, beautiful brown eyes. He was wearing a low cut white t-shirt that showed off the hair on the top of his chest and bright green hi-vis long pants. I could see the waistband of his Calvin Klein underwear peeking over the waistband of the pants. The pants gave nothing away about his package or ass but fuck me, the guy was hot. 

After we had chatted for awhile and got to know each other a bit better, Dan and Alex left. We organised to meet up back at the office on monday morning so they could take Billy with them on the first project that was lined up, and start showing him the ropes. 

Billy and me started quizzing Paul about the two guys - were they gay, had he fucked either or both. Paul said he had no idea about their personal lives or if they were gay, all he knew was they had shared a flat together up north, and were good at their jobs. He told us to feel free to investigate but not on company time.

"How about we christen the office before I head back up North?" Paul said, unzipping his pants and letting them fall to the floor. He was going commando too, his hard dripping cock stood straight out in front of him. I wasted no time, pulling the back of my shorts down exposing my ass, and bending over one of the desks. 

"Get that hard cock in my cunt Paul. I prepared earlier and lubed up my ass so you should be able to ram it in." Billy got on the floor under me, freed his cock from his pants and started sucking on my hard cock meat and playing with my balls. Paul lined up his cock head with my hole then started rubbing my hole with his cock, teasing me, getting me hot and hornier. After a couple of minutes I yelled "Fuck me you bastard, get that fucking cock inside me and FUCK ME!" With that Paul rammed his cock all the way inside my fuck chute till his balls were nestled against my ass cheeks, then started to pound me hard, each forward thrust pushing my cock deeper into Billy's hot mouth. 

"Fuck your ass is hungry, it swallowed my cock" he said. He fucked me hard and fast, banging my ass over and over for about 10 minutes. Then he rammed his cock deep inside me and started pumping his spunk into my guts. I could feel his warm seed filling my ass and dripping out of my hole where Billy caught it in his hand and proceeded to rub it over his rock hard dick.

As Paul's cock started to pull out of my ass, a large dollop of his spunk leaked out and dropped onto Billy's cock. I pulled my cock out of Billy's mouth and squatted, lining up Billy's cock with my loose gaping cunt, then sat straight down plunging his huge cock balls deep into my slick and spunked-up cunt. I rode his cock hard as he wanked my cock, until I felt his cock start to unload his cum in me, then I shot my load all over his shirt. 

Afterwards as Billy and I drove home, Paul having left to go back up North, the smell of cum on Billy's shirt and my ass leaking cum into my pants, I said "You will be with Dan and Alex the most so it's up to you to find out what you can. And if they are team players, I'd prefer you not to let them into your ass when I'm not around."

"Spoil sport" he replied. "But OK, agreed. The way Dan's cock bounced around in his shorts looked like it could be a nice fuck toy to play with though." 

"Well if they do bat for our side, I'm sure you will be able to get his cock in your ass, but I want to be at least watching."

"Fuck dad, that would be so hot. Me getting spit roasted by them while you're spying on us." He got his hard cock out of his pants and started wanking while I drove us home. As he started to cum, I put my hand over so he could unload his seed into my palm, then I greedily lapped it up as I drove, eagerly swallowing his hot boy juice.

It was less than a week later, late in the day when the three of them returned to the office after finishing up. Billy almost ran into the office from the car while the other two headed for shower room. "Bingo" he said as he ran inside the office. I raised a quizzical eyebrow at him and asked him to explain.

It seemed he had been teasing both guys all week, getting his cock hard while working or pulling his shorts low on his hips and showing off his ass crack as he was bending down or squatting on his heels. On this day, he had gone commando in his cut-off denim shorts so when he got hard, his cock poked out the bottom. He'd seen both guys glancing at his cock, not saying anything but smirking at each other. Dan's cock had tented his work shorts quite openly, and Alex's bulge was clearly bigger in his hi-vis pants. 

"Dad, Dan is packing a huge cock. When we drove back all of us sat on the front bench seat of the van with me in the middle. Dan's cock was standing straight up tenting his shorts up so I could see his low hanging balls. I couldn't resist. I put my hand up the leg of his shorts and held his cock. It is fucking HUGE and thick. It was hot and throbbing. My cock was hard and sticking out the leg of my shorts, and Alex started fingering it just under the head where it's most sensitive. I almost shot my load but then we got back here. I wanna go join them in the shower room." He was fairly bursting with excitement.

"Go go. Leave the door open so I can watch though." I kissed him and shoved him out the door with a slap on his bum. 

I watched as he walked to the shower room, stopping outside the door and looking inside, then looking back over his shoulder at me he dropped his pants and entered the room. I gave them a few minutes to get things started then quietly walked over to the doorway. Billy had left the door partly open so I could get a good view of what was going on. He was naked on his back on some towels on the floor, with his legs being held high and wide in the air by Dan. Alex was naked and reverse straddled across Billy's body so his hairy ass was in Billy's face. Billy had parted Alex's firm looking ass cheeks and was licking the pert little brown rosebud of a hole, occasionally pushing his tongue inside Alex. I could just make out Alex's hard cock pressed between them - it looked thick and fat but not very long. But when I turned my attention to Dan I was stunned. 

Billy was right - Dan's cock was enormous! Hard, thick, cut with low hanging balls and neatly trimmed pubes - he must have been easily 9" or more. There was a slight upward curve to his cock and it was wet from spit or precum or both. His body was hairless and he had a little tummy fat, but fuck me he was hot. Lucky Billy boy I thought - he is gonna get impaled on that huge cock.

"You're a fucking tease aren't you Billy" Dan said. "Teasing us all week, showing us your ass crack and staring at our cocks. You've been dying for this cock up your pussy haven't you? Hope you've been fucked before boy 'cos I ain't gonna be gentle, you fucking slut."

With that I watched as Dan positioned his enormous cut cock head at Billy's hole then push forward sinking his cock balls deep into Billy's cunt in one go. He didn't stop to give Billy a chance to get used to the massive piece of hard cock meat inside his ass, but started power fucking my boy straight away. He fucked Billy so hard, I could hear his balls slapping against Billy's ass with each thrust.

Alex repositioned himself and shoved his hard uncut cock into Billy's mouth and started fucking his face as Dan continued to bang Billy's ass. I knew my boy - he would be over the fucking moon being dicked at both ends. My cock was hard and leaking into my pants, getting them soaked from inside. It was hard for me to watch my boy getting spit roasted by two virtual strangers but I wasn't going to stop his fun. I loved him and wanted him to be happy and if that meant random cock, so be it. He was young and needed to experience lots of cock and ass fucking.

Alex was first to cum shoving his cock deep into Billy's mouth and unloading his balls. As he finished and pulled his cock out of Billy's mouth, a bubble of cum gathered at his piss slit which Billy eagerly licked up. Just then Dan yelled "I'm gonna cum slut, am gonna fill your cock hungry pussy with my jizz. FUCK, FUCK ... take it you slut!" He rammed his cock inside Billy and stopped pounding. I could see his balls pumping the jizz into my boy's fuck chute for what seemed a long time, I'm guessing 7 or 8 huge squirts of juice going into my boy's ass. 

After a few minutes Dan started to pull his cock out of Billy's cunt. It was so fucking hot watching that huge piece of cock meat slowly come out of Billy's ass covered in cum and ass juices. Dan stood up, turned towards me in the doorway, and said "Hope you enjoyed watching us fuck your boy, boss man. You wanna get over here and clean my cock?"