 Authors Note: I have recently started a new story series called 'Dan'. The 'Dan' in that series, and the 'Dan' in this series are not the same person. 'Dan' in this series is total fiction, whereas 'Dan' in the other series is real, and that is his real name.

**************************************************

The question to me "Did I want to clean his cock?" after he had fucked my boy, seemed almost like a command. I wasn't going to allow that - being the manager I had to have respect. I walked into the shower room, undid my pants, dropped them to the floor and stepped out of them. I turned away from Dan, bent over and spread my legs. "You want to keep your job buddy, get over here and shove that cock in my ass and fuck me like you did my boy there."

"Keep my job? What you talking about?" asked Dan.

"I could fire you both for what looked like rape to me. Hell I could even report you to the cops. Now shut the fuck up, and get your cock up my ass. And you, Alex, take care of Billy's cock - he hasn't cum yet. Sit on his fucking cock." 

I pulled my ass cheeks open so Dan could see my hungry cunt twitching and begging to be fucked, his huge cock still hard and dripping with cum and Billy's ass juices. He started fisting his cock as he walked over to me, rubbing the juices over his hard shaft. "OK bossy bastard - you're gonna be fucked hard. I hope you're ready for this."

I looked at Billy and winked. He smiled back knowing what I was about to have done to me. Dan positioned his cock head at my hole, then put his hands on my shoulders firmly to hold me in place. He rammed his cock into my twitching hungry cunt, balls deep, while pushing down on my shoulders so I could feel the force of his cock invading my ass. 

'FUCKING HELL YEAH!! FUCK ME BUDDY FUCK ME HARD!" I yelled. The force he used to ram his steel hard dick up my ass made my eyes bulge. Dan started banging my cunt hard and fast. It felt like he was going so deep he would come out of my mouth! My ass was on fire, it felt like I had a tree trunk rammed up me. This boy could fuck ass. He slowed down his thrusting, pulling his huge cock almost all the way out then sliding back in. I clenched my ass hole as he pulled out and loosened as he pushed back in. 

"Like son, like father," he said. "You guys like cock in your cunts don't you?" 

"Yeah but we both like to fuck too," I answered. "Hope you like being fucked as much as you like fucking, cos we're both gonna have your ass before this job is finished." I looked over at Alex and Billy on the floor. Alex was riding Billy's cock like a true cock slut, his hands resting on Billy's pecs as he bounced up and down on Billy's cock. Alex's cock was hard again and slapping Billy's abs as he rode the cock deep in his ass.

Dan started to pick up speed again and started banging my cunt hard, his balls slapping my ass cheeks. I curved my back and bent my knees slightly so he was angled perfectly to hit my prostate with every thrust making my cock leak like a faucet, my pre cum steadily running out of me. "Fuck boss man, your ass is so fucking hot. You're gonna make me cum."

"Do it Dan, fill me with your baby batter." With that Dan slammed into me. his cock filling my ass with his hot seed. I grabbed hold of my cock and with a few jerks, was blasting my jizz over the shower room floor.

Billy was moaning, I knew he was going to fill Alex's ass any minute. "I"M CUMMING YOU MOTHERFUCKER" he yelled as Alex continued riding his cock. Alex sat down hard on Billy's cock and, as I looked between Billy's open legs I could see his balls pumping his boy jizz up Alex's ass. Alex's cock and Billy's abs were covered in spunk, he must have cum as Billy unloaded deep in his guts. 

As Dan pulled his softening cock out of my ass, I clenched my hole to keep his cum inside my fuck chute so Billy could use it as lube later. He liked to fuck my ass with jizz already inside me, whether his or someone else's. Dan had loosened my ass hole so much I could feel it gaping - I had trouble keeping it clenched as much as I would have liked. As I pulled my pants up, I said "Good work guys. I look forward to lots more hard work from you. Will tell Paul what a couple of good fuckers you are." 

"What you gonna tell him for?" asked Alex. He looked a bit worried.

"Are you fucking kidding? When I tell him how good you boys are on and off the job, he'll want to be here to see for himself."

"What? Paul likes cock?" Dan asked. When I nodded and smiled, he said "Fucking hell, wish we had known. We've both wanted to get into his pants for ages."

"Paul is gonna be so angry when he hears that. He's become a fucking slut lately, can't get enough cock and ass. He's had both of us many times over, and my two neighbours."

I watched Billy pull his pants on, his cock still covered in Alex's ass juices and his own cum. I smiled, as I knew his cock would be so fucking ripe and tasty later. I couldn't wait to get my nose in his pants and get his cock in my mouth.

Billy and I left them to clean up. As we left the shower room, I turned to say "have a good weekend" only to see them locked in a hug, snogging each other's face off, their semi hard cock meat pressing against each other. I took my phone out and snapped a quick pic. As the phone camera clicked they both looked at me. "I'm gonna send this to Paul. I have a feeling he will be down here pretty soon after he sees it."

Billy and I left and got in the car to drive home. I felt my ass leaking, it was likely to explode and shoot out Dan's cum so I put a towel down on the drivers seat. We had been driving for about 10 minutes and I couldn't hold it in any longer. I lifted one cheek of the seat and let out a loud sloppy fuck-fart. The seat of my pants got very wet, and the smell of cum filled the car. "Holy fuck dad, that stinks. But fuck is it horny," Billy said. With that he pulled out his semi hard cock and started stroking it. The smell of cum now mingled with ass juices was intoxicating. My cock started to stiffen and grow. I drove like a mad man eager to get home and get on the end of Billy's cock. 

We got home in record time. I pulled the car into the garage, pushed the release to close the door behind us, then got out of the car. I couldn't wait to get into the house so as Billy got out of the car I was at his door on my knees so he could shove his hard piece of cock meat straight in my mouth. The smell and taste of cum and ass juice as I sucked his cock had me desperate for a fucking. I stood up, dropped my pants and lent over the bonnet of the car. "Fuck me Billy NOW. Shove that cock deep in daddies cunt." 

He didn't waste time stripping off his pants, he just rubbed his cock head in the cum that had coated my hole when I farted, then he rammed his cock balls deep into my gaping cunt and started pounding my ass. I was spread-eagled over the bonnet of the car, my legs spread wide as Billy fucked me like a wild animal. "I can feel some of Dan's cum around my cock Dad. He must have given you a load and a half." The squelching noises as he fucked my ass was making us both as horny as rabbits. After our previous fuck sessions with our neighbours and Paul, I knew Billy loved that noise as much as I did. He fucked me hard and long, slowing down when he was close to cumming, then speeding up again when the feeling passed.

It was a raw animalistic fucking - me with my pants around my ankles, Billy with his cock and balls hanging out of his zipper. He banged my cunt for about 15 minutes making me whimper with every deep thrust, then he started breathing heavy and shouted "FUCK DAD I'M GONNA CUM, I'M GONNA CUM, TAKE MY LOAD YOU FUCKING SLUT." With that he rammed deep into my ass and blasted rope after rope of hot boy jizz straight into my guts. Cum started to dribble out of my abused hole, running down my balls onto the floor. He collapsed onto my back, his arms wrapped around my upper body until his spent cock softened and started to slip out of my ass allowing more of his jizz to run down my balls. He kissed my neck and said "I love you Dad, I love fucking your ass."

"I love you too Billy," I replied. "And nobody fucks me like you do." 

"What - even Dan with that massive piece of cock?"

"I didn't say I didn't like him fucking me. But I love you, somehow that makes it more special when you fuck me." With that, Billy pushed two fingers up into my abused hole, twisting and turning them around. He pulled them out and slapped his cum covered fingers around my nose and into my mouth so I could lick them clean. We both stood, Billy putting his cock back in his pants, while I just pulled my pants up. I wanted to keep the wet pants around my hole as I knew I would be adding to the wet patch very soon. 

"Dad, you reek of cum. Stay like that till bed time and I'll fuck some more cum into you." I pulled Billy close and kissed him passionately on the lips, our tongues darting into each others mouth. "Mmmmm I'll hold you to that Billy boy. But only if I get to fuck your ass as well."

Later that evening as I sat in my cum soaked pants, I emailed Paul the pic I had taken, telling him all about our fuck session with the two boys and how they had wanted to fuck him for ages. His reply came back pretty quickly saying we didn't waste much time, we were sluts followed by a devil emoji, he'd be down to join us the following weekend and not to tell the guys, just invite them over on saturday afternoon. 

Bring on next weekend I thought. I wondered if we could fuck with Dan and Alex again before then.