 The following week just seemed to crawl by, after our fuck session with Dan and Alex, probably because Billy and I were looking forward to the weekend so much when Paul was coming back. There was only one time all four of us managed to get together after work but all it consisted of were hand and blow jobs. Billy did say that he caught the guys fucking in the back of the van on a lunch break, Dan plowing the shit out of Alex's ass, but he didn't join in. 

Around the middle of the week I invited the guys over for a few beers the upcoming Saturday afternoon. I think they realised it was going to be more than just 'beers' on offer. They looked at each other, then at me and agreed, both sporting large smirks across their mouths.

I also gave the same invite to Matt and Rob, our cock hungry neighbours, but they said they had plans for some of the afternoon involving their gardener but could probably get over early evening. I said that was fine, fully expecting they wouldn't be too late to miss out on the fun and games. And I added they could bring their gardener too if he was up for it. They said they weren't sure about that, as they were going to seduce their gardener for the first time on Saturday but they would see how it played out.

Paul arrived at our house just after 9am on Saturday morning looking hot and sexy in a tight pair of white shortie shorts emphasising his bulging cock and firm ass, and a sky blue short sleeved shirt, with most of the buttons undone revealing the top half of his hairy chest. His receding hairline was offset by what looked like a few days stubble across his face. Even though the hair on his chest had started to grey, the stubble was coming out black. It gave him a sexy Spanish daddy look. Billy and I were only dressed in our pants as we hadn't been out of bed for very long, mine being tight trunks and Billy's being skimpy briefs.

"Morning fuckers," he said as came in the front door, grabbing us in a group hug and planting smoochy kisses on both of us. "Been looking forward to this all week. I haven't cum since Monday so my balls are fully loaded and ready." I already knew Paul's cum loads were heavy but if he hadn't blown his load for over 4 days, we were all going to be in for a treat.

As we stood in the hallway in a group listening to Paul saying he had enough cum for all of us, both Billy and I started to get hard in our pants. My cock started to grow down my leg while Billy's grew to the side and his knob head started to poke out the edge of his briefs. 

"OK enough." I said pulling out of the hug. "We need to hold off until the guests of honour arrive." 

It was just before 1pm when Dan texted me and said they were on their way and should be with us in 20 minutes. That was OK, we were all ready. Paul looked stunning still dressed in his tight white shorts and blue shirt, but Billy and I had changed our clothing. I was just wearing some loose legged shorts without underwear so my cock could flop around as I walked, and Billy was parading his fine cock and ass around in a pair of white backless Aussiebum trunks, which hugged his semi hard cock and balls. He had put on a tight black cock ring around the base of his cock and balls to push everything up and out. 

When the doorbell rang I opened the door to see Dan and Alex standing there like two guys ready to party hard. Alex was only wearing tight black shorts and a white vest. I could see the straps of what looked like a leather harness across his upper body. Dan was wearing a grey T-shirt and grey loose shorts not too long but not shorty shorts either. His huge cock already semi hard, hung down his left leg and the tip of his knob was poking out the bottom of his shorts. 

"Ready to party and have a few drinks?" Dan asked raising a couple of six packs. As he did his T-shirt rose up so I could see the treasure trail of hair leading from his navel down into his shorts.

"Fuck yeah, all of us are," I answered.

"All? Who else is here?" Alex asked.

"Go out into the back garden and find out." I closed the door and stood watching the two guys walk through to the kitchen and back garden beyond, Alex's tight black shorts hugging his round firm ass cheeks. This is going to be fun I thought to myself.

I followed them through to the back garden, where Paul and Billy were in an embrace and kissing passionately, Paul's hands on Billy's ass and I guessed at least one finger was in Billy's pussy. The three of us stood in the doorway watching Paul and Billy put on a show. Dan's cock had started to lengthen and harden pushing more of his shaft out the bottom of his shorts. Just then Paul and Billy broke apart and turned to face us, both of their cocks obviously hard and bulging obscenely in their respective pants. 

"Hi boys," Paul said. "How's things?" He approached the guys and gave each one a bear hug and a firm kiss on the lips. Dan's 9" cock was now hanging hard out the leg of his shorts. "Wish I had known about you two before you moved down here and fucked these sluts." He took a firm hold of Dan's cock and his other hand he put on Alex's ass and said "I would have put this to good use while I fucked your mate's ass here."

"Hope you fuck hard Paul," Alex said. "You can see what I'm used to having in my ass and Dan knows how to fuck." 

"I've had no complaints," Paul said. "Ask these two fuckers. And buddy boy, I can keep fucking even after I've cum so your ass better be ready for a long long pounding."

"Bring it on daddy, bring it on."

"Get on your knees and get my cock in your mouth then. Lube it up good 'cos I ain't gonna use anything else." Alex stripped off his shorts and vest revealing his leather harness in all it's glory. "Ah something for me to hold onto while I fuck you. Good boy. Now get sucking on my cock." 

Alex knelt in front of Paul and roughly pulled his shorts and underwear down. Paul's lovely hard cut cock meat slapped against Alex's face, who immediately started licking up the hard shaft and around the head. Pauls' normally low hanging balls were up tight under his cock, he was so full of cum and so fucking horny he was already on the edge of blowing a load. Alex didn't waste time, using lots of saliva to coat the rigid cock in his face. Then he turned and got down on all fours and arched his back. "Come on boss man. My cunt is aching for cock. Fuck me."

Paul knelt behind him, positioning his cock at Alex's fuck chute and then slowly pushed his thick cock into him balls deep in one go while the rest of us watched tugging and playing with our rigid cocks. "Oh fuck that feels good boss man," Alex said. "Slide that cock deep up my ass."

Dan dropped his shorts and let his 9" huge hard cock free and said "Who wants this guys? Come on ... I need to fuck." He had a heavy duty steel cockring around his cock and balls, another black rubber one around his balls, and a third smaller tight black one around the base of his shaft. His cock stood out hard and throbbing, the cut head angry and purple. Dan started to slowly pull on his cock, making a drop of precum gather at his piss slit which he rubbed over the head of his cock, followed by another and another. His knob head was glistening and wet with precum. "Who wants my cock in their pussy guys?"

I looked at Billy whose eyes were almost popping out of his head at Dan's cock. I would have loved to slide Dan's cock up my cunt but I could see Billy was gagging for that huge hard dick inside him. "Go for it Billy, get that big cock inside you." 

We had left lots of lube and poppers all over the patio for everyone to use. Billy didn't need a second invitation. He grabbed some lube and covered Dan's cock with it, while Dan took a few hits of poppers, then turned around and without taking his backless briefs off, pushed his ass back onto Dan's cock, his ass virtually swallowing the huge cock. "Oh fuck your ass feels good on my cock," Dan said. "So warm and wet. Yeah ... ride my cock Billy boy, fucking ride it and get it deep in your cunt." Billy took a few deep sniffs of poppers, spread his legs slightly and then started ramming his ass backwards and forwards on the cock pole. He bent forward and grabbed his knees keeping up the backwards and forwards motion on Dan's fuck tool. He was fucking Dan's cock with his ass rather than Dan fucking him with his cock. Then Dan took over and grabbed Billy's thighs, pulling him back onto his hard cock as he thrust forwards ramming his tool deep in Billy's pussy, over and over, fucking him hard. "These cock rings will stop me spunking for awhile Billy boy so you better be prepared for a long hard fuck ride." 

Dan looked at me and said "Come over here boss daddy and watch me fuck your boy good. Stick your cock in his mouth while you watch me loosen his cunt." I dropped my shorts and moved in front of Billy's face, my hard 7" cock sticking straight out in front of me. Billy opened his mouth and I slid my cock in and started to fuck his face. Together Dan and I spit roasted my boy filling both his holes with cock and he loved it.

I was watching Paul fucking Alex doggy style, banging away hard at his ass while holding onto the harness around Alex's upper body. Paul was slamming into Alex over and over, he was wrecking the boys pussy and Alex was loving it. I wanted to fuck Alex next. I wanted my cock deep in his cum filled cunt slamming into him like Paul was doing. 

I pulled my cock out of Billy and walked over to Paul and Alex. "Get him lubed up Paul, bust your nut deep in his cunt. I want to fuck him next," I said.

"OK buddy. You'll like his cunt - so hot and wet, fucking sucks in your cock. He loves cock in his ass that's for sure." 

I got down on my back and slid underneath Alex's thick hard cock. It was longer than I originally thought and was leaking a steady stream of precum with each thrust from Paul. I licked the precum from his piss slit, then put the knob head in mouth and swirled my tongue around it. As Paul fucked him, Alex's cock got pushed further into my mouth. It was so thick I had to stretch my mouth wide but it was fucking worth it. I could see Paul's cum filled balls pounding Alex's ass when suddenly Paul yelled "Oh fuck oh fuck I'm gonna cum." His balls pulled up into his scrotum and I watched them pump his nut deep into Alex's cunt, six or seven times pushing his baby batter deep inside his ass.

I moved my head so I was under Alex's ass. As Paul pulled his still hard cum covered cock from Alex's ass, a river of spunk followed straight into my open mouth. I could see Dan still fucking my boy as I slurped and ate Paul's hot cum load mixed with Alex's ass juices. Fuck I was in pig heaven. I needed to fuck though. My cock was so hard and throbbing, it needed to be pushed into a warm wet mancunt.

I stood up and got behind Alex, rubbing my hard cock against his ass hole coating it with Paul's cum that was running out of his hole. Then I slowly pushed my knob head against the sphincter and started to push inside. Paul was right, no sooner had the tip of my cock got inside Alex when I felt as if I were being swallowed. His ass hole expanded and pulled my cock straight inside him balls deep in one go. This boy had a hungry pussy for sure. 

I started to fuck Alex hard, his pussy feeling like warm wet silk around my cock. As I pushed in and out of his hole, he tightened and loosened at the right time to get the maximum effect on my cock. He wasn't a stranger to being fucked. We fucked like crazed whores for about 10 minutes, while Dan continued ploughing Billy's cunt. 

From behind me I heard Dan yell he was cumming and I turned my head to see him push his cock deep into my boy's ass and unload his hot jizz, while Billy's cock was spurting his nut all over the ground. That, and what Alex was doing to my cock pushed me over the edge and with a final fucking deep push, I unloaded what felt like a gallon of my seed into Alex's greedy cunt. My legs shook and I felt weak as I nutted inside him.

Alex pulled himself off my dripping cock, stood up and said "Now it's your turn boss man. I want to fuck your ass like you just fucked mine, so hope you're ready for some cock in your ass." I smiled at him, and turned around, spreading my legs, bending over slightly and arching my back. "Do it to me Alex, ram your cock in me and fuck the shit out of my ass."

Alex grabbed some nearby lube and smothered his hard cock, then in one hard push rammed himself deep into my guts. He didn't wait for me to get used to his cock in my ass, but started power fucking me straight away, with one hand on my hip and the other on a shoulder so I couldn't escape his relentless pounding. Dan, Paul and Billy gathered around playing with their cocks that were in various states of arousal as Alex continued to fuck me into oblivion. After a few minutes he pushed deep inside my ass and I felt a warmth that signalled he was unloading his balls into my fuck chute, coating my guts with his spunk.

From my left I heard someone moaning. I looked over at the gate in the fence separating Matt and Rob's garden from mine. Both were there totally naked, with another guy who I assumed was their gardener, who was also naked. Rob was deep inside Matt's ass fucking him while he was bent over sucking on the gardeners cock. I smiled thinking this was going to be a hot fucking afternoon.