 *All persons in this story are above the age of 21 and as always, this story is based in fantasy only.*

*****

I barreled out of the house, slamming the door behind me as I went. Me and my wife had gotten into yet another fight. They were happening more and more these days it seemed.

I pulled my cellphone out of my pocket after I entered my car, I scrolled through my list and wondered what the hell I was going to do. I just knew I didn't want to be home, not with her.

I paused on Derrick's name and thought "fuck it", hitting the call button. It rang twice before he answered. 

"Mark, how goes it?" he stated when he picked up. 

"Bruh, the wife is being a total bitch tonight, want some company?" I asked.

"Sure man, head on over and hey, I'm out of alcohol so if you want a beer or anything, swing by the store and pick some up and we'll toss back a few when you get here."

"Alright man, I'll see you in twenty." I replied before hitting the end button. 

After grabbing a case of beer and a bottle of vodka, I pulled up to Derrick's house, relieved to have a place to go that wasn't my own house. 

Once he let me inside, I held up the alcohol and said "I wasn't sure what you'd be in the mood to drink, but I could definitely use some vodka."

We got our drinks and setup in the living room. I kept the bottle of vodka with me while he sucked down a few beers. He sensed talking wasn't on my mind and kept quiet while he drank and tried to find something for us to watch on the television. 

He cocked an eyebrow at me and asked "in the mood for some skinamax tonight?"

Chuckling I replied "I'm always down for some softcore porn, though the real stuff is better, just sayin'." 

He laughed, "I agree with that one hundred percent." Then got up, grabbing his laptop and plugging it up to the HDMI cord he had hanging to the side of his television.

I got nervous for a second before downing the rest of my drink. I've always known Derrick was into guys as much as he was into women and I never gave it too much thought until this very moment. "Was he going to try to make a move on me?" I wondered. "Nah" I thought, as I watched him scroll through various videos on his laptop. We've been friends for a long time and he's never hinted at anything sexual with me.

I poured another glass of vodka and took another big drink. "Are we really going to watch porn together?" I finally asked aloud. 

"Sure, why not? Unless you're afraid of us both getting boners." He teased. 

The movie started up on the television and I was feeling pretty toasty after having downed quite a bit of vodka by now. "I'm hot as fuck, mind if I get take off my shirt and get comfortable?" I asked him without even thinking about the fact I was watching porn with him and starting to undress. 

"Sure, take off whatever you want. My house is yours." He eyed me as I stripped off my shirt. I was engrossed with watching the guy on the screen getting his cock expertly sucked by a hot dark haired girl. 

I could feel my cock starting to swell under my jeans. Half drunk, I absentmindedly started to rub my hardon through my jeans. "Damn, it's been a while since I've gotten my cock sucked" I mumbled while continuing to rub my covered boner. 

Derrick didn't say a word, just got up from his chair and moved over to the couch next to me. He reached over, removing my hand from my lap and replacing it with his own. Rubbing my dick through my jeans he said "your cock's so hard, take off your pants." 

I looked down at his hand, watching him jerk me off through my jeans. I knew I should say no and tell him I wasn't interested but I really wanted him to put my dick in his mouth.

Without waiting for me to reply or undress, he undid my jeans, sliding his hand under my boxers. I inhaled sharply when his warm hand wrapped around my dick. It felt so wrong having a man jack me off, I wanted him to stop but I didn't want him to stop. "I'm married and I'm not gay" I thought to myself as he pulled my cock free. 

My cock standing at attention before the two of us, I looked over to him and down to his lap to see his cock tenting the front of his jeans. He slowly starts pumping his fist along my shaft, squeezing my precum to the tip of my cock. He leaned down and licked the head of my engorged dick. I let out a deep moan as he slides his lips down past the head, swallowing my shaft. He took my entire cock down his throat, slowly bobbing his head. I closed my eyes, my balls were full and heavy with cum. I knew I was close. "No woman had ever sucked me so good" I thought while moaning from how expertly and deliciously slow he was working over my cock with his warm wet mouth.

He must have sensed how close to cumming I was getting and with a loud slurping sound, he pulled his mouth off and moved his attention down to my balls, dragging his tongue along them before sucking them into his mouth. The sensation of him moaning on my balls while they were in his mouth was amazing. I couldn't fight the urge to nut much longer, I wrap my hand around my long thick shaft, jerking off while he tongued my balls. "I'm gonna nut soon" I growled out to him, wanting him to shove my cock back down his throat, so he could suck my cum down. 

He quickly pulled away from my nuts and grabbed my hand. "Don't cum yet, lets go to my bedroom."

I followed behind him, leaving my clothes on the floor of the living room. My hardon swinging in the open air as I walked, staring at his ass.

He led me to his bed and pushed me down on the mattress, sucking me hungrily back into his mouth. I wrapped my hands around his head, bucking my hips and pushing his face into my groin as I fucked his mouth. "Yeah, suck that cock. Take every inch of that dick" I commanded him. I wanted to fuck his face with abandon while he chocked and gagged on my dick.

He pulled his mouth off of me and stood up and started to remove his clothes. I stared at his exposed cock while he climbed into bed beside me. Grabbing my nipples, he rolled them between his fingers and leaned in to kiss me, my cock twitched as his tongue slid against mine. I reached my hand down to his hard dick and started stroking him as he continued to assault my mouth with his.

I had never jerked another guy off before but it felt fucking hot. "I want to fuck your mouth." He stated as he moved his head to the other end of the bed and taking my cock back down his throat while pushing his near my face. 

Licking my lips, I moved in closer. I grabbed his hips and tentatively licked his piss hole before wrapping my lips around his thick head. His mouth was vibrating around my shaft while he moaned on my dick as I face fucked him.

I gagged when his thick head hit the back of my throat but he pushed his dick in deeper, forcing himself down my throat while he swallowed my cock.

He started to nut in my mouth, forcing me to swallow his cum as he pumped his load into my sucking mouth. The taste of his sperm driving me over the edge as I started to spurt my hot cream into his hungry month.

We fucked each others mouthes two more times that night before passing out. It makes my dick hard every time I think about that night.