 Hi my name is Jon. I'm 18 of age and the oldest kid on my street. Not only that but my neighbors trust me so much that after a year and a half of living here that they let me baby sit for hours. A couple times even over night. 

Here lately the baby sitting has been a little rocky due to marriage troubles between Jean and Jason, the main couple I baby sit for. I'm not sure where the issues are with them but I have no intentions of asking. All I know is that their issues and Jason having a few too many beers led to a wild and great night. 

This one night I was baby sitting for the the McClongs, that would be Jen and Jason. Everything was going perfect. Shellby, their daughter of five years, was listening to me and playing with her books and dolls. At midnight, I heard a car door slam and the crash of window glass break. I told Shellby to go into her room and hid underneath her bed. I quickly closed her door once she got inside.

With her hopefully safe, I searched her brother's room for a baseball bat or something. Thankfully, I found one. Slowly, I left his room and approached the front door. I moved the little fabric, that they have on the door, just enough to see what was going on. To my surprise it was Jason getting out of the van. 

He was so drunk I could smell the beer from here in the house. I put the bat down on the chair by the front door and open the door. Silently, I run out to him. 

"What are you doing here? You weren't suppose to be home for a couple more days."

"I ran out of care for that bitch and left. Than drank beer with some of the guys."

"Careful what you say. If Shellby comes out she will see and ear all this. Besides that counselling was court mandated. How did you just up and leave?"

"I just drove off once they were all asleep."

"Lets just get you inside," I say with a sigh. 

As we go to get inside the house, I notice his arm and fist are cut up. Thanks god for street lights. I also notice how he stands so uneasily.

I take him under the shoulder and guide him to the door which for me was no small feat. 

Jason is in his early 40's and a landscape contractor and a security guard. So that body of his is heavy and loaded with muscle. I'm only 18 and a complete geek. So my own strength is very small. 

Now that we are under the porch light, I can see him much better.

His short dark hair is completely messy and his dark brown eyes are blood shot due to the intoxication. His white shirt is just filthy and if it were clean than his tan skin would have been well complimented. I see that his right arm is very much cut up.  

"You are not going in with your arm like that. Give me that filthy shirt so I can keep the blood from getting all over the floor." I tell him as I go to take it off of him. 

He offers much resistance so I leave him be. 

"Stay put!" I command him as I head inside to make sure Shellby was okay and in her room.

"Jon?" I hear her cry. 

"Stay in your room sweetie and don't make a noise." I shout to her. 

Quietly, I motion for him come inside. Luckily we are about the same height, as I grab his shoulder and whisper into his ear: "Go into the bathroom and prepare for a bath. Make No noise."

He listens as he stumbles through the living room. 

I quickly grab my phone and text my neighbor, Erin, the quick version of the story ask her to get Shellby for the night. Luck had it that she was up and in minutes, all I have to worry about is Jason. 

Once Shellby is out of the house, I check in on the devil. I open the bathroom door and see that he didn't really prepare. All he did was take off his boots then fell asleep in the small white tub. 

Slowly and quietly, I go over to him and take a quick sniff. The man smells horrible and his arm is still bleeding out. A descent size pool of blood has already gathered on the floor.

I get his shirt and socks off easy but after a few minutes of pulling,twisting, and back tracking I get his pants and underwear off. I knew what he looked like without his shirt on because of all the work he did in his yard without his shirt, but I never would have guested what he is packing into his tighty-whities. 

In the mists of the jungle is a huge tree. His cock is about one foot long with a width of at least three inches. No wonder Mrs Jean is putting so much effort into the marriage and its recovery. 

I look around for the stopper but I don't find one so I use a trick of my grandmother's. I get a washrag and fix it up to work as a makeshift stopper. 

I get the water luke-warm. Though before I fill the tub, I gently pour some of it onto Jason's placid uncut cock to see the reaction. He does nothing as it falls off. Taking it as a good sign, I fill the tub half way up. I find another rag and soap it up. 

After getting him as wet as I can, I clean his neck in soft gentle circles like my mother did to me when I was little. I soon moved on. I washed his chest and back in the same manner as his neck. 

It wasn't until I started to wash his right arm, that he started to moan and complain.

"Stop that you damn bitch." he yells

I stop for a few moments before going back to washing him.

"I said stop damn it. Jealous whore," he yells as he shifts a little.

Curious, I keep going. The more I wash his right hand and arm the more he yelled and cursed. 

He stopped making noise when I was finished and moved onto his other arm. Now came the washing of his cock and that firm ass of his. 

I give his cock a quick bit of pressure to see Jason's reaction but he still doesn't react. Now unsure about him being out like this is a good thing, I finish washing him in quick rigorous motions. 

Once his body is thoroughly clean I rinse him off and wash his face and hair. Finally all that is done in minutes. Now is the fun part of trying to get him out to dry him off. 

After about five minutes of playing move the naked man around, I manage to get him out of the tub. Thank god that Shellby's brothers are away at their prospective dads. I dump him onto the bottom most bed in their room. 

I dry him off. I leave the room in search of bandages and other things of the like. I find a big box of everything I need in the closet next to the bathroom. 

I return to Jason to see him sitting upright on the bed.

"Jason?" I ask softly.

He mumbles something I can't understand. 

"Jason this is Jon. You got your arm and hand cut up bad. I'm going to put some bandages on okay?" I say from the door way as I enter the room. 

Again he mumbles and slurs.

I apply a some dab of alcohol on his arm. He winces but doesn't yell out. In minutes, I have his injuries tied up. Tired and exhausted, I lay him back down on the comforter. I look over at Logan's clock and see that it's 12:30. 

I simply close the door and turn off the light as I prepare to sleep on the floor. I'm on the verge of sleep when I hear Jason mumble: "... love ... Jon..."

I fall quickly asleep as I try to make more since out of what I heard. 

1 o'clock

I hear Logan's bed creek. Through fuzzy sleep glasses I look over and see Jason get out of bed. 

"Jason what are you doing?" I ask as he crosses the room and disappears going up the steps to his room.

Before trying to chase the possibly half-drunk man up the stairs I turn on the light in the room and stretch. 

If anyone saw this, there would be great ramifications. Me 18, looking 17, wearing a black sleep shirt and a pair of underwear running after a naked married man. 

I feel around for the light switch at the bottom of the stairs and find it. I slowly run up the stairs. I get up them just in time to see him try and dress himself. He nearly falls backwards but I catch him in time. 

I get him into bed again but this time I get under the covers; I also join him as I myself was simply too tired to do much else. 

1:20 

I feel Jason lightly wake me up.

"What is it Jason?" I ask.

"Jon?" he asks still slightly drunk. 

'Wow you Irish blooded bastards get sober quick' I think to myself as I ask him to finish the sentence.

"Jean has cheated on me and now I want to cheat on her. Will you help me?" he finishes.

"Help you cheat on Mrs Jean?" I ask him.

"Yes," he replies. 

"Only if it lets us get back to sleep," I tell him as I don't really comprehend what he just said. 

"I also have a secret" he whispers in my ear as he moves his injuries arm up and down my right arm. 

Slowly it begins to dawn on me what Jason just said. 

"What is it?" I ask.

"I know you have been dreaming of me. A few nights I dream of you." he whispers.

I hear this and my rational shuts down. Before I know it I am rolling over onto my right side. Jason's eyes though drunk show a lot of honesty.

"Jason" I say sweetly as I run a finger over the bridge of his nose. 

He just simply looks at me drunk but honest.

Without another word I throw the covers and sheets off of the bed; I look down at his crotch and it is already half erect. 

I move to him and than I give the very base of it, where it meets balls, a kiss. He lets out a small sigh and it jumps a bit. 

I gently take some of the cock head into my mouth. I suck on it for a few minutes before taking more and more in every few minutes. I look over at the clock and it reads 1:30. 

I'm surprised it took me only five minutes to take the full twelve inches. I suck and tease until suddenly he stops moaning and forces a big kiss. 

I still taste the beer on his tongue. 

"Careful. Your bandages might come undone" I remind him as I pull away just enough to speak. 

He says nothing as he pulls me back in. We kiss like this for I don't know how long. Though suddenly, he stops the kiss and looks me dead in the eyes.

There is something there that wasn't before. I look and search until it dawns on me. The drunk look, its gone. He is completely sober now. 

"You really are handsome" he tells me as he rolls us over onto my back and starts to kiss me again.

I start to notice he is making fuck motions with his hips. I break the kiss just long enough to take my shirt and underclothes off. 

He looks down on me hungrily but stops at my seven and a half inch cock. The new found attention on my steel hard member causes me to try and cover myself. He stops me by keeping my legs open and rushing to take all inches of me into his mouth.

In moments he has me close to an orgasm. Just as suddenly as he starts, he stops knowing just how close I am to unloading right into his mouth. He gives me this mischievous innocent smile as I glare at him angrily. 

"Jason, I want you in me. I want you to have my last piece of innocence," I tell him after what felt like an eternity of us kissing and him grinding down on me.

"Your last piece? When did you ever lose your first?" he asked surprised.

"You don't really want me to answer that but do know this, THAT doesn't matter and that I want you enter me. You will be the first to penetrate my whole," I tell him as I steal a kiss and than flip around on to my hands and knees. I throw my ass in his face as to show him how tight I was down there. 

This position didn't last long as Jason got enough of a view of my small tight hole through all the hair around it. Almost as quickly as I took that position, he had me on my back again. 

"Are you sure? This WILL hurt, A LOT," he asked and warned.

"Yes. I want the pain from having you where no one else has been," I told him as I tried to even force some of that tree into me.

Slowly, he entered. I know he was trying not to hurt me any more than he could help but his way in was so slow that the building pressure of having him inside me caused me to moan like I was in pain.

"Need me to stop?" he asked.

"No. I need you hurry that cannon in deeper. The slower you enter the pressure of that monster hurts," I explained to him.

He nodded and did like I asked. Before I knew it Jason was base deep. He suddenly started to plow into me causing to moan in a mix of ecstasy and pain due to him not letting me truly adjust.

We go on like this for about half an hour before he picks me up by the back and forces me up against the wall. 

"I'm about to cum Jon Jon," he whispers into my ear using a nickname no one except my cousins ever used. 

"Inside," I manage to say in between moans, kisses, and breathes.

He continues to fuck me like this for about ten minutes before I feel him twitching and convulsing. I quickly wrap my legs around his waist even tighter forcing him to go a bit deeper on the final stroke.

He unleashes five large streams before they start to weaken. I counted about twelve in total. Having so much of his seed in me almost did me in and he sensed this. Again he takes me into his mouth but I stop him after a few seconds just as I'm bout to cum. 

"Oh no. You will carry some of my seed," I tell him as I kiss our way back to the bed. 

"Oh really now? I don't think I ever agreed to this," he teased throwing his back onto the bed.

Silently with a look of pure evil on my face, I follow behind him and seem to position myself to enter his hole assuming I don't have to actually look for it through his own thick ass hair.

With no warning or sound, I'm two fingers deep. He buckles and bounces making them go a bit further in than I meant for them to. Giving him no mercy, I add a third finger and than another every few seconds until my whole right fist was just inside of him. 

"HOLY SHIT!! Jon this hurts," he shouts as he keeps jumping trying to find some way to ease the pain or adjust.

The more he jumps and buckles, I add just a little more in him. Finally I stop when I notice that I'm elbow deep. After a few minutes pass, Jason stops moving but the exact moment he stopped I surprised him. I open my hand out of no where. 

His back arches as he shouts out and his sperm encrusted cock hardens a little. Seeing his reactions sends me just a little closer to the edge. I waste no time as I furiously fist him, with some strokes of my hand closed others open. 

"Your a sadistic little bastard," he says in between moans. 

"So says the old man that loves having this done to him. Look at you. You are shaking, moaning and that cock of yours is getting steel hard AGAIN," I counter as I pull my arm out of him. 

"Why did you stop?" he asks.

"Because one- my forearm is covered in your shit," I begin my list as I wipe my hand over his right peck, "two- if I don't hurry up and fuck you than I will climax on the bed sheets." 

I enter his, surprisingly tight, hole. I didn't have Jason's stamina because of how horny I was but I made up for it.

After only a few pumps, I give him one huge glob of cum than another and another. I quickly lost count of how much seed I poured into him before I collapsed onto his sweaty body. 

Neither of us said anything as I rolled onto his left arm. 

"We need to shower and get you back to the counselor," I tell him.

"I know. Don't worry this night will not be the last," he replies hearing the sorrow I did a poor job of hiding. 

Soundlessly, we showered and changed Jason's bandages than we got dressed. 

6:30

"Damn they will know I'm missing by now," he sputters as he reads the van clock.

Other than that the car ride there was quiet. I dropped him off and for the last couple days I never heard from him.

Once Jean and Jason got back home he told all the adults that they made up but the marriage was only a shame to keep from hurting Shellbell, Logan, and Preston. He told me that they were getting Jean her own queen sized bed and true to his word she got her own bed. A couple nights, later Jason and I began a series of steamy sex nights.