 This is something a little different for me, a straight guy. I'd love to have what happens in this story happen to me!

I'm keen to write more about these two, so let me know what you might like to see.

*****

I'm sitting on the couch in the big downstairs room (sometimes we call it the Rumpus Room!). Well, I'm not sitting directly on the couch - to be more accurate, I'm sitting on top of Marcus.

Well, to be even more accurate, I'm impaled on Marcus! My feet are on the floor beside his, and I can feel the beautiful feeling of his hard, oiled cock, slowly moving up and down, deep inside me.

Together, our hands and fingers keep my cock in that blissful state of high arousal, deliberately not letting me cum until much later.

"How did I get here?" I think to myself. "I'm happily married, with two beautiful kids and an amazing house. Yet, here I am in the basement of my house, joyfully taking the next-door-neighbour's cock inside my ass."

You might think I'd feel some sort of guilt, but I don't. I still love my wife, absolutely so, and despite the cock inside me, I wouldn't call myself gay. I certainly don't love my neighbour - but I sure love his cock!

Let me take you back a few months, to when this all started. My wife and the kids were flying away to visit her parents. I dropped them off at the airport late one Friday afternoon, knowing I would genuinely miss them for the two days they'd be gone.

Having said that, as a life-long masturbation fan, I was also very much looking forward to being alone in the house for an entire weekend!

I got myself a coffee, then headed home. It was just after 6pm when I got there - still very much light, at the height of summer. First task was to close all the curtains. As much of an exhibitionist as I am, I want to be a little more discreet than that! 

Within a few minutes of that, I was naked, sitting on the couch, reading erotic stories on the laptop - I'm sure you've all been there yourselves!

I'm not sure what it was - probably something I'd been reading in one of the stories - but, about half an hour later, I decided to head down to the Rumpus Room and watch a few of my favourite videos on the big TV down there.

The TV in that room can see all the videos from a media server I have set up, including some rather sexy ones!

Sitting myself on the couch down there, I started going through some of my favourites. I watched a few real female orgasms, as well as some apparently real squirting videos. They were great, and certainly more than enough to keep my cock hard (along with the attention it was getting from my hand), but I wanted something more.

I remembered that, in my last wanking session, I'd downloaded some video of other guys masturbating. I've done this before, but never until I'm well on the way to cumming. It's like I don't want to admit I find it a big turn-on until I'm already so turned on that I can blame it on something else.

In the past, I've always deleted them. For some reason, this time I'd kept them around. As soon as I put them on, the feelings from that last session came flooding back - I just about had butterflies in my stomach.

I knew I'd hit on something good, so I just played through the four videos I had in order, sitting on the couch, legs apart, cock rock-hard.

The guys wanking and cumming on-screen were just making me hornier and hornier, and I didn't stop to question it.

The fourth video started, sending a jerk of electricity through my body. I had totally forgotten I'd downloaded it! Five guys, in some sort of lounge, all naked and masturbating. As it went on, it progressed to them masturbating each other.

I was on all fours in front of the screen now, watching two guys masturbate together as their hard shafts pressed up against each other.

I was very very close to that point of no return, where I'd have to decide whether to just cum right now, or stop and rest, so I could edge for longer. I was so horny from watching these guys that I'd pretty much decided just to blow my load along with them, when I heard the peace-shattering sound of the doorbell.

I stopped, completely still, hard cock in hand, and turned my head towards the downstairs door, right next to the ranch-sliders at the front of the Rumpus Room.

To my horror, I realised that I'd completely forgotten to close the curtains in front of the ranch-slider! Anyone ringing the doorbell would have to walk back past the ranchslider, and would be able to look straight in and see me!

I stood up quickly, to step out of sight behind the couch, but it was too late. A dark-haired guy in his twenties walked from the front door, past the ranch-slider. He paused, looking in through the glass with his hands shielding his eyes.

I couldn't move! I was standing there totally naked, my cock still as hard as ever, with two guys on the screen next to me just beginning to cum.

The guy at the door stood there for what seemed like minutes. It looked as if he was staring directly at me! Then, suddenly, he was gone, and I heard footsteps up the side of the house, heading to the back door.

I quickly threw my clothes back on, pausing the video. Just as I was dressed, the back doorbell upstairs rang. I barely had time to think, "should I just pretend there's no-one here?" before quickly deciding against it and dashing up to answer the door.

I pretended to fiddle with the lock (it wasn't locked) to give me a chance to get my breath back.

I opened the door to the guy I'd seen moments earlier. He seemed familiar from before then, too.

"Hi, er - I'm Marcus - from next door?" he said, holding out his hand to shake mine.

"Oh, hi mate," I said, shaking his hand with my own, which, moments earlier had been wrapped around my cock.

My mind was racing. What could he possibly want? He and his girlfriend were in their twenties, and seemed nice enough, but we'd hardly spoken in the month or so they'd lived next to us.

"So, um, this is a little awkward," he began.

Fuck! He definitely had seen me downstairs.

I erred on the side of caution, not saying anything.

"I just, um, wondered if you have a pruning saw I could borrow?" he finished.

I stood there, practically gaping with disbelief. It must have been too dark inside the Rumpus Room for him to see me! Thank fuck for that!

"Erm, you know, the small sort-of curved saw, with a kind of reverse action," he continued, taking my silence for lack of understanding.

I definitely had a pruning saw, but decided to continue as if I didn't know what one was, to explain my silence. Besides, I knew it was downstairs, in the basement next to the Rumpus Room, and the idea of having someone in where I'd been wanking mere moments ago was quite a turn-on.

"I've got a few different saws - you're welcome to borrow them! Come downstairs and see if I've got the right thing," I said, motioning for him to follow me.

"Thanks so much mate," he said. "There's an annoying branch scraping the side of our bedroom wall - I don't really want to bother the landlord with it."

"No problem," I said, as we made our way down the stairs. "I'm happy to help out. Should probably have introduced myself to you a while ago!"

As I reached the Rumpus Room door at the bottom of the stairs, I had the horrible realisation that the TV would be on, with a crystal-clear picture of two guys with cum-covered cocks, paused mid-orgasm!

I made a show of fiddling with the lightswitch, leaning around into the room and blocking Marcus from entering. To my great relief, the TV was black - it must have gone into power-saving mode.

"Come in, come in," I said to Marcus, starting to feel a little more turned on as we walked past the couch where I'd been masturbating just a few minutes ago.

I went through into the basement, flicking the light on as I went.

"Oh wow, you've got one of the new Viera TVs!" exclaimed Marcus from the other room.

"Yeah, have a look if you like, while I get these saws out," I replied, without thinking.

Just as I realised what I'd done, I heard the unmistakeable sound of semen-lubricated cocks coming from the TV. My heart dropped.

I rushed back to the doorway to see Marcus grinning at me, remote in hand.

"Shit, I'm sorry," I stammered.

Marcus held up his hand to stop me saying anything further. "Look, I actually saw you through the door before -"

Fuck! "Oh man, I'm so sorry," I interrupted. "Look, I forgot to close the curtains - it was totally unintentional.

Marcus held his hand up again. "No, I think you misunderstand. I'm just gonna come out and say it - I'd like to join in!"

I didn't know what to say, although my cock seemed to have decided for me, as I felt it trying to push its way out through my shorts.

"From what you were watching, I get the idea you'd be OK with us, um, masturbating together?" Marcus said, glancing down at my crotch.

I was still very apprehensive about this, but my cock certainly wasn't. The naughtiness of the whole situation was such a turn-on that I just blurted out, "Sure! Um, have you done anything like this before?"

"No, I just - kind of - came in here without really thinking about it. I'm game for it if you are, though!" he replied.

I thought for about a second.

"Fuck it! If you're up for it, so am I!"

Meanwhile, the video had cut away from the two guys cumming together, and was now focused on two different guys, side by side on a couch and slowly rubbing up and down their hard cocks.

I glanced over at Marcus, then pulled my shorts down to the floor and sat back on the couch. My cock was most definitely erect, sticking up between my legs, the head a deep red.

I kept my eyes glued to the two cocks on the screen as Marcus removed his own shorts, then sat down next to me. I was still too shy to look over at him, but not so shy that I couldn't move my right hand to my own cock.

Closing my fist around the shaft, I started to slowly and gently pull the foreskin up over the head and back down again. The feeling was incredible, knowing that there was another guy with his cock out sitting next to me.

One of the masturbators on screen had got some lube onto his cock, and, pulling the foreskin down at the base, was slowly (and quite sensuously, I had to admit) moving his fist up and down the naked, wet head.

Drops of pre-cum were appearing at the slit of his cock every few pumps, and he would pick it up by moving his fingers over it, mingling it back in with the other lubrication on his hot cock.

There was no denying that I was INCREDIBLY turned on right at that moment. My cock was harder than ever - it was hard to imagine it ever being soft again! The masturbating on screen was very sexy, and to add to it all, there was STILL a guy next to me with his cock out!

I glanced down briefly at my cock, and was even more excited to discover that there was a drop of semen at the end of it! I must have been soooo close to cumming when Marcus interrupted me, that now the pre-cum had that lovely white fluid mixed in with it. I'd had this happen in the past, and knew exactly what to do now.

I moved the palm of my hand up and over my slit, gathering the semen and pre-cum and moving it down over the head of my cock and onto the foreskin. The hot, slippery feeling was amazing - my cock was now gliding through my hand beautifully.

As horny as I now was, I risked looking over at Marcus, sitting beside me. I was both amazed and excited to discover that he wasn't looking at the screen at all, but down at my hand rubbing my cock.

He was so engrossed in watching me pleasure myself that he didn't seem to have noticed that I was watching him. I made sure my hand kept up the slow, gentle rubbing up and down my cock, and, feeling a little butterfly of excitement in my stomach, directed my gaze to Marcus's cock.

Wow! He was VERY very hard! It didn't seem possible, but his cock looked even harder than mine did! It was a very similar size and shape to my own cock - uncircumcised, but with a foreskin that had retracted so it never truly covered the head unless it was TOTALLY soft.

Marcus's cock certainly wasn't soft right now, though! He wasn't touching it, so I could see the whole of it in all its glory. If I thought I'd been turned on watching other cocks on screen, well - seeing one right next to me for REAL was infinitely, exponentially sexier!

Marcus's cock was a deep red, engorged as it was. The head was deeper yet, bordering on purple around the ridge, and it sat there, bigger around than the shaft it topped.

Marcus's cock twitched as I watched it. I risked a quick glance at his face, but he was still completely engrossed in watching me slowly fuck myself. I made sure to keep my fist moving on my cock, and looked back down at Marcus's cock.

It twitched again as I watched, engorging the head further as it did so, deepenining the colour of the head and stiffening it away from his stomach as it did so.

I kept watching his cock, as it twitched and stiffened more. I loved the feeling of building myself back up to that pre-orgasmic peak, combined with the kind of butterflies-naughtiness feeling in my stomach at the idea of watching another guy's hard cock.

Soon pre-cum began to come out the slit of Marcus's cock with each twitch. There wasn't a huge amount each time, but after only a few minutes there was a slippery, sexy line of it running from the slit, down over the front of the head and onto his stomach.

The beautiful feeling in my stomach intensified as I watched this, and I could feel that my cock was becoming very close to orgasm indeed.

As I continued stroking and squeezing my own cock, I saw that Marcus's was twitching more often, harder, and staying tensed up for longer each time. In short order he was stiffening up about once every second (I didn't actually time it!).

I knew it wouldn't be long before I came, and I was still unsure about whether to start rubbing myself harder, and push past the point of no return into the sweet sweet relief of orgasm, or to slow down a little and build up to an even bigger and better climax later on.

I'd just thought, "well, it's a while before HE will come, he hasn't even touched himself yet, I'll slow down and wait," Marcus's cock tensed up more stiffly than it yet had, turning a deep red as he stayed completely stiff for several seconds.

His stiffness briefly relented, allowing the head of his cock to touch his stomach, before suddenly stiffening and relaxing over and over again, semen first squirting out, then running out and down his cock with each spasm.

I was awestruck. Obviously, I'd watched guys come on video before, and of course I'd seen myself come countless times. However, to have another guy sitting right next to me, his cock spaming and twitching as he ejaculated was something else entirely.

The pulsing contractions in Marcus' cock continued, semem still flowing out the slit. He let out a couple of breathless, "oh!" noises as he began to wind down from his orgasm.

I, meanwhile, had NOT stopped fucking myself like I'd thought I was going to. Instead, I was spurred on towads my own climax by watching Marcus reach his.

I started to rub faster and harder, concentrating on the hard, deep red head of my cock. I watched one final spasm of Marcus' cock before closing my eyes and going hard to get to orgasm.

There was quite a lot of pre-cum, but in truth, I'd rather have had something more in the way of lubrication. Never mind, I was gonna come soon anyway - my brain wouldn't let me think of anything else but fucking myself until I squirted my sperm everywhere.

I heard a movement on the couch beside me, but kept my eyes closed, spurring myself to greater heights of pleasure, Marcus' spasming, ejaculating cock foremost in my mind.

My cock became suddenly much slipperier, as a big drop of pre-cum gently slid out of my slit. I greedily scooped it up, rubbing it all over my cock.

There felt like a LOT of pre-cum, I was so turned on. I didn't remember ever making this much before.

I opened my eyes to look, and was astonished to see Marcus kneeling in front of me. one hand was cupped, holding some of his load of semen from before. The other hand was reached out towards me, his cum running off it and down over my cock and hand.

So - not my own pre-cum, but another guy's ACTUAL cum! I don't think I'd ever been so turned on or ready to ejaculate in my life. The very thought of spreading Marcus' seed up and down my cock, rubbing it into the skin as I brought myself ever closer to orgasm was enough to start that familiar feeling deep in my stomach.

Oh god, I was gonna come, and hard! Time seemed to slow down as I began to orgasm, letting me feel every single thing.

First, I felt myself involuntarily bearing down through my stomach, forcing a long grunt from my lips, followed by a sharp indrawn breath as I felt my anus and cock tense, hard.

That wonderful feeling of tension, almost like I needed to pee, seemed to last forever, preparing me for the delicious feeling of that amazing first jet of semen as it was forced out of me.

I watched from then, seeing my beautiful cock pump spurt after spurt of come towards my neighbour. I'd definitely never come quite like this before...