 The first time Dave saw Ted's ass it was lust at first sight. Those big, beefy buns bouncing up and down in his snug jeans made Dave go weak in the knees.

But that was compared to nothing when the big blonde dude turned around and Dave caught sight of his handsome face. Ted flashed Dave a smile and then turned back around and rammed his hands into his pockets, stretching the fabric tight across that meaty magnificence.

A few days later Dave saw Ted in town and smiled and said hello. The big, friendly bear smiled a smile so warm that Dave thought he would melt. He could feel his cock twitch in his underpants and his mouth was as dry as the desert. It had been ages since Dave had felt like this but this dude's ass was sheer perfection to a big butt lover like Dave.

Each time the two studs ran into each other in town they would smile and say hello. But then one day Dave saw Ted walking hand in hand with a woman. He felt like he had been kicked in the guts. Just when he thought that he and Ted had some kind of understanding; that possibly, just possibly he might get his hands on those firm glutes he discovered that it was not to be. It took the wind out of his sails.

'Hey hold up!' Dave heard someone say one day as he was walking along, lost in his private thoughts.

He turned around and saw Ted wearing a T-shirt and pair of shorts. Dave's eyes were drawn to Ted's beefy, hairy thighs and shapely legs.

'Where's your girlfriend today?' Dave asked.

'Girlfriend?' Ted seemed nonplussed.

'You know... the red head with the big...' Dave started.

'You mean Cindy!' Ted said before chortling. 'That would give her a laugh, you thinking she was my girlfriend!'

'She's not?'

'No, I'm gay. Cindy is just a good friend.'

'Wow!' Dave couldn't hide his excitement. 'You're gay.'

'That's right.' Ted replied. 'And judging by the way you've been staring at my crotch I'd say you were too.'

'Sorry...'Dave stammered 'I didn't mean to. It's just that you're so fucking hot I can't help myself.'

Ted put his arm around Dave right there in the street and gave his earlobe a quick nibble.

'I love the way you look at me!' he told Dave. 'It makes me feel like the sexiest man alive.'

'Oh, but you are,' Dave replied 'I've been searching for an ass like yours all of my adult like.'

'Buddy, let's not waste time talking about it,' Ted growled 'let's get back to my place and fuck.'

Dave let Ted lead the way as he drank in the lust inducing sight of his meaty man mounds swaying left and right. To think that soon he would get his hands on that firm fuck flesh! He tried to picture what Ted's ass would look like. Would it be smooth or hairy, blemished or not? Either way he didn't care; he just wanted to sink his shaft into that bountiful mound of man meat.

But Ted was in no hurry to get naked. He took Dave into the living room and started showing him photographs of himself. Dave reluctantly accepted a beer; all he really wanted was a slurp of some tangy man juice but he would have to bide his time. Finally Dave couldn't hold out any longer and he reached over to grab Ted's crotch.

Ted grabbed hold of Dave's hand and held it firmly.

'Not so fast, buddy.' he said. 'You've got to give me a kiss first if you want to get into my underpants.'

Dave's head was in a spin as their lips met and he experienced the sweetest yet horniest kiss ever. His hard cock was crushed up against his belly and was leaking copious amounts of precum, gluing the head to Dave's smooth, flat stomach. Dave's hands stroked up and down the big guy's back, feeling the muscles dance under his palms. Damn! Ted was hot and he wanted him so bad.

'Please, please....' Dave begged when he broke off the kiss.

Ted laughed and took him by the hand and led him into the bedroom. Ted flicked on his CD player and some smoky, sexy jazz filled the room. Dave watched in amazement as the big blonde husky hunk started to strip. It was just the sexiest thing Dave had ever seen and his cock was now so hard it actually hurt. Ted took his time and it seemed like an age before he took off his shirt, revealing his perfectly smooth chest and tiny brown nipples. Ted's eyes never left Dave's as he performed for his soon to be lover. He knew that right then, in that moment in time, he WAS the sexiest man alive. There was no doubt about it, and it would never be this good again; he was determined to savour the moment.

It took all of Dave's willpower to resist whipping out his hard dick and stroking off, or jumping Ted and ripping his clothes to shreds but at last the delicious blonde bear was down to his bikini briefs. Dave moaned in excitement when he saw how the pale blue fabric rode right up into the cleft of that massive ass. How he longed to pull that cloth out of Ted's ass and sniff it. A pair of hefty balls made Ted's underpants sag low in the front revealing a few wisps of silky blonde hair. It was too much for Dave and he went and kneeled in front of Ted and pressed his face into the stud's underwear clad crotch, and inhaled his masculine scent.

Ted ground his crotch against Dave's face, never once missing a beat in his sexy strip. Now at last he stepped back from the lust crazed Dave and slowly peeled off his blue briefs. Lower and lower the waist band went, revealing first Ted's sparse crotch hair and then his pale, beefy uncut cock and massive, silky smooth balls. It was a sight so overwhelmingly sexy that Dave forgot all about the big butt of his dreams. He took hold of Ted's fleshy cock and gently peeled the foreskin back, revealing a plum coloured knob that he gently took into his mouth.

Ted sighed as Dave began nursing on his cock. This horny slim, handsome dude sure knew what he was doing and Ted's cock was now fully inflated to eight fat inches that Dave managed to deep throat to perfection. His hands began to stroke up and down Ted's hairy thighs, avoiding his butt cheeks which Dave had decided to save for later. He greedily gobbled Ted's cock until the husky hunk could hold back no longer. He let out an animal cry as he flooded Dave's mouth with his thick, creamy spunk.

Ted was in a Daze after his amazing orgasm and lay down on the bed. Dave sat beside him and began to gently massage Ted's back. The big fella was soon so relaxed that he actually dozed off. Some minutes later he woke to the unmistakable sensation of being very well and eagerly rimmed. Ted spread his thighs further apart allowing Dave more access to his little rosebud, which he greedily lapped at while he moaned like a lust worn slut.

Dave came out of Ted's crack to once more admire those pale, smooth orbs which were as perfect as any ass had any right to be. There was not a single blemish on those lovely cheeks which were easily the shapeliest, fullest and firmest that Dave had ever seen. He stroked them lovingly while telling Ted what a hot fuck he was. He squeezed and fondled and tugged and stroked those beefy cheeks until Ted was so horny that he begged Dave to fuck his asshole.

Dave buried his face once more in Ted's warm, spicy crack and lubed him up good and proper. Then applying a little spit to his precum slicked cockhead for good measure he slid into that silky warm canal and cried out in ecstasy. That ass was built for comfort and endurance and Dave fucked it good and slow. The lovers were united in pleasure as their skin grew sweaty with exertion. On and on Dave stroked, turning Ted into a mumbling wreck. His ass was alive with pleasure and he wanted this fuck to go on forever but at the same time he wanted Dave to get his rocks off. The sound of a lover groaning in his ear was one that Ted loved to hear.

He began to squeeze his assring tight against Dave's cock making the top man cry out in delight. Dave was close now, so very close and that slick hot ass that was milking his cock took him right to the edge. Dave gave one last lunge into the depths of Ted's hot ass and bellowed as his joy juice began blasting out of his overexcited cock and deep into the husky hunk's massive ass.

The pair lay panting for a few moments before getting up to take a shower. Later that night Dave offered up his tight little bubble butt to Ted's fat cock and he received the ride of his life.

*

Copyright 2006 Daniel Blue 