 © 2013 ChicosTodos. All rights reserved. No part of this story may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without the written permission of the Author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

If you are a minor, or if it is illegal for you to read material containing sexual activity between male adults, please refrain from reading any further.

-----

-----

Danny awoke with a start.

"Mom??" He remembered chopped chives, scrambled eggs solidifying in a skillet, and a shining butcher knife raised high.

It took him a moment to get his bearings. The alarm clock was beeping. 

No, his mom wasn't chasing Roberto around the kitchen table with a butcher knife. That was just a dream.

As Danny's emotions calmed and reality set in, he reminded himself of the day's events. He wasn't looking forward to the presentation that Friday morning, his first one. The copywriter hated public speaking; he thought he'd successfully steered clear of that by choosing a career in writing. Even though he was prepared, slides all made and notes all done, he was still worried about what everyone would think of him.

But he had something to look forward to after work as well, hopefully two things. The first was the surprise visit he planned for his mechanic boyfriend, to spice up his extra-long day at work.

The second was spending the night at Roberto's place, where they can sleep in a bit Saturday morning before the mechanic started work at noon. 

Of course, there was a technicality to take care of: Danny's parents didn't know he was going to sleep over, yet.

For all he knew, his mom and dad might've thought that he hadn't had sex with Roberto yet. The two times he'd slept over at his boyfriend's since they become monogamous recently, Danny told them he was sleeping over at his best friend Richie's. Now, he was going to tell them he planned to stay over at Roberto's. What would they think of their good little boy?

And then there was his relationship with Richie. He hadn't had a meaningful talk, or really hung out with Richie in months. That was a whole other issue, and Danny didn't know how to deal with it.

He got up and looked out the bedroom window. Heavy rain outside, whipping across the glass pane under fierce winds. Walking downstairs to the kitchen, he saw his dad Pierre turning back and forth between the stove, the fridge, and his iPhone in quick, hurried steps.

"Bonjour, papa," Danny said, sliding into a kitchen chair.

Pierre looked up at him and smiled. "Bonjour Danny...your mother's feeling a little bit sick, so I'm making breakfast this morning."

"Is she okay?" his son asked.

"Her stomach's a little bit sensitive from the feast last night. Don't worry; I've got this all under control..." His father pulled open a drawer and started digging through the clanging utensils. "The measuring cup, where is it?"

"I dunno..." Danny replied, getting up to help his dad. The two men rummaged through a few more drawers, then went up to the cupboards until they finally found the cup. They both chuckled at how useless they were without Ms. Yeung.

"Sit down," Pierre urged, pouring flour into the plastic cup. Danny went back to the kitchen table, delighted that he was going to have freshly made pancakes for breakfast.

"And tell me more about Roberto."

Danny's face fell. His father sensed Danny's tension.

"He seems to be an interesting guy."

"...yeah," Danny replied, grabbing the carton of milk from the fridge.

"Certainly smart and hardworking. And good-looking. I'm surprised your mom hasn't mentioned him before."

"Really? She was so sure he was gonna ruin my life," his son answered, pouring milk into a glass.

Pierre thought for a moment, stirring the flour, baking powder, sugar, and salt in a bowl. "...this is the same guy, Roberto, the seducer?" He thought for a moment. "Mais oui...it makes sense now."

"What do you mean?" Danny asked, looking at his dad.

"Your mom and I talked last night about you and your new boyfriend," Pierre responded, mixing eggs and milk together in a separate bowl. "She was worried. That's normal, for her. She had her heart broken before..."

"What??" his son exclaimed, eager to hear about a part of his mom's life that he never heard about, ever.

"Mais oui...and she's worried the same heartbreak will happen to you. But you know what I told her?" Pierre shot a glance at his son before mixing the dry and wet ingredients together.

"I said, 'Danny, he's a young man now. He's always been a good boy, because we raised him up well. Now, we have to trust him to make his own decisions. He has to do that, in order to grow up to be a good man."

Danny felt a lump in his throat. "And...what did mom say?"

Pierre did an over-the-top impersonation of his dramatic wife, bringing a wide smile to his son's face. "Oh, you know, blah blah blah, 'but Roberto's a bad bad man'....and I said, 'You liked him a lot during dinner'."

"She did?" Danny asked, hopeful.

"Bien sûr. He was so charming, so friendly." The Frenchman tested the heat of the stove. "And he can cook," Pierre added, as he shot another glance at his son, this time with an arched eyebrow. "Good choice."

"You like him, dad?" the copywriter asked quietly, holding his breath.

"Ben...do you like him? Are you happy together?" Pierre poured the mixture into the pan. The batter sizzled.

"I love him," Danny replied, his expression certain, still. 

Pierre puffed out his cheeks and exhaled, grabbing the spatula.

"He's good to you? He doesn't hurt you?" he asked, turning back to the frying pan.

His son paused and looked away. After a wordless moment, Pierre turned back around, eyebrows arching high.

"He did hurt me. But we worked it out." Danny turned back to his father. "We're okay now," Danny replied, finding a smile widening on his face.

"Ben voilà...you should tell your mother that. Tell her you're handling this like a man," his dad said, patting his shoulder.

"Merci, papa," Danny responded. He reached for his father's shoulder, emotions welling in his throat. Pierre smiled warmly.

"And if he hurts you again..." Pierre drew his thumb across his throat, complete with a strangling sound effect. His son burst out in laughter.

"Papa, can I ask you something?"

"Oui?" Pierre said, flipping the first pancake onto a plate.

"Promise you won't cut my throat first."

Those eyebrows arched again.

-----

That Friday saw a severe thunderstorm, with hail and a tornado watch, which prompted schools and other institutions to close down. Danny was among a handful of people on his office floor who actually showed up, albeit an hour late. There was no presentation after all; most of his coworkers opted to work from home. 

By the time 4pm rolled around, his boss urged him to go home: there wasn't much Danny could work on without the other team members present. Danny didn't object, but he wasn't planning on going home yet. Even though it was crazy outside, he was determined to see his man.

He packed all his stuff and turned off his work computer. Then Danny made a call to his favourite Chinese restaurant for takeout. He grinned as he hung up, anticipating an exciting evening.

Meanwhile, Roberto was in the office of his auto shop, researching new business growth opportunities. He'd sent everyone else home, since every appointment from noon on was cancelled and rescheduled for another day--no customer wanted to brave the storm. The mechanic had thought about going home early himself, but stayed behind for two reasons: one, for the rare chance to do some business planning during office hours; two, because Danny texted him saying to stay at the garage, then refused to answer any subsequent texts or calls.

Around 5pm, he heard tapping on the glass of the front door. Bookmarking his browser tabs, Roberto got up and headed to the lobby, wondering who was in such urgent need of car service.

When he got to the door, he saw Danny outside, stumbling in the gusting crosswinds. Wearing nothing but beige shorts, and an orange short-sleeve shirt with matching visor, his boyfriend was carrying a big paper takeout bag for some reason.

"Danny, what the hell are you doing??" the mechanic exclaimed, whipping open the front door and pulling his boyfriend in.

"Oh, thank you sir! Wow, such a powerful storm!" Danny piped up in a ridiculous Chinese accent. 

The younger man looked down at his soaked outfit, then lifted the takeout bag and thrusted it in Roberto's face. "Here's your order, sir! Guaranteed fresh!"

Roberto stood rigid in his coveralls, staring at Danny, mouth hanging open.

Danny winked and continued, taking the mechanic's hand and giving him the bag. "Fresh Chinese buns, hot from the oven! I guarantee they're soft and juicy." The younger man chuckled and batted his eyes.

For a moment, Roberto actually wanted to open the bag and dig in; the food smelled delicious. But then something else caught his attention: Danny started stripping.

"Quiet day at the auto shop, sir?" the younger man asked in his shaky accent, unbuttoning his wet shirt while bending over and swaying his ass. "You must be so lonely..."

Roberto smirked. He put the takeout bag on the front desk, then leaned back against it and enjoyed the show.

"What's wrong, sir? Wrong order? You don't like Chinese buns?" Danny questioned in a high-pitched, surprised tone, undoing the last shirt button. His man gazed hungrily at the sliver of flesh exposed underneath the open shirt front, skin so creamy and hairless, body so slim and supple. Danny pulled apart his open shirt and started slowly rubbing his nipples. 

"Maybe there's something else you like?"

"Oh, I love Chinese buns," Roberto replied, grinning wide. "I need to see them before I pay, though." He raised his eyebrows and nodded his chin.

"Ooh, smart mechanic. No tricking you, hehe!" Danny exclaimed, taking off his shirt.

"No, keep the shirt on. Just the shorts off," the mechanic ordered.

"Ooh yes sir, whatever you like." His boy turned around and unzipped his tight, stretchy , soaked shorts. Bending down at the waist, he stuck his peach bum out and slid the shorts down, stripteasing slowly. 

Roberto's prick stiffened in his coveralls. He watched the moist denim shorts smooth over and reveal Danny's globes, round and compact.

His boy wore no underwear. The falling shorts unveiled Danny's buttocks and rosebud, slightly loosened from Roberto's regular labour, despite the younger man's Kegel sets. 

The mechanic took a deep breath and stood up straight, ready to sample his order.

"You like, sir?" Danny asked coyly, bending his upper body further down until his hands pressed on the lobby floor, while his legs stood straight and hoisted his buttocks up into the air. The denim shorts piled around his ankles.

Roberto walked up and gave the cheeks a big slap. Danny jumped but remained face down, ass up. Spreading his hands lustily on the globes, the mechanic squeezed hard and began dry-humping his boy through his navy uniform.

Danny pushed back and whimpered. His fantasy was beginning to come true.

"Umm...very fresh....and soft..." his man muttered, groping Danny's ass greedily. "Just what I ordered..."

Danny suddenly stood up and pushed Roberto away.

"Excellent, sir," he said with a smirk. He lifted one leg and grabbed the shorts from his ankle, then started walking to the garage area, wearing only an open shirt and visor.

"Tasting is in the car," he teased. He realized then that if Roberto's red Lancer wasn't in the shop, his plan to realize his fantasy would backfire embarrassingly.

The mechanic's eyes widened. His boy was laying it on thick, and it was over the top, but he loved every second of it. Snapping out of his lusty daze, Roberto followed Danny to the garage, where he did indeed park his Lancer. It was the only car in the shop, parked beside the hydraulic lift. 

Danny maneuvered his way around the car parts and garage equipment, heading towards the red customized sports sedan. "Wow, such a nice car you have, sir," the young man exclaimed. 

When he got to the car, he spun around, stretched his arms up, and leaned back against the cold metal doors.

Roberto whistled; there was his boy, naked save for an open, dripping shirt and silly visor, draped on his car. Danny's ribs were showing, as well as the faint outlines of his abdomen. His cock was half-hard, his green eyes basking in Roberto's carnivorous glare.

The mechanic took his time getting closer to his lover, putting on his swagger. He began pulling his coverall zipper down.

"Stay in your uniform," Danny ordered without an accent.

"Yes sir," his man answered emphatically. 

Finally, he stood right in front of his boyfriend, looking down, faces so close together that he could feel Danny's hot breath on his chin. 

Before the mechanic went in for the kiss, he grabbed Danny's hands and pressed them down on the roof of his car. Then he dove in and devoured his boy's lips and tongue.

The younger man moaned in ecstatic pleasure, his skin tingling as his fantasy became reality. He'd wanted to get fucked in the garage by his mechanic boyfriend since the first time they met. He was delighted that Roberto was up for it.

Breaking the kiss with a loud smack, the older man let go of Danny's hands and asked, "Does this cost extra?" 

Danny burst out in laughter.

"Free sample, just for you," his boy replied. He grabbed Roberto's coverall zipper and guided it down. Disappointingly, his man had clothes on underneath, a white tee and tiny red briefs that barely contained his growing nine-incher. Danny had hoped that, like in his fantasies, Roberto would be naked underneath the uniform.

"Looks like it's my lucky day," the mechanic said. He aimed for Danny's right nipple and swooped in, biting hard on the fleshy pink knob. The younger man lost it, cursing out loud.

With his free hands, Roberto reached down and fondled his boy's genitals. The thick, five-inch dick erected rapidly to full mast as the mechanic's seasoned hands stroked and twisted around the shaft. Meanwhile, his mouth switched over to his lover's left nipple and resumed nibbling.

"Ahh!" Danny exclaimed. He tried awkwardly to fish Roberto's massive boner out of his underwear, but their height difference and the mechanic's fervour made it tricky. So, the younger man settled on running his hands all over Roberto's scalp, ears, and neck.

"Umm, I love Chinese..." Roberto muttered, beginning to bite and kiss his way down Danny's trim, pale torso. His hands kept stroking and pulling on his boy's cock and balls.

"Oh Berto...uhh..." Danny gave up on his Chinese accent, too distracted by the coming blowjob.

The mechanic made his way down to his lover's erection, crouching in front of Danny. "Forgot I ordered a spring roll too," he stated matter-of-factly, winking up at Danny. The younger man lost it again, and they both had a laughing fit for a moment.

When the last giggles died down, Roberto gazed into Danny's eyes and stealthily took the cock into his mouth. He took it all in one swallow.

The younger man squeaked his lover's name and closed his eyes, knees weak from the raw sensation. He started panting, feeling the awesome suction and tongue bath Roberto administered.

The mechanic loved to hear Danny moan and beg for more; he loved knowing that he could arouse and satisfy his lover's needs. All the men he had sex with before, it was just about getting off; with Danny, he wanted to titillate and please and blow him away. Of course, having Danny constantly remind him he was the best didn't hurt his ego.

After several blissful minutes, Roberto released Danny's throbbing prick, thick strings of saliva stretching and falling from the shaft. He looked up at his boy and slapped his ass, a signal to turn around. Danny bit his lip and complied, but before his man could start tasting his asshole, he piped up.

"I wanna do it in the car," he said, hopeful.

The mechanic hesitated; he didn't want to get the upholstery dirty.

"Please, Berto? It's...it's my fantasy..." Danny admitted, blushing. Roberto's ears perked up.

"What is, baby?"

"Y'know..." He was starting to feel like a dirty slut.

"Tell me," his man egged on, having a ball teasing Danny.

"Berto!" the younger man whined.

"You're not gettin' it if you don't tell me," the mechanic said, getting up.

Danny turned around in a flash. "No!" 

He looked down at his cock, dripping with spit. 

"I wanna...get fucked in your car," he finally whispered, closing his eyes, cheeks blazing. "With you in your uniform."

Roberto chuckled; he decided it would be worth the cleanup after all. 

With one hand, he seized Danny's cock and rubbed it slowly. "You been thinking about that a long time?" The other hand reached into a pocket on his coverall.

The younger man looked up at his lover, who was almost a foot taller. He nodded.

There was a beep; Roberto had pressed the car remote in his pocket and unlocked the doors to his red Lancer. His boy smiled sheepishly and opened the door to the back seat. Getting in, he kicked off his shoes, crawled on all fours onto the cloth bench, and presented his ass to the mechanic. 

Roberto suddenly realized how erotic this was going to be for him too. Without a word, he pounced and spat on his boyfriend's asshole.

Danny was delirious, squealing uncontrollably. The plastic smell of the car, the firm cloth seat under his palms and knees, and Roberto behind him, his face buried in his hairless crack, tongue poking and swirling, lips sucking hard on his sphincter...it all drove him mad. He cried out like a bitch in heat, prompting his man to give his butt a good slap.

The vigorous rimming lasted a good long moment. Roberto couldn't wait to sink his hard prick all the way into his boy's hole again; he was so turned on he didn't even need to jack off to get hard. Danny was bucking back and forth, pressing his ass against the mechanic's nose and slobbering mouth.

"I'm ready, Berto..." the younger man finally said, craving the piece of engorged flesh between his man's legs.

After giving Danny one more spit on the hole, then a bite on his buttocks, Roberto backed away and opened the front car door. His boyfriend shot him a confused look, until he realized that the mechanic was looking for lube in the glovebox.

"Can I take off my shirt and visor?" he asked. It was starting to get hot in the car.

"Well, if you want me in my uniform..." Roberto shot back with a smirk. His boyfriend pouted, fanning himself with the shirt. His fantasy didn't account for how stuffy car sex would be.

As the mechanic made his way back to Danny, the younger man decided he wanted to see his man during the act, and flipped over. 

Roberto grinned, revving to go. He slid down the band of his red briefs and fished out his hard prick, then slipped a lubed finger into his boy's hole and started probing around. With his other hand, he massaged Danny's thigh and stomach.

The young man found Roberto's free hand and gripped it, guiding it to his cock. With both of his man's hands massaging him inside and out, Danny moaned in pleasure.

"Ready to get fucked by the mechanic, takeout boy?" his man asked after a while, adding another twisting finger inside his rectum.

"Oh yeah, gimme that cock..." Danny breathed, squeezing Roberto's hand around his hardening prick.

"Portuguese sausage, comin' right up." 
