 © 2013 ChicosTodos. All rights reserved. No part of this story may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without the written permission of the Author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

If you are a minor, or if it is illegal for you to read material containing sexual activity between male adults, please refrain from reading any further.

-----

-----

A messy king size bed. Saturday morning.

Warm hands, calloused from fixing automobiles, slid their way up Danny's sides. The fingers circled around his chest.

"Uhh...." the young man moaned, arching his back as he awoke. Under the thin blanket, he felt a pillar of heat in between his buttocks, and pushed back against it.

"Good morning, baby," Roberto purred, giving Danny's ear a quick lick.

"Morning, Berto..." his boy hummed back.

There it was, that thick, long, slightly bent shaft, probing in between his taint and thighs. Danny ground his pelvis back and forth, massaging Roberto's dick; he heard the older man sigh.

Then the dick pulled back and pressed against the opening to Danny's rectum.

"Knock knock," the mechanic said, tapping the tip of his hard cock against his lover's sphincter.

Danny turned around, confused and amused. His man had a mischievous smirk on his stubbly face.

"Knock knock," the mechanic insisted, tapping his cock again.

"Umm...who's there?"

Another dick tap. "Cock."

"Cock who?"

"Cock-a-doodle-dooo!" Roberto hollered, his hands tickling Danny's ribs. The younger man jumped and screamed, trying to wring himself free.

"AHH! Stop! I hate YOU!!"

After several more seconds of torture, the mechanic grabbed Danny's waist tight and pulled him back into spooning position, laughing. They were both breathing heavily.

Catching his breath, Danny turned around to his lover's smug face. "I'm gonna get you for that," the young man threatened.

Roberto chuckled, then kissed his boyfriend. "Whenever you want, baby," he whispered, then turned his boy back around. He aimed his cock at Danny's asshole and tapped again.

"Go away," the younger man fake-complained.

Roberto moaned in his boy's ear. "But I'm hard, baby..."

"Too bad. It's closed for business," Danny declared, trying hard to hide the grin on his face from Roberto. He slid farther away from his lover.

Roberto grunted disappointingly.

Danny waited. 3, 2, 1...

He turned around and pounced, thinking he could catch his lover off guard. However, his hunky man read his mind, caught Danny's lithe body, and pinned him back down on the bed.

Danny yelped as he found himself face down, pressed against the firm mattress. Tendrils of excitement wiggled in his groin.

"Looks like I gotta break and enter," Roberto muttered in a low voice. He leaned over to the nightstand drawer for lube, and ordered his boy to stay down.

"No! Help!" Danny exclaimed melodramatically.

"Ooh yeah, keep screaming. I like that," the mechanic said with a wicked grin.

Danny bit his lower lip in excitement, then continued. "No! Don't!" he pleaded in a high voice. He felt Roberto's weight shift over him again. "You'll never get away with this!"

"I'm gonna enjoy this..." Roberto said in his evil voice. Impatient, he just wanted to ram his bone into Danny's sweet ass, but he wanted his lover to enjoy this too.

He quickly opened the lube bottle and slathered the contents over his hard dick, coating the clear gel up and down his nine inches. The, thick, veiny, slightly bent length throbbed in time with his heartbeat.

Squeezing the bottle again, the mechanic pour more of the cold, slippery substance onto his fingers, drenching the digits about to penetrate some tight, hot hole.

As Danny mewled again in mock desperation, Roberto lifted two fingers and stabbed them through the sphincter ring.

Danny yelped. He pushed back to take his man's fingers up to the second knuckle.

"Stay quiet or I'll just ram my dick in," Roberto warned, twisting and sinking his digits in deeper. His lover looked back and batted his eyes lasciviously.

"Don't, please!" he pleaded loudly. "I'm still a virgin!"

That got his man laughing out loud. "I told you to to be quiet..." he hissed, pulling out his fingers, then pressing his big, rippling body down on Danny's back.

"No!" Danny yelled, sandwiched between Roberto and the mattress. Even Roberto could clearly hear the horniess in his voice. The mechanic licked the younger man's right shoulder, then bit down.

His loins fired up when he heard his boyfriend scream in pleasure. "Piss me off some more and I'll make sure it hurts," the mechanic whispered, his cold tone only making his boy hotter.

Danny decided to flip the script.

"Is that all you can do? Talk?" he sneered. His words halted Roberto, who blinked in surprise. Then the older man whistled and pushed his lover's head down on the soft pillow.

"I'm gonna make you beg for mercy!" he growled, ramming his rigid prick through the anus.

The young man screeched, jolted by the pain. His man waited for several seconds, wrapping his arms around Danny's torso, then impaling deeper.

"Berto!" Danny yelped, then gritted his teeth. Sweat began to trickle all over his body.

"You've been a bad boy..." Roberto grunted. He started fucking his young bottom with a forceful rhythm. Danny cried out repeatedly, his entire body rocking from Roberto's pounding pelvis. His desperate voice was accompanied by the softly creaking bed, and the squishes from Roberto's lubricated shaft puncturing and re-puncturing his anus.

"OH! Oh...yes!"

'"You like getting rough dicked, huh?" Roberto breathed, beginning to perspire. "Yeah, take it, you little slut!"

"No! No...yes! YES!" his lover begged, then yelled in surprise as the mechanic bit his shoulder again. The streaks of sweat from Roberto's armpits and furry chest moistened Danny's arching back.

They went on, and on, fucking like animals in heat. Wet, heated bodies pressed together, grinding and thrusting, their voices moaning and calling in passion.

Roberto had to take a breather from time to time, so that he wouldn't climax too early. Danny took those breaks to lay still and catch his breath, waiting to get filled and emptied again and again.

As usual, they lost track of time. They were fucking hard, after another little break, when the alarm went off. The mechanic stopped thrusting, groaned, and leaned over to shut it off. They had one more hour before Roberto had to be at work.

"Ready to cum, baby?" he asked, squeezing his lover's asscheeks.

"Um hmm," Danny nodded, looking back at Roberto hungrily. The older hunk gave him a kiss, then slapped those bubbly buttocks and jackhammered his prick into his boy. Danny yelped and closed his eyes, his body rollicking.

Several stabs later, the mechanic stud growled, every muscle stiff, then fell on top of Danny's body, breathing hard.

His bottom wasn't done yet though. Danny continued to grind his bum back and forth, stroking the cummy, spent prick inside his loosened canal. The raw sensations drew shudders from Roberto.

"You still horny?" the mechanic asked, his tone breathy.

Danny looked back with a cheeky smile. "Um hmm."

Roberto's eyes light up.

"Flip over," the hunk commanded, as he withdrew quickly from Danny's rectum. A runny mix of semen and lube gushed out from the used hole, staining the bed sheets. The young man turned onto his back, opened up his legs, and licked his lips, staring up at his man longingly.

Roberto's furry, statuesque body was flushed from exertion, the sinewy muscles even more defined under the sheen of slick sweat.

Without a word, Roberto re-entered, impaling all nine inches into Danny's used asshole in one go. He wrapped Danny's legs around his waist, leaned down, and smothered his boyfriend's mouth with his roving tongue and lips.

Danny's eyes rolled back as the relentless drilling began again.

-----

An hour and 15 minutes later, Roberto sped into the garage parking lot and screeched into his parking spot.

When he briskly entered the lobby of the shop, he saw that it was a typical Saturday: busy, filled with waiting customers who had no more seats to sit in. Roberto sped past the waiting room towards the office. A few women stood and chirped hello, only to be met by the head technician's half-hearted wave and smile.

Fred was at the office computer, rapidly typing and flipping through different programs as usual. He didn't even need to look up at Roberto before the mechanic spoke up.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Is everything on schedule?" he apologized and asked, grabbing the clipboard with the day's scheduled appointments, drop-ins, and other tasks.

"15 minutes late," Fred stated, eyes still locked to the monitor, though his brows lifted.

Roberto snickered at the subtle dig. He walked towards the door to the garage, when the office manager added dryly, "That must've been some wakeup sex."

Their eyes met.

Then they burst into laughter.

After they had a moment, Roberto said, "I'm gonna start on the Escalade..." He headed again towards the garage.

"Nick handed in his two weeks," Fred said, this time turning away from the monitor.

Roberto stopped again, this time racked with guilt. "Shit. I'm sorry, Fred. I know I fucked that up." With business booming, they needed every pair of hands they had in the shop. Nick's impending departure was another issue on top of all the balls Roberto and Fred were already juggling.

"It's all right, you horny bastard. He probably got an offer from one of the chains anyway."

"Y'know what? Here, take tomorrow off. I know you wanna spend Sunday with Jen and the baby."

"Buddy, it's cool."

Roberto walked towards his business partner, his best friend if he ever had one, and rested his hand on Fred's shoulder.

"Fred, I fucked up. Let me make it up."

Nick was the smart, proactive 19-year-old mechanic they hired straight out of college last fall. He also had a tryst with Roberto in the shop, before the mechanic was ready to face the fact that he was in love with Danny. After numerous failed attempts at getting into Roberto's pants a second time, Nick realized his chances of getting laid or getting ahead at the garage were nil. He saw no reason to stick around.

The office manager patted Roberto's thick forearm. "It's okay, buddy, seriously. I'm working on the hiring ad right now. Just don't fuck everyone else."

In response, Roberto shook his head and exhaled, grinning. "You know I got Danny now. And, no." The thought of the other mechanics in a sexual light made him nauseous. "Honestly, buddy, do you want me to close for you next week? Or work a few long days so you get more time with the baby?"

Fred thought for a moment. "That would be sweet. Hey, you wanna see the new pics we took of Lana? She..." He didn't have to continue; Roberto's frown answered that question. "Yeah, thought so. But, yeah, buddy, sure, we'll talk about that. I appreciate it."

"I mean it, dude," Roberto affirmed, take a step to the door.

"Uh, Rob?" the office manager piped up again. He shifted awkwardly in his chair before continuing. "Y'know, some of our lady customers are coming in less regularly," he stated, peering from the side of his eyes.

That left his business partner gobsmacked. "So...what do you want me to do? Whore myself out?"

"Well, you used to...flirt more. And it was good for business," he offered hesitantly.

Roberto threw his arms up in the air, shaking his head. "Yeah, but it's different now. It just doesn't feel right, y'know. I got..."

"You got Danny, I know. But think of the nice places you can take him if we exceed our target this month..." Fred whistled. "Bermuda, Cuba, Martinique..."

"Listen up, buddy," the head technician said, walking up to Fred. "I'm tired of you pimping me out." He raised his eyebrows and pointed at his oldest friend. "From now on, I'm gonna whip you into shredded shape and then YOU'RE gonna go out there and deal with the bored housewives."

Fred snickered. "Dude, you seriously have no idea what happens what you've got a baby. You think I'd go to the gym with you rather than sleep, if I had any free time?"

Roberto smirked. "Oh, but think of all the nice places you can take Lana and Jen with the extra money..." He looked off into the distance. "Greece, Italy, Portugal..."

Fred chuckled and shook his head. "Nah, it's never gonna work. You were always the stud." He whistled again.

Sighing then grinning, Roberto gave up. "Shit, you're making me blush. You know I have a boyfriend," the mechanic said coyly, opening the door to the garage. Fred laughed and went back to the computer.

Several seconds later, Roberto peeked back into the office.

"What'cha doin' tonight?" he asked Fred with a wink.

Fred was Roberto's only constant friend. It wasn't that the mechanic was a hermit; before Danny, when the mechanic was single, Roberto had met lots of people through the gym and the bars. However, most of them wanted something sexual or romantic with him, and those relationships never lasted. Others were fairweather acquaintances on the strip, coming and going with the season.

Despite this, Roberto rarely felt lonely. Contrary to his playboy image, he was actually a private person who enjoyed having lots of personal space. For years, he had been well occupied with working as a mechanic, then launching a business with Fred, as well as working out, cooking, and chasing tail.

Fred had been enough of a social commitment for him. However, when he got married and had Lana, they saw each other less often outside of work, and Roberto began feeling a bit of a void in his life. It was just the perfect time for Danny to swoop in and turn everything upside down.

The other reason why Fred was Roberto's only real friend was that the latter rarely let people in. Subconsciously, it was the residual effect of his family's immigration from Portugal when he was eight years old. He'd been a popular kid back home, but when he moved to Canada he lost all of that. Finding himself in a foreign land he didn't want to be in, Roberto was sure that anyone he befriended and cared about would leave his life eventually.

Then he met Fred in middle school. An unassumingly intelligent, enterprising kid, Fred was persistent in becoming friends with the Portuguese teen, mainly because he recognized that Roberto's budding masculine features were drawing the girls' attentions, and he wasn't even trying.

Though it took a few months, Roberto eventually let Fred in, because Fred helped him with all of his subjects at school. They also shared an interest in cars; Roberto liked looking at chassis diagrams and learning all the parts, while Fred was more interested in one day buying a Lamborghini and showing it off.

After college, the young Portuguese started work as a mechanic, while Fred studied for an MBA and sold Porsches at a luxury dealership. Then, when the latter got his master's, he began to save up capital for launching his own business, which took several years. It was enough time for him to convince Roberto to start an auto shop together.

Tonight, after work, the two men went out to grab a drink at a bar. It'd been a long time since they'd hung out together outside the garage. Relaxing for an hour or so before going back home, there was Fred with his beer, Roberto with his wine, joking about old times and geeking out about cars.

One thing they didn't share was love of the same gender. Back in school, as the girls threw themselves at Roberto, Fred assumed he'd scored with all of them. But when he tried to grill the Portuguese for racy details after every date, Roberto just groaned and shrugged his shoulders.

It took an entire school year before Fred figured it out: Roberto was gay. With a quick confirming nod one day walking home from school, Fred got his answer. He also realized that life wasn't fair. Roberto had been getting action all right, just back door action of the male variety when he used his fake ID to go clubbing. Fred never got any until university.

At the sports bar, as the office manager revealed his plan to save up for a Lamborghini behind his wife's back, Roberto's phone rang.

"Is the wife calling?" Fred jabbed. Roberto chuckled and answered the call.

"Hey."

"Where are you??" Danny demanded. He sounded belligerent.

"...I'm just having a drink with Fred. What's wrong?" Roberto asked cautiously.

"You didn't tell me! I've been waiting for you!!" Danny exclaimed.

Roberto was confused. "Wait, waiting for me, for what?"

"To see Richie with me..." Danny hissed.

"But you said you wanted to go by yourself..."

"You pushed me to go see him and now you're leaving me to deal with this alone! I don't even want to see him! It was your idea!" Roberto had never heard his boyfriend this angry before.

Danny was practically yelling when he demanded, "Why aren't you home?!"

"Okay, I'm coming back now," the mechanic replied. He was annoyed, confused and worried.

"Don't bother," Danny said coldly and hung up.

-----

-----

Half an hour later, Richie and Simon walked into Fantabulous, one of the gay bars on the strip.

"So, tell me about Luke already!" the blond said eagerly as they sat down at a table.

Simon recalled his brunch with Luke. They went to a diner around the corner, filled with groggy clubbers and well-dressed Ikea shoppers. Grabbing a table on the patio, the editor-in-chief got Simon to talk all about himself, something that he didn't do often. He was usually the listener, but Luke made him feel very comfortable, and seemed genuinely interested in hearing about his interests and his goals. Only after they said goodbye did Simon realize that he didn't know anything more about Luke.

"Oh, and another thing. So I told him that I'm looking for a job, and he said he might be able to help me out."

"Ooh, at Queeries??" Richie asked.

"I think so. I don't know what job I could do, but that would be amazing."

The blond winked. "Ohh yeah...imagine the naughty lunch breaks when you show him your appreciation!" He burst out laughing as Simon shook his head and blushed.

"He is really cute...and smooth..." the singer said, then paused. "I mean, personality, not his body...omigosh..."

Richie guffawed as Simon blushed some more.

"So you're gonna do more than just look next time?" the blond asked with an arched eyebrow.

The singer shrugged. "Well, who wouldn't?"

Richie nodded. "He is sexy...I bet it'll be lots of fun," he conceded. Then his eyes perked up at someone behind Simon.

As the blond waved, Simon turned around. He saw a short, slim, cute guy who looked a lot like Richie walking towards them. The smile on his face faded when he saw Simon.

"Hey Danny," the blond greeted, giving his friend a hug.

"Hey..."

"How are you?"

Danny shrugged and took a seat. "I'm okay. How are you?"

"I'm good. Is Roberto still at work?"

The brunet looked at Richie, then darted his eyes away. "Uhh, he's out with his office manager Fred. I didn't know he was invited."

Awkwardness hung over the table.

"Oh, well, it would've been nice to see him." The blond took a breath. "So Danny, this is my friend Simon."

The singer extended his hand politely to the brunet. "Hi Danny. It's nice to meet you. I've heard a lot about you."

Danny shook Simon's head weakly as he sized him up: petite, dressed preppily, with perfect black skin and a handsome square face. In his foul mood, he guessed that Simon would be Roberto's type.
