 "You ready?" Roberto asked over the phone.

"...just about," Danny replied, shoving the last remaining pieces of clothing from his closet into a duffle bag. 

Around him, open cardboard boxes and a suitcase all stuffed with his belongings stood in a bare bedroom. His former bedroom.

"All right! You can come over now if you like," the copywriter announced, zipping up the bag.

"Okay baby, I'm heading out then." They hung up.

Sitting on the carpeted floor, looking at the empty four walls, it hit Danny again that he really was moving out of his parents'. This was going to be a big new chapter in his life.

He thought back to when he announced his decision earlier in the week. 

Facing him, in the kitchen, there was his mother, whose eyes widened, like those of a deer staring at oncoming headlights.

Beside her, his dad Pierre raised his eyebrows.

Danny was ready for his mom to raise her voice and begin an endless tirade. But instead, she just got up, expressionless and silent, and headed for the staircase.

"Mom?" the copywriter asked as she walked by him. When she neither stopped nor responded, he turned to his dad, who responded with a silent half-hug and a pat on the shoulder.

"Have you thought about this seriously?" Pierre asked.

"Yes, dad," the brunet answered. "He's the one. We're serious about this."

A slight smile appeared on his father's face. "You're all grown up now." He held Danny in a long embrace.

"It will be hard at times. Call me if you need anything."

"Merci, papa." 

Leaving his memories to focusing again on the present, Danny double-checked his closet. 'At least I have dad,' he thought.

Just then, Pierre knocked on the door. 

"Alors..." Danny's father said as he came in, "When are you leaving?"

"Soon, maybe ten minutes"

His father teased, "Love moves quickly, doesn't it?"

"Dad..." Danny moaned, rolling his eyes, as Pierre laughed and patted the copywriter's shoulder.

"Thank you, for supporting me," Danny said.

"We love you so much, Danny. Both of us." Pierre paused. "Things have been a little bit difficult lately, but that's because you're our little boy. You'll always be our little boy."

"Papa..." The moment just wouldn't be complete without waterworks from Danny.

His father continued. "You're a man now. Take care of yourself. Take care of Roberto. Soon, you'll have to take care of us too!"

Danny chuckled, wiping his tears away.

"Are you done packing?" his father asked, his hands on the brunet's shoulders.

"Almost."

"All right, I'm going to see how your mother is doing."

His son frowned, guilty.

"Just give it time, Danny," Pierre assured, patting his shoulder. Danny took a breath and nodded some more. "All right, go finish packing then."

In his bedroom, the brunet tried his hardest to concentrate on checking everything in his bags and boxes again. 'I'm doing the right thing, he reminded himself. I'm doing the best thing.'

Several minutes later, Roberto texted him to say he'd arrived. Danny went downstairs to open the door for Roberto, hugging him tightly. Then they began moving the copywriter's belongings out of his parents' house.

It took several trips to get his computer, his books, all his clothes, and every other daily essential and knick-knack into the mechanic's red Lancer; the trunk and backseat were filled to the brim. When they were all done, Danny made one last trip up to the master bedroom door. He knocked.

Pierre opened up, and Danny's eyes immediately darted to his mom, sitting on the bed, blotting her eyes with a ball of tissue. The sight made her son choke up.

"You ready, son?" his father asked.

Danny nodded and squeezed his eyes shut tightly. 

"Goodbye, dad. Goodbye, mom."

As his father embraced him one more time, Danny opened his eyes to steal a final look at his mother. She was looking right back at him, her eyes red, her expression stoic but flecked with fear and sadness.

That image haunted the brunet all the way back to Roberto's apartment. It would remain in the back of his mind for much longer. 

His boyfriend knew very well what was going on inside his head, and quietly held Danny's hand on the drive back home.

When they arrived at the underground garage in Roberto's building, the last thing Danny wanted to do was to haul his belongings up to the apartment. 

As they got out of the red Mitsubishi Lancer, the mechanic suggested that Danny leave the nonessential stuff down in his basement storage locker. After dropping that off, they then carried everything else up to the apartment in a few trips.

As they moved the final boxes in the suddenly cramped apartment, Roberto said, "You can start unpacking tomorrow. There's no hurry." The two of them pushed Danny's belongings first into the den strewn with exercise equipment, then finished off the last of the bags by throwing them into the closet.

"We gotta get some racks or shelves for all your fancy clothes," Roberto exclaimed, realizing how much space Danny's stuff took up.

Danny loved it every time Roberto said "we". "Don't worry; I inherited my mom's space-saving skills," he assured. "You'll barely notice my things are here after I'm done," he said with a smile.

Roberto tousled Danny's hair. " I'll notice the extra mouth eating all the food...and the extra pair of ass cheeks just waiting to be taken," he quipped, giving his boy's bum a loud smack.

The brunet jumped and squealed.

"Help me make dinner," the mechanic requested, wrapping his arm around Danny's waist.

After cooking up a chicken quinoa salad and finishing it quickly, the couple cleaned up and headed to bed. Both of them were silently wondering if they would have sex tonight. 

Danny thought Roberto would be too tired from the move to be in the mood. Meanwhile, the mechanic thought his boyfriend would still be too emotional to want some nookie.

Sliding underneath the covers, naked, Danny reached to hold Roberto's naked body, wrapping his arms around his beefy chest. He rested his head on the mechanic's shoulder and sighed contentedly. In response, Roberto draped Danny's leg across his waist and traced soft circles on his buttocks.

Just feeling Roberto's arms around him, his warmth, the protective strength of his hard body, was enough for Danny. For now.

"Thank you," he said, hugging his man's arms.

"For what?"

"For asking me to live with you. And..." he turned his head, "Just for everything." 

Danny felt so loved, so grateful that they were now living together. He felt alive as he embarked on the next stage of life's journey with his love.

The lovers kissed, gentle smooches to show their affection. Roberto snuggled his head deep in the nape of Danny's neck.

"You're welcome, baby."

Gradually, the rise and fall of the mechanic's relaxed body, and the soft rumble of his snores, they began to whisk Danny away to sleep. He smiled and wondered how his man always fell asleep so quickly.

Several peaceful hours later, a full bladder woke Danny. 

The sun was already up; he paused, then reminded himself that it was Saturday. Carefully, he moved Roberto's embracing arm from his naked waist and strided quickly to the bathroom.

After he was done peeing, he was eager to dive back into the warm bed, where his sleeping mechanic slept sprawled out, arms opened wide, with that gloriously built, hairy chest on full display.

The rumpled blanket bared Roberto's thigh and erection, a delicious, oversized prick that was begging to be sucked. Danny could never say no to that slightly bent nine-incher. He wasn't about to this time.

So he slid onto the bed like a predator, his arms and legs gliding over the sheets slinkily. Eyes locked on the prize, Danny licked his lips at the shaft of flesh. His lover's cock had already given him countless cries of pleasure; there were surely countless more to come.

Around the penis, an expansive stretch of pubic hair flourished, curly and unruly. It ran down the insides of Roberto's thick, toned thighs and spread up his pelvis, camouflaging the veins, until the fur narrowed into the treasure trail that Danny loved to fondle and suck.

Resting his head sideways on his mechanic's ripped stomach, Danny grinned and wondered how different his stud would look if they did a top-to-bottom Nair session on him. As he cast his eyes all over this stunning specimen of virile man, the slim brunet thought that Roberto would look like a fitness model. 

Danny softly fondled his lover's hard member, reaching to administer some loving touches to his hairy, droopy sacs.

The hairless fantasy continued in his head. He imagined a photo shoot with a professional photographer. Roberto would feel awkward in the studio; he didn't really like how he looked in pictures. Danny gave him that one; he thought Roberto's captured images didn't hold a candle to how devastatingly sexy the mechanic was in real life.

The younger man quietly giggled when he imagined the photographer barking orders to Roberto: "Flex! Look at the camera! Look at me like you want to make love! YES!! Keep flexing and bend your waist...HOLD IT!! DON'T MOVE."

Danny couldn't wait anymore. He took that monster dick in his mouth hungrily.

What would Roberto wear? Of course, the mechanic stud looked best naked, but if they were shooting a calendar, let's say, wouldn't he look cute dressed up as a firefighter? As a cowboy, with a lasso and assless chaps? Or maybe as a topless welder, with the helmet flipped back and grease all over?

As Danny licked under and over the shaft, then sucked hard around the crown, he decided Roberto would look his best in just a pair of red Speedos...ooh, or jockstraps!

Or...or, just in his mechanic coveralls, black oil stains and all, with the zipper pulled down to offer a tantalizing glimpse of his eight-pack and furry, veiny groin.

Danny was hard now. He opened his jaw wide and deep throated his dream lover.

The skillful suction drew a deep breath from Roberto. His big, rough paws found Danny's peachy bum and began kneading them.

"Morning baby..."

"Muhnuh..." Danny mumbled, not wanting to take his firmly-sucking lips off the cock.

"Eager beaver this morning, huh?" Roberto remarked, reaching for the lube on the nightstand.

Danny released his favourite plaything and looked at Roberto with mischief.

"We didn't, last night."

"You didn't get your dose of cum?" Roberto teased.

"Berto!"

"It's okay. I'm ready to feed my cum slut now," he winked.

Danny blushed and slapped Roberto's thigh, but then eagerly went back to fellating the mechanic. "Guu..." Danny replied with the nine-incher stuffed in his mouth.

As the younger man took his time to enjoy the sweet dick, Roberto slipped in two lubricated fingers into his favourite playground: Danny's hot, tight hole, the hole he deflowered, the hole that was his and only his to fuck and cum in. His boy yelped in surprise as his digits pushed past his sphincter and zoomed straight for the prostate.

The both moaned lustfully during the foreplay, calling on each other to fulfill their all-consuming need. Danny took all the cock he could handle down his gullet, gagging a few times but pressing on, while Roberto continued pumping his fingers into his lover's rectum, the friction drawing wet squelches from the relaxing canal. He also used his other hand to stroke Danny's five-incher, twisting his wrist and circling his fingers to get his boy turned on and opened up quickly.

Time slipped by uncounted, the lovers singlemindedly indulging in bodily gratification. Although the mechanic loved the view of his digits penetrating Danny's squeezing anus, and he loved having his dick attended to by his love, he wanted even more to stick it in and fuck away.

"C'mon baby, you're ready now," Roberto finally said, taking his slicked fingers out of Danny's rectum and giving the perfectly perky globes a good slap. Danny whined, gave one last hard suck, then popped the massive prick out of his mouth and turned around to face his man.

"Wanna ride me, baby?" Roberto asked with a grin.

"Um hmm," his younger lover nodded.

Danny got on his feet and straddled the mechanic stud's horizontal body. Reaching back, he found the steel-hard shaft and pointed it up to his rosebud. Then, locking eyes with his lover, he squatted down on it.

They both cried out in pleasure at the tight, aching sensation. The brunet wanted to impale all nine inches up his ass, right away, but he took a breath and knew he had to be careful with Roberto's endowment. So he waited a moment, planting soft kisses on Roberto's waiting lips. 

"Fuck, you feel so amazing," the older man moaned in between the sloppy dueling of their tongues. He gazed longingly at Danny with hooded eyes.

The young bottom bit his lower lip and sat down further, taking more cock up his tight little hole.

"Oh! That's it, Danny! Fuck yeah..."

Roberto closed his eyes, leaned back and threw his powerful arms above his head.

The sight of the mechanic's densely tufted armpits drove Danny to slide his outstretched hands up the mechanic's impossibly muscled torso. He relished the texture of every corded ridge, his man from head to toe an exquisite model of highly-disciplined brawn. Taking in Roberto's statuesque physique while also taking in his oversized prick, the brunet bottom mewled seductively.

"Yeah, baby, use my body..." the horny stud encouraged, as a gripping, aching warmth enveloped his pulsating cock. 

"Take that cock...that's right..." 

"Ohh!" Danny groaned, "I think you're all the way in..."

Reflexively, Roberto thrusted his pelvis up and found that he was indeed buried inside of Danny up to the hilt.

"Fuck yeah," he replied, reaching up to play with his lover's nipples. 

The copywriter leaned forward, hands bracing the headboard, and began to ride Roberto's dick. As they moaned and cursed with every squat and push, the bed bounced up and down, complaining with little squeaks.

Thrusting that monster prick all the way up his rectum, Danny fucked his mechanic stud harder and harder. The squats slapped his peachy bum loudly against Roberto's thighs.

"Aw yeah, baby, YEAH! You like that dick huh?!" the mechanic growled, eyes burning as they stayed locked on his lover's pupils. "You like taking that dick hard and fast??"

Danny held their breathless gaze amidst the frenzied rocking. And then he felt his lover's paws gripping his buttocks.

"Ye...y-YES! Oh Berto!!"

Roberto couldn't help but start to take control. He grabbed Danny's bouncing buttocks and thrusted himself up into his lover; Danny screamed, threw his head back, and held on tightly. The bumpy jaunt rocked the younger man's entire body, breaking his loud hollering into coarse, agitated shouts.

"Fuck me back, baby, c'mon!!" Roberto urged, giving Danny his all. His boy pushed his ass back onto the pistoning prick, matching the mechanic's thrusts, and screeched at the searing assault that ravaged his anal canal.

"BERTO! OH GOD!!"

The bed frame began to bump against the wall, a dull thud with every passionate fuck. 

With a massive prick drilling up his asshole nonstop, hitting then rubbing against his prostate every time, Danny soon felt an aching pressure build in his groin.

"BERTO, I'm gonna cum...I'm gonna!"

His man stopped. "No no! Not yet..." he breathed, grabbing Danny's body and flipping him back down on the bed. Then, he carefully lifted his lover's lower body and stood up into a wide squatting stance, until he was in position to piledrive Danny into screaming submission.

"Pillow for your neck, baby," he offered with a grin, reaching back to grab one and hand it to Danny. As his panting bottom adjusted it to cushion his inverted body, Roberto held onto the back of Danny's thighs, ready to give him some rough love.

"Berto?" Danny asked, looking up at Roberto with earnest eyes.

"Hmm?"

"Be gentle," he requested.

"Too late for that," the mechanic replied matter-of-factly.

Danny squealed in response, wanting to slap Roberto but helpless in his upside-down, all-open posture. "DON'T!!"

"That means yes, right?" Roberto continued, licking his lips. As his bottom boy yelped again, he rubbed Danny's airborne thighs. 

"Don't worry, baby. I know what I'm doing."

"You better cum all over my face," Danny retorted.

His man chuckled. "Oh, you're gonna get it all over your face, and your chest..." Roberto started fucking mid-sentence. "...and your stomach, and your cock..." His boy's quivering canal felt so good. "And your little hole too..."

Danny started moaning, the force of his lover's thrusts pressing down on his flipped-over figure. The position left his hole completely open, and he relished the feeling of being dominated by the love of his life.

"I'm gonna get you good, oh yeah..." the mechanic stud growled, widening his stance to get at a better dicking angle. The deeper penetration took Danny by thrilling surprise. 

"YES! Take me Berto!!"

Roberto loved watching his throbbing prick slide in and out of Danny's loosened asshole. The sharp angle of penetration also put toe-curling pressure on his glans. He fucked on and on tirelessly, while below, Danny bit his fingers, thrashed his head to the side, and called the mechanic's name like a cheap whore.

Bumping his groin against Danny's, the mechanic stud held on tight to the back of his lover's thighs and kept eye contact during the rocking intercourse, watching the bottom's face twist and stretch in torturous rapture. 

"Oh GOD don't stop!"

The pleasure-filled minutes ticked by with heated thrusts and grunts. Danny took in the sight of Roberto's body through his topsy-turvy vision. He loved watching the triceps activate, the pectorals flex, and the hairy, rippling abs drip sweat down onto his own smooth, exposed figure. 

With each piledriving slam, Danny surrendered himself again and again to satiate Roberto.

"FUCK ME!! Take my ass, Berto!" The building pressure in his groin threatened to spill over.

"You ready for my cum, baby?!" the mechanic demanded loudly, breathing hard, soaked with perspiration from the nonstop anal plumbing.

"Omigod YES cum all over me! YES I WANT IT!!" Danny hollered wantonly, about to go over the edge himself.

"Here it...UHH!!"

They came together. Roberto fired off the first of his shots in Danny's milking hole. He whipped out his massive cock from the clenching orifice quickly as the brunet's ejaculation exploded. The two cocks pelted crisscrossing, milky trails all over Danny's stomach and chest. Then the mechanic aimed his third spray at Danny's gasping face, dousing his fair features with his salty nectar.

With his eyes closed, the brunet bottom acutely felt each load of fresh hot semen raining on his body and face. He wailed through his intense orgasm, convulsing on the messy bed as he shot creamy geysers onto his flat hairless tummy.

Finally, when the last drops of their copious semen flew from their piss slits, Roberto stuffed his still-oozing glans into Danny's mouth and held on.

The electric shock he experienced as his lover worked on his depleting dick almost toppled him over. Danny quickly grabbed Roberto's buttocks and stabilized him, while staying busy with sucking and swallowing the remaining cum from his hypersensitive cockhead.

"FUCK!! Uhh!!" Roberto hissed.

He endured the sweet torture, because he knew Danny absolutely lived for cleaning cock.

A grueling minute later, below Roberto's exhausted, crouched-over body, the drenched young man released his lover's genitals and took a breath.

"Is it too much?" Danny asked, looking up at Roberto with a dribbling facial.

The muscular top grimaced with closed eyes, his panting breaths levelling out. "No baby...play with it all you want."

Danny smiled and wrapped his mouth back around the softening cock with delight. He gave it long, hard sucks, from the base all the way up to the tip, inducing ab-tightening shudders and guttural cries from his man. They only compelled the brunet to keep sucking.
