 © 2014 ChicosTodos. All rights reserved. No part of this story may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without the written permission of the Author.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

If you are a minor, or if it is illegal for you to read material containing sexual activity between male adults, please refrain from reading any further.

-----

NOTE: this story is the sequel to "Roberto the Mechanic Stud".

-----

It was Friday, one week before Christmas. 

Simon was swamped with work at the Queeries office. The back catalogue database was recently updated, and at the beginning of the week, his boss Luke asked him if he was up for working overtime to check and sign off on all entries before the holidays. Simon readily agreed.

It had also been a week since that surreal and ultimately heartbreaking incident at Jae's birthday party. The scene with the birthday boy and Tyler coming on to him, naked, replayed incessantly every night as Simon tried to fall asleep. What could've been a very arousing scenario was instead a disappointing shock. He felt misled, as if the bond he felt with Jae was fake...but at the same time, he knew he himself was also responsible for the consequences. He willfully led himself down a painful path, so he had no one else to blame when he fell down and hurt himself.

For his part, Jae was trying to make things right. He called and texted every other day, asking first for forgiveness, then any kind of communication -- face-to-face, phone, even text -- that Simon was willing to partake. But the damage was still too raw, and the musician honestly thought he would probably fall into the same trap again should he acquiesce and talk to Jae, so he never responded back. The athletic Asian was still the same sexy, positive, friendly, funny guy; Simon was sure he would develop feelings for him in a heartbeat if they started hanging out again.

He didn't want to cut Jae out of his life, but at this stage, when he couldn't trust himself to be strong and sober enough to just be friends with the Korean hunk, burning the bridge might be the safest, most logical thing to do.

In the office, Simon was working hard, working hard to block Jae out of his mind. He didn't even notice he'd been at work for eleven hours until he felt a chill and sneezed, then paused and looked at the clock on his computer. He knew the coworkers in his row of desks had gone home hours ago; as he stood up and stretched, he realized the office was empty.

Empty except for Luke's office, where the lights were still on. Simon saved his work, then put his computer to sleep.

"Luke, I'm gonna head home. I'll come in around eleven tomorrow," he said through the editor-in-chief's door. Though the next day was Saturday, he had to go into work since the deadline was fast approaching, and he kept running into unexpected issues that took up extra time.

Luke's door opened as he walked away.

"Can't wait to get home, huh?" his boss asked, putting on his coat.

"It's been a long day," Simon replied, nodding. "I'm sure I can get everything done on schedule though."

"I have absolute faith that you will. And, thank you for staying late, again," the husky, impeccably-groomed, and always charismatic editor-in-chief said, shutting off the lights in his office.

"No problem."

"So, are you really going home, or are you going to see your boyfriend?" Luke asked slyly.

Simon's eyes bulged. "Uhh..."

Luke waited patiently for his response.

Simon shuffled awkwardly. "I don't have a boyfriend."

"Oh," Luke remarked with a glance as they began walking out of the office. "Well, all that texting you've been doing lately must've been for someone else."

At this remark, Simon held his breath but kept walking, looking straight ahead.

"I'm so sorry, Luke, I..."

Luke chuckled. "I'm not reprimanding you. I know you're a hard worker, don't worry," he affirmed, patting Simon's shoulder. "I've just noticed you've been coming in with these slick, fitted ensembles, and I thought you finally found someone worth your time."

It was too late: Simon was full-on blushing at this point.

"I'm so embarrassed..." he muttered.

"Of what?" the editor-in-chief questioned as they headed downstairs to the street. "You're smart, dedicated, and attractive. Own it."

"Thanks," Simon responded shyly.

When they walked out onto the busy gay village sidewalk, Simon turned around and said goodbye to his boss.

"Come have a drink with me," Luke offered.

Simon looked at the debonair bear. "I shouldn't," he said.

"Why not?"

"I should go to bed."

"Are you really going to sleep, though?" the editor-in-chief asked with a glint in his piercing eyes. Simon was caught. 

"...well, I think I need some time alone," he elaborated.

"You'll feel better if you talk with someone about it. And I'm a damn good listener. C'mon," Luke insisted.

Once again, the magnetic gentleman was softening up Simon with his persuasion. He stood still, uncertain how he was about to spend his night.

"Are you seriously going to turn down free drinks?" Luke asked with a tilt of his head.

"No funny business?" Simon blurted out.

"No funny business. Just free drinks and the best advice of your life."

They went to Glory Bar, which was popular for hosting alternative gay events, from leather-themed parties, bear nights, to live sex shows. Simon noticed that Luke seemed to know everybody who worked there, and assumed he came often. Of course, being one of the most visible queer faces in the city, Luke seemed to know everyone everywhere anyway.

Once they sat down with their first round of drinks, the editor-in-chief got Simon to spill on what was bothering him. The black musician started with Jae's hotel party, then gradually revealed all the layers of their relationship.

When Simon finished his story, he gulped down his drink. Luke was silent and in thought for a moment.

"Wanna hear what I think?" he then asked.

Simon nodded.

"Take back the power. Make him want you back."

The musician liked the sound of that, but he wasn't sure how to go about it.

"Show him that you know you're hot and you can do better than him. This isn't the end of the story, and you absolutely have the opportunity to come out on top."

"Okay..." Simon still didn't know what he was supposed to do.

His boss took out his phone. "Here, let's take a picture. We're gonna post it on your Facebook wall."

Luke sat down beside Simon and circled his arm around the singer's shoulders. Holding up his phone at the classic selfie angle, he took a few snaps, all of them suggesting a very close bond between him and Simon.

"Which one's your favourite?" Luke asked the musician while flipping through the shots. Simon shrugged, so his boss picked one and promptly posted it on Simon's Facebook wall, with the caption "Fabulous night with the smart and sexy Simon at Glory Bar...waiting for the show to start ;)"

"What show?" Simon asked as he logged into his account on his phone and liked the photo.

He didn't have to wait long for the answer. The stage at the back of the busy bar lit up, and a round of cheers erupted. A commanding drag queen, sporting a massive crimson updo and an electric blue spandex bodysuit, sauntered onto the stage.

"Welcome to Freaky Fridays at Glory Baaaaaar!!"

"C'mon," Luke said, motioning for Simon to follow him towards the action.

"My name is Electric Blew, and just like every Friday, I'll be your MC with the motherfuckin' most! Now..." The drag queen paused and surveyed the crowd. "I know why you're all here tonight. Which one of you perverts is excited to see Benjamin Bonn?!"

More hollering. Simon looked at Luke in surprise; Benjamin Bonn was one of the top gay pornstars of the moment.

"Benjamin Bonn is here tonight??"

"Not just here," Luke replied with a wink. "He's performing."

"Performing..."

Simon had never seen a live sex show before. It looked like his Friday night just got a lot more exciting.

Electric Blew got the crowd going with several jokes and birthday shoutouts, then lip-synced a Katy Perry number. Everyone was sufficiently amped up for the x-rated performance to start; the atmosphere was charged with anticipation.

Minutes later, the lights went down and a Britney track blasted from the loudspeakers. People started screaming and clapping their hands to the beat. At the moment when Britney starts singing, the spotlight came on and there was Benjamin Bonn, wearing a leather half-mask, shackles with broken chains, and a black loincloth. He started performing high-energy choreography amidst the cheering, while two male dancers in similar outfits flanked him.

"He can dance," Simon remarked to Luke. Benjamin's impeccable physique, all lean and ridged with muscle, was easy to admire. So was his rugged face: he looked like he walked in straight from the Eastern European countryside.

"He's trying to break into music," the editor-in-chief replied with an eye roll.

At the final dance break of the song, all three men on stage were breaking a sweat with rapid movement, sinewy limbs glistening under bright lights. With one final authoritative pose, the song and performance ended with a bang, and the three performers soaked up the ensuing applause.

As was the case with most singers Simon had met, Benjamin was shorter in real life then he seemed onscreen. He had a confident allure to him, that kind of cocky attitude he knew he could get away with because he was hot. Simon also noticed that the pornstar would adjust his posture from time to time to appear more macho and laid-back.

"All right, who do I have to fuck to get a drink?" he taunted, earning "ME!!" and chuckles from the audience. At this point, security personnel appeared and stood by the corners of the stage. Meanwhile, the two backing dancers stayed on stage, but stood noticeably behind Benjamin. Simon looked closer at one of them, the tall, rough-looking Latino, and recognized him as another pornstar, Angelo Torres. The third man was young, a fresh-faced boy who looked barely legal. His stance was stiff, while a wide grin stretched across his pretty face.

After Benjamin threw back a glass, he waved to his soon-to-be-costars. "Everyone give it up for Angelo Torres and Eddy Payne!" As the audience whooped and hollered, the lead star continued, "If you haven't seen Angelo in action, you're gonna love what you see under that little piece of cloth." He walked up to the musclebound Latino and jigged his covered junk.

"And this yummy little boy here, Eddy Payne, he's fresh and ready to be fucked! Now, I gotta tell you, ladies and..." He looked around the crowd. "Excuse me, we're clearly all fags here..." 

Laughter bubbled up from the audience. "Gentlemen, bears, daddies, top, doms, anyone and everyone who appreciates a fine bubble butt such as this..."

Benjamin tapped Eddy's butt, which prompted an anxious stare from the boy. The lead star's eyes stayed locked on Eddy, and he grabbed the young man's waist, forcibly turning him around until his backside faced the audience.

"Look at that!" Benjamin exclaimed, then landed a loud smack on Eddy's meaty and surprisingly fuzzy buttocks to a raucous reaction. "This ass right here, waiting to be filled with cum..." The crowd went crazy. "This piece of cute ass has never taken a cock live on stage before," Benjamin remarked, looking at the bar crowd with an amused wink. "So, I want you to tell him what to do with that fresh boy pussy!"

And the crowd did. "Beg for Benjamin's cock!" "Scream like a pig bottom!" "Creampie!" "DAP creampie!!"

"You're all sick perverted faggots!!" Benjamin exclaimed, then whistled.

Club beats filled the bar again. Benjamin handed the mic over to a security guard, then nodded to Angelo. The two experienced pornstars sandwiched Eddy in the middle and began kissing and licking him all over, sucking on the young man's neck, biting on his nipples. The crowd hushed and watched intently.

Suddenly Benjamin grabbed Eddy's jaw and spat into the boy's open mouth. He then quickly reached down to the newbie's waist and ripped off his loincloth. The crowd roared.

Angelo reached for Eddy's limp dick and began jacking it off, while Benjamin continued making out with the fresh-faced performer. A moment later, the lead star again nodded to his Latino stage partner, who faced the audience with hands on his hips.

In a flash, Angelo whipped off his loincloth and displayed his awe-inspiring manhood. Even soft, it was already six inches, and thicker than a single handful. As everyone shouted their appreciation, Simon's eyes turned to Eddy, who was pushed onto his knees by Benjamin.

With a roguish grin, Angelo turned to the newbie kneeling beside him and licked his lips. His hands smoothed over Eddy's short, curly blond hair. The young man looked up at Angelo; the Latino pornstar winked back and patted his head.

Eddy closed his eyes and took Angelo's dick. In that instant, the newbie performer seemed to come alive; he enthusiastically took the monster cock all the way to the hilt and held himself there for what seemed like an eternity. Finally his head jerked back and he coughed, strings of gooey spit dripping from the semi-hard Brazilian shaft.

It wasn't long before Eddy attacked the oversized member again, pumping his head back and forth with youthful verve, breaking up his energetic blowjob with hungry licks all around Angelo's shaft and clean-shaven balls. All around, heads leaned in to get a better look at the action.

Simon could see why a porn studio would invest in Eddy's angelic beauty and devilish sex drive. He was so taken by the newbie's performance that he didn't even notice Benjamin had already gotten naked, until the lead star tapped on Eddy's shoulders, Without stopping his blowjob, Eddy braced his hands on Angelo's trunk-like thighs and lifted up his thick, hairy ass, pointing it back to Benjamin's long, cut prick.

The lead pornstar flexed his biceps and blew a kiss into the audience. Then he slammed his erect member all the way into Eddy's asshole.

The newcomer grunted, his face turning away from the public, his hand still jerking away on Angelo's intimidating boner. Benjamin then began the athletic sport-fucking that, along with his fitness-model looks, earned him thousands of fans around the world. Every quick thrust slapped against Eddy's ass with a clear smack. In the crowd, hands began snaking down to clothed crotches.

Angelo cupped Eddy's frowning face in his big hands and gently kissed the newbie's lips. He then whispered into Eddy's ear; the latter seemed to nod, then move back down to Angelo's groin, his bending down slowed by Benjamin's pistoning. By now, the Latino stud's cock was fully hard, easily over ten inches, and so thick that Eddy had difficulty taking much past the cockhead into his mouth.

They fucked in this spit-roasting position until the instrumental house track segued into another sequence of anonymous beats, which seemed to be the cue to change their setup. Benjamin pulled his cock out of Eddy's asshole. He snapped his fingers at someone to the side of the stage, who brought up a chair. Sitting down, the main star of the show then opened his legs up in a wide spread-eagle position, exposing his shaved rosebud to the audience. From behind, Angelo came up with his massive dong and dangled it right beside Benjamin's mouth; the gorgeous pornstar immediately seized in in his mouth and sucked away.

Meanwhile, Eddy crawled on all fours to Benjamin's ass and started tonguing the opening.

Simon turned away from the hardcore action to see if Luke was enjoying the show. He saw his boss busily texting away.

"Turning you on?" Luke asked when he looked up, nodding his chin at the stage.

"It's...professional."

At this, Luke burst out laughing.

"Oh Simon, promise me you'll never change."

The black singer smiled and turned his attention back to the sex show. All of a sudden, he felt hands circle his waist.

"Y'know that picture we just took?" Luke whispered in Simon's ear. "Well, my boyfriend thinks you're very attractive."

The slim bear's hands wrapped around Simon's burgeoning erection through his trousers, gave a soft squeeze, then let go.

The night had officially entered into 'funny business' territory. Still, Simon was too turned on to turn back. He was too captivated by the beautiful bodies and power dynamics onstage to even entertain leaving the venue. And also, in the back of his mind, he considered what Luke might suggest after the show was done.

The trio onstage were changing positions again. Benjamin pushed Eddy's head away from his ass and got down from the chair, then kneeled on the stage. He lifted the newcomer's body into his lap, impaling his dick into Eddy's hole effortlessly. The fresh-faced bottom then leaned back until his head was in Angelo's kneeling lap, where the Brazilian performer fed him his oversized prick.

Eddy rubbed his own forgotten dick as the threesome continued, a chain of sweaty, rippling bodies rocking in rehearsed motions. Benjamin looked to the crowd, pulled out a silly expression, and stuck out his tongue in the midst of his tireless fucking, earning yet another bout of adulation.

Although Benjamin was supposed to be the main attraction, and there was no denying his physical beauty, Simon found his eyes repeatedly being drawn back to Eddy. He was mostly expressionless at this point, and the energy he displayed at the start of the performance had dwindled to flat, detached procedure. In stark contrast to the oral and anal sex that was happening to him, Eddy struck Simon as weary and tediously bearing it; he was probably counting down to the end in his head. The black singer realized then that porn was just a job like any other, and the spectacle took on a sobering undertone.

Not long after, Eddy got his wish. The two tops dislodged their cocks from Eddy's orifices, then stood up and began furiously jacking off. Sweat beaded on both of their foreheads; the veins in their necks visibly strained from the effort to cum on cue. Loud cheering rung from the crowd again.

Below the two pornstars, on his knees, Eddy closed his eyes and his mouth.

Angelo was the first to step forward and ejaculate. His milky cum oozed out and dripped onto Eddy's chin, while the Latino rubbed the oversized cock back and forth over the newbie's shut lips. The clapping audience broke out in deafening whistles and hollers.

Soon, Angelo tried to push his sticky dick against Eddy's lips and part them; the kneeling blond turned his face away and circled his hand around the shaft, stroking his costar off.

On the other side, Benjamin was ready. He grabbed Eddy's jaw, turned the kneeling bottom's face towards his groin, and forced the newcomer's mouth open. Then, with a wild jerk back of his head, the main star unloaded streams of slimy semen onto Eddy's tongue. The audience lost their minds and flooded the bar with roaring noise.

When Benjamin's cumshots slowed down, he shoved his prick all the way into the young man's mouth and held the back of his head in place. Seconds later, Eddy broke free of Benjamin's restraint and spat out his cock with a frown, along with a big mouthful of cum. The main star then lifted Eddy's body up and gave his ass one more slap.

As the pornstar trio formed a line onstage and lifted up their arms in unison, the applause from the audience intensified. Shouts of "Encore!" and "Fuck me, Benjamin!" broke out. All three stars bowed, then walked offstage towards a guarded back room.
