 Hayden sat in the doctors' waiting room with his limp arm hanging by his side. He was 21 years old and had just returned to baseball after a break due to injury. The knee reconstruction meant that he didn't have the centre fielder's legs that he had when he was 17 but this new coach had thrown him on the mound at training and Hayden had impressed enough to get a start for the last three weeks. Three wins from three starts was a great stat to begin his pitching career with. But the pain the next day was terrible. Although it was only amateur sport he worked hard pitching on Sunday and by the time he'd recovered it was training night on Thursday. If he wasn't in pain, then his arm hung limp and useless. 

He looked around the waiting room. His usual doctor was closed for the summer so Hayden had been forced to come to one of those first-come-first-served places. The ones where you just take a number and see whichever doc is available next. He had seen four different physicians come out and collect patients. Two young male doctors, one male who was probably in his 50s and a female doctor most likely getting close to 60. He sincerely hoped that he scored one of the young male doctors. He wasn't keen on explaining to the old woman the real reason he'd finally taken the plunge and come to seek medical advice. 

It had happened last night, he'd come home from a long and stressful day at work and just wanted to relax. He had sat on the couch and dropped his pants, opened up his laptop and found his favourite online video website. His cock had responded straight away, it had been neglected for the previous couple of days. He had begun stroking slowly, enjoying the relaxation of his time alone. As his hand sped up and he neared climax a sharp, stabbing pain halted his pleasure instantly. The ache that followed forced his arm to fall limp beside him on the couch and his throbbing erection to diminish quickly. He lay still on the couch until the pain subsided. Knowing he wasn't going to be able to complete his orgasm that night he had gone to bed, aching and disappointed. 

His sleep had been interrupted throughout the night, both by the return of the stabbing in his elbow and by his demanding cock stabbing into the mattress. At one point he had attempted to relieve himself with his left hand, but after 20 minutes of frustrating, pointless thrashing he gave up, sent a message to his boss that he'd be taking the day off, found a sleeping pill and knocked himself out. 

Now he sat in the half full waiting room in the middle of the day, a horrendous talk show muted on the wall-mounted TV. He looked around the room and appraised his fellow sickies. There was the expected mix of people you'd expect in this kind of doctor's office. Sitting across from him was a mother with her young son who kept giving him the evil eye. An old man with a cane sat in the same row, his hacking cough grating on Hayden every couple of minutes. The usual combination of awkwardness and aversion made Hayden feel even more uncomfortable than the pain his arm was sending through him. However, the most torturous moment of all was when his eyes landed on the blonde working behind the reception desk. She was in her early 20s and had the exact proportions Hayden enjoyed on a lady: just shorter than himself, nice round breasts, slim body and shapely hips.

Hayden had been working out pretty solidly since he hit puberty. Even through his recovery from knee surgery he had hit the gym four to five times a week. He was used to girls eyeing him appreciatively and he was used to having the confidence to act upon those appreciative glances. Now he sat there glancing at her young, pert breasts and receiving looks of pity as he sat there sapped of energy by his throbbing right arm. 

The pain in his arm clearly wasn't limiting blood flow to the rest of his body and the nice young view he faced had gotten the usual reaction from Hayden's neglected cock. Ever since he'd realised he couldn't jack off his dick was becoming hard at the slightest dirty thought. He adjusted himself subtly in his chair. Public erections were the only time Hayden lamented the ample size of his member. He diverted his attention back to the TV screen in an effort to reduce his dick back to acceptable public size. Just as it began its descent he heard a voice.

"Hayden Wallace?" the voice called. 

Hayden's eyes diverted from the screen towards the direction of the voice. He saw a male doctor, aged in his mid-30s holding a clipboard and scanning the room. Somewhat relieved he stood up and slowly followed the white coat down the hallway. 

The doctor ushered him in, "Hello Hayden I'm Doctor Wade. Please take a seat."

Hayden sat down, careful not to let his elbow bump the armrest. 

Hayden explained the type of pain he had been having and the cause of it. Doctor Wade had been a star tennis player in high school and explained how the actions and muscles used were very similar. 

"Has it affected your pitching on game day?" the Doctor asked.

"Not at all. Coach says I'm pitching as well as the first game," Hayden replied.

"Has it affected your work?"

"I'm lucky that my job isn't too physically strenuous."

"Well I guess the best thing I can do is suggest you rest it and minimise use in between games," the doctor printed out a sheet of paper. "Do these exercises and hopefully over the next month or so you should have significantly less pain. You're lucky it's not having a negative affect on your lifestyle."

Hayden let out a small sigh of disappointment.

"Is something else troubling you Hayden?" the doctor asked.

"Well, I was hoping for a little bit of a quicker fix, maybe some pain relief or something."

"A slow recovery will be a more complete recovery Hayden," the doctor insisted, "and if it's not affecting your work or lifestyle then that's the way to go."

Hayden was quiet.

"Or is there something else that you're concerned about?"

"Well..." he hesitated, "I'm concerned about not being able to jerk off."

"Ah, well that is a concern," the doctor leant back in his chair considering his next course of action. "How long has it been?" he finally asked.

Hayden shifted uncomfortably in his chair. Although this was the reason for his attendance he always felt awkward discussing personal matters with a doctor, especially one other than his own, "Um, I jacked Sunday before the game and it's Thursday now, attempted one last night but couldn't finish it." Hayden spoke quickly, getting it off his chest.

"Well that is a while, especially for someone as young as you," the doctor continued. "When I was your age I was doing it at least daily." 

Reassured now Hayden was more open now, "I usually jack every day and get the ladies involved three or four times a week."

Doctor Wade reached for his intercom, "Carly, would you come in here a moment please? And bring another box of gloves please."

Hayden tried to hide his surprise. Why was the doctor calling in the hot receptionist, just after he'd mentioned involving the ladies? Hayden had noticed the name badge and knew that those pert breasts he'd noticed in the waiting room belonged to Carly. Was this going to be like some kind of porno movie where he gets to fuck the receptionist? His dick responded to that thought instantly and he struggled to hide his boner in his pants as she opened the door.

"Here you go Doctor," she walked right in, leant over the desk and placed the gloves on his desk, giving Hayden a good view of her cleavage inside her tight uniform. She stood up straight, "Will there be anything else?"

"Yes. Please set up the bed over there."

She walked closely behind Hayden, whose blood had rushed equally to his face and his cock. He was now sitting uncomfortably, red-faced and hiding his throbbing 8" erection. Carly bent down to unfold the medical bed and now Hayden got a full view of her supple young ass. Damn the things he would do to that! His eyes wandered up and down her legs until the bed was set up. She turned around and Hayden quickly diverted his eyes so he wouldn't be caught perving. 

"All done Doc," she said pleasantly.

"Thanks Carly. That's all for now," the doctor smiled at Carly as she walked away, clearly doing some perving of his own. "Please sit up on the bed Hayden."

At first Hayden didn't react, the disappointment of the departure of those nice, round tits and long slender legs had shocked him. 

"Its OK Hayden. Don't be ashamed if you're erect. Have a seat up here," the doctor had moved to the bed and insisted.

Hayden stood slowly and reluctantly walked towards the bed. His cock very much led the way, all 8" pointing straight out, tenting his shorts.

"Good. I thought Carly would have that affect," the doctor seemed impressed. Hayden wasn't surprised, there had been plenty of guys in the locker room who'd noticed his endowment. 

"This ok?" Hayden asked tentatively, not knowing what to expect next.

"Definitely. Carly gets the same reaction from me. I always have to stay behind my desk when she comes in. Unfortunately I'm not as blessed as you," he gestured towards Hayden's bulge that refused to go down. 

"Its usually a blessing, but in cases like this almost a curse."

"I can imagine it's difficult to hide. Want to take those shorts off?"

"Really?" Hayden was concerned about the direction in which the doc was heading.

"Well it's really hard to help you solve your problem with your shorts on Hayden. I promise not to do anything you're uncomfortable with, but I have a few tips to assist you relieve some of that pressure."

Hayden slowly removed his shorts, leaving his boxer briefs on, a small dab of precum had wet the material and the tight fabric clearly showed the doctor a full view of what he was packing. 

"Um...we're going to need them off too Hayden," the doctor urged. "Don't worry, I don't plan on laying a hand on you. I'll just give the tips."

This relaxed Hayden and little bit and, seeing as he'd already seen it clearly outlined in his underwear, he didn't have any hesitation letting Doctor Wade see it in all its glory. 

"Impressive," the doc said, holding his hands behind his back. "I haven't seen one that well proportioned in a while." He turned around and grabbed the box of gloves, "Slip one of these on the hand you don't normally jerk off with."

Hayden did as instructed, the latex feeling strange on his left hand. The doctor moved over and locked the door. 

Doctor Wade returned to his desk and reach into a locked drawer at the bottom. He came back holding a short rubber tube unlike anything Hayden had seen before. 

"So I'm guessing you've tried jerking off left handed before Hayden?" the doctor asked as he approached with the tube and a large condom.

"I tried last night but it was just frustrating," Hayden replied, eyeing the tube. 

"Well, this should assist you in gaining results with that hand. It's a masturbation sleeve, have you ever seen one?"

Hayden laughed, "We caught a guy in high school with one and gave him shit about it for weeks."

"Well I think in your case it's going to come in handy. Get comfortable on the bed first."

Hayden removed his shirt and repositioned himself on the cold vinyl of the medical bed, lying back with his dick leaking and pointing straight at the ceiling. 

"So the first step, for our hygiene purposes, if for you to put this condom on. With your own you don't have to use one, but this is my demonstration one, need that clean."

Hayden took the condom from the doctor and slowly slid it down his shaft; shuddering at the pleasure even the slightest touch gave his hypersensitive dick.

The doctor took the liberty of squeezing the lubricant onto Hayden's swollen cock, "Give that a rub Hayden, grease it up nicely." 

Hayden did as instructed, enjoying the pleasure despite being so open and vulnerable in front of a strange doctor. 

"Now take the sleeve and slide inside it," although he was giving highly sexual instructions, the doctor was quite proper in his guidance of Hayden.

He shuddered as the sleeve slid over his head, but was disappointed that before too long his head poked out the other end. 

"How does that feel Hayden?"

"Excellent doc, but does it come in a bigger size?" Hayden asked sheepishly. Although he was proud of his endowment he definitely didn't want to seem arrogant about it. 

"They do but the idea is that your head slides through and the rubber can slide back and forth over it. I've found that gives the most pleasure. Give it a few pumps and see how you go."

Hayden, feeling more relaxed since the pleasure of the sleeve had taken over, started pumping slowly but surely. His breath sped up and he could feel himself moving closer to the edge. 

The doctor smiled as he could tell Hayden was close, "Slow it down there big boy."

Hayden held his hand still and looked at the doctor with embarrassment, "It's not normally that quick, it's just been a while."

"Don't worry about it Hayden. Completely understandable. I'm glad that is going to help you."

"It sure will doc, thanks," Hayden was still breathing heavily, his throbbing erection still rock hard in the sleeve. 

"So, head to the adult store and buy yourself one of those," the doctor began walking back towards his desk. "They aren't too expensive."

"So that's it?" Hayden was disappointed, for obvious reasons and propped himself up on the table to look at the doctor. 

"Oh! Would you like to finish here?" the doctor seemed surprised. "My patients are normally too embarrassed to do that."

"Well, I am kinda close," Hayden said, "and probably not going down anytime soon."

"Um ok then. This has only happened once before Hayden and that time I offered the patient a special payment deal for the session."

"Oh really?" Hayden was slightly concerned. On the one hand this could lead to an interaction with the doctor that he didn't think he was comfortable with. But on the other hand, on his limited income, if he could reduce his doctor's fees and not have to mess around with insurance that would definitely help him out. 

"Well you have three options. One is that I leave the room and let you finish. That will incur the normal consultation fee. The second is that Carly returns and finishes the job for you."

Hayden's eyes widened at the thought of the young, endowed receptionist taking care of his member.

"That will be three times the usual consultation fee," the doctor added.

Hayden's heart dropped. He could never afford that huge cost.

"Option three is that I complete the work. If you let me do that I'll waive all fees of today's session."

Hayden pondered the options. Carly was right out, he definitely didn't have the funds for that. Having the doc do it? Wasn't that a little gay? If it was his dick didn't seem to be bothered by it. Another drop of precum had just landed on his smooth abs.  

The doctor stood up from his chair and walked towards Hayden, "So what's your decision Hayden? I have other patients to see." The doctor ended up next to the medical bed, in line with Hayden's still drooling penis. 

"No fee? Just a hand job?" Hayden asked tentatively.

The doctor smiled, "No fee. Just my hand, the sleeve and your nice thick, young cock."

"I guess that's my choice then," Hayden sighed. What had he agreed to? He lay back and closed his eyes. 

Hayden didn't see the grin on the doctor's face, nor the increasing bulge in his pants. He just felt the firm grip of a stranger's hand on his dick, the first in a while, and certainly the firmest. He relaxed as the pleasure took over and could feel his orgasm beginning its approach again. 

"Is that ok?" Doctor Wade asked. 

"Yeh," Hayden said with conviction. Although the male voice sort of interrupted his pleasure there was no denying that he was enjoying the treatment the doctor was giving him. "If you go a little faster it's going to get pretty messy." 

The doctor laughed and, taking the hint, sped his pace up slightly. 

Hayden could feel the doctor's grip tighten at the same time that his cock swelled ever further.

Hayden's breathing increased and he knew he was close. He tried to keep quiet, worried that people would be suspicious if they heard moans of pleasure from a doctor's consulting room. 

He felt the doctor's breath beside his ear, "Want another tip?" he whispered. 

Hayden nodded without even thinking about what else this strange man might do to him. Before he could feel any apprehension he felt a warm, gloved hand slide over his smooth, swollen balls. He flinched slightly before the sensation sent a shiver up his spine and his cock sent some more precum into the already slippery sleeve that was working him so well. 

Just as he was relaxing and becoming accustomed to the strong hand on his balls he felt it slide further down. Hayden had a feeling he knew what was coming next and his body tightened in anxiety and anticipation.

While continuing to work his cock with the sleeve, the doctor gently caressed Hayden's inner thigh, helping him to relax and allow his hand to slide towards his ultimate goal. 

Wade's rubbing had the desired effect and Hayden's legs parted slightly. Hayden, becoming more and more consumed with pleasure allowed the doctor to snake a finger between his cheeks, curious to see how this would affect him. His body tensed just as he knew the doc was getting close to his most personal area but as his gentle, gloved finger flicked the edge of his manhole he couldn't help but shudder and let out a deep moan. Although he had been hesitant, he couldn't deny the pleasure he felt. 

The doctor was now working Hayden over with two expert hands, one sliding the slippery sleeve up and down his thick, throbbing cock, the other gently guiding itself around his sphincter. He could sense that the pleasure was consuming his young patient and knew that he was very close to gaining his complete trust.

As Hayden relaxed he began to realise how pleasurable that finger was. He embraced the pleasure, relaxed his hole and could feel his orgasm fast approaching. His breath sped up and his legs tensed, but he made sure that the doc still had access to his newly found pleasure spot. He left the finger start to move with more purpose, hinting at finding its way inside. Hayden relaxed his legs again, knowing the doc would give him nothing but pleasure and keen to find out exactly what pleasure he would find in there. He opened his legs, hinting to the doc that he was ready to be penetrated. 

The doc continued to jerk Hayden's dick with the sleeve, changing his speed to keep Hayden right on the edge. His finger moved away to retrieve some lube from Hayden's slippery cock but quickly returned to the area between his legs. 

Hayden breathed deeply, he'd never been held on the edge for so long or so well and he wanted it to last until the doctor had given him his final 'tip' of the consultation. He felt the warmed up lube return to his sphincter, he didn't know what to expect but knew it was going to send him right over the edge. 

A thought suddenly popped into Hayden's head. Where should I blow my load? Am I going to get into trouble for making a mess?

As if reading his mind, the doctor picked up the pace with the sleeve and Hayden took the encouraging hint. 

He lay back and relaxed; no longer worried about the mess he was about to create. The new speed at which he was being jerked had taken him right back up to the edge and the twirling, insistent finger of the doctor had him tingling all over. The pleasure was becoming so intense he could hardly stand it but at the same time he didn't want it to end. 

The doctor stood over the bed with a firm erection in his own pants. It had been far too long since he had found such a willing young patient and he wanted to ensure that Hayden enjoyed all of the pleasure that his years of experienced had given him to impart.
