 "So you were the guy my brother left a thousand to in his will."

"Who are you?" I asked whilst cleaning out old Badger's allotment shed. He'd left that to me too and as a token of respect and remembering our wonderful times together. I wanted to keep it spick and span.

"I am Clive, Badger's younger brother, so he left you his shed as well, you and he must have been well acquainted I'd say. Did his wife know or did she find out and is that what killed her?"

"I don't know what you are talking about, in fact I didn't know his wife had died too."

"Yes she did, about a month after Badger the old rascal. She was his third wife but he liked to play around a bit."

I looked at him a little shocked, because with me Badger seemed always to be static and as far as I knew never messed with another guy - in fact he always said he had met his everlasting friend until he died, but of course we were more than that, much more. The feelings in that shed were strong and very memorable and it was within those wooden panels we shared each other intimately.

It wasn't just the emotional pulls I felt either. The feel of him was still so very strong, like he was still alive and we were doing all those wonderful things together. It was like a hunger inside but something that had gone forever. I could only live with the memories.

I saw the old vice he used to make wooden things for a dolls house and the wooden 'dibber' he used to prick out those seedlings in the spring, to bring them on later in large pots before he planted them later in the allotment. But the dibber had other uses too with which he'd use to enjoy himself with me. Still the Vaseline wa son the bench which he used to lubricate me and I could not help touching them, the dibber too, smooth and pointed which made me feel so wonderfully prepared for him. He'd have me across the bench with a pillow underneath my front tp prevent bruising, he was very considerate always but despite his aging years he still managed to give me a hefty fuck.

That was after we'd indulged in some wonderful oral sex after the dibber delight which was lovely; I can still taste old badger so earthy and wonderful for his age. He could still raise a good erection which was soon throbbing in my mouth given of lots of wonderful slow and deep sucking.

Then he'd suck me, my ass too, he excelled in that after he'd dibbed me. It was like he was eating me, I had to crouch over him as he laid on his armchair, prop my ass up to the angle he wanted and waver it about, teasing and tantalizing him to a frenzy. Then he'd stretch my cheeks apart until I felt it would split and next thing, he was pushing his face between and I felt the ecstasy of a very long and wonderful delight asshole sucking which became standard, as far as Badger concerned because he loved that so very much and he always said it was the next best thing to screwing me.

That is how it always was with dear old Badger, he was such a wonderful lover and what we did in the confines of that shed became natural - I could even take cream to experiment with, and he'd suck me up to his heart's content with a squirt of cream to savor the flavor, as he used to say. He liked cock with cream too, getting me to spurt it under his foreskin and then suck it out, it all made for wonderful new sensual sensations.

Our bond was something very special and I do miss Badger so very much.

But now this guy Clive had come unannounced into my life and it was weird just how much he looked like Badger, the nose, eyes and the build, a little stocky but strong, he had more hair than Badger though and I guess was about ten years younger.

It seemed like he knew all about Badger and me because he told me not to feel guilty about his wife maybe finding out about her husband's homosexual leaning and perhaps it was presumptuous for him to assume she ever did find out. 

"But how did you know about us, Clive?" I asked.

He just smiled - just like Badger used to smile and said he knew his brother and now meeting me, because he knew he would find me on the allotment on a Saturday - because that was the day his brother always spent at the allotment.

"And I can see too from your responses, that you were attached to Badger and I am just so glad you were able to give him so much pleasure in his Autumn years, Alex."

We got talking. Clive and I and I soon discovered he had many of the qualities of Badger. One thing led to another and he started to confess about how often he had indulged in sexual fantasies about being with another guy. "I guess it runs in the family aye, Alex?"

I did like him. As he spoke I knew I was attracted to him. Whether or not it was because he was Badger's brother and I wanted to keep up something that Badger and I shared I don't know. But the feeling was strong, so when he opened up about being like his brother I was delighted.

But it was obvious that Clive was inexperienced and was just 'coming out' as they say.. But that was fine, that would be exciting and nice and I could show him a few things.

"I told him I was happy it did run in the family" and with that he looked so relieved. Like before, he had said something out of place and wondered how I would react. I could see by his expression that he was reassured and that is when I really felt the familiar tingle of lust, that tingle that Badger always gave me, which ran up my spine - and I was happy to talk about what Badger and I got up to in the confines of the shed in which we were now talking. He asked me outright not to think him perverted for asking such questions, but having been parted from his bother since adolescence it was like getting to know all about his later years, and that he felt guilty about not having contacted him before he died, that it was too late now., but at least he could talk to someone to whom he was very close, like me.

That was fine with me I assured. He said it was typical of his brother to make even a shed his second home. Like all the fineries, curtains, chairs and the like. "I can imagine him sat on the chair you now occupy, talking to you," he said looking at me in an enquiring manner and when he asked how we managed in such a confined space, I said that is what made it all the more cosy and wonderful.

"Did he shag you a lot?"

"All the time," I smiled

"He was a lucky guy having you, Alex"

I paused a little and then told him he could be lucky too. His face lit up and he gave out a similar broad smile like his late brother.

I was thinking could it be like old times. Could being with Clive give me that and could I give him something in return.

Like he knew my thoughts he said it would be wonderful if we could, then he froze and I interrupted to break the ice;

From then on reminisces of me and Badger doing things right there in that shed began to start all over, but now it was with Clive. Different because of his lack of experience but nice because of that and after indulging in some light touching and feeling I soon felt I wanted oral with Clive, who I could see was already getting very enlarged beneath those gabardine trousers of his; and when I deliberately dropped my jeans and watched his favourable response I tempted him with a few of the moves which Badger loved, hitching my boxer shorts tight between the cleavage of my ass, bending over a little - Clive sitting on the chair now and me standing in front, I wiggled for him and turned around again to reveal a very large extremity I hoped he would like to feel and maybe more.

It was all so very thrilling, watching his reactions and hearing his sounds of approval.

"Just relax Clive and feel me, would you like that?"

"I would very much."

"Go on then, I am all yours." 

"You are wonderful; I can see why my brother liked you so much. Is this what you did with him?"

"Yes, he loved me to dangle for him, he'd tease my balls with his fingers tips and squeeze them, watching my cock grow and then feel its girth in such a wonderful way. Squeezing- teasing it to full strength."

Clive looked ecstatic and was obviously enjoying me and I prompted him to suck me, by moving my erection close to his face.

"Smell it. Suck it!" I said letting him pull down my boxer shorts to the full, so I was all cock and balls for him.

I felt his warm breath linger there as he got it into his head what was happening. Now he was starting to enjoy the things his brother had and why not? He was a quick learner and whatever his brother had, he did too - It was so wonderful to feel his exploration of me, and very soon he was sucking me like there was no tomorrow and I felt again the gorgeous feelings Badger gave me, I showed him how Badger did it, stretching back the foreskin and sucking my p-hole, then letting his index finger slide between; following the line between my balls and my asshole, enticing him to gently begin to insert and open me up, to make me primed and ready for him when I would bend steep across the potting bench and allow Badger a deep penetration to shag me to his heart's content.

That was always so nice, and being an older man he could make it last and that was so lovely too, I loved the way he used to pause whilst still deep inside me, both of us enjoying the moment and he holding me steadfast so that I felt completely at his mercy, like I was fastened to him like super glue and that was always so good. Especially after he had primed me with a good indulging of his dibber, when instead of pricking out new seedlings he was pricking out and sewing his creamy white seed in me

But first there was a lot of fun to be had for-playing Clive and I longed to see his reaction when I gave his tackle the full works, he saying he'd never been with a guy before.

It was me who frantically stripped down his corduroys and his briefs. I was keen to get things going - that is how it was with Badger although he was the one usually to do the stripping. 

He was half mast, I guess he was still a little nervous, he had a good tackle of to touch, feel and enjoy and, prompting his growth, I began to deep suck him and feel his balls at the same time. He groaned and moaned like he was so enjoying and I was too. 

It soon grew and I knew it was a little bigger than Badger's because of the fill in my throat. It had a brilliant head and he'd been circumcised which made it different. It looked good though and very tempting ti suck and lick, the only difference being no foreskin, but what I missed about stretching Badger's cock back I gained in the new fresh feel of that lovely head sinking into my tongue, squeezing it against the roof of my mouth as he moaned in ecstasy telling me not to stop.

As I continued without reservation to enjoy him he started to dirty talk, just like his brother, complimenting me on my ass, telling me he longed to fuck me there, to go where his brother had been to keep up the good work. 

I let him explore me and imagined, closing my eyes, it was Badger, the licking, sucking and everything, I told him how his brother particularly like rimming and how to suck me out, stretching my thighs as wide open as I could to let him sniff and taste me there, watching the sheer joy as he came up occasionally for air, telling me just what a wonderful fucking ass I had and just how he wanted to fuck me.

It was good to feel his joy and the newness of this guy discovering new things about how it is making it with another guy.

I really primed him up for the fuck I wanted as badly as he said he did., sucking his cock as deep as I could and feeling his fingers stretching open my mouth to take its girth. So there was I with a mouth full of hard throbbing primed cock nearly ready for the essential fuck.

I was so very ready, it had been months since I'd had a good fucking and never thought for a minute it would be Badger's brother giving it to me.

All the time when he started to sink it into me he kept asking if it was okay.

I told him to shut the fuck up and just get on with it, I was so hot for it then, feeling the surge of new hard cock pumping my ass . It felt good, he had his little idiosyncrasies like twisting my ass sideways to get a different angle, and spanking my me as he did so.

His fuck became furious and my ass was well used. My hole juiced up and I felt myself cum strong as he gave it that final string deep thrust which was really something.

Yes I could get used to Clive. We vowed to make it last, he'd meet me and even take an interest in gardening like his brother,

It was all going to be lovely again and afterwards, Clive thanked me for bringing him out big time, realizing that which he had been missing,

We gave each other a mutual stiff wanking to finish our date and then I was looking forward to the next time.