 As I stepped past the threshold and into the bar, I felt my stomach doing yet another flip as the thought of what I was doing here consumed me completely. I was a half an hour earlier than the designated time we'd agreed to meet, unable to wait any longer in my hotel room. I looked slowly around the room as I stepped up to the bar, trying to determine whether you'd come early as well. But from what you'd told me you'd be wearing, I didn't think you were one of any of those I saw at the bar or sitting at any of the tables. Good, I thought, I can have a drink and watch the door. I knew that I'd recognize you the minute I saw you, even if you didn't have on the clothes you said you would. 

The bartender stepped over with his rag in hand, wiping the surface of the bar in front of me and setting a fresh ashtray down, asking what I'd have. I ordered a beer and a shot of Crown, hoping to lessen the butterfly effect that was ticking my belly. I had been waiting for this for months; our first meeting. I'd known long ago, after we had begun a very hot exchange on Literotica.com's sexual role playing board that I had to meet you, and see for myself where all your sexy writing came from. I took a sip of my beer and slugged down my shot right away. As soon as I had, I felt a hand on my shoulder.

I turned and looked right into your eyes, knowing before I even looked to see who was touching me, that it was you. I was a bit surprised; I hadn't seen you walk in. You saw the puzzled look I wore and smiled, saying that you must have been in the men's room when I came in. I smiled back and stood, giving you a warm hug. Your arms opened and you welcomed my embrace, hugging me back. When we stepped back from one another, you said quickly, "I've got a table over there, c'mon, let's go sit."

As I followed behind you to the table you'd claimed I stared at your ass, watching it move as you walked. We sat down, and I broke my awkward silence. 

"So, you got here early too?"

You nodded, still smiling big. I felt like I should make small talk, for the moment anyway. But I couldn't. I dove right in after my first words had come out, telling you exactly what I was thinking.

"Rick. Wow, buddy. You're just like...no, even better than I'd imagined all this time. I am so glad this day has come, and that we both had the balls to do this. Man, it's so great that you're—that we're both here."

I shut up for a second, giving you a chance to talk now. As you began, I felt your hand rest on my knee under the table. Oh, shit, I thought to myself, he's going to get right to the point, isn't he? I listened to you, but was so distracted as your hand slid up my thigh. My hand went under the table as well, and I touched yours, rubbing it with my fingertips. You stopped talking as our eyes met, and I knew that you were just as ready as I was to leave this public place. I picked up my beer and downed it quickly, and then turned my head as I burped. Turning back to you, giggling and giddy, I said, "I'm so ready to go, if you are."

I loved the sound of your voice; so soft and sexy as you said, "Sure, Curt. Let's get outta here." We stood and this time I led the way as we exited the bar. Once outside, we stood together on the curb and waited for a passing taxi. It was only a minute before one came our way, and you flagged it down. When it came to a stop at the curb, you stepped forward right away, opening the door for me. I looked at you with a huge smile and said, "Such chivalry! Don't spoil me like that when you know I eventually have to go back to the real world." That wasn't something to think about right now, that's for sure.

We got in the back of the cab and I told the driver the hotel we'd be going to. I'd gotten a smoking room with a big king-sized bed at the Omni. I'd already paid for the full weekend, not knowing if you'd be able to stay or not, I was hopeful though. Once the driver pulled out into traffic, I reached for your hand again and looked into your eyes.

"Rick, you have no idea how happy this makes me; that we get this chance to be together." You agreed and I could see that your readiness rivaled mine. Without another thought or word, I moved in close to your face and kissed you. Our mouths opened as we exchanged tongues, kissing each other with a deep need and desire. Both of us were oblivious to the driver as he glanced in the rearview, seeing our hot kiss. I heard a 'hhmph' come from his direction, but nothing more. I was grateful that the bar we'd met at was fairly close to the hotel, because I was nearly ready to rip your clothes off right there in the back seat of the dirty taxi and have you. I felt your hand in my lap, massaging me through my jeans as we kissed. Your hot breath came in small bursts on my face as you revealed your lust to me with your kisses.

As the cab came to a stop we both regained our composure long enough to pay the driver and get out. You followed closely as we entered the building and walked over to the elevator. When the doors opened, we smiled at the sight of it being empty. We stepped into the elevator and I pushed the button to go up to the 5th floor. The door closed.

As soon as the elevator began to rise, you reached over and pushed the 'stop' button. I thought for sure an alarm would sound, but I didn't hear one. You grabbed me and pulled me into you, your open mouth covering mine again. I gasped and clung to you as we made out in the elevator car. You backed me against the wall and pressed your hand against my crotch, squeezing my cock as it silently begged to be freed. I felt your teeth on my lower jaw, nibbling along as you made your way to my neck.

I felt your heart pounding as we stood, chest to chest and lost in lust. Your lips now on my neck as you pushed your hardness into my pelvic bone, letting me feel how turned on you really were. Your mouth returned to mine as we soul-kissed, our combined passion growing, the thought of stopping now was impossible. Your hand went between my legs and you rubbed it back and forth, feeling my balls through my jeans. I thrust my hips against you, making sure you knew that I wasn't going to stop this. I felt my armpits beginning to sweat, and wet spots forming under the sleeves of my shirt. I was positive that that wasn't the only spot getting wet.

"Fuck...oh Rick, just can't wait, can you stud...me neither," I said as I felt you fumbling with my zipper. Your breathy words came out, saying, "No Curt...I want you right now. I won't even ask if it's ok; I already know the answer to that. And I already know how fast you come, I'm pretty sure this won't take long."

The next thing I knew you were on your knees before me with my hard cock in your hand. I leaned against the wall of the elevator and groaned, waiting to feel the wet heat of your mouth. "Just don't tease me, bro...I'll be comin' before you even get me in your mouth." 

You didn't tease. Right away I felt your mouth slide over my cock, taking it in as far as you could. The feel of your mouth as it wrapped snugly around my shaft made me more than light headed. Your chin brushed against my balls as you swallowed my entire length. I looked down and watched as you sucked your first dick since college. Your head began to bob back and forth on me, and I felt your velvety tongue sliding over my cockhead. It felt so awesome. I moaned out and said, "Oh yeah Rick...suck me just like you write about it. Suck it like you do in our stories!"

You did, too. You had a rhythm going and were practically deep throating me, knowing how impossible it would be for me to hold back. My hands went to your head and I let my fingers play in your soft hair as I gently urged you on, pulling your head closer to my groin. Your wet mouth was heavenly; and the moans you made around my cock created a subtle vibration, driving me wild.

"Oh fuck, Rick...Here it comes, man. Here comes your first load baby...Oooh, shit yesss!" My cock pulsed as I felt my orgasm begin, and Rick's hands went to my asscheeks. He held me tight and smashed his face against my tingling groin as I began to flood his mouth with my cum. I gasped, trying to breathe as each spurt felt more intense than the last. I felt his jaws moving as he swallowed my load expertly, like he'd done it a hundred times before. I was blown away.

He let my cock slip out from between his lips and stood. I saw a glistening strand of my semen on his lip. God, he is so hot, I thought as I watched him unconsciously wipe his mouth with his sleeve. I was panting, so overcome by that incredible climax. I pulled him against me once again and kissed him, now tasting my cum in his mouth. I felt how hard he was as he leaned into me, his hips moving, humping me lightly. 

"Wow, Rick...that was great. Man, you're a natural. You know I want to return the favor right here and now, but..." As my voice trailed off the intercom in the elevator sounded and a woman's voice asked in a concerned tone if there was a problem. Rick spoke up and said, no, he'd pushed the 'stop' button mistakenly. I stuffed my cock back into my pants as the elevator began to move again. When the doors opened a few seconds later, an old woman who'd obviously been waiting said, "Is this elevator broken? I don't wanna get on a broken elevator."

"No, it works just fine," Rick said, as we stepped out. Both of us tried to conceal our smiles. I pointed and said, "Our room's that way."