 We lay together on the big bed, and I gave you a few minutes to recover from the orgasm you'd just had. I couldn't help staring at you though; you looked so handsome. The pleasure I'd helped you achieve was evident in your lazy smile and dreamy eyes. I wanted to grab you up and hold you to me tightly; to begin covering you with kisses and letting you feel my enthusiasm by rubbing my hardness against your warmth. But instead, I sat up and reached over to the bedside table where we'd set our drinks down. I handed you yours, trying hard to be a gentleman wherever I could. I grabbed the pack of Newports that were peeking out of the front pocket of my discarded jeans.

I put a cigarette between my lips and lit it, while saying, "I bet I know what you need now, baby." I handed you the lit smoke and you smiled and thanked me. Then I lit myself one and picked up my drink, taking a large swallow. The flavor of the vodka with hardly more than a hint of orange juice washed the lingering taste of your cum from my mouth. I was confident that I'd get plenty more before this weekend was over, though.

I moved up to the head of the bed, and propped myself up with my back against the wall and a couple of the large pillows cushioning me. You did the same, and we sat side by side, enjoying those always awesome after-sex cigarettes. My cock was engorged and poked straight out from my lap. I did nothing to try to conceal it, although I didn't want you to feel obligated to do something about it yet. I was feeling great, and knew that we didn't have to rush. I put my hand on your naked thigh and rubbed it lightly as I looked back into your face, wanting so much to tell you things; to let you know just how much I was feeling all this. I couldn't find the words, but as you grinned at me and put your hand on mine, I was pretty sure that whatever words I might've come up with would've been inadequate. The look in your eyes told me there was no need; that you knew just what I was feeling.

"Fuck, Rick...I sure liked suckin' you like that, baby. And you know I loved how you fed me your load. Man, I will be needing some more of that in a little while, you know."

"You think you loved it," you answered. "Shit, that was the best blowjob I've had in quite awhile. You're mouth is awesome, Curt."

I took another drink and said, "Stick with me baby, there's a lot more where that came from!" But we both knew that wasn't possible. It was left unsaid, but we both felt the effect of this infidelity to our partners. I was sure you felt it much more than I, but hoped that I could put it out of your mind during our time together. I wanted that to be about the last thing on your mind. This weekend was about freedom, and pleasure, and finally being able to experience one another in the flesh. I wanted everything else to not matter to either of us during our time together. 

I reached over and rubbed my cigarette out in the ashtray and put my arm across your belly, leaning into you with my chin on your shoulder. With your free hand you took the drink from my hand and set it on the side table. You moved closer and returned my affectionate touch by putting your arm across my middle. I felt you tugging me into you, and I brought my face closer to yours. My mouth was on yours again, unable to resist the need that tugged at me from deep within, compelling me to connect with you in every possible way. I was on fire; your mere presence had me so tightly wound. But your naked presence, pressing into my own bare skin, was too much for me to pretend to ignore.

"Rick," I said in a breathy whisper, "I know there is no reason to rush anything. Except for the fact that I'm so hot now, I feel like I'm gonna bust. Just tell me if you need more time to chill before we, uh...continue?" I had a hard time finding any of the right words. I was so flustered that it was pretty amazing I could speak, really. I didn't want to push you and make you uncomfortable. But as you smiled at my awkward words, I knew I wasn't.

"Curt," you began, "I am just as hot for you, believe me. Tell me what you have in mind, baby. What do you need, little bro?"

God, I loved it when you called me that. And hearing it in person, the words coming from your lips as I felt your breath on my skin, made me quiver. Your hand seemed to float down my body, gliding over my chest and down my abs, until you reached my blood-filled shaft. Your fingers slid around me and I was in the warm circle of your hand. You tugged my cock gently as you waited for my reply.

Shit, I wanted to fuck you so bad now. But I was unsure if it would be right for me to have you first. I really felt that it should be you taking me first. It seemed more proper, you being older and me feeling like the one who was so hopelessly smitten. I knew you'd never had a man-fuck. I also knew that I wanted to go to any lengths to get you ready for such an encounter. But it wouldn't take much effort at all to get me ready to receive you. And oh, I wanted it so badly. 

"Rick, I wanna connect again. I want you baby, inside me. Think I can get you hard again?" 

You laughed at my query and said, "If you can't get it hard, no one can. But what about this?" You gave my cock another squeeze and raised your eyebrows a bit.

"Man, it's just like how I write about it, Rick. I swear I'll get off so hard while you fuck me. You'll see, it's not bullshit man. It's so true. So...you want to?"

"Want to, what?"

"Do you...wait." I stopped and thought about the words I'd say. I didn't want to sound so crass or casual by saying, 'you wanna fuck me'. This was our special time, that we may not ever get again. I wanted you to know how special it really was to me.

"Rick...will you make love to me now?" 

Your smile spread out wide across your handsome face and you said, "Of course, babe. Help me get this hard again, and you got it."

I slid down putting my face even with your cock, which, was already halfway hard with the thoughts you had of being inside me. I took you back into my mouth and began to stroke your length with the wide part of my tongue, and then tightly closing my lips around it. It seemed to come back to life almost immediately. I rolled my tongue over your big dick as it grew in my mouth, and then let myself slide up and down the silky-hard pipe that would soon be fucking me. I felt your hands in my hair again, and sighed as I pulled off your cock. I licked its dark red head several times, and left a good amount of spit on you. Looking up I asked, "How do you want me, bro?"

I knew the answer, but I wanted you to say it.

"On your back, of course. I want you to stretch out and spread your sexy legs, Curt. I want you to lift your legs up so I can give that sweet ass a kiss before I fuck it. Come up here and lay back, sexy."

I was there before you could finish talking. I lay back and spread myself out, opening my arms and legs wide in anticipation of your body coming in closer to me than ever. You put an arm on either side of me and crawled up my body, your knees between my legs. I sighed, it sounding more like a gasp than a sigh as your face was above mine. I reached up with both hands and let my fingers drift over your flexed arms as they supported you over me. Your face lowered suddenly, and your mouth was on mine again. Your tongue pushed in to meet mine, and I felt a huge warm wave throughout my body. I shuddered as we kissed, and tugged your shoulders to bring you down closer.

"Ah-ah," you said as a small sexy grin appeared over your face. "I need to go down there first...You know that." You motioned with your head towards my lower half, and before I said anything, you crawled back down and hooked your arms under my thighs. I raised them a bit, shivering with excitement as I felt the first sensation of your tongue touching my hole. It was so warm and wet, and wonderful! Within seconds, you were rimming my ass perfectly, loving it with your tongue and lips. I couldn't help putting a hand on your head and stroking your hair. My hips moved off the bed, pressing closer, offering my ass to you. 

"Oh, shit...That is so good baby. That is in-cred-i-ble! Mmm, do that as long as you'd like, sweetheart. It'll take me a long time to get tired of that!" I meant that too. The way you kissed and licked my hole was heavenly. But after only a few more minutes you raised your head and looked into my eyes, saying, "Fuck, you know I can't wait though. I've been waiting long enough, and I need you now."

As you rose up onto all fours, coming forward again I said, "Oh, take me. I can't fucking wait either, Rick, to feel you."

My legs went higher as you came up against me on your knees. You held your cock at its base and touched my slick hole with its head. Our eyes were locked on one another's, and I shook my head 'yes' and said, "Oh, I'm so ready. Do it, Rick. Give it to me, please!"

I felt you start coming into me. Your cock pushed against me and I felt myself open up to you, my spread ass sucking the head of your dick inside it right away. I watched your face as you entered me and was in love with your expression. I could see how surprised you were by the tight tight hotness of my fuckhole. My hands went to your back and pulled at you, wanting you in deep.

Your shaft was buried inside me now. My mouth hung halfway open as I gasped, overwhelmed by this fullness that you gave me. Your hips began to move slightly, and you withdrew halfway. Then forward again, and right away your movement became rhythmic and you sank your dick into me in one fluid motion. I couldn't keep from crying out, feeling so passionate about our connection.

"Fuck yes Rick...Oh, fuck me. Fuck me good, you stud...Show me how badly you've wanted this ass..."

Your thrusting became quicker, and we grunted together as your groin smacked against my asscheeks as I held my legs up tight against your ribs. My hand went to your pec, and I began pinching and pulling on one of your hard buds as you shoved your cock far into me. You let out a groan, telling me it was too much. My own cock was being rubbed between us, our hot sweating bellies mashing and tugging at it. Your eyes were slits now, as you tired to let your mind go elsewhere in a vain attempt to make this fuck last longer. 

"Don't hold back, bro. Fuck, I wanna feel your cum in me. Give it to me, Rick...let it go, come in me please!"

"Oh, shit yes," you moaned as your body began to jerk against me as your climax began. Your cock was as deep as it could be, and I felt the pulsing throb as you began to squirt your cum in my guts. My hands moved to your asscheeks and locked you in place there, wanting to feel every twitch of your cock as you succumbed to this pleasure. It felt nothing short of perfect.

As you came you grunted between clenched teeth, saying, "Yeah Curt...take it baby...mm this is mine now. This ass is mine, oh fuck, this is a sweet ass...!"

I was so close to coming myself, but I let your orgasm consume me and ignored my own urge for release. You finally calmed and let all your weight rest on me, panting as you tried to catch your breath. I hugged you tightly with both my arms and legs around your strong back and whispered, "Rick...that was all I'd been dreaming of, and even more. You fucked me so good. Oh, God, it was perfect babe."

I knew you well enough to guess your next move would be reaching for the cigarettes. I clutched you as you began shifting and said, "Don't pull out yet. Please, stay right there."

You smiled so sexily as you put the smoke between your lips, lighting it and then holding it to my lips. I took a drag, and then you pulled the cigarette back and took one for yourself. We exhaled together, both sighing loudly as we enjoyed the afterglow of the fuck we'd been fantasizing about for so long. Then you spoke again and said, "Curt, that ass is fuckin' awesome. Shit, I have never felt anything so HAWT." We both cracked up as you pronounced the word so comically, and I saw your eyes sparkle as they met mine again.

"Mmm, so glad you like, babe. I just hope you're prepared to switch with me soon. And that you're still wanting my cock in you as much as you've told me these past few months, because I am ready." I licked my dry lips seductively at you, knowing that I'd soon be given that gift of you that I craved so much.