 Sometimes finding what you thought you wanted turns into a whole lot more. I had finally found a masculine dominant man in the area who needed regular service. I was happy. We would email, or text, and set up times that would fit each others schedules (he is married, i have a gf). We would meet, he'd stick his cock in my throat and call me names until he shot his sticky load on my face and sent me on my way. It was great. It got better.

I got a text sunday afternoon. 

"Go to my house."

"When sir?"

"Within 15, text me when you get there."

"Yes sir."

The butterflies twitched again in my stomach, my dick already began to harden. I jumped up, brushed my teeth, put my shoes on and was out the door. Not often is it that when he calls my gf is out. I loved that it had happened today, it had been too long since I had that smooth hard cock in my throat. I don't even remember the short drive over.

"Outside sir."

I sat for what seemed like forever awaiting a response. I hoped he still wanted my service. The phone vibrated.

"I'm at Walgreens."

My heart sank for a brief moment before I received my next set of intsructions.

"Go around to the door in the back, my friend is watching tv. I'm sure he could use a fags' mouth."

"Do I go right in sir? Does he know I'm coming?"

"You will knock bitch, and he has no idea."

"Is he gay sir?"

At this point I was so nervous. My dick was so hard, but I've never offered a man a bj face to face unless I knew it was going to happen. I was considering driving away, but I was intrigued.

"No, but you'll love his black cock."

Now my cock twitched again. I love my friends hard cock and the way he uses me, but it is only 6". There is only so much damage he can do. This might be different.

"Should I just wait until you get back home?"

I would feel more comfortable walking in with him.

"If that dick is not in your mouth when I get home we are done." 

"I understand sir. What do I say to him when I knock?"

"Whatever a cocksucker says when he is hungry for cock. I'm sure you know boy. Go."

I was out of the car before I knew what I was doing. I didn't know what to say, I had no idea what was waiting for me. I was up at the back door and knocked, still not knowing what I would say.

An early 30-something year old black male opened the door tentatively. He stood there in a t-shirt and cargo shorts with the remote control in his hands just looking at me. I guess instinct took over. My voice trembled.

"I am a cocksucker sir, and I was really hoping I could suck your dick."

What had I just said? To a complete stranger nonetheless. And at that moment there was nothing I wanted more then to be on my knees servicing that dick. But he just stood there. I couldn't lose this. So I pleaded.

"Your friend thought you would like my throat. Please use it."

I just stood there, rock hard, completely vulnerable and utterly submissive like never before. He took a few steps back to the couch but he left the door open. I took a step inside.

"Well white boy, I like my cocksuckers naked and on their knees."

By the time his shirt was off I was on my knees, totally naked in front of this man, just dying to see what he had to feed me. He stood in front of me, shirtless, looking down on me like noone has before. The words were coming without thinking. They were quiet, almost pleading words.

"Please. I need to suck that cock. I want that big beautiful black cock in my mouth. Use my throat sir."

He laughed. He actually laughed a little at what I was saying. But while he laughed he did take out his heavy black dick. It was magnificent, I couldnt believe how hungry I was for it. I kissed the head of it before his shorts were completely down. The entire length was down my throat as soon as they were off.

"What a fag, you love that dick don't you?"

I mumbled a short yes and when I did he pulled his dick from my throat. I instictively leaned towards it as he slapped me across the face with his thick meat.

"Answer me when I ask you a question bitch."

"Yes sir, I love that big dick, I love having it fill my throat sir. I need to be your cocksucker."

That big dick parted my lips again, hands on the back of my head, pumping my throat. I was in heaven and then the door opened. My friend was back. I sucked with greater earnest, I wanted to make him proud.

"Ha look at that little cockslut, gobbling strange black dick. He a good bitch?"

The two talked back and forth about me like I wasn't even there. I didn't care, in fact it made me work harder. I wanted them to remember this cocksucker. My friend returned his attention to me as he grabbed a hold of my head and impaled it on that black spear invading my throat.

"My cocksuckers take it all, you got me boy?"

I gasped for air while answering a very emphatic yes sir.

"Good boy, I only keep around the best cocksuckers. Can't wait to see you swallow that black seed."

Now I guess you know by now that I'm a cocksucker, but I have very rarely swallowed cum. I always wanted it splashed across my face. Today was going to be different and I couldn't have been more excited. Before I knew it the smooth white cock replaced the black beast and rammed my throat at record pace. I missed the big meat, but every man fucks a throat differently and he does such a good job with mine. I was in heaven, my hand on my own rock hard 8" cock, while on my knees gettin my face pounded, all the while a black man watched, laughed and jerked himself. It wasn't long before I felt that white cock explode in my throat. Streams flowed in my mouth and trickled out over my lips. 

"Eat it boy. Fuck yeah. Swallow my seed like a whore."

Half was already down my throat as I just continued to swallow more. When it was all gone I missed it. I wanted more.

"Looks like we've turned your cocksucker into a horny cumslut."

I was, I knew it then. I felt myself begging for that black dick to feed me more. I opened my mouth to tell him how badly I wanted it, but before words could get out, that black dick reinvaded my throat. A few short hard bursts and that black dick was erputing. Mmm, I enjoyed every last drop, sucking his cockhead for more. My hand furiously working my dick. He shuttered and took a second to recover as my friend spoke.

"Looks like this fag wants to cum. Do we let the little cockwhore cum?"

The black man just laughed. 

"Yeah, get on your back white boy."

I laid on my back working my cock which never felt harder. I was ready to cum when I was startled by the hands of the black man lifting my legs off the floor. My whole lower half was picked up in one fell swoop and my dickhead was pointed straight at my face. I knew what they wanted. And I wanted it too.

"Fucking cum."

I did, 5 or 6 thick streams rocketed towards my own face, and to my surprise my open mouth. I swallowed what landed inside. The black man lowered me as I fell into a lump. I was spent. I jolted back to my senses quickly as I heard the door open and saw my friend throw my belongings outside the house.

"Out boy. Got no use for a cocksucker right now. I'll be in touch."