 This might be a bit like starting the story halfway through but I also think that it might be an interesting place to start. 

I had met Barry three months ago in what you might say were unusual circumstances, circumstances that I won't dwell on here but save for a later tale.

Barry was a well educated forty something whom, as I found out, lived remarkably close to me. When I say remarkably close I mean the next suburb, not right next door!

Well anyway, we had hooked up a few months ago, back when I was a much more innocent 19 year old and during a phone call a couple of days later he informed me that I could call him anytime, anytime at all that I wanted my cock sucked and he would be available.

It was quite a step for me, having gone from never having done anything like that before to having this classy older gentlemen making his mouth available for my use unconditionally.

I didn't take advantage of his offer quite as much as I could have, I was still a bit shy about the whole thing but it only made him that much more enthusiastic when I did. However from time to time, often on a Saturday night if I was home and spending time chatting on the net, getting myself all worked up I would work up the necessary courage, fuelled by the knowledge of what he would do and ring him. 

That is what happened on Saturday night. I spent the majority of the night chatting online. Flitting through various chat rooms, both gay and straight. Every time I would get talking to another guy, especially if he was older, I would be drawn one step closer to ringing Barry's number. I guess I could have just jerked off and gone to bed but when another promising private chat left me hanging unfulfilled I grabbed the phone. 

On each occasion that I had summoned the courage to call him I had been terribly nervous waiting for him to answer. This time it was no different as I listened to it ring. 

Would he answer? 

Would he say no?

I had all these thoughts and more running through my head.

When he finally picked up and answered with 'Hi Luke, what can I do for you?' I was flooded with relief and my cock, which had lost a little hardness due to my nerves regained its former state.

I asked him if he was interested in meeting up and he said 'Yes, as long as you have something for me'. I swear I could almost feel the pre-cum beginning to seep.

We agreed to meet at some public toilets that were somewhere in the middle of us both, a brisk 10 minute walk for me and a short drive for him. We made a little more small talk, skirting the central issue now that it was decided and got off the phone.

We had arranged to meet at 11.30 pm and it was just after 11 pm now and after allowing for the 10 minute walk I still had nearly a quarter of an hour to kill. I had to change as I wasn't dressed for walking around the streets but that wouldn't take up that much time.

After climbing the walls, not able to wait on one hand but still half thinking that I really shouldn't be doing this sort of thing I was out the front door.

I had put on jeans, a hooded jumper and a jacket as it was quite cool out but for some reason I had neglected underwear! Wonder why?

I walked briskly, not wanting to linger and each step took me closer to my rendezvous. My cock was no longer fully hard under my jeans, maybe it was the cold or the nerves or a combination of both, but still at a very respectable half lob, the kind of semi hardness that I always think looks pretty sexy in photos.

It seemed to take forever to reach the park but I'm sure it was not more than seven or eight minutes since I had left home. Now that I was there my cock sprung fully to life and I had to adjust it to the side as the angle of my erection inside my jeans was almost painful.

As I walked up to the toilets I could see Barry coming through the park from the other direction. Good timing I thought. 

We wasted no time in going in and shutting ourselves in stall. There was no-one else around, not surprising considering the time but I was that horny I don't think I would have cared.

Barry stands about 5'8" and is slight of build and clean-shaven with the kind of face that reminds me of an accountant or some other white color profession. 

I told him how horny I was and when I unzipped my jeans and pushed them down and sat on the toilet he said he could see that. 

My cock was as hard as rock and the head was all swollen and red and there was a big blob of precum welling in the eye. 

I told him how full my balls were and that I hoped he was ready for a big load. 

He knelt down and stroked my balls and said he could tell there was going to be heaps. 

He wasted no time in ducking his head and sliding my cock into his mouth. 

He sucked me slowly for a start, just warming up. After a bit he paused and said 'You don't know how much I've missed doing this to you.'

I smiled and said 'That's why you get two loads tonight.' My cock isn't porn star massive by any means but I'm pretty happy with it. It's right on seven inches long, nicely curved and cut so the fat helmet head is always fully exposed. It is a nice thickness without being so fat you can't use it. I think it's the kind of size a lot of people find attractive as it looks nice, is quite large but without being too big that it's gonna scare someone. On the other hand, my balls are big, I guess shaving them only exaggerates their size but they look so much better shaved bare. Plump and pink and juicy, I haven't met too many people, guys or girls who don't like a big load at the end of things. 

He grinned and ran his tongue down my shaft to my balls. 

'I think you have gotten bigger Luke' he said, gently pumping my shaft. 'You were always nice and thick with that wonderful big cock head but I honestly think you have lengthened a bit'.

'Maybe I have" I said, 'Do you think you can fit it all in?' 

'I don't know, but I can certainly try,' he answered. 'Mmm, such a gorgeous head, it is a real plum!'

He then proceeded to try and fit as much of my cock in as he could. He couldn't get it all in but he tried hard. He did all the fun things, sucking on the head, pumping the shaft with his hand, licking and playing with my balls and talking dirty to me as he went. He knew the dirty talk really did it for me. 

Things like. 'Come on, fill my mouth you gorgeous boy,' and "I love your fat cock, when are you going to empty your balls down my throat'.

I told me that I expected him to get it all and not spill a drop so when he felt my cock begin to spasm he made a tight seal around my cock with his mouth and used both hands to pump me. It was amazing. I didn't get to see how much there was as he took it all but the way it felt pumping out it must have nearly the biggest load I have ever produced. I could just feel it spurting and spurting and he kept swallowing and swallowing. All the stroking and chatting and the half starts while chatting online earlier had meant that Barry had gotten the benefit of quite a buildup! 

When my cock finally finished spurting, he took his mouth from my cock and delicately cleaned out the eye with his tongue. 

'I don't want to waste any,' he said. 

He knelt there looking up at me as I recovered, gently stroking my cock and playing with my balls. 

'I think that was the most I've ever taken,' he said happily, lifting my balls delicately so see how far back I had shaved. 'And your cum tastes so good. But...'

'But what?' I said. 

'But on the phone, you promised me two loads tonight. Where does the other one go? Do I get to eat that too?'

'All over your face,' I said as he started to pump a little faster and lick the head. 

He grinned and it wasn't long before I was rock hard again and he was back to work sucking me long and deep. He was having to work a little harder this time since I had only just cum, but he was relishing the challenge. 

As he sucked I was thinking about how to unload over him for maximum effect. 

Luckily the stalls were just long enough that if he lay down with his head towards the door he could put his legs either side of the toilet. So as I got close this is what he did and I knelt over him slowly fucking his mouth before pulling out and stroking myself as I unloaded above his face. 

He was smiling, with his mouth open and tongue outstretched as I dumped my second big load all over his face. I made sure I got plenty into his mouth as well (he deserved it) but heaps and heaps still coated his chin, nose, eyebrows and forehead. He raised his head slightly and once again cleaned out my peehole, and then suckled on the head gently, his face still covered with my cum blast. 

'Is it ok if i eat all this too?' he asked, scooping his finger into a big ropey strand on his chin. 'It's too yummy to waste'. 

"Sure," I said, still kneeling above his face. "That's what its there for. 

I sat back onto the toilet and watched as he scooped as much of the cum on his face into his mouth. He kept telling me how good it tasted as he went. Each fingerful of my cum was followed by an explanation of how nice it was or how lucky he was. 

When he finished and we cleaned up he told me again that whenever I wanted, where-ever I wanted and however I wanted to come he was available. Anytime, day or night to call him and he would be there for me.

I can't wait until next time I get the courage to call.