 The other weekend I was relaxing, surfing, and found an ad online that looked interesting. I sent him an email, and introduced myself. He wrote me back, and we emailed back and forth a few times before we called each other. We talked for a bit before we decided to meet and I headed over there.

I walked into his house and shook his hand. He stood about 6'2" so he was about 4 inches taller than me. He was dressed in a fairly short robe that was tied in front.

After a brief hello, Bruce pulled me into his arms for a deep, passionate kiss. WOW. And again, WOW...what a kiss. I melted into his arms and kissed him back. He pulled me into his bedroom and I slid his robe off, running my hands over his body.

It didn't take me long to drop my clothes, my cock standing stiff and ready for his touch which came soon. He reached down and lightly took me in his arms, softly caressing me as we kissed again and again and again. Our lips barely moved apart, the kiss deepening again and again in desire and passion.

He laid back in the bed and I moved over him, between his legs. I slowly licked up and down, getting the taste of his cock before I took him in my mouth. Mmmm....the feel and taste of his cock deep in my mouth was wonderful, what I had been hungry for. I reached up to run my hands over his body slowly as I took in in and out, letting him slowly fuck my mouth.

After several minutes, he pulled me up and into his arms for more deep kissing, over and over. His lips, his tongue was driving me crazy. I pulled back, looking into his eyes, not sure how he would react, but I told him that I was a virgin to man-to-man loving, I had never had a man inside me before. He looked at me in surprise at first, then this light ignited in his eyes, this amazingly gentle, sweet, passionate light that told me I had done the right thing in telling him.

He told he he wasn't sure about making love to me. Those were the words he used, making love. I melted into his arms in the bed, wanting him, needing him. We kissed, over and over, and I reached down to slowly stroke his cock, feeling it hot and hard in my hand. I told him I trusted him, I knew he would be gentle with me. The blaze in his eyes grew in intensity and he reached over to the bedside table, picking up a bottle of KY. He took some in his hand and reached down, rubbing my ass, slowly sliding one finger into my hole. I tensed up slightly, but he pulled me tight to him and kissed me, whispering in my ear to relax.

He pulled on a condom, and I grimaced slightly. I knew it was safer, but I so badly wanted to feel him cum inside me. He noticed me grimace, and smiled.

"I'm clean." he said, picking up a letter beside his bed and showing it to me. He explained it had been over two years since he had been with anyone, and showed me a letter dated the previous week that stated he was clean. I kissed him again and reached down, rolling the condom off and slowly stroking his cock.

"I trust you." I kissed him softly. "I trust you, and I want to feel you inside me. I want you to cum inside me. I want to feel you fill me up with that hot cum you have for me."

His eyes widened in surprise, but I felt his cock spasm softly, jerking and throbbing. He kissed me, hard and deep, and moved off me, kneeling between my legs and taking them in his hands. He raised them, looking me in the eyes, and moved forward, placing the tip of his cock at my hole, then slowly and gently started pressing.

"Ahhhhh yessss" I sighed, the feeling of him pressing into me painful, but welcome. "Come on." I begged him, pushing against him. "I want it, want you in me."

Bruce smiled at me, telling me slowly, and continued to push into me slowly.

"Oh Bruce," I sighed as he settled deep inside me. "Hold on, let me get use to you."

He leaned down, kissing me while holding still deep inside me. I slowly grew use to him, and began to move against him, inviting him to start moving inside me.

Wow. I was in paradise. I groaned softly as he moved in and out, gazing up into his eyes as he made love to me. It didn't take long before he pressed hard inside me and held tight, gasping, his eyes wide in amazement. I gasped too, feeling him shooting inside me. The feel of his cum spurting into my ass was incredibly erotic.

He collapsed on top of me and we kissed, gently and passionately. When he pulled out of me, I went to his bathroom, getting a warm washcloth and coming back to wash him off before bending down to take him in my mouth, lovingly sucking him. Bruce looked down at me in surprise and reached down, pulling me up to kiss me again.

"You're something else." he smiled at me, kissing me again. "Most guys just want to pull their clothes on and take off. They don't immediately come back for more."

"I don't want to leave." I smiled at him. "I'm just getting started. I want to feel you in me again before the night is over." I reached down, slowly stroking his balls and his cock.

Bruce took some baby oil in his hands, reaching down to slowly stroke my cock. I laid back, groaning softly at the feel of his hand around me.

He kissed me again as he kept stroking me, then told me he wanted to watch me cum. It didn't take long between his hand around me and his lips on mine until I gasped and shuddered against him, shooting my cum over his hand.

"Oh wow." I softly breathed, kissing him deeply again. "And wow. That felt amazing."

He pulled me to him, my body molding around his. Our conversation lagged as we spent the next 20 minutes touching each other and kissing before I moved between his legs, taking his cock back deep into my mouth. Yes, the night was just beginning...