 I had decided to use a sick day, but I was not sick at all. I needed some time off - to make myself happy. I had spent the day stroking my cock while talking to guys on chat. I was chatting with a guy named Jay who lived not too far from me. He was working until 2:00 and wanted to meet as soon as he was off work. I had never met a guy from the internet. Girls, yes... Guys, never! Although I was really interested in doing it for some time, I had chickened out at the last minute often.

My wife would be home from work by 4:00; I had plenty of time if I could work up the courage. I was still unsure.

As it became closer to 2:00, I grew nervous. I decided that no matter what, I was going to get in my car and drive to his house. He didn't live in a wealthy neighborhood; he lived on a city street full of row homes. I could easily drive right past his house without anyone noticing.

He had done this a bunch of time - at least that was the story he told me. He lived with his girlfriend but she was out of town so it was low risk in terms of that.

As I drove to his house I had mixed emotions. I had sucked before. First a friend, and then at an ABS a few times. I wasn't nervous about that as much as I was about meeting in the privacy - the insecurity - of this unknown man's home.

When I turned on his street, I promised myself that I would at least park my car. I was thinking in terms of small steps. There were kids outside at a playground across the street. There were people walking around; they were passing my car as if it were any other. Occasionally a car passed me. I must have sat there for five minutes with butterflies scurrying about in my stomach.

I got out of the car and began to walk toward his house - it wasn't to late to turn around. When I reached my destination there were three steps leading to a big maroon door. I knocked and it opened. I couldn't believe I had gone this far - now, it was too late.

The man standing there was exactly as he described. He must have been nearly six foot tall with short blonde hair. He looked to be in his early thirties which was just a bit older than me. He was an attractive man. He led me in.

He sat on his couch and I sat beside him leaving a bit of space. He told me to relax sensing my growing nerves. I could see a picture on the wall of him and his girlfriend who was good-looking too. He turned on his television and a straight porn move was being played. He moved closer to me. He reached out and touched my chest. He took my hand and placed it on his cock which I could feel through his pants. I turned my head and he kissed me. I hadn't figured on that! I didn't know how to take it to be honest. I liked girls, and had kissed many, I never anticipated kissing a guy. I had crossed a line. It was hot! I could feel his tongue in my mouth and I offered him mine.

I was moving my hand in his lap and caressing his cock through his pants some more. He started kissing my neck and he pulled up my shirt - he took it off of me and threw it on the floor. He stood up and took his off as well. My knees fell to the sides leaving an open space in which he quickly knelt. First he unbuckled my belt. Then he opened my pants. I was already hard when he reached in my shorts and pulled out my cock. Instantly he began sucking. This was unlike any sucking a girl had ever done. He sucked it hard and fast. I put my hands on his head as he devoured it. Inch by inch he worked my cock with his hands and his mouth. It was a symphony of movement that made me shiver. It was the best I had ever had.

At once he stood up and took down his pants. He pulled his cock out and put it in my open, and very wanting, mouth. It tasted exactly as I had remembered. He moved his hips back and forth gently having his way with my face. He pulled out and straddled me. We began to kiss and I could feel his hard cock on my naked skin. He slid back down and began to suck again.

I knew I wouldn't be able to hold on much longer. I arched my back a bit as my cum began to flow in to his mouth. He spit my cum all over my stomach and chest. He gently cleaned me with his tongue. He stood up and sat back down beside me. We kissed again. I could taste my own cum - this was my first time.

It was my turn to taste his goodness. I got down on my knees, as he stroked his own cock, and then put it in my mouth. It moved it in and out as I listened to his heavy breathing. We looked into each others eyes - this was a first for me too. I looked at him as many girls had looked at me. I had always enjoyed watching girls as they sucked my cock. In very little time, I could feel him pulse as his cum shot into my swallowing mouth. I stood up and so did he. He kissed me one more time on my lips and we both got dressed. Without saying a word, he opened his door and I walked out. I got in to my car and drove home immediately.

As I pulled up at my house, my wife pulled up behind me. We got out of our cars at the same time and she walked toward me. My heart raced. She gave me a kiss and asked me where I had been. I told her I was at a friends house; not exactly a lie. We walked in to our house together. I wondered if she knew. Could she smell his sweet cum on my breath? I hoped not, but then again I really didn't care. I had exactly what I wanted. My thirst for cum was only growing with time and I knew that she would have to know sooner or later.

I drove by his house several times after that, but we never met or spoke again.