 I met Thomas through unusual circumstances. My former pastor and his wife invited me over to dinner to meet "another bachelor." I thought George knew I was gay as I had dropped a few hints in church, but I figured that this would be just a nice social event as I enjoyed the Peelen's company and figured the man would be interesting if nothing else.

Have you ever met someone and been attracted to him right away? That was the way it was with Thomas. He was taller than me with the same solid build, in his mid-50s. He had male-pattern baldness and the clearest blue eyes I have even looked into. They drew me in immediately -- I couldn't take my eyes off of them. He was charming, friendly and I think we both knew something special was happening immediately.

Let me give you a bit of my background. I'm 58 and my first gay experience was with a much older man at summer camp when I was very young. Before you judge us, let me be clear that I had a terrible crush on him from the moment we met and I had been attracted to men for some time. I knew perfectly well what was happening and I wanted it to happen. 

I had experiences with men and women, was married to a man in grad school and a woman later. I knew by my 40's that I was completely gay and I enjoyed several gay encounters in the ensuing years. While part of me enjoyed my single life another part wanted someone to make my life complete.

Thomas and I hit it off right away. He is in banking and we had a great conversation about that subject and our mutual interests in music and movies. It was a wonderful evening.

I was quite attracted to him and I could tell he liked me as well. He was divorced and I later found out that he had hidden his gay desires for years before finally coming out to his family and beginning his gay life several years before. By the end of the night we realized that we were both gay men.

As we were leaving that Friday night he asked me to come over to his nearby condo for a drink if I was in no hurry to go home. I agreed and he squeezed my hand as we went to our cars and I followed him to his home a few blocks away.

We relaxed with a drink and finally did not have to hide our feelings. Our first kiss was long and tender and I felt myself surrendering in his arms, letting him take the lead. I felt my cock swelling as he tenderly caressed me and led me to the bedroom.

We took our time undressing each other. He had a beautiful long, thick cock and I wasted no time in gently sliding my mouth over the smooth head. He stroked my hair as I slid my mouth down his manhood, getting him hard and ready for sex.

He nestled on top of me, tenderly caressing me as he went down on me. It was so thrilling to feel his tongue expertly work the sensitive underside of my cock and feel his soft chest hair on mine.

I completely surrendered as he slid Vaseline into my ass hole as he got ready to enter me. He slowly slipped his manhood into me as we spooned, all the time whispering to me to help me relax as he slowly filled me. He gathered me in his arms and stroked me as the head of his cock found my button.

His arms were strong and his hands were gentle as his big cock and my ass began to move together. The feeling was wonderful as he slid completely into me. I could feel every bit of the thick head of his cock as he fucked me. Thomas caressed me as I stroked his strong arms, and he softly whispered how hot he was getting. Finally I couldn't hold back any more and came powerfully, feeling my ass hole tighten around his cock. He came too and filled me up with his juice as he cried in pleasure.

And so began the golden years. We have been married for two years and look forward to a happy life together. At last I met the man of my dreams and he makes me so happy to be gay.