 As I pulled up to my residence hall, I sighed loudly. I'd been on the highways all morning, driving up from Jacksonville, FL to Atlanta, GA. My young as hadn't ever driven that kind of distance alone by my excitement had kept me motivated.

I was moving in by myself since my parents worked two jobs and couldn't take off work. Without the additional help, I figured I'd need the entire day to move in so I got on the road early and within four hours, I was on campus getting checked in.

My name is Deon and I'd just gotten to Atlanta around 1PM. Today was move-in for Freshmen at Georgia State University and I was so fucking excited.

"That took forever" I thought to myself as removed my seat belt. I grabbed my phone from the passenger seat, taking a selfie in my car for snapchat so I could send it to let my parents know that I'd made it safely.

I sent the selfie off, and I turned my attention to the crowd of students moving their belongings into the building with their parents. I wondered if any of them were my roommates. Speaking of roommates, I thought to myself" I hope my roommate ain't a weirdo. Hopefully it's a fine nigga though."

I'd heard all a ton of college roommate horror stories from friends that were already in colleges. I didn't have the energy to deal with that shit.

I'd managed to get to the dorm early, so I assumed that I'd get first dibs on everything but when I got up to my dorm room on the third floor, I realized that my roommate had already been here for quite some time.

The left side of the room was already put together - his side of the room had all kinds of posters and he had a ton of Black and Gold decorations, ranging from paddles, photo frames and a Black brick with "06" painted on the side of it.

"He must be a Pittsburgh Steelers fan..." I thought to myself, noticing just how much Black and Gold shit was on his desk and walls. Whatever.

I looked to the right side of the room, which was empty and lifeless. "I guess I should get to decorating." I thought to myself as I began unpacking my things. 

Within three hours, I had everything set up to my liking. My side was cute as fuck. I decided to shower, realizing that I was sweating.

After showering, I put on some grey short shorts and a sweater that I'd cut into a crop top. I went to sit in front of my mirror and take more selfies.

I was in the middle of my photo session when I heard a knock at the door. I got up to open it and stood speechless at the sight. 

Standing before me was the most handsome, thick caramel complected man I'd ever seen. He wasn't much taller than me (he stood about 5'8 compared my short stature of 5'4) but he was thick and muscular, just how I liked my men. He had a crisp haircut and a goatee. He definitely wasn't a freshman. This man was fine. If he wanted this ass today, he could have it! I felt my ass getting wet as I imagined us intertwined in sexual positions.

"Whaddup? I'm Devin, call me Dev though." he said, snapping me out of my daze.

"Nice to meet you, Dev. I'm Deon." I said, sticking my hand out to shake his hand. He immediately pulled me in for a hug, wrapping his muscular arms around me and said 

"Nah, bring it in man!"

I was caught off guard as my face landed directly in-between his muscular pecs. His hands landed right above the small of my waist, sending sparks down my spine and turning me on. I quickly pulled myself away from the hug, not wanting to make any assumptions about him because he was probably just being friendly...

"Haha, okay. Well, you're clearly not a freshman...when did you move in?" I said, turning around and walking to my bed. I felt his eyes on me but maybe I was reaching.

"You're right. I'm a Junior. I'm an Orientation Leader so I got to move in this past week." He said, walking to the center of the room as I sat on my bed, scrolling through my phone.

"Bet..." I said, trying to keep myself busy so I didn't stare. This sexy ass nigga was my roommate...I had to text my friends and tell them that I had a fine ass upperclassmen sleeping across from me. I got so excited that I

almost didn't hear Dev talking to me.

"You managed to finish unpacking?" he asked for the third time.

"Oh, yeah." I said, putting my phone down.

"Could you help me then? I got some more stuff I want to put on my walls but I'm not good with decorating shit. You got your shit set up nicely so I know you're good at this shit." Dev said, as he wiped some sweat from his forehead.

"Um, sure." I said.

"Bruh, it's hot in here. You mind me taking off these shorts? Hell you already practically naked so never mind." he said, answering his own question as he took his basketball shorts, only leaving his white shirt and matching white underwear.

He got down on all fours, and began searching under his bed for something and I just stood in awe as his fat, muscle booty poked out. I may be a bottom but I could also appreciate a fat ass.

Locating whatever he was looking for, he began to come from under his bed. He pulled a Black and Gold chest from under his bed and I rolled my eyes. He was doing the most now with all the Steelers shit.

"You really gonna have all this football shit all over my room? Typical straight nigga shit." I mumbled to myself as he pulled things out.

"What? First off, you don't know me like that to incorrectly assume shit about me. Secondly, this are fraternity items, not football memorabilia." Dev said, mugging me.

I instantly felt stupid.

"My bad! I saw the 06 on everything and I just thought it was Football Stuff since I know the Steelers have similar colors. I clearly don't know anything about sports." I said, embarrassed.

"Or fraternities." He said, laughing.

"Which one are you in?" I asked, trying to change the subject.

"I'm a member of Alpha Phi Alpha." HE said, pulling items out of the chest.

"Oh, cool. Why you staying in a dorm then? Why aren't you staying in your frat's house?" I asked him.

"That's something white fraternities do - have houses. Black fraternities typically don't have them. And before you ask, I don't live with any of my frat brothers because I like my privacy." Dev said.

"That's what's up. So tell me about your fraternity? And why don't you live with them, so you can fuck your hoes in peace?" I said, folding my arms. I could tell he had a lot of hoes so I guess I had to prepare myself to deal with that.

"We're the oldest and coldest fraternity out of the Divine Nine. What else is there to know?" he said.

"Well, I don't know shit about fraternities so whatever. Anyways, I assume you stay on campus so your brothers won't know which hoes you're fucking with?" I said, asking the question again. 

"Nah, I stay on campus cause its free for me and so I can fuck my hoes and niggas in peace." Dev said, sitting on his bed and pulling a lighter and a blunt out of his pocket. He lit it and took two deep puffs, 

"Yo, you smoke?" Dev asked, handing the blunt over to me, pretending that he hadn't just confirmed to me that he fucked around with niggas!

"Wait, you're gay? And we can't smoke in the dorms!" I said, snatching the blunt from his hands and placing it on my desk. Too much was happening and this nigga wasn't getting me kicked out on the first day.

"Chill. My uncle is the resident hall director here. It's why I stay here. And I'm not gay but I fuck with pretty little boys like you all the time. My fraternity brothers don't need to know that so I don't live with them." he said, getting up from his bed and walking over to me.

"Oh, okay. That's what's up..." I said, not sure how I should proceed. I felt blood rushing to my dick as Dev got closer.

"What's wrong, freshman?" Dev said, stepping directly in front of me, forcing me to look up into his eyes. My dick was now hard.

"Why you so close man?" I said, stepping back and falling onto my bed. This nigga hadn't done anything but his energy was so sexual, my body was craving him.

"Cause you feeling me man." he said, smiling as he crawled on top of me on my bed, pinning me down.

" But-" Dev shut me up by placing his juicy pink lips on mine. I didn't resist him, because Dev was right. I wanted him the moment that I saw him. I felt myself letting his tongue slip into my mouth.

Our tongues danced in each other's mouths as I kissed him back, only stopping briefly to remove our clothes.

I'd asked for a chill roommate and instead, I had this fine ass nigga. This is exactly what I needed I thought to myself, as we both lay on my bed naked, grinding our dicks into each other.

"Damn I want yo ass." Dev whispered in my ear before he started licking it.

Luckily, I'd just showered before his arrival so I was ready for his dick. I pushed him off of me and had him lay on his back so I could get a taste of that dick.

He raised his hands behind his head, allowing me to go to work. I began my journey down his body with my tongue circling his nipples and eventually around his muscular chest. 

I licked all the way down his abs, eventually reaching his dick. I stared in awe as his thick dick bobbed in the air. I lifted my head up to start licking his meat. I licked slow up and down his now hard penis holding it at the base. "Don't tease me, nigga. Suck that dick." Dev said.

I started slowly sucking him going down slow, coming up slow. I could tell that I was doing a great job. based on his moans. That just made me want his dick even more.

I stopped sucking his dick and got up. I wanted this nigga to fuck my ass right now! I climbed his body, reached behind me and I grabbed the base of his dick.

He smiled, realizing what was about to happen.

"Sit on it, baby." Dev said, smiling.

His hands held my thighs apart as I eased myself down onto his dick. I instantly felt full as his dick made a home up in my ass. It hurt a bit since the only lube that we'd used was my spit but that wasn't going to stop me from riding his dick.

I felt him bucking up into me, as he tried to fuck up into me. I almost lost it, moving my ass back and forth on dick. His dick was giving me the most intense pleasure ever inside me. Dev started rotating his hips, driving his dick in slow and deep. I met him with each rotation sliding on his dick.

"I wanted to fuck you from the moment you opened the door" he groaned, gripping my ass.

Sweat started to bead up on his chest and forehead as we began to pick up speed. He drove me wild as I moved my ass in sync with his thrusts.

Dev's breathing was getting heavier meaning that he was close to busting his nut. I contracted my ass hole on his dick to give him more pleasure.

"I'm about to nut" he groaned before he shot his load up my ass. The look on his face while he came made me so hot that before I knew it, my dick throbbed and I bust my own nut all over his chest.

"Fuck!" I moaned to myself as we both came down from out sexual high.

Feeling worn out, I collapsed onto Dev, resting my head on his chest. His dick was still hard and lodged up my ass but I was too deep in a state of euphoria to removed it.

"I can see that is gonna be a good semester." Dev whispered in my ear.

"It definitely will." I said, rubbing my head on his chest as I felt him begin to thrust his dick in me again.