 I was horny as any man could ever be. I had been stuck at home for the last few days with a bad case of the flu and was now ready to head back out to have some fun.

Two years earlier, my wife found out about my sexual exploration. I was caught in a compromising situation with another man and word got back to her very quickly. She asked me for a divorce. Nothing was mentioned about why we divorced to our friends. It was a friendly divorce considering the circumstances.

Since then, I had hooked up with both men and women. Mostly going to clubs and parties and hooking up with friends. Tonight, though, I was horny as hell and didn't know of any parties going on. It was a Tuesday night so most of the clubs were not going to be that busy either.

I decided to look on Craigslist for someone. I searched all the ads I could think of, m4m, w4m, mw4m, mm4m. Nothing really caught my attention, so I figured I would place an ad. It was a simple one: Horny divorced male seeking another man for discreet fun. Into oral and possibly more in the future. 

I hit the submit button and waited to see what would happen.

A few minutes later I started getting some responses. The first one was from a man in his 70's looking for someone to suck his cock until he came. Problem was he doesn't get hard. I told him that he was not what I was looking for. 

Then I got the usual responses from people looking for money to get sucked off. I always laughed at these. If I was the one who was going to be getting the other guy off, shouldn't I be the one to get paid? I replied to these that I do not pay for sex.

Then two replies caught my attention. One, John, was a middle aged man who invited me over. He wanted mutual oral fun with possible friendship and future meetings. He said he was 5'9", 183 lbs, with a full head of black hair, muscular build and a 7.5" cock. The other, Michael, was a younger guy looking for his first time with another man. He said he was 6'1", 190lbs, shaved head with tattoos and 8" cock. He wanted to meet up and see if there was a connection before we did anything. They both sent some pictures and sounded like decent people. Now I had to make a decision. 

John lived closer by about 10 minutes, but the thought of breaking in a new guy was what made up my mind. I explained to John my decision and he replied back that he would have done the same thing. He said if it didn't work out, he would still be there and to let him know.

I set up a meet with Michael and headed out. It was now 7:30 and we set up the meet at a bar in a local Chinese restaurant for 8:00. I arrived at 7:50, sat at the bar and ordered a drink. I scanned the small crowd to see if he was there, but I was the only single one there. Everyone else was paired up with a woman. At 8:15, my phone went off. It was Michael. He was too nervous to follow through with it. He said he was at the door and saw me sitting there and his nerves got the best of him so he left. He did say that he paid the front counter for my drink before he let for my troubles. I told him that was not necessary and if he ever changed his mind to let me know. I checked with the bartender to make sure my drink was paid for. It was so I gave him a generous tip and headed out to my car. 

"I knew I should have gone to the other guy's house," I said to myself as I started the car. Even though he said to come over if something happened, I felt odd messaging him after turning him down. As I was about to drive off, my phone went off again. It was John asking how things were going and telling me his offer was still open if I wanted it.

I replied that the other guy changed his mind and I was going by his area on the way home so if he really did want to meet, I was open to swinging by. John quickly sent me his address and said he would be waiting.

I pulled into his driveway about 10 minutes later and looked at the house. It was a decent home, nothing too fancy with a small yard. There was a long driveway going to his home with woods around so nosy neighbors would not be a problem. I got out of my car and was walking to the door when I heard a voice from behind the house. "Over here," he called. I jumped little and walked over to the back of the house. Here was John, sitting in a large swing, already naked waiting for me. He was playing with caressing his cock as it hung between his legs. I walked over and he reached out to shake my hand. 

"How's it going?" he asked me. "So the kid chickened out?"

"Yeah. I was nervous the first time I met someone online too." I said as I shook his hand. He had a nice firm grip which made me wonder what it would feel like wrapped around my cock.

"Sit down and take a load off," he said motioning to the spot next to him on the swing.

"Take a load off or get a load off?" I asked jokingly pointing out his nakedness. 

He laughed. "I like to hang out in the nude when I'm alone. Strip down and join me. We both know why you are here and it's going to happen sooner or later anyway."

It was a good point. I kicked off my shoes and took my shirt off. As I went to unbutton my shorts, he reached over and took care of it for me. "Let me help," he said. A minute later, my 6' body was standing there naked in front of him. 

He reached out again but instead of shaking my hand, he grabbed my cock and pulled me closed to the swing. "Have a seat now. Can I get you a drink?"

"Depends on what you have to offer me?" I said as I reached over and played with his cock a little. 

"Anything your little heart desires," he said.

We sat there for a couple of minutes making small talk that neither one of us really cared about. The whole time we were playing with each other getting our cocks harder by the minute. Finally I got up and kneeled in front of him. I placed one hand under his balls as the other aimed his cock at my mouth. He moaned as I played with his balls. I licked the top of his cock and twirled my tongue around his head. Then I started to lick up and down the length of his cock as he moaned even more. When his cock was wet from my tongue bath, I engulfed the whole thing at once. His moan got loader and he rubbed the back of my head. 

"Boy, I am so glad the other guy didn't work out," he said as he started to swing.

I used his swinging to help me give him his blowjob. I went slowly at first but as he picked up the pace of the swinging, I sucked him harder and harder, fondling his balls at the same time. I was starting to get a little sloppy with my mouth too. I made sure his cock and balls were getting soaked from my mouth. I wanted to taste him so bad, but I wanted this to last for a while. 

Finally I pulled off him and stood up. My own 7" cock was standing at full mast and he looked at it just as hungry as I was for his. I moved closer to him as he reached out with his tongue. I already had a couple of drops of pre cum on the head and he licked it off, sticking his tongue in the opening of my cock. It felt amazing. He did the same to me as I did to him, fondling my balls as he washed my cock with his tongue. Then he started licking my balls, one at a time. The feeling was just was I was looking for tonight. He tongues my balls for a while and then he first sucked one in and then switched to the other, all the while slowly moving his hand up and down my cock. After a couple of minutes, he opened his mouth wide and sucked both of my swollen globes into his mouth at once. The pressure hurt a little but the pleasure I was getting was better than the pain. Finally after he sucked them to the point where I was going to fall over, he let them fall out of his mouth and went to work on my cock. Like me, he wasn't afraid to be sloppy with his sucking. With my cock and balls both wet from his mouth, he started playing with my balls, rubbing them and trying to rub behind them with his finger. He started swinging harder on the swing and used that to suck on my cock. The swing would pull him off my cock and then as he got closer to me, his mouth would be open and my cock would go into his mouth. This went on for a few minutes. A couple of times, I would lean forward and my cock would hit the back of his throat. He would make a little gagging sound and then the swing would pull him away. Finally I backed away and slowed his swinging down. I wanted his cock in my mouth again. 

John stood up and motioned me to the back deck. I looked up and saw a hot tub above me so I went upstairs with him. I climbed into the tub while John went in the house for a couple of beers. When he came out he put the drinks down and climbed in with me. He sat on the edge of the tub and I moved over to suck on his cock again. I worked his cock and balls over with my mouth and tongue, sucking the now large purple head in and teasing it for a few minutes before stopping and playing with his balls some more. Finally I stopped and moved away from him to get my beer he brought out for me. 

When I reached over to the table, I felt John behind me rubbing my ass with his cock. Although I had been fucked before, I was not ready for it tonight. I shook my head no and I heard him pout. "Are you sure?"

"Not tonight," I said. Maybe next time we meet. I reached behind me and grabbed his cock. He reached in front of me and grabbed mine with the grip he had earlier when he shook my hand. He quickly swung me around and started fondling me balls again. He kept rubbing them with his hand while one finger would rub behind the balls, slowly reaching for my ass. I figured I would let him finger me tonight, but I was not going to let him fuck me. He sucked my cock as he worked my balls and rubbed my asshole with his finger. I reached out and started jerking him off underwater. 

John got back up on the side of the hot tub and pointed his cock at my face. I sensed he was ready so I moved over and started sucking him down, more forcefully than before. I used my tongue and rubbed the underside of his cock as I sucked and swallowed his member. Using his method, I played with his balls and rubbed behind them with my fingers. John grabbed the back of my head and started to help me go up and down on his cock. Finally he pushed down on my head so his cock was in my throat. I felt the first of his load go shooting down my throat. His cock was pulsing and shooting out ropes of cum. I kept swallowing as fast as I could. Finally, he let go of my head and I moved up to the head of his cock, still not letting it fall out of my mouth. I sucked the last of his cum out of his cock and gently continued to move my head up and down. Slowly sucking until his balls were completely drained.

"Wow," he said. "The way you sucked me completely dry, that felt like a vacuum."

I just smiled as I reached down to rub myself. I was still hard as hell and it wasn't going to take me long to shoot.

"Let's switch places and I'll finish you off," John said as he got into the water. I sat on the side of the tub and he pulled me to the very edge. Then he started going down on me as he again started to rub my hole. It felt amazing as he sucked and teased my cock. Finally, John stuck a finger inside me. Not too rough but not exactly gently. It made me jump a little and my cock went down his throat. He held me there as he started moving his finger around, hitting just the right spot.

"Oh boy," I said. "Here it comes!" John started swallowing on my cock as I shot. Stream after stream of my hot cum shot down his throat. He kept swallowing and fingering my hole. When I was done, he pulled his finger out, but kept sucking on my cock head. He pushed his tongue in my cock hole again and licked off all the remained. 

"Wow, that was great." I said.

"You tasted wonderful. Hope you didn't mind my finger?" John asked.

"No that's fine. I just don't like to fuck on the first meet." I answered hoping he would get the hint.

"What about the second?"

"That may work. I hate to leave so quickly but I should get going. Send me a message when you're free and let's try and meet again." We swapped contact information as we finished our beer. I went downstairs to get dressed and headed out. 

When I got home, I checked my emails and there were a few more responses to my ad. "Shit, I forgot to take it down." I said to myself.

I took my ad down and then looked at some more of the replies. Some sounded decent. I replied to them, apologizing for not taking the ad down but asking them if they wanted to meet another day or time.

Then another email popped up. It was from John:

"Had a great time. Sorry you had to rush off. I wanted to discuss something with you. Having a party next Wednesday. 15-20 guys usually come over. Men over 30 pay $10 for condoms, lube and poppers. This way the ones under 30 can have a nice free night out. Do whatever you want with whoever you want. No pressure. Anyone tries to force themselves on someone not interested is asked to leave and never invited over again. If interested, let me know and I will send over details." 

My cock started getting hard instantly as I read this. I only sent one word. "Yes"

To be continued...