 To get to the nearest mailbox, I had to go through a small park. It was just a community park used by most of the young mothers to walk their children and let them play in the playground. I had been through the park many times before and had seen others using it often. This day, I noticed a young man shooting hoops all alone on the concrete court. I didn’t pay too much attention to him but when I came back after mailing my letters, he was still there.

It was a warm day in early spring and it felt good to be out in the sun for a change. I decided to sit and maybe soak up some of the rays, so I sat down on the picnic table and leaned back, closing my eyes, lifting my face towards the sun. I don’t know how long I sat there before I heard footsteps in the grass beside me. I opened my eyes and there was the young man who had been playing ball standing looking at me.

“Hi,” I said after I got used to the glare of the sun.

“Hey,” he answered. “Getting some sun?”

“Yes, it feels so good after a long winter. I thought I’d just sit here and soak up some rays for a while.”

“Mind if I join you?” he asked, indicating that he would like to sit down beside me.

“Sure, I don’t mind.”

He sat down right beside me, his thigh almost touching mine.

“What’s your name?” I asked.

“Stanley,” he answered, “but most people just call me Stan.”

“Hey Stan, I’m RC,” I said, turning towards him a little. “You play ball here often?”

“Just when I can,” he said. “I come mostly on Fridays because I get out of school early and I don’t like sitting around the house that much.”

“What grade are you in?” I asked.

“Just finishing my first year of university.”

“Oh, and what are you taking?”

“Physical Therapy,” he said, moving his leg until it touched mine. “I love the human body and I wanted to get into training rooms where I can help athletes.”

“That’s great,” I said, noticing that his leg was pushing against mine more and more.

As we talked, he rested his hand lightly on my knee at first then started to slowly move it up my leg. I let him, not knowing what I would say anyway. Soon his hand was right next to my crotch. He gently rubbed his hand across me and my semi-erect cock hardened even more. He noticed it as his hand moved across me again and he smiled at me.

I quickly looked around to see if anyone was watching us and I noticed one woman staring straight at us.

“That woman over there is watching us, Stan,” I said thinking he would take his hand away.

He looked around at her and then back at me, his hand still rubbing gently across my now straining cock.

“It’s ok. That is only the lady that lives with us. She has the bottom floor of our place.”

He was getting bolder as he squeezed my cock through my pants.

“Stan, I don’t think this is a good idea, especially out here in the open,” I said, moving his hand away from my erection.

He looked around again and then back at me.

“If you’re interested, I know where it is more private. It’s not very far from here. Want to come with me?”

How could I refuse? Here was a young, good looking man asking me if I wanted to follow him somewhere so he could play with my cock. My head took over and of course, I said yes.

We walked down into a wooded area and had to go single file through the outer brush. As I followed him, I watched his ass move and I could see how firm it was and my mind started to think about fucking it. After a few minutes, he stopped.

“Here we are. This is private and few people know about it,” he said as he put the ball in his hands down and turned around to face me.

I looked around and it was pretty densely covered.

“Are you sure not many people know about this place?” I asked.

“Yes, just a few of my friends know about it, that’s all,” he said, moving closer to me and reaching out to grab my still straining cock.

I stood still and let him rub my erection, not saying a word but staring into my face, watching me. After a few minutes, he stepped back and reached down to his zipper, slowly pulling it down.

“I want you to see my cock,” he said as he reached into his pants and fished around to pull himself out into the open. “I want you to see my cock and then I want to feel your hot mouth around it.”

I watched him for a second then said, “Why don’t you just take your shorts off?”

He looked at me and smiled. He had on one of those types of shorts that reached his knees, like most of the kids these days wore. He pulled them down to reveal a hard, straining cock. He groaned softly when it came out of his shorts into the warm air and I moved closer to him, reaching out and grabbing hold of him. He groaned at my touch.

“Oh yes, that feels good,” he said. “Your hand is so warm and it is making me so hard.”

We stood there for a few minutes as I massaged him, our breath starting to quicken in excitement. 

“Please, put me in your mouth,” he finally pleaded. “I want your hot mouth around my cock.”

I looked down at his cock in my hand and leaned over, pulling it to my open mouth. He groaned when I flicked my tongue across his slit, wiping the precum from between the skin. I ran my tongue around his head and under the crown before starting to lick down his shaft. He held onto my head as I licked up to his head again, then took all of him into my mouth, sucking on it noisily.

“Oh yeah, man. That feels so good,” he panted as I sucked him a little harder.

“Make me come in your mouth,” he said, holding my head a little tighter against himself. “I want to feel my come spurting into your mouth.”

All this talk of his was making me want it more and more. I was horny to begin with but hearing him pleading with me to make him come, was having an exciting effect on me. I continued sucking him and reached under his shaft to caress his balls while I sucked him. He groaned again, only this time, it was louder than before. I quickly stood up and looked at him.

“Don’t make so much noise,” I said looking around to see if anyone was there.

“I’m sorry,” he said. “It’s just that your mouth felt so good around my cock, I couldn’t help myself.”

We stood looking at each other for a few minutes.

“Please suck me again,” he finally said. “I promise I’ll be more quiet this time.”

I leaned down and took him into my mouth again and started gently sucking him. It wasn’t long before I could feel his balls grow tighter in my hand and felt the first throes of his come cross my tongue, sliding it’s way down my throat. I sucked harder as he spewed his hot come into me and I swallowed as fast as I could, not wanting to lose any of it. After a few minutes, he stopped spurting and I slowly pulled him out of me. I stood up and he had his eyes closed but there was a funny look on his face.

“You ok?” I asked.

“Why wouldn’t I be?” he said. “That was the best blow I’ve ever had.”

“I enjoyed it too,” I said, smiling at him. “Your come has a special sweet taste to it and I wouldn’t mind tasting it again and again.”

“Any time you want, my cock is all yours,” he replied, smiling back at me.

I was curious.

“How often do you do this?” I asked.

He looked down and I could see his face get a little red.

“Not that often,” he said. “Just once in a while with a buddy.”

“Really? And where is your buddy?”

“He’s still in class but he should be along anytime now.”

“What about you? How often do you do this?” he asked, looking, no, searching my face for an answer.

“Just like you, not very often but I enjoy the taste of come every now and then and I wouldn’t mind tasting yours again, if you like.”

“What about you?” he asked again, reaching over and rubbing my crotch. “Do you like to have your cock sucked?”

“Yeah, I do but there’s something I like better,” I answered. 

“What’s that?”

I looked him straight in the eye and smiled.

“Have you ever had a hard cock up your ass?”

“Well, my buddy and me have tried it once or twice but just so our cock head is just inside us, not all the way up our ass.”

I couldn’t help myself.

“Would you like to feel my hard cock fill up your ass?” I asked him.

“I don’t know,” he said as he looked down at the bulge in my pants his hand was still rubbing.

“Maybe this will make up your mind for you,” I said as I stepped back and unzipped my pants, pulling them down quickly and stepping out of them.

He was staring at the bulge in my underwear as I slowly lowered them to reveal my length and hardness to him. I could see in his eyes that he wanted it very badly but was a little afraid.

“Its’ ok. It won’t hurt that much,” I said, moving closer to him. “All you have to do is relax and do what I tell you and you’ll enjoy it very much.”

He grinned at me.

“Ok, but only if you stop if I tell you to.”

“I will, don’t worry. I don’t want to hurt you, I want to fuck you.”

I turned him around and told him to bend over and grab his knees. He did slowly and I got my first glimpse of his hole as I spread his cheeks apart. I leaned forward and flicked the tip of my tongue against his hole, making him jump a little. I then ran the flat of my tongue up and down the entire length of his crack, tasting his hole and smelling his aroma. He groaned softly as I did and I pushed my tongue against his opening. He reached around and spread his cheeks open for me. I started sucking on him, licking up and down his crack, pushing my tongue against his hole harder. He was groaning louder now as I continued.

“Stan,” I said. “Don’t make so much noise.”

“Sorry,” I heard him say. “I’ll try to be more quiet.”

I continued sucking his ass hole until I felt it was wet enough. I stood up and pointed my head at his hole and pushed against it. At first, nothing happened. I pushed a little harder and my head popped into him. He yelled out in pain but didn’t tell me to stop. I pushed harder and soon I was sliding up his canal as he panted in front of me, still holding onto his knees but I could see his eyes were closed as he endured the full length of my cock entering his ass. 

Finally I reached the end of his canal and stopped to wait for him.

“You ok, Stan?”

After a little hesitation, he answered he was.

“Ok, take a deep breath,” I told him and I felt him inflate his lungs as fully as he could, then blow it out again. I placed my hands around his hips and held him tightly in place. 

“You sure you’re ok, Stan?” I asked again.

“Yes, I’m sure,” he answered as he pushed back against me.

I slowly started to withdraw myself from him but stopped when only my head was inside him. I then pushed myself back up into him fully, this time not stopping. I could hear him breathing heavily as I started to slowly thrust in and out of him.

“How does that feel?” I asked him as I continued.

“Great,” he managed to say with a little effort. “Keep fucking me.”

I sped up a little and leaned back so I could thrust straighter in and out of him. He groaned when I did and one of his hands slipped off his knee, making him fall forward onto the ground. My cock popped out of him as he fell and I waited for him to tell me he was ok.

“Sorry,” he said, looking up over his shoulder at me. “My hand slipped.”

Without a word, I lowered myself down behind him and thrust my hips forward, sending my hard cock deep inside him again. He groaned and I started to fuck him with steady, long thrusts.

“Oh man, that feels great,” I heard him say. “You cock sure fills my ass up. I want to feel you come inside me.”

I sped up again and my balls slapped against his ass, making a sharp clap as I thrust even faster in and out of him. His canal was so hot and tight, I wasn’t sure how long I was going to last. I could feel the tingle in my balls starting to build but I didn’t have a chance to come. Just then, I heard a noise in the bushes behind me. I stopped and listened. There it was again. Someone was watching us.

“Stan,” I whispered. “I think someone is watching us.”

We quickly jumped up and looked around. My cock was softening as we stood and listened for any noise but he reached out and started to caress it, trying to keep it hard. After a few minutes, he looked at me and we both shrugged our shoulders.

I watched him get back down on the ground. Over his shoulder he said, “Come on. Finish fucking me. I want to feel you come inside me.”

I got down behind him and thrust into him again, sending him forward as I thrust hard. He groaned as I hit the end of his canal.

“Fuck, that feels good. I want your hot come deep inside my ass,” he said, breathing heavily again.

I realized that this young man was enjoying it as much as I was so I tried to hurry. I pounded in and out of him until I came deep up his canal, washing his walls with my come. He groaned when he felt my cock spurt its load into him, warming his ass. I thrust a few more times, then held myself still against him as I emptied my balls. Finally, I finished and slowly pulled out of him with a slight pop. He didn’t move, for a minute. By the time he did, my come was running down his leg, pooling under him.

He slowly lowered himself to the ground and rolled over onto his back.

“That was great,” he said. “Your cock was so hard inside me. I can still feel you fucking me.”

I just smiled at him as I leaned back on my haunches. Neither of us said anything for a long time. We just relished the feeling we were having but then I heard a noise again. Stan heard it too and sat up abruptly. He put a finger to his lips to tell me to keep quiet while we listened and waited. Finally, after a minute, we heard it again. It was a groan. Stan smiled when he heard it. He looked at me and with the smile still on his face, he said, “I bet I know who that is.”

“Hey Joe, is that you?” he called out.

No one answered for a moment then I heard a soft, yes, coming from the trees behind me.

“It’s ok,” Stan said. “It’s my buddy from school.”

He got to his knees and called out again.

“Joe, come here.”

I heard a rustle behind me and another young man, about the same size as Stan, appeared from in the trees. His pants were off and I could see the come on the end of his head. He had a sheepish look on his face as he slowly walked towards us.

“Sorry man. I didn’t mean to scare you. Watching you fuck Stan’s ass was so arousing, I just had to get off.”

I looked up at the young man’s face and he was staring at my crotch. I looked over at Stan and he had a big grin on his face.

“You’re wondering how it felt to have a hard cock up your ass, weren’t you?” he asked the other young man.

The other youngster just nodded. I call him youngster because both of them were quite a big younger than me and they had long hard cocks, just the type that made my mouth water. Stan motioned Joe over to himself and pulled the young man’s cock to his mouth, immediately engulfing it, noisily sucking on it. I watched his tongue circle its head and run under the crown before taking all of it into his mouth, bobbing slightly as the other young man thrust his hips back and forth slowly. They both started to groan as they continued and I moved up behind the young man, reaching out and spreading his cheeks apart.

He froze when he felt my finger probing his ass hole.

“Don’t worry, I won’t hurt you,” I whispered into his ear. “Just relax and take a deep breath.”

He did as I said and I pushed my finger up into him until my knuckle was resting against his opening. He groaned once and then I felt his ass go slack as he relaxed. I could hear Stan still sucking his cock so I started finger fucking his ass at the same time. Now the youngster was groaning louder and pushing back against my finger. 

After a few more minutes of frenzied action, Stan suddenly stood up and looked at the other young man.

“You want to feel a hard cock in your ass?” he asked him.

The young hesitated for a moment then said, “Yes, I want to feel a hard cock in my ass. Will you fuck me?”

Stan smiled at him and turned him around, making me pull my finger out of his ass quickly. He then pushed the young man over and told him to grab his knees. When the young man was ready, Stan pushed his head against his opening and before they realized it, Stan was sliding his hard cock up into the young man’s ass.

Stan reached the end of the young man’s canal and stopped, holding himself against his ass.

“You ready, Joe?” he asked.

I heard a muffled and weak, yes.

Stan started fucking Joe with short quick thrusts as I sat on the ground and watched the two of them. Soon, I could hear Stan’s balls slapping against Joe’s ass every time he thrust into him. He slowed down a bit and started taking long, steady thrusts until he finally came with a loud grunt as Joe groaned underneath him. They stood there as Stan finished emptying his balls into Joe before they parted, Stan’s cock sliding out of Joe noiselessly. His come started coming after his cock and was running down Joe’s legs, 

as he straightened up and looked around at the two of us, a big grin on his face.

“That was great. I never thought it would feel so good having a hard cock up my ass and feeling it explode inside me.”

I cleared my throat as the two young men looked at each other, big grins on their faces. They both looked at me as I stood up, reaching for my pants.

“You’re not leaving, are you?” Stan asked as I pulled my pants up.

“Yes, I have to go but I’d like to see both of you again, if that’s alright with you.”

“Like I said before, any time,” Stan beamed at me as I turned to leave. “When would you like to meet us?”

“Whenever you want,” I answered.

“Tomorrow?”

“Sure, what time?”

“How about the same time.”

“Ok, I’ll see you both then,” I said over my shoulder as I pushed my way through the trees. As I walked away, I heard one of they, squeal with delight and I found myself thinking about their firm asses and tomorrow. I knew this was a community park but now I knew just possibly, that is was going to be quite a lot of fun exploring the two young men’s bodies in the future and I smiled to myself as I walked along.