 Due to a good bit of very positive feedback, I've written the second installment of my relationship with my sex buddy, Tex. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing and experiencing it! As previously stated, I welcome feedback and if you happen to be in west central Texas, and are looking for a new sex friend, let's get in touch soon!

*

After my initial meeting with Tex, we both decided that we wanted more...much more, and the sooner the better! My work schedule at the time was very flexible, and I did a lot of projects from home, so I had a lot of time available during the day. He was the boss at his workplace, so he was often available for "extended lunches" and could come to my place for a fun afternoon. I was very excited to see him again, and managed to set up another meeting a few days later.

I decided to surprise Tex, and do something different; when he called to tell me he would be there in a few minutes, I stripped and got ready to answer the door completely nude. My cock, already semi-erect from anticipation, was now rock hard and ready to play. The doorbell rang, and I checked the peephole, as I didn't want to surprise the UPS man by mistake! Sure enough, Tex was standing there, and I opened the door and stood behind it, ushering him inside.

"Hey, WOW, I didn't expect this! Man, you look hot, never had anyone answer the door for me naked before," he managed to get out. He was almost struck speechless because I was already on my knees in the hallway, rubbing the bulge in his dress pants, feeling how hard he was. He looked down at me and smiled, giving me the silent go-ahead to continue the task I was happily performing. I fondled his bulge, feeling his cock grow stiff before me, then undid his belt and dropped the pants to a puddle at his feet. His cock was already tenting out his briefs, and I began to lick and kiss his stiff penis as I massaged his ass cheeks.

Tex moaned his approval, and I saw his erection outlined in light, see-through white where I had licked him. I couldn't wait any longer, and judging by his moans, neither could he, so I yanked his shorts down to join his pants. His stiff cock bobbed before me now, begging to be sucked, and I immediately obliged it. Taking the head in my mouth, I moaned softly and sank slowly down his shaft, until his fur was tickling my nose. I did this for a few minutes before Tex pulled me off, telling me he wanted to do much more before he shot his load. Reluctantly, I pulled my mouth off his penis and rose to my feet.

He grinned and reached down to untie and remove his shoes, then finished stripping for me, his clothes tossed casually onto the couch. I asked him if he wanted to continue on the couch, or if he would be more comfortable upstairs in bed. He said the bed would be better, and we turned and walked up the stairs, our erections leading the way. He paused to comment on how nice my ass was, and reached out and gave it a playful squeeze and a smack. Very quickly, we were in the bedroom.

Anticipating some bedroom action, I had already pulled the comforter off the bed and arranged things so we would be comfortable. Tex lay down in the center of the bed, and I joined him. Before I could do anything else, he asked me to lie beside him, and he moved to get on top of me. I was surprised by this, as I was committed to giving him another world-class blowjob, but it seemed he had other ideas. I was pleased, and waited to see what he wanted to do. I didn't have to wait long!

Tex nudged my legs apart as I lay spread-eagle on the bed, then got between my legs and moved forward, placing his stiff cock on top of mine, then settling his weight down on top of me. He then began to nuzzle my neck; this was very unusual to me, as I had never had it done to me by another man before, and it was a bit unsettling, but I decided to go with it and see what would happen. I felt him kissing my neck, moving upward, and then it hit me -- another man was going to kiss me! Did I want this to happen? I wasn't sure about that, but I was sure about one thing -- this was totally hot, and I was not about to stop it now!

Sure enough, as our hot cocks were grinding together, getting slippery with precum, I felt his lips graze mine. I honestly didn't know what to do, so I just thought "Oh, what the hell, when in Rome, do as the Romans do," and opened my mouth to kiss him back. For several minutes, we kissed and moaned, cocks rubbing together, and I moved my hands to grab his ass and pulled him into me. We continued to kiss, our tongues dueling wetly in each others' mouths, and then I finally could take no more. I rolled Tex onto his back, broke the kiss, and told him to relax as I had work to do.

I moved my mouth to his left nipple and began to suck. He moaned his approval, and I felt him reach around behind me and rub my ass cheek. After a few minutes, I moved to the other nipple and gave it the same treatment, then moved south towards his raging cock. I kissed the head of his dick, tasting his precum, and then slowly slid my mouth down his shaft. He groaned at how good it felt, and told he had been looking forward to this very much. He reached underneath me and gently rubbed my cock while I sucked him. I worked him for a few moments, and then changed positions.

Moving between his spread legs now, I began to lick and suck on his balls. Tex clearly loved this, and put his fingers in my hair, pulling my face into his sack. I licked and sucked for some time, and then he began to jack his cock. I backed up a bit, and watched him pump his dick, moving faster and faster as I occasionally flicked my tongue over his balls. "Are you going to come soon?" I asked.

Nodding his head, Tex continued to pump his cock. I moved so that my mouth was just above the head of his dick, in eager anticipation of the flood that was soon to erupt. His balls were heavy, and I knew he had saved a good load for me; from the look of his cock, I would be getting that load any second! I licked his head a little, urging him to come for me and give me my reward.

With a huge groan, Tex began to shoot his hot load. I immediately covered the head with my mouth, so as not to waste a drop of his hot sperm. He pumped about six strong shots of cum into my mouth, and I kept swallowing it as he continued to shoot. Finally, he was spent, and his dick began to deflate in my mouth. I gave his cock a kiss, and then rolled off him and onto my back.

While he recovered, I began to play with my cock and my nipples. Tex watched me for a moment, and then moved down to take my cock into his mouth. I pulled my hand away and let him suck me for a few minutes. We were both enjoying it, and he tasted a lot of my precum, but I decided it was time for me to orgasm. I reached down to play with my cock again, and he pulled his mouth away and knelt on the bed, showing that his cock was beginning to stiffen up again. I didn't have to ask this time, as he moved to what would be a continuing pattern for us during our entire relationship. He moved towards me, his cock still dripping sperm, and my mouth opened to receive him. He placed his cock at my lips, and I eagerly licked up the remaining sperm, and then covered his cock with my mouth. He got a bit stiffer, though not completely hard, and the room was filled with the wet sounds of my mouth on my lover's penis. He reached down to play with my tits, and it didn't take long from there. Mere moments later, I shot a geyser of cum all over my cock, and groaned as much as I could with his cock inside my throat. Tex pulled his cock out, and then moved to clean my cock.

When I looked at the clock, I discovered we had been having sex for an hour and a half, and Tex needed to get back to work. We went back downstairs and talked while he dressed. A hug and a kiss later, and he was out the door, with an open invitation for more of the same as soon as we could set it up. I went back upstairs and took a hot shower, savoring the lingering taste of his cum in my mouth.

*

Thanks for the feedback on the initial part of this story, I greatly appreciate it! I'd love to hear what you think of this one, and if you'd like to read more.