 In the spring of 2000, I was 39, a normal married bisexual guy living in a large metro area in Kentucky. I was looking for a bi playmate, a fuck buddy if you will, someone who I could enjoy having guy sex with on a regular basis. I was hoping to find someone around my age and size, someone who enjoyed being sucked as much as I enjoyed sucking, and someone who would enjoy trying other sexual adventures. As luck would have it, I managed to find a really good friend.

His real name doesn't matter, but he went by the nickname Tex. I found him quite by accident, while searching a local Yahoo bi men's group. He happened to be on IM, and I sent him a message telling him I thought his profile picture was hot, and wondering what he might be looking for; we had a nice conversation, and agreed that we might be a good find for each other. We agreed to meet that afternoon at a local mall, to see what might develop.

I arrived early, and waited for Tex to show. He wound up being fifteen minutes late, and I was about to leave when he came to my table. We shook hands heartily, and got to know each other a little better. After a half hour of conversation, it was obvious that we were both quite horny, and I was sporting wood in my jeans thinking about having sex with him. We decided that we should take our conversation further, and he agreed to follow me to my nearby apartment. My mind was whirling with possibilities, and I could feel precum leaking into my shorts.

Once inside, we sat down in the living room for a few moments and chatted. I decided to break the ice, and asked him if I could see the cock that had gotten me so hot from his profile. He stood up and began to undress, and asked me to do the same. Silently, we stripped ourselves, and then we were both finally naked. My cock was stiff, and so was his, and he began to stroke it while I watched. I asked if I could take some photos, having just recently bought a digital camera. He agreed, and sat back on my couch, stroking his erection. He was about the same size as me, six inches cut, but very thick and with hot low-hanging balls. I took several pics of him stroking, then could wait no longer.

I put the camera beside him, hoping he would take some "action shots" for me, and knelt down between his legs. He spread wide for me, gripped his cock and pointed it directly at my mouth, a large drop of precum now forming at the tip of his cock. I leaned down and kissed the head of his cock, tasting his precum on my lips, and then slowly sucked his cock into my waiting mouth. He moaned very loudly at this, and picked up the camera to start taking photos. I began to worship his cock, taking long, slow licks up and down his shaft, then teasing the head with my lips and tongue. He took several pics, and then ran his hands through my hair, pulling my mouth further down on his hard cock. 

Slowly, I moved my mouth back down his shaft, then moved lower to lick his balls. I savored the feeling of licking his sack, hefting each of his balls with my tongue, tasting them, and kissing them as I licked. Tex moaned and told me he loved having his balls licked, and asked me to keep going. I did, and spent a good few minutes licking and sucking them some more. As I licked, I looked up and saw Tex pulling on his stiff nipples, eyes closed, enjoying what I was doing to him. I stopped licking his balls, then licked my way back up the shaft, and continued up his chest until I reached his nipples. Moving his left hand off his stiff tit, I enveloped it in my mouth and began sucking, then reached down and began to rub his hot cock.

Tex moaned even louder, and held my head to his chest, urging me to suck and bite his nipples. I did, switching back from one to the other, doing to him what I enjoy having done to me. I kept stroking his hard cock, feeling the precum flowing heavily now, and decided it was time to finish the job. I left his nipples, and watched his fingers go back to pulling on them, then moved my mouth back over his dick, feeling him pulse in my mouth.

He let out a longer moan that he was going to cum, and then began pumping his hot cock into my mouth. I kept sucking hard, urging him to orgasm in my hungry mouth. Finally, he began shooting hot streams of thick sperm into my mouth, begging me to drink it all. I was just as eager to take it as he was to give it, and I drank every drop of his fluid. Finally, he was spent. Gently, I took my mouth off his deflating cock, and licked up the cream clinging to his shaft and the rest that had dripped onto his balls.

While he recovered, I sat down beside him and began to stroke my hard dick. He looked over at me and thanked me for the best blowjob he'd ever had, and I smiled at the nice comment. He asked what he could do for me, and I motioned to my cock. Taking his cue, he began working his mouth over my stiff rod, taking me deeply as I had done to him. I enjoyed his mouth for a few minutes, and then asked if he would do me a favor. Nodding yes, he then pulled off my cock and waited for my request.

I told him that I loved having my nipples played with, and that I really love having a cock in my mouth while I jacked off. He agreed to that, and we moved to a position where his soft penis would just enter my mouth. I could still taste cum, so I eagerly licked him while he played with my stiff nipples. The heat of it all, his cock back in my mouth, and his hands plucking my nipples, combined to get me to orgasm quickly, and I shot a huge load all over my cock and hands. He returned the same favor to me, and cleaned the spent cum up with the most handy object, his tongue. 

We cleaned up and got dressed, and briefly chatted. We agreed that it had been great for both of us, and that we both wanted to do it again soon. This turned out to be the start of a seven-year friendship, which included lots of hot sex in various combinations. We wound up doing some threesomes and foursomes with some other guys we met together, and had several memorable threesomes with my wife. I would love to detail those experiences for you, if feedback indicates you would like to read them. Let me know, and if you're in west central Texas and need a buddy, drop me a line!