 Cade couldn't believe what was happening, here he was mouth open salivating over Mr. Waters 9 inch, thick cock. He licked his lips lifted his right hand and gripped the base getting a firm grasp. He could feel Mr. Waters pulse throbbing through the thickness. Mr. Waters or shall I say Kip rested his hand on top of Cade's head, firmly applying pressuring. Cade couldn't wait any longer he slowly started to move his head toward Kip's groin. Cade slowly began to lick up and down savoring this new found taste of man.

 It all began with a new neighbor moving next door to him. He stepped out into the fresh morning air to notice a new truck parked next door with a bunch of boxes and furniture in the back. He began to grow curious with who his new neighbor might be. Cade hoped it would be a hottie around his age, hell he would even accept a cougar he just needed some company. Cade finally moved back to the area where he grew up and went to school. He just finished a tour of studying abroad so he was in desperate need for female companionship, or even a new guy pal to chill and go out drinking with.

 Just then he heard a faint hello. Cade looked to his left to be greeted by a familiar face. It was his old gym coach and defensive backs coach in high school, Mr. Waters. "Hey there Cade, it's been a few years hasn't it?"

 "Hey there Coach how's it going? It sure has been a minute" Cade responded feeling a slight sense of joy with seeing an old mentor.

 "So you're my new neighbor?" He asked.

 "Yes sir, needed a change of scenery after the wife left" Mr. Waters answered as he returned to unpacking his truck. "Would you like any help unloading the cargo? I'm free all day so I don't mind lending a hand especially for an old friend" He offered trying to be friendly.

 Mr. Waters agreed happily telling Cade that afterwards he would return the favor with a few beers. Cade helped his former coach with unpacking his furniture and stuff. Cade had never been inside the house so he began to notice that the house was a lot bigger inside than it looked. "Damn this is a bigger area than I thought"

 "Yeah it's a nice place, snatched it for a steal, hopefully I won't get to lonely here but hey I need a fresh start" Mr. Waters replied noticing he was talking so he apologized.

 "Its OK coach I couldn't even imagine going through that kind of thing. Well if you ever need an ear or a workout partner I'm just 20 feet away. So how about that beer?" Cade laughed.

 "Oh yeah I owe you a cold one for all the help you gave me. Would have taken me hours to unload all of that luggage" Mr. Waters said as he went to the fridge to return with 2 beers. "So what have you been up to?" Mr. Waters asked as he opened their beers and handed one to Cade.

 Cade then described the past few years of his life. He also explained that he was taking a break and just relaxing back in his old town. Mr. Waters asked if he lived alone, Cade responded that he did but he preferred it that way.

 After 3 beers for the both of them the conversation became looser. "So as I remember you were quite the ladies' man in high school. I always wondered why you didn't go to state for Football" Mr. Waters said sitting up in his chair.

 "Well I lost interest in it after senior year and wanted to pursue physical therapy or human biology. Still haven't really decided what I want to do, I guess that's why I'm taking a break." Cade slurred but tried to sound professional

 "Oh you could have been great, but hey follow your heart son." Mr. Waters replied tapping Cade's leg.

 "So I told you about me now tell me about you Mr. Waters?" Cade questioned also sitting up in his chair finishing his beer.

 Mr. Waters got up to fetch two more beers and responded while he walked, "Well I'm still teaching and coaching at the school, recently got a divorce. Forced to pick up ship and find a new harbor and now I'm just getting back on my feet."

 "Why did you get a divorce if I may ask?" Cade asked realizing how bold he was. He quickly apologized but was interrupted by Mr. Waters calming his doubts.

 "It's OK and please call me kip I'm no longer your teacher." He chuckles to himself. "But if I may be honest without criticism she came home from her sisters to find me in bed with another person".

 "Oh..." Cade said shocked.

 "Oh it's OK, I wasn't getting any and I have my needs even at my age." Kip said sipping his beer.

 "Oh shut up you're not old your like only 40. And damn she must have been hot for you to cheat on Mrs. Waters." Cade said finishing his final beer of the night.

 "Well that's the thing. It wasn't a woman it was a man. A former student of mine. Kip replied.

 Cade just sat there not believing what he heard. His former coach, teacher, and mentor just openly admitted to gay sex. And what's even more shocking was it was with someone he probably knew, which was his age. Kip noticed the sudden silence and awkwardness.

 "Sorry I didn't mean to make you feel uncomfortable Cade, I hope that doesn't prevent you from still hanging out with me." Kip asked hoping he didn't scare off this sexy young stud.

 "Oh no it's not that, it's just I can't believe that you coach would be into that. Like you're a pretty attractive man you can fuck any woman you want." Cade said shocked.

 "Well deep down only a man knows what another man wants son. It's hard to explain. I still love women but I also crave men. There's just something about a young man's body that makes my loins stir."

 "Damn Sir, never thought about it like that." Cade said starting to ponder the possibilities.

 "Really son, you never once thought about touching another man, feeling his body, getting naked with him, and just letting go of your restraints."

 "Well I guess if we're being honest then yes I have coach." Cade admitted. Cade then noticed he was slowly becoming aroused. He pushed it off as just the alcohol but deep down he was starting to crave the unknown taboos his coach was describing.





Mr. Waters noticed his former students growing bulge and rubbed his own crotch hoping deep down he could make Cade his new boy. "You know what I really like?"

 "What's that coach?" Cade asked nothing his coach massaging his groin, but he wasn't put off by it he was getting turned on by it. What was happening, he never even imagined being with another man, and here he was watching his sexy coach stroke his cock through his jeans.

 "I like breaking in young studs like yourself and showing them the wonders of man on man sex." Mr. Waters said boldly standing up.

 Cade looked up at his coach as he stood over him continuing to grope his cock.

 Mr. Waters pulled his shirt off and pulled Cade to his feet. "How about you let me coach you and let me show you how to please a man."

 "Yes coach." Cade said as he was pulled into his sexy coach deeply kissing him.

 Cade and Mr. Waters played tongue tag all while groping each other's shoulders and backs. Mr. Waters pulled Cades shirt off then reached down and tweaked his nipples. Cade then returned the favor but he boldly reached down and grabbed his coached cock. He felt the thickness, his cock was thick but this felt much thicker and longer. Mr. Waters grunted and pushed Cade down to his knees. Cade reached into the waistband and pulled his new sexy daddy's shorts down. He was greeted by a nice veiny, thick, juicy throbbing 9inch cock. His coach instructed him to open his mouth, and breathe threw his nose.

 Cade continued to swallow this cock savoring the taste and musk. He began to get even more turned on and really started to enjoy sucking this man's cock. Mr. Waters moaned his approval and his hips trusted forward to get as deep in this boys mouth as possible. Cade happily accepted the thrusting and opened his throat more. He very willingly wanted to take all of this man's cock, he wanted to please him, he even thought of wanting to do it again and again. He then began to think of tasting this man's cum, he wanted it so bad so he sped up his oral assault. Mr. Waters began to get really into the blow job so he didn't grabbed Cades head and began to thrust aggressively.

 He began to face fuck this sexy boy's mouth building his orgasm. He instructed Cade to lay on the couch with his head tilted down so he could fuck his throat. Mr. Waters slid his full length into Cades willing mouth. He began to thrust at a steady rhythm telling Cade he was a good boy. He told Cade that he was his boy now, and that he was gonna break him in good. Mr. Waters pulled out to erupt all over Cades throat, face and chin. Cade smiled ear to ear feeling the warmth and trying to capture all that he was being given.

Coach Waters smiled breathing hard asking Cade if he was free all day......to be continued.