 Over the Years, I had tried mercilessly to get my wife Eve into another 3some, for me to share her with another man. I had even invited John to our place a couple of times for the night, all to no avail. She was not going to do it.

We came back to England, my Army career ended, and although I had kept trying to entice her into it over the years I gave up, deep down I really hoped it would happen one day, but on the surface I had given up.

On my way home from work one fine evening, as I pulled of the motorway and stopped at the traffic lights, my bladder decided that it needed emptying. Just off the roundabout I knew there was a lay-by, I just hoped there was room for me to park, normally there are a couple of Lorries parked in it.

As I approached to my joy, there was only a car there, I parked the car, got out, locked it and headed for the bushes. I had just got my cock out and started relieving myself when I heard a voice behind me, "Any more than 2 shakes is pleasure."

I looked over, there was a guy walking towards me, "Sorry?" I asked, I wasn't sure what he meant.

"If you shake it more than twice, that's giving yourself pleasure"

"Oh I see, am I not allowed to pleasure myself then?"

All this time he had been walking towards me, slowly, "Not while I'm here, no"

"And why is that?"

He was now standing beside me, as he reached out a hand to replace mine holding my cock he said, "Because that's why I am here." He then kissed me.

I kissed him back, as I moved my hand to his cock. I rubbed his cock through his jeans, and gave it a squeeze, which made him moan slightly. My bladder was empty now, and my cock was starting to grow in his hand. "Shall we move back into the woods a bit more?" he asked, "There is a bigger bush over there, might give us a bit more privacy."

"Sounds good to me" I told him, and then lent in to kiss him again. He didn't disappoint, he returned the kiss.

We walked to the bigger bush, it was about another 100 feet into the woods, we got behind the bush, I hadn't put my cock away, and it was still standing proud from my fly. I undid my belt and button to allow my trousers to drop to my ankles. I removed my shirt and hung it on the bush. The guy saw me taking my shirt off, his jeans already around his ankles, he took his t-shirt off and hung it next to my shirt. He had a nice smooth body, not all muscles thankfully. We embraced. Our lips met, our bodies squeezed together as our tongues once again searched each other out.

I ran my hands down his back and gripped his arse cheeks and started massaging them, slipping a finger between his cheeks to his hole, teasing it, applying a bit of pressure made him moan. We broke the kiss. I started kissing his neck, I moved a hand around and gripped his cock and started stroking it as my lips moved down his body to his nipples. Taking each nipple in turn into my mouth to nip it with my teeth and suck it making them hard and making him moan again.

As I moved down his body, I used my other hand to cup his balls, gently squeezing them. Finally I was down to his groin, his cock in front of my face, pre-cum dripping from the knob. I stuck my tongue out and licked the knob, making him moan again. I ran my tongue along the length of his cock, I then licked his balls, sucking each of them into my mouth, playing with them with my tongue. I wrapped my tongue around his cock as I slowly took it into my mouth, "Oh fuck yeah." I heard him say.

I took the full 7 inches into my mouth, relaxing my throat muscles allowing it to slide into my throat. I started bobbing my head up and down, sliding his cock in and out of my mouth. He started moving his hips, he held my head in his hands and started fucking my mouth. He carried on fucking me and after about 5 minutes of deep throating him, he shot his load into my mouth and throat. I swallowed it all apart from the last few drops; I kept them in my mouth to savour the taste of his cum. I stood up and kissed him, allowing him to taste the remains of his cum still in my mouth.

Once we had finished kissing he started to move down to returned the favour, kissing and sucking his way down to my cock. It was aching by now and needed release. He didn't suck my cock straight away, he started to suck my balls and then spun me around to lick my arse. I had been rimmed before, but I hadn't been fucked for a number of years. The feeling was great, my arse was tingling at his touch, I couldn't help but moan and push my arse into his face. After a few minutes he turned me back, he then took my cock into his mouth and started sucking, it felt really good. A few minutes later I was moving my hips in time with his mouth. I started fucking his mouth, as he had done to me, his fingers were playing with my arse; I felt the pressure as he pushed a finger into my arse. The feeling was great as he finger fucked my arse, I felt the pressure grow, I couldn't hold back, I shot my load into his mouth.

He stood up and we kissed, my tongue searching his mouth, his searching mine, the taste of cum still in each of our mouths. "I would love to get you into bed," he told me.

"Oh yeah that was great, I would love to have you for a night too," I told him.

"Maybe we can arrange a hotel."

Then an idea hit me. "Hold that thought," I told him. I got my phone from my pocket and called Eve. "Honey are you away this weekend or next?" It felt kind of weird standing naked behind a bush with another man, talking to my wife on the phone.

"This weekend, why?" she replied.

The situation was turning me on, and my cock was growing again. "Oh, the boys were thinking of having a night out this weekend," I told her. This guy was now holding my hardening cock, and cupping my balls.

"Yeah you might as well, I won't be here." She told me.

Trying to keep my voice normal, as I replied. "Ok honey, see you soon, Bye."

I looked at the guy, we made our introductions. His name was Tony, and he was married too. "It was turning you on being here with me, while talking to your wife on the phone." More of a statement than a question.

I just smiled at him. "I am free this weekend, I told him, "can you get away?"

"Yeah I should be able to" he said, "I will tell my wife the same, going out for a beer."

He still had hold of my now hard cock, He kissed me. "Let me get your cock wet, then fuck me," he said.

He went down in front of me and took my cock into his mouth making it wet. He stood up and turned around leaning forward placing his hands on a branch for support. I wet my fingers with my own saliva and started playing with his arse. I slipped one and then two fingers into him, he moaned and started pushing against my fingers. I removed them from his arse, and lined my cock up. I gripped his hips and pushed my cock into his arse. Feeling a little resistance to start with, but as my cock slid into him the resistance soon faded.

Once I was fully in him, I held it there for a couple of minutes, then slowly started to slide my cock in and out of him. "Oh that feels good," "Oh fuck yeah." He kept saying as I started to pick up speed. He had a lovely tight arse, and my cock felt great inside him, I gripped his hips tight and started to fuck him faster and harder. I could feel the pressure building, I hadn't fucked a guy's arse in a number of years, I was loving this.

"I am going to cum," I told him.

"Yeah fill me up."

I pushed my cock in as far as it would go as it started squirting my hot cum into him, my legs were shaking as the orgasm rippled through me. "Fuck that was good." I told him.

I looked down and he had shot cum into his jeans and boxers. "It looks like you made a mess," I said to him.

"Yeah I always cum while I am being fucked," He told me. We embraced, having a nice tender kiss, our tongues stroking each other's mouths. As we broke the kiss, he hugged me. "I can't wait to get you into bed on Saturday," he told me

"It is going to be great fun," I told him.

We got dressed and walked back to the cars, we swapped numbers. The arrangement was to meet in a pub local to where I live at 19:30 Saturday.

The story about the meeting on Saturday night is tiltled "Sharing my wife Ch 02" in loving Wives. As with all my stories, constructive criticism is greatly appreciated.