 This chapter and the next takes place after Anders met Erik in Valuable Lessons. However, it's not necessary to read the first two chapters of that story first. All you need to know is that Erik is an older lover and a Dom.



Two and a half years after I met Mark on the west coast of Denmark and introduced him to male sex, I visited him and his boyfriend Peter, who was four years older than us. We had a nice meal with good wine and talking. At some point Peter left the room and stayed away for twenty minutes. When he came back, Mark was giving my sore shoulders a much needed massage. I'd been painting the walls of my apartment the previous weekend. Peter sat down on the couch and regarded us for a bit. Then he gave me a little quirky smile. "Mark told me you're the reason he found out that he's gay." 

I shrugged and mumbled something about him probably realizing sooner and later anyway. "Perhaps, but you seem to be the guy I have to thank for getting a boyfriend who enjoyed his first times so much that he was eager for more. And ready to do anything a man could want from his partner." I blushed and had the feeling I knew where this conversation was going. Not that it surprised me, because Mark had been flirting and touching me all afternoon and evening. In addition, Peter had pinned me against the kitchen table with his body at one time, claiming to need something in the cupboard above me.

Mark's fingers moved up to caress my neck and he slid into the comfy chair. He was flush against my back and his hot breath tickled my ear. Peter's gaze held my eyes. "Have you ever been with two guys at the same time, Anders?" I shook my head, my mouth dry, and cursed my habit of being struck dumb whenever I got propositioned. "Neither have we, even though we've talked about it. But the problem is my inability to share Mark with anyone." I nodded because Mark had told me that Peter was rather jealous and possessive at the start of their relationship.

Thankfully most of it faded once Peter found out how much Mark loved him and adored him. But it had been one of the reasons I hadn't visited them before, even if I wasn't a competitor for Mark's affections. "But you've already been with him, so in a way this would be more like him sharing you with me – and Mark sharing me with you." Mark's breathing got heavier and he and Peter exchanged a long heated look across my shoulder. I failed to get the implication, and anyway I was more concerned with wriggling slightly so that my by now half erect dick became less uncomfortable in my jeans.

"So what do you say, Anders, do you want to be with us?" Peter stood up and walked towards me and I hurriedly nodded. He started to undo his trousers. "Tell us what you'd like to happen." 

By now Mark's hands were busy under my T-shirt, and he was kissing my neck and nibbling on my earlobe. I swallowed and finally got my vocal chords to work. "I... I'd like to be fucked both ends... at the same time." 

A satisfied grin and Peter freed his cock. It was long, but only of average thickness, thank God, even if the crown was extra swollen. "Mark tells me you give excellent head, so let's see if he's right."

A push from Mark sent me to my knees in front of the chair, so my face was right next to Peter's fully engorged manhood. He grabbed my neck and pointed his cock at my lips, brushing them with his exposed glans. I could smell that he'd just washed it, so I opened willingly and let him possess my wet cavity. As I worked on the swollen head with my lips and tongue, I felt Mark's hands undo my jeans. He pushed them down together with my underwear; what a relief to get my throbbing hard-on released from prison. Mark had undressed to, because his huge cock nestled against my butt, as he fondled my dick and my balls. 

Fuck, this was like a dream come true, I was so horny. I pulled Peter's pants further down so I could get one hand on his muscular ass and play with his balls with the other. Licking up and down the long shaft then taking it as far into my mouth as possible. My tongue prodded the opening, I sucked on the head and rubbed his hot rod with my hand. Soon Peter was moaning and I worried that he would unload in my mouth without warning. But he must've had high self-control, because he stopped me and pulled his pants up. "Undress each other and go take a shower. I want two squeaky clean dicks and assholes to play with."

Mark and I were soon naked and after the necessary trips to the toilet we met in their large shower. It was wonderful to get to wash Mark's cute body and huge cock again. He was still shaved all over, just as he'd been after our last time together. I guess Peter enjoyed the look too. When I'd finished rinsing him, I bent over and sucked him for a bit, god he was big. Mark returned the favor of washing my manhood and then his fingers got busy on my ass. He soaped my cheeks, crack and around my needy hole. "Are you sure you want to, Anders? Feel free to say no, if you..." I shut him up with a kiss and moaned with lust as he slid two fingers up my ass.

As he cleaned me up, I tried to express how much I longed for them to take me together. Mark laughed and adjusted the shower head, so it became a focused jet of water. I bent forward and held my buttocks apart so he could rinse me out. Having the hot water and his fingers manipulate my tunnel, making me ready to be fucked, felt so good. Even if I still feared his monstrous tool. Then I got to do him; I grabbed a handful of liquid soap and got really intimate with Mark's super cute butt. It drove us both wild when I finger fucked him hard, and for a moment I just wanted to ram my dick up his ass.

It might've happened, if I hadn't suddenly spotted two thin stripes on the lower part of Mark's cheeks. He'd bent forward and pushed his butt out, ready to be rinsed, and as the water removed the soap, the red lines became visible. I finished my job of rinsing him, inside and out, then I hung up the shower head and turned him, so his back was towards the light. Tracing one of the two stripes with my finger, I let outrage fill my voice. "What the fuck it this, Mark? Does he HIT you?" Mark jerked away from me and turned the shower off. He avoided my gaze as he left the cubicle and got towels for both of us.

"Peter and I play a game sometimes." His voice was low and hesitant. "It's always ME who decide if and when we're playing. I initiate the game by calling him Sir Peter or... or Master." The last word was a whisper. "That means he can hit me max three times with a cane. Or give me another kind of punishment when I'm bad. Like if I'm disobedient or talk back."

I gulped and stared at him. Fuck this sounded eerily familiar. "But... but what if it hurts too much. Or you really don't want to obey him?"

Mark's nervous smile was adorable. "I have a safe word, which means stop. Because it's part of the game to say no and stop and please don't and things like that. But I've never needed it, because the things Peter do are so exciting and wonderful." His eyes got distant and his hand stroked the thick cock, as the towel dropped to the floor, forgotten.

I went over to him and fondled his ass. "What did you do to get these, Mark?"

He came out of his trance and grinned at me, the mischief in his eyes infectious. "I got one for pretending that I didn't want to share you with him, and one for refusing to share HIM with you. This was after we'd talked about the chances of getting you to agree to a threesome. Ehm we got rather excited discussing the possibilities if you know what I mean." Suddenly I understood the look they'd exchanged earlier, and I recalled how Mark got horny from being reminded of the situation which had caused his stripes.

"But mostly we make love normally, so you needn't be worried," Mark continued and gave me a hug. Hah, that wasn't the reason why I had goose bumps, shaky knees and a leaking dick. To my surprise Mark's revelations had made me even hornier. We finished drying ourselves and went to their bedroom. Peter was waiting for us; he sat on the edge of the king size bed and was naked too. Mark led me over to stand in front of his boyfriend who bent forward to taste us, first Mark then me.

As I looked down on Peter's dark hair and almost stern, masculine face, and waited for his approval, it was so like being in Erik's presence. And Peter was certainly an accomplished cock sucker. He soon had me moaning as his tongue explored every crevice and dipped into the opening to taste me. When we'd been accepted, he made me get on the bed on all fours. "I think we'll grant Anders his wish of being filled in both ends. And since I've already tried your mouth, I'll do the other needy hole. I'm sure Mark can keep you occupied up here."

As he spoke, he arranged me, so my head was at the edge of the bed where his boyfriend was standing, and my ass was sticking provokingly in the air. Peter finished by grabbing Mark's monster and rubbing the tip over my cheek and my mouth. "How do you feel about that plan, Anders?"

I thought it's now or never, took a deep breath and replied. "Yes please, Sir." Both Mark and Peter gave a surprised start and the ensuing silence went on for a couple of very long and tense seconds.

Then Peter grabbed my neck hard and his voice had a dangerous edge, as he hissed at me. "What did you just call me, boy?"

My voice shook but I persisted. "Sir Peter." I saw his long thin cock jerk and moisture appeared at the tip. He turned to Mark and grabbed his arm with the other hand.

"Somebody has been telling tales, I think..."

Mark seized the opportunity to join the game. "Please Master, I couldn't help it. He saw the stripes on my butt and he wanted an expl..." His boyfriend cut him off.

"He wanted to have marks just like you. Well, I can manage that. With pleasure." He let go of us and walked over to the dresser and pulled the top drawer out. Mark and I turned our heads to see what he was doing. The left hand lifted the expected cane, a long thin flexible rod, out of the drawer. But the right hand kept rummaging around until it came up with something wooden. I couldn't work out what it was, but it made Mark moan with anticipation – and maybe a little fear.

"Yes, boy, you'll get what you need," Peter began as he turned back towards us. Suddenly his eyes narrowed and with a roar of anger he strode over. "What the fuck are you waiting for, I told you to suck him." I immediately turned my head to take Mark's cock in my mouth, but too late. The cane whistled through the air and a burning pain across my buttocks announced that Sir Peter had doled out my first punishment. As my mouth opened in a shocked gasp, Mark shoved the head of his huge manhood inside. I sucked and licked frantically and he groaned with pleasure.

So did I when I felt Peter's mouth and fingers gently caress my sore ass. One of his hands slid between my legs to fondle my dick. I think he sighed in relief when the hardness showed I was still horny and game. His other hand parted my cheeks so his fingers could tease my sensitive star. His tongue found the aching line on my butt and licked it. It stung but at the same time excited me immensely. Peter's fingers stayed gentle and sensual as they massaged lube into my entrance. I couldn't wait to have his long shaft penetrate me, and I almost forgot my duty to Mark as I focused on his boyfriend's preparation of my butt.

But Mark reminded me with a firm grip in my hair and a hard thrust of his hips which made me gag on his thick cock. I quickly resumed my oral ministrations and added a hand to play with his smooth balls. When Peter let go of me to get a condom, I concentrated on licking his boyfriend's engorged rod all the way from the base to tip. Then I worked the head with lips and tongue and massaged his slick shaft with two fingers and thumb on either side. Mark loved this and clutched my shoulder hard, moaning "More, faster." But when Peter's hands exposed my entrance and I felt the tip of his spear poke me, I forgot all about Mark.

He opened his eyes when I stilled with my mouth full of hard cock. Realizing that his boyfriend was about to possess my tight tunnel, he leant forward so he could see the long dick slowly disappear into my ass. As Peter bottomed out, the two men kissed each other above me and I whimpered. Even if being fucked in my mouth and my butt at the same time had been a fantasy for a while, I'd no idea how much I'd love the feeling. My needy asshole ached from being full and eager to be pounded and spit ran down my chin as I fought to swallow around the huge presence in my mouth.

I did miss having a warm hole enclosing my own dick, but I managed to get my hand moved under me to grasp it and rub the foreskin back and forth. When they finally stopped kissing, I was so fucking turned on and desperate to have my ass pounded and very close to coming. Peter immediately saw what I was doing and pulled my hand away. "None of that, you naughty little cheat. Or do I need to add another stripe to make you behave?" He dragged the cane across my cheeks to illustrate his threat and I shook my head and mumbled frantic denials around Mark's cockhead.

"Good boy," Peter dropped the cane, gripped my cheeks with both thumbs firmly pressed against the sore areas, and proceeded with fucking me. He alternated between letting his swollen crown undulate just inside my sphincter, prodding all my sensitive spots, and deep hard thrusts that had my mouth surge further down on Mark's cock than entirely comfortable. Oh yes Sir Peter was an experienced and skillful master of the art of butt fucking, and he rode me for a long time. He'd take breaks where he gave me tips on how to suck Mark's monster. I appreciated them, but there was no way I'd ever manage to deepthroat him.

Finally, Peter pulled out and we changed positions. Mark got to lie on his back and I knelt beside him and continued to pleasure his manhood. Peter ditched the condom and sat between Mark's legs and began playing with his balls and lubing up his tight aperture. I noticed he had the wooden implement in the other hand, and I could see what it was. It was a three or four inch long and almost two inch wide butt plug with a handle at one end. The tip was rounded so that it vaguely resembled a short thick cock, and it was completely smooth.

Mark noticed it too, when Peter let go of him to pull a condom on the wooden rod. He immediately moaned, "no, oh please no" and tried to protect his sensitive pucker by bending his knees and put his calves together in front of his pert little butt. Peter and I smirked at each other and grabbed a knee each. Slowly we forced Mark's legs apart and up, until he lay with his ass tilted and his smooth shaven star exposed and accessible. Peter added another blob of lube and positioned the wooden dildo in bull's eye. With a look and a telling gesture he indicated that he wanted me to get on with the blow job.

I bent over and trapped Mark's leg under my chest and pointed his huge erection up to catch the head in my mouth. I licked and sucked and worked the hard shaft with my hand, tasting his precum every time I milked him upwards. I could see how Peter gradually forced the plug into Mark's ass, and his boyfriend whimpered and jerked as he was opened up. There was no way for him to escape our joint attention, and he had to submit. When the rod was nearly all the way in, Peter used the handle to rotate and tilt it, and Mark groaned and arched his back. I had the feeling his prostate just got tapped.

Peter let go of the plug and positioned the cane across his boyfriend's cheeks, between the two old stripes and the dilated entrance. With his right hand he began fucking Mark with the dildo and the left held the cane. I increased the speed of my sucking and the massage of Mark's shaft, and soon he announced his impending orgasm with an eager "yes, yes, more". As his back arched again, Peter slammed the dildo up his ass, grabbed the tip of the cane, pulled back and let go. The moment the thin rod hit Mark's cheeks, he screamed in ecstasy and split second later a shot of cum filled my mouth.

As the next load arrived, I tried to pull back, but a firm grip on my hair and a searing pain across my ass stopped me. "Finish the job properly, boy." Peter had extracted the cane and used it to deal out another unexpected punishment. He enforced his demand by sliding the thin rod up my back and pressing it against my neck. With tears of pain and humiliation in my eyes I had to receive several shots of Mark's warm salty sperm in my overflowing mouth, barely able to breathe around the huge spitting snake. My hand kept milking Mark's cock and Peter fucked him with the hard wooden dildo, and it was obvious our victim loved the treatment. 

I had to swallow most of Mark's cum, another first for me, but there was so much that some of it dribbled down on his abdomen. My own dick was throbbing with lust as it lay trapped between my stomach and thighs, and I knew a few strokes would make me come. Strange that I was utterly turned on by being forced to do something I disliked and usually refused to do. When Mark finally stopped spurting, both of us collapsed on the bed, with my head lying on his stomach. Peter now became a caring companion, and I was able to work out his method. Whenever he'd smacked us, he turned considerate and nice, and the contrast was quite effective. 

He lifted my head and wiped semen from my chin and cheek. He kissed me gently on the mouth and removed the last remnant of Mark's seed with his tongue. Then Peter carefully pushed me over on my back next to Mark. He removed the plug and wiped Mark too, then returned to me and caressed my chest and stomach. Soon his skillful fingers were playing with my achingly hard dick and his mouth sucked my nipples. My manhood wept with delight and gratitude to finally receive some attention and I wanted to beg for release. But before I could do so, Peter let go and sat up. "Hmm, I think we need to take care of you now, Anders." 

Fuck yes, that was just what I wanted, but instead he turned to Mark. He was sitting up too, but still looked out of it after the prolonged orgasm. Peter kissed him thoroughly and whispered something in his ear. I couldn't stand another pause on my road to ecstasy, and my hands snuck into my lap to rub my shaft and fondle my balls. I knew I risked Sir Peter's wrath and so it was. As soon as he saw what I was doing, he removed my hands with a scolding. "I can't believe it. I look away for a moment and you're disobedient again." He manhandled me over on my front and locked my arm behind me by pushing it towards my shoulder blades.

"Give me the restraints, Mark. This boy needs to be kept in line." Two cuffs were put around my wrists and I could feel a strip of soft cloth across my back. My arms were half a meter apart and I couldn't quite see the point. Not until they turned me back over and I found out that with the material connecting my wrists I couldn't move my arms away from the sides of my body. I wouldn't be able to reach my dick without moving the other arm under my back which would be rather awkward and uncomfortable. Nor could I get rid of the cuffs, even if they were just closed with Velcro, without my captors noticing.

But the design of the restraints meant that I was able to lie comfortably on my back or my front while still being confined. Peter looked satisfied with my helpless state as he stroked my leaking dick. I hoped he would proceed with taking care of me or get Mark to do it. But I'd forgotten that I had to be punished for being naughty. "Spread your legs," his order was curt and very much like Erik when he was in full Dom mode. I obeyed immediately and Peter nodded to Mark, who straddled my stomach and pulled my butt cheeks apart. Moments later I felt something hard prodding my anus.
