 I awoke in the morning to find I was still in the same position, Bruce was still spooning me from behind. I saw sunlight coming through the blinds and realized we must have slept for the rest of the night. I smirked as I felt Bruce's cock was hard with morning wood. I slowly disentangled myself, so as not to wake him up...yet. I lowered my head to his cock and took it slowly into my mouth. I moaned as I slowly began to suck his hard cock. I used one hand to massage his balls and the other to tease his asshole.

I heard Bruce moan as he woke up to find my in this position. Bruce let out a light chuckle as he said, "Guess you woke up horny too. Go on boy. Suck that man cock."

I continued to suck his cock and stimulate him with my hands. I felt a slight movement in the bed beside me. I looked up and saw that Wayne had woken up and slowly moved away from Tim, who was still fast asleep. Wayne crawled towards me and pulled my ass cheeks apart. I felt warm breath on my asshole, then his wet tongue begin to enter my boy hole. I moaned around the cock in my mouth as Wayne began to rim me deeply.

Bruce put his hand on my head and guided me to keep sucking. I readily complied. I began to moan as I sucked Bruce's hard cock. The great feeling of having my asshole licked so expertly, caused my own cock to become even harder. I sucked Bruce's cock all the way into my mouth. I teased my tongue over his piss slit, then deep throated him. Bruce let out a deep moan at the feeling of f warm mouth on his bog cock. 

Wayne was moaning as he continued to lick my asshole. I realized that I still had all three loads of Bruce's and Wayne's cum inside me. Wayne must be enjoying the three loads of cum that had been pumped up my ass the previous night. I sucked Bruce's cock head deeply, then sucked up and down his cock shaft, then took his cock all the way into my throat and swallowed around the cock head. Bruce let out loud deep moan.

Wayne suddenly took his tongue out of my asshole and said, "Shhh, we don't want to wake up the puppy yet." 

Wayne then shoved his talented tongue back up my asshole. We continued on like this for several minutes, Bruce enjoying me sucking his cock as he watched Wayne lick my asshole. Wayne then removed his tongue from my asshole again and whispered into my ear, "Now climb up on that hard cock boy. Ride him. Let's give little Timmy a nice show to wake up to."

I readily agreed. I climbed up onto Bruce's lap and lowered my wet asshole down onto his hard cock. I straddled his lap as his cock came to rest deep inside my asshole. Bruce and I let out a quiet moan. I then began to rock forward and back, moving that nice hard cock in and out of my asshole. I loved a good hard morning fuck. I was about to really start to move, when I felt Wayne push my chest down onto Bruce's chest. 

I felt Wayne position his hard cock at my asshole. I moaned deeply as I realized I was about to get a good hard double penetration. I moaned as I felt Wayne begin to push his hard cock into my asshole. I sighed as I felt him enter my slowly, inch by inch. Wayne stopped pushing as he came to rest all the way up my asshole. Wayne then began a slow and steady pace of thrusting in and out of my asshole. Bruce then began to thrust his hips upward as he started to fuck my asshole in and out as well. I was in heaven as I felt the two hard cocks fucking my asshole.

Wayne and Bruce both moaned at the feeling of their cocks rubbing against each other inside my tight asshole. They kept their thrusts at odds with each other to better allow them to rub against each other. This had an amazing result on me. I had one pushing inside me as the other was pulling out. We continued like this at a slow pace, trying to keep our moans as quiet as possible. Apparently we were unsuccessful, because we heard Tim begin to wake up. I looked over and saw him stretching as he woke up. 

He stopped moving and froze when he saw us. He stayed still for a minute or two, just enjoying our show. Then he gave a small pout as he asked, "What about me? I'm awake."

Bruce laughed and said, "Well you know what they say. The early twink gets the cock."

Wayne, Bruce and I all laughed at this. I leaned my head back and moaned as Wayne and Bruce continued to fuck my asshole. I guess Wayne felt bad, because he said, "Come over here little Timmy. I know just where to put you."

He instructed Timmy to straddle Bruce's face. Bruce immediately began to lick Tim's asshole deeply. His face buried between Tim's bubble butt, I heard Bruce moan as he lapped at Tim's tender ass. Tim let out a moan as he enjoyed Bruce's tongue. Tim's hard cock was now right in front of my face. I didn't hesitate to deep throat his twink cock. I was now sucking Tim's cock greedily as my asshole was being fucked my Wayne and Bruce's hard cock, all the while Tim's asshole was being cleaned nicely by Bruce.

Tim's eyes were half shut as he enjoyed our stimulations. Tim began to moan louder and louder. I knew by his sounds, that he was about to cum. I guess he couldn't last long with an expert tongue rimming his asshole while I continued to deep throat his twinky cock. Tim's breathing grew faster and faster. I then took his cock all the way into my throat and swallowed around his cock head. This made Tim's hips buck forward in pleasure. He moaned out, "God I love how well you suck cock. You need to teach me that trick."

I moaned around his cock in agreement. Both Wayne and Bruce agreed that I was incredibly good at working a nice hard cock.

Tim suddenly tensed up and moaned deeply as he shot his load of cum right down my throat. Tim stayed still as I milked his cock dry and Bruce continued to lick his sweet asshole. Tim suddenly opened his eyes and said, "Shit. I have the morning shift. I gotta go, or I'll be late."

He then scurried off the bed and began quickly gathering his clothes as he continued, "I gotta run and get showered. Dan always gives us to James for a whole night, if we are late. Don't get me wrong, I love it when James hauls me into his room for some fun, but that guy knows how to swing a paddle. I don't think my ass can take another punishment session with James right now."

We all laughed as the scared puppy ran out of the room naked with one last "Bye," as he shut the door behind him. I just shook my head and got back into my enjoyment. Wayne then started to really thrust harder and harder into my asshole. My moans told Bruce all he needed to know. He then started to thrust up harder into my asshole too. I was moaning loudly as these two burly bears fucked my asshole deep and hard.

It had been so long since I had enjoyed a good hard and deep double fuck. I was so glad. My moans were growing in volume. Wayne and Bruce began to moan and groan loudly with me. Both Wayne and Bruce began to pick up speed. My asshole felt amazingly full of their cocks. I began to squeeze my asshole as tight as I could. Wayne and Bruce liked that feeling. They both let out loud deep moans.

Wayne began to moan out, "Fuck. I won't last much longer dude. I'm gonna shoot my load into this twinky asshole. Fuck it feels good in here with your cock."

Bruce agreed and said, "Fuck yeah it does. This bitch boy knows how to handle whatever he gets. I'm gonna cum soon too. You ready for this boy? You ready for two loads pumping into you at the same time? Beg for it bitch boy. Beg for us to cum up your boy asshole."

All this degrading talk had got me super hot. I begged, "Please cum in my boy asshole Sirs. Fuck my asshole hard. I want to feel both of your loads of hot man cum fill me up. I need your cum Sirs."

With this encouragement, both Wayne and Bruce began to really pound my asshole. I was being ripped in half by their monster cocks as they drove them deep and hard into my boy hole. Bruce's moans got louder and louder. I knew he would cum soon. Wayne knew that too. He began to fuck me even harder. He wanted them to cum at the same time. I tightened my asshole as tight as I could.

I was rewarded by having them both moan loudly and drive their hard cocks deep into my asshole, as their cocks began to pump their loads into me. I moaned as I felt a geyser of hot man cum being pumped into my ass. Spurt after spurt of cum erupted from the two cocks jammed all the way to their balls into my asshole. I moaned and moaned as their cocks twitched and jerked, spraying my insides with their cum. My breaths were fast and shallow as I rode out the glorious feeling I was getting.

Wayne then slumped his chest onto my back as I slumped onto Bruce's chest. We all laid there for a few minutes, catching our breaths. Wayne then let his cock fall from my asshole as he climbed off of me and stood up. I rolled over as Bruce's cock fell out of me as well. Bruce then stood up and got off the bed. They both then gathered up their clothes. I watched them as they picked up their things, not bothering to get dressed. 

They both looked at me as Wayne said, "Well, kiddo. Thanks for a hot night and fun morning. Hopefully we can do this again sometime."

Bruce nodded as he said, "Yeah. You can take my cock any time."

I laughed and said, "I can definitely see us getting together again."

They smiled as the exited my room naked and carrying their clothes. I eventually got up and took a shower. It felt amazing having the hot water relax my tired muscles. I decided I would go for a morning swim to work my self out a bit. I grabbed a towel, but didn't bother with a swim suit. It was a clothing optional pool, so why bother. I walked out of my room and down the hallway with my towel over my shoulder, still completely naked.

I arrived at the pool and noticed Ken and Alex relaxing in some lounge chairs drinking coffee. I waved to them as I dove into the pool. The cool water was a jolt to my system. I swam my usual laps back and forth in the pool. I then set a nice relaxing speed around, just enjoying myself. I finally came to rest at the side of the pool nearest Ken and Alex. I raised up, so my forearms were resting on the edge to hold me up. I was really enjoying swimming naked. I decided to do this more often.

I said hi to Ken and Alex and asked how their night had been. They smirked and Ken said, "About the same as your's. We took our favorite puppy to out room and fucked him all night. To be honest, my dick is a little sore. And I bet the puppy doesn't stop smiling all day. We heard you had some fun with The Batmen and Robin. I expect details."

I laughed at this. I told them of our nightlong and morning sex scenes. They seemed to like what they heard. I could tell they now had rock hard cocks. Alex laughed at Ken and said, "Watch out baby. You don't want to hurt yourself." Pointing out Ken's hard cock and reminding him of his "poor traumatized dick."

Ken and I both laughed at this as Alex said, "Fuck you both."

I smirked and said, "I'm not sure if your sore dick could handle us."

This got a loud laugh from Alex. Ken just stopped talking and drank his coffee. I continued enjoying the cool water on my naked body. My asshole was still tingling as I remembered the feeling of The Batmen's cocks rampaging in and out of my asshole. I guess I had a dreamy look on my face, because Alex looked back at me and asked, "So, how was another two cocks up that ass of yours?"

I smiled widely as I said, "Oh, It was great. I even got to suck off little Timmy. At least until he had to run off to get to work."

Ken apparently got over his pouting, because he joined Alex in laughing. Alex said, "Yeah Tim isn't known as Robin the boy wonder for nothing. We've had some fun together too."

We continued talking for a while. I came to find out that Alex and Ken had been together since their freshman year at college. It was Ken that told Alex about the club. They both applied and did the initiation together. They were both versatile, but they only bottomed for each other or if the other was involved. Other than that they both preferred to top.

I was happy in my bottom boy role. I much preferred having my asshole pounded. I even liked being fucked better than actually cumming myself. There was nothing I liked better than a good hard cock being slammed into my asshole or sucking a hard cock until I was flooded with hot cum. Being rimmed was right up there. Who doesn't like to have their asshole licked?

I asked about any more activities this weekend. Ken said that Fridays were the usual group activity night. The rest of the weekend was pretty much up to everyone else to pick and choose what, or more to the point WHO, to do. I nodded at this. I asked about the next scheduled activity night. Alex told me that in five weeks six puppies (including Tim a.k.a. Robin the boy wonder) were being initiated. It was scheduled to be just five puppies, but James was sponsoring the sixth to becoming a full member. So now there are six puppies waiting impatiently to being initiated. 

A week after the initiation is the slave auction. After that there were no activities planned until Halloween, a month later. I was disappointed to hear this. Alex saw this and reminded me that they were open to suggestions on the message board or in person. He mentioned a few of there events that happen every now and then: Extreme Anal Night (fisting, oversized dildos, etc), BDSM Night (whips, floggers, riding crops, paddles, etc), and Oil Night (a big baby oil orgy).

I said I was definitely interested in the oil orgy, but not interested in extreme anal or BDSM. They both agreed that it was not there thing either. None of us really got hot at the thought of overstretching our assholes or someone else's. And while we did find the thought of some light spanking hot, we weren't into hardcore BDSM. Apparently James was the "Master of Ceremonies" when it came to BDSM Night and Extreme Anal Night. I nodded as I figured as much.

I asked what Halloween and New Year's Eve entailed. Ken perked up and answered, "New Year's Eve is hot. Basically no one is allowed to have any sex or jerk off until midnight. After that it's an all-out-go. Trust me, when the clock strikes midnight it turns into an orgy real fast. Halloween is just an excuse to get dressed up. Some guys like to take it seriously and go all out on their costumes. Some will just do the bare minimum. And some guys will put a sexy twist to their costumes. Imagine the puppies dressed up like sexy puppies. They style their hair to look like doggie ears, wear dog collars, and stuff like that."

"That is the one time each year when the applicants get to dress in anything other than the required uniform. The whole club house is a free for all. So the puppies and reds are walking around everywhere mostly handing out drinks and food. The reds usually don't dress up too sexy, but every now and then some of them will go over to the puppies side of things."

"I remember a kid named Johnny was a full red up until New Year's Eve. I don't think he ever got laid or did anything sexual here until that night. Then after walking around with all that sexual tension, he just snapped. Next thing I knew, I was walking outside by the pool and there he was down on his knees with his pants around his ankles, still with his shirt and tie on, as two bear bodied members were fucking him in the ass and in his mouth. I was so proud, I wanted to take a picture."

We all laughed at that. I commented that taking a cock in front and behind was truly a great experience. I asked if there was any way to tell a puppy from a red. Ken said, "Well at first we had the reds wearing a red pin on their ties, but that went away several years ago. Now you pretty much just have to know who's who. But don't worry, that's a problem for the tops. A total bottom boy like you, won't really have to figure out that. Reds will rarely ask sexual questions, flirt, or make advances. The puppies will."

I again nodded at this logic. He was right. I didn't think that I needed to find out who was a puppy and who was a red. I was just interested in finding a hard cock for my asshole and/or mouth. Alex commented, "We absolutely forbid urination or shitting. We had to kick a guy out of the club a few years ago for that. If member are into that, than they have to do that at their own house not here."

I shivered at the thought of that as I said, "Yeah, No! Definitely not going there."

Ken and Alex once again agreed. I saw both Ken and Alex suddenly grin widely as they looked at me. I thought they may want to have some three way sex with me, but apparently that was not what got their attention. I was suddenly grabbed from behind and thrown across the pool an into the deep end by Wayne. I flew through the air with a high pitched yelp of surprise as I suddenly hit the water and submerged. I was lucky that I had the foresight to take a deep breath before I hit the water. 

As I was under the water, I looked over at the person who had thrown me and saw a bear bodied man doubled over in laughter. I recognized his Bat signal tattoo on his right thigh. Bruce had the same tattoo, but on his left thigh. I smirked as I swam under water to him. I stayed underwater as I took his cock into my mouth. I felt his whole body tense up at my unexpected action. Then when he relaxed I roughly shoved my middle and pointer fingers right up his asshole.

This action caused him to really tense up. I then released his cock from my mouth, pulled my fingers from his asshole, and came up for air. I laughed loudly as I said, "Payback's a bitch."

Wayne started laughing again. I noticed Bruce was walking over to us and was also naked and laughing. Ken and Alex were still laughing at my expense. Ken asked me, "What did you do to him, bite his balls? I thought he was about to scream bloody murder with that look on his face."

I continued laughing as I explained what I did to him. This revelation caused everyone to start laughing again. Bruce then spoke up between laughs saying, "Serves you right, scaring and manhandling him like that. That's a boy we need to keep nice and safe."

I grinned cockily at Wayne, as Ken and Alex both agreed with Bruce. I then looked at Bruce and asked if they had ever used that double headed dildo before, like they had with me and Tim. Bruce said, "Nope. Just bought that thing about a week ago. We go the idea from a porno we saw. Thought it would be hot to add in you guys sucking us off. And it sure was."

Both Wayne and I agreed with that assessment. Wayne then put his arm around my shoulders and asked loudly, "So, who fucked you better: The Batmen or Ken and Alex?"

I smiled widely and said, "Nope. Not picking favorites. I'd have a threesome with any of you anytime. And I'd hate to hurt your feelings. That might make me asking for another round kind of awkward."

They all laughed at my answer, each pair saying it must be them who was the favorite and that I was just being polite. Ken still laughing said, "Yeah I loved our two sessions with him. The first time he sucked us both off at the same time. Then once he sucked our cocks hard again, I fucked him in one hole while Alex took the other. Then after we filled his holes with our cum, we switched holes and fucked him again. And let's not forget we were the first ones to give him a DP. Isn't that right?"

I agreed his statement, smiling as I remembered both nights.

Alex then told us what he and Ken had done to Johnny last night. A definite hot night of sex for all those concerned. Wayne not to be outdone recounted last night's and this morning's action. All of us were sporting hard cocks at this point as we regaled each other with out steamy hot sex stories. Bruce added in, "Yep, this little guy is definitely a cum junky. We plan to fuck him senseless again real soon."

I smirked at him and said, "Yeah well, promises, promises. Besides, Ken is still recuperating from a lengthy night of fucking a twink. I doubt he could keep up just yet."
