 I had taken a few hours nap, after my last workout with Alex, Ken, Wayne and Bruce. I woke up right in time for my previously booked oil massage. I grabbed a towel, but didn't bother with getting dressed. I walked out of my room completely naked and made my way to the massage area. I checked in and found that they were ready for me. I went into my appointed room and was quickly followed by a tanned and mouth-wateringly muscled guy. He introduced himself to me as Antione. I said hi, and we shook hands. He then had me climb up onto the padded table and lay on my stomach. 

He asked me if anywhere was giving my trouble. I considered telling him that my asshole was in desperate need of his hard cock, after one look at him. But I just said no, and that I just wanted a nice relaxing oil massage. He said ok, and began to rub my body from neck to toes with hot oil. My cock immediately sprang to full hardness. I was thankful that I was lying on my stomach, but considering this was a gay sex club...did it really matter?

He began with a casual conversation as he began rubbing and kneading my muscles. I was in heaven. His hands were magic, as he rubbed me down. I told him that I was heavy into swimming and running. And that I had a scholarship to college for swimming. He nodded and said that he worked out regularly too. He said he had went to college for massage therapy, and that he owned his own string of massage parlors in a few different states. He said he still enjoyed getting hands on, so that was why he also provided massages here at the lodge. 

I hoped that, giving massages was not the only reason he was at the lodge, but kept that to myself. I asked how long he had been a member here, and he said for about 6 years now. Since he was a Sophomore in college. I nodded and said that had just recently joined. He chuckled, as he said that he knew about me. He said he had been one of the guys who had fucked my ass, when I was blindfolded last night. I laughed and said it was good to meet him again. We both laughed at that, as he continued to knead my muscles. He had reached my ass cheeks and began to work and massage them both with care.

I then felt a finger "slip" and glance over my asshole. It was all I could do to not moan, as I felt his finger. I then felt him kneading the other ass cheek and again glance and finger over my asshole. I then felt him begin to massage around my asshole and tease it as he rubbed more oil up and down between my ass cheeks. He then had me roll over. I did, but was a little nervous because I was now rock hard.

He paid me hard cock no obvious attention as he spread oil over my chest, arms and legs. He continued with a casual conversation, as he was rubbing and kneading the muscles on the front of my body. He worked his way up and down my body, as he continued to relax all my muscles. He then started to rub my inner thighs. I felt my hard cock actually jump when he did this. He was pressing down as hard as he could on my inner thigh muscles when he then said, "Ok, now I need to really push down hard right here. I need to climb up into the table for a better position."

I said that was ok. He then stepped up onto the table. I then noticed that sometime during the course of this massage, he had slipped off his pants. His hard cock and balls were swinging freely. I admired that he was completely shaved smooth, as he climbed up on top of me. His cock was now right in front of my mouth. I licked my lips in anticipation. He then spread my legs and pulled my butt upwards a bit. I then felt his warm wet tongue begin to rim my asshole.

This was all the invitation I needed. I immediately brought my face up to him and shoved my own tongue into his asshole. We were now moaning into each others asshole as we licked deeply. I was working my tongue as fast and deep as I could, as I felt him expertly rim my asshole. I wondered if this was a class that he was taught in massage therapy. I moaned as I thought of the fun of being taught to do this. We continued to probe each others assholes for a few minutes more. I felt him gripping my ass cheeks and holding them tight, as he continued to tongue fuck my asshole. 

He then removed his tongue from my asshole, and placed his tongue on my hard cock. I did the same to him and we both began sucking each others cocks. I loved the feeling of his warm mouth sucking my cock. I moaned around his cock as I sucked it deeply. I ran my tongue over his piss slit, causing him to moan and his back to arch. I then deep throated his cock, and began to swallow around his cock head. I heard his moaning grow louder. He then let my cock fall out of his mouth with a slurping pop, as he said, "If you keep that up, how will I be able to fuck you?"

I moaned around his cock, as I let it slip out of my mouth. I then said, "Well, you know where my ass is, how do you want to fuck me?"

He moaned out, I want you to lay back down on your stomach. I then flipped over as he turned around on the table, so that he was laying on top of me. I felt him run his hard cock up and down between my ass cheeks. I moaned at the feeling. He then let his cock come to rest against me oiled asshole. He then eased his hard cock into my asshole. I moaned loudly as I felt him push his hard cock all the way into my ass.

He was laying flat against my back, with his cock buried up my ass. He reached around and looped his arms under my chest. He then began to rock his hips forward and back, shoving his hard cock deep into my ass. I moaned loudly as he built up a steady speed. I moaned out, "If this is a massage that you offer, I'm going to have to visit your parlors. God, your hard cock feels good in my ass."

He chuckled as he said, "No, this is service I only offer here to cute little bottoms like you. I love a good hard oil fuck. I love getting slippery, then fucking a tight little asshole. Pumping my sticky cum deep into their asses."

I moaned back, "Oh, can you go faster? Please shove your cock deep into my ass."

He moaned as he began driving his hard cock in and out of my ass as fast as he could. I moaned as I was laying flat and immobile against the table. Every time he drove his hard cock into me, I was powerless to move, causing his cock to bottom out deep inside me. His deep and hard thrusts had sped up to such a speed that I heard his hips slapping against my ass cheeks, as he thrust his hard cock deep into my ass. I was loving this. I had never had a deep ass fuck, where we were both slippery with warm oil. It was a major turn on, and allowed for a more lubricated fuck.

He was moaning in my ear, as he continued to fuck my ass deep and hard. I moaned to him, "You can fuck my like this anytime. I love a good oil fuck. Makes my ass feel your cock sliding in and out so much better."

He moaned, as he said, "Oh, I intend to fuck you again, don't you worry."

He then began to really thrust into my ass as hard as he could. Every thrust of his hard cock drove the air from my lungs in a deep guttural grunt. I saw the door suddenly opened in front of us. I looked up and saw Ken and Alex smirking at us as they watched Antione roughly fucking my ass, as we were both shiny with oil. I smirked at them as I continued to feel Antione drive his hard cock deeper and deeper into my ass. Antione moaned loudly. Ken then said, "Yeah, that's a fun ass to fuck, isn't it. I loved slamming my hard cock into that boy's ass, every chance I could."

Alex then added, "Plus the times we fucked his ass together, don't forget that."

Antione finally spoke up saying, "If you want to wait your turn with this boy's ass, grab a seat. But for now, he is all mine."

Antione continued to roughly drive his hard cock in and out of my ass, as Ken and Alex watched. I guess they really did intend to have a go in my ass. I smiled as I always loved it when they fucked me. Antione suddenly moaned louder than ever, and drove his hard cock balls deep into my ass. I felt his cock twitch as a flood of his hot cum was released into my ass. I clinched my asshole around his hard cock, as I helped to milk his cum from his cock. Antione continued to pumped his cock in and out of my ass, until his cock softened and he slipped out of my asshole. 

I moaned as I felt his hot cum inside my ass. Antione then slapped my ass cheeks hard, as he stepped away from the table. He looked down at me and said, "Damn, boy. I could fuck your ass anytime. I have more customers to attend to, but how about again tonight in your room after dinner?"

I moaned out, "Mmm, that sounds nice. You bring the oil and hard cock. I'll supply the tight ass to fuck."

He laughed as he put his pants, back on and said, "Oh, you can count on that."

He then walked out, as I noticed Ken and Alex begin to strip naked. I smirked at them and said, "And what do you two think you are doing?"

They laughed, as Ken said, "Oh, we're going to fuck you again."

I moaned in pleasure as I couldn't wait. Ken and Alex were both standing in front of my completely naked now. They were both smirking at me and stroking their hard cocks. They then stepped up to my face and presented me with their hard cocks. I opened my mouth as I grabbed a cock in both hands. I guided their hard cocks to my open mouth and began to suck them both at the same time. I could tell they both liked it when I did this. I guessed they liked the feeling of both of their cocks sliding in and out of my wet mouth as I sucked them. 

They began to alternate their thrusts into my mouth, as they face fucked me. I felt my mouth being stretched my their hard cocks, as I continued to suck them both. Alex then looked at Ken and said, "You want heads or tails?"

Ken laughed as he said, "Oh I could take either. Mmm, but he has such as fun ass to fuck. I think I'll take tails."

Ken then removed his hard cock from my mouth and left me to focus on Alex's hard cock. I then felt him raise me up into a doggie style position, with my ass stuck out for easy access. I then felt him climb up on the table behind me. Ken then grabbed my hips and slid his hard cock into my well oiled ass. We both moaned, as I took his hard cock with ease. My head was still pointed down, to allow Alex a proper position for me to suck his cock, as Ken began to pump his hard cock in and out of my ass. Ken moaned deeply as he enjoyed sliding his hard cock in and out of my well oiled ass.

I moaned around Alex's hard cock, as Ken began to really fuck my ass. I was moaning and pushing my ass back into Ken's hard thrusts, desperate for more depth. I remember how good it felt when Wayne and Bruce stuck Tim and I together with a wide double headed dildo, and then had us suck their cocks as we impaled ourselves on the rubber cock. I loved the feeling of our ass cheeks smacking together when we forced the dildo deeper into our asses.

I hoped to do that again sometime. But I returned my concentration to the cock I was currently sucking. I deep throated Alex's cock, and began to swallow around his cock head. Alex let out a deep moan, as he enjoyed my throat massaging his hard cock head. Ken smirked, when he saw what I was doing. Ken began to pick up more speed, as he said, "Buddy, I want us to cum together in this boy. Let me know when you get ready to shoot. We can give this little guy a double injection of our cum."

Alex moaned out an ok, as he continued to enjoy me sucking his hard cock. I then withdrew his cock from my throat and began sucking on just his cock head. I trailed my tongue all around the crown and across his piss slit, making Alex's knees shake in pleasure. Ken had gone back to focusing on really slamming my ass deep and hard. I loved the feeling of both of my holes filled with hard cock. I remembered our early morning session of Ken and Alex fucking my ass, as I sucked Wayne and Bruce's hard cocks. 

It was easier for me to suck one cock at once, but the thought of those two bears pumping their hard cocks into my mouth at the same time made my cock jump. Alex started to moan louder and louder. He then called out, "I'm close, dude. I'm gonna shoot real soon."

I then began to bob my head as fast as I could up and down on Alex's hard cock, sucking as hard as I could. Ken then doubled his pace, as he fucked my ass. Alex was the first to moan loudly as he erupted in a splash of cum into my mouth. I continued to suck deeply on his hard cock, as I swallowed greedily. Ken then slammed his cock deep into my ass, and sprayed his load of thick hot cum inside me. I clinched my asshole around his cock, as I helped to milk his cum from his cock.

They were both moaning loudly as I worked both of their cocks inside me. I was sucking hard on Alex's cock, still bobbing my head up and down his cock shaft. I felt his cock jerk once more as I sucked the last spurt of cum out. Ken pumped his cock in and out of my ass a few more times, working all of his cum into me. They both then pulled their cocks out of my holes, as I caught my breath. I would have to get more massages here, if this was what I could expect.

Ken and Alex then put their shorts back on, as I climbed off the table and followed them out. I said goodbye, and turned towards the pool. I figured a nice cool dip, would feel great right now. Ken then called to me, "Hey, how about we join you and Antione, tonight? We can make it a real party. Hell, why don't we grab a few puppies too. Turn this into an nice orgy."

I was game as I said, "Sure, the more, the merrier."

I then walked to the pool and dove in. I swam a few laps at my usual pace, to work out my muscles. I kept my asshole clinched tight, so as to not leak in the pool. I doubted the other member would be happy about that, even given their sexual proclivities. I then started a lazy swimming pace all around the outside of the pool as I looked around to see who was out here. I spotted a few puppies and reds serving drinks and food to members. I recognized a few faces, but no one that had fucked me. I smirked as I considered working my way through the whole club membership, but decided that if it happened so be it. But it wasn't a real priority.

I stopped by the edge of the pool, and kicked my feet as I let my arms rest on the edge. I was enjoying the cool water on my naked body, when Tim approached me and asked if I wanted anything. I asked for a water. He nodded and went to fetch it. He returned quickly and handed it to me. I took a big sip, and then looked back a Tim. I asked if he had made it to work on time this morning. He smiled and said that he had. I nodded, when a thought came to me. I asked what he had planned after dinner.

He smiled back and said, "No plans. I get off work just when dinner is over. I don't have dirty dish or clean up detail this week, so I'm free right after. Why? What are you thinking?"

I smiled and said, "Antione, Ken, and Alex coming to my room after dinner. Ken and Alex are going to bring some puppies with them. Want to join in on some fun? It should be LOADS of action."

Tim's face lit up as he said, "They are all coming to your room? Yeah, I'd love to get in on that. Those two have fucked me a bunch of times. I love it when they tag team me. I've never had one of Antione's famous massages. I've heard they are great."

I smiled as I told him about my recent massage, and the after party with Ken and Alex. I could see Tim's pants were getting a little tight as he listened to my story. I knew he would definitely be there. I then said, "I was thinking I may need to but one of those double headed dildos, that Wayne and Bruce have. When you and I fucked ourselves with that, It was damn hot."

Tim nodded and agreed with me. Volunteering his ass, whenever I made that purchase. He was really excited about his upcoming initiation. I asked how many times did he expect to get fucked that night. He said, "Well from what I have heard, most of the members of the club that are bottoms, don't really get involved. They let the tops have a field day on us. Like I said earlier, we have found initiates passed out almost everywhere. All of them have been fucked into exhaustion. Whenever the top finishes, they are passed off to another top for them to use. I have no idea how many times I could be fucked until I actually need a nap. You saw me last night, I can go for hours. I could have kept right on going, but the Batmen needed a brake to get hard again."

I moaned at the thought of last nights activities, as I continued to tread water naked. I nodded to Tim, as I couldn't imagine being fucked so much, that I actually passed out. Tim then excused himself and got back to work, but promised to be at my room for what he called "the oil orgy." I laughed and said that I would save him a place. I then finished my water and swam a few more fast laps in the pool. I then got out and walked around naked, and let myself dry off naturally. I admit, it was a great feeling of walking around naked. I could see what all of those nudists, had going. But since most of those "colonies" were filled with unattractive people, I had no wish to join them.

I walked back into the resort, and made my way to the front desk. I asked the attendant what was for dinner. He seemed a little nervous as he rattled off the dinner menu. I smiled and thanked him, then walked away smirking that I had made him blush so much. I guess I spotted a red. I continued walking around the grounds, site seeing. I saw several puppies being pulled into member's rooms. I also saw numerous members going at it in random places. I saw a different front desk attendant, as he attempted to answer a member's questions. He seemed overly distracted my the simple questions. I then noticed a head bobbing at crotch level, behind the front desk.

I smirked as I recognized the red from earlier on his knees sucking the new attendants hard cock. I laughed to myself as I considered, asking a few questions just to rattle him more. But I decided to let him enjoy his blow job. I continued walking around until I saw The Batmen talking with James. I walked over and said hi to them. James was wearing his customary black leather pants and The Batmen, were still naked. James pretended to glare at me as he said, "So, when do you suppose I could have the pleasure of pounding that cute ass, again?"

I smiled and said, "Oh, anytime you want. Just ask them, I'm always looking for a hard cock for my ass or mouth. Isn't that right, guys?"

Wayne smirked as he said, "Yeah, this boy can take a hard cock any time. You should have been there last night, and this morning. Damn, I had to drink several bottles of water just to replace the fluids he and Timmy took from us."

James smiled as he said, "Well, then. Come with me."

He then grabbed my wrist and drug me along behind him. I smiled as I waved bye to Wayne and Bruce. James led me into his room and shut the door behind us. I stayed put, and waited for further instructions. James smirked at me as he leaned up against a wall, he then said, "Ok, boy. Get on your knees and come suck my cock."

I immediately dropped to my knees and crawled over to him. I placed my hands on his ass cheeks and began to lick and suck his crotch area, through his leather pants. I noticed that his pants didn't have a usual zipper, but actually had a cod piece, that held his cock and balls in place. The whole thing was attached to his pants by a series of metal snaps, all the way around his crotch. I was not sure how much pleasure he could get from this. His leather pants were so thick, that I wondered if he could even feel it. But I continued on licking the bulge in his pants and sucking along the length of his cock shaft. 

All the while as I continued to do this, I was massaging and kneading his ass cheeks. James was smirking down at me, as he enjoyed having me at his mercy again. He then said, "Ok, boy. You may now remove my cock and show me how good of a cock sucker you really are."
