 A few weeks ago I had been requested to teach a class on sucking cock and ass rimming by James. I had scheduled everything with Dan, and now I was in the "party room" waiting for everyone to get here. I had asked James, Ken, and Alex to attend. They were happy to do so, once I told them what I had in mind. I had organized this class on the club's website, and immediately started getting RSVPs. The class was open to all members, though I expected mostly bottoms to attend, and was mandatory to the initiates (reds and puppies). I nodded to Tim, Johnny, and Sammy when they arrived and took their seats.

James was manning the door and had checked off all the names of those who had sent a RSVP, plus all of the reds and puppies. I had numerous tables set up and chairs set up so they were all facing me at the front of the room. I had a box full of different sized dildos (all thoroughly cleaned boy the reds) at each table. Once everyone had taken his seat, James joined me, Ken, and Alex at the front of the room. I began by welcoming everyone to the class.

I then picked up my own dildo and said, "Ok, now I have been asked to teach this class on the proper techniques of sucking cock and rimming ass. As you can see, I have placed a box of different sized dildos at each table. Now I will be showing you all techniques that I use. First off, the cock head or crown in the most sensitive part of the cock. I hope I don't have to explain that to all of you. No? Ok, then. I have asked James, Ken, and Alex here to act as assistants and judges, if you will."

James muttered an off handed remark about being my assistant. I ignored him as I continued, "They are here so that you all can demonstrate the techniques I will tech you tonight on an actual hard cock. And they will be able to supply you with real world suggestions and criticism on your techniques. Gentlemen, if you please?"

At this, James, Ken, and Alex all unzipped their pants to reveal their hard cocks, earning them all a round of applause from the audience. When the room calmed down, I continued, "Ok, as I have said, the cock head is the most sensitive part of the cock. You should spend most of your effort in stimulating this part of the cock. Now there are two basic reasons for sucking cock: to get your partner off or to get your partner hard. These techniques I am about to teach you apply to both reasons."

"First technique, sucking the cock head. I want all of you to choose a dildo from the box on your table. The size of the dildo you choose it up to you. Don't get overzealous and choose the biggest just to impress. I want you to learn proper technique. You can practice on your own or with a partner later. Also, you will notice that during all of this, your hands are free. There are numerous things to do with your hands: stoking yourself, stroking the cock shaft of your partner, massaging or manipulating his balls, and fingering his asshole. What you do with your hands will depend on you and your partner, also it will depend on if your hands are shackled or not."

I looked at James as I said that last point, earning a smirk from him and numerous chuckles and giggles from the audience. I continued, "Now sucking the cock head. I want each of you to place the dildo in your mouth, but only as far as the cock head. You lips should be just at the rear of the head."

I watched as everyone did as I said, then continued, "Now, what you want to do is suck as hard as you want. Run your tongue over all of the head. Its also great for your partner if you run your tongue over the piss slit. Now everyone try that. I want you to imagine that you are trying to suck his skull out through his cock head. You can get a real feel for what you are doing my rubbing you your own cock, but don't get carried away this will be a lengthy class. So no one get overzealous when you touch yourself. This technique is pretty basic and is easy to do. Any questions on this technique?"

I saw that no one raised their hand or spoke up so I continued, "Now I want you all to form three lines, one in front of each of my assistants here."

Everyone got up and formed lines like I asked. Once everyone was settled, I added, "Now I want each of you to practice on either James, Ken, or Alex. So, first up, go ahead. Now remember, this is just demonstrating that you understand the technique. Once you feel a tap on your head, stop and listen to what they tell you. Then go back to your seats."

Each person at the front of the line stepped up and dropped to their knees in front of their intended judges. They then wrapped their lips around their appointed cocks and started sucking. I walked around making sure they all understood what I had explained to them. One by one the judges tapped the students on the head, and gave them either a thumbs up or told them what to do to improve their performance. I had chosen each judge, because I had sucked each of their cocks using these techniques and they knew what to expect.

As each new student to the place of the one the preceded them, I continued to walk around and give advice and answer questions. As I had said, this was a basic technique that was easy to do, so I wasn't expecting any major difficulties. 

Once everyone had taken their turn and then sat back down, I continued, "Ok, any questions so far? Don't be shy. No? Ok, judges, any advice from you?"

James, Ken, and Alex all shook their heads negatively. James muttered something about me being a cock blocker, making Ken snicker. I ignored them as I continued the class, "Now then next technique is also pretty simple. Sucking the cock shaft. This is the technique that is most common, and also the technique most performed incorrectly. What you want to do is open your mouth as far as you can. You want to wrap your lips around the cock and bob you head up and down or back and forth, depending on your position." 

"Your teeth should never come into contact with the cock, that is paramount. A sharp tooth scraping along a hard cock, can ruin a blow job. Unless your partner enjoys a little pain, but again that is his decision. If you have difficulty in performing this because you can't open your mouth wide enough or if you partner has a wider than normal cock, place your lips around the cock and your teeth over the insides of your lips. Like your pretending to be an old toothless man."

"When you have that covered you want to bob your head along the cock shaft, sucking as hard as you can. You should also run your tongue along the cock shaft as you suck. Again, imagine that you are trying to suck his skull out through his cock. You want to suck as hard as you can. Using your tongue will help build up a lot of spit in your mouth and that should help lubricate the cock allowing your lips to move over it easier. Any questions so far on this technique?"

I looked around the room and saw now hands raised, so I continued, "Now I want you to try this technique on your dildos. Don't get overeager and try to deep throat it, just go slow and use this technique for now."

I again watched as all members of the audience began sucking the dildos they had chosen. Seeing them all look like they had the basic technique down pat, I continued, "Now, again you will notice that your hands are still free to use in whatever manner you find most appropriate. Now that everyone seems to have that down, come one and form three lines again."

Everyone again formed lines in front of my smirking assistants. James the growled out at everyone in line, "Any of you who uses teeth on us tonight, gets to answer to me for an hour long punishment session. You boys all got that?"

The initiates all nodded fearfully. I then added, "Ok, now demonstrate what I have explained. And try not to be too nervous, James is really a big softy. He just pretends to be big and bad."

James glared at me, muttering, "I'll show you big and bad, boy."

The person in front again dropped to their knees and began sucking on their appointed judge's cock. I stood back and let the judges critique the students and give advice as they saw fit. I smiled when I saw a few fearful looks of some of the initiates, as they knelt down in front of James. But judging by my assistants quiet moans, everyone of the audience did not use teeth. As one was judged to be getting the technique right he was tapped on the head by his judge and told to sit back down. I noticed a few had to be told to stop or tapped on the head a few times, before they actually gave up sucking the cock in their mouth. I smiled at the sight of these eager bottoms. 

Once everyone had had a turn and then retaken their seat, I continued, "Now any questions on that technique? No? Ok, then. The last technique I will teach you on sucking cock is a bit more advanced. It involves deep throating. Now not all of you will be able to perform this if you have an overly sensitive gag reflex. I am lucky that I apparently have no gag reflex whatsoever."

This last statement of mine earned me a few choice agreements from James, Ken, and Alex. I again ignored them and continued, "Now this technique requires you to take the cock all the way into your mouth until the cock head is actually in your throat. Now you may feel a sudden burst of panic when you attempt this for the first time, because when the cock head is nestled in your throat, you won't be able to breathe. I will say this again, so that you all hear me. When you have the cock head all the way in your throat, you won't be able to breathe."

"So you can only do this technique for as long as you can hold your breath. I suggest you only attempt to push your own boundaries when you are with a partner you trust completely or by yourself with a dildo. Also, very important. If you do use a dildo to practice, I would highly advise you to use a dildo that has a set of balls or is long enough so you can firmly grasp the other end. One danger in attempting this with a dildo is having the dildo go too far down your throat, which can lead to suffocation. So tread carefully."

I looked out over the crowd, so that they truly understood what I was saying. Once I saw that they understood, I continued, "Now also a danger when you do this, is if the guy you are sucking grabs your head and won't let you breathe. I know some people find this to be sexy, but it is a real danger to you. If you find yourself in this position against your will, do whatever you have to do in order to stay safe."

James then tapped me on the shoulder, and said, "Let me add something her to the initiates."

I nodded and let him have the floor. He stepped up saying, "Now this is to all of you initiates. This has never happened here, and I hope it never does. But if you should ever find yourself in the position of having a member doing anything like this or anything else that you are not completely comfortable with, you tell him to stop or ge the hell out of there. Then come and tell any member of the club or member of the council."

"You are all here voluntarily. You all hope to be members one day. That doesn't mean you have to do anything that you don't want to do. Dan is in charge of you initiates, but any club member or member of the council will back you up one hundred percent if someone tries to do something with you that you don't like. Does everyone understand that?"

He was answered my the member nodding, and the initiates saying, "Yes, Sir."

James then nodded to me, and I continued, "Now this technique as I have said requires you to deep throat the cock until the cock head is in your throat. Once it is firmly in your throat, all you have to do is swallow. When you do this, your throat muscles will move over the cock head, massaging it with amazing results. Trust me on this, the guy you are sucking will be over the moon if you do this correctly."

This statement earned me another set of agreements from James, Alex, and Ken. I then said, "Any questions so far?"

This time an initiate did raise his hand. I called on him. He immediately stood up at attention, and asked, "Sir, how do we work on perfecting our gag reflexes, if we can't deep throat a cock without gagging?"

I nodded and answered, "Ok, again the best way to work on getting around your own gag reflex is to just keep trying with an understanding partner or by yourself with a dildo. Practice, practice, practice. That's the best advice I can give."

The initiate nodded, and sat back down. I then continued, " Now remember, even if your gag reflex allows you to do this, you won't be able to do it for long. Remember you can only do this for as long as you can hold your breath. Again that's something for you to practice. Now each of try on your dildos. And remember, you don't get a prize by getting this right the first time you try. Get it right, then your partner will give you a prize."

This last statement earned me loud laughs around the room. I then watched as all of the audience attempted this last technique on their dildos. Some were able to do it the first time, others had more trouble. I watched as they all kept at it. Some were able to finally get it, but others seemed to need more practice. I then said, "Ok, now I see some of you are having difficulty with this on. And that is fine. This is a difficult technique to master. So all of you watch me. If you look closely, when I do this you will see a slight bulge in my throat when the cock head enters it. 

I took a long double headed dildo, and demonstrated this technique in front of the class. I opened my mouth wide, and let the dildo slide into my mouth. I then took it into my throat. Once I felt the cock head was firmly in my throat, I pointed to the slight bulge that was now visible on my neck. I turned my head so everyone saw what had explained. I then swallowed a few times to demonstrate the technique. Once I had shown everyone what I was talking about, I withdrew the dildo. 

I then looked back over the audience and said, "Ok, now anyone who wants to attempt this on my assistants, please step forward. Before you all step up here, remember you may not be able to do this correctly the first time. So don't think you have to attempt it tonight. But for those of you that want to try, come on up."

Most of the audience members got out of their chairs and formed lines as before. They then each dropped to their knees and attempted to deep throat the judges hard cocks. A few were able to get the technique right away, but most needed a few tries to accomplish this more difficult task. I spoke with a few of them and gave them some advice. A few of the ones who didn't attempt to try on a real cock approached me for advice.

I listened to their questions and advised them as best I could. I told them that they may not be able to accomplish this no matter how much they practiced. Some peoples gag reflexes are so pronounced, that deep throating was out of the question. They all seemed to understand this, and thanked me for my advice. Once everyone had taken their seats again, I added, "Now these techniques are what I use the most. I like to go through them in the order that I have just explained to you. I start with sucking the cock head, then move on to sucking the cock shaft, and then deep throat them. Once I have held my breath for as long as I can, I slowly withdraw the cock from my throat and suck the shaft, as I move it out of my mouth so I can start sucking the cock head again. I then start the whole process over again. I haven't gotten any complaints yet."

"Now this is just how I do it. Feel free so experiment with other ways or tweak what I have taught here tonight. Any questions on anything I have said so far?"

Everyone seemed to understand me, so I continued, "Ok then. Now on to the next area, rimming an asshole. These are simple techniques to use when you rim someone. First of all, when you are rimming someone, your tongue should be as hard as you can make it. Much like and limp cock, you won't be able to stick your tongue into someone's asshole if your tongue is limp. Now, something you need to really understand is that everybody's likes and dislikes may not be the same. What someone may love, someone else may hate."

"So the first thing to remember is that there is no one right way to do anything, licking ass included. But I have a few techniques that I use that always get a guy hot and ready for fun. First, very simply tongue fucking. This involves using your tongue like a little cock, and thrusting it in and out of and asshole. It's easy to do and doesn't require you to do anything special. Any questions on that? No? ok the next is to simply sweep your tongue from left to right inside someone's ass. Again, very simple. The last thing is what you may expect, sweeping your tongue up and down in someone's ass."

Now like I said, everyone is different, so the best thing to do is experiment and try different techniques when you are rimming and asshole. Listen to him. Does his breathing pickup? Does he moan louder? Does his asshole clinch up when you hit a certain spot? Does he tell you to keep doing this or that? Like I said, very simple. Now, who wants to try these techniques on my assistants?"

All the audience members raised their hands. I smirked and turned to James, Ken, and Alex saying, "Gentlemen, if you would."

My assistants then dropped their pants, and turned around to present their shaved smooth asses. I faced the audience again, saying, "Ok. Form three lines again. Lets see if you can do these simple techniques on a real asshole."

Three lines were quickly formed, as each audience member seemed overjoyed with the prospect of shoving their tongues up my assistants asses. I smiled as I watch each person drop to their knees and begin using the techniques I had just discussed. Going by the judges moans and compliments, the audience listened well. I saw no reason to critique or add anything else, as I saw each guy appear to be doing an excellent job of licking asshole.

Once everyone had taken their seats again, I asked, "Ok, that's it for the class. Any questions? Is there anything that you are unclear on, or that I didn't cover?"

No one raised their hands, so I dismissed the class. I saw James grab a puppy by the wrist and leave the room. So I suppose he intended to find out how well the puppy had been listening during the class. I walked over to Ken and Alex, as they chatted with a few initiates and club members. They all complimented me on the class, and said that they were going to take a few puppies to their room for some "additional practice." I laughed and told them to have fun.