 For 30 years I have denied that I enjoy sex with men, as well as women, even when I am having it. I'll sit and watch a porn movie, wishing not that I was the cock being sucked, but that I was the mouth doing the sucking and the face being creamed -- I blank out the face of the actress and can only see me.

After my experience in the porn cinema, when all my cherries were popped, I could not resist return visits, after all it was on my way home. I had become a regular and being "young meat" I had attracted a following. After a couple of weeks, I stopped going when my funds began to reduce. I bumped into the manager one day and he asked why the absence, I explained. He said, "Look you seem to be bringing in the punters, they are asking for you, I'll tell you what, I'll let you in for free on a trial basis and play your cards right, you could top up your grant."

I told him that I'd think about it and if he saw me there he would know the answer, he ran his hand over the lump in my trousers, "Tomorrow then!". I am sure I went bright red, but nevertheless nodded agreement.

On the train home, I went into an individual carriage, there was just an older guy there sleeping opposite me. My journey was a direct train and took an hour usually. As I slumped in my seat, I began to drift off to an erotic dream of sex in the cinema. I woke with a start as I realized that I had been fondling myself. I looked down and there was a large wet spot on my trousers, I had slumped further in my chair and my leg was against my fellow passengers, who was watching me with a big smile on his face. Looking at my lump, ran his tongue along his lips. Whilst rubbing his leg up to the top of my thigh, with no sign of discouragement, he patted the seat beside him. I stood up and he reached forward, deftly he undid my trouser button and unzipped my pants. I have always had the problem of producing voluminous amounts of pre cum, when turned on and boy was I turned on. Allowing the drips to fall on his hand he then licked them off, before taking my cock between his lips and fellating my member, nibbling my foreskin, before sucking me in deep. One hand circled around my scrotum, just above my balls. With each suck, he pulled down on my ball bag. His other hind had worked its way behind me and was searching for my young puckered holes. In those days it was tight and he had to bring his finger back round for some pre cum as lubricant before entering me.

Had anyone ever dreamed that they could be standing in a railway carriage, with a man old enough to be their fathers father, with my pants round my ankles, being sucked off whilst a finger played between my buttocks. Even now the idea excites me.

As his finger found its spots inside my ass, and his sucks were longer and harder, plus the overall excitement of the situation and the earlier thoughts of selling my body, I suddenly came with a huge explosion and as much as he tried to swallow, my juice ran out of his mouth down his chin. 

He wiped his mouth and moved my head down so that we could tangle tongues. Before I realized it he pointed out that we would be in a station in a few minutes and maybe it would be wise for me to pull up my pants. As I did so, I explained this was my stop and that I was sorry that I would not be able to return the benefit.

As the train pulled in, he grabbed my hand and suggested I come with him, he was only the next stop and he would buy me a drink and pay for my taxi home. I thought what the hell, I was only going to watch tv and heat up a fridge meal. As the train pulled in I said OK and bent down and kissed him. Two old women came to the carriage entrance, but on seeing this 22 year old lad French kissing a 60 year old man, they turned tail to another compartment.

As the train took off we continued to kiss and pett, I was looking forward to the sight of his dick, but the next stop was only five minutes away, so I would have to wait.

At our destination we stopped, and looked for a cab. The cab was directed to a wine bar about 10 minutes away, inside the cab we behaved ourselves.

The Wine bar was blacked out, so no one could see from outside, inside it was dimly lit, we went and sat in a booth. My friend let me go in first and then sat next to me. He ordered a bottle of red wine, I looked around and it was obviously a gay venue. Whilst it was only 17.30 in the evening, I could see various couples kissing. It was mainly 40 pluses, although there was one couple of more like 35 and 40. No one seemed intimidated by the activity going on, baring in mind this was the late 70's, I was not used to open gay activity in a bar.

As we waited for our wine and food he turned his head towards me and we gently pursed lips, his arm went around my back and he pulled me closer and towards him, as his tongue delved deep into my mouth. He placed his hand on mine and guide me to his hard lump, it felt good and solid as I squeezed, while we kissed. As our order arrived, I went to withdraw, but he pulled me back and simply pointed to the table for the order to be placed. My hand was being humped by him and my mouth devoured. We both came up for air and he poured our wine and a glass of water. As we drank, he undid his fly, I looked around to see if anyone noticed, but everybody was busy or did not care. To my surprise, the arm around my back moved up to the back of my head and just as I was admiring his uncut cock, I was pushed down, my mouth automatically opened and with my lips I pushed his skin down and started sucking. I maneuvered my hands round so that one held his balls squeezing and stroking and the other alternated with my mouth up and down his shaft. Whilst I tongued and nibbled his hefty foreskin, my hand was tossing him. As his hips started to buck uncontrollably, he pushed me off. "Not as young as I once was, you can have the cream later."

He indicated that we should eat. With no embarrassment he ate while his clothing remained open and his erection only slightly softened. The wine was good and mixed with his pre cum was very pleasant. I looked around the room and whilst there were a couple of appreciative smiles most guys were ignoring us. I am not sure I would have been able to in their situation.

My focus returned to my friend, as I felt his hand on my fly. Expertly he undid them and pulled out my cock. One of the joys of youth, which has long since faded, is the ability to multi cum. As an exhibitionist and sure that he would not do this if it were not allowed, I happily sat back while he stroked me.

Maybe it was because I was young meat, but there was more attention now, and I could see guys stroking themselves whilst watching us.

Taking a sip of wine he dropped his mouth down, pulled my balls out of my pants and began licking them, allowing great globules of spit to wash them, before running his tongue over them.

Some one else came over to join in but he was quickly ushered away, apparently there was no sharing in here. He came up for air and returned to tonguing my mouth, we soon had each others saliva running down our chins. It must have looked a real sight in there, this older man and younger guy swapping saliva and tongue, the idea of being watched turned me in even more.

He whispered in my ear that he needed a pee and I realized that I did too. I decided to join him, he did himself up but stopped me from doing so. "Let them see!" He ordered.

I walked across to the toilets holding his hand with my cock hanging out. The toilets themselves (there were only one set, no ladies), were large but there were no urinals, just a big, I suppose you would say, communal area then five fairly roomy cubicles. I went into one and as I peed, his hands came round, one held my cock, the other put a couple of fingers in the stream, which he then took to his mouth and licked. The hand on my cock was making me hard again. Having licked his other hand clean, he undid the top of my button and started to push my trousers down, with my back to him , I was unclear of what was happening, but as he bent me over I realized, his cock was pushed between my buttocks and quickly he located my man cunt, there was a round of applause and I realized we had been followed in, a cock appeared through a hole in the wall (so this is what a glory hole is!). I grabbed it as best I could and at the same time pushed my ass back, it was not an easy entry, but I had become quite partial to a dry ride.

As I looked back through my legs I could see him humping away, pants between his legs, he was holding my hips and hammering as hard as he could, the squeezing and jerking of the cock through the hole resulted in a sudden stream of cum flying at me.

The thrusts up my ass, got stronger, the whispers in my ears of dirty little slut, became shouts and soon hot liquid was being shot up me, I had not told him of my penchant for multiple cock sessions, but either he did not care or he had guessed, as no sooner had he moved than he was replaced, this time his cum acted as his replacements lubricant. He reached round and as he thrust, he jerked my cock, soon I was cumming over the toilet seat and this resulted in his emission, as he withdrew and shot over my back. I had enough time to turn round before I was pushed onto my back onto the cum covered seat and my next partner lifted my feet over his shoulders, before ramming into me. As I said, youth was on my side and another serious erection ensued. Another cock, came through the glory hole, I recognized it, it belonged to my original friend, I could not reach from this position, but I should not have worried, he had come to the toilets for a different purpose and now he was ready to fulfill it -- a steady stream of yellow liquid pumped into my face, the guy pumping my ass, thrust harder and told me to drink, I opened my mouth, to taste the salty liquid. The voice from behind the hole told me what a good boy I was. The final cock inside me came with one last thrust, I was filled. Unlike the Cinema however, there was not a long queue of guys awaiting my ass and within minutes I was lying there half dressed, with my friend. As I lay on the floor of the toilet he came in as naked as the day he was born and straddled my face, before lowering his ass over my face, I had never rimmed before, but I knew this was just another form of enlightenment and soon my tongue was lashing at his puckered hole. He then got up and ran his fingers through the cum and piss feeding it to me on his fingers, while I energetically had a final cum, which he caught in the cup of his hand raised to his mouth and then shared with me.

My memory is interrupted as I hear my wife calling me down from my office, I am not much younger now than the friend I had from the train and no longer am I invited but am now the initiator, in bars and parks and saunas as and when that urge for men, becomes irresistible and over whelming ...