 I am a 51 yo, mwm. I had some teen experiences, too. Mostly oral, but I received anal a couple of times and thought it was great. When I got married, I put down the active play, but I still used the memories of it as masturbation material. I'm sure you know what I mean....I'll bet you do too!

About 5 years ago, I met a (divorced) guy via our mutual interests in clock (and other mechanicals) repair. Over time we discussed a lot of things. Sex became one of them. At some point we brought up our premarital MM experiences. Like me, he had not done anything with another guy since his late teen years. It only came up once and was dropped rather quickly.

I started pondering about the possibilities of trying it again. Once I started thinking about it more often, the thinking became more like an urge. I was conflicted on a number of issues one of which is that I'm married and need to keep it that way. I also couldn't decide if my friendship with Joel was strong enough yet to gamble bringing the subject up again.

One evening it all just fell into place. We were working on rebuilding one of his old Conn theater organs when he simply said, "I'm not quite sure how to bring this up so I'll just let it fly and see what you think". 

My first thought was that he was afraid to make a comment on how I was re-doing the electronics on the keyboard. I'm a stickler for trying to maintain an original style or method to retain the flavor of originality. He's more of a let's just get it done guy. Boy was I off base!

"I think I might be bi" was what was actually on his mind. I wasn't really ready to hear that because we were knee-deep in the project and it just kind of came out of nowhere. I just told him I didn't hear what he said (it hadn't registered with me yet). He just said to forget it.

I guess it was at that moment it registered with me. 

It took me another second or two, but I finally told him that I might be bi, too. He told me that if I ever really wanted to do something about that, he would be open to us getting together.

I can remember the sensation of my heart pounding in my ears as I was processing all of this. I somehow managed to croak out something like "So what should we do about it?"

He said "Why don't I grab a porno from upstairs. We can watch it and jerk off or something." I said that maybe we could try that. He didn't say anything more, he just went upstairs.

I figured I ought to at least wash my hands. They were kind if grungy from the crud that had accumulated on the keyboard. I went into the bathroom to clean up when I heard his shower running upstairs. It occurred to me that this might get "serious" so instead of just washing my hands I stripped off and stepped into the shower stall. Not knowing how far this was actually going to go, I figured I should at least get the ol' "undercarriage" soapy and clean.

When I turned off the shower, I could hear him kind of knocking around a bit in his den area just outside the bathroom. I wasn't sure if I should get dressed and go out, wrap a towel around myself or just walk out naked. I cracked open the door and peeked out to see him in his bathrobe fooling with the DVD and the TV. I opted for the towel.

I walked out wearing just that towel around my waist. He looked at me and pointed to a bath size towel he'd brought down for me. "Why don't you wrap that around yourself, too so you don't get chilled", he said. I took him up on the offer.

When I picked up the offered towel, I couldn't help but notice that the front of his robe was tented out a bit. That got my juices flowing, too. My Mr. Happy started getting much happier!

He finally got the DVD set and punched the play button. He just walked over to the sofa, sat down and told me to have a seat and enjoy the movie. A little unsure of myself, I sat about 3 feet away but still next to him on the couch. We both just breathed for a few seconds while the FBI copyright warning flashed across the screen. Neither of us knew where this was going to take us, but it sure was exciting in an odd sort of way.

He had picked an amateur girl-girl flick for us to watch. It was a pretty good choice since that stuff turns me on. It had a pretty slow buildup but neither Joel nor I looked at anything but the screen.

Once the girls got things going on the porno, I found I was getting even more turned on than before. Joel was obviously getting turned on as his erection was pointing straight out of the opening of his robe. He caught me looking at him and just said "I guess somebody has to get this started." With that he grasped his cock and started slowly stroking himself. 

I watched for only a moment. I didn't know what was turning me on more - the flick on the TV or Joel handling his cock. I simply pulled the towel away from my lap and started stroking myself at about the same pace he was working his

"Why don't you move a little closer?" he asked. I just stood up and went to move the towel I had been sitting on when he reached out and grasped my cock. He kind of directed me with it so I was standing right in front of him. He started to stroke my cock for me and reached up to fondle my balls, too -I love having my balls played with.

Well, when in Rome, do as the Romans do. I reached down and grasped his shaft trying to stroke him as good as I could, given the awkward angle.

In just a few seconds, the awkward angle was meaningless as he brought his head forward and replaced the hand on my cock with his tongue and his mouth. I had to take my hand off his member to really enjoy this. It felt GREAT!!! 

He worked my nuts while licking the head and first couple inches of my dick in his mouth. Sliding his mouth up and down my shaft I completely lost track of why I had hesitated trying this again!

The hand that had been massaging my balls crept in a little further until one of his fingers was just brushing up against my anus. He probed a bit until he found the center and just circled there lightly pressing that sensitive area. Boy, if I thought things felt good before - they REALLY felt good now. I love having that part of me played with during sex. The wet mouth plunging around my cock combined with the gentle squeeze of my scrotum and the pressure on my rosebud was nothing short of spectacular. 

The only problem was that I didn't want to go over the edge just yet. I enjoyed this enough to go on for another 30 seconds or so. 

At that point, I pulled away and sat next to him. It only took a second before I grabbed his tool and started licking the head of his still-rigid pole. He put his hand on the back of my shoulders and pulled his heel up to the edge of the sofa. I had a pretty good idea that he wanted some of the same treatment he had given me.

I reached for his sac. He reacted quickly pulling away as his balls are very sensitive. He simply said "I want the other thing." I knew what he meant. I lifted my mouth from his cock for only a moment so I could readjust my position and seek out his most private area.

Once I found it. I took his cock back into my wet mouth plunging down on it to maximize his pleasure. Pressing my finger at his nether opening was about all he could take. He started a short series of loud but quick grunts. I knew he was getting close. "Stop! Stop!" was all he could manage. 

He took me off his cock and pulled me to the carpeted floor. I got on my side thinking he might be looking to 69. Instead he walked over to the drawer on one of his end tables and got out a small tube of what turned out to be lubricant. I wasn't sure I was quite ready for what I thought he was getting ready for, but when in Rome....

It turned out that THAT wasn't really what he was going for. "Roll onto your back. There's something I'd like to try that I'm sure you'll enjoy." he said. "Now raise your knees". Which I did while he came down to his knees next to me. 

Opening the cap, he put a glob of the lube on the finger of one hand while grasping and stroking my cock with the other. With his wetted finger, he sought out and found my rear opening once again. He circled there with the lubricant a few times then pushed in just an inch or so. He removed his finger, added some more lube and repeated the process. This time he slid in just a little deeper before backing out a bit. Then in again and out again - all the while maintaining the up and down stroke on my cock with his remaining hand. This was feeling GOOOOOOOD.

After a few more moments of this, he pushed that rear finger in very deeply. Seeking out and finding my prostate he pushed and circled it. Once again he replaced the hand on my member with his mouth taking me in as deeply as he could. As he took me in deeply, he pulled his probing finger back a few inches. He lifted his mouth from the base of my cock to concentrate his swirling tongue on its swollen head. Once again that finger plunged into my depths to nudge the gland inside me there. 

Again and again he repeated the process. His mouth sliding up and down my cock. His finger slipping in and out of my backside. I couldn't hold back any longer and tried to pull him off my cock. He simply mumbled "Go ahead" and continued his ministrations. I arched my back as I emptied the complete contents of my balls into his sucking mouth. My penis shot rope after rope of hot sperm with each deep plunge of his mouth on my cock. 

At some point I just ran out of those flowing juices. He ceased his ministrations and pulled away smiling.

I needed a few minutes to catch my breath. It was time to repay the favor (at the very least)! I asked him how he'd like me to finish him off. He just said "Stay where you are, there's something I've wanted to try". 

With that he straddled my chest and leaned forward so his hands were above my head. This presented his straining cock to me directly at mouth level. He wagged his cock a few times across my face while I tried catching it in my mouth. Soon enough, he slid his engorged cock into my mouth and began a fucking motion. He simply wanted me to lay back while he pistoned his cock back and forth.

Again, I reached up to gently massage his balls and again he stopped me, but not because he didn't like the feeling this time. "I'm getting really close", he said. I moved my hand away and let him do his thing.

His thrusting got more frantic, occasionally jabbing the head of his cock into the back of my throat. Then I felt the head of his tool get even larger than it already was. I knew what was coming and I knew I was ready.

I felt two firm jets of his semen pulse into my mouth when he suddenly pulled himself out of my mouth. With his fist he pumped the remainder of his load on my cheek and forehead. Once he had fully ejaculated, he nudged my mouth with his cock. I opened my mouth once again allowing him to slowly stroke in and out until his lust was fully spent.

When his lust was fully sated, he pulled away and grabbed the towel from the sofa. He wiped his cum off my face. 

He grabbed his robe, put it on and passed me the oversized bath towel he had laid out earlier. I wrapped the towel around myself. We both sat up and leaned back. Using the base of the sofa to prop ourselves up, we watched the last fifteen minutes of the girls and their homemade porno.

When it finally ended, Joel turned to me and said "I have more like that. Wanna watch another?"