 Chapter 1- Liam 

Before I start the story let me tell you what we look like

Kalum- Slim, Blue eyes, 6,1, Brown hair, slightly hairy, 6-inch cock, Bottom, 23 years old

Liam- Athletic build, Blonde, green eyes, 6,4, Hair where it matters, 9-inch cock, top, 22 years old

Myself and Liam have been friends ever since we were young, and I have watched him flourish into a strong sexy man. The way that he presents himself is such a turn on. From his Killer smile to his sexy swagger when he walks.

I have known since I was a teen that I was attracted to him, but he has always been straight in my eyes, with a new girlfriend every 6 month or so. That was until one night when we were 18.

I went around Liam's house as we were supposed to be going out for his birthday, he was 18 and finally a man although he had been drinking a since he was 16, I don't know why he drinks because he turns into a drunken mess when he drinks. He can barely stand up and I must carry him home but anyway tonight was his birthday and we were going to celebrate it with a few (Dozen) beers. Anyway, his mother let me in the house and told me that he would be a few minutes. 

After waiting very patiently for 15 minutes I went to go and see where he was. In the time I had been waiting for him his parents had left to go on date night, so it was just me and him in the house, (This is getting predictable right). I crept up the stairs and I could hear a strange noise coming from his room, but I thought nothing of it. Liam does like to play on his Xbox and does play some weird games. I opened the door, and nothing could have prepared me for what I was going to see.

I walked through his door and there he was led on his bed with his phone in his hand and he was butt ass naked. I had to pinch myself to see if I was dreaming. Then I saw it, his beautiful cock. Although it was only for a second, I remember it perfectly. It was rock hard, looked to be 9 inches long with a slight right curve but only slight. His balls were as big as golf balls and slightly hairy. His cock head was pink and dripping pre-cum on to his hands and above his big cock was a patch of chestnut brown pubic hair. I was in literal heaven, well for that second until he noticed me.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE."

He shouts at me covering his erection with a pillow as I run out the door. I Run down the stairs and go to grab the door handle, I heat footsteps behind me and a hand grabbing my collar. Before I knew it, I was swing left into the living room and hit the couch. 

"Dude do you never knock."

He shouts at me with a clear boner still in his white boxer shorts. 

"I... I... I'm sorry I wanted to see if you were ready to go I didn't know you were, you know."

"WELL NEXT TIME JUST WAIT OUTSIDE."

He shouts at me. And then a smirk comes across his face. . A smile appeared across his face and the next words that came out of his mouth made my heart sink. 

"I know you are gay."

He said to me. In that moment I could have vomited up my own heart, but I was cut off before I could speak. 

"And I know you have a crush on me."

I went to stand up to leave but he pushed me on the sofa.

"Now I'm not gay But I'm very horny and I need to cum, so you are going to help me."

Before I could answer he pulled me onto my feet and pressed his soft lips against mine. I was too shocked to say anything, but I did want this to happen so who was I to stop it. His tongue crept into my mouth and wrapped around mine, god he tasted good. Soon our tongues were fighting for dominance and it was getting steamier, he has pushed me on the sofa and had put my hand on his raging erection. I kissed down his body all the way to his sensitive nipples before talking one in my mouth and biting it lightly. 

"OHHHH FUCK."

Liam moans signalling he is enjoying it. I kiss down his sex slender body before stopping at his Underwear. I Lick It through his underwear making him moan very loudly. I take the waistband which is wet with Pre-Cum and Slowly pull them down. I daren't look at it but when I do I cant believe my eyes. Its so perfect, I reach out and slowly begin to roll his foreskin back and forth over his glistening head. 

"Oh fuck, just suck it now." 

He moaned to me. I put my face closer and I could smell the amazing scent of his Pre-Cum. I stuck my tongue out and tasted some of the salty Nectar, I flicked my head over the head and in the slit listening to him moan and buck his hips. 

"More, suck more."

He tells me before grabbing my hair and slowly pushing me down on his cock. It slides down my throat all the time he is watching me, waiting for me to gag on his huge cock. When I hit his Bush of Pubes with my nose he lets out a little whimper and his knees buckled a bit. 

"Oh, fuck your good, nobody has ever taken that much before."

He moans before letting my head go. I lick up his long shaft licking the head again before licking down the underside and licking a figure of 8 around his balls before popping one of them in my mouth and sucking it. Liam moans. I lick and suck them for around 5 minutes before going back to his big thick cock. I bob up and down on his cock making him so weak at the Knees he needs to sit down. He pulls me off his cock and rams his tongue down my throat.

He takes all my clothes of and begins to wank my rock hard 6-inch cock, I am still in shock that this is even happening. I need to pinch myself to see if I'm dreaming. Then Liam gets very brave,

"Lick my ass."

He whispers into my ear. That took me by surprise a little, I had always admired his ass and I couldn't believe I was going to Rim it. He turned around still on top of me and backed his sweet ass into my face. He smiled and wiggled it. I slapped his ass and watched it Jiggle its safe to say that Liam has a Phat ass. His ass was Juicy and round with a slight hint of hair across his crack. I pulled his butt cheeks apart and saw his tight pink rosebud. It winked at me and he whispered.

"PLEASE put your tongue in my fucking ass." 

He then leaned back and smothered me with his juicy ass. I licked around the hole first tasting the tanginess of his ass, it was certainly clean and tasted so good. He moaned and sat back further pushing my face deeper into his ass. My tongue goes in his hole and he lost it. He begins to buck his hips and push on my face. His ass tastes so good, like I have always dreamed. I continue to lick his ass for around 10 minutes. He quickly climbs off me and forces his tongue in my mouth, moaning as he does. . We make out for around 5 minutes before he tells me the one thing I have been dreaming about. 

"Let me fuck you." 

He tells me looking straight into my eyes. I nod my head and he goes to get a condom. I take his hand and whisper to him, 

"I want to feel you cum inside me."

I notice his cock twitch as I said that. He nods and goes to get some lube from the cabinet. When he walks in I am ready for him with my legs up in the air. I feel something cool and wet on my ass, then a finger rubbing against my hole. Liam moans to me I can't even say anything I'm in heaven. He pushes his finger into my ass all the way to the base.

"FUCK your ass tighter than any pussy I have ever had."

He gets on top and puts his arms outstretched by the pillows. He uses one arm to rub his big fat cock against my asshole before pushing the first few inches in. Liam moans into my mouth as he kisses me, he slides the rest of his cock inside me and when he reaches the base he smiles at me. It hurts but it feels amazing. He slowly withdraws before pushing all of it back in, causing me to whimper. 

"You like that."

Liam tells me pushing it in another inch, he pulls out and smiles at me before slamming it into my ass making me moan, his thrusts begin to get quicker and quicker. He pulls out of me and pushes me on to my side, He shoves his cock back inside me and begins a ruthless pounding, biting my neck as he does. I am moaning so loud. 

"You like that my little bitch, this ass is mine."

He whispers into my ear. The sound of his balls slapping against my ass is getting progressively louder and harder, he feels so good in my ass. This is literally everything I have wanted. He pounded me harder and harder for around 30 minutes, this man was a stallion in bed. The sweat was dripping off his sexy chest and I could tell he was getting close but still he relentlessly pounded me hard. 

"UGHH I'm gonna cum he moans into my ear."

I moan as he pounds harder and harder until finally he screams out loud and I feel his huge load begin to erupt in my ass. His orgasm was long, and he kept Cumming for around a minute. He flooded my ass with his cum and it began to leak out my ass. He pulled his softening cock out of me and kissed me. 

"That was the best sex I have ever had."

"Let's do it again sometime."

He kissed me and told me. He kissed me one last time and left his room. I could not believe it, there I was led on my best friend's bed with his cum in my ass. My wildest dream had come true and it was going to get better

I do not endorse sex without a condom, the fact my characters did not use a condom is because its fictional. In real life we have STD'S so use a condom even if in a relationship.

Thank you for reading. 

These stories will introduce a new person in each story these people are real, but the stories have not happened I just wish they did.

Part 2 Coming soon, "Introducing Big cock Ben"