 This is the second part of my series of Men in my life who take my breath away. I hope to write more stories soon so keep watch for more. Anyway here is a description of the ever so yummy Ben.

***

Ben- 30 years old, Brown Buzzed hair, 5'12, Athletic body (From lifting heavy objects), Slightly hairy, 10.5 inch cock (I can wish).

I hadn't known Ben long before our first encounter. We met through a friend on a night out and from the first time I saw him I thought he was absolutely gorgeous. From the muscles which weren't too defined to that killer smile that made my knees weak. He seemed like such a nice man, but I thought I never had a chance. Ben was single but he had a child from a previous relationship so I just thought there was no chance. I could have not been more wrong.

Ben was a builder and I shared a house with about 4 or 5 people, and the house needed work doing. To be honest it was quite a shithole but it was a place to live. Anyway one day my landlord came and asked me if I knew of a builder who would do work for a cheaper price. Not wanting to pass up the opportunity of seeing Ben again I gave my boss his number. Ben was thrilled as he was in a bit of money trouble and the money from this job would sort all the problems. So the next Saturday Ben came round. He looked so hot in a tight plain blue shirt and a pair of Khaki green shorts, I could not keep my eyes off him. I kept offering him drinks and food, just anything to talk to him. 

It was around 6PM when ben finished, he looked very sweaty and asked me.

"Sorry bud, I need to have a shower before I go home do you mind if I use yours."

I went weak at the knees, Ben naked in my shower, I of course said he could and he went upstairs. I heard the shower turn on and had to resist the urge to peek at him in the shower, so I decided to just try and watch some tv and ignore the God-Like man that was upstairs naked in my shower.

It had been around 15 minutes and I was finally calmed down when I heard a voice from upstairs.

"Kalum can you come here a second."

I went up the stairs and what I saw shocked me. Ben was in my room wearing just a towel, (it made me so horny seeing him in a white towel, knowing his cock was a layer away). Then I saw what he was holding and it made me feel mortified. In his hand he was holding my 8 inch black dildo.

"What is this dude."

He smiles at me whilst shaking it around, I am unsure what to say, (Partly because of Ben in the towel but mainly because of the dildo)

"I...I...It's not mine."

I try to laugh but it comes out very awkwardly. Ben just smiles and walks closer to me shaking it in his hand.

"See I think this is yours, bit small isn't it."

Ben laughs, shaking it directly in my face. He is very close to me now and it is starting to make me feel a little awkward, I mean there is a straight man in my room wearing a towel shaking a dildo in my face. That is enough to make anyone feel awkward.

"What are you going to do with it."

I ask Ben, hoping he will just say nothing and we can go back to what our friendship was like before. But what he does next makes me shudder. Ben walks very close and leans in to whisper in my ear.

"I've seen you staring at me working today so there are 2 options, the first one is I can give you a little of the money I have earned, and that is that. Or there is the second option and I like this one better. Me and you can go over to your bed and I will fuck you so hard you will be screaming my name."

My heart started to beat very, very fast and I couldn't really believe what I was hearing. Ben was straight, but by what he has just told me maybe he is not so straight. But was I going to pass up on the opportunity of a life time, fuck no.

"Option 2"

I whispered, Ben just smiled and pushed me against the wall slamming his mouth against mine. His mouth tasted amazing, my tongue explored the deepest parts of his mouth. He quickly undressed me, pushing me on my bed. He gave me that cheeky smile before telling me.

"You wanna see my cock."

I just nod and he slowly peels away the towel and when the towel hits the floor my mouth falls open. Its freaking huge, it looks very big about 10 inches long and its very thick. His balls are hairy and about the size of ping pong balls and his pubic hair is trimmed but only lightly.

I stand up and kiss his neck and slowly make my way down his slightly hairy chest, stopping at his left nipple which is hard and stiff. I take it into my mouth and lick it causing Ben's to go to the back of my head and him to moan;

"Oh fuck yes, suck Daddy's tit."

I make my way over to his lightly haired armpit and I inhale, it smells like soap and a little of his sweat. He puts his hand on the back of my head and pushes me down, I know what he wants and I have been waiting for this for a very long time. I kneel to the floor and take his steel shaft in my hand causing him to shudder. I inspect it for a second before beginning to jerk it,

The foreskin fits perfectly over his pink head when jerked, folding neatly back when he is fully erect. I inspect his balls before gently taking one of them in my mouth causing Ben to moan and put his hand on the back of my head. I switch between his balls, they are so big and still a little sweaty. He moans at me and gives me my orders.

"Suck my cock all the way down, and I warn you I wont take it easy on you."

I smile and begin to lick the head, he moans before taking me by surprise. I feel his hand on the back of my head he pushed very hard and before I know it all of his cock is shoved down my throat and I can smell his bush of pubes.

"Oh yes you little slut, make Daddy's cock happy."

He shoves me back and down on his cock and it tastes so good, its still a little sweaty which really turns me on. He pulls me off and spits into my open mouth before shoving me back on to his big monster. I continue to suck him for a further 5 minutes before he shouts to me.

"That was amazing, now make Daddy's ass feel just as good."

He pulls me up and throws me against the wall, I see him walk towards me, he literally just turns around and backs his jiggly hairy ass into my face. I cannot even move because my head is pressed against the wall, and his ass is pressed so hard against my face. I lick so hard whilst massaging his very sensitive balls. I lap and tongue around his hole for around 5 minutes, before getting brave and deciding to slide a finger into his hole.

"MMMMMM fuck yes, you finger my ass good."

Ben moans at me, I never thought he would like his ass played with. But i'm glad he does because OH MY GOD his ass is to tight, and I'm pretty sure it is a virgin ass. I twist and fuck my fingers in his ass making him moan, Ben then pulls away before turning around and sucking on my fingers that moments before had been in his ass.

"MMMMM my ass tastes so good, right lets cut to the chase I'm fucking you now."

I was taken by surprise as he picked me up and threw me onto the bed.

"Don't use a condom."

I told him hoping it would please him but he just smiled.

"I wasn't planning on using one, I want to breed your ass."

I nodded and agreed. He lifted my legs in the air and I felt his big cock against my ass. He spat on to his cock before rubbing some spit into my ass. He lined it up against my ass and quite literally pushed all 10.5 inches into my ass and pushing his body against mine. Pressing his hand against my mouth to cover my screams.

"SHHHHHHHH baby, everybody thinks it's too big at first but you will get used to it."

He didn't take any mercy on me, and began to pound my ass brutally, once I had stopped screaming he willed away and fucked me with one arm behind his head. His body looked so hot with the sweat dripping off his chest. I tool a bead of sweat and put it in my mouth.

"Fuck your so tight."

Ben moans at me, before pulling my whole body up and slamming me onto his cock as he was sat on my bed. I pushed him back so I was on top and let him power fuck my ass. This was clearly the hardest yet best fuck I had ever had. He would pull it completely out of my ass before slamming it back in and moaning. His breathing was fast and I could tell that he was getting close, but still he was relentless. Ben moaned into my ear and whispered.

"I cum bucket loads I'm gonna put it all in your ass."

And as he said that he began to shudder and slam me harder onto his cock before shouting and screaming.

"IM CUMMING, FUCK TAKE IT. TAKE ALL OF DADDY'S CUM."

He began to explode with tremendous force, I felt the cum begin to pour into my ass. This orgasm was so intense he couldn't speak only mutter the occasional Fuck. I could feel his cock throb in my ass, and we felt the cum begin to leak even before he had finished cumming. Finally Ben stopped cumming and straight away pulled his cock from my ass and pushed me on my back.

I felt something wet against my ass, and saw that Ben was licking the cum from my ass. He looked at me and smiled before crawling up my body and kissing me, passing some of his salty nectar into my mouth. We kissed and swapped the cum around for about a minute before each swallowing half. Ben smiled at me and rolled off me putting one arm behind his head.

"That was great, I have slept with a few guys but nobody has taken it as hard as you."

Ben smiled at me before I rested my head in his chest and he kissed my head.

"We will certainly be doing that again."

Ben smiled at me before telling me he had to go. We now meet very regularly and Ben has even taken a cock up his ass. He is still as hot as the day I met him and continues to pound me hard.

*****

Thank you for reading. 

These stories will introduce a new person in each story these people are real, but the stories have not happened I just wish they did.

I do not endorse unsafe sex so guys please use a condom.

Part 3 to come soon- Introducing Gordon