 Well here we are chapter 3, I hope you people enjoy my story. First of all let me tell you what Gordon looks like.

Gordon- 28, 5.11, blue eyes, brown short hair, medium build (Slight belly), slightly unshaven face hair where it matters, 8.5 inch cock (Very thick)

I had not known Gordon before our first meeting, I had seen him about in town and whilst he did not blow my socks off I thought there was something about him that turned me on. Gordon was a bit of a chav with the way that he dressed. From the hoodies to the never ending supply of tracksuit bottoms, I have always had a thing for the chav type so Gordon fitted them perfectly.

One day I was with some friends in a club just strutting my stuff to old school pop music, I was sort of making a fool of myself really but alcohol was flowing, so really I did not care. Anyway I was dancing on the floor, when who should walk in but the lovely Gordon, I saw him arrive and I just went a little weak at the knees. As I said we didn't know each other as buddies but we had seen each other so he saw me and put his hand up. 

About 2 hours later and I am a little drunk now and am just wanting more alcohol, but I decide I really shouldn't and I should go home. I grab my stuff and decide to go home. It was a big mistake not sobering up before I let the air hit me, because when I got outside it full on hit me and I was a hot mess. I managed to stumble to the park and I tripped over falling flat on my face. I attempted to get up when I felt someone grab my arm to attempt to help me get up.

I looked around and who should it be, nobody but Gordon. I smiled and told him.

"Thanks dude, I'm a little bit of a mess at the moment."

Gordon smiled at me and told me.

"Its ok we all make a tit of ourselves sometime. My place is just over there lets go there and you can sober up."

My heart twitched as well as something In my pants, we walked the short distance over to his place, with my arm over his shoulder. As I could not even stand at this point. We get to his house, and he gives me numerous cups of coffee and water until I finally sober up. At this point I get very emotional about the state that I got in.

"I'm so sorry I cant believe I got this drunk, its not like me and I'm just so sorry Gordon."

I decide I am making a fool of myself now and decide to stop crying and being so emotional. Gordon stands up and comes back with a pack of tissues and begins to wipe away my tears, which I thought was weird but whatever.

"Stop crying, like I said we all get drunk and you are sober now so don't worry about it."

I smile and Gordon's hand begins to stroke my face. He leans in for a hug, and that was the best hug I have ever had in my entire life. We pulled away ,and then Gordon took me completely by surprise. Gordon lightly pressed his lips against mine and them pulled away.

"I'm so sorry I cant believe I did that."

Gordon looked shocked and scared at what my reaction would be. I could see that his hands were shaking and his face was going red.

"Its ok, I liked it but I thought you were straight."

I asked him.

"I'm Bi but never attempted anything with a guy."

Gordon tell me, I'm still shocked but I decide to take charge and give him what he obviously wants. I lean forward and press my lips against his again, but this time I slowly wrap my tongue around his. He seems shocked but as the kiss intensifies he becomes more relaxed. His hand goes to the back of my head and runs through my hair. After a while its a fight for dominance over who's tongue will be in the others mouth with Gordon winning.

I take Gordon by the hand and tell him.

"Lets go into the bedroom."

Gordon nods and we walk into the bedroom. We burst into the bedroom kissing and quickly removing our clothes. Gordon is stood there in his underwear which is obviously tenting very hard and there is an obvious wet patch in his dark blue loose boxer shorts. Gordon is getting into the swing of it now, he takes my hand and presses it into his crotch.

"Like what you feel mmmmmmm feels so good."

Gordon moans as I take his hand and throw him onto the bed, I grab the waistband of his underwear and swiftly removing them, watching as his thick cock flops out hitting his belly. His hand goes to his cock and rubs the foreskin over the soft wet pink head. It is safe to say that Gordon is very horny now. 

"Please suck me."

Gordon moans begging for some form of release, I take it in my hand and slowly lick the tip of his cock, tasting salty tangy pre-cum. I licked all around the head and I was in awe of the thickness of his length. I slowly sucked on the head, listening to him whimper above me, I began my descent down his cock with my goal being his bush of black pubic hair. His hand was on the back of my head and when I finally hit the base of his cock his back arched and he moaned.

"OH FUCK YES."

He looked at me and smiled, I bobbed my head up and down on his cock before pulling myself off and licking his hairy balls. I popped them in my mouth, tasting the pure scent of a man. He was writing above me, clearly in heaven. I grabbed Gordon's legs and pulled him up, showing me his hairy ass and tight pink asshole. Gordon looked a bit surprised above me, until I shoved my tongue into his tight pink rosebud. When my head hit his ass his hands went around my head and pushed me into his ass. His ass tasted so good and I couldn't get enough of it.

After I licked his ass for 10 minutes I crawled up his body, stopping to give his nipples a light biting. I kissed him on the lips and whispered into his ear.

"Put it inside me."

Gordon looked shocked and stuttered to me.

"A...A..AA...Are you sure, its pretty big and very thick."

I nod my head and Gordon rolls me on my side with him behind me. He reaches into his draw and pulls out a bottle of lube, he puts some on his fingers and slowly inserts one into my ass. OMG his fingers are so thick, he works in 1 finger and then a second whilst kissing me on my neck. After 5 minutes of this, he pulls them out and whispers to me.

"You ready for this beast?"

I nod my head and feel him rubbing it against my ass before he moves his body and begins to push it into my tight ass.

"FUCK YOUR SO TIGHT."

Gordon moans into my ear as his cock is eaten by my ass. When he hits the base of his cock against my ass, he turns my head and kisses me on the lips.

"You ready for this?"

I nod my head again and he begins to pull out, only this time when he pushes in its much harder and faster. Gordon quickly begins to build momentum until his balls are slapping against my ass. I can tell that Gordon is in complete ecstasy as his eyes are closed and he is muttering under his breath. He pulls out before climbing on top of me and pushing it all the way back inside me. He begins to pound me hard, as he is grunting above me he tells me.

"Where do you want my cum?"

I think for a second before shouting at him.

"Put your seed in my ass baby, fill me up."

When I said that Gordon smiled and whispered in my ear,

"Well here you go baby."

He pulled all the way out before shoving it all the way back inside and pounding me for a few seconds before screaming.

"IM CUMMING, OH MY FUCK IM CUMMING."

I feel the first shot, then the second, then the third. How much cum can this man produce. After the 7th shot of cum Gordon shakes and falls on top of me. After a minute of grunting and regaining breath he smiles at me.

"Wow, just wow. you were amazing. I have never came so hard."

He tells me sliding his softening cock out of my ass, which then leaks cum on his bed sheets.

"I think your too drunk still to walk home, wanna stay the night and have round 2."

I just smile and nod, placing my head on his chest as is fingers are gently massaging my asshole. What a cheeky man he is. 

Thank you for reading. 

These stories will introduce a new person in each story these people are real, but the stories have not happened I just wish they did.

I do not endorse unsafe sex so guys please use a condom.

Part 4 to come soon- Introducing Steve