 PRELUDE

Jake was buried balls deep in Brent's tight asshole. Brent was flattened on the bed face down as Jake drove his nearly 8" cock deep into the bowels of his traveling companion. Brent's ass moved under Jake but Jake's strength and drive kept Brent pinned under him. Jake's powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled Brent's ass. The thick cock drove into Brent and then retreated until only the head remained in Brent's rectum. Brent felt the powerful shaft move in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing him to cry out.

"Oh God your cock feels so thick in my ass, so deep. Oh fuck yeah, fill me up with it. Cum in me, I want to feel you shooting in my ass," Brent exclaimed!

Jake continued to fuck the shapely firm ass of his temporary lover driving his cock into the warm recess. Jake sensed his release building in his balls and he knew that within minutes he would cum in Brent's hot ass. Jake felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the shapely firm ass underneath him. Jake felt Brent's sphincter tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of spunk out of it.

"Oh, I feel it. I love it when you cum in my ass. I love your hot seed flooding my ass," Brent cried out.

Jake stayed hard and he slowly fucked Brent's ass as the semen coated his shaft. Brent sensed that Jake was up for another round and whispered, "Jake if you are going to keep fucking me, let's roll on our sides."

Jake rolled to his side keeping his cock in Brent's ass as he pulled Brent to the side. Jake's arms wrapped around and the pretty blonde and his hands caressed Brent's body. He ran his hands over Brent's pecs and tight abs as they moved toward Brent's pubes. The back of Jake's hand brushed against Brent's erect cock causing Brent to gasp.

"Please hold me and jerk me," Brent pleaded.

Jake took hold of the 6" cock of his traveling companion and stroked it as he fucked Brent's ass again. Jake was not interested in another man's cock but on this trip he didn't mind jerking off Brent. Jake kept fucking Brent until they both came. Brent came twice before Jake came in Brent's ass a second time. The first time Brent ejaculated his cum shot passed his face and hit the inside of the cab. The second time he came his seed hit him in the face and neck. Jake lost it next and dumped another powerful load in Brent's ass. The two of them rested on their sides as Jake's cock slowly deflated and slipped from Brent's asshole. By the time they were ready to get out of cab sleeper the semen had dried on Brent's body.

"Come on buddy, we're going to the showers to get cleaned up before breakfast. I want to get in another 400 miles today before we stop again," Jake directed.

The two of them got dressed and brought a change of clothes with them to the truck stop showers. Jake paid the fee and they entered the showers. It was early and they were the only ones in there so far. Jake was glad that they were alone as he did not want Brent exposed to the other truckers. They washed quickly, dressed and went to the diner for breakfast. Later Jake gassed up the semi and they were on their way again. It was their fourth day of seven days, Baltimore to San Francisco trip. Jake was glad that Brent was with him as in addition to being good company, they had had sex each morning and evening since leaving the east coast. 

SELECTING A RIDER

When Jake got the order for the cross country long haul, he checked the paper and internet for potential riders. There were both men and women looking for rides but most of them were headed to Chicago. He saw that a couple of male riders were going as far as Denver and two others were headed to California. He decided to check out the California riders first and if they didn't fit the bill then he would look at those Denver bound.

Jake contacted the two men who were looking for rides. He had them meet him at a truck stop restaurant. The first one was overweight and dressed sloppy and Jake quickly eliminated him. He was stunned when he saw the second young man; a handsome young blonde who Jake decided was too pretty to be called handsome.

"Are you Brent?" Jake asked staring at the pretty blonde with beautiful blue eyes.

"Yes, I hope that you are still looking for a rider," the young man replied hopefully.

"Yes, I am."

"Oh great, I'm going all the way to San Francisco."

"How old are you?" Jake asked suddenly realizing that he might not be 21.

"I'm 22; I just turned 22 last week. I'm going out there for a job."

Jake studied him and guessed him to be about 5'6" and 140 pounds. He looked to be in good shape even though he had more of a feminine appearance. His legs were shapely like a girl's and he had an ass that most women would kill for. His blonde hair was long covering his ears and the nape of his neck.

"Well if you are up for the trip, I like to have company. You will chip in for gas and pay for your own meals and other expenses. Still want to ride along?"

"Oh yes, definitely, I don't have a car and it's too expensive to fly."

"Okay, I am picking up the trailer on Thursday morning. You can meet me at my house or the distribution location."

"Is your house okay? I don't' have a place to stay Wednesday night."

"Okay, here's my address, you can crash in the cab sleeper on Wednesday and we'll get started early Thursday morning."

"Thank you so much, I'll be great company during the trip."

Jake gave Brent a ride to where he was staying and then drove home. He thought about Brent and how pretty and shapely a young man he was, that and the fact that he was going to San Francisco made Jake suspect that he might be gay. Jake had had riders before both female and male. Some of the females put out on the trip in lieu of paying for gas. He even had sex with two cute gays on trips but those trips were much shorter. Jake considered himself bi-sexual as he didn't mind getting blow jobs and fucking cute gay bottoms. 

DAY ONE 

Jake was 28 years old, he was in great shape and at 6'2" and 190 pounds he was a hunk. He had light brown hair; hazel eyes and washboard abs as he worked out regularly. He had his share of ladies both at home and on the road. He wasn't sure what might happen with Brent on the trip. If Brent wasn't gay, Jake still had a few sweeties he could count on at stopping places along the way. 

That Thursday morning Jake was up by 5:00 AM. He showered and packed while the coffee was brewing. He had a muffin, juice and coffee before leaving the house. He brought the rest of the muffins and a large thermos of coffee with him. Brent was still asleep in the cab when Jake got in. Brent stirred but just rolled over as he was not ready to wake up. Jake looked at the young blonde stretched out partially on his side and belly. He took in the lovely shape of Brent's bottom and at that moment he hoped that Brent was gay. Jake knew he would enjoy popping that lovely ass.

"You can stay put and relax. I'm going to pick up the trailer and then we'll be on our way."

"Thanks!" Brent uttered softly.

Jake drove the truck over to the distribution center to pick up the trailer. Brent managed to fall asleep again. It took some time to get the paperwork squared away and then Jake hooked up the trailer and was on his way. Brent woke up and put on his pants and shirt before moving into the passenger seat. 

"There's muffins in that box and coffee in the thermos. Also there is juice in the mini fridge in back."

"Thanks, coffee sounds good for starters."

"I try to get in around 400 miles a day, sometimes more and sometimes less."

"Where do you plan to stop today?"

"We'll stop a few times, rest stops to take a whiz. We'll also stop for lunch in Pennsylvania and for the night around Cleveland. I have my favorite diners and truck stops along the way."

"Do we get to shower sometime along the way?"

"I shower every day. The truck stops I use are very clean with showers. Today we'll shower before dinner and then eat at a diner that has very good food."

"Sounds like a plan," Brent said and then sipped the coffee, "This coffee is great."

"Glad you like it. Help yourself to the juice and muffins when you're ready."

Brent finished one cup of coffee before he poured a second cup and ate a muffin. He looked at the driver and admired his masculinity. Jake was handsome and very fit. He was clean shaven and dressed very neat. He was not the image Brent had imagined when he looked into riding with a trucker. Brent had envisioned a rugged grubby looking man as a long hauler. He was pleased that Jake looked so good and he wondered if he had ever had sex with a guy.

Their first stop was at a rest area on the Pennsylvania Turnpike. "Time to return some coffee," Jake announced as he steered the rig into the lot designated for trucks.

Brent and Jake used the rest room at the rest area. Brent noticed several other drivers who fit the image he previously envisioned. They were unshaven, some with excess facial hair and dressed in soiled clothes. Brent and Jake stepped up to the urinals to relieve themselves. Brent could help but steal a glimpse of Jake's cock and he was impressed with the tick meat. Jake caught Brent looking at him and just filed it away in his mind. 

"Should I get the thermos for more coffee?" Brent offered.

"No, I don't drink that machine shit. We'll stop for lunch later and get some then."

They got back on the truck and were on their way. It was another two hours before they stopped for lunch and Brent was hungry. Jake parked in the truck stop and they entered the diner. Brent noticed that there were other travelers besides truckers at the diner. They used the restroom, washed their hands and were seated in the diner. A heavy set waitress approached them to take their order.

"Been waiting long honey?" she directed at Jake.

"I've been waiting for you my whole life, Betty," Jack replied.

"Well get in line," she replied and they all laughed. "Where you headed this time Jake?"

"San Francisco, want me to bring you back some sourdough bread?"

"I don't need anymore bread," Betty joked as she patted her hip. "Want to hear the specials?"

"Sure, oh by the way this is Brent he is riding with me this trip. Please fill this up too," Jake requested handing the waitress his thermos. 

Betty nodded and greeted Brent and then read off the specials. Jake and Brent decided to pass on the specials and order off the menu. Brent was surprised how good the food was and he was also surprised by how crowded the diner had become. They finished eating made another stop in the rest room and were on their way. They drove about another two hours before stopping at a rest area again to use the rest rooms. 

When they were back on the road, Jake quizzed Brent, "So what is waiting for you in Frisco?"

"A job, I have to check in with my agent first."

"What kind of job?"

"I'm going to be an entertainer. I graduated from a school of music."

"So do you sing, play an instrument, what?"

"I play piano and the guitar but my strong suit is singing and dancing."

"Why choose San Francisco, why not New York?"

"The agent said I have a better chance to make a start in San Francisco, New York is so competitive."

"Do you have a place to stay?"

"The agent has hooked me up with another entertainer who needs a roommate."

"You know that San Francisco has a large gay population, are you worried about that?"

"Not really, there are a lot of gays in the business so one has to get used to it," 

Jake noticed that Brent blushed at the mention of gays and he wondered if he had struck a nerve, "I'm going to listen to some music, if that's okay," Brent said trying to change the topic."

"Yeah sure, go ahead."

Brent put the ear pieces in and turned on the music. He felt a little compromised by where the conversation was headed. He was sure that before the trip was over that Jake would learn that he was gay and he wondered how Jake might respond to that. They drove for hours before Jake stopped near Cleveland where they would shower, eat dinner and spend the night.

Jake parked the big rig and told Brent they would shower first and then eat. Brent followed Jake into the truck stop showers and they paid the shower fee. The showers were small stalls with curtains but offered little privacy. They hung up their clothes on nearby hooks and stepped into the stalls. Brent had quickly glanced at Jake's cock again and this time Jake checked out Brent's lovely ass. Brent was well tanned except for his bottom and the tan lines further emphasized his shapely butt. Jake even felt a tingle in his loins.

As they dried off they continued to check each other out. Brent stole glances of Jake's cock which was semi-hard and Jake kept looking at Brent's gorgeous ass. They dressed and made their way into the diner. After another decent meal they used the restroom before returning to the sleeper cab. Brent had noticed other truckers looking at him curiously during dinner and made a mental not to mention it to Jake later. Once in the sleeper cab they both stripped down to their underwear before getting in the bed. Jake wore boxers but Brent wore tight fitting briefs. They chatted some more briefly about Brent's plans in San Francisco.

"So tell me what you will be auditioning for?"

"Actually, I already have an entry position in the ensemble. I will be in the chorus line for the show."

"What show is it?"

"It is actually nightly performance by female impersonators."

"Are you kidding? You mean those transvestite people."

"Not transvestites, although some might be outside of work, impersonators who dress like famous female performers, who sing and dance."

"Aren't they all gay?"

"Probably, most of them are gay."

"Are you gay?"

"Yes, I hope that doesn't change your mind about the trip."

"No, on the contrary, I was hoping that you might be gay."

"Have you have sex with gays before?"

"Yes, twice but I am not interested in cock. I liked the blow jobs and fucking the cute asses but that was it."

"Would you like to make it with me?"

"I think I would. You are very pretty and you have a very hot ass."

"We should get started then," Brent said somewhat sexily as he pulled off his briefs.

Jake removed his boxers and his big dick flopped out. Jake knew that it was always a big step to let a gay suck his cock but had enjoyed each time in the past. Brent knelt in front of Jake who sat back on his haunches. He took Jake's cock in his warm wet mouth and it felt good to Jake. Brent was an excellent cock sucker and Jake knew that he would cum soon since he had been thinking about it. Brent pulled Jake closer and he began to fondle Brent's balls and stroke his perineum. Jake was so turned on that he busted his nut quickly and flooded Brent's mouth. Brent handled the discharge expertly and sucked every drop out of Jake's cock. Brent held onto Jake's muscular buttocks as he continued to suck Jake's cock keeping Jake hard.

"Now I would love for you to fuck me. I want to feel that marvelous cock in my ass. Why don't you massage my ass and lubricate my anus," Brent directed.

Brent stretched out face down on the bed. Jake took the hand lotion from his overnight bag and began to massage Brent's ass. Jake then worked Brent's ass just as he had any of the girl's and gays he had previously butt fucked. He lovingly massaged Brent shapely buttocks and lubricated Brent's asshole. Jake put one then two fingers in Brent's ass and finger fucked him for several minutes.

"I'm ready for you Jake. I'm ready for you to put your big dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time," Brent whispered sexily.

Staring the entire time at Brent's beautiful curvy ass, Jake lowered his body onto Brent. Jake held his erect cock in his hand and guided to Brent's anus. Brent held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up Brent's anus and stretched the sphincter. Jake was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated a gay's ass for the third time in his life. Brent's ass opened up and welcomed Jake's cock into the warm snug passage. Jake held still and let Brent move under him. Once Jake was satisfied that Brent had loosened up he began to fuck Brent with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as if they had done this many times before. Brent rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the bed. This move accentuated the round shape of his shapely ass. Jake like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. Normally Jake liked them in a doggy style position but he found he liked the way Brent felt under him. Brent groaned repeatedly each time Jake buried his cock in Brent's ass.

Every time Jake drove his cock into Brent's bottom, Brent lifted his hips to receive the cock in his ass. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Jake wrapped his arms around Brent's upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they made love and Jake felt just like he was in the ass of one of his women. Jake was so wrapped up fucking Brent's hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Almost without warning Jake shot another massive load, this time into Brent's rectum.

Brent groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Jake moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated into Brent until he was nearly drained. Jake pressed his body into Brent and remained still as Brent clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around Jake's shaft. Jake was still hard when he removed his cock from Brent's ass and rolled to the side. Brent turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. Jake watched Brent jerk off. 

Brent saw that Jake was still hard and spoke softly, "Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

Jake moved back to Brent who lifted his legs to receive Jake's cock. Jake eased his cock back into Brent's well lubed passage and began to fuck him again. Brent stroked his cock as Jake fucked him and Jake was amazed that he was still hard after cumming twice. He watched as Brent closed his eyes and felt Brent's sphincter tighten around his cock as Brent ejaculated. Brent's load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. 

Brent smiled and said, "I think that you like fucking me," Brent whispered.

"I do like fucking you. I think that we will change our routine for the rest of the trip. We'll have our showers each morning after I fuck you instead of showering before dinner."

That night they both remained naked in bed. As they slept Brent had rolled to his side and Jake cuddled up behind him. Jake draped his arm over Brent much like he would with a woman. Jake's cock pressed up against Brent's buttocks. He got another erection and eased it back into Brent's ass. He fucked Brent slowly but he didn't cum again. Instead they both fell asleep and later Jake's soft cock slipped out of Brent's bottom.

NEXT CHAPTER

The trip continues and on day two they make their way to western Illinois. Jake has sex with Brent morning and night. Brent learns about men of the road.