 DAY TWO

On Friday morning Jake started to stir as he slowly woke up dreaming that Brent was sucking on his dick. Jake reached for his cock and found the soft hair on the head that was bobbing up and down. Jake opened his eyes when he realized he wasn't dreaming and looked down at Brent who was sucking his cock. Brent was giving Jake an incredible blow job and Jake knew that he would not last too long.

Brent fondled Jake's ball sac and tickled his perineum as he swirled his tongue around the shaft and sucked on the soft mushroom head. Jake felt his balls tighten and he warned Brent that he was going to cum. Brent removed his mouth and jerked Jake off. Jake groaned and fired several streams into the air that landed on his chest and abs. His semen also coated Brent's hand. Brent took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it dry then he licked the spunk off his hand.

"I wanted to watch you shoot his morning," Brent whispered.

Brent was taken with Jake's impressive cock and he spent a lot of time kissing it and licking it keeping Jake hard. Jake was now ready to fuck Brent and he told Brent to get on all fours. Jake got the lotion he used the night before and greased up his cock. Next he greased up Brent's asshole and he marveled at the shapely ass. Jake loved that Brent's skin was tan all over except for his lily white ass. He looked good on all fours as he waited for Jake's cock to penetrate his ass. Jake took his time lubricating Brent's ass and he liked the submissive posture that Brent presented with his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed. Brent's ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his ass. Brent looked perfect and he presented exactly the image that Jake liked to fuck.

Jake moved close and slowly eased his cock into Brent's ass. Brent groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched to accept the big cock. Once past the sphincter Jake fucked Brent slowly until Brent's ass opened up and he was once again able to take the big thick cock. Jake then picked up the pace and soon his hips were slamming into the lovely Brent. Brent's curvy ass would jiggle each time Jake thrust into it and Jake loved the effect. Jake felt his release building and he knew that he would dump another load in Brent's ass. Brent felt Jake's body stiffen and make one final thrust as Jake buried his cock in Brent's ass. Brent felt cum surge into him and he felt Jake's cock throb with each release. 

Brent's sphincter muscle involuntarily clenched and unclenched as it massaged Jake's cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Jake kept pressed against his traveling companion and let his cock be milked dry. Brent couldn't hold his position any longer and he collapsed forward on the bed. Jake followed Brent down and lay on top of Brent with his cock still buried in Brent's ass. Jake felt Brent's smooth hairless skin against his own and he liked the feeling. He remained on top of Brent until Brent begged him to get up. Jake didn't realize it but he had been crushing Brent's smaller body. He had gotten lost in the moment as Brent's sphincter tightened around his cock. Jake rolled to the side and his softening cock slipped from Brent's dilated asshole.

Brent remained on his stomach face down on the bed as he recovered from being thoroughly fucked. Jake looked over at Brent and he wondered if Brent had cum. He looked at Brent's ass and he could see cum oozing from it. Jake was tempted to finger Brent's asshole and push the semen back in. Jake started by caressing Brent's curvy smooth ass and then he played with his asshole. Brent wiggled his ass in response as Jake played with him and pushed himself up on all fours giving Jake better access. It was then that Jake noticed that Brent had cum on the bed. He could see the wet spots on the sheets and Jake knew it was from Brent's ejaculation.

"Oh Jake, I love being fucked like that," Brent cooed.

"I'm glad you like it because I like fucking your ass," Jake told him.

"I think that I messed the bed sheet," Brent said apologetically.

"Yeah, I noticed," Jake responded. "We'll wash them later. Right now let's hit the showers and then we'll get some breakfast. 

:"How far will we travel today?"

"Depends on traffic south of Chicago but I hope we can make it to just east of Iowa. There's a good truck stop there," Jake told him and then playfully slapped Brent on his lovely bottom and said, "Come on, put some pants on and let's shower."

Brent and Jake dressed and headed to the showers with a change of clothes. They showered quickly, dressed and ate breakfast in the diner. Brent had noticed other guys checking him out in the shower but no one approached him since he was with Jake. He asked Jake about the other truckers who had been ogling him.

"There are quite a few guys who are always looking to pick up a gay for a blow job or anal sex. It is a goo idea to avoid most of them. There have been reports of physical abuse following any sex," Jake shared with him.

"Do gays hang out at the truck stops?" Brent inquired.

"Yes, I've noticed some from time to time. There are some who frequent rest areas too. It's dangerous though and some have been seriously hurt."

"Wow, I bet some have STDS."

"Probably, this is why it is best to avoid those encounters all together."

They finished their breakfast, hit the restroom one last time and returned to the truck. Jake gassed up and then they were on their way. For the next several hours Jake quizzed Brent about his gay life style. Brent told Jake about his first time with a visiting relative.

Brent said that he was 18 years old when it happened. His second cousin Gordon had come with his family for a visit and they stayed at the house. Brent had twin beds in his room and Gordon stayed in one of them. Once the lights were out Gordon came over to Brent's bed and got in it with him. Brent said he remembered that night forever. It started out with Gordon asking if Brent jerked off a lot. Gordon shocked Brent when he took out his own cock and began stroking it. He encouraged Brent to do the same. The room was dimly lit with a night light but both 18 years olds good see each other jerking off.

Gordon took a hold of Brent's cock and stroked it. He encouraged Brent to take his cock and stroke it. Brent held a cock different than his own for the first time in his life and he liked it. They continued to jerk each other off until Gordon took it to the next step. Gordon turned Brent to his side and snuggled up to him as he reached around and took a hold of Brent's cock. Brent said he felt as if a lightening bolt passed through his body when he felt his cousin's naked body against his own. 

Gordon then began to slowly stroke his cousin's cock. Gordon's own cock was still rock hard and he pressed it into Brent's buttocks. Gordon maneuvered his cock so that it rested between Brent's ass cheeks and then he began to move as if he was fucking Brent. All the while Gordon continued to jerk off Brent's cock. Brent lay frozen as his cousin's cock nestled between his buttocks. Brent said that he couldn't believe how big Gordon's cock felt but then he had never felt one other than his own.

Brent started to feel his orgasm building and he agreed that Gordon was right; it did feel better to have someone else jerking on his cock. Brent said that his body stiffened and he released a torrent of cum. It shot out of his cock and hit his chest and abs as well as dousing the bed sheets. Gordon kept jerking him until every drop of semen was squeezed from Brent's shaft. Gordon was still moving his hips and his cock slid between Brent's butt cheeks. Brent said he was impressed with Gordon's cock and he was surprised by how good it felt sliding between the cheeks of his ass. Brent had relaxed by then and he awaited his cousin's ejaculation.

Gordon's body went rigid as he ejaculated and Brent felt the cock throb and pulsate in the crack of his ass. He felt the warm cum hit the back of his body as it shot out of Gordon's cock. Gordon's cumming seemed endless and Brent was covered in cum. Both of them stayed hard in spite of their intense orgasms and then Gordon turned Brent toward him. Gordon reached down between them and he took both cocks in his hand and jerked them off together. When Gordon was satisfied that Brent was close to cumming again, Gordon rolled over on his side and guided Brent's cock between his buttocks.

Brent recalled how he loved the feel of his cock between Gordon's ass cheeks as their bodies pressed together. Gordon then guided Brent's hand so that Brent could grasp Gordon's cock. Brent slid his cock between Gordon's buns as he jerked Gordon off. Both of them came again and this time Brent's cum splattered on Gordon's back. Remarkably the two of them remained hard and they gave each other a hand job until they ejaculated for third time that night. Brent said he had mixed emotions but he liked what happened. Gordon told him he would show Brent more things the next day and then made his way back to his own bed. Brent said he dozed off in the cum soaked bed thinking about what Gordon had done to him and what Gordon had said about tomorrow. Brent wondered what else Gordon was going to teach him.

"That is a very hot story, sounds like your cousin was a real seducer."

"Yeah, he was good okay. I remember how good I felt and it was only from being masturbated. I had heard about anal sex and oral sex and I wondered most of the night if we were going to try it."

"Go on, I'm anxious to hear what happened next."

Brent continued with the story as he recalled nearly every detail. Gordon got out of bed first and went in to take his shower. Brent like Gordon was tanned golden brown except for their asses and pubes. They had tan lines that actually accentuated their curvy asses against the tanned bodies. Both sets of parents had left to do some shopping so Gordon knew that he and Brent were alone in the house. Brent noticed Gordon's naked body and he felt chills run through his body as he thought about what they had done the night before. Brent said he was embarrassed but excited at the same time as he wondered what would happen next. Brent didn't have to wait long to find out.

Gordon was the more assertive of the two so it was natural for him to make the first move. He hung up the towel and stepped from the shower. Instead of moving to his own sink he moved behind his cousin. Gordon let his hand graze over Brent's shapely buttock and his cock became erect at the touch of his cousin's ass. Brent's buttocks tightened at the touch as he too felt electricity run through his body. Gordon caressed Brent's ass again and Brent's cock sprung to attention.

Gordon stepped up close to his cousin and wrapped his arms around his chest and nuzzled his neck. Brent felt Gordon's erect cock pressed against his ass and he sighed deeply. Gordon's hands moved down Brent's chest over his abs and covered his pubes. Gordon took Brent's cock in one hand and cupped Brent's balls in the other as Gordon's cock nestled into the crack of Brent's ass. Brent groaned as Gordon stroked his cock and fondled his testicles.

Gordon then turned Brent around to face him and kissed him deeply. As their tongues dueled as they kissed, Gordon reached down and grabbed both their erect cocks in one hand and stroked them together. They stayed like that for several minutes until Gordon dropped down on his knees and took Brent's cock in his mouth. For the first time in his life Brent had his cock in someone's mouth. Gordon sucked on Brent for a short while before he stood up and spoke.

"Do you like that?" Gordon asked.

Brent answered with his eyes closed and hissed, "Yes!" 

"Now whatever I do for you, you must do for me, agreed?" Brent just nodded his head as he was anxious for Gordon to suck him again.

"Good, now let's go back to bed where we can suck each other," Gordon whispered.

Brent explained that they went back to the bedroom and they both got in Gordon's bed this time. Gordon showed Brent how to move into a 69 position and they lay on their sides. Gordon took Brent's cock back into his mouth and Brent followed Gordon's lead. The two of them sucked cock and for Brent it was his first time. They relished the feeling of the soft mushroom heads in their mouths. They took the cocks as deep in their mouths as they were comfortable doing as they made love to each other. Gordon grabbed Brent's ass cheeks and held them as he sucked Brent's cock. Brent said that he copied every move that Gordon made and soon they were both sucking cock and fondling each other's ass. 

Gordon moved a finger between Brent's ass cheeks and tickled his anus and again Brent did the same thing to his cousin. Brent felt a surge pass through his loins and his testicles tightened signaling that he was about to cum. Brent said he felt his cum travel from his scrotum through his cock and blast into his cousins' mouth. Gordon just held on to Brent's ass and swallowed Brent's load as it shot into his mouth. Gordon then rubbed his cousin's balls as he drank down every drop. Brent recalled that he was in ecstasy as he enjoyed his ejaculation into another boy's mouth for the first time in his life. 

Brent had stopped sucking Gordon's cock briefly as he savored the moment of cumming in his cousin's mouth but then at Gordon's urging he resumed sucking Gordon's cock. Gordon shot his load shortly thereafter and flooded Brent's mouth with cum. Brent did just as his cousin had done and swallowed as fast as he tried to capture every drop of Gordon's cum. However, Brent was not prepared for the volume and force of Gordon's ejaculation. He pulled Gordon's cock from his mouth and closed his eyes as Gordon's cum shot all over his face. When Gordon had ceased shooting, Brent took Gordon's cock back in his mouth. They continued to hold to each other and suck each other in the 69 position. They were both so turned on that they remained hard. They could have cum again in each other's mouth but Gordon wanted to take it to the next step. 

"I want to fuck you Brent," Gordon whispered to his cousin, "And then I want you to fuck me."

"I don't know Gordon. I'm scared!" Brent remembered saying at the time.

"There's nothing to be scared about. I have been fucked many times and I love it. At first it will be a little uncomfortable but then you will really like it," Gordon said trying to put his cousin at ease. 

They separated from their 69 position and Gordon told Brent to get on all fours. Brent did as he was told and positioned himself on all fours. Brent said he was still leery of the anal penetration and he looked back over his shoulder with trepidation at his cousin.

"Don't worry Brent, I will grease you up good before I fuck you," Gordon had told him trying to sound reassuring.

Gordon played with Brent's ass a long time as he loved fingering the bung-hole and caressing his shapely ass. Brent stayed hard throughout the ass fucking foreplay and at one time he thought that he might cum again. It was just then that Gordon told him to turn over. Brent lifted his legs and placed them on Gordon's shoulders as Gordon directed.

"I want to see the expression on your face when I fuck you and take your virginity," an excited Gordon had told him.

Gordon placed the head of his cock at Brent's ass and pressed forward testing the taut asshole. Brent remembered that he could feel the pressure and although it wasn't yet unpleasant, he feared the pain to come. Brent's relaxed orgasmic state and his horniness took over and he let Gordon have his way. Gordon added more lubricant to his cock as he pulled back and rubbed the head of his cock around Brent's asshole. Every few seconds Gordon would push inside Brent and then pull back out stretching him a little wider each time. Gordon's next thrust was with a purpose and Brent felt pain as his cousin's cock pushed passed his sphincter.

"Oh shit that hurts, stop!" Brent recalled that he had screamed out. 

"It's natural for it to hurt at first but the pain will go away shortly. Try to relax and don't fight it," Gordon said.

Gordon remained inside him and did not move allowing Brent to adjust. The pain did not go away and Brent asked him to pull out for a moment and Gordon did. The pain went away but Brent felt a void in his ass and his erotic desire took over. Brent wrapped his ankles around Gordon's ass and pulled him back. Gordon's cock re-entered Brent's ass and pushed passed his sphincter again without as much pain this time. Gordon stopped once again and remained still for a moment and waited for Brent's reaction. The feeling of pain was replaced by desire and Brent rotated his hips and arched his back to get Gordon further inside him.

Brent's body opened up to his cousin and he felt Gordon's cock stretch him open to new dimensions. Gordon's cock slid in and out of Brent slowly until he had finally buried all six inches in Brent's ass. Brent could feel his cousin's balls resting on his ass. Brent recalled what a wonderful feeling it was to have Gordon completely inside him. Gordon pulled out a little and then he stopped and pushed back inside. The feeling was fantastic and Brent began to rotate his hips again. Then Gordon pulled almost all of the way out and then plunged inside fucking his cousin senseless. Brent moaned in response to Gordon's pounding and they began to make love. Gordon leaned over him and Brent wrapped his legs around him, hooking his ankles together and they began rocking and moving beautifully together. Brent was being fucked for the first time and he loved it.

Gordon was fucking Brent hard and he reveled in each thrust. Brent looked down and watched his balls and erect cock bounce around as Gordon fucked him. Brent soon felt another buildup in his balls. Gordon began to moan louder and louder, and fucked harder and faster. Brent felt Gordon's cock swell in his rectum as Gordon rose up on his knees. Brent knew that he was close and he began to pump his own cock with his hand. Gordon grunted and Brent felt hot cum fill his ass. Brent pumped his cock harder in search of his own release. When he came, he shot his own cum all over his chest, abs and pubes. Gordon had filled Brent up with his cum but he remained hard and continued to fuck his ass. Gordon pushed his cum around in Brent's ass and some of it escaped and wet the bed. Due to Gordon's horniness and his youthful recuperative powers he continued to fuck Brent until he came again. Brent's asshole was overflowing with cum.

Gordon collapsed on top of his cousin and then they kissed. Gordon lay on top of Brent with all of his weight resting on him. Brent wrapped his legs around Gordon and he reveled in the feeling of his cousin's big cock growing soft inside him. They stayed in each other's arms for a long time and no words were spoken. They just held each other, kissed and ran their hands over each other. Gordon's cock softened and slipped from Brent's ass and it felt like a plug had just been pulled from Brent's asshole. Cum ran out of Brent's ass onto the bed and he felt the cool air caress his no longer virgin asshole. 

Jake was surprised by how much detail Brent covered about losing his anal virginity. "You tell that story as if everything happened yesterday."

"I lost my virginity and I do remember it very well. Do you want to hear what happened next?"

"Sure but if I get anymore turned on, I may have to pull over for a blow job," Jake joked.

"It would be my pleasure," Brent teased back and then continued the story.

Brent said that his cousin asked him if he would like to fuck his ass. Brent was excited as Gordon got on all fours and handed Brent the lube.

"Put plenty of that stuff on your cock and in my ass."

Brent knelt behind Gordon and he began to caress his cousin's beautiful ass. Brent for the first time noticed that Gordon's body was delicate, hairless and flawless. Brent couldn't believe how much Gordon looked like a girl from behind with his shapely curvy ass in the air and then Brent guessed that he looked the same way. Brent put an ample amount of lotion in his hands and rubbed it all around Gordon's bung hole. Then Brent inserted first one finger then two fingers preparing Gordon for his cock. As he sawed his fingers in and out of Gordon's anus Brent was getting turned on by the thought of burying his cock in his cousin's shapely ass. He moved closer to Gordon and lined up the head of his cock with Gordon's anal opening and began to ease it into to him. 
