 WAKING UP SOMEWHERE IN ILLONOIS

It was at the very early morning hour when Brent stirred slightly and felt Jake's stiff dick brush against his buttocks. Brent was barely awake lying on his left side with Jake behind him. Jake, who was still asleep, had his right arm draped over Brent's body. Brent felt Jake's erection twitch and tickle his bottom. Still well lubed form the previous night's butt fucking, Brent guided the rigid shaft into his receptive ass. Jake did not move so Brent began to push his ass back and forth, fucking himself on the big dick. 

Jake slowly woke up and realized that Brent was moving back and forth on his cock. He smiled to himself and then got into the action. Jake started thrusting his hips forward and soon they had a smooth rhythm going. Brent guided Jake's hand to his cock and Jake wrapped his hand around the smaller slender shaft. He stroked Brent as he fucked him and minutes later they both ejaculated. Brent shot another massive load onto the bed sheets with his first stream hitting the sleeper cab wall. Jake filled Brent's rectum with a good size load and left his cock in the snug bottom.

The two of them remained in the spoon position and went back to sleep. Eventually Jake's cock softened and slipped out of the shapely ass. A trail of semen followed the meaty shaft and trickled down over Brent's buttock. They remained in the spoon position until later that morning when they both began to wake up. Jake rolled to his back and his stiff dick slapped against his abdomen. He was surprised that he had another erection especially since he had fucked Brent not that long ago. 

Jake was lying naked on his back in his bed. His athletic frame glistened in the early morning light coming through the truck window. Brent rolled over and knelt along side of Jake and took the erect cock in his mouth. Jake studied Brent's lithe body and he marveled at how feminine Brent looked with his flawless skin and his virtually hairless body. Jake ran his hand over Brent's curvy ass and tickled Brent's perineum. As Brent sucked on Jake's cock, Jake caressed Brent's tight ball sac and ran his fingers along Brent's erection.

Jake had never played with another cock before this trip but now as he looked at Brent's stiff dick; he was tempted to handle it again. It had been a big step for Jake to even jerk off Brent but in time, he had become comfortable with doing that. In fact Jake loved to watch Brent shoot. At first Jake gave Brent a reach around as he fucked him lying on their sides. Lately Jake would jerk Brent off as he fucked him doggy style and more recently when he fucked him missionary style.

He initially had not liked fucking Brent in a missionary position but he came around. Both of them had the capacity for volcanic like ejaculations and Brent covered his chest and abs when he came. Jake found that he liked watching Brent cum as he fucked him and the bigger the load the better. He had become comfortable jerking off Brent and he liked the sensation of Brent's cum rushing out through the cock as it pulsated in Jake's hand. It was time to do just that so Jake moved behind Brent and eased his cock into the curvy lily white ass. Brent moaned softly when the impressive cock filled his rectum and again when Jake grasped his companion's cock. 

They were in no hurry and took their time having great morning sex. Brent was the first to cum and shot another impressive load onto the sheets. Jake felt the semen surge through Brent's cock and then he released his seed into the young blonde's rectum. They stayed coupled together until Jake eased his deflating cock from Brent's lovely bottom.

"I'm going to have to wash these bed sheets today. There is so much dried semen on them it's as if they were starched," Jake stated as he pulled on his clothes.

Brent was getting dressed as well and asked, "Where to today?"

"We'll stop up the road in about an hour for breakfast at the truck stop in Iowa. It is a full service one and they have a Laundromat there. I can wash the sheets while we shower and eat. There is another good truck stop west of Lincoln and we'll stop there for the night."

DAY THREE

Jake drove the rig to the truck stop and striped the sleeper bed of all the linens. As he planned they did the laundry while they showered and then ate breakfast. Afterward they gassed up and were on their way to the next rest stop. Jake had filled the thermos of coffee and picked up sandwiches for lunch at the restaurant. It took about three hours until they reached the rest area and the first order of business was to return some of the coffee they drank that morning. Afterward Jake grabbed the sandwiches and two bottles of water and they had lunch outside.

They were seated at a picnic table and as they ate Brent noticed several guys walking into the wooded area. Jake noticed them too and told Brent that the guys were going back there to have sex. Brent had a difficult time believing that they would be so blatant as to have sex during the day in a public area. Jake sensed Brent's curiosity and told him to check it out.

"Go ahead and walk back there. You'll see what I'm talking about."

Brent let his curiosity win out and he decided to walk down the path leading to the woods. He shouldn't have been but for some reason he was nervous, probably because he didn't know what exactly he would find. He reached the entrance to the woods and continued down the path. As Brent walked along the wooded path he passed a number of clearings and he could hear the sounds of sexual activities. He discovered more than he would have ever expected.

Brent stopped at one spot and peeked between the branches into a small clearing. There he saw three guys with their pants and underwear down around their ankles. One guy was leaning over getting fucked as he was sucking a cock. Brent moved away quickly as if he was afraid of getting caught watching them. At another area he spotted two guys and one was fucking the other one. Brent kept walking and he saw twosomes and threesomes along the way before he finally located a cute blonde and his partner.

Brent quietly moved as close as he could as to not be detected as he spied on the pretty twosome. The two of them had their slacks down around their ankles and their underwear down around their knees. The dark haired guy was stroking both cocks at the same time with one hand. Brent noticed that they both had average size looking cocks. The blonde had his eyes closed and moaned softly as he was masturbated. Then the dark haired guy squatted down and took the blonde's cock in his mouth. Brent watched the blonde get his cock sucked until he announced that he was cumming. 

The brown haired guy took the blonde's cock from his mouth and jerked it off as the blonde ejaculated. Then the guy took the cock back in his mouth and sucked the blonde dry. Next it was the blonde's turn and he dropped down and sucked off the other guy. The scene was repeated as the blonde sucked the other guy until it was his turn to cum and then the blonde jerked him off. After the dark haired guy stopped shooting the blonde sucked his cock dry. Brent then moved away and began his walk back toward the picnic table. Brent heard the sounds of sex as he passed others along the way and finally walked out of the woods.

"That is unbelievable," he sighed as he sat down with Jake.

"I told you so."

"There must have been a dozen guys down there."

"For some reason they feel safe here. I don't think that it is patrolled that frequently. Okay now that your curiosity is satisfied, let's get going."

They tossed their rash in the receptacles and hit the bathroom before they left the rest area. Jake steered the rig onto the highway and they were on their way to Nebraska. Brent was surprised how flat the country was in the plain states. He set up his music and put the earphone in. Jake listened to Brent sing along with the songs and he liked the young man's voice. They drove for another three hours before stopping at another rest area just long enough to use the bathroom.

Jake drove west of Lincoln and stopped at a truck stop two hours later. "You'll like this one too. The food is great," Jake said as they pulled in.

The same routine was followed, a bathroom break followed by a good meal and then another bathroom stop before they were ready to turn in. Jake hooked the rig up to the power source and they stretched out in the sleeper cab. They stripped down to their undershorts and read the local newspaper. 

Brent started got playful and rubbed Jake's cock through his shorts. Once Jake got a woody, Brent pulled it out through the leg opening and stroked it. Next he covered it with his mouth and sucked on it. Brent ran his tongue all around the shaft and tickled the pee hole.

"Do you want to cum in my mouth or would you like to fuck me again?"

"I'd like to fuck you again."

"I was hoping you would say that."

As they had done each night, they stripped off their undershorts and Brent got on all fours handing the lube to Jake. He took his time lubricating Brent's ass and he liked the submissive posture. Brent had his head down on his hands which were folded on the bed. Brent's ass was elevated and his back was arched emphasizing the curvy shape of his ass. Brent looked perfect and he presented exactly the image that Jake liked to fuck. It was clearly Jake's favorite position as once he was into Brent's ass it was just like fucking a girl doggy style. Brent's cock and balls were hidden from Jake's view.

Jake moved close and slowly eased his cock into Brent's ass. Brent groaned slightly with the penetration and his sphincter stretched once again to accept the big cock. Once past the sphincter Jake fucked Brent slowly until Brent's ass opened up and he was once again able to take the big thick cock. 

"Not too deep at first and then deeper," Brent reminded Jake.

Jake started slowly and relished the vision of his cock sliding in and out of the beautiful ass. As Brent loosened up Jake picked up the pace and soon his hips were slapping against the lovely Brent. Brent's curvy buttocks would jiggle each time Jake thrust into it and Jake loved the effect. Being particularly horny that evening, Jake felt his orgasm building again and he knew that he would dump another load in Brent's ass. Brent felt Jake's body stiffen and make one final thrust as Jake buried his cock in Brent's rectum. He felt cum surge into him and he felt Jake's cock throb with each release. 

Brent's sphincter instinctively massaged Jake's cock and drew every drop of cum from the shaft. Jake kept pressed against the pretty blonde and let his cock be milked dry. Brent couldn't hold his position any longer and he collapsed forward on the bed. Brent remained on his stomach face down on the bed as he recovered from being thoroughly fucked. After several minutes, Brent rolled to his back and jerked off shooting another substantial load onto his body.

"I love being fucked like that," Brent cooed.

"I like it too. You are a great butt fuck," Jake told him.

Minutes later they were both ready for more and got into the spoon position. Jake eased his cock into Brent's ass. He fucked the pretty blonde slowly and gave him a reach around. They both came again and then it was time to get some sleep.

DAY FOUR AND MORE

Sunday morning found Jake in Brent's ass again. Jake wanted to see how many times he and Brent could cum without removing his cock. He found it incredibly exciting to watch his cock slide in and out between those glorious globes. Brent liked the soothing feeling semen gave his ravaged asshole but he felt unbelievably full. Jake started to fuck him with long deliberate strokes as he admired Brent's beautiful ass accepting his huge cock. Jake stroked the marvelous ass cheeks and told him how good he looked in this position with his dick skewering Brent's luscious ass. 

Jake felt his second ejaculation start down in his balls and rush up through his cock flooding Brent's rectum again. He came more than he expected and cum soon filled Brent's asshole to overflowing and backed up coating his cock and running down the inside of Brent's thighs. Brent jerked off and shot another load onto the bed sheets. Jake felt the sphincter tighten around his cock when Brent ejaculated. Jake was not done with Brent and he continued fucking his tight ass. Brent's rectum held the cock tightly and Jake felt as if he could stay hard forever in Brent's beautiful ass. 

Jake was so turned as he watched his cock saw in and out of the beautiful ass. Brent had his head turned to the side of the mattress and he was gripping the sheets with both hands as Jake fondled the shapely buttocks and plowed into him. Jake could feel the verge of yet another ejaculation and it felt like it started in his toes. All of a sudden it let loose and he filled Brent's asshole with cum. His cock seemed to swell up bigger than ever and it seemed that his spunk had no where to escape.

He kept slowly fucking Brent's ass until his cock started to soften. Brent's ass was involuntarily milking the cock draining it of all Jake's seed. When Jake's cock finally slipped from Brent's asshole with an audible pop, his cum shot out and ran down the back of Brent's legs and over his testicles. It looked like Brent was shooting cum out of his ass. Brent collapsed face down on the bed and Jake stroked his buns lovingly as he lay quietly.

"That was unbelievable. No one has ever done that to me before. It feels like a river of semen is running out of me."

"I have never done that with anyone either. I have cum multiple times before but that was the first time I stayed in someone for so long."

"I need to take a shower and douche my ass before we head out today."

"Me too, this place has decent showers."

Jake looked at the time and realized that they had been fucking for hours. It had been great but now they needed to get going and make up some time. After they showered and dressed Jake bought coffee and donuts so they could eat on the road. Jake wanted to make it to Cheyenne, Wyoming that day. They drove that morning without stopping at a rest area until they reached another truck stop. Brent was convinced his bladder had never felt so full and he peed for several minutes when he emptied it. Once again Jake opted to buy food and bring it with them on the trip. They stopped at one rest area before finally arriving in Cheyenne. 

Brent was pleased that they finally stopped as he was tired from the trip. They sat in the restaurant and had a beer before the food was served. Jake and Brent took their time eating and even had another beer after dinner. Brent noticed four guys come into the restaurant and two of them were definitely truckers but the other two were clean cut younger men. Jake spotted them too.

"Looks like Sam and Rich picked up a couple of riders."

"Really, can four people fit in the cab?"

"Their cab, they can. They got a new rig with a big ass sleeper cab. Four people can easily fit in it."

"Do you think the other guys are gay?"

"I know they are. Sam and Rich are always picking up gays to keep them company."

Brent tried to visualize the four of them having sex in the truck. In a way he envied the other two gays as he knew that they could have each other in addition to the truckers. Brent wouldn't mind having his cock sucked or fucking a cute ass. At that same time he liked Jake and was satisfied with his treatment on the trip. Just then the truckers approached their table and sat at one nearby.

"Hey Jake, how's it going?"

"Good Sam, how about with you guys?"

"Real good, where are you headed?"

"San Francisco, I hope to pick up another load for the return trip."

"We're only going as far as Salt Lake City. Who's your friend?"

"This is Brent. He's going to be working in Frisco. He's been good company along the way."

"I bet he has. These two pretty boys are Cameron and Tyler. We're taking them to Salt Lake."

Jake looked at the two gays and saw that they kept staring at Brent. Jake had an idea and surprised everyone.

"Brent, show Cameron and Tyler our rig while I have a beer with Sam and Rich."

Everyone looked surprised but Brent picked up on it. He was being offered the opportunity to have some sex with the other gays. Cameron and Tyler seemed interested and Sam cleared the way.

"Yeah, go ahead and have some fun," Sam said and bellowed a laugh.

The three gays left the restaurant as the three truckers drank their beer and talked about their trip. On the way to the truck, Brent admitted that Jake had been fucking him. He also shared that he missed getting his cock sucked and fucking someone. Cameron assured him that they were ready to provide that relief as long as they got to fuck his hot looking ass. Brent agreed and the three of them got in the cab sleeper.

Clothes came off quickly and the three of them maneuvered into position so that Cameron could suck Brent's cock and Tyler could rim Brent's anus. It didn't take Brent long to cum and then he reciprocated sucking Cameron's cock. Tyler moved behind Brent and fucked him. Tyler was much smaller than Jake and it felt very different but still pleasurable. Cameron and Tyler also came quickly and by then Brent was ready to fuck an ass.

They three of them moved into a spoon position with Brent in Tyler's ass and Tyler in Cameron's ass. It took longer but they all managed to cum again and Brent was thrilled that he was able to enjoy the company of the cute gays. The three of them dressed and returned to the restaurant. The truckers had finished eating and were on their last beer.

"Have fun guys?" Sam quipped.

They simply nodded in the affirmative. "Good, well we need to get going. Good to see you Jake."

"Safe travels guys catch you on the flip flop," Jake offered and then asked, "Ready to go Brent?"

"Ready," Brent acknowledged.

Jake and Brent returned to the truck and got in the cab sleeper. "Thanks for that, Jake."

"No problem, I figured that you could use a blow job and it wasn't going to come from me. Let's get some sleep and we'll fuck in the morning."

The two of them were very tired and they had no trouble falling asleep. Brent was sexually sated and slept soundly. In the morning Brent would be in for another surprise.

DAY FIVE 

The next morning Brent was confused when Jake didn't fuck him first thing in the morning. Instead they hit the showers early and they were the only ones there. The showers at this stop were much more private then other stops and Jake guided Brent into the same stall. There were two shower curtains, one covering the shower and the other covered the dressing area. 

The two of them then began to wash each other. Jake washed Brent's body and paid particular attention to Brent's ass. Jake stood behind Brent and washed Brent's chest and abs. Jake's hands made their way down to Brent's ass. Jake cupped the inviting buttocks in his hands as he soaped up Brent's ass. Then he fingered Brent's asshole and soaped up his own cock. Brent leaned forward slightly placing his hands on the shower wall and arched his back so that his ass pushed back toward Jake. Jake eased his cock into Brent's soapy asshole as he held onto Brent's hips.

Brent groaned seductively as the big dick entered his asshole. Jake fucked him slowly and watched his cock slide in and out of Brent's shapely ass. Jake was so turned on that he felt his orgasm building quicker then he planned. There was no stopping him and his balls tightened as he unloaded in Brent's ass. Jake held onto to Brent's hips and drove his cock deep into Brent's asshole. Brent felt the hot cum fill his asshole to overflowing and instinctively used his sphincter muscle to milk Jake's cock. Brent loved to feel Jake's first load of the day in his ass and as expected Jake flooded Brent's rectum.
