 Smiling he turned and walked out the door then left down the dark corridor. He turned his head slightly over his shoulders to ensure that I was following him. I was but my mind was a thousand miles away and my eyes darting from side to side to see if anyone was watching me following this, soon to be sexual partner down the corridor to our den of sin or where ever else he was taking me. I had no idea! I just followed like a lost pup.

As I followed him down the dark narrow passage a door on my right swung open lighting up the corridor from the glowing TV screen. I looked in to see two guys who must just finished doing their business. With just a quick glance I was able to observe that it was the two that were jerking off in the sauna earlier. 

Hell! I don't even know this guy's name, what the heck he didn't know mine either. He was standing waiting for me at the entrance to a smaller room but better lit then the one we had just come from. There was a small TV hanging from a bracket on the wall and from what I could see it was the same porn video that was playing on the big screen. There was a black vinyl mat laid out in the middle of the floor, a silver bowl on the right of the mat and a box of tissues on the left. On the wall to the right was a hand basin a plastic container full of condoms and two liquid dispensers. The first dispenser had a small sign reading "soap" and the other "Lube gel". 

My nameless friend stepped in and gestured for me to follow. I followed willingly but with a tinge of apprehension. He closed the door behind me and latched it closed. This is it! I thought. I'm in a locked room with a strange man who's name I don't even know, in a place I thought was just a club for men of my sexual preference to get together for a spa and sauna. There's no turning back now…. 

I stood in the middle of the room glancing at his half naked body, the only sound was of a man asking to be fucked in the ass. Was that the TV or someone in the next room? It all sounded so far away. The only other sound was of my heart pounding a hundred miles an hour through my chest. He walked towards me and placed a hand on my chest, the hairs on my arms stood on end from his gentle touch. His other hand went to the towel around his waist tugging it away and letting it fall to reveal a very rigid thick cock. It was about 5' long and cut with a golden nicely trimmed bush above the base. He must trim and shave like I do I thought. 

I followed suit and tugged at my towel, letting fall to the floor. His eyes diverted from mine and glanced at my rock hard cock that was eagerly waiting to be sucked. The wait wasn't very long at all. He stepped closer and I could feel his breath on my face and our cocks touched for the first time. His hand slid down my chest to my belly then to my cock. I followed his every move. Sliding my shaking hand to his waiting cock, I felt it twitch as I touched the smooth round head. As I gently squeezed it I could feel his precum dribble out of cock hole and trickle down into my hand. I began to message it over the head as his hand began to move up and down the shaft of my own rigid cock that had also dripped with precum.

We stood in the center of the room, eyes closed and our hands around each other's cocks as if two lovers dancing to slow music. I let out a sigh as he took my left nipple into his hot mouth and sucked on it. He would first suck then open his mouth to flick his wet tongue over my now hardened nipple, he would then kiss it with his soft lips before changing to my right nipple to give it the same treatment. As he moved his face across my chest I could feel the rough stubbles from his two day growth.

He repeated the same hot action on my right nipple as he had done on the left. By this time I was hot and horny as hell, all I wanted to do right then was to take his hard cock in my mouth and suck it for it was worth. But my new found friend was in control, he kissed my chest, my neck then our lips met for the first time. We kissed with our mouths closed for a few seconds, then I felt his tongue trying to slip between my lips. With reluctance I opened my lips slightly and his tongue entered my mouth. 

Our lips parted and he began to kiss my neck once again, moving down to my chest then my nipples. He slowly bent down and positioned himself on one knee then both. He Knelt before me and looked me in the eye as he stroked my cock that was ready to explode any minute. My body tensed as he licked the engorged head of my cock before he wrapped his wet lips around it causing me to go weak at the knees. He sucked on the head then took half of my cock into his mouth. I was trying so hard not to cum as my cock slid in deeper and deeper. My entire length was now in his hot moist mouth, he tightened his cheeks around the shaft and slid his lips up and down the length. The feeling was incredible, this guy knew how to suck cock, I hope I can pleasure him as well as his pleasuring me I thought.

His other hand went to my balls and he massaged one then the other. He held them in his hand, weighing them then rubbing them gently. He slipped my cock from his mouth and circled the head with his tongue then licked the length of the shaft before taking it in his mouth once again. His pace quickened as I held his head in my hand. I moved my hips back and forth fucking his mouth as we both let out a grunt with every thrust. I wanted him in my mouth now, I had to have him. I held him by the shoulders and stood him up, my cock sprung from his mouth and hit my belly with a thud. My heart was beating hard as I kissed his lips and his neck, I worked my way down to his nipples and copied everything he had done to me earlier. I knelt in front of him, held his cock in my right hand and licked the head as my other hand gently cupped and massaged his dangling balls. 

I wanted to show this man that I could suck cock just as good or even better then he can. I held his cock between my fingers as I encircled the head with my tongue. I licked all around it along the shaft then back up to lick the precum that had formed at the end of the little hole. It was warm and sweet tasting. I held his cock close to his belly as I licked the length of the shaft starting from the tip of the head all along the shaft and down to his balls. I licked one then the other. He let out a deep sigh to signify his enjoyment he was getting from my tongue working over time on his cock and balls. I worked my tongue up the shaft and engulfed the head with my mouth. I sucked on it as I massaged his balls with my free hand.

I looked up too see him pinching his own nipples. He pulled on them as I took his cock deeper into my mouth. I could feel the end of his hard cock hitting the back of my throat as he began to move his hip back and forth. I relaxed my throat muscles to allow more of his length into my wet mouth letting out a deep moan with every thrust. He held my head in his hands and slid his saliva covered cock out of my mouth. I had to stop or else I would have cum down your throat he said as he knelt in front of me. Would that have been a bad thing I though.

He asked me to lie on my back. I lay down on the vinyl mat, it was a little cold and sent a chill up my back but I soon forgot the cold as I felt his hand wrap around my cock once more. I let my head fall back onto the mat closing my eyes as I felt my body begin to relax. His muscular hand began to roam over my body as he slid the other one up and down the length of my cock. I suddenly felt his lips around the swollen head then his mouth sliding down the length. I let out a long sigh as he engulfed the length of my rigid cock then slowly sucked back the end then slowly back down. He did this a few time while I tried very hard not to cum.

We sucked each others cock in turn, changing positions from a 69 to him on his back then me on my back again. It felt like we had been at it for hours but it had only been 30 minutes or so. With all the sucking, licking and the smell of sex in the air I knew I was ready to cum, I wanted to watch him cum. Before I could speak he asked me if I wanted to fuck. At this point time stood still. I was dumb founded, I couldn't utter a word. I looked at him, I felt like a virgin who was about to be deflowered for the first time. Could I go through with this? 

I've never done anal before I said. Looking down I realized we were still holding each other's cocks. No problem he said, if your not ready that's fine. It's not that I'm not ready, it's just that I'm not sure what to do first I answered. With that he stood up and walked to the basin, grabbed the lube and two condoms and sat back down. By this time I was so hot I would have done anything this man asked of me. Without a word he ripped open one of the condom packets handing me the condom then opened the other. He leant forward taking hold of my cock. He held it with his fingers as he carefully slid the condom over the head then rolling in down the length. 

He asked me to sit and spread my legs wide, I did as I was told. He then to spread his legs over mine and inched his body closer to mine, We were now face to face and our cocks only inches apart. He handed me his condom and asked me to put it on for him. Holding his cock I slid it over the head then rolled it along the length of his rigid cock as he had done to me. As I slid my hand up and down the shaft to ensure it was on correctly, he reached over to get the lube sitting at the end of his feet. I leant back and used my elbows for support as I watch him with anticipation. He held the base of my cock and squeezed a length of gel along the shaft and the head. My heart began to beat rapidly as he held the base of the condom and rubbed the gel all over my cock with the other. The feeling of his hand massaging the cold gel over the condom was sending me over the top, I knew if I didn't stop him now I would explode prematurely. He must have sensed it also because he stopped his handy work and smiled up at me before handing me the lube.

I did the same in return, only I made sure I teased him as I massaged the gel over his cock. I squeezed the engorged head and slid my hand down the shaft using a little pressure. His body tensed as I slid my hand back up the shaft and softly squeezed the head. A few drops of pecum seeped from the hole in to the end of the condom. He sat up and held my hand taking it away from his cock, it sprung back hitting his belly with a soft thud.

Without uttering a word he removed his legs away from mine and knelt before me on all fours. I want you to fuck me now he said looking back over his left shoulder. He spread his thighs a little wider and arched his back exposing his dark hairy opening. With a trembling hand I reached down between his thick muscular thighs and cupped his dangling balls, massaging and weighing them. I held my own cock at the base contemplating my next move.

I moved closer towards him letting the tip of my cock rest at his waiting hole. He pushed back letting me know he was ready to be fucked, but was I ready? I spread his ass cheeks and held my cock just below the head guiding it into his opening. I held it in place and slowly moved my hips forward feeling the pressure as I pushed it in. I got the end of the head just passed the opening and held it there. He reached down between his legs and began rubbing his balls then he would stretch a little further to rub mine. I heard him moan as I pushed my cock further in. I spread his ass cheeks wider to get better access making the head disappear into his opening as he pushed back to meet my slow thrust. I held it there feeling the pressure around my cock head. I could feel my orgasm begin to build up in my balls. I held my breath and tightened the grip around the base of my cock hoping it would subside.

OOOOHHH FFFUCCKKK!! I'm going to cum I yelled. I couldn't hold back any longer, my body stiffened and I could feel the heat in my balls as my orgasm became more intense. I held onto his hips for support, as my cock head began to throb stretching his opening with every pulse. I closed my eyes and pushed forward as my spoof traveled from my balls along the shaft and erupted like a volcano. My body shook in spasms as my cum gushed out spurt after spurt like never before. I let my cock slip out leaving the end of the cum filled condom still inside, I held onto the condom around the base of my still throbbing cock and pulled back, making the end of the condom slip out of his opening. 

With a big grin he turned towards me passing a hand full of tissues. I sat there for a moment trying to catch my breath as I felt my heart beating through my chest in rapid pace. Taking the tissues from him I pulled off the cum filled condom and wiped my softening cock. I tossed the condom into the bin provided and took a deep breath as I watched him lying back on the vinyl mat. He had his cock in his hand and was jerking off. I crept towards him pushing his hand away and taking hold of his cock. It was hot and well lubed up from the gel. I began to move my hand up and down the length stoking it softly then adding a little pressure as I get to the head. I cupped his balls in my left hand and sped up the pace on my hand job. 

My hand was now moving faster and faster along the shaft as I felt his cock begin to throb. His eyes were now closed and his breathing more rapid. His body stiffened and he let out a long sigh as his cum spurt forth. I kept up the pace as his cock throbbed in my hand filling the end of the condom with his seed. I slowed my rhythm on his softening cock as he lay there catching his breath. He looked up at me with a glazed look in his eyes and without a word grabbed his towel before standing and slowly sliding the cum filled condom off his half erect cock. 

We cleaned ourselves up before saying our goodbyes. He unlocked the door and we walked out into the darkened corridor, not another word was said as we went our separate ways. I took a hot shower dressed and made my way to the front counter. I rang the bell to summon for John to come and let me out through the security door. Within a few seconds he was at the counter and greeted me with a big grin. How was your day? He asked, as he looked me up and down with a "I know what you've been doing look on his face. I've had a very interesting day thank you very much, I said while trying to look innocent. I'm glad you did and I hope you visit us again soon he replied. I handed him my locker key and pulled the door open as he pressed the button to unlatch the security door. 

I walked out into the sunlight looking suspiciously at the surroundings before heading to my car. I drove home with the radio turned down low reminiscing about the events that had just taken place. I arrived home at around 2.00 I undress and jumped in the shower to ensure the smell of the sauna, steam room and sex had faded from my body. As the hot water soothed my body the image of me sucking another mans cock came flooding back and I had to work myself to another mind blowing orgasm.