 'Oh shit, I'm so sorry!'

Kate gasped and slammed the door before rushing back downstairs to the living room. Her breath coming out in little pants as she tried to process what she had just seen.

Jamie, her best friend had been bent over the bed as Alan, his flatmate and her crush slammed into him from behind.

She had only been at the door for a second, maybe 2. But the scene was seared into her memory for all of eternity.

She sat on the sofa and blinked at the blank telly. A door upstairs opened and closed and this galvanized her into action. She hurriedly grabbed her jacket and bag, ready to rush out of the door.

'Wait!'

She froze, her back to Jamie with one hand on the door knob.

'I'm so sorry you had to see that. I tried...I didn't know how to tell you that Alan and I were fucking each other. I know you fancy him but...ah, fuck.'

She remained with her back to him as she squeezed out of her suddenly blocked throat, 'It's fine. If it hadn't been you, it would have been someone else anyway.'

'But that's the thing, Kate. He fancies you too. And he fancies me.'

At this, she turned to stare at Jamie with a confused expression. Jamie barked out a laugh and dropped to the sofa, his hand running through his hair roughly.

'Alan fancies the shit out of you. But he's bisexual. I'm willing to take that cuz I am too. He didn't think you'd be as willing.'

'But...but...' She gasped like a fish.

'Or are you?'

She looked up and saw that Alan had walked silently downstairs and was staring at her with no expression on his face. 'Will you be okay with me and you? And Jamie?'

Kate looked at him. Then Jamie. She stared at Alan's bare chest, sculpted with the most delicious 6 pack and sexy trail of hair going down into his briefs. Her eyes stopped at the tent still formed. She gulped again but this time she could feel her breasts swell in arousal. Her cunt moisten.

Alan's eyes suddenly went hooded as he noticed her arousal. He smiled slowly. Sexily.

'I dare say you are.' He whispered.

Jamie looked at him then turned to look at her. His eyes smouldered as well. He stood up slowly and walked to Alan. Around him. His head barely reached Alan's neck. He raised up a bit and placed an open-mouthed kiss on his shoulder. His neck.

His eyes slid up to stare at Kate, 'Are you?' He asked in the same tone as Alan - softly.

Kate did not know when she dropped her jacket and bag on the floor. All she could hear was a roar rushing through her ears. She felt like she was under water. Could she do this?

She bit her lip as a soft whimper was wrenched from her. Jamie smiled then turned Alan's face to his and kissed him. She moaned as they kissed passionately, their tongues touching then retreating.

Alan broke the kiss and walked towards her slowly. He stopped directly in front of her and stared deep in her eyes. She jumped a little as his fingers trailed up her thighs, pushing her skirt up gently till his fingers were skirting her knickers.

She did not stop staring at his captivating eyes as he slid his fingers into her knickers and softly rubbed her pubic bone. Her cunt lips. Then one finger dipped.

Her eyes drifted shut as she moaned.

'Look at me.'

She opened her eyes immediately to see him staring deep in her eyes.

'Look at me, Kate. Don't stop looking.' He commanded gently. Firmly.

Another finger dipped then surged up her cunt and she groaned out loud. Her legs felt rubbery and his other hand quickly gripped her right hip to keep her upright.

Then he groaned and she looked round to see that Jamie was behind him. She looked down and saw Jamie's hand around Alan's cock. Rubbing up and down, slow then fast. She did not know when she breathed out 'Fuck me.'

Alan grinned evilly then turned her round to kneel on the sofa. She gripped the sofa tight and looked over her shoulder to see Alan kneel down behind her on the floor. She looked back at the wall in front of her then cried out as she felt his tongue on her clit. Lashing it steadily. Non-stop. Then hard. Harder. Furiously.

She gasped and moaned until she felt hands on her face. Jamie was in front of her staring at her so sweetly. He bent to kiss her forehead then straightened. His jeans were unzipped and he slid them down, freeing his hard cock. He rubbed her cheeks gently then pressed on her jaw. She opened her mouth and heard him groan harshly as she sucked him in.

'Yes!' He hissed.

She sucked and licked and slurped her way up and down his cock, her feelings torn between giving him head which she loved doing and enjoying the ministrations of Alan from behind. Soon she was bucking her cunt into Alan's face. With just his tongue, she was ready to explode. Her mouth was open and Jamie was fucking her face hard as she could not suck.

She felt Alan grip her arse cheeks wider and wider as he licked and sucked. Then he licked up to her arsehole and speared his tongue in.

She screamed out around Jamie's cock and exploded all over Alan's face and the sofa.

She felt tremors up and down her spine as he kept on licking, his fingers in her cunt now as Jamie kept on fucking her face. Alan suddenly released her and Jamie flipped her over. She was not down from her high but that did not stop Jamie from slamming his cock back into her mouth. Down her throat. She gagged, but Jamie did not care. She opened her eyes and saw that his mouth was open and his eyes staring up at the ceiling as he fucked in harder and harder. She was about to hit his thighs that she could not breathe when he suddenly pulled out of her mouth and clambered over her to Alan. He held Alan's face and surged into his throat before crying out. His butt-cheeks clenched as he came hard into Alan's mouth. Kate could only stare at the way Alan gripped his butt, forcing him deeper and deeper into his mouth.

Jamie slowly slid out of Alan's mouth and tottered unsteadily to the sofa before dropping. He was spent. Alan's cock was an angry purple. He grabbed Katie and before she could screech, dropped her on his cock.

She did screech. In rapture.

He pummeled into her with a crazy rhythm from underneath. She screamed and screamed in ecstasy as he fucked her like a machine.

He breathed out a long-drawn out, 'Fuckkkkkk', then spun her round to fuck into her again.

Katie thought she was going to die from the pleasure. Then he stopped and pressed deeply. His breath hitched. She struggled to look back and saw that Jamie was sliding into him from behind.

Jaysusssss, she hissed to herself. The sight was fucking erotic.

As Jamie fucked him, he slammed into her. Soon Jamie was fucking him like a maniac and the momentum was pushing his cock deeper and deeper into her. She felt her eyes start to roll to the back of her head and then his fingers pinched her clit roughly before rubbing. She splintered and her vision went dark.

She woke up and saw Jamie grunting non-stop as he fucked Alan. His fingers were like a blur on Alan's cock and soon she heard Alan gasp, his cum splashing on her thighs. Jamie groaned loudly. Once. Twice as he came in Alan's arse.

Kate struggled to her knees and bent over to catch Alan's dick in her mouth. Greedily draining him of his cum.

***

'We should do this again sometime, don't you think?' Katie timidly asked.

Alan laughed tiredly and flicked her nose.

'I need a few minutes, doll. We are definitely doing this again. Just a few minutes.'

Katie sighed happily to herself. And that was the beginning of a wonderful relationship.