 Hello everyone. I am a longtime reader, first time author. I hope you get plenty of enjoyment out of my story and that it is spank bank worthy. Just a disclaimer, this is a story that involves gay, bisexual, and straight sexual acts. While it is based on events I have experienced, I changed all the names of places and locations, and I have made some changes to timelines and whatnot. I hope to write more over time, so keep me motivated with e-mails and whatnot. You can contact me with questions, concerns, or encouragement via the CONTACT tab on my profile.

*

"Goddamn, isn't that a beautiful sight?" I exclaimed while wiping the sleep out of my eyes.

Aaron was standing in the kitchen frying eggs with his back turned to me. He was wearing black Calvin Klein underwear. I loved to stare at his body: the dimples peeking out just over his underwear, the perfect indent along his spine, his protruding shoulder blades, the light smattering of hair over his back; ass; and legs, and his thick and chiseled arms with geometric style tattoos. His dark hair was sleep-tousled and his tan skin was perfectly cast in sunlight from the window.

He turned his head slightly with a smile, "Take a picture."

"I have plenty," I joked and grabbed a piece of bacon from the plate next to him.

"I'm sure you do. Do you want eggs?" He asked.

"No, the bacon will do. I need to shower and get to class." I slid off my underwear before walking out of the kitchen.

"Jesus, nobody wants to see your hairy ass." He threw a piece of bacon at me.

Aaron and I shared a studio apartment on campus. We were roommates our freshmen year, then I got the studio when we were sophomores. He had moved in with his girlfriend, but she decided to move back home midyear, so he moved in with me. While it was a small space, we made due. It was big for a studio; the main room was big and we had a decent sized kitchen. We started with two futons, but upgraded to bunk beds and one of those nice L-shaped couches. We planned on getting a bigger apartment once we started dancing at the night club just off campus on lady's nights, but nothing else seemed right. It wasn't stripping, just dancing in sexy underwear and serving drinks.

I decided to put off a jerk off session in the shower in hopes of being able to fit in a quick blowjob before class. After a quick shower, I made my way into the main room to get dressed.

"Fuck! Sometimes I think I see your cock and balls more than my own!" Aaron complained.

"Take a picture," I smiled and pulled up a pair of see-through mesh briefs. Aaron made a comment about why I would even bother covering up at all. I also put on a pair of white basketball shorts and a pink and white fitted tank top with something about California on it. Before leaving, I slipped on my white flip flops and grabbed my bag.

I made the 20-minute walk to class while texting with a freshmen guy I met on Grindr a few months before. He was good for a quick blowjob a few days a week, but anything more than that and his clinger status upgraded quite a bit. He was good to go and waiting for me in a basement storage room in the building I was heading for. We exchanged quick pleasantries while we both pulled our pants down and began fondling each other. He went straight for my balls and licked along the crease of my thighs and taint.

"Wish you hadn't showered, I enjoy your musk," He mused.

He slurped and sucked like a pro, making it easy for me to quickly harden up. I grabbed the back of his head and pushed it in to me. I released when he began gagging. I told him I had class in 10 minutes so he needed to hurry. He climbed up on a desk and hung his head over the edge so I could get better access for fucking his mouth. I reached forward and started jacking his dick for him.

"Gonna cum! I'm gonna cum!" He flipped over on his stomach and jacked me off until I came, hitting his chin and the desk.

When I tried to get access to his cock, he said "Don't bother, you know I can't blow from just a blowy. Wish I could get relief from a quickie, too."

"If you want, I've got a break around noon. We could fuck in the 4th floor library bathroom."

"Nah, I've got work. I'll just try to find someone in the food court during my break."

While we got dressed, I remarked, "How much of our jizz do you think is on the shit in this room?"

"Enough to get us in a lot of trouble if they ever go through here for DNA scans," He laughed.

"Eh, I've walked in on plenty of sex acts in here, we're good."

I gave him a quick kiss and wiped the cum off his chin with my thumb. I made it to class a few minutes late, but the professor never minded. He always started class off with a news review from last night and I'm usually the only one who watched or read about any of it. After several long hours of classes, I made my way back to the apartment. On the way, I texted a few of the regular guys I fool around with. None of them were available, so I picked up some food on my way back. When I walked into the apartment, Aaron was laying on his stomach with one leg hanging over the side of the couch eating the pussy of a pretty brunette girl. He was wearing just a pair of superhero trunks and socks to match; she was wearing just a tank top.

I cleared my throat with a smile, "You guys about to fuck or something?"

Aaron laughed, but the girl looked mortified. He sat up, showing off his very erect bulge, while she grabbed a pillow to cover her exposed kitty. "Hey, Ben, this is Erica, our new neighbor!"

She awkwardly smiled and nodded in my direction. I threw down my stuff and said hello. "Do you guys mind if I hang out on my bed back there and crash, I'm dead tired and don't want to have to go find something to do."

Aaron smiled, "Dude, join us, this show is fucking great!" Erica gave him a reluctant look and then agreed.

I jumped on the end of the couch, on the other side of Erica. The show ended up being ridiculously boring, so Aaron started getting handsy with Erica. She giggled and began fondling his growing bulge.

I started to get up to excuse myself, but Erica grabbed my arm and told me I didn't have to go. "If you both don't mind a devil's threesome, I don't." 

I could see the twinkle in Aaron's eye when she was the one to suggest it. We did this pretty often. He'd go find a girl while I was out, get her home and start her off in time for me to get home, hoping she'd be up for the both of us. It worked more than most would think. There were a few girls who came back for more, but he found thrill in the hunt for new conquests.

I slid off my shirt while she leaned in and began to kiss me. Aaron resumed his position from before and, while I couldn't see him, I could hear him enjoying himself. Erica kissed down my chest and stomach while I slid my shorts off.

In no time, she had my underwear around my ankles and she was sucking my cockhead while jerking my shaft. Aaron shifted and knelt between Erica's legs. He pulled the front of his undies down, unleashing his large dick. I reached into the drawer of the end table and pulled out a condom, then tossed it to Aaron. He rolled it on and maneuvered himself into a missionary style position over her while sliding in his dick. Erica moaned onto my cock as he began thrusting himself into her. Aaron licked her nipples with small flicks of his tongue. He softly fondled the nipple he wasn't licking with his thumb. I kicked off my underwear, then shifted my leg under her back so she would be more comfortable at the odd angle she was in while sucking on my dick. She cupped and massaged my balls while she continued sucking my head. 

We continued with this arrangement until Erica needed to shift. She jerked me off while she made out with Aaron for a bit. He sat up on the couch and slid his underwear off completely just before Erica straddled his legs on her knees and lowered herself onto his dick. She bounced on him while I stood over Aaron, one leg on each side so she could suck me off. The bouncing proved to be difficult for her to keep up while sucking. With each bounce, I'd get a scrape of teeth. She began making circular motions with her hips. I tired of standing, so I sat next to Aaron. Erica pulled herself off Aaron and moved onto my lap. 

I grabbed my dick so she couldn't put it in her vag. She gave me a questioning look, so Aaron answered for me, "He's not quite into that."

"How do you want me, then?" She asked.

"Let's just say, my pendulum swings both ways... It just swings a little more toward the guy side." I smiled.

"Oh... Do you want me to blow you still?"

"Actually, do you mind sharing me?" Aaron suggested.

"If you fuck him, who's going to fuck me?" She play-pouted.

"Well, he'd actually be fucking me." Aaron said.

"Wait, you're both gay?" She exclaimed.

"Not totally, he's semi-bi and just likes anal play, and I never question or turn down a blow job." I smiled.

"This just got too weird," Erica got up and started putting on her clothes. "Next time don't bother getting a third when you can just fuck each other!"

"But I'm all about the pussy!" Aaron called after her as she stormed out. "Well fuck!"

"Do you want to finish things up, or am I going to have to just jerk off."

"Nah, I'll just blow a load in the shower. I'm feeling kind of funky right now." He got up and went to the bathroom, kicking off his socks on the way.

I got up and climbed up to my bed. After getting situated, I pulled up some porn on the internet and jerked off until I felt the sparks shoot through my veins and the warm ropes of cum falling on my stomach and chest. I wiped myself off with a corner of my sheet and rolled over to fall asleep. I was out before Aaron was done with his shower.

Screams of terror filled the room. I jumped up and climbed off the top bunk. Aaron was in the middle of a night terror, jerking side to side, and screaming. I climbed in next to him and got under the blanket so I could hold him. He stopped shaking and screaming as soon as I wrapped my arms around him and pulled him tight against me. I softly cooed while holding him tight. His sleep talking slowly diminished, but not before I fell asleep with him in my arms. Aaron had a difficult and abusive childhood. He had night terrors almost every night, but they weren't always as loud and difficult. From the first night we were roommates, when he would start screaming, I would comfort him.

Aaron's shifting woke me, "You get lonely last night, or night terrors?"

"The latter," I let go of Aaron so I could lay back and air out my balls.

Aaron sat up, allowing me a great view of his hairy back and top of his ass, "Fuck, I'm sorry."

"You know it's all good." I patted his back before getting off the bed and putting on a pair of boxer briefs from my drawer. "You good?"

"It was bad," He wiped a couple tears from his cheeks, then got up to put on a muscle shirt and running shorts. "I'm going for a run."

"Looking to get laid or something? Your cock bounce is going to be obvious going commando in those shorts." I said with a playfully judgmental look.

Aaron looked back with a devious smile, "Always, brother. Always."

After Aaron left, I put in my ear buds and turned on an alternative mix. I collected all the laundry in the apartment and made my way to the laundry room down the hall. Erica was on the other side of the hall with a few boxes. She waved, so I smiled back and continued with my task. The laundry room was hot and smelled like pot from the guys who lived next to it. While working, someone tapped on my shoulder, making me jump on the washer and scream.

"Sorry!" Erica winced. "Do you need to borrow a shirt or maybe some pants while doing the wash? I've got a box of clothes in the hall right now!"

"Jesus, you almost gave me a heart attack!" I took a deep breath. "Does my gay body offend you? Wouldn't want to make things too weird for you again."

Erica held up her hands, "It was just a joke! I just wanted to come and apologize for last night."

"No need to apologize, you were uncomfortable. Whether it be because you're a prude or a homophobe, it's of no consequence to me."

"That was harsh," She frowned.

"You ran like you had just seen a disgusting beast as soon as you found out there would be any sort of guy on guy contact was pretty harsh, too," I turned to continue with the wash. "And for the record, Aaron is bi. Enjoying some ass play doesn't make you automatically gay."

"Well, I'm not the one who sets a threesome trap with my roommate. You think I didn't see through your little ruse? One of you brings a girl home under the guise of the roommate being out and then the other shows up out of nowhere. I'm not as na‹ve as you guys think I am."

"Fine... but you were obviously okay with the 'trap.' You were then one that suggested it. And I must say, you have been one of the fastest to be good with it."

"Again, ouch," She pouted. "You guys are hot and were ready and willing. I've never had a threesome with two guys and figured I'd go with it."

"So, you've had threesomes with other girls, then?" I smiled.

"You're gay, so what does it matter to you." She grinned.

"Touche!" I finished setting up the wash. "Do you want some help with the boxes?"

"Actually, do you have anything to drink? I'm exhausted."

We made our way back to the studio. Erica looked through the cabinets for snacks while I made mimosas.

"You have mimosa ingredients readily available?" She questioned.

"Bitch, I'm gay. Mimosas are life." I laughed.

For the next two hours, we sat around talking about everything. She was a junior like us and moved out of the dorms mid-year because of an obsessive RA who creeped her out. She questioned Aaron's anal tendencies and I spilled about the fact that I didn't know until the end of our freshmen year. I walked in on him getting pegged by his girlfriend from behind. We didn't actually cross the sex line until the day after he moved into my apartment the next fall during a marathon drinking session. We talked about many of our sexual conquests and threesomes came up. She was impressed by the number of girls who allowed Aaron and I to share them. She laughed hysterically at the stories of the girls who turned us down, especially the ones who did after finding out Aaron and I wanted to show each other attention. I made sure to point out her hypocrisy, but she denied it and excused it with the fact she knew it was a trap. When Aaron walked in, we were both laughing about a girl who said she'd pray for our sinful souls.

I whistled, "Somebody just had sex!"

"How would you even know?" Erica demanded.

"Notice the extra-tousled hair, the post-sex smirk, the scratch marks on the arm, and the faint mark of a cum stain on the front of his shorts." I explained.

Aaron smiled, "He calls it every time."

"I just tend to stare at him a little too much. Who wouldn't?" I replied.

"Hello Aaron." Erica smiled.

"Is this an admission of regret? Back for seconds?" Aaron walked over and drank the rest of my mimosa.

"While I do regret the fact that we didn't finish what would have been an amazing time, I did not appreciate your little trap."

Aaron laughed in response and shed his clothes on his way to take a shower.

Erica fanned herself with her hand, "Goddamn he is fucking beautiful."

"Tell me about it. I just wish he was as into cock as he is pussy." I sighed.

"I have to get to class, but what are you up to later?"

"We both work. You should stop by. It's lady's night at Star Dust, and you'll get half off martinis and cherry bombs just for having boobs and a vag."

"I'm not 21 until next week." Erica frowned.

"There's an under 21 section where you can drink free pop till you pass out; you can join me. I'm 21 in a month and a half. Aaron just started in the bar section last month."

"Maybe I'll show up." She winked and walked out.

I got dressed and walked into the bathroom, "Hey, I'm heading to class. The laundry's done and I'll be back in time for the pre-workout."

Aaron waved through the glass to acknowledge he heard me. My class was boring, so I texted a few friends and played some games on my phone to kill the time. The only time I listened was when the professor got to the yellow slides, which meant the information was important. He did that for handouts, too. Anything important came on yellow paper. Supposedly, yellow is good for memory. After class I met up with a good friend of mine, Tommy. He was queerer than a three-dollar bill and enjoyed himself some nail polish and eye liner. We fucked a few times in the past, but he considered me to masculine for him to be in a relationship with, so he kept me as a friend who enjoys exchanging pictures and videos of random acts of sex. Over coffee, he shared a couple pictures of a drag queen sucking his dick and a video of him fucking one of the football players from our school. I shared two videos with him. One of me blowing a guy with a micro-penis, and the other of me getting fucked by a truck driver in his cab.

"Fuck, Ben! You're still cruising at the truck stop? You are going to get arrested or killed one of these days!" He feigned concern. "But I'm so fucking jealous. They'd chase me out of there with pitchforks once they saw how fabulous I am!"

"You know I love a chubby trucker. Especially the 'straight' ones with pictures of their wives all around their cabs. That was a Grindr hookup, though. No truck stops lately." I laughed.

"I'm so going to save this one for my spank bank! He does need some lessons, though. He's clumsy as fuck. There's just no technique."

"He was fast, too. Came in under three minutes." I laughed.

"So, when am I gonna get something from your roommate?" He begged.

"The answer is the same every time. Not going to happen."

"You wound me! He's fucking godly! I've seen the bulge. He's got to be huge!"

"He is godly, and he is huge. He is not totally into guys, though, and I wouldn't do that to him."

"I'll wear a dress! I'll even tuck my dick for him!"

I stood, "I've got to get going, and still a no." I gave him a kiss on the cheek and walked off.

Before I was out of the coffee shop, I got an alert on my phone. It was a picture of Tommy's dick with a wink emoji. That man is not afraid to whip out his cock for a cockie wherever he is. I ran home and walked in on Aaron already getting a start on the workout. He was doing a handstand, but his body was completely straight up and down. I pulled off my shirt and shorts, leaving me in my boxer briefs. Aaron pulled himself down into a crane position without wavering. He truly was godly. I did my normal ab workout and admired his perfect form. After holding the crane for a bit, Aaron transferred to the firefly pose. I watched his impressive, muscular body slowly moved so that he was lying flat on his mat. When he finished his breathing routine, he sat and watched me do crunches.

"Your form is weak because you're not breathing enough." He critiqued.

"Thanks Mr. Miyagi."

"Just saying," He stood and went to the drawer where we kept our work underwear.

Yes, we share underwear for work. That shit is expensive, and we can fit into most styles the same. He went with a bright yellow pair of trunks. I went for a colorful cross between a brief and a trunk. I tended to lean to the more scandalous side and have been told to change before and get told the "we're a dance club, not a strip or sex club" speech. We both put on gym shorts, skipping the shirt and drove in my car to the club. After a once over by the manager, a few of the guys were told to trim up errant body hair. One would think that the guys would realize they should check themselves before coming in, but there are always at least three or four guys who get pissed off about having to do a quick trim. The manager does not want to see pubes hanging out of the edges of your underwear. She warned me and another guy to keep things classy and to try to invest in more appropriate attire. After the okays were put through, we all waited around for the party to start. One by one, we were called out when needed. I was second to get called for the under 21 side, but Aaron was always a first; even now on the bar side. I spent the night dancing, flirting, and partying. It was quite possibly the best job out there. Erica showed up later in the night. Since there were plenty of guys out there, I got to spend my time dancing and hanging with her, only needing to go for drink runs on occasion.
