 Rhonda started her lecture for today's class, though deep in her mind, she couldn't stop her greatest craving. She spent the next forty minutes discussing mathematics with her students. They, in turn, wrote everything down on their notebooks. Two of them, however, didn't even have their pencils in their hands. And Rhonda didn't mind. She knew what they wanted.

She had known Elliott and Lenny since the first day of the school year. The two eighteen-year-old students were fascinated with her, but not in the way of typical education. At first, the three had grown to become good friends. A few months later, however, it developed into a more top-secret matter. No one knew about it, except for themselves.

Once she turned away from the whiteboard, she noticed a sly look from blond-haired Elliott. She recognized his little smile. It was a clear signal that he wanted nothing to do with mathematics at this time. She shifted her attention to brown-haired Lenny, who held the same facial expression as his classmate. The two young men said nothing, but their eyes spoke volumes. Rhonda didn't complain in any way, seeing as how she initiated the relationship in the first place. She smiled back at both Elliott and Lenny.

The bell finally rang. This was the last class for this Friday. Every high school student in San Diego would exit their campus and pretty much forget about what they had learned for the last six hours before having some fun at home. Rhonda erased everything on her whiteboard and watched as her students left the room in an incessantly casual matter. But Elliott and Lenny didn't leave their seats. They even kept their backpacks on the floor. Rhonda anticipated this moment. They didn't want to leave the room because they had an appetite for specific physical interactions with their favorite teacher.

Rhonda waited until the classroom became empty for her and her two companions to use. The forty-two-year-old math teacher stood up from her desk and locked the door. The windows had already been closed and covered with the blinds. No one would ever see what would transpire in a place like this. She turned to see the smiles on Elliott's and Lenny's face growing larger than before.

Rhonda had always enjoyed their longing for her submissive movements. She was a beautiful and mature woman, and thanks to her appearance, she was able to snatch these two young men with no hassle whatsoever. Everything they did behind closed doors left her satisfied with the result. But she wanted something different this time. She wanted to see something else taking place in this room. She just hoped that Elliott and Lenny would understand how her mind worked.

The two students finally stood up from their seats and stepped closer to their ready and willing prey. Rhonda stood still as they grabbed her arms and waist. They slid their fingers across her skin. Lenny made his first move. He kissed her by the neck, a weak spot that made her shiver with excitement. Elliott's fingers inched closer to her belt.

Rhonda remarked, "Oh, I'm ready to go."

Lenny stepped back and took off his clothes. He flung them in a corner and waited for Elliott to loosen the teacher's belt.

Rhonda suddenly whispered, "Wait just a minute."

Elliott chuckled. "Is there a problem?"

"Oh, nothing. I just want you to take it off as well."

Elliott wasted no time, either. He took off every piece of clothing on his body and tossed them to the side. Now, Rhonda had become the only one in the room not undressed.

She viewed her young men from top to bottom. Their skinny exteriors, as well as their well-preserved dicks, reminded her why she gave in to their electrifying behavior. For the past few weeks, she acted as the prey with Elliott and Lenny conquering her every time. But seeing as how she was a teacher and they were her students, she yearned for a complete reversal. She would be the one who controlled their every move.

Rhonda licked her lips. "I want you to do something different."

Lenny asked, "What would that be?"

Rhonda stepped closer and whispered, "I want you to bang each other."

The two students immediately looked bemused. Elliott asked, "Are you serious?"

Rhonda replied, "Oh, I'm VERY serious. I'm your teacher. You do what I tell you to do."

Lenny looked away. "I'm not too sure about that."

"Oh, don't be nervous. Just do as I say, and you'll be fine. And besides, it's going to be so fun to watch."

A smile returned on Elliott's face. "Whatever you say."

She leaned over and whispered to both of them, "Kiss each other."

Elliott and Lenny looked at each other and paused for a moment.

Rhonda felt convinced that they still didn't feel too comfortable. She opened her mouth to say something, but almost immediately, Lenny grabbed Elliott by the shoulders and gave him a kiss. A very long kiss that didn't look too awkward. Rhonda could only smile, as this would be the beginning of something special.

When they stopped, both young men didn't look too pleased.

Elliott sounded as if he faked a light laugh. "Well, that didn't feel right."

Rhonda stepped in. "Let me help you with that."

She got down on her knees and saw that the two cocks had already grown fully erect. "Oh, the good times we shared together."

She brought Elliott and Lenny closer in front of her. Without hesitation, she grabbed hold of both cocks and slid her fingers up and down in a constant slow motion.

Elliott closed his eyes, as if entranced by her act. "You're good as always."

Rhonda chuckled. "But this time, just pretend I'm not here. Pretend that you are now alone with Lenny."

She could hear Elliott breathing deeper. She continued on with her hand movements. Caressing both cocks would rouse their more primitive side for sure. But just to make sure, she brought the cocks even closer together. This time, their bulbous tips touched. She looked up to see her two young companions smiling down at her. They certainly enjoyed her initiation for a much different route for their relationship altogether. She continued to caress their hardened cocks, but ever so slowly, her fingers moved a little quicker. As she rubbed their tips together with her vivacious hands, she could see Lenny's hand moving down Elliott's body. It didn't take long for him to reach down and close his fingers around Elliott's enticing erection.

Rhonda finally let go and stepped back to see Lenny substituting for her actions. He started to do all the work for her. Instead of touching tips, Lenny made both upright cocks press against each other. This would further add a little more flair to their already-changing relationship.

He whispered to Elliott, "You like that, don't you?"

Elliott almost gasped. "For some reason...yes, I do."

Rhonda laughed. "Good, this is what I want to hear. Don't stop. Show me that you adore each other."

The two naked men didn't resign that easily. They gave each other another kiss. But this time, it lasted longer than the first one and it didn't appear too awkward. The long kiss between Lenny and Elliott looked as genuine as the ones that they gave to their teacher. They locked themselves in their personal embrace and didn't stop. Rhonda sat back down at her desk and watched as her two students stood naked and eager.

Soon, they stopped and looked at each other. They no longer looked uncomfortable. Instead, they smiled at each other. At this moment, with their friendship ascending to a more open-minded stance, they seemed to have accepted Rhonda's vision all in all.

The woman couldn't help but lick her lip. "You two look so wonderful right now."

Her two students each gave her a sensuous look, as if they already knew what lay ahead of their future.

Elliott let out a light snicker. "What do you want us to do now?"

Rhonda sat up straight. "I want Lenny to fuck you hard. I don't want you to resist. I want you to enjoy it as much as I did. And I want to see EVERYTHING."

Lenny remarked, "This'll be easy."

Elliott asked, "How will it feel?"

"You'll just have to see for yourself."

In an instant, Lenny turned Elliott around and made him bent over above the teacher's desk. He whispered in his classmate's ear, "Don't be afraid. Do this for her."

Elliott didn't try to escape from his friend's grasp. He waited for Lenny to push it in. Rhonda felt lucky to witness it without interruptions from the outside world. She saw Lenny grab Elliott by the hips before stuffing his hard cock deep inside the butthole that waited for his forward propulsions.

Elliott moaned as loud as he could. Rhonda could see it in his face: he began to feel a deeply tingling sensation from within his body. At first, he must have been nervous for being the submissive one. She stepped closer and whispered in his ear, "You'll do fine. He's gonna fuck you real good."

Elliott didn't say anything. All he could do was close his eyes and moan every time Lenny pushed his own cock right into his ass.

Rhonda whispered to Lenny, "Oh, yes. Show him how it feels."

Lenny smiled as he showed Rhonda the exact same way to please a woman. Elliott, still bent over above the desk, laid his hands on the horizontal surface and didn't struggle at all.

Rhonda sat back down and watched her two naked students obeying her commands like a queen and her cavaliers. Lenny didn't have any trouble dominating his classmate. Elliott, on the other hand, showed his teacher how it felt to act in a more subservient role than the ones before. This time, he became the victim of primitive behavior.

Rhonda felt so intrigued by what she witnessed at this moment. This switch suited her fine. She had never seen Lenny and Elliott taking each other instead of her, and this indeed deserved an encore.

Lenny's performance lasted longer than expected. A handful of minutes passed, and he still kept Elliott in his grip. Every thrust equaled every one of Elliott's unashamed cries of pain and pleasure. The young men pleased each other, giving and taking without a distraction.

Lenny whispered in his classmate's ear, "You like it hard, and you know it."

Elliott moaned, "I love it when you're fucking me."

"It's for Rhonda."

"Yes...for Rhonda!"

The teacher found herself shivering for a second. This particular appearance made her tingle with a rush of exhilaration that felt stronger than normal. It had been easy for the two students that she loved so dearly to comply with her sudden idea. They did it for her, and she felt proud of their lack of defiance.

Lenny's high octane didn't seem to stop, until his hardest thrusts lost acceleration.

"Oh, shit! It's coming!"

Rhonda could see it happening. Lenny pushed his dick in as deep as he could. Elliott squeezed his eyes shut and almost screamed when the creamy deposit made its way inside the blond man's body. And to finish it off, Lenny grabbed hold of Elliott's cock and began to slide his fingers up and down for the next several seconds. Elliott gasped as his own warm cum gushed out and spilled on the floor. In addition, Rhonda could see Lenny's semen dripping down Elliott's legs. Both young men had now made a little mess on their skin and on the floor.

And then, it was over. Both young men were now completely drained from Rhonda's role reversal. Lenny didn't let go just yet. He brought Elliott closer to him and gave him a long hard kiss from behind. Naked and wet, they shared their radical moment with a silent and tender embrace.

The teacher finally relaxed from all the excitement of what she had just witnessed in her classroom. "Oh, you two were wonderful! I knew this would be something special for all of us."

Elliott chuckled. "It feels so strange...and it feels so good."

Lenny pulled his exhausted cock out of Elliott's hole. "Man, I can't decide if fucking you is better than fucking her."

Elliott looked so adorable with his little smile. "At least I now know how it feels when we do it to her."

Rhonda pulled them closer to her and gave them a hug. "Oh, this is a day that I'll never forget."

She kissed Elliott and Lenny. "Nothing could ever be as good as what we have right now."

Lenny asked, "So is this what they mean when they say that it's a 'love triangle'?"

"It's damn close."

* * *

After that day, the chemistry between the three began to change. Rhonda could see both young men experiencing a different vibe between each other. She embraced it, and so did they. Whenever she had the opportunity, she didn't waste any time taking charge in their overall relationship. She gave the orders, and Elliott and Lenny obeyed her.

Once, she made plans for her two students to visit her at her own house. There, she watched them accept their obedient roles when she ordered them to get on her bed and mesmerize her in the only way they could. And she just sat back and watched them bang each other in her home. The smile on her face never changed as her two most beloved companions were naked and thirsty for their own physical playtime. Seeing Lenny sticking his cock up Elliott's ass and dominating him for a prolonged period of time just didn't feel tiresome to watch. Rhonda felt so glad to have found this new approach to their secret liaison. Now she could watch her two students take each other for her own amusement.

She loved giving in to Elliott and Lenny, but she loved watching them giving in to her even more. With only a few months of school left for the year, she hoped that she would still be acquainted with her two students during summer vacation, during college, and even beyond. In the meantime, she was still their math teacher. It would be easy for them to submit to her verbal commands, even if they didn't even have an interest in the same sex in the first place. As soon as they climaxed on her bed, Rhonda breathed a sigh of relief. Feeling like a queen had never felt so exciting.