 Leaning in for a closer look at this puzzle of fundamental physics — How DOES one go about getting two cocks up the same butthole? —  I saw that the problem was a matter of the angle and depth of approach. "Tim, love," I said to my younger son, "at present, you have too much cock up your cousin's ass..." 

It was to be a Bros Only weekend away in the country, "no distractions," my sons informed me. 

"But of course you're invited as well, Mom," said Adrian, my eldest, now nineteen. 

"Gosh, guys, thanks," I enthused. "I really appreciate it, given that it's my lake house." 

I knew my sons wanted a quiet place to study for the following week's exams, but I couldn't fathom how their university girlfriends might prove "distracting." You may never hope to meet two girls who are sweeter, gentler, prettier, and more studious than Annie and Chloë. 

Tim, a year younger than his brother, and just as gorgeous and athletic, offered this as explanation: "For a study break we have sex, family only, we're done, then it's back to the books." 

"Really?" I said. "I don't get it. It's not as if the girls need to be wined and dined every time you boys fuck them." Which was constantly, or so it seemed to me. At any hour, a maiden's voice might be heard wailing away orgastically under the gables as a strapping lad of mine ploughed her tiny body. Truly, their coitus was the only time I knew the girls were there, by the sound of them. Otherwise, they were like a pair of cats, passing me with an embarrassed murmur of greeting on the staircase, wearing only towels, their hair damp and redolent of the hot tub. 

Annie and Chloë incentivized Adrian and Tim to study, as I figured it. In the city, they hung about my sons' rooms with a perpetual blush to their cheeks and often with a deeper telltale flush to their lovely throats and pronounced vascular sizoods and to their bony chests. They were clad, at their most formal, only ever in tank tops and white cotton panties. 

But I'd often happen by a boy's room — the idiot had sprinted to the kitchen and left the door ajar again — and see myself from twenty-four years ago: a slim naked girl of eighteen, freshly fucked, lying on her tummy, legs apart, in that way of girls who have sex all day and who have come to think nothing of it — there's always more spunk flowing out of you, your all warm and slightly tipsy from your orgasm; it feels so good, being naked all the time and fucking a guy and him fucking you; so you find where you left off in your book and wait contentedly for the yummy food that boyfriend has agreed to fetch back to your lair. 

They are adorable, these girls, and I love seeing them in their womanly repose — reading their books and fiddling with their phones and tapping away at their laptops — when they are not serving as proverbial cum dumps for my sons. ("Two in her mouth, two in her twat, ten up her butt" — is the boys' fist-bumping credo. Nice.) 

"Also, Ricky's back in town, so we're bringing him with us up to the lake house," Adrian saw fit to mention, as he and Tim buggered off to pack their gear. 

Oh. Finally I understood the "no chicks" diktat. Ricky is my sister's son. He's eighteen and as cute as they make them. All three boys are beautiful but there is something especially delicious about Ricky, I have to admit. He's what gay men venerate as twink — slim, blond, fresh; with elegant features that verge on the feminine. And a really big dick. 

All the girls find Ricky irresistible. My sons do, too. When Ricky is around, Adrian and Tim only want to have sex with with their cousin. So, d'ya think? — having their girlfriends up in the country might "distract" some from fucking Ricky!? 

I must say, the guys were incredibly disciplined about their studies. They worked hard for long, silent hours. They took their study breaks just as seriously — noisily stripping naked and piling onto the king bed in my bedroom. My reward for playing hostess, of a sort (the menfolk had to do all the cooking and cleaning, and the driving from and to the city), was watching my sons and my nephew have sex. 

Such amazing-looking boys, all three of them — lean and well muscled and tan, and those oh-so-cute swim team swimsuit tanlines across their firm, perfectly formed butts. I simply adore tanlines on a guy. Tanlines emphasize the fact of his nudity. 

The boys sucked and fucked and masturbated one another with gusto, and my heart was thumping with the excitement of it all — watching Tim holding Ricky's shaggy blond head as tenderly as Adrian held Ricky's trim white butt. My sons had been edging inside their cousin for ages. This always reminds me of match sprints in pro cycling, the fastest event in bicycle racing: how counterintuitively the race starts, with the cyclists slowly jockeying for position. My sons moaned quietly as they carefully thrust their cocks into their cousin. 

"Oh yeah, oh yeah," Adrian was muttering, massaging Ricky's round lean ass cheeks with his strong hands, gazing in wonder down past the ridges and clefts of his own sunkissed torso to the shaft of his long thick well-lubed prick as he nakedly eased it all the way into Ricky's rectum and then gradually withdrew it — so that Ricky's rim tugged at Adrian's corona, compelling the return of the entire massive tool to the warm depths of Ricky's body. 

Tim was fucking Ricky's mouth with equal composure, holding Ricky's jaw in one hand, idly adjusting the sweaty mass of blond hair on his cousin's forehead with the other. The boys were gazing into each other's eyes — there's always lots of eye contact between Tim and Ricky when they're having sex, I've noticed; less between Ricky and Adrian, or even between Tim and Adrian, now I think of it. It's all the subtleties that fascinate when you add a third, no? 

"No, Mom!" the boys were hollering at me a few weeks back. 

"You can't let one of the girls in unannounced like that," Tim was saying. 

"Or, to be clear, either or both of the girls unannounced like that," Adrian added. 

Yeah, bad me: I'd admitted out-of-breath, rosy-cheeked Chloë, clearly ready to hump a hydrant for horniness and in desperate need of Tim's cock. Which at that moment was in the walk-in glass shower box in my bathroom. Up his brother's butt. 

"We were fucking, Ma!" said Tim. 

"We were fucking," Adrian echoed with, as usual, his own emphasis. 

"Well, what happened?" I asked. 

"Luckily, I'd just finished," said Tim. 

"Yeah, but there I was with a stiffy and a wet butthole," said Adrian. 

"And I had to lather up and get it up again toot sweet for Chloë!" said Tim. 

"Doesn't she have sex with her sister?" 

"Not the point!" said Tim. 

"And with Annie, I do believe, in our hot tub?" 

"Off topic!" said Adrian. "Wait... Do they?" He looked to his brother. Tim gave him a search me, dude shrug. 

"Well I suppose I will just never understand your generation," I said. "Posting videos of yourselves masturbating on the World Wide Web — really!" 

We'd left it at that: Chloë and Annie could lick each other's pussies but couldn't know that Tim and Adrian licked mine and fucked mine, and fucked my butt, and the girls certainly couldn't know that Tim and Adrian licked and fucked each other. As for Cousin Ricky— 

"No fucking way." 

"Forget it!" 

"We are never letting Rick anywhere near those girls!" 

"Why?" I asked. 

"Because," said Adrian. "They'll want to fuck him." 

"And he will want to fuck them," said Tim. 

"And then we'll be jealous," said Adrian. 

I burst out laughing, grateful for their candor, and promising my sons I'd be more careful in future with the street door buzzer. 

Meanwhile, here in the safely distant reaches of the lake country... 

Tim's butt pivoted and swung rhythmically and he tensed the adamantine bands of his soccer player's thighs as he maintained — seemingly with his hands, but really with his cock — the positioning of Ricky's mouth just the way he liked it when he fucked his cousin in the face, as the boys enchantingly describe oral sex. "Dude, I'm horny — fuck you in the face?" "Yeah, dude!" 

I'd been informed that Ricky, over the past several months, had learned how to deep throat "with your same skill and enthusiasm, Mom!" This I doubted, but I credit the lad for taking Not-Tiny Tim all the way in. For the most part, however, Tim went for short stabs to Ricky's tongue, as he does to kitty cat Chloë and as he does to me — unless I invite him deeper. Which I like to do when I'm glancing sidewise at us in my dressing room mirror and I'm holding my son's firm butt and he's holding my head, and I'm getting him to the place where I can slather his nutsack with my tongue and compel its issue directly down my throat. 

Otherwise, normally, it's just the short stabs to the tongue — which is also delicious. To taste as well as to admire in the mirror. Frankly, it always looks like he's dancing — that rhythmic butt pivot — when my son is fucking someone in the face. "What are you talking about, Mom?" Tim says, blushing. "I can't dance. I can't dance like Ricky can dance." 

I really ought to have video'd this — if only to check the time stamps. It meant more to my sons than the important business of drawing out their own considerable pleasure, the way they were edging so determinedly in their cousin's mouth and butt. Because they were also doing it for him: Ricky's gigantic penis was as erect as I think I've ever seen it, the glans purple from straining against open air, precum spilling from the jizz-slit and coating the entire swollen surface. 

Ricky's cockhead was so semen-slick and shiny that I swear I could discern my own agape jaw reflected in it by the light from the floor-to-ceiling windows behind me. Ricky's hands were grasping Tim's thighs. Adrian would reach down to rub and hold Ricky's tummy while he fucked him, Ricky's cock swinging up to bat and bounce against the back of Adrian's hands, leaving dabs and splotches of prejizz on Adrian's knuckles. It spattered the sparse light hairs of Adrian's wrists, clinging to them like early morning dew. 

My sons were penetrating Ricky and propping him up at the same time, in this mise-en-scène of sleek muscle — as pure a natural form as any desert oasis or glacial stream I've ever happened upon: two boys fucking a third, all delighting in the vernal season of life without realizing they're in it, or that it's actually summer already; but who can fault them, they're just boys being boys, doing what boys do, delighting in their bodies, made delirious by their dicks, fucking in sunlight, and all trying really really really hard not to be the first to nut. 

The reason this is Tim's and Ricky's and Adrian's favorite way to have sex together — or that it was (more on that up ahead) — is because it feels so intensely pleasurable to all of them, and also because it plays into the spirit of competition and athleticism that has dominated the boys' every interaction since they were little kids. This is especially true for Ricky. Having a cock up his ass and another down his throat means: 

I can ejaculate without touching myself! 

My nephew's gleeful announcement of this to me was identical to the time, years earlier, when he came running in from the pool to brag that he could outlap his cousins "and I can hold my breath longer than Ade and Timmy, too!" 

And then— there it was! 

I think Tim may have felt it — the sensation of his bare feet becoming suddenly drenched, as if by a warm summer rain — before my mind could explain to me what my eyes saw: Ricky's cock lurching and squirting, spurting and spitting-out more jism than five normal men at your run-of-the-mill Friday night neighborhood wank off, with your tummy and tits for their target. 

Feeling the cloudburst of Ricky's jizz soaking his feet was too much for Tim. He'd been increasing the speed of his thrusts — as had Adrian — which is probably what triggered Ricky's orgasm, although who ever knows when you've got more than one cock in you? "It is not the one thing," as the sheriff says in No Country for Old Men. 

Now Tim was slowing it down again, his thrusting, which I knew meant that he was already shooting his abundant seed down his cousin's throat. His older brother's expression was also fixed in that I'm cummmming! rictus. Adrian had all but stopped thrusting — it was more like a nudge, what he had going with Ricky's butthole. Now he just stood there, mesmerized, groaning, staring down at Ricky's ass in his hands and his cock spurting into that same ass. I could actually see the root of my son's penis twitching, pulsing, throbbing, as he pumped cum deep into his cousin's slender body. 

Finally and at last all fully fucked-out, the boys collapsed in a mass of sweaty, semen-sticky golden limbs across the surface of my bed. I continued to watch them in wonder. The only sound our breathing. 

... 

It was Ricky who proposed DP, on the afternoon of the second day, while he basked against a great pile of pillows on my bed, hands clasped casually behind his head, Adrian sucking his cock, Tim sucking Adrian's. My sons looked up at their cousin quizzically. 

"Whhhat?" Ricky exclaimed. "You prize pair of stud donkeys don't know for DP?" 

"We know what double penetration is, fuckwit," said Adrian, slathering his tongue along Ricky's long pink perfect shaft. "We do it with Mom." 

This was true. I don't know why I was blushing. "He means himself, honey," I offered from the sidelines: the bedside chair, where I sat naked, jilling my poor tingling quim, edging myself beyond all human capacity for such sweet torment, it seemed to me — but it's not every day that a frieze from the fifth century BC comes to life in a forty-two-year-old damsel's own bedroom. You want to make it last when it does. (Even when you're on Day Two of the phenomenon.) 

My sons were looking terribly befuddled. I was biting my lip, struggling not to laugh. 

Finally Tim said: "You want Ade and me to fuck your ass, Rick, both at the same time?" 

"Can you at least say it like you mean it?" Ricky replied. "Do you fairies never watch any gay porn?" 

"Actually, no," Tim muttered, seemingly embarrassed — as if he'd been called-on unexpectedly in class, and a month behind on the reading. He was contemplating his brother's hard wet cock in his hand — it glinted in the bright southern sunlight with a mix of Adrian's precum and his own saliva — and then, abruptly, Tim said to Ricky: "Wait a minute— do you?" 

"Well..." 

"Seriously, dude, do you?" Adrian chimed in, slathering his tongue along the crest of Ricky's glans. He drew a tendril of clear precum from his cousin's jizz-slit with the tip of his tongue. It hung, shimmering, in the air, as Ricky squirmed, red-faced, working hard not to nut. 

"All right!" Ricky exhaled. "So I don't watch a lot of gay porn—" 

"Or any," Adrian chortled. 

"—but at least I know about DP. New news to you two virgins." 

"Hey, who took your snow-white butt, Rick?" said Tim. (It had been Tim.) 

"I watch gay porn, Ricky," I offered. "Quite a lot of it, actually." 

"Tell 'em, Auntie." 

"Yes, boys," I explained. "You can indeed both fuck Ricky's ass at the same time. Just use plenty of lube and be gentle — at least at first." 

The boys were really excited to try out this new form of "unstraight sex," or "bent bonking," or "away home game," as they jokingly refer to their intrafamily homoerotics. 

Tim lay on his back and Ricky lubed Tim's big hard cock. Then Ricky handed the lube to Adrian, who slathered his own stiff dick and Ricky's butthole. Ricky squatted and began easing himself onto Tim's cock. Adrian, kneeling behind them — his own huge erection wobbling and bobbing and rather getting in the way — very sweetly held Ricky's slim hip with one hand and boyish butt cheek with the other, steadying his cousin as his younger brother opened Ricky's modest pink pucker with his mighty purple plumb. 



"Think of it as an Everest expedition that starts at the summit," the boys enjoyed cracking wise about impaling themselves upon one another's long thick dicks. 

As they always do when one boy penetrates another, Tim and Ricky groaned with pleasure. They touched foreheads — the nearest these "bros who ass-fuck and cock-suck bros" ever get to kissing, which I think is too bad. Ricky's enormous penis was standing up very hard and rigid, as he glanced back to see what was keeping Adrian. 

"Now, how do I..." Adrian was looking puzzled. The connection between Tim's cock and Ricky's ass had formed a perfect seal. 

"I dunno," Ricky gasped. "Work it in there, dude." 

"Hmmmmmm," said Adrian, genuinely perplexed, but aching to figure it out and get in on the action. 

"What's keeping you, fag?" Tim said, raising his head, trying to peer around Ricky at his older brother. 

"I'm just not sure there's any... room left..." 

I cleared my throat. 

"Oh, hi Mom!" Adrian exclaimed, brightly — fixing his eyes, with a look of relief, on my sopping pussy. I could see that my son had instantly reversed his pole's magnetic flow to the Mom Option, though that had not been my intent in summoning the boys' attention. It flatters me no end, their hunger for having sex with me, but my own thoughts had been decidedly elsewhere over the past twenty-four hours. Their cousin always adds another supernal element to my sons' amazing ass play, and my hard-earned sexual instinct told me I'd profit more as an observer than a participant this weekend. 

I'd come in from my run to find the boys naked and fellating each other on my bed. I'd taken off all my clothes so that I might masturbate properly. In no time my cunny had become what I call cracking-wet, because I'd been forcing myself to cool it whenever I heard that distinctive crack! crack! crack! as my fingers swirled my vulvar vestibule, rising and falling from my puffed-up labia like a gang of roller derby girls. Whenever I watch my boys having sex I don't want to cum too soon, so I'd been looking for an opportunity to focus on the needs of someone else's orgasm, and here it was. 

"As I seem to be the only expert in the room, based on my pornography viewing habits," I said, rising from the bedside chair, "I have a suggestion." I joined the tumid trio on my bed, savoring the heat coming off their hard bodies, the chlorinous tang of youthful precum. Immediately, Ricky grabbed my jugs and drew a teat into his mouth, sucking hard on it. 

"Do you want to — unnh! — get DP'd or do you not, young man?" (I was taking deep breaths in short bursts...) 

Mumbled: "I very much do, Auntie." 

"Then let me help you. Aaah! No distractions, lovely as that feels." (I thought the scamp might actually make me squirt!) 

With a loud wet ¡POP!: "Sorry, Ma'am." 

"Something for later, if you wish." (Forcibly removing my nipple from my nephew's mouth...) 

"I do wish." 

"That's better." (My inner thighs were slick and streaming with cunny juice, and a big transparent pendant of the stuff dangled from the very center of what my third ex-husband still likes to call La Source de la Loue...) 

I steadied myself with a hand on Ricky's golden-brown shoulder, determined to address the task at hand. Leaning in for a closer look at this puzzle of fundamental physics — How DOES one go about getting two cocks up the same butthole? — I saw that the problem was a matter of the angle and depth of approach. 

"Tim, love," I said to my younger son, "at present, you have too much cock up your cousin's ass." 
