 Once nightfall came, Vince and Diante' lay in bed, side by side still passed out, Jared at the foot. The two of them had enjoyed talking among other things while revealing truths about each other's orientation. 

Vince woke up first, needing to go to the bathroom. He slid of the bed, stumbling towards the door before relieving himself of the excess liquor. While there, he thought about the night that had transpired between him and Diante'. How would all of this work? Would they have to keep quiet about it or could they trust Jared not to get mad or tell all their friends?

Once he finished, he strolled back over to the mattress, staring at his two friends lying there, wondering if they should talk about what happened or not. He was closer with Diante' but was weary about keeping everything from Jared. They were still friends, even if he didn't except Vince's curiosity. 

Diante' hadn't chatted about anything the night prior. Vince was eager to discuss it since he discovered his feelings did run deeper for his best pal. 

Sighing, he sat on the bed, wondering whether he should wake him right now. The time was after nine but he didn't want Diante' to go back home. Vince guessed that Diante's father may be waiting to hurt Diante' some more and that, he just was not able to deal with. Besides, they needed to get this conversation about what had occurred out in the open. 

How would they tell Jared? Would they tell him at all? Where would they go from here? Vince wanted them to continue but in secret. He refused to believe that he was a complete faggot. He still liked girls but he had curiosities about boys just like any other adolescent. Although he'd never felt any attraction to anyone but Diante' and maybe Jared, he knew the older one wanted nothing to do with him in that manner.

"Diante'." Lightly, he shook him. He felt they should talk this out before Jared decided to wake up. Not to mention, he couldn't go back to sleep. He wanted to enjoy more alone time with Diante' after they'd discussed the current situation. 

* * * * *

Diante' rubbed his eyes with one hand while wiping the saliva from his mouth. Vince rubbed his head lightly while looking into his light brown orbs. "Mi amigo..." Diante' smiled at Vince. 

Vince returned the grin. "More than, mi amigo..." He leaned forward, hugging Diante's neck.

The shorter Diante' pulled away. "What?" He was shocked by Vince's admission. "Look, Vince, you don't have to do this. I don't need your mercy..."

"Shut up, will ya'? This is not a something I'm doing because I pity you, okay? I want you, fool."

Diante's eyes bulged. "Vince, really?"

"Yeah, but...don't get all excited. I still like pussy but...I am curious. I don't think I'm one hundred percent gay because I'm only really attracted to you and erm..."

Diante grinned, taking Vince's hand into his. "Who, my amigo?"

Vince sighed, "That germ down there at the foot of the bed but don't tell 'em or I'll kick your ass myself."

Diante' put his freehand up. "Got it!" 

Vince continued to allow the smaller Diante' to grasp his palm. He turned his mean expression back into a smile. "I care for you, Diante'. I want you to help me find myself, man. My true self; to see what I really am."

Diante' looked away then back at his friend. He began to recall all the times they had talked about things, one on one without Jared. No one knew him better than Vince, not even his own parents. 

However, Vince was asking to help him find himself. How would Diante' do this? Could they explore together in secret? Is that what Vince wanted? He had to find out. 

As they continued to stare at one another, they were startled by the gruff voice of their friend. "What the fuck are you two doing?!"

* * * * *

Jared couldn't believe his eyes. His two best friends, that close to each other. He knew Diante' was gay but not Vince. "What the hell man, no secrets between us right?" 

Both of them stared at him with worried expressions. Vince opened his mouth first. "Listen Jared, I have curiosities too. I..."

"Okay, okay, but did you tell me about this? And Diante', you didn't even tell me you were a fag."

Diante' shook his head. "Look man, I didn't know how you'd react!"

"Fuck that! I am friends with the both of you, okay. You're like my brothers. I'm not gonna say shit! I love the two of you, I will protect both of you and I will not have any more of these fuckin' secrets between us, got it?"

Both nodded in his direction. He got out of the bed, staring at the two of them in disgust, not believing that they kept their preferences away from him. Jared believed in all for one and one for all. The three musketeers. How could he trust them if they did not trust him back?

"Look, I'm gonna leave now. Why don't you two finish whatever the hell you were doin' and come out to talk to me. I need to get some water anyway." 

Jared stumbled in the other direction away from Vince and Diante' into the next room. His head pounding, his stomach was in knots. It was quite a shock to see his two friends in an embrace but he accepted it as part of development. Jared was no homophobe. He loved the both of them as he said, like brothers. He'd protect the two of them if he needed to, especially since he himself had the same feelings for his two buddies.