 Jared shuddered, looking into the wild eyes of Vince who looked at him with shock. "What the fuck! You couldn't do that in your own room and who the hell told ya' to come in here!"

Jared only shook his head, trying to gather his thoughts on what to say. "Sorry, I...damn, man..." He ran out the room, still not able to tell Vince what was going on with him. He plopped on the couch, with his face in his hands. The reaction from Vince was why he didn't tell them what was going on with him. 

"Damn...fuck..." Jared punched the cushions of the sofa. As he began to cry, he felt a hand on his shoulder. 

"Look, I'm sorry, I...I shouldn't have went off like that, dude. I didn't think you were into us like that," Vince apologized. "It just surprised me that you were over us, man..."

"I know...I..." Jared sniffed. "I got curiosities, too, dude. Just because I'm a year older than you two fucks, don't mean I don't wonder, ya' know..." he wiped his nose. "I mean, I know I ain't gay. I only like seeing the two of you cause' you're my buddies ya' know." 

Vince came around the couch, sitting next to him. Jared watched, licking his lips, seeing Vince only wearing his boxers. "Hey, you don't hafta explain. Diante' just cursed me out for that shit, too. No worries. Anytime you wanna watch us, it's cool. Just let a fucka know..."

Jared laughed, "Yeah, I guess I should've..."

"Why didn't you tell us that you felt that way, man? You had a fuckin' conniption when we didn't tell you. Why hold out on us?"

Jared shook his head. "I dunno, man. Stupidity, pride, whateva! I just..."

"You just like us, and besides, what's wrong with being gay?"

Jared rubbed his nose, looking at Vince strangely. "What'cha mean, man? You can't be out these days, especially around here. Fucka's will be ready to kill yo' ass sayin' shit like that!"

Vince nodded, "I know but damn, you act like YOU have a problem with it. I mean, I know what you said to Diante' but, you keep sayin, I ain't, I'm not..."

"Cause I'm not!" He got up from the sofa. "Don't start that with me, Vince. You was havin' the same damn problem admitting it."

"Yeah, but the right word is, was. I just realized somethin' friend, For the first time in my life I actually LOVE someone. I ain't never loved any girl the way I love Diante'."

"Seriously?" Jared looked at Vince, raising an eyebrow. "You whipped, dude?"

"Yep! Girls don't even phase me anymore, man. Diante' is all I need."

"What!" Jared laughed, not believing what he was hearing. He folded his arms, clearing his throat. The erection between his legs softened. "So you're sayin' that you don't even wanna feel a girl's boobs anymore? The tight feel of pussy around your cock! C'mon man...I think I need to get you a girl and fast!"

"I don't want one! I told ya', I got Diante'. I love him with all my heart, man. I'm committed through and through."

Jared sighed, smiling. "Damn the sex was that good, huh? Tell me about it..." he went to the recliner, propping his feet up on the table. "Was his ass that snug?"

"Yes, it was just that tight, man but..." he hesitated. 

"But what, my friend. You just said some pretty gnarly stuff. Don't hold back now!"

"Um, we didn't get that far, Jared. It was too painful for him so we stopped but afterwards, wow...heh," he chuckled. "He gave me the best blow of my life. It was amazing!"

Jared eyes bulged. "You mean to tell me, you're givin' up women just on the premise of a blowjob?"

"And some hot stuff that went along with it, man. Diante' is my boyfriend. I can't wait to get inside..."

"I mean, dude. He was that good at everything else that you're givin' the finger to fuckin' girls?" Jared sat up in the chair.

"I am..." Vince said proudly. "I am happy to be gay!"

Jared looked stunned at his friend and his admission. He was saying that he was homosexual. This he had no issue with but he wondered if Vince was only saying this for Diante's benefit. He knew Diante' needed love with all the crap he'd been through but, he wondered if Vince was doing this as sort of a mercy thing. "Look man. Are you doin' this because you feel sorry for Diante' or..."

"What!" Out of nowhere was Diante's voice as he stepped from the bedroom. "I don't need no mercy fuck's Jared. Vince told me he loves me and he means it. How could you say such a thing?" He sat next to Vince taking his hand. "Besides, again, the question should be on you, Jared! Why were you above us jackin' off, dude. You like seein' us naked? I ain't no exhibitionist..."

Jared leaned back. "I just told Vince I got my curiosities, okay? I only like you two. No one else. I don't have any attraction to anyone other than you two and it may be cause we're so close."

"What would be so wrong if it were more than that, amigo?" Diante' retorted.

"Nothing," Jared answered. "Just not for me. I like pussy and fuckin' it way too much to be gay!" He got up from the Lazyboy, walking towards his room. "I'm glad you two are so into each other, ya' know. It will fulfill my gay fantasies just to watch the two of you go at it..." he chuckled, going in, shutting the door by leaning against it. 

He kicked the door, hard. "Maybe someday I'll join in..."

*****

Diante' and Vince both let out sighs, looking at one another. Diante' kissed the back of Vince's hand. "That was wonderful what you said, Vince. I swear, I feel the same, mi amor. We have to wait before we start walkin' out holding hands and stuff though..."

Vince pulled Diante' into him. "Why should we, huh? I mean, just because some other fuck's don't like the fact we're gay?"

"Yes, and as Jared just said they'll want to fuck us up, baby. We live in the wrong hood to be pullin' this shit! Wait till we make enough to move to Frisco," he chuckled. 

Vince shook his head. "No. I don't wanna. Someone come my way with some shit, I'm gonna beat their ass. I love you, Diante'." He stroked Diante's chin. "I want everyone to know it too!"

Diante' met his gaze. "Te amo, my amor but..."

Vince placed his finger over Diante's mouth. "Shhh...escucha, bebe! I love you, and nothing is more important to me than you. I don't care what anyone else thinks or says anymore, Diante'. If you're not quite ready for it, I understand but, I just want you to know, I am."

*****

Diante' couldn't believe what he'd heard from Vince. He was saying how much loved him, how he wanted to be committed to him and come out. As much as Diante' loved that, he was too scared. He couldn't fight despite the fact Vince had taught him a few moves. 

Still, it excited him that Vince truly was into him and not because he'd felt sorry. He had his doubts but the admission to Jared as well as what he'd just confessed, made him sure that Vince was being honest about his feelings and that it wasn't just about sex. 

Diante' had someone in his life that made him feel special. That in itself made him happy. 

*****

Three weeks after they'd graduated, the three boys were busy working, trying to make enough to save for a bigger apartment. Not because they needed more bedrooms but they wanted to move to a slightly better neighborhood. They'd been thinking about some place in San Diego since Jared's girlfriend offered to help them. Although it was not a gay friendly as Frisco, it was a lot better than where they were.

Diante' began to register for college so he could be a social worker. He wanted to help abused teens and eventually open his own center much later after he'd become established. Due to his mom and dad's pending divorce, only his mom was willing to help. His dad refused, saying he wouldn't give his faggot son any money. This didn't bother Diante'. He promised his mom he would work and help pay the way along with her assistance. His grades were good enough for scholarships too, so thankfully he wouldn't have to take out any student loans. 

The relationship between Vince and Diante' continued to flourish, with Diante' finally being able to handle Vince's endowment thanks to the dildo Jared had purchased at a sex tradeshow he attended. He gladly gave it to them, telling them that they should practice in front of him sometime to which both said, hell no. They thought Jared was only kidding but he wasn't. Still, they didn't want the audience. Seemingly, Jared started to accept that he might have more than just a curiosity which didn't alarm him. 

He finally turned eighteen and right afterwards, he went to have pictures done with Tessa who promptly fucked his brains out as she promised, leaving the young man breathless for the first time. However, even with all that attention, his only thoughts were on Vince and Diante'. The sight of them in bed, kissing, making out, ruled his thoughts. He watched them without their knowledge after his birthday party ended. The couple was on the couch, fully clothed until they retreated to their bedroom, leaving the older man there with a hard dick in his hand. Nothing ever deterred him from enjoying the pleasures of a good fuck until now. He had to find out if it was more than just an empty desire.

After coming back from Tessa's place, he plopped on the couch, leaning his head against the cushions. Vince and Diante' already knew about his curiosities but they hadn't discussed it since that day. Now, it may be the right time to bring it back up. They were friends after all.