 Times had been tough since the family breakup and my mother did what she had to do to make ends meet. She spoke of how some of her dates were "professional" and since it was evident that she liked sex and needed money, then so what? At least she was discreet. 

Early in life, she had been a runaway and a prostitute, so prostitution was by no means a new thing. Then, she married a smooth-talker who, like so many men, was a philanderer but, unlike many, not a good enough one to get away with it. After his departure, Jenna had returned to using her abundant sexuality to augment her meager income. 

Brynn knew his mother's struggles and he believed that his own queer sexuality along with a twink-like appearance and an effeminate nature were probably less acceptable in society than a mother who sometimes sold her body.

He liked that she had an active social life because that left plenty of time for him to do what he loved most--sucking cock. There were good places for that like Placer Park or on campus where horny 20-something guys hunted for cocksuckers. When Jenna went out on dates, Brynn went out cock-hunting. While she was getting layed, Brynn was getting mouthfucked. He knew what she did. He hoped like hell she never figured out what he did.

He knew most of her "dates" because they usually picked her up at home. It wasn't long before he could tell which dates were "professional" and which were "romantic" because the professional ones seemed short on chick magnetism and many of the others were married. 

Did it bother him that some of his mother's dates were married? No, because it didn't bother him that two of his own were also. Males were horny. They had to fuck. They decided for themselves the matters of adultery. As for Brynn, those matters were neither his fault nor his concern. 

One thing he knew about his mother was that she was not a cocksucker. Many times she had referred to the subject with twisted expressions. She spoke of cocksucking often enough that he wondered if she was trying to coax from him an admission that he was into that sort of thing. 

Jenna was popular and dated many men but it was one man that she favored more than the others. His name was Sigmund, or Sig, and she thought of him as her "Friday night boyfriend". Although he paid to have sex with her, she thought of it more as friends helping friends.

She liked that he was entertaining, worldly, horny, lascivious, funny, harmless, owner of several local companies, and that he always had a new Lincoln. He was in his 60's which perhaps made him seem more fatherly or caring, unlike her natural father who was none of those things.

Their Friday dates consisted of drinking and dining at The Savoy, then going to a second home that Sig kept for the convenience of sexual liaisons. After more drinking, bawdy jokes and, of course, fucking, Jenna sometimes returned home at 2a.m.; sometimes not at all. Either way, Friday's became Brynn's favorite day. 

But, on the Friday before Labor Day, Jenna and Sig insisted that Brynn join them at the Savoy, "just to be together for part of the holiday." Brynn resisted but Sig sent his daughter to pick him up. Sandi was a pistol of a girl. Twenty-two, wiry, sassy-cut blond hair. She talked fast, smoked faster, and said "fuck" every chance she could, even when the word didn't fit the sentence. She drove a new Mustang and sucked beer from a can that must have been warm since it had been snugged between her thighs while driving. 

She dropped Brynn off at The Savoy and he joined his mother and Sig. After dinner, at Sig's second residence, Brynn found himself in a comfortable chair across from the older man while his mother was sprawled to his left on a sofa and was sipping from a long-stemmed wine glass. He entertained himself with games on his cell phone and laughed at Sig's ribald jokes. The older man not only wore a wedding ring, but he seemed to have no problem with family photos that looked down on a room that had seen it's share of lurid debauchery.

In time, Jenna's words began to slur and then she passed out. Sig sighed. "Here we go again." He made small talk while once in a while shaking his head at Jenna's demise. Beautiful girl," Sig said. "But hell, beauty doesn't amount to much when she's wasted." He spoke of his businesses and being away for several days and being horny. He asked about Brynn's social life and studies and added a few salacious jokes and Brynn figured him to be farm more horny than harmful. 

Then, the man made a remarkable statement. "You know Brynn, your mother thinks you might be a little fluffy."

Anxiety tingled the boy's spine. 

"Don't worry. I'm not here to 'out' you. To be honest, I have a couple of cocksuckers on the side. You mother doesn't suck and sometimes, just gotta feel a warm, wet mouth."

Brynn glanced at his mother.

"Don't worry. She's out. She'll never know." After a pause, Sig continued, "Ah, I get it. You don't want to admit with her here, even if she's passed out." He stood and went to Jenna carried her down a hallway to a door and lay her on a bed in a studio apartment. He left a twenty dollar bill with a note saying "cab fare". He locked the door behind them and led Brynn back to the comfortable chairs.

"Damn, I look forward to . . . you know . . . 'seeing' her . . . Too bad because I know she needs that fifty-bucks. She could still wind up with it, I mean, you know, depending on how things go."

Brynn fidgeted. He found it hard to admit to cocksucking and besides wasn't talking about sexual things with his mother's boyfriend somewhat wrong? Like some kind of adultery? If his mother called this man "the closest thing to a boyfriend", then didn't that make it cheating? 

Sig came toward him. Brynn felt the tall man's big hands hands on his head and then the man's covered crotch against the side of his face. Brynn was frozen by surprise but also by anticipation. 

"Yeah Brynn. I know what you like. Like I said, I got cocksuckers on the side. Hell, a man needs sex. Just like your mama needs fifty bucks. You and me could have some fun and she can still come away with that money. A man like me . . . ahhhh yeah Brynn . . . man like me has needs . . . Yeah . . ," he crooned "We need it, Brynn. We need it." 

After a prolonged pause he continued. "Maybe your mama doesn't suck, but I'll bet you do. Bet you're good at it. Bet your mouth would feel good as pussy right about now. Maybe better. Hell yeah, maybe better." 

Like falling bricks, it struck Brynn. Better! A better fuck than his own mother! A better whore. A better "girlfriend". Maybe Sig would want to fuck him more than he wanted to fuck her. Damn! How hot would thyat be? Spikes of lust pinged him. Better pussy . . . than his own mother! 

He wasn't out to steal his mother's boyfriend; just prove that his throat was a better pussy—-and more available as well. 

He turned and buried his face in the man's crotch. Yesssss! He would suck and he would give deep throat. A better pussy. A better whore. Those very thoughts sent sexual electricity throughout his entire being.

"Ahhhh,, so you want that fifty bucks, do you?" Sig laughed. 

Brynn's queer head continued to spin with machinations. Imagine—- The ultimate--getting his mother's boyfriend to ejaculate inside of him instead of her. Wouldn't that be the best? He would get the sperm that was suppose to go into his mother! He loved his mother but the thought that her boyfriend would deposit his seed in his queer throat instead of her sent spirals of lust through him. Yes! Having Sig cum in him might be the ultimate violation, but it would also be the ultimate validation.

"Yeah baby, I knew you wanted it. Mmmmm, you take care of me, my cock takes care of your Friday night, and your mama gets her money. Everyone wins." He pushed his crotch in harder and continued his slow and lewd movements.

"She already suspects you're a cocksucker."

Shivers of fear ran through Brynn.

"That night she felt sick and I brought her home early . . . Remember? Then, when you got there, your hair was mussed up and your eyes all dazed. Gave her suspicions." He continued to grind his hips. "You ever suck a man my age?"

Brynn's head turned in a "no" response but inside, the man's slow and passionate movements had already seduced him.

He pulled Brynn up and led them to a back bedroom. Once inside, he locked the door and urged Brynn to his knees again. He stepped close, unzipped, and pulled out a seven-plus inch cock that was mostly hard and thicker than most. 

Having a cock in front of his face made Brynn eager to suck and sucking made him eager to be mouthfucked. His mouth watered more than usual. What surprised him was the hardness of the man's erection. Brynn had imagined that older men didn't get that hard, but Sig's cock had and Brynn's mouth was very wet. 

"Suck, Brynn. Take it in that pretty mouth and suck it."

Brynn did just that and Sig's eyes closed and his hips moved slowly. Mirrors lined the wall to Brynn's right and he could see the obscene and vulgar stance of the older man as he slowly pushed his hips and groaned with every slow thrust. His mouth melded to the older man's cock and Brynn shivered with lust.

"Ahhhhh yeah cocksucker!" the man cooed. 

Brynn sucked Sig's cock to his throat and pushed forward until it was clear that he was trying to throat the older man's erection. Sig sighed, "Yeahhh, good boy!" His hands went to the boy's head and he pushed his hips and pulled the cocksucker's head a few times until his hard cock began to penetrate Brynn's soft wet throat and he eased his prick all the way in to his balls and groaned. 

He began to slowly fuck, going fully into the cocksucker's throat and then back up and then slowly back down and then slowly back up. He held the boy's head tighter and his movements increased and within minutes, they were engaging in something that Brynn realized was more than mouthfucking. It wasn't like those horny younger guys just humping him for a couple of minutes, which he loved, but it seemed far more intimate. Like they were joined. Yes--joined--like connected to one another--sexually.

Sig fucked him for nearly a half hour while stopping at times to keep from cumming. And Brynn watched in the mirror and reveled in the reflection of that lusty older old man practically bent over him while slow-humping his head. 

In time, Sig's breathing went faster and his cock felt harder and it was apparent that the man was approaching orgasm. Brynn's arms went around his panting lover and pulled his body in closer and the boy hummed with wanton lust. He wanted Sig to cum in him; deep in him. Without Sig's semen, none of their mating mattered. Then, just then, Sig rammed his cock deep in the boy's throat and began pumping his warm and thick jism deep inside while Brynn clung to his new lover and they achieved the mystical bond of adulterous oral insemination. 

Brynn received it. All of it. Gladly. Each spurt became material evidence that he was a true replacement whore and that he could satisfy his mother's boyfriend just as good as she. 

And just the thought of it--Sig pumping jizz into him instead of his mother--had him quivering from the intensity of the exchange. The man pushed in even more and finished ejaculating while Brynn held still and whimpered. It was the hottest thing he could imagine; receiving semen inside of him that should have been deposited inside his mother. He wasn't out to cause his mother grief, but the chance to get her boyfriend's sperm instead of her had been just too much temptation. 

As quickly as sexual elation had come, it also vanished in a wave of sudden and severe remorse. What had he just done? He loved his mother yet he had just had sex with her boyfriend! He had just taken Sig's sperm and--and there was no way to reverse it. How could he have done such a thing? He didn't hate himself, but he was suddenly a long way from loving himself.

Sig fell back to the bed and lay with his feet still on the floor. Brynn leaned against the wall with his eyes closed and his head filled with crazy conflicts. He loved that he had just been fucked in the mouth and he loved the thick jizz that oozed down inside of him. He loved that he had been a good whore but that was also the part of what he hated, that strong guilt that emanated from the knowledge of his traitorous act. 

After several minutes, Sig urged the boy to come to him and begin sucking on his cock once again. "Come on, Brynn. Come suck my dick. You love sucking. I need sucking. Come on boy." He propped himself on one elbow and said, "Come on boy. You want your mama to have that fifty bucks, don't you?"

Brynn was helpless to his own queerdom; helpless to the compulsion to satisfy horny males. Captive to the thought that if he didn't do it twice like his mother did, then he was only half the whore that she was and he would never live with that! 

He moved slowly to the taller man and began sucking. Like a flash another light of new realization set in and with it came the thought: If sucking Sig's cock made fifty bucks for his mother, didn't that mean that Brynn was prostituting his mouth? If so then it meant that he . . . he was a prostitute! He hadn't even realized it before. A prostitute. He loved the sound of that. Would men pay to have sex in his mouth? Even if they only offered $5, it would be prostitution and it would show how horny men were and there was sexual value in Brynn's mouth. 

He flashed his tongue and sucked slowly and softly on the man's hard dick. Sig's hips moved in response and he moaned and touched Brynn's head and encouraged him by thrusting his hips slowly at the boy's face. He called Brynn a good cocksucker with a good mouth and Brynn felt warm appreciation from the older man, something he had never experienced with his long-departed father.

After several minutes, the man pushed him away. "Get on the bed!"

Brynn responded with, "Huh?" and wondered if Sig was thinking of anal sex which would be the end of an otherwise nice night of sex. 

Sig responded, "On your back."

"On your back" didn't seem consistent with "up your butt" so Brynn did as the man ordered. "Your head in the middle of the bed. Yeah, right where your mama's pussy is 'spose to be on Friday nights." Sig stretched over the top of the cocksucker as if in a 69 position and he put his revived hard-on into Brynn's waiting mouth.

The boy gasped from sheer excitement that came with every hard cock that spread its way down into Brynn's throat. It just felt so damned good having that big, hard cock easing down into the softness of his cunt-throat. Then, he felt the vibrations of internal orgasm--not genital, but internal. Sig was on top of him like how he got on top of his mother. His stiff prick was going into Brynn's throat just like Sig penetrated his mother. And Brynn was laying where his mother lay before him. He was about to find out what it was like to lay under Sig like his mother did and be his whore like his mother was. The excitement was almost too much and he quaked with more internal orgasms.

The man began to fuck. It was a slow fuck at first, barely moving. Brynn saw Sig's crotch above him and he watched the older man's cock going in and out and he felt the velvet and sticky tackiness of the man's balls as they came down to cover his face then rose as he pulled back for another slow thrust. 

Brynn had been fucked in the mouth hundreds of times, but never like this! It was beyond anything he had imagined. Laying under a man. Laying with him as a woman. Guttural hums of lust and girlish whimpers arose in his cockfilled throat. Brynn's hands softly caressed the man's thighs like those of a lover.

After nearly twenty minutes, Sig began screwing with rhythmic persistence; strokes of passion, deep and meaningful. This man was on top of him and inside of him. They were . . . they were . . . having sex. Deep sex. Connected. United. Hooked up to each other. Deep sexual union. Brynn wrapped his arms around the man's lower back, entwining the two of them together until they were tightly braided in a deep and intimate and perverse sexual union. 

A few minutes later, the pace and urgency of Sig's fucking became quicker and soon, he was humping and there was a flap-flap-flap sound similar to what is heard in the normal mating of a man to a woman.

And after another few minutes, Sig was moaning and saying he was going to cum and how he was going to ejaculate in Brynn's whore-throat and Brynn moaned in agreement and they clung to each other and they mated together and . . . the flapping sounds came quicker and ... 

Sig drove his rock-hard cock deep into Brynn and he spasmed and his hips jerked and Brynn saw the man's balls quake and felt his shaft twitch and he felt the 60-something year old man ejaculating in him; cumming inside of him; inseminating him; consummating their abnormal and passionate mating.

And all the while, Brynn's existence was in constant vibrations of internal orgasms, greater than anything he had known, and enough to cause his mind to lose touch with his surroundings. All that existed was the bond of their sexual union and Sig's rock-hard erection planting the seeds of his lust deep in the throat of a smooth, twink cocksucker.

When it was over, Sig didn't pull out, not right away. His body went limp but his penis was not quick to follow. He lay on top and his cock surged occasionally and Brynn lay under the bigger man, happy to bask in the serene aftermath of their wanton carnality.

He wondered if it was fornication or adultery. Sig was married which made it adultery but Brynn and Jenna were not so did that make it fornication? As he lay under his mother's boyfriend, he determined it was both. Either way, it was betrayal yet that was the one thing Brynn couldn't care about less.

They lay in the calm pool of consummation for several minutes while Sig said how good of a fuck it had been and how pussy-like Brynn's throat was. Slowly, the cumbersome older man pried himself from Brynn and he withdrew his spent penis from the boy's mouth and sat on the bed, leaning against the headboard. "Helluva good fuck, Brynn. Helluva good fuck."

They talked for quite some time before Sig called Sandi to drive Brynn home. He said, "Your mother won't know. She won't be there til morning." Sandi arrived and before Brynn left, Sig said, "Next week, Brynn. Tuesday."

Brynn could barely conceal his excitement. Sig wanted to fuck him again! 

Sandi seemed high on something and, while Brynn was not in the habit of looking between girls' legs, he noticed there was no can of beer between Sandi's legs. She talked more than usual and before long she said, "Bet you're a cocksucker, aren't you? That's why daddy likes you. Femmie-boi. Daddy likes those kind of cocksuckers. He's so horny."

Brynn couldn't respond.

"You don't have to admit it," she continued. "I know. I know because I know my fucking father. You don't have to hide it. I'm not going to tell anyone. I'm just glad my daddy gets to fuck. Besides, I don't know no one that you know so who am I going to fucking tell? Yeah, my daddy fucked you. I can tell. All I can say is he's always horny and he's a good guy so he deserves it."

Brynn met with Sig the following Tuesday and every Tuesday thereafter. Then the older man added Thursdays and said, "It's better for me because if your mama passes out on Friday's it don't matter so much 'cuz I already fucked you."

Brynn lavished in the fact that he was more of a whore for Sig than anyone. He was taking more semen from that man than anyone, including his mother who only fucked Sig twice, at the most, on Fridays. Yet, Sig was fucking Brynn's mouth six to seven times a week. He had no intention of stealing his mother's boyfriend, but he had every intention of stealing as much of her boyfriend's semen as he could.
