 PART 1 : The Trip Begins

This is a story for all you white guys who have a love for that long, thick dark meat. It's true what they say you know. Once you go black, you can't go back! It's the powerful way they dominate you when they fuck you, and to me they just have an exotic smell. There really is a difference between white and black men. I don't mean that in a bad way, it's just a fact!

Ever since my younger days, I've preferred them. Don't get me wrong, I won't turn down any hot guy, because I am a cock and ass whore. But I really love those black guys, and my fantasies are filled with them. This is the tale of one of them in particular, and it is a long tale, so I may have to break it into parts. Also, this is a true story, so I can't give you his real name, but I will tell you, that his street name is Miami.

So sit back, get comfortable. Pull out your cock and enjoy, as I tell the ongoing tale of Miami, his brother, cousin, and many thug friends!

At one point in my life, I was a heavy drinker, though thankfully I don't drink now. I'm gay, but was locked in my second marriage, drinking heavily, and trying to deny the feelings of deep lust that constantly filled my mind. I was unhappy, my wife was unhappy, an inevitably, the marriage failed. Thankfully, it wasn't an ugly split.

I moved back to my home stomping grounds, and because of child support and such, moved back into my childhood home with my parents. I didn't feel cramped, because they knew I was an adult, so I came and went as I pleased, and did pretty much what I wanted to do. I'd decided though, that I was through with women, I only wanted men, and I began to act on my long buried gay feelings. So I began a long, steamy, alcohol and drug induced trip to "Miami".

I lived in a rural area, so the only gay spot I knew of was 65 miles away, and began going to the club every weekend. I'd been there once before when I was married, and wound up in a motel room with 3 other white guys. It was the only time I let myself slip and be unfaithful to my wife, and wound up taking 3 cocks up my ass, and fucking 2 nice asses myself. This could be a hot story in itself, but let's not get sidetracked.

I was in my early 30's, and not too bad to look at, so I always managed to get lucky at the club. Every weekend, I hooked up with someone, and we'd spend hot nights at his place, or in motel rooms. There was always some fucking going on, and I often came home with a sore ass, reeking of crown royal and cum. I loved the way my well used man pussy was always wet with another man's juice on my drive home! I even met a guy who wanted to fist me one time, but even though I liked a big cock, I wasn't quite ready for that experience, though I did let him give me 4 fingers. It was intense!

Needless to say, I was a big whore, and I loved every minute of it. I met a lot of guys, and can't even remember half their names. But somehow, I was still unfulfilled, because I'd yet to find the cock I was searching for. I think maybe I was looking for love too, but I never found it. I was drinking more and more, and taking a lot of risks.

One of the many guys I hooked up with at the club, told me about a place to meet guys closer to my home, and I began to spend more time there, than driving the distance to the club. It was called the Magnolia Tree, and it was a beautiful place. For anyone who doesn't know, sometimes a magnolia tree can take on a life of it's on, and become a giant tree, like some of those strange trees in foreign countries. It will drop seeds, and all the little trees will grow together, making one big gigantic tree. This one had a park beside it and a wooden walkway had been built so you could walk through the tree. During the day it was a family place, but at night, it had become a major gay hook up site.

You could always find numbers written on the railings of the walkway, and put down your own, and it was surprising how many men in the area were looking for what I was looking for. Late at night, there were always men there, often giving and receiving blowjobs, and you could usually hear the sounds of fucking going on in the darkness, and see pale asses pumping in the moonlight. I spent a great deal of time there, bared my ass for several guys, getting on my knees and spreading my cheeks wide so they could get to my hot, hungry hole!

I took a lot of cocks, some white, some black, some thick, and some thin! But my ass was still always hungry for that unobtainable cock! I wanted to feel something really big in my man pussy, and I soon found that most cocks are just average. While you see a few giants in porn flicks, the average white man usually only has 6 or 7 inches, and that just wasn't doing the job for me! Even a lot of black guys really aren't that big, though I knew that was where I'd eventually find what I was looking for. I found them to have more stamina, and some of them did their best to fuck you harder.

I met one black guy under the tree that showed some promise. His cock was probably 9" long, but only as thick as my own. Now I've got a pretty nice cock for a white guy, and have been known to make a tight man pussy sore with it! This guy fucked me hard and deep, and the only lube he ever used was the saliva he left on my opening when he licked it. The only lube on his cock would be my own, because I'd always suck him first. 

I'd get on all fours with my pants down, back up to his throbbing prick, and let him push his self into me hard! He'd fuck me hard and deep, as I begged him to, and often his cock rubbing against my hot spot would actually make me cum. Most of the time though, he'd fill my hungry canal with his hot, sticky cum too quickly, and if it wasn't for the fact that he liked to be fucked too, I'd have given up on him. He had a tight pussy, and was always willing to let me fulfill my needs inside it. I think I hurt him more than he ever hurt me. I liked to lick his ass when I was through, and taste my on juice as it dripped from him! Yes I'm a whore, and a nasty one too!

Still, I was never satisfied, and my ass was never full. I kept searching, and trying new meat. It would take a small disaster to put me on the path to Miami. It came in the form of a D.U.I. and misdemeanor drug possession charge, an event that kept me close to home for a while, and put a stop to my searching. During this time too, I even let myself fall in love!

Naturally, I had to attend driving school to get my license back. There I met a beautiful white guy, whom I discovered was gay. He was married, trying to hide it like I once did, but I soon found out he could suck a cock like a real pro, and we entered into a nice little relationship. I began to really care for him a lot, and even imagined a life together with him, if he hadn't been married.

He had dirty blonde hair, was about my height 5'7" tall, and weighed about 155Lbs. He was well toned, and had a perfect bubble butt that you wanted to just eat! As a matter of fact, I ate it many times. His cock was about the length of mine, 8" but it was thicker, and it was slightly bent, like it had been broken and not set straight. And he was good with it.

I worked nights, so he'd come over during the day while I was alone in the house and crawl into bed with me. He'd always go straight for my cock and start sucking it. He'd get on top of me in a kind of 69 position, and while he sucked me dry, I'd eat his fine ass, probing the tight little hole with my tongue. His scent was intoxicating, a combination of polo cologne and ass, and I loved to bury my nose in his crack and smell him!

When I'd shot my load of sperm in his mouth, he'd spread my legs and grease up my hungry hole with lube, and push his slightly deformed but wonderful cock into me and fuck me hard. He was a powerful fucker, and always brought me to a second climax as his thick cock rubbed my prostate with each deep thrust! I'd grab his fine ass, and try to pull him deeper into me, and finally I'd feel his hot load of juice filling my insides! 

I always wanted to kiss his beautiful mouth as we made love, but he wouldn't do that, though he would let me kiss his neck and suck on his earlobes. We'd lie together in bed and smoke a joint, and sometimes I'd suck him, and often he'd get on his knees and let me fuck him. I was always gentle with him, because unlike my whorish ass, his was still tight and new, and I didn't want to hurt him.

Our relationship went on for some time, and I stopped my searching, and even began to love him, though I still wanted to feel some more. One day, out of the blue, he and his wife moved away, and I never saw him again. My heart was broken, I began to drink more, and my search was on again.

I stayed close to home now, making up my mind to find the cock I wanted where I'd seen one once before when I was younger. Back before I was married for the first time, and was sill experimenting with my sexuality, I'd found you could usually pick up a black guy for a little action, though sometimes you'd have to pay. I lost my virginity to a black guy, and had even come across a couple of cocks like I was looking for in those days, but had not been able to handle them at the time. I was still young and tight, and they were just too big. But I was older now, and I was going to find me a cock, and take it if he had to make me take it!

Being from a small town in the south, there is always a white section, and a black section, so I took to cruising the streets on the black side of town, looking for Mr. Right. I found the best way to pick up a guy was to spot one walking alone, and if I liked his look, I'd drop a note from my window with my cell number, and what I was looking for. It was surprising how many calls I got! Being there was a major crack epidemic going on, I could always find a guy who was willing to let me suck his cock or fuck me for a small amount of cash. Lots of them would even drop their pants and bend over the seat of my truck for me to fuck them, if the price was right!

The smell of their velvety black cocks, and heavy balls were intoxicating to me. I loved to lick their sweaty assholes, and drank down pints of delicious cum. I'd beg them to fuck me harder and harder, and though my hole was often sore, and dripping with their sticky hot essence, I still was never satisfied! I tried many, and finally, one day I found him, or maybe I should say it.

I saw him walking down the street he lived on, and was immediately attracted. He had a slim, muscular build, and had a nice ass. He was older than some, about my age, and didn't wear his pants halfway down his ass, so I could see the shape of it as he walked. I imagined myself with my face pressed against it, breathing in the smell, and tasting it with my tongue! I dropped him a note, and got a call from him that same day, and we agreed to meet.

I pulled up in front of his house later that day, and my cock throbbed with anticipation, as he walked out to my truck. He climbed in, and we introduced ourselves. He wasn't the most beautiful man I'd ever been with, but it was his cock I was concerned with. He told me people called him Miami, and he undid his fly, and pulled out the most wonderful cock I've ever seen! It was nowhere near hard, and still it was 5" long, and so thick! He said its name was "Lil Joe Cartright". I had found what I was looking for!

END PT 1 