 Author's note: This story deals with the topic of gay incest. If this isn't your cup of tea, I ask that you please find a story more to your liking. There are some great stories on this website. 

I wrote this chapter to keep my mind busy after the recent passing of my dad. I don't know if it's any good. If it reads weird, let me know. I'll go back and re-edit. I hope you enjoy it. Thank you! 

-TrippyLuv 

This chapter is from Michael's POV. All characters are over the age of 18. 

****** 

Seven months earlier on New Year's Eve afternoon: 

"C'mon, Jase. Come to the party with us," I state, reaching into the fridge for a bottle of water. 

"Nah, I won't know anyone there. These are your and Kenny's friends. Besides, why would you want your little brother hangin' around you and your boyfriend all night?" Jason asks, leaning against the kitchen counter. 

"Dude, first off, I'm 6'2" and you're 6'3", you're not my little brother anymore. Second, you've been in a funk since you've been home, and it'd be nice to see the old Jason again. Third, I can't leave you here alone and have fun at this party," I answer crossing the kitchen to stand in front of him. "Fourth, I'm gonna keep hounding you until you say that you'll go. So, just say 'yes' and save me the time." 

With a pitiful sigh, Jason says, "Fine, I'll go. But don't expect to have fun with a third wheel hangin' around you all night." 

"You're not a third wheel, Jase. You'll see. This'll be a night you won't forget," I say punching his shoulder lightly, and leave the kitchen. 

Turning the corner, I hear Jason mutter, "I doubt it." 

****** 

The party's in full swing, when the three of us arrive a few hours later. I feel good. Kenny's looking extra sexy tonight. I never thought I would fall for a 5'10", nerdy, metal head, dance major, but I have. 

Six months ago, he caught my eye one late afternoon in June, when he sat across from me in a small café in Berlin, and I couldn't keep my eyes off him. He wore his hair in a pale green faux-hawk, had eyebrow and lip rings, his nails painted black, and wearing black eye makeup. He wore tight black jeans, green high-top sneakers, and a white t-shirt of one of my favorite bands, Sevendust. He was reading, 'The Stand' by Stephen King, and seemed completely engrossed in it, so I watched him. 

I didn't think he noticed me until he looked up and smiled. The brightness of his gray eyes behind his wire-rimmed glasses nearly knocked me over. He closed the book and said, "You know, you're making it very hard to focus on reading with the way you're staring at me." 

I felt the embarrassment course its way through me settling in my cheeks. I must've blushed heavily because his smile widened. I blurted out, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to stare and skeeve you out." 

"Don't worry about it. I have green hair and wearing black shit all over my eyes. I should be used to the stares," he said, picking the book back up, and chortled. "My boyfriend tried to get me to dial back on it, but I couldn't break the habit, and he dumped me, the jagoff." 

The mention of a boyfriend made me sit up straighter. "No, I was looking at your shirt. They're one of my favorite bands," I replied trying to keep the conversation going. 

His eyebrow arched with skepticism. "Really? What's your favorite song?" 

"Uh, 'Rain'." 

He seemed impressed and placed his book back on the table. "That's actually in my top three." 

I leaned forward and asked, "So what's your favorite?" 

"It's 'Shadows in Red'," he answered. 

"That's in my top three. Do you wanna join me? I have a bigger table," I say pointing to the chair across from me. He thought for a couple of seconds before he picked up his bag, book, and coffee and joined me. I hold out my hand. "Mike." 

He takes me hand and I feel a surge of energy flow through me. "Kenny." 

From that point on, we were inseparable, and learned a lot about each other. He told me how he discovered his passion for dancing. I told him about my love for basketball. And about the injury that stole my scholarship. The most interesting tidbit of information we learned was we live about four hours apart, and we were about to attend the same university. It was kismet meeting Kenny. The more we hung out the less I thought about Jason. 

I found my salvation. 

****** 

Back at the party, Kenny grabs my hand and we walk over to our group of friends. I look back for Jason. He hangs off to the side with his hands in his pockets looking sheepish. He's shy in social situations, but I know once he loosens up, he'll enjoy himself. I beckon him over. When he stands next to me, I throw my arm around his shoulder, and bring him in close. I ignore the subtle smell of his shampoo and body spray as it fills my nose. 

"Hey, ladies, fellas, I wanna introduce you to my brother. This is Jason," I holler over the music. There are a few quick 'hey' and 'what's up?' I point them out to him. "Jase, that's Tony, Lacey, Becca, Everett, Sean, Christina, Lewis, Simone, Eddie, Dom, and Grooves." 

"Your name's Grooves?" Jason asks, and the group chuckles. 

"Yeah, it's for my sick moves," Grooves replies doing a few dance steps that make everyone whoop. He holds out his hand to Jason. "Real name's Matthew, but no one calls me that, got it?" 

Jason nods and smiles. "Got it." 

"I'm gonna grab a drink. Cowboy, do you want something?" I ask turning to Kenny. Although, he was born and raised on a farm, Kenny acts and looks nothing like the traditional cowboy. It's fitting for him. 

"Same as you, Schatz," he replies with his German term of endearment for me. 

Turning to Jason, I ask, "What about you?" 

He shakes his head and says, "I'm good, Mikey." 

I leave Kenny with Jason to grab our drinks. When I return a couple minutes later, I hand Kenny his drink, and he moves in closer to me. Kissing him on the forehead, I catch Jason watching us with an odd look on his face, and he quickly looks away. I've caught him looking at us like that a few times. It's not as if he hasn't seen us together. A week before he headed off to California, the three of us hung out, and everything seemed fine. Jason didn't seem weirded out seeing me with Kenny. 

Three years ago, I told him I was gay, but he'd come out to me a couple years earlier. Jason's only had one relationship, a girlfriend he pretended to be straight for during his senior year. It baffled me. Why date a girl when you're gay? I honestly don't know why he dated her. What really surprised me was he slept with her after prom, but it was only because he felt he owed it to her for wasting her time. 

"Mike, what's wrong?" Kenny asks breaking into my thoughts. 

"Jase is acting funny again," I answer taking a sip of my beer. "He has this weird look on his face whenever he looks at us. Wish I knew what was going on with him." 

"He might be feeling left out," Kenny states simply. "Mike, we've gotten closer these past three months since he's been away, and he's not used to the changes yet. You've been close your entire lives, and I'm stealing the attention he's used to having. But I think once he starts dating, his attitude will change, and he won't act so weird around us. Don't worry. Your brother's hot. He'll find someone." 

Oh, hell, no! "I don't want him to... you know what? Forget it. Let's dance," I say, leading him through the sea of bodies moving to the music. Dancing will help put Jason out of my thoughts. 

Kenny grinds his ass suggestively against my crotch as we dance. He reaches back to grab my hardening bulge, and rubs it slowly. He turns to face me, wraps his arms around my neck, and kisses me softly. I can taste the faint mix of his spearmint mouthwash and the beer he drank. His strong hands travel down grasping my ass and pulls me in closer to him. 

We dance this way for several songs until we sway slowly not caring about the fast pace of the music that's playing. He's wearing a long jacket, and it hides the hand I have inside his pants, as I lightly finger fuck him as we dance. He has his face buried in my neck, and his warm panting breaths ghost across my sweaty skin sending shivers through me. He whimpers several times when he rocks his hips causing my finger to delve deeper. The feel of his tongue on my neck has me rubbing hard against him. 

Kenny tilts his head back slightly, and whispers wantonly, "I want your cock inside me." 

I smirk down at him. "Do you think you can handle it?" 

I groan when he grabs my cock aggressively. "You gonna give me this dick or do I go get it from someone else?" 

With that said, he tugs on my cock and walks away, tossing me that 'come fuck me' look over his shoulder. I follow closely behind, trying my best to keep from throwing him over my shoulder, and carrying him away caveman style. 

We head upstairs in search of an empty bedroom. We're lucky finding one on the third try. I lock the door, pick Kenny up, and toss him on the bed. I pull out a condom and a small tube of lube from my pocket, and throw them on the bed next to him.  

I strip quickly watching Kenny's gray eyes darken with lust as I discard each article of clothing. He growls reaching for me and engulfs my 6.5" hard cock in his mouth. Grabbing the sides of his head, I thrust slowly but deeply. His moans reverberate around my already engorged cock making my knees partially buckle. 

Fisting his natural strawberry blond hair in my hands, I tug his head back and kiss him hard. Pulling him to his feet, I take off his jacket and shirt, unbuckle his pants and push them down. His seven-inch cock juts towards me waiting for the warmth of my mouth to wrap its way around it. I kiss and lick my way down his chest. His cock jerks as I flick the underside with the tip of my tongue repeatedly. 

"Oh damn, Mike," he moans, sitting on the bed, and places a hand on the back of my head. 

"You like that?" I ask, teasing the tip with a languid swirl of my tongue. 

"I fucking love it," he answers through gritted teeth, and his head falls back. "Mmm, don't stop." 

"Move back," I order roughly. 

Once he's in the middle of the bed, I maneuver to my knees and slide a finger inside him and he moans. His hips writhe sensually, and his cock moves deeper in my mouth, as he rides my finger. The introduction of a second finger only makes him buck harder. His hands grip wildly at the blanket on the bed. He tightens the grip his ass has on my fingers. 

"You want this ass, don't you?" he asks licking his lips. "You want this tight ass to fuck you 'til you come?" 

The desire to be inside him is overwhelming, I look in to his hazy eyes, and say, "Yeah, I want that tight ass 'round my fat cock. I want you so bad." 

"Then take me," Kenny whispers. Cupping the sides of my face, he pulls me down on top of him. I wrap an arm around his waist and flip us so he's on top. He leans back grabbing the condom and lube. He rips the condom foil open with his teeth, and slithers down. Once he's over my swollen member, he proceeds to sheath the latex on me with his mouth. 

"Shit that was so fucking hot," I mutter, rubbing my chest and tweaking my nipples. 

He winks, turns around with his ass up in the air facing me, and slides two fingers inside that luscious ass of his. I watch in awe as he whimpers while fingering himself. His head rests on the bed looking back at me, and he can barely keep his eyes open. Kenny removes his fingers, sucks on them, and places them in my mouth. He doesn't turn to face me, as he slowly impales himself on my rock-hard sword, and whimpers, "Fuck, you're so big, Mike." 

The erotic sway of his hips as he rocks back and forth has my toes curling. My hand moves up and down his back before settling on his hips. My grip is so tight that I can see the imprints of my hands on his pale flesh. He plants his feet on the bed, leans back, and bounces with the expertise of a man who knows what he's doing. The warm intense grip of his ass holds every promise that I'll be coming soon. I pull him back against my chest, licking and sucking on his earlobe. It's a good thing the music is loud or the whole house would hear his lustful moans echoing off the walls. 

Kenny's flexibility allows him to turn effortlessly around to face me while I'm deep inside him. He does this twerking bounce move that always drives me crazy. My deep groans become louder with every bounce. Gripping, slapping, and rubbing his ass, I growl, "Yeah, ride that dick, cowboy." 

The look in his eyes is so freaking hot, as his hair falls forward framing his face. I tuck it back behind his ears, and he smiles sexily. I put Kenny on his back with his legs pinned to his chest. My slower thrusts make him whimper, and I know I'm hitting his sensitive gland. He grips my arms with his nails digging in my flesh. 

"Mike, harder. Fuck me," he moans. 

Going harder makes his mouth widen, eyes close, and he bares his neck to me. I don't hesitate sucking and nipping my way across his neck. I lick the shell of his ear, and feel him shudder beneath me several times. 

"You wanna come, cowboy?" I ask seductively with my face an inch above his. Kenny bites his bottom lip and nods. "How bad do you wanna come?" 

"So fucking bad," he mewls. I lean back to take over the stroking of his cock, and suck on his toes. "Yes. Yes. Right there." 

"You gonna come with my cock inside you?" 

"Mm-hmm," he answers brokenly, when I thrust all the way in and grind our hips together repeatedly. He rakes his nails down my back, bites my shoulder, and cries out, "Oh fuck!" 

The fury of the pace in which I fuck and stroke him intensifies. The first splatter of cum hits his chest, and then he shoots several more times. My forehead presses lightly against his as we kiss. I let the rush of his orgasm wane a little before I fuck him harder. I come not soon after collapsing on top of him with gasping breaths. Kenny strokes my back and kisses the side of my face and neck. 

"I love you, Mike," he whispers in my ear. 

My heart skips a beat. This is the first time anyone outside my family has told me they love me. I've known for a little while that I love him, but thought it was too early to tell him. I prop myself up onto an elbow, gaze into his eyes, and kiss him tenderly before declaring, "I love you, too, Kenny." 

He sighs happily and smiles. "Good, you have no idea how nervous I was telling you." 

My eyebrows and forehead furrow. "Why were you nervous?" 

"I don't know. You've been with other guys, but I am your first boyfriend. I guess with everything you told me about what you went through last year, I thought you might not be as serious about me, as I am about you," he mumbles, looking down. 

Tilting his head up, I say, "Cowboy, believe me, I'm serious about you. Meeting you changed my life in a way I wasn't expecting. You've made me feel things I never thought was possible. You make me happy." 

"You make me happy," Kenny states. We kiss passionately before he puts his head on my shoulder. "Can we just lay here for a little while longer?" 

I wrap an arm around him, and kiss the top of his head. We lay together, talking and giggling about little things. We reluctantly get dressed and head back down to the party a few minutes later. 

****** 

Once we're back downstairs, I can't hide the goofy smile on my face. A few knowing smiles from our friends make me smile even wider. Then I remember Jason. Where is he? He catches my eye when I walk in to the kitchen. He's talking to someone hidden behind the door on the back porch. I'm about to walk over when Jason's anonymous lothario leans in and kisses him. My heart drops. I watch Jason grip the waist of his kissing partner, and pull him in closer. 

I don't want to see anymore, so I turn and walk away, making a beeline back to Kenny. I can't let this ruin what's been an amazing night for me. I have a man I love and he loves me too. I can't keep pining over Jason. We'll never be together. 

"Did you find Jason?" Kenny asks upon my return. 

"Uh, yeah. He's making out with some guy on the back porch." 

His eyebrows raise is surprise. "Really? In this weather? It's like 20 degrees outside." 

"I guess whoever's out there is keeping him warm enough," I answer sarcastically with a touch of curtness. 

Kenny doesn't pick up on my attitude. "Schatz, this could be good for him. This could be the guy he says, 'I love you' to in six months." 

"Great. That'd be awesome," I say with a fake smile. 

I hug Kenny close to keep him from seeing the tear in my eye, and I quickly wipe it away. 

****** 

It's Grooves. That was who was out on the porch with Jason. 

I know Grooves is bisexual, but it never occurred to keep him and Jason apart. What was I thinking? They're both good looking. Jason with his tall swimmer's body, blond hair, hazel eyes, and loveable nature. Grooves standing at six-feet tall, toned build, brown hair, blue eyes, and a great sense of humor. 

I watch them out the corner of my eye as they dance. Grooves is all over him, and Jason seems to love the attention. My jealousy starts to mount, but I can't do anything about it. My jaw hurts from clenching so hard. My nails dig achingly into the palm of my hands. 

I want to scream, 'Keep your fucking hands off him!' But that wouldn't bode well for me. 

The crowd groans when the music stops abruptly. 

"Yeah, yeah, I know. Listen up, everyone. The countdown's about to start soon. Make sure you're with the person you want to kiss at midnight," the Deejay announces over the mic. 

The crowd whoops excitedly. 

Kenny and I move over to where Jason and Grooves are standing. 

"'Sup, bro?" Jason slurs slightly when he sees us approach. 

"How much have you had to drink, Jase?" I ask disapprovingly. 

"Enough to tell you that I love you," Jason says with a smile. 

I think to myself, 'Yeah, I know you do. It's just not in the way that I want you to.' 

"Cowboy, I think I should get him home," I announce, glancing between Jason and Grooves. 

"Okay, but can it wait for another twenty seconds?" Kenny says, linking our fingers together, and stepping in closer. Looking into his eyes, I see all the love he has for me in them, and I know that I'm not being fair to him. He deserves all of my attention. 

I nod. 

The Deejay starts the countdown, "Ten, nine, eight...," the crowd joins in, "seven, six, five, four, three, two, one... HAPPY NEW YEAR!" 

Auld Lang Syne plays as I kiss Kenny with everything I have in me. His arms wrap around my waist. He nips and sucks on my bottom lip playfully, holding me tighter, and it feels so good. 

When the kiss ends, I place my forehead to his and kiss the tip of his nose, and whisper, "Best New Year's of my life. I love you, cowboy." 

Kenny sighs contently. "I love you, too, Schatz," With my eyes closed, I feel Kenny turn his head, and he asks, "Where'd Jason and Grooves go?" 

****** 

"He's old enough to take care of himself, Mike. How do you know it wasn't Jason who dragged Grooves away?" Kenny asks trailing behind as we climb the stairs. 

"You wouldn't go after your sister if she were drunk and off with some guy she just met?" I toss over my shoulder. "Kenny, he's never been with a guy before. I don't want his first time to be with someone he's only known for two hours. I didn't know the guy I slept with my first time and I regret it. My head wasn't in the right place and neither is Jason's. I don't want him to regret this in the morning." 

"Grooves' a good guy," Kenny states. "He'd be an idiot to try something with you in the house." 

"You saw them together. They were all over each other. I don't know what Grooves would do if Jason tries to stop him from going further than he's willing to go," I answer. 
