 The day was completely uneventful. Two weeks after college graduation with nothing to show for it. No job, no money, no life, no nothing. I should be working my ass off trying to get my head in the door of some graphics firm, but instead I'm spending all day enthralled with internet video clips and gay sex blogs. I guess I have to be completely truthful, though. I have been doing something on the side. Ever since I first watched a clip from one of those sites where horny straight dudes get paid to let other guys suck and jerk them off, I've been trying to follow in their footsteps. Actually, it's been working out for me, too! Last week, I successfully bagged my first trade guy.

I went onto a hookup chatroom and started a stakeout. First guy that posted when I logged in said: 

32 Y.O. MILITARY JOCK 8x6 CUT FOR HOT WET PUSSY IM ME

"Bingo!" I thought as I quickly sent a message to him. Unfortunately, he wasn't interested when I suggested that I wanted to suck him; so I went back to the main room. About an hour later and some random chat with other girls and guys in the room, another dude spoke up.

MAN, I'M LOOKING FOR SOME CHICK TO GET MY COCK NICE AND WET...ANY TAKERS?

Instead of messaging him this time, I posted after him:

21 Y.O. BI DUDE LOOKING FOR SOME NSA ACTION WITH A STR8 JOCK

To my shock, he messaged me right away with his stats: 5' 8" brn/blue 170 thick, muscled physique, 7" with a thick base and big low hanging balls. I was definitely in, but was a little scared that it might turn into a hate crime. Throwing my inhibitions away, I continued to chat. We traded info like names (his name's Allen) and small talk. He kept telling me that he really wanted a chick, but he was just too horny to wait for one to come along. Originally, Allen suggested just some j/o action, but I wanted more. When I said I wanted a cock to suck, he denied me and it took a while to break him down, but eventually his hardon took over his decision making and he decided to come over. 

He only lived about twenty minutes away from me, but it took him over two hours to call me back and say he was on his way. I figured it was either nerves, or he was getting drunk...or both. At roughly 11pm, I heard a knock on my door. There he was, as hot as I imagined him. It was cold, so he was wearing a light grey hoody with some basketball shorts and sneakers. I didn't know how old he was, but when he walked in, I could tell he was possibly mid 20's to 30. He didn't say much, but he smelled like beer so I knew this would be an interesting night. "So, uh, where do you wanna do this? In the living room or..." I told him that I needed to get my bedroom ready, so I gave him some water and ran back in my room to set up the camera carefully hidden in my closet. When I called him back, he was already rubbing his dick through his shorts. 

Allen sat down on my bed and looked around nervously. "What's the matter?" I asked. He shrugged and muttered something under his breath that I didn't really hear. Removing his hoody, Allen revealed his muscular body. His chest was packaged nicely in a green tank top that stretched over his jutted out nipples. He rubbed himself softly as we stared at each other's bodies. I stood there for a while, taking in his whole physique, hoping that the camera was catching everything that I was seeing. He had thick boulder-like shoulders that made him look really top heavy, yet tasty nonetheless. I must have been taking my sweet time because he croaked up in his deep voice, "I'm really horny, bro...you got some porn or somethin' I can watch?" Little did he know he was becoming part of my own porn experiment. I grabbed my tv remote and clicked the screen on. The movie I picked was some gangbang flick where a white schoolgirl was getting banged by six black dudes in a bathroom. Allen responded positively to the video, moaning lightly as the scene instantly drew him in. Watching his face, he was ready to let me go to work on him. 

I crouched down between his legs and started to rub his dick that was draped across his thigh under the mesh shorts. It was already leaking which led me to believe that I didn't really need to put the movie on to get him off. Slipping my hand underneath the leg of his shorts, I caressed his hairy leg; he flexed it a little and looked down at me with a smirk. "I'm a personal trainer...I like to keep my body in shape." He started hitting poses while I moved into a muscle worship mode. Allen flexed his biceps, triceps, shoulder and chest as my hands roamed all over his body. His cock was aching to be released from his shorts, pullling them up like a man-sized tent. He rubbed his free hand across my cheek and grazed my lips, wetting his thumb with my saliva. I think that was his straight guy way of telling me that he liked what I was doing and was ready to get down to business.

I crouched back down, sliding his shorts down to the floor to reveal Allen's beauty below the waist. His dick was more than thick, it was almost trunk like. The veins were light but definitive and I couldn't close my fist around the base of it without squeezing some; which flipped my dick hard like a light switch.

I took in my first taste of his manhood, it was salty with his precum, and I dove down to taste the whole thick thing. I imagined what the camera was picking up; my head bobbing up and down on Allen's swollen piece. His moaning becoming louder and more frequent with each suck and swallow. I imagined people logging on to see the way I choke down this straight guy's bone and get him excited to no end. Needless to say, the more I fantasized, the better I was making Allen feel. Allen's attention was "sucked" away from the screen and onto my oral treatment. "Whaa...holy shit, bro! Slow down. You're driving me crazy!" Allen breathlessly muttered. His dick had gone from thick to steel in about three deepthroat passes. I love the way he was responding to my skills; Allen's body would shudder everytime I'd get his cock almost fully down my gullet. When I'd pull off for air, his dick would spasm like a fish out of water. I don't know how long I had been going for, but Allen's grip on his emotions was slipping the longer I spent pleasing his cock: 

"Uunngghh...oh my fuck you suck good! I-I-I...ooohhh fffuuuccck!! I'm gonna feed you my load now, mmm please swallow my jizz, bro!" 

With that satisfying announcement, I stuffed his dick in my throat and let squirt his load into me. My mouth was quickly filled to capacity with his salty cum. It tasted like Corona, lime and celery, but I caught every tasty drop.

We were both spent; I had shot my load onto the side of my bed almost simultaneously with Allen. After we'd recovered he gave me praises for the feat I'd accomplished. "Micky, that was a fuckin' thirteen out of ten, bro! I've never gotten off that good with any chick. That doesn't make me gay, does it?" I assured him that just because it happened didn't mean anything and he could still keep his straight card. I was also keeping something of his. As soon as he left, I ran to my closet and popped out the dvd with my first escapade on it.

I held onto his cum until he left; then sat down on my bed and pounded my cock while slowly swallowing his load, replaying the moment on my tv. The whole experience was a supreme rush because the whole time I was hoping that nothing would happen to make Allen suspect that it was being taped. Since I got away with it, I immediately went to planning my next score. Maybe with the next one, I'll move the camera to a different spot...even closer than before.

Allen gave me a call the next day to see when I was free again and if he could bring a friend. I assured him the more friends he brought, the better the fun. The more guys I can successfully get off, the more footage I'll have to share.