 I woke up wanting to suck a cock. It was a very strange thing for a straight man to want but I did want to suck a cock.

Well yes I had sucked two cocks before but that was the summer after high school graduation fifteen years before. I had dated and fucked only girls and married one of them. The marriage lasted eight years which in our circle of friends was remarkable. 

Among my six best friends only three marriages lasted over two years and ours was one of two to make it past five. The only marriage left was between friends we had predicted would have killed each other long ago. He had the one of the cocks I had sucked. The other was the first to get divorced and no one had any idea where he was.

As I readied for work I asked myself whose cock did I want. Our company had a gym and many of us went there instead of lunch. We had all seen each other's cocks. One very fine cock was on the vice president of our division but I did not want to put my career at his mercy. His cock was nice but he wasn't. 

My still married buddy had the smallest cock and at the time I had decided that he could fuck my ass if he wanted to do so. Our games ended too soon for that to happen. I am sure he was ready for me to fuck him. I wondered if I still wanted my ass fucked.

I decided to bring up the subject of gay men around my friends at work. The first thing one asked me was if I wanted to give him a blowjob. 

I laughed and said, "Right after you give me one," then went on to mention that statistics showed twenty percent of the people around us were gay or bisexuals and I just wondered if it could possibly be that high.

None of the guys agreed with the number and most guessed it would be less than five percent. One guy wondered who the five percent would be and everyone nominated someone, basically the guys that were better looking than us.

I got no leads out of that, I thought, until a note on my desk read, "Your divorce has made you desperate I see. I will give you a blowjob and you do not to give me one in return. Just leave your coffee cup upside down on your desk when you leave today and I will come by your place tonight."

Perfect. I was going to let him suck me off first but I would certainly return the favor. That evening I took a shower and wore just gym shorts. My doorbell rang at eight and I was surprised to see the vice president of my unit standing there.

I allowed him in and he went in and knelt on the floor by my love seat. I took my shorts off and sat directly in front of him. He kissed and licked my cock before sliding it into his mouth. He stopped each time I began to rush to a cum and waited several minutes before resuming.

During one of such pauses I mentioned that I felt awkward to be the only one nude. He smiled and was soon naked. Before he got back on his knees I kissed his cock. He looked like a kid that had just won first price.

He eventually did allow me to cum and he swallowed the enormous amount of cum I ejaculated. He kept sucking and licking my cock until I lifted him to the love seat, kissed him then sank to my knees.

I savored having his cock slide into my mouth so much I spent several minutes doing just that, taking it down deep then pulling back until only my lips had contact with it. Once he leaned over and kissed me. I kissed him back. I managed to stop him from cumming once but not the second time. I took all he had and swallowed but kept his cock in my mouth until he pulled me off and we stood. 

He embraced me and kissed me before he said, "I need to get home. I'm supposed to be getting her a very special type of Nori. I already have it in the car, I keep a stash there.

You realize no one can catch even a glint of what just happened here. I am your boss and it should not have happened in the first place but I did notice you liked my cock as much as I like yours and I trust you to realize both our careers would be jeopardized if word got out.

We will not be able to do this often but if you feel the necessity use the same signal. I will text you if I can't."

I kissed him then I got him a coke to drink on the way home. He kissed me and left. I put rum and a slice of lemon in my coke and went to my computer and trolled for gay websites. I had decided I loved sucking cocks.

I did not love getting arrested so I decided to avoid the adult theaters. I wondered how they were surviving since every kind of porn was available at home. 

They used to be a good place for closeted gay men to meet but they were now too risky. The problem was our city decided gloryholes were illegal and most surviving places had sealed them up.

That meant you would need to physically be with your partner. He could see your face. He could recognize you. Too big a risk.

The next day there was another note on my desk from one of my workmates, he asked to come over to my place and talk to me, his marriage was coming apart and wanted some advice.

I had a rum and coke ready for him when he came over after work. I urged him to get comfortable and sit on the love seat with me. He saw my erection and simply got nude.

"My wife and I used to swap with another couple, she got the pussy and I got the cock." He paused to get something out of his jacked and handed it to me, there were three condoms and an anal lubricant. I got us ready as he continued. 

"Our favorite couple split. My wife still gets the pussy but he left for California. I have not had a cock in months. I saw a car parked in your driveway when I drove by yesterday. I looked through your window and saw a guy giving you a blowjob. I decided your cock would do just fine."

I was sliding my cock into his ass by then. It was my first ass and I was having a difficult time holding on. To distract myself I reached around him and gripped his still flaccid cock. I was surprised he did not have an erection so that gave me the distraction I needed. By the time our balls met I was fine.

I began with a long stroke, slow fuck which both of us appreciated. He moaned and for some reason I kissed his shoulder. He turned for me to kiss his lips so I did. His cock began to rise.

I fucked him and masturbated him in rhythm until he began to pant, he was about to cum. I sped up and pounded his ass hard and filled the condom as he covered my loveseat's skirt with cum.

I kept my cock slowly sliding in his ass until it popped out. He stayed on his knees with his head on a cushion as I removed the condom and threw it away.

I sat next to him and pulled him up to my lap and kissed him.

"When do you need to go home?"

"Ten tonight, she has her friend over tonight."

"Do you get to fuck the woman?"

"Rarely and just twice. Both after she and her husband split. She says she enjoys me but her husband's dick was twice as big as mine."

"Let me call for pizza. Take your clothes and hang them up, there is a closet with just hangers in it in the bedroom. Don't bother dressing."

I called for the food then put my gym shorts on and took our drinks to the kitchen table. He joined me there and we talked about his being part of a bisexual couple. He very much enjoyed it until his lover left.

The pizza came and I got nude as I took it to the kitchen table. I refreshed our drinks and for the next thirty minutes we ate and drank. We agreed it was the best dinner ever before we replenished our glasses and returned to my living room.

I put on my DVD of Short Bus and we were mesmerized by the scene of the guy trying to suck his own cock.

He said he could lick his but his cock was too small to put in his mouth. I asked him to show me and we got on the floor. It took him a while but he got his tongue on his cock.

I applauded and said, "Again." That time as he and his cock got close I slid a finger in his ass and pressed down a bit. He wrapped his lips around his cock. I put a throw pillow under his head and he got his entire cock in his mouth.

We high fived and kissed then I put a condom on his cock and lubricated my ass. There was no pain and just a bit of burn as he slid all the way into me.

He fucked me slowly which I very much enjoyed a lot more than expected. I was disappointed when he ejaculate but happy he stayed in me until his cock shrank out.

I rolled over onto my back and he began to love my cock. My boss was a phenomenal cocksucker, he was better. The only reason I lasted five minutes was because I had my first cum less than two hours before.

I took him to my bed and we took a nap. It was after nine when we awoke so he got dressed, kissed me then asked, "Is Wednesday of next week OK to visit again?"

"Yes, you may have every Wednesday for the near future."

"Thanks," he said, kissed me and left.

I cleaned up and took a shower then went to bed. Before I went to bed I knew I had not had enough cock yet.

Thursday at noon a guy I did not know all that well asked me if my problem was with the computer on my desk or the one at home. I recognized him as one of the tech guys and I stood to allow him to my computer as I told him I didn't know but I was having problems sending notes to my home computer. An image of a long but skinny cock just barely flashed on my monitor but it made the reason for his inquiry clear.

"I could go check out your equipment at home and see if there is anything I can do for it."

"Today after work would be good, I'll treat to dinner."

"Awesome, I will follow you home."

After we got to my house he followed me to the bedroom and got nude as I did. He climbed in bed with me and began an awesome blowjob.

As expected he was the owner of the long skinny cock and after I enjoyed my cum I got the one remaining condom and put it on his cock, lubricated my ass and draped myself over a pillow. He slid in slowly and I felt his cock reach past my gland.

I moaned. He began with long slow strokes and I felt my cock seep more pre-cum out. He picked up the pace and I was in heaven until he grunted. I felt the warmth from his cum in me. He resumed fucking my ass and lasted another six minutes before his cock popped out. 

I rolled to my side and asked, Pizza OK?"

"Pizza is perfect. Where is your computer?"

"I have a small office just off the living room."

I picked up the phone and made the same order and it was delivered by the same girl.

"Did I tip you yesterday when you came?"

She blushed and shook her head no. I gave her a ten dollar tip and a kiss on the cheek. She was happy about one of them.

I joined my new lover in my office as he was installing an app.

"These are the people with whom you can have for sex that have approved my telling you. Your name will not appear on their list until you have sex with them and only on their computers. If you want all to see your name you need to click the enroll button and sign in.

I clicked on a name I didn't know and his picture and vitals came up. He worked in shipping.

I clicked on a female name and her picture told me she was one of the girls in the office pool. Under sex however she had checked male. I clicked under photos for her and saw a nice woman with a small dick.

I clicked on my visitors name and learned his name was Mark. His other photos included the picture of the cock I had seen flash by in my office.

I ate as I went through the membership, there were seventeen of them, some really were women. I had stumbled into a secret sex club.

"Is there anyway for anyone else to find this list?"

"Only if they use your computer and know the password I wrote down for you. As you see our company is twenty percent bisexual and there are some that have opted to remain anonymous."

"Rum and coke?"

"Yes, please."

We stayed at the computer as we drank and I went to each member. Mark told me which he had sex with and if they had any preferences. I learned the three women were lesbians that at times wanted someone to fuck her as she ate pussy.

I learned the guy to visit me the day before was Gene and preferred someone fuck him, he was a bottom. Mark next to me had checked he was a top. He said when I allowed my profile to be seen I should check "All of the above." One of the choices was pussy.

I asked him if I filled the profile now would it be the same as enrolling. He said, "No, one will see your profile unless you contact them. I'm ready for another fuck by the way. You can be the top if you want."

"Maybe our next time, I am fine with you doing the fucking."

He took even longer fucking me the second time. My prostrate loved the massage his cock gave it as did my ass. When he was done he stopped but just cuddled to me and waited for his cock to plop out on its own. I took the condom off and kissed his cock then kissed him.

He kissed me back, got dressed and left. I got another drink and went to my computer and filled out my profile including a picture of me and a close up of my cock.

I sent my two lovers a thank you note and added "Wednesday," to my note to Gene and the word, "Anytime" to Marks.

The next day when I got home from the grocery store I sent a message to Mark asking him if he had an hour. He was fucking me fifteen minutes later. He left me asleep.

That Friday I saw everyone I had contacted had sent me a message. Gene's only read,' Wednesday'. The lesbians wrote, "A date soon, please." The TS wrote "I am available when you are."

"Tonight?" I asked.

"Yes," she replied.

"Symphony, dinner, and fuck?"

"Yes."

"I will pick you up at six."

"I will be ready."

He looked fabulous and I would have challenged anyone to guess she had a dick. I kissed her lips as we introduced each other then she kissed me after we had. We already knew we would fuck after our date so the kisses continued throughout the evening.

She had been to the symphony before, she was a fan of theirs. I was a fan of Bach's piano concerto that one of the worlds leading pianist would be performing.

We both had a fine time at the concert and a good time at the big Vietnamese restaurant. She went to the ladies room but I was so taken by the femininity I didn't think about it until we were on my bed fucking.

She was very pretty nude except for her dick. She told me it was useless so she intended to get rid of it when she found the money. It was useless all night, I tried to get it to wake up but no matter what I did it remained in a coma.

Our fucks were excellent from my point of view but not getting her to orgasms bothered me. It was the last date we would have.

Sunday morning after I took her home I had a message from Mark asking if I would be available that day. I said I was until six and he came over. 

I did fuck him which he eventually enjoyed, my cock was the biggest he had allowed inside of him so he needed to wait for the discomfort to go away before he could truly allow himself all-in on the fuck.

I loved both fucks he gave me and loved the blowjob between. I caressed his ass before he dressed to go home.

That next week went by quickly, I fucked Gene twice on Wednesday and Mark fucked me twice on Thursday.

I again had no plans for Friday night and for some unknown reason I was a bundle of nerves so I decided to surf the web. I spent Friday night masturbating to films on xHamster. It was still not a very satisfactory Friday night.

On Saturday I went to a gay bar but did not feel like playing with anyone there. I was on my way home when I suddenly hoped there had not been anyone there that recognized me.

Sunday the football was great and I made it through three games before going to bed.

The next morning I had two notes on my desk, one from Mark and another from Lori. Both asked if I had checked for messages last night.

I went to tech support and told Mark how my evening went. He seemed relived. I went to bookkeeping and told Lori the same story. She was annoyed. Lori had been my date the previous week and it had gone well and I wondered why I had not contacted her.

I went back to work and noticed my concentration wandered. "Maybe I need to cut back on all the sex?" I asked myself.

"Are you fucking crazy! I yelled back at me.

That evening I went to my computer and saw Mark had wanted to come over for the Sunday night game.

I answered, "Maybe that would have been a great half-time show."

The next day I e-mailed Mark that I wanted him to come by Wednesdays. He answered fine.

I e-mailed Gene and told him we would have company Wednesdays. He said fine.

After work Wednesday I went home and greeted my guests naked. Mark fucked Gene as he sucked my cock. Two beers later Mark fucked me as I sucked Gene. The three of us were very satisfied with our evening.

I turned out to be our last fling together. I did see a spark between Gene and Mark and sensed diminished enthusiasm on my part so when Gene e-mailed me he would be at Marks the following week I was glad. They had invited me over but I declined.

I had decided I needed to learn more about Lori.