 I started off doing some shopping. I was planning on doing some light cooking, and the menu included was mostly middle eastern food. I needed a spice, sumac, that is fairly hard to find unless you go to a market that specializes in middle eastern cuisine. I new a place that had Arabic writing on the sign in front of it, so I figured I'd give it a shot.

The bells on the door rang loud as I walked in. There was no air conditioning, and the sweet and spicy scent of cumin and other exotic spices filled the air. Out of the back room, a large man with maybe 5 days worth of stubble walked slowly to the front counter. He was sweating, fat and looked as though bathing wasn't a high priority.

"What is it you want?" he said to me on a condescending manner. His accent was as heavy as his large gut hanging over belt. 

"I'm looking for a spice, sumac. Do you have any?" I said, trying to make the conversation as short as possible so I could get the hell out of there.

"Why, what do you want it for?" he said, almost acting like he was doing me a favor by getting it.

"Well, I want to make a fatoosh salad, and I need it for the dressing," I said bluntly, again trying to move on.

"Go to the back room, all the spices are back there," he said, looking at me up and down. 

"Back here?" I said, pointing to the red door in the back of the store. 

"Yes my friend, go through there, Jalad is back there and he will help you."

I walked through the door, and little did I know that I would be in the back room for the rest of the night. As I walked through, I saw a young man filling spice jars out of large sacks. He was absolutely gorgeous! Black hair, clean shaved, and the body of a god. 

"What do you need?" he said to me standing up to greet me.

"Sumac please," looking at him, but trying to not show any interest. 

"Come here, get a bag and take what you need," he said to me.

I walked over and scooped in one, then two cups of sumac into a plastic bag, then I heard the door open. It was the fat man.

"I've closed the store so we won't be bothered," he said bluntly to Jaled. 

Now, I started to get nervous, but before I could protest, they each had one of my wrists, and were tying them behind my back. 

"Now there my little bitch, you knew to come to this store for cock, not sumac, right?" Jaled said to me, looking menacing. 

"I don't know what your talking about....please, don't hurt me," I said, beginning to panic. They could kill me and nobody would ever know. 

"Hurt you? You are going to provide us with hours of pleasure boy!" the fat man said laughing. 

Jaled was undressing, and what he pulled out of his pants was impressive. A large cock cock with a purple head and a thick veined shaft. They forced me to my knees and Jaled cock appeared in front of my face. "Now, take me in your mouth," he said as though I didn't know what to do.

I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out to reach the tip of his head. He wasn't into the teasing, and grabbed the sides of my head and forced his cock over my tongue and to the back of my mouth.

"Ughhh you bitch, take it all cunt," he muttered as his cock stretched my mouth open and slid in and out of my mouth, threatening to penetrate my throat. 

His cock finally slid down my throat, making me gag, but he continued his frantic pace and I could feel his cock begin to swell. 

"That's so good bitch, take it all, ugh, ugh, ugh," he yelled as he came down my throat. There was so much cum that it started running down my chin. 

When he finally pulled out, I was dizzy from the frantic pace of Jaled's cock entering my mouth and all of the cum I just swallowed. The fat man appeared, and now he was ready to take his turn. I was stunned at what I was seeing. The fat man, as greasy and nasty as he was, had the largest cock I had ever seen. 9 inches long and as fat as a coke can. 

Jaled cut off my shorts with a pair of scissors and untied my hands. He pushed me on all fours and spread open my cheeks. My ass would not be spared this evening. The fat man pushed his massive cock up to my lips and I knew what I had to do.

"That's right," the fat man said, " suck on this boy." 

I licked the head stretching my lips over his massive erection. I felt Jaled playing with my ass, slipping his tongue in and around my hole. It felt so good, I let out a groan.

"The bitch like it after all," the fat man laughed, shoving more of his monster shaft into my mouth. 

One finger, then two penetrated my ass, but nothing would prepare me for the fat mans cock. Suddenly the fat man pulled out of my mouth and laid on his back. Jaled stood me up and I was straddling the fat mans cock. The fat man grabbed my hips and pulled me down so that his fat cock was at the entrance of my soon to be stretched out ass.

"Sit on it bitch....now!" Jaled said as he forced me down. 

The head of his cock tore into my ass in a way that I had never felt before. The pain was so intense, but I knew that the please that would soon follow would make up for it.

"Ugh yes you have tight ass boy" the fat man said as the head of his cock penetrated my ass. 

"Fuck, it hurts" I said as the waves of pain flowed over me. 

They both laughed and forced me down further on his cock. I lifted up, and they forced me down further. A rhythm started, and soon they didn't have to force me down. I moved up and down, the pain become more like pleasure on every stroke. When he hit my prostate, my cock was soft, but pre-cum was flowing and soon I was moaning like the whore they knew I'd be. 

Now, the fat man pushed me forward and bent me over on all fours. He penetrated my ass like this, and it was like I was being split in two. Harder, faster, and harder yet. I knew his balls would soon explode just by the pace, and I wasn't disappointed. 

"Ughhhh Ugghhhh yesss my bitch......mmmmmm!!!!" he groaned as he filled my ass with his cum. 

At that moment, I came just from the feeling of being filled with cum, and I didn't even touch my cock! 

The fat man rolled off of me and Jaled handed me a pair of shorts and a bag of sumac. 

"Please come again," Jaled said, just like nothing happened. 

I have to do more shopping!