 It was past midnight and Harvey's rampant cock was tenting the sheets. He was so damn horny he just couldn't get to sleep. What he needed was a quick, uncomplicated fuck but where the hell was he to get that at this hour?

And then he remembered the guy in the office downstairs. Bill was always checking out Harvey's crotch and ass and one time, in the elevator, Harvey caught him staring so he cupped his hands around his big balls and said 'I bet you wish you could get your hands on these.'

'Damn straight I would.' Bill replied.

'Pity I'm not available.' Harvey had sneered.

There was a look of absolute desperate hunger in Bill's eyes and he greedily devoured the image of Harvey's plump balls and big cock straining against his suit pants.

'If you ever change your mind, day or night you just call me.' Bill told him.

Bill fished a business card out of his attaché case and gave it to Harvey who put it in his pocket despite thinking he would never, ever need it. Oh, he'd done the bisexual thing at college, but he was beyond that now he told himself.

'There aint nobody who can suck you off better than I can.' Bill said, encouraged by the fact that Harvey had pocketed his card.

'You think, huh.' Harvey had replied.

He was enjoying the power he had over Bill. Never before had he seen such hunger in another person's eyes. Those eyes were trained on his crotch, desperate for the meat that lay behind the cloth, the meat that the owner could never possess. Harvey watched Bill's Adam's apple bobbing up and down as he hungered for the other man's cock.

'Let me see it.' Bill pleaded.

Harvey laughed. The hornier and hungrier Bill got the more he was enjoying this little teasing session. He reached for his zipper now and slowly lowered it, pulling out his fat cock and plump balls. Harvey watched Bill's face flush as he slowly peeled back his foreskin, revealing the pink juicy cock head underneath. It was too much for Bill and he made a lunge for Harvey's cock but Harvey was too quick for him and managed to tuck it away just as the elevator came to a halt.

And now, lying in bed with that cock that wouldn't quit and those big balls desperate to be drained, Harvey couldn't stop thinking about Bill. The more he tried to push the thought from his mind the more it intruded. Finally he got up and rummaged around until he found Bill's card. It was a very sleepy and grumpy Bill who answered the phone but when he heard what Harvey wanted he perked up instantly.

Fifteen minutes later Harvey let Bill into the house and Bill's hands were immediately inside Harvey's boxers. If this was some kind of wind up he wanted at least to have touched that hot masculine fuck flesh of Harvey's. It was no wind up; that fat hog grew bigger still as he gently tugged on it. Harvey slipped his boxers off and Bill felt faint with desire as his eyes drank in Harvey's beauty. A line of dark hair led down from his belly button, over his flat stomach and ended up in a thick bush of jet black hair. That beautiful pale cock jutted out of this forest over a pair of full, satin smooth balls.

Bill got down on his knees and pressed his face into Harvey's pubes, inhaling his masculine scent. His hands stroked up and down his warm, well muscled thighs and up onto his firm, smooth ass. This was one hot stud and he was ready to be devoured. Bill opened his mouth and let that juicy cock fall onto his tongue, savouring the excitement juice that had leaked out of it. His experienced tongue swirled all over the warm cock head, causing Harvey to yelp in delight. Harvey's fingers dug into Bill's shoulders as more and more of his eight inch boner disappeared down Bill's throat. Damn! could this guy suck cock. It was quite simply the best blow Harvey had ever had.

Bill's warm mouth and horny tongue took Harvey close to the edge several times. Each time that happened Harvey would pull right out of Bill's mouth to prevent himself blowing off too soon and Bill would grab his thick cock by the base and blow on the spit wet crown, sending shivers of delight coursing through Harvey's body. And then once more his cock would be taken into Bill's mouth and Bill's hands would be stroking his thighs, massaging his butt cheeks and fondling his balls, repeating the cycle once more.

Harvey reached down and gently pulled Bill to his feet.

'Let's go into the bedroom.' He said.

Bill pushed Harvey down on the bed and fell back on his cock once more. Now his hands roamed over Harvey's smooth chest, tweaking his tiny nipples. It felt as if electricity was passing through Harvey's body, from cock to nipple. And when Bill came off Harvey's cock and started licking his balls Harvey came real close to bustin his nut. But that was as nothing compared to the sensation of Bill's tongue burrowing into his asshole. Harvey had seen that a couple of times in straight porn films where the girl was eating out a guy's ass and he wondered vaguely what it felt like. During his bisexual phase he had mostly just jerked other guys off or creamed off in their mouths. 

Bill was grunting like a pig at a trough as he greedily rimmed Harvey's spicy little hole. He couldn't believe that he had his face buried in this stud's crack at last; it was something he fantasized about night after night as he stroked himself off. It was no longer Harvey who held all the power; from the sounds that Harvey was making Bill knew that he was incredibly turned on. All it would take, Bill felt, was a little persuasion and he could get up that chute. The thought of dumping a load up that tight ass had glued his precum smeared cock to his underpants. But that could wait for another time; it was late and they both had to get to work in the morning. It was time to give Harvey the release he was desperate for.

Bill licked his finger and then kissed up Harvey's smooth balls which were now drawn up tight. His cock felt harder than it had before as Bill guided it into his mouth and got it all coated in spit. His slipped his finger back in his mouth again and then rammed it up Harvey's ass.

'Oohhh fuck!' Harvey groaned as he saw stars. 

Harvey felt as though something weird had happened inside him as Bill yanked his finger out. He thrashed about on the bed as the floodgates opened and his cum blasted out of his balls and down Bill's throat. He was still trying to regain his breath as Bill licked his lips and got to his feet.

'I'll let myself out.' Bill said.

'Thanks, man. I really needed that.' Harvey replied. 

He fell asleep before Bill's car was even out of the driveway.

Copyright Daniel Blue