 Tom's breathing was heavy with lust as he watched the dark haired hunk in front of him strip. He's paid a small fortune for this night of fun, and he planned to enjoy every second of it.

The hunk had wavy, longish dark hair and a sexy stubble. Mmmmm. As he undid his buttons, he revealed more and more golden muscle. Finally, he pulled his shirt off, displaying a huge muscled torso. He grinned wide. He licked a finger from each hand and slowly, delectably, anointed his dark, flat nipples, groaning deep in his throat. Tom squirmed. 

The hunk stepped closer toward the bed. He undid his belt teasingly and unzipped his black dress pants, letting them slide to the hotel room floor. He was wearing sexy black briefs which bulged deliciously big. His strong, muscular legs were covered in thick black hair, as were his large forearms. So sexy. 

Slowly, he squeezed his bulge through his skimpy briefs. 

"You wanna see my cock?" he asked softly. Tom gulped. "Yeah, you do.." he continued in a soft whisper. "You wanna see my nice, thick cock, don't you?", he chuckled. Tom loved his teasing. The hunk snapped the waistband of his briefs and grabbed his bulge. "Oh you're gonna do more than just see my cock, babe" he whispered. "You're gonna suck it till your eyes water...and then I'm gonna fuck you all night with it." 

Tom moaned. 

The big hunk reached over for a pillow. "So, babe," he said. "How'd you like me to fuck you, huh?" He folded the pillow in two and placed it over his bulge. "Hard, like this?" he said, and began to fuck the pillow slit so hard Tom gasped. He grunted and pounded the pillow, his hips blurring with the speed and the veins on his neck and arms swelling with the exertion. He stopped and grinned at him. Tom felt incredibly excited by his display of virility. 

"Or maybe you like it nice and slow...". He threw the pillow on the floor and placed it under him as he assumed a push-up position. Then he slowly, languidly began to fuck it, grinding his hips close to the ground as he sighed in satisfaction. He continued this for a minute before standing up again, and Tom saw the hunk's erection stretching the fabric of his briefs to the limit. 

"You ready for this cock?" the hunk asked, smiling as he cupped his bulge.

"Fuck yeah.." Tom whispered.

"You want cock...I'll give you cock". He pushed down his skimpy briefs and his hard cock flounced out, swaying pendulously with thick weight. Tom's throat constricted with lust as he stared at the long, thick cock. It jutted out delightfully big from a dense thicket of curly black pubes and a pair of big round balls. The hunk stroked it roughly and grinned at Tom's appreciation. 

"Guess you like my big dick huh" he teased. He flopped down on the couch and played with himself slowly. "Are you waiting for a fuckin' invite? Get down here and suck me off!" he barked. 

Man, he liked to suck cock. The hunk sighed and fisted his hair as Tom gobbled the turgid staff into his mouth, sucking hard. His cheeks hollowed with the squelching effort and he groaned in filthy pleasure. His mouth was a wet vacuum over the hot thick shaft as he sucked on his hands and knees. 

The hunk hissed and groaned with pleasure as he forced more and more of his dick into Tom's hungry mouth. Tom stroked the hunk's strong, hairy thighs, sucking deep, lovingly enveloping the thick shaft in his warm, moist mouth. Occasionally stopped sucking with a pop and ducked under the weighty shaft to treat the hunk's balls with wet, languid licks. 

After an hour of jaw-aching head, and 30 minutes of gag-inducing throat-fucking, the hunk pulled his thick cock out from Tom's face pussy. His muscles shone with sweat. "Whew! Fuck! I love a long wet blowjob babe. Man, I want you to suck me all night but right now I want to screw this cock up your asshole".

The hunk grinned as he stroked his thick, glistening cock. "I'm gonna fuck you so hard you'll need crutches and counseling". 

Tom whimpered.

"Get on the bed babe. Doggy" the hunk said as he snapped on a condom which barely fit over his hard thick dick. Tom got on is hands and knees on the bed, pushing his tight ass in the air. He screamed into the sheets as the hunk began to ease his cock inside him. The hunk held Tom's ass firmly in place with one hand on each hip, allowing him to pry open the asscheeks further. The tight walls of Tom;s asshole yielded with difficulty, resisting the exciting intrusion of the hunk's cock. The hunk groaned with delight as Tom's sphincter squeezed his cock deliciously. 

"YEAH!!!!!" the hunk said, fucking hard. "Squeeze it babe, squeeze that PUSSY for me babe! Ohhhhh yeah! Make it clench around my DICK, yeah just like that, FUCK!!!"

Tom gave in to the rough friction of the hunk's cock against his anal wall, losing himself in the aching pleasure of being fucked from behind. His euphoria was punctuated by the hunk's fierce, exciting dirty-talk and the sharp yanks of his hair as the hunk fisted it from behind. 

"Tell me to fuck you, bitch" the hunk ordered. "Say 'fuck me, Sir'"! 

"Fuck me, Sir" Tom said, his asshole gaping with cock.

"Louder!"

"FUCK ME, SIR!!" Tom gasped. "Yeah, fuck me!!" 

The hunk grinned in satisfaction as he continued to plow his whimpering bottom, using the tight vacuum of Tom's asshole to fellate his hard dick. He exhaled as the exquisite sensation tingled along the length of his cock. The hunk rammed Tom's asshole for a few more blissful minutes before pulling out his gleaming hard fuckstick. He gripped his cock hard.

"Stick out your tongue" the hunk said. Tom obeyed and the hunk placed the tip of his thick cock head against the warm wet tongue. He stroked his shaft and Tom instinctively knew to tickle the blunt tip with his tongue. The hunk's balls thickened for release. The hunk stroked faster. "I'm gonna dump my load down your THROAT!" he said, and he roared as big, strong jets of cum spurted deep inside Tom's gaping mouth, hitting his tonsils and making him gag. Tom tried his best to swallow it all but the huge load spilled down his chin and wrist as well.

Gasping, Tom gave the hunk a messy, satisfied grin. Idly, the hunk twisted Tom's nipple.

"Ready for more?" he asked. 

"Bang me all night, babe" said Tom.