 It was that knowing look in Kalin's eyes that did it for me, I think. The way they seemed to say that he understood what had went through my mind earlier, and that he was sorry too for having hurt me. He was soon to make up for any and all of the hurt though. 

Within seconds of walking into the bedroom he knelt between my legs and started lapping the cum and sweat out from my abused asshole. The slick movements of his warm tongue sending shivers up my spine. He alternated between licking my crack clean, and sucking any stray bits of Liam's cum from my cock and balls, spitting them out with a loud plopping sound before returning to try and lick still more cum from higher up my ass. 

With the edges of my hole starting to turn a brighter shade of red from the heat and all of the extra attention it was receiving, it started to hurt. So I pushed Kal away a second, grabbing his hand to pull him up with me as I turned to sit against the head of the bed. I began to slowly stroke and rub my cock with my free hand, while looking deep into Kalin's eyes, asking him silently to bring me off.... and with a smile he began to do just that. Stroking the base of my dick with one hand while he lapped at the head of it like it was an ice-cream cone. The slight rasping of his tongue and the slipperiness of his saliva against me making me groan with passion. 

The bed shifted slightly as Liam's weight moved across it. Until now he'd been resting at the side of it, palming himself while watching Kalin and myself get off. Evidently he was no longer content at being a bystander. The head of his prick drooled precum as he trailed it down along Kal's back and around his ass. Liam moistened one finger in his own mouth, and then started pressing it against Kalin's asshole. What a sight that made, my 18 year old brother sucking my dick while having Liam's finger roughly pistonning in and out of his ass. 

My breaths were starting to come faster and faster as Kalin lightly touched that smooth sensitive skin around my cock and balls, and finally managing to take my entire length into his mouth and partway down his throat. The vibrations Kal's moan of pain and pleasure made along my shaft, from Liam pulling his fingers away and sharply impaling my little brother on his pole, nearly did me in. 

Kal was now taking me down his throat, the vibrations and contractions from his throat goading me closer and closer to the edge of my orgasm. One of his hands was braced against my hip to keep Liam's thrusts from making him gag on my cock. The other roamed freely about my body, tickling my sac, rubbing at my nipples, kneading at the flesh on my thighs. 

My moans and gasps were a near constant sound, punctuated by Kal's gasps and whimpers around my dick as Liam thrust as deep as he could. Liam's testicles were making a slapping sound against Kalin's thighs, a wet, slapping sound, as they were soaked in the sweat dripping from his and Kal's bodies. Since Liam had just cum so soon before, he was able to hold on for what seemed like forever, ravaging Kalin's young ass. With every stiff plunge, he was able to rub against Kalin's prostate, bringing Kal to the edge again and again. 

Kalin's eyes were closed, concentrating on giving and receiving pleasure, and I was squirming as Kalin managed to suck me off the best of any of our previous attempts when Liam erupted in a hoarse grunt, shooting his hot load deeply into Kal's passage. Just as his orgasm hit its peak, I started painting Kalin's tonsils with my hot cum. Kalin quickly joined us in shooting off, with a short couple of rubs on his hard aching cock. 

All three of us then collapsed in a hot, sticky pile of flesh and juices and waited for our breathing to come back to normal. Liam's hand lay against my stomach, lightly touching me there as he shared in the cum I'd just given Kalin. As they kissed, I let my hands roam their backs, content in being with these two wonderful guys, and no longer minding the idea of having to share with either of them. 

Slowly we made our way to the large walk-in shower, and took turns soaping and rinsing each other. We all managed to come again while under the hot, stinging spray. We towelled off, and finally headed back out to the living room to watch the movie we started earlier. 

Not long after we went back to the front room, Mikala came home. It looked as if she'd had a good night with her girlfriends, but I smugly thought that it couldn't have been anywhere near as good as the fun we three boys had had. The movie ended, and we all went upstairs to catch a few hours sleep before morning came. Actually, I wonder if Liam ever told Mikala what happened that night... or on those future nights when she went out with the girls...