 We're drunk, so very drunk. You more than me though. 

I jam my key into the lock and open my door; I practically fall into the room and lie laughing on the floor. You step over my head laughing too, and turn the light on. Now I'm grinning as I pull myself up and lock the door behind us, sealing us from the rest of the flat. Not like anyone else is awake at 4am, but these are student halls and anyone can just walk in, security is that shit.

I catch your eye as I walk over and take the drink you just poured me. Most of it is on the floor; I'm glad, even the little that made it into the glass will probably tip me over the edge, and I want to remember tonight. I deliberately let my fingers linger on yours as I take the drink, and then sink onto my office chair. My eyelids flutter with faux-drunkenness as I watch you drink messily from your own glass, still standing -- no, swaying -- in the centre of the room. I know exactly what I want Mike, do you want the same?

It made you nervous to go in those bars tonight didn't it? As soon as I knew you were visiting me I decided I had to rip you out of those mainstream clubs from back home and show you something a little different. Back home you're that 6ft guy in the bar that turns heads, but here you needed twice as much alcohol just to join me in the crowd. I looked after you though.

Time to test the waters; I put my glass down and awkwardly stand up, feigning effort. I begin to lift my t-shirt off, turning towards my wardrobe as I do; it gets tangled as I try to push my arms through, covering my head. I struggle, and then feel your fingers on the sides of my naked torso, and your body brushing up behind me. I freeze, my vision still obscured, and just let myself absorb your presence. You don't move, you simply let your fingers rest gently on my body.

They feel electric upon my skin, and I'm suddenly nervous with excitement as I comprehend that you share my own intentions for tonight. Here I am at 4am, standing in my crappy bedroom so close to four other students, with you holding my body; we can't pretend this isn't happening and I'm not going to let you back down. I lift the t-shirt from my head -- it wasn't stuck at all of course -- and let it fall to the ground. I watch the material crumple as it hits the floor; there's something so erotic about the situation, everything is turning me on. I raise my head up once again and feel your stubble on my neck as you kiss me gently beneath my ear. My ear lobe moves slightly as you continue down my neck to my shoulders, breathing upon my bare skin. This is mind-blowing. Your fingers follow my skin as I turn around to face you.

There's a split second where I look at your chiselled face, absorb your features, notice the slightly messed-up hair, and the faint smell of sweat from our night out. Normally I would have been alarmed by the aggressively hungry look in your eyes, but any sense of caution disappears when you kiss me. I say kiss, but it's more of a violation. This is the first time I've ever kissed a man, and you are not tender with me Mike. Instead our teeth clash together in a drunken tussle that culminates with you thrusting your tongue into my mouth, muffling any objections that I could potentially have been making. There are none, evidently.

You taste different and strange, the drinks making you seem alien though I imagine I taste exactly the same, and your lips are tougher than any others I've kissed before. The impact of having this man being so intimate with me ploughs through my drunken stupor and I am suddenly hard, my body wanting to burst out of my remaining clothes. My hands have made their way to your hips and are pushing you towards me, crotch pressing into my own; your hands are roaming over my entire torso and back, feeling my skin and rubbing me. They feel huge, I feel dwarfed in their grasp, and I also notice that I am looking up to him, just slightly, as we make out. Is this how it feels for the women he has had?

My thoughts are disrupted as Mike breaks our kiss and steps away to take his own shirt off; there is a moment of silence as he looks back at me and down at his own spectacular body. His muscles are defined, and he is plucked. I can see the first hint of pubic hair at the top of his branded boxers. His look suggests I should be appraising his body, which I realise I am. Even drunk his ego is dominant, and I realise he is used to being worshipped, much how I have in secret for the last few years. 

The alcohol has made me slightly cocky, and I choose not to offer any compliments apart from a smile as I close the distance between us again. I place my hands over his pectorals, and spread my fingers whilst rubbing his nipples. They harden, and I move my hands past his armpits and grasp his shoulder blades, pushing him into my body again. This time I ignore his lips and bite his neck, eliciting a growl. It's as if his masculinity is being challenged; he moves his head and locks onto my lips again, his hands holding my hips too firmly, and arches his back to tower over me and push me down. Once again he is dominant, and I love it.

His breathing quickens and his chest starts to press into mine with every gasp that he takes; a faint sheen of sweat has appeared that rubs off onto my own torso. I drop my hands to his ass, and for the first time I run one hand around between us and grab his crotch. In my mind I had always imagined this to be a sensual movement, but I am drunk and there is no finesse; I find a hard, indistinct mass that feels warm through the fabric of his jeans, though I'm not sure if I'm imagining that part. I grab at it, revealing my inexperience, but he is so wasted that it doesn't matter. He growls again as I hold him, pushing himself against my hand. Drink has made me brave, and I bring the other hand around and clumsily start to undo his belt. He continues to tear at my face, his hands also moving down to my backside, pulling each cheek apart and massaging them roughly. 

At last the strip of leather comes free and I grab the button that still holds his trousers up; undone, I pull down the zip and feel his jeans splay to each side, still held up by his hips. I am still working blind at this point, my face being assaulted by his mouth. I lay a hand flat against his stomach, and move down jarringly over muscle until I reach his underwear. I slip one finger, and then another, and then the rest underneath the waistband and feel the coarseness of his pubes. In my head I'm screaming that I should be in shock, for the first time I am putting my hand down another man's pants! But this seems a minor thought as lust compels me to continue. The tips of my fingers brush against skin and I realise that I have found his penis much sooner than I thought I would. I don't stop moving my hand though.

Further I reach into his crotch, and pass my fingers around the fleshy appendage that strains against the boxers that imprison it. My fingers meet as I encircle it completely, then lift it out into the air; Mike's kisses slow down as he feels me take it out and let it rise up to complete hardness. We break apart and both look down as it. Uncut, it is rough and stares back at me, his balls retracting slightly beneath. I look back up and find Mike looking at me with that self-assured grin of his; he is expecting things and I know that I am going to do them. Part of me wants to resist, and refuse this man what he has come to demand from his lovers, but I realise that I have chosen this night to happen. I wanted him, and now I have him. The entire situation has been manipulated by me, so that I can experience a man for the first time. With that thought, I regain my understanding that I am in control, not Mike, though he may think differently.

He steps back and falls drunkenly onto the bed, sitting with his legs apart having dropped his trousers to his ankles. There is something funny about this; here I am looking at my drunken friend, barely upright on my bed, with his cock and balls out, waiting for me to pleasure him. I grin, and sink to my knees in front of him.

Up close I don't really know what to make of his penis; his foreskin is pulled back, the head large and dark. Unlike his chest he is hairy, though keeps his pubes short. I realise I am examining it like a specimen, so take the base in my one hand and look up at his face. His lips are parted slightly, and moist from my own mouth only moments before. His eyes are fixated on my hand. Looking at his face, I gently pass it up to the tip of his cock and hold the head firmly. His eyes close and mouth opens further; I know that look, from having my own dick touched, and I realise how much pleasure I am giving to this man. I look down and place my mouth over the top of my closed fist, then slowly pull both down over his cock. I go slowly more for my own benefit, but it makes him groan slightly all the same. I feel my fingers pull over his skin and sense rather than feel his penis enter my mouth. Eventually it touches the roof of my mouth and I bring my tongue up to probe it. It is strange having a part of someone else inside my mouth, and for a moment I let it rest there, adjusting to the intrusion and feeling of being filled. Without thought I move my head and bring my mouth back off Mike's dick -- I've seen enough porn, it seemed instinctual. My fist pulls back up at the same time and I see his foreskin pull back up to his head, and then spring back again as I ball my hand around the tip of his dick. There, I've done it, sucked my first cock. I expected to feel different, somehow superior to before, or even dirty, but everything's the same. Mike's head has rolled back, his face relaxed, with his dick still in my hand. I want to do it again.

This time I keep my eyes open, and curl my fingers around his sweaty balls instead; I want to see his penis penetrate my mouth. I keep my lips slightly closed, and press them against the slit looking up at me; I open them to wrap around his head and let my teeth open even wider as it passes through. I feel the edge of his head and then the hardness of his shaft, and continue down his cock until I can feel him at the back of my mouth. I push a little further and feel the head brush my throat gently; he feels gigantic inside me. I hold my lips tightly around him, and push my tongue into a point to drag along the underside as I begin to back off his cock again. He leaves my mouth with a slight popping noise, and I smack my lips together again. He doesn't taste of anything, or maybe just a little sweaty, I'm not sure. His penis now has a wet sheen on it from my saliva, and I feel slightly proud that I've sucked him and haven't been disgusted. In fact, I like it.

Pleased, I begin to suck him again, experimenting with moving my hands along his shaft at the same time, pressing him further into my mouth, and lightly dragging my teeth along it; he groans, and his body twitches slightly. Small amounts of fluid leaks from him that I lick off with interest; it tastes of something, but I'm not quite sure what. I continue licking with big, exaggerated movements, and finish by quickly putting his entire length in my mouth. He groans loudly and opens his eyes for the first time in minutes; looking down at me I sense he wants something more. His hands push me away from his penis and I stand up in front of him. Still heavily intoxicated, he fumbles at my trousers and awkwardly pulls them down to my feet; without hesitation he grasps as my underwear and drags them down past my thighs. I am completely hard, I have been for far too long. He notices my cut penis with drunken interest, and goes to grab it, tugging on it slightly. Though rough it is still enjoyable, and reminds me of my own need for release. He seems uninterested though. He stops and pulls me onto the bed with both hands, once again gripping my hips how he first did. I lie in front of him on my back, and lift my right leg around so I am spread before his eyes, cock bulging. He positions himself on top of me with stilted motions, and kisses me roughly again whilst lowering his heavy body directly onto mine. I am pressed into the mattress while his arms prop him up over my head. Without thinking my legs lift up and come up to the sides of my chest, exposing myself completely to him. I'm not sure if he notices my position or not, but I feel exhilarated.

He seems to get tired of the kissing quickly, and sits back up on the backs of his legs, looking down at my body. I am still transfixed by his hard cock, but realise what he wants. With one hand I grasp him firmly and sit up, with the other hand I open my bedside drawer and find my bottle of lube. I release his dick and pump some of the slick liquid onto my fingers, coating them completely. With my one remaining arm I prop myself upright, my legs still spread and tucked up, resting on his thighs. I look at him and study his face while my other hand reaches between my legs, past my balls and touches my asshole. My back arches as I begin to finger my opening, pressing my digits into myself far too quickly in excitement. I can't help myself, I am in a guy's lap, fucking my own asshole while he looks down at me; he's hardly even touched me. 

The scene is obviously having an effect on Mike too as he grasps my head with both hands and delves into my mouth again, muffling my moans. My mind wanders and I compare myself to one of his women, making sure they're completely wet and ready for him; it occurs to me that he might be pretending that I am a female body he is about to fuck, instead of a near-enough copy of his own. I feel him leaning forward and I forget these thoughts.

My hand leaves my asshole and grasps his penis as I am pushed back onto the bed, with my legs up by my chest again. I feel confident touching him now, and coat the entire thing with the remaining lube. Mike moves his crotch down past my own and drunkenly pushes up against me. I can feel his cockhead brushing past my ass cheeks, and realise he is in no state to aim properly. He goes still and I reach down and bring the head against my asshole and leave it there, resting casually. I have time to relax my hole before he tries to push inside me. He slips and his cock slides down my ass; again, I don't even know if he's noticed or not. I reach forward and this time I guide his thrust into me. He breaks through and I gasp more out of shock than pain. This only seems to encourage him however as he moves his body up further and then grinds the rest of his cock into me. I try to relax but the pain is too much. My head comes forward and I bite his shoulder, turning my pain into an attack against him.

He literally couldn't give a shit. He pulls himself out of me, leaving only the head in, and then ploughs back into me, impaling me again on his manhood. The sensation is wild and again painful, but I don't have the time to think about anything by the massive intrusion in my asshole, and his body pressing down on me. I am stabbed. He is dominating me. 

I start to enjoy myself. I look down and can see his dick disappearing beneath my own cock and balls, which I realise are hard and tight. I reach down and grasp my own dick for the first time, with its familiarity and size. I begin to masturbate, my hand still slick from the lube. Mike has his eyes closed again, practically ignoring me; I look at him while I touch myself, with a weird sense of wanting to be caught getting off. It does not take long for me to reach climax. I want to savour it, and make it last for ages, but I am still slightly drunk and I am coming before I know it. It is intense and prolonged, the sensations in my ass making the explosion all the more powerful; my come splatters up my body and Mike's, covering my hand and sticking to my chest hair. For a few seconds I remain with my fist clutched around my dick, eyes glazed over, just feeling Mike pummel my opening, but then I develop a sense of clarity, and complete sobriety. I truly appreciate the act I am taking part in, and can feel Mike's penis entering and exiting me so intensely that I am immediately turned on again. I consider the fact that another human being -- an incredibly good-looking one -- is naked and inside me, using me to get himself to an orgasm. I feel sexy and in control; he is now the animalistic one, sweating and thrusting, and I am serene, underneath him, being pleasured to new heights.

My legs straighten and spread outwards, allowing him to completely enter me up to his balls; the further intrusion is still shocking, but enjoyable, and has an obvious effect on him. He thrusts quicker, skin slapping against mine, and groans loudly. I do not care if my flatmates hear him, this is his moment. With one final thrust he pulls from my asshole and kneels over me, grasping his dick with both hands. He tugs once, maybe twice, and come spews from his slit all over me. I am once again shocked; another man has just come over me, spilling his semen onto my skin. There is only a small amount, it isn't like porn; he didn't gush. There were perhaps three spurts and the rest dribbled over his fingers, but I was too busy concentrating on his face, watching his features contort and his mouth open. I think to myself that it was the only moment of the entire evening that he was truly vulnerable. He keels over on top of me and I am once again pressed into the bed, this time his entire weight on top of me. 

You're heavy Mike, but I'm enjoying it.