 I'd never been frigged in a shop doorway before and neither did I like it. Okay it was after dark but there were still people about, but Mick was adamant he couldn't hang on.

It was nice of course it was having this young guy eating you, but there was a time and a place: "If you could hang on and I will take you to my place" I suggested but it was like he was in a world of his own, on his knees wanking and sucking me like nobody's business.

Thing is I'd only met him an hour before as a result of an Internet exchange on the Gay Utopia chat room. True we had been in touch for about a month online and we had exchanged the usual like, well you know pictures and that.

He'd remarked several times how he loved the look of my cock, how'd would like to suck it and by the same token he had sent me his too, and especially of his tight ass which proved to be exact. You know sometimes blokes on the internet cheat and send you someone else's picture but there was no getting away from it, this tight ass I'd already felt was well and truly Mick's. 

I wanted his fuck and looked forward to it. We had discussed doing it in the car but I said it was a lot more comfortable at home.

"Well if you can wait, Pete?" he said. "But let me frig you first Huh? It as been a long time since I I have tasted cock."

I am glad I wasn't too old for him, we'd found out I was twenty years his senior but the idea of having a young ass was very impelling, especially an ass like his, I was having thoughts about his hole and being wedged tight inside, fucking it like hell. And he was only eighteen, and loved older me, saying they were3 much more mature and interesting.

So there I was perched in the doorway, facing in and Mick working on my cock, his fingers nails lightly scratching my balls, feeling so good I found myself compelled to take the risk of being caught by the police for indecent exposure let alone the rest.

The feel of his sucking was good, Loved the way he stretched back my foreskin every time he sucked me in, and then the feeling of his tongue wrapping around my knob as he blew me out . It was thankfully quiet, not a person to be seen, so I settled for him sucking me off because the way he was going it wouldn't be long.

"You want me to cum, Mick?"

He paused, looked up and with his mouth still half full of me grunted something about as long as I had some hard left for later.

I said he'd needn't be concerned about that, I had enough for him to stray the night, me imagining a night with this young guy and all that goes with it, nice tender young cock and balls, an ass to die for, and me licking him up,

So he went for it, I concentrated with the sensual feeling his busy mouth and tongue, not to mention his handful of my balls, all very busy giving me the full works, how good is that, this guy was really something and when I got him home I was going to fuck his ass numb, I was going to suck that cock inside out, sniff and taste him, have him sit on my face to really get the feel of him big time, so I'd still taste and smell him as I fucked him rigidly.

I felt the surge in my groin, his hand gripping my full erection tight as I shot my load into his mouth, he yelling, me telling him not to so much in case he attracted attention. Seeing my cum dripping from his mouth and down his chin, he looking up at me with wide eyes which closed every time he swallowed.

It was a dream of a cock suck, it was special and I was beginning to realise Mick was too, I would give him all my best when we got home, He was going t get a full ripe length of quality cock up his lovely ass when we got home. I showed him the way to where my car was parked then, when w e arrived ad got in, gave him a couple of tissues to clean himself up.

"Don't need it" he said licking the remaining moisture from around his mouth.

"You are a real sex pot aren't you" I said as he comforted himself, but before he was sat completely I slid my left hand underneath him and felt his ass cheeks one by one, he closed his eyes and groaned a little, said it was nice. I did it some more felt the crease of his ass, slipped my fingers down behind his jeans at the back and felt his warmth between those lovely tight round cheeks which felt so good.. I wanted to taste his hole, asked if I could tease it a bit and he said of course, it wasn't difficult even though he had his jeans on because he lifted himself in a position which gave me more assess and I soon found his opening, it felt good and I rimmed it a little to get the smell of him on my fingers, then I pulled my hand out of his trousers and stuck the well moistened stinky finger into my mouth, rimming it with my tongue to get the real taste of asshole. Then I was in a dream, his hand gently massaged my cock as I sucked my finger groaning that he was for me and lets get home so I could really give it too him big time.

I think I am really going to like that, Pete! He said still feeling my cock through my trousers. "I have never ever had one quite so big as yours, I hope you are not going to spit me"

I said I had a collection of anal vibrators at home ranging in different sizes, just to initiate him to the right size, "Mmm, that should be fun, will make a change from what my last lover put up there"

"What's that?" I asked.

"Well just let's say he was a vegetarian, Pete Huh?"

"Ouch!" I returned, "not so smooth as an anal vibrator job, they are made for it."

"Then lets gets home snappy like, I think I am going to love being all as for you."

"And I have got something really right for it, none of you carrots and cucumbers, whatever!" I chuckled.

"Don't forget the marrow" he added

And me thinking he may not be wide enough for me, I don't think there is a problem there, My main aim then was to get that ass home to my place and have it with him on all fours and bare backed, that would be a great start and there would be lots and lots of good fucking afterwards.

He aid he would be all ass for me and he wasn't kidding. He looked the tops on my red pile carpet and I was soon up there, after some vibrator initiation, enjoying his deep ass hole to the full, And the way he moved it to help me up inside, it was lovely and all added to the first glorious fucking with my new found guy.

And I was doing it automatically almost surprising myself, he had captured my imagination and changed my desires, me feeling I was hungry for that for the feel of his fuck which I still tasted in my mouth, the taste lurking like the scent of him was all a real turn on . I took him hard and felt good when he yelled fro me not to stop, I was fucking him for all I was worth and his ass was lovely and warm and tight for a perfect fuck. After we'd both reached a climax we lay there exhausted for a while, just occasionally catching each other's glance, his looking so passionate and fulfilled. 

"Was that alright?" I muttered finding his cock with my hand again and gently massaging. "Perfect" he replied moving his hips enjoying my massage. "Come, bend over my lap now, Mick" I suggested sitting on a chair, I think that gorgeous butt of yours deserves some pampering after giving me such a treat.

As he moved and lowered himself over my lap, wriggling to avoid the side bars of the arm-chair, but leaving himself open enough that I could enjoy, I moved one hand stretching his buttocks wide and with the other, felt his cock stiffening - me beginning to press my fist against his opening, moving around and around, Mick telling me to finger fuck it, his cock pulsing in my other hand, the feel of his heat so good - stretching his now well fucked hole inside, it was all so wondrous, like something I had never realised before him and me helping to work my fingers deeper inside me, then I felt a surge, like Mick was determined to go all the way, heaving his gorgeous young ass up and down as I gave both his cock and asshole the full works! me, pushing and drawing away in a thrusting motion, It was so much pleasure as I moved my fingers inside him to produce the most wonderful ass fuck.

There was no stopping him, like he had been waiting so long for this moment, now I wanted to get my throbbing cock , deep and complete, into him once more , he wanking me profusely underneath as I fucked and fucked his gaping ass. when the final surge came I came with him, his hands full of my cock cream, I pulled away from him and we both rolled over onto out backs once more, him rubbing his hand across my face, smothered in my own cum, licking it up, then me licking him, tasting that fresh fucked ass again, so good and so wonderfully charging that soon I wanted his fuck again and again until we fucked ourselves asleep.

I don't know how long I'd slept but when I awoke there was Mick sucking me again, me feeling his busy mouth sucking me, licking the pre-cum off its length and then gradually working his tongue down and down, then inside my crease, "now I need you on your hands and knees," he ordered and soon he was stretching my ass apart and pushing his cock up against my hole, this time he took the masculine role and I heard him sort of grunting like a tiger. I felt his ripe cock easily slide up inside me which was a real surprise because it had been a long time since Danny had fucked me, but just goes to show - once fucked always fucked - always ripe for more and so feeling Mick's well proportioned cock inside me was a thrill to behold. Then he stopped, still inside me, stretched his briefs he'd taken off before, and gagged me, I tasted the taste of cock again the taste and the scent of what I had recently enjoyed orally - then he hammered me rougher than before, letting his cock come out of me and then finding my hole and pushing it in again. I realised I was biting his soiled briefs between my teeth as he fucked me, It seemed to go on for a long time and I felt numb from feeling his hands slap my buttocks each time he thrust into me and his balls bounce against the back of my thighs.

By the time he'd finished and cum again we were both panting and at last he released the gag and told me I was a real fantastic fuck.

"Now suck the cock that has just fucked your hole, Pete" he ordered and it was a sheer delight, the feel and taste of us both inside my mouth, my taste buds having a party as I licked his pungent cum that still dribbled from his p-hole.

He told me to wank him as I enjoyed him, he helped me find the right jerking motion so that he could get the best sensitivity and feeling his still stiff warm cock in my hand was lovely and so soothing, all the time I was thinking as I sucked and realised just how it had been doing that inside me.

He must have fucked me about seven times that night - and certainly I had my fuck of him too - and I remember afterwards, feeling my self just how numb it all was, but there was such a wonderful feeling of pleasure as I found the lust to wank myself again in the bathroom over the edge of the bath.

Mick must have heard me because he appeared behind me, took my cock and frigged it like crazy until I was there.

"That's my job from now on," he said. And find I find you doing it again I shall be very cross and tan you over my knee. "In fact just to give you a taste of discipline I will do that right now, now bend over my knee and let me spank that ass. 

Bloody hell! It stung and he was really coming down on me, I felt the pain each time become more sore and I yelled at him to stop, Eventually he did and said let that be a lesson to you. And my ass stung for ages afterwards.

Yet it seemed right, that Mick was the partner I had been looking for be it unwittingly, in the next few weeks I was to enjoy much more of him, it was always fun to be with him and share his fantasies, I looked forward to it lasting forever...