 Mike was on the hunt tonight. It had been weeks since he got any action, but tonight was the night he'd get a piece of ass. He spotted a little something at the bar. His prey looked pretty young and a bit out of place. The young man looked like he was plucked right out of a magazine, he was slim and fit with a nice looking ass on him. Mike's mouth watered at the prospect. So he sauntered over and asked, "Enjoying the night?"

Bobby had recently found out his girlfriend had been cheating on him. She said he was too passive for her and she wanted someone that knew exactly what they wanted and how to get things done. Bobby later found out she was now with the rugged biker they'd seen now and then at the gym. He was just trying to forget about her and seeing what the night life had to offer until this other guy showed up.

"I dunno man, I'm just trying to clear my head," Bobby replied while scoping out the packed bar crowd. Mike saw a little opening and prodded it. It seemed Bobby had a lot to get off his chest so he let it out and explained to Mike what had been transpiring.

"That's tough man. Bitches will do that to ya. Treat'em real good and then they take ya for granted. Then they leave you for a dirty cock that'll treat them like a piece of trash that they really are," Mike said while taking a swig of his beer. Bobby, hearing that Mike compared his ex-girlfriend to trash, got a little angry. Seeing this, Bobby tried to defuse, "Whoa there, buddy! I didn't mean anything by it. Just sayin, you deserve better." Mike downed the rest of the beer and ordered another.

Bobby felt like he had enough of this jackass. He finished his drink and went to the restroom. Mike gazed upon his ass as he headed away. He quickly thought of a plan and put it into play. Bobby came back to the bar after relieving himself and told the bartender he wanted to cash out. The bartender replied, "Your buddy took care of it." Bobby annoyance lessened and asked for his credit card back but the bartender said he gave it to the friend he was with. Bobby now irate shot back, "That guy wasn't my friend! I don't even know his name!"

"Well he's right over there guy," The bartender said while pointing to Mike in a corner booth. Mike waved at them as Bobby made a beeline to him. 

"Can I have my card please," Bobby asked sternly. Mike chuckled, "Come Bobby, I ordered us one more round. It's on me. Just sit and relax buddy. Come on, I'll even introduce myself. My name is Mike. Sit down, sit down. Just one drink."

Bobby watched as Mike put his card by the drink. Feeling a little guilty since Mike paid for the drinks, he sat down. They were both facing the crowd as they picked up where they left off. They talked about past loves and losses. What they did for a living and before they knew it, they'd finished another 5 rounds over drinks. Little did Bobby know, Mike's alcohol tolerance was pretty high and Bobby was near ready to keel over.

"Hey Bobby, how you gettin home," Mike asked. Bobby slurred, "Im driving." Mike grinned and tried to sway Bobby to allow him to drive them home, but he wasn't having it. Mike out a hand on Bobby knee and pressed on, "Listen Buddy, you're in no condition to drive. I'll go pay our tab." But before Bobby could interject, Mike had already left. He tried to shake the haze and sober up. His senses were all a mess. He felt good because he was drunk and was in good company, but there was a voice trying to warn him. He thought, "Was this his plan? Was he trying to get me drunk to take advantage of me? But I'm not gay. And he mentioned about having a lot of sex with women. But did he actually mention women?"

Bobby felt strong hands lift him to stand up. Chucking Mike said, "Up ya go. Let's get outta here. They're gonna close up soon." and he proceeded to usher a stumbling Bobby out of the door. After taking a few steps, sirens blared in Bobby's head, "He' taking you home to fuck you! Stop you idiot!" So he stopped and braced himself on the building.

"I think I'm starting to sober up Mike. Thanks for the drinks but I think I'll just call an Uber," he slurred. Mike now starting to get impatient pinned Bobby against the wall and growled, "Listen here Bobby. I know your type. You bitch was right. You are too passive. You are too nice. You are too soft. And that makes you a bitch. You think I'd spend good money on worthless trash? No, Bobby. I like guys like you. Fresh meat. Guys like you like guys like me."

Mike got right by his ear and whispered, "Guys like you love to be fucked by guys like me. I can make you feel good Bobby. I can make you feel wanted and desired. And trust me, I desire you. Isn't that what you want?" No one's ever talked to Bobby that way before. His head swam in the feeling of being wanted. But then images flashed of him be fucked by another man started to freak him out.

"No! I'm not gay," Bobby whimpered as he tried to push off Mike but he didn't even budget. Mike licked the side of Bobby's neck and said, "You see. You know you want it. You barely tried to push me off." Mike reached down and found exactly what he wanted. Bobby's cock was rock hard, so he slowly stroked it through the fabric.

"There's a good boy. You like that don't you? I can take real good care of you Bobby," with that said, Mike grabbed him around the waist and walked off towards his apartment that was a block down. Bobby's head spun, "What was going on? Why was he going with him? But why does it feel so nice being held by Mike? Why is my dick so hard? Do I want to get fucked?" He looked at Mike who was now opening the door. Mike wasn't a bad looking guy. He had a rugged look to him. He could probably have fucked Bobby's ex if he'd met her.

It took no time for them to make it to Mike's bedroom where he flung Bobby onto the bed. Mike sternly ordered, "Strip." Bobby swam in the drunken haze and the feeling of being desired. He drunkenly tried to do as he was told while Mike shed his garments. Once again impatience was getting to Mike. He watched as Bobby rolled around trying to take off the clothes. Bobby managed to get the shirt off when Mike flipped him onto his stomach to help get his pants off. Free from the clothes, Bobby felt Mike's hot body press against him. The feeling of skin on skin was so erotic.

Mike couldn't wait to be inside this nice piece of ass. Bobby was bent over his bed while he started to rub not only his body but his hungry cock on him. Bobby moaned as he felt Mike's manhood graze over him. His inhibitions were basically gone. He just wanted to be loved and desired. Mike's hands roamed over Bobby's soft skin, running his cock up and down Bobby's ass. But no, he wanted to enjoy this. Again, Mike's strong hands lifted Bobby to his feet and proceed to kiss and lick Bobby's neck. They turned until they were facing a mirror. Mike whispered, "Look how beautiful you are. Tell me what you want Bobby." as his hand slid down Bobby's body until he felt his cock. Mike played with his toy as Bobby moaned, "Please. Do whatever you want. I don't care."

Mike grinned, "That's it. Give into it. You want to be my slut tonight." He spun and tossed Bobby back onto the bed, face down and commanded the slut not to move. Mike went to his dresser to grab condoms and lube. Bobby waited with unrelenting anticipation. He heard Mike prep for what was about to happen. His hand slyly went down and slowly stroked his aching cock.

Mike was ready. He gazed upon his prize for the night. A nice virgin fat ass waiting and willing to receive a good pounding for the night. His hand shot out and spanked Bobby's ass cheek.

"I didn't say you could pleasure yourself slut," Mike barked. Bobby instantly stopped, surprised and aroused. Mike enjoyed seeing the ass check jiggly after the strike. He groped and played with Bobby's juicy ass. Massaging them and then leaning forward to slide his cock over Bobby's waiting hole. Erotic electricity shot through Bobby when he felt it. Erotic lust built inside him, silently begging to be taken and desired.

Mike squirted some lube on his cock and over Bobby's man pussy. A moan escaped from his slut's lips. He was ready. Bobby slid his rod up and down a couple more before saying, "When you feel the pressure, just push out, and let my cock in slut. Take this cock like a champ and you can have it all night." Mike saw Bobby already starting to open up, this slut really wanted it. He guided the tip of his hard cock to Bobby's hole and then slowly started to push it in.

Mike could hear Bobby's groan while he tried to accept in the cock. Mike watched little by little his cock was disappearing into Bobby's ass. He pushed passed the sphincter and inch by inch, he felt the warmth of the insides of his new slut. A slut he gets to break in for the rest of the night.

"That's it baby. Take my cock. Good job," Mike cooed. Bobby felt a burning sensation as Mike slid into him. He was taken by another man. Whether or not he was gay he didn't care. He just wanted Mike to be filled with pleasure. Mike felt his pelvis go flush against Bobby's ass. He slid his arms under Bobby and grabbed his chest as if Bobby had tits. Mike slowly withdraw slightly as Bobby groaned under him. Mike started to gently pinch and massage Bobby's nipples. Then he slid in a little further this time. His cock was so warm being inside this delicious ass.

Mike slid out further and then pushed back in, feeling Bobby's ass push against him. He was in heaven as Bobby moaned. Mike slowly started to fuck his new slut. The satisfying thuds of Bobby's ass hitting against every thrust was intoxicating. As Mike humped away, Bobby lay under him, enjoying the sensation of his ass being used like his ex-girlfriend's pussy. He was liking being a slut. He was enjoying his time being fucked by another man. Bobby gripped as his lustful moans filled the bedroom. Again and again, Mike was now really pounding away. Bobby's ass had loosened up a bit but still so tight.

"Yes baby! Take that cock! You have a sweet ass boy," Mike yelled. He braced himself and gripped Bobby's hips. He started to really pound away because he was getting close. 

"Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah! Fuck! Yes!" screamed Bobby in reply of he thrust. Mike watched Bobby's ass jiggly every time he rammed in. It was too much. He kept hammering away as he climaxed. Bobby felt a slightly change of warmth in his ass. He knew Mike had came. He thought, "Good thing he's wearing a condom. No mess to clean up." Mike withdrew and collapsed on the bed next to Bobby, both guys panting.

Bobby rolled over, still half off the bed. He noticed that he came also. His cum was smeared all over his stomach. He looked and he saw they he'd made a mess on the bed. He looked at Mike who smiled and said, "Don't worry about it. It's gonna get messier. We're not done yet. Why don't you take a shower." And he pointed towards the bathroom. The former anal virgin gingerly did as he was told. Bobby could feel how open he was. He closed the door behind him and looked at himself in the mirror. His chest was reddish from Mike grabbing onto him. He also noticed his hips had the telltale marks of where Mike held on to pound away.

Bobby turned around and tried to look at his ass. His cheeks were pink from the pounding he took. But he felt satisfied. He felt good that Mike seemed satisfied. Bobby hadn't felt this way in a long time, feeling wanted. He hopped in the shower to clean his cum off of him. He reached under to touch his tender anus. It felt very sore. As he was about to be done, he heard the door open. Mike still naked, got in also. Mike immediately slid up behind Bobby. He held his now clean slut close to him and whispered in his ear, "Mmmm you did real good out there baby. So good, Daddy wants more."

Mike turned and pressed Bobby against the tiled wall. He kicked his fuck toy's legs apart and ran his hand up and down the crack of Bobby's ass. Bobby felt like butter better Mike and the wall. Mike had brought in the lube and prepped his now bare cock. His 2nd time was always better than the 1st. He put some more on his fingers and probed Bobby's ass. Bobby moaned as the fingers entered and twisted around in him. Mike withdraw and replace them with his hard cock. He slid right in, making Bobby push out a guttural groan.

No need for slow introductions, Mike new this bitch was ready for round 2 so he immediately started to hammer away. He loved hearing the wet slaps of skin on skin. He loved seeing Bobby's ass smack against him as he fucked that ass. With animalistic lust, Mike started to kiss and suck hard on Bobby's neck.

"Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!" was all Bobby could let out as he was being fucked. Mike growled, "Take it bitch. Take Daddy's cock. That's a good slut. Mmmmm, yeah." Being inside Bobby felt so good. He couldn't remember when he had such a good piece of ass. Surprisingly, he could feel it building up. He was almost ready to blow. But the he heard Bobby breathlessly say, "Yes. Please keep fucking me. Fuck my ass. Fuck it harder." That's all Mike needed to hear. He rammed his cock into Bobby's ass over and over again.

"Like that slut?! You like that?" he yelled over the wet thuds of the two fucking. Mike couldn't stand much more. With a last thrust, he exploded in Bobby. Bobby felt it. He felt the cum shoot into him. Another man had came in him, and he enjoyed it. As the two panted, Bobby could feel Mike go soft in him. Mike pulled out and quickly rinsed himself off. He turned Bobby towards the water and spread the freshly fucked ass cheeks. He watched as the water washed away the semen leaking from Bobby's ass. He admired his handy work. Mike gingerly slid his finger in and out to get the cum out. As he did that, he must have touched something because Bobby shook with an orgasm and shot his load. He convulsed as Mike tried to keep him standing.

Mike could tell Bobby was feeling a bit weak in the knees so he helped him out and they dried off. Mike told Bobby to get in bed with him and spend the night because tomorrow morning, he'd want another piece of that ass. Bobby smiled as Mike wrapped his arms around him. As they fell asleep, Mike thought, "I might keep this one around for a bit. He made me cum faster than any other cum slut."