 Note: This story has an almost entirely straight guy who is bribed by sexual favors from two women into having oral sex with a gay man. It's a sequel to the story "Hannah and Helen," but it's complete in and of itself. It's not necessary to read the earlier story.





"I still want to draw your dick when it's hard," the lovely dark-haired Hannah said to me the next day as we were standing in her bedroom, the walls of which were covered with her art work.

 Hannah was and is an art major at the local state university, and some of her paintings and drawings were of nudes—including a couple of self-portraits. And she had a separate spiral-bound notebook where she had her more erotic drawings, which sometimes featured finely done drawings of women with close-ups of their pussies, and a few male nudes with their soft penises on display.

 What she needed next for her collection and artistic development, she had decided, was a drawing of an erection done from life: mine. 

 Being technically still a virgin, and somewhat shy, the idea of showing Hannah my cock for a long drawing session still somehow gave me pause—even though just yesterday she had given me my first-ever blow job. In other words, she'd already had an up close and personal encounter with my erect penis.

 Including swallowing my cum.

 "We'll, maybe, as long as you don't show my face," I said eventually, not wanting to be recognized if I was to be part of her personal art gallery. "But only if I get to draw your...." 

 I still couldn't quite say the word, but she added it in for me.

 "Pussy?" Hannah said with a smile.

 "Sure," she added, without waiting for an answer, "And I'll even give you two views, just like Helen did yesterday—one with my legs together, and then with my legs spread so wide that you can draw my pussy lips, and the opening of my vagina."

 She looked at me closely as she said that last word, looking amused. And then she said it again slowly and with an even more pervy smile: "My va-gin-a."

 "Oh my god!" I said, laughing, "I can't believe you're talking like that!"

 "But you like it!" Hannah said, smiling and confident, "don't you?"

 "Your....pussy?" I finally was able to say, "Or when you talk dirty to me?"

 "Both!" Hannah said, laughing herself now. She could hardly have been more sexy and charming at that moment, even though she was just dressed in jeans and a t-shirt, and didn't have a bit of make-up on. She was a naturally sexy, slender, and yet curvy hippy chick and art student. 

 She also wasn't wearing a bra, and so the outlines of her breasts and nipples were visible through her white t-shirt, which was turning me on.

 "Well, I'm sure I would like—love—your pussy," I said, "But I haven't even seen you naked yet—except in your art—and even then I don't think you've ever done one that shows—" and, as I looked around her walls,indeed I saw Hannah's beautiful perky breasts in her art, but not her pussy. This confirmed to me that it was a good idea to keep my face out of it if I let her—and Helen, probably—draw my erect dick.

 And just then, Hannah's best friend Helen came back from the bathroom—the sound of the toilet flushing could still be heard in the background—and back into Hannah's bedroom.

 Compared to Helen, the dark-haired Hannah was somewhat shorter, thinner, and more ironic. Helen, in contrast, was a blond goddess—voluptuous, tall, and a bit dreamy. She was a performance and video artist who right now did weird feminist pieces involving storytelling and sex.

 Yesterday, when the three of us had been stoned, I'd become part of her latest piece, which was a video art work that was in progress about, as she explained to me, women's sexual pleasures—and more specifically her sexual pleasure and that of her women friends. 

 Helen intended to have a dozen little video screens in an upcoming art installation at the university gallery. The piece would show a confusing melange of fragments of video and audio clips of her and her friends having orgasms, as well as talking about their sexual experiences and pleasures.

 Part of the point of the piece, as Helen explained to me, is that there was too much focus on men's sexual pleasure in culture, and so her art piece was about women finding their own sexual satisfaction in different ways. It was no doubt influenced by some of her feminist professors, and while I found the piece a bit too weird and personal, I didn't disagree with the basic point of it at all.

 As I just mentioned, yesterday we'd been stoned, and Helen knew I had a crush not just on Hannah but on her—almost any guy would—and I was starring at the hints of her undies and pussy hair I could see through her very short cut off jeans. 

 To make a long story short, Helen had Hannah video tape us while I undressed Helen. And then—at Helen's request and with her directions—I licked and finger fucked her blond and wet pussy until she came. In fact, Helen came three times. 

 It was my first time ever to see in the flesh a pussy, and perform cunnilingus—and I was glad that it had gone as well as it did.

 And Helen's face, pinkish and smiling, and sometimes twisted with ecstasy, was captured on video—along with glimpses of me between her legs eating her out.

 After I'd pleasured her, I so wanted to lose my virginity by plunging my cock into Helen's wet cunt with its big pinkish lips, but Helen instead asked Hannah to give me a blow job, because she was so tired after all the orgasms.

 And so, to my surprise, shock, and pleasure, Hannah immediately sucked my cock until I came in her mouth—which didn't take long.

 Somehow even after having sex of different kinds with both Helen and Hannah, I was even less certain than I was before about what might be next. Was it possible I was going to have sex again with one or both of them? That seemed too good to be true. But the possibly seemed there, and whenever I thought about it I started to get hard.

 And, honestly, I could easily fall in love with either one of these contrasting but equally beautiful—in body and mind—women, even if they were also both rather twisted. 

 But, as we'd talked about last time when we were stoned, but before the sex had started, each of the gals had people other than me in mind that they were lusting after. Helen wanted to fuck one of her male professors again, and seemingly was maybe in love with him, while Hannah wanted to fuck and have relationships with Helen and/or her handsome step-brother Mike. 

 But Helen is straight and Mike is gay—and so Hannah's strange desire to get it on with either of them seemed close to impossible.

 Seemingly I was just taken on as almost a sexual assignment, perhaps almost a "pity" blow job, after going down on Helen as part of her strange performance art.

 Meanwhile, Mike was in fact lusting after me. But since I was seemingly completely straight, there seemed no hope there either.

 Except for the important fact that no one seemed to be deceiving anyone else about all this stuff, it seemed like a very tangled web indeed. 

 Anyway, Helen began things with a bang when she got back in the room, by saying: "So, Ben, have you been plotting the ways that you could convince Hannah to let you fuck her face again?"

 "What?!" I said, "No! And....that's not quite what happened...."

 I was a bit mortified, looking over at Hannah and thinking about when she was sucking on my dick the day before.

 "Well," Hannah said, "It started out like a pretty standard blow job, but then I said you could hold my head. And you did. And then at the end you basically fucked my face for a little while until you shot in my mouth."

 "I'm sorry, I....." I blushed and felt ashamed. I'd fucked Hannah's face? I guess, sort of, at the end, for about half a minute at most.

 "Don't apologize!" Hannah said, "It was hot! I didn't know you had that kind of lust for me in you—until you almost shot your load down my throat."

 "Oh my god!" I buried my head in my hands, still blushing, as I remembered holding Hannah's head gently but firmly and fucking her mouth quite fast.

 Hannah came over to me and put her arm around me, pressing her breasts against me, breathing in my ear while saying, "I liked it when you fucked my face! In fact, I want you to do it again!"

 "You do?" I said, looking up at her.

 "Yeah," she said, looking at me, "I came so hard fingering myself when you left right after. I wanted you to lick my pussy, but you just seemed so overwhelmed, and almost flled after I swallowed your load."

 "Do you want to fuck my mouth again?" she said, looking at me, and then opening her mouth wide as if to receive my cock, which in response rapidly started filing with blood.

 "Hold on you two!" Helen then said. Clearly she had something on her mind.

 "You haven't told Ben about Mike yet, have you?" Helen said.

 "No," Hannah said, pulling away from me, and suddenly looking a bit depressed and embarrassed herself.

 "What about Mike?" I said, "What's wrong?" 

 I was feeling genuinely a bit alarmed, because they were being so vague—and Mike could be a bit melodramatic and emotional.

 "Well," Hannah said, looking up at me again, "Mike's pretty depressed that I got to suck you off."

 "Oh my god," I said, "He knows already?"

 "Well," interjected Helen, "It's not as if we were being quiet—and when he was walking down the hall he said he heard us. And, once he asked—well, as you probably know, Hannah and Mike have about zero secrets from each other."

 "Yeah, that's about the size of it," Hannah said, looking dejected.

 "Why exactly is he depressed about it?" I said, clueless as usual, "I mean, I can see him being weirded out by it, but depressed....why?"

 "Because, dummy," Hannah said, "He's been wanting to suck your dick for about a year, and has dropped all sorts of hints to you about it, and then in five minutes I had your cock creaming in my mouth."

 "Oh," I said, looking down and finally getting it.

 "Well," I added, "I've never hidden from Mike that I'm straight. And so I don't see what I can do about it."

 "Have you ever considered something pretty easy, Ben," Helen said, almost exasperated: "Just let him suck your dick!"

 "What?!" I said, completely shocked. 

 "You're fucking kidding me!" I added, now getting a little angry.

 "No," Hannah added, "We're not kidding. And, in fact, we've both got something that we think will convince you to change your mind."

 "No way!" I said, "There's nothing you could give me that would make me let him suck my dick!"

 "Oh yeah," Hannah said, smiling a mischievously, "what about our....va-gin-as?"

 "What?" I said. 

 But that stopped me cold. But again, dense as usual, I hadn't quite figured out their truly twisted scheme.

 "Yeah, Ben," said Helen, in a newly seductive voice as she now sidled up to me, wrapping her arm around me and pressing a breast against my side.

 Helen also was wearing just jeans and a T-shirt (although with a bra), and also no make-up, but also looked sexy as hell.

 "Remember yesterday," Helen said, in her mock-innocent kittenish voice, whispering in my ear and tickling my cheek with her fingers, "When you were licking my pussy cat?"

 "Yeah," I said, laughing, and yet a little uncomfortable, but getting turned on yet again as I stood there. I was quickly getting hard from her voice, her breath on my face, her breast pressing against me, and the memory of my close encounter with her wet, sweet, musky, lippy, blond-haired cunt.

 "Remember how much you wanted to fuck my pussy cat?"

 "Yeah," I said breathlessly, and at this Helen slowly reached down and felt and massaged my now almost hard penis through my pants with her left hand.

 She rubbed very slowly up and down my shaft, feeling it grow and stiffen the rest of the way. Then she gently squeezed it.

 "Ahhh," I said, unable to contain myself. A few minutes of this and I would literally cream in my jeans.

 "Well, you can stick your hard cock all the way in me, deep inside my wet pussy, and fuck me hard. Would you like that?"

 "Yes!" I laughed, "Ahhh."

 On a roll, she added, "You know, it might take a few times a day to really satisfy you—don't you think?" She said in her still girlish voice, almost pouting.

 "Ahhh, yes, fuuuck—please stop touching my dick!" I laughed and pulled myself away from her. 

 It was pleasure and torture at the same time.

 Hannah looked amused and impressed at what Helen had just done to me.

 "You're both totally crazy!" I said, a little desperate, because I really meant it.

 They both looked at me, smiled, laughed, and said almost at the same time: "Of course we are!" And then broke into more fits of laughter.

 And they weren't even stoned. At least not yet.

 "So you're just joking, right?" I asked, still not believed their wicked plan. 

 "No, we're not joking. Not really," Hannah added, suddenly serious. "I probably would have let you fuck me at some point anyway, because you're so desperate to lose your virginity, and I do think you're kinda cute. And, I am pretty horny almost all the time. And, when you come down to it, I'll probably fuck almost anyone I really like at least once. But when Helen came up this this idea, I thought it was so good it seemed worth doing for Mike."

 "Shit!" I said, "I really don't want to think about all this. Can we just get stoned and drunk and play cards or music or something?"

 ****

 And so we settled down in Hannah's room with her bong, and with a bottle of good white wine that we'd swiped from the wine cabinet of her parents. They were both doctors and worked crazy hours and seemed rarely to be in their big house. For the next few days, in fact, the doctors wouldn't be there at all, because they were both out of town at the same medical conference.

 Hannah's parents trusted us almost completely, which as you can tell was probably a mistake. 

 Although I think they may have calculated that it was better for us to be in their house drinking wine and getting stoned, rather than doing that somewhere else and driving.

 In any case, I finally asked, blowing out the smoke from my second bong hit: "Hey, where is Mike today anyway?"

 Before this, in fact, I had always come over to Mike and Hannah's house to hang out with him, although I sometimes ended up hanging out with Hannah, Helen, and whoever else was around.

 But this time Hannah herself had invited me over.

 Hannah raised her eyebrows at me significantly, and said, "He didn't want to be in the house with us, in case we got kinky again. He couldn't stand it. He's over with Jeremy—and they are no doubt talking gay talk, and probably lots mean shit about you."

 (You might possibly be wondering, if Jeremy and Mike were both gay, why they didn't get together. But the answer is simple—although both gay, and good friends, they simply weren't attracted to each other that way.)

 "Fuuuck!" I said, and then took a long swallow of that good white wine.

 "Yep," said Hannah, "That's what Mike wants you to do to him."

 "Oh my god!" I said, both serious and laughing at the same time. 

 But suddenly the pot and the wine hit me simultaneously, and everything seemed both amusing and amazing to me.

 I'd had just the right amount—one glass of wine and two hits of pot, and so I was in the zone of the perfect balance of tipsy and high—without being too out of it.

 It was a nice combo, and I realized I was with two of my favorite people in the whole world as the warm glow surrounded me.

 Life was good: Two totally hot gals were getting high with me—and just yesterdays I'd licked the blond one's pussy, and then the brunette one had sucked my cock.

 I couldn't help myself from smiling in a rather silly way as I looked back and forth between them, admiring their casual hippy-like beauty.

 "Hey—look at Ben!" Hannah said, giggling at how happy I looked.

 She added, "Nice to see you smiling again buddy—but what are you thinking about that's making you smile in that ridiculous way?"

 Our conversation was slightly weird now that we were all a little tipsy and a bit high.

 "Well," I said, trying to make my smile not look ridiculous, which only made me laugh a little, "I was looking at you two beautiful women and thinking of yesterday." 

 I then couldn't stop myself from giggling a little. 

 "Oh—you are in your happy place!" Hannah said, laughing too.

 And then Hannah added, "And so you're thinking of Helen's beautiful cunt—and about me sucking you off at the same time?!"

 I laughed, blushed, and looked down—showing that what she said was true.

 "Hey, do you think he'd do it for us now?" Helen whispered, even though I could totally hear every word she said, "he's in such a good mood."

 "Yeah," Hannah whispered back, "now's the time."

 Then Hannah added in a more regular voice to me, "Ben, do us a favor?"

 "Sure!" I said. I was happy to get them some food or anything. I was just getting major munchies myself.

 "Great!" Hannah said, "Thanks. Just stand up right here, and then take off all your clothes so that we can draw your dick."

 "Oh shit!" I said, laughing, "I just fell right into that!"

 "Yes, you did!" Helen said, adding "Come on, big guy, let's get you up ."

 They then both got up, and then they both pulled me up from my cross-legged position.

 I was laughing and semi limp in their hands, passively resisting a little—but it didn't stop them.

 Soon Hannah and Helen were unbuttoning my paisley shirt and taking it off. Then they were undoing my belt, and unbuttoning my black jeans and pulling them down.

 I stepped out of my jeans, and was now almost nude—except for my black underwear with my package of filling it out.

 But, for some reason, even with all the stimulation of various kinds, I wasn't actually hard at that moment. I had a semi, but....

 Meanwhile, Hannah and Helen were for a little while ignoring me as they got out their drawing pads and pencils. They's also moved the two padded chairs in the room closer, to positions on either side of me, and then sat on them getting ready to draw.

 We had suddenly gone from a sitting-on-the carpet stoner session, to a little life art class.

 It was clear that they'd planned all this out. I knew now this was, in fact, why they had invited me over in the first place. 

 "I don't think this is such a good idea...." I said, tentatively, still smiling, but feeling anxious about showing them my cock—even though both of them had seen it yesterday.

 "Nonsense. It's the perfect time," Helen said, as she now got out her phone and turned it on video, focusing in on a crotch-level closeup of my package in my undies.

 Clearly my cock was going to be part of her video art.

 "OK," Helen said, "On the count of three backwards, please very slowly take down your underwear and show us your penis. And then take take your underwear all the way off. And then just stand there as still as you can."

 "But," I tried to explain, knowing from their repeatedly mentioning it that they wanted to draw an erection, "I'm not...hard."

 Helen said, matter-of-factly, "Doesn't matter. We're doing this. Three. Two. One. Rolling."

 And then Helen pointed at me silently, and nodded, to indicate "action."

 Shit. How did I get into this fucking situation, I thought to myself. But I decided at this point I'd better try to follow her directions. 

 And so, I first pulled the elastic out slightly with both hands, and then very slowly lowered my underwear. 

 This revealed first the base of my white little snake of my semi-firm cock.

 And then, as I lowered the underwear—perhaps not slowly enough for Helen's directions—the rest of my circumcised cock was revealed, including my large and slightly purplish and red cock head.
