 The steady hum of the aeroplane's engine was soothing as I settled under my blanket and shut my eyes in that semi relaxed state before sleep.

The lights had been lowered for the passengers to settle for the eleven hour flight and apart from the odd flicker of the in-flight DVD players on the back of seats, all was very peaceful and quiet. 

This was the start of a new beginning for me. I had just landed a top job with a new company and secured a new apartment.

I was having two weeks leave before I started, to get used to my new surroundings. My gear had been sent on ahead so all I had to do was move into the apartment and arrange my belongings. Maybe buy a few new items but then, it was sun, sea and sand and, smiling to myself, maybe a little sex too if I was lucky.

I must have drifted off awhile and was then awoken by air turbulence. I found I had shifted in my sleep and sprawled over on to the guy in the next seat. My head was resting on his muscular, toned chest and his chin was resting on my head. I could smell his expensive cologne, a sporty, ocean sea fragrance and very pleasant. I was a little alarmed he might be annoyed.

I flattened my hand to his chest ready to move away, but his voice suddenly spoke, softly, "No, stay. I like it."

His voice was strong, masculine and I could feel the vibrations of his voice carry through his chest to my resting ear. It felt nice, sexy, soothing and I felt the first quivers of attraction. I stilled and wondered, "What now?" 

He stroked my hair and gently placed loose strands behind my ear, with a gentle, "mmmm."

He then caressed my hair, twirling it between his fingers and I lent into him a little more, letting him know, I liked it, I liked it very much. Who wouldn't like their head and hair caressed. It was so relaxing and sensual.

He pulled it a little to move my head closer to his shoulder, so he could talk to me better.

"You like me don't you?" He whispered, "I saw you looking earlier, wanting to get to know me better, but I think you are shy." 

He was right, I was. I nodded and he chuckled. 

"Well I like you a lot too. I want you to show me that you like me." 

He moved his hand to mine under the blanket, hidden from view, hidden from any possible prying eyes of the sleeping passengers nearby. 

"Do you know what I mean?" He lifted my hand and placed it boldly on his crotch. My breath caught. I should be offended, but strangely, I was not offended at all. In fact I was quite excited by his bold arrogance. 

I could feel he was hard already and impressively big. I ground my hand on his covered member, feeling him on top of his trousers. Then, I stretched out my hand, five digits, stiff and spread out, pushing my palm out and rubbed along his length. My inner hand was sensitive and his hardness quite pleasant as I moved up and down him.

"Like this," I whispered, feeling very naughty, touching a stranger I had barely spoken to.

I could feel my body respond to the situation, and to him. I was hot, flushed and a dampness seeped into my underwear. 

"That's it, exactly like that. Now unzip me, take me out." His voice was authoritative and commanding. He was obviously a man, used to taking control.

I followed his instruction and slowly took the zip down, pushing my hand inside, feeling his hardness and pulling him out carefully, making sure he didn't get caught on his fly. I began to stroke him gently. He was silky smooth, warm and circumcised.

"Mmmmm." He groaned and panted a little between his words, "That feels so good. Now suck me, Oh, and you should know, I have an ass fetish and I like yours very much." He leaned closer to my ear, "And I looked at yours several times in the Airport Lounge."

My heart pounded, at his words. I moved my head under the blanket. I felt him spread the blanket over both of us, totally covering my body except for my ankles, and then, covering himself to his chest. Our movements were hidden from sight.

I felt the heat from his body and my face flushed as I moved to suckle him. His scent was intoxicating. I continued to stroke him and put his crown to my lips and kissed him.

He was wet, oozing precum and I tasted him, rolling his seepage on my tongue. I began to lick his head, cupping his balls and massaging him.

I licked his ridges and full length from his balls to his tip and back again. My tongue was eager and I ensured every part of his rod received attention. I found his tiny opening and rimmed him enjoying his reaction as he stiffened and circled his hips.  

His one hand pushed into my waist band, his arm fully out stretched, testing to see how far he could reach.

Then I felt him, withdraw his hand and then return to smother something cool and greasy into the valley of my bottom. 

"His ass fetish!" I thought and mused if the greasiness was butter, from the meal we'd had earlier, but quickly forgot the thought as I felt him rim my anal star with his finger, spreading the lubrication and dipping in slightly. 

His probing finger was very exciting and again I felt my underwear dampen in excitement. He pushed a finger inside me and I gasped at the sudden invasion. 

Pleasure shot throughout my body as he started to move his finger in, then out and small circular twists inside my anal passage. The movements were slow, sensuous and repeated. I moaned on his cock as he continued to stimulate and build my sexual craving. 

"Wicked on the plane like this, isn't it?" He said softly so only I could hear him, not really expecting an answer. 

His other hand moved underneath the blanket pushing my head fully on his erection. He was so big I nearly gagged, but soon managed to adjust and get into the rhythm, directed by his guidance.

There was no doubt, this man was a vibrant, handsome and fit alpha male who took care of his body, physically and hygienically. He knew what he liked and was confident enough to make it known both verbally and with his body actions. This inner confidence fed my attraction to him. 

He fucked my head and finger fucked my ass, soon followed by another finger entering my body. He felt wonderful and was soon moving my ass to match a rhythm to that of my mouth.

The damp patch on my underwear was ever growing. I was very excited and started to ache with an increasing need.

I was enjoying our naughty, wicked liaison when suddenly his fist clenched on my head, pulling and bunching my hair with it, forcing me to stop. I felt the pleasant tightness as he squeezed my hair, pulling at the roots on my scalp.

He slowly pulled me up to his shoulder again and I could hear his ragged breathing and saw his chest rose in quick small pants.

"Are you in the Mile high club?" He asked

I shook my head, smiling at the thought. It would be a first time experience for me.

"Well, you will be soon. Go to the restroom. Take your underwear down and wait for me. I will knock 5 times, 2 quick knocks, then 3 quick knocks."

I nodded and quickly fixed my clothing, ready for the short walk there.

"Wait," he commanded, "You will need these." He pushed three small foiled rectangle butters into my hand.

"I just want your ass. I love anal sex. Make sure you are prepared for me." He smiled at me, and my tummy flipped over. "I am going to fuck that beautiful ass of yours hard. Now go."

His words heightened my excitement and the anticipation of what this handsome big man was going to do to me. 

I could barely contain my excitement. My body was flushed and excited like never before. The dampness between my legs confirmed his skilled physical and verbal stimulations. 

I could still feel and hear those words he whispered to me, "Are you in the Mile High club?" "Well you will be soon" 

I reached the restroom and entered it, quickly sliding the lock in place to register, "Engaged." The space was restricted but would just about hold the two of us. 

I looked at myself in the mirror. My face was flushed, my eyes were sparkling and I could see the wicked, excited gleam in them.

I watched myself in the mirror as I downed my lower clothing and fondled the cheeks of my ass. The cool air teased my nakedness and was enhanced by reruns of me,sucking on my stranger's cock and his sweet ass caresses back in the seated fuselage. 

My mind replayed his sexy, deep, manly voice, "I have an ass fetish" 

Delightful shivers ran down my spine at the thought and my anticipation built.

I unwrapped the butter and smeared it in between my buttocks, spreading the grease around my special star and fingered myself. The sensation was exquisite. My anticipation climbed higher still as I touched myself but resisted the urge to do more.

The door was suddenly knocked, 2 quick knocks followed by a further 3.

My heart thumped in my chest. My stomach tightened and my breath was shaky.

I unlocked the door and he entered the restricted space. 

He turned me round and grabbed my hair again, forcing me to look at him in the mirror. 

"Watch me in the mirror," he commanded holding my gaze. 

I put my hands on the wall, my naked bottom slightly pushed out. He ground against me. His bulging cock was evident in his trousers. 

"I don't make love, I fuck" He warned, as if asking for my consent.

I nodded. 

He reached down, brushing my buttocks and released his hardened staff and then guided it to my star. He covered my hands with his, trapping me in place.

He ground more, teasing, circling and probing my entrance with his tip. All the time, he held eye contact with me. 

"Nothing else interests me, just your ass." He whispered, nuzzling my ear and hair. "I like talking dirty in your ear." 

I nodded again.

He smiled and muttered, "Good, very good," and with that he gave one big thrust, entering me hard, and catapulting me into the exclusive membership of "The Mile High Club"

He filled me totally and I gasped and groaned at his size and girth as he stretched me and held there a moment. I clenched my ass on his embedded cock and he smiled approval at me and began to circle his hips, making sure I felt every inch of his cock buried in my body.

He leaned into my ear, keeping that eye contact in the mirror. "You like my cock in you. Don't you?" 

I nodded. He seemed pleased by my silent answers.

"You like the feel of it stretching your tight little ass?" 

I nodded.

"You like offering yourself to me don't you?"

I nodded.

"Are you my sexy little ass whore?" 

I nodded.

"And my little whore, likes to be fucked there." 

I nodded.

"Good. Touch yourself." 

I pulled my hand from underneath his on the wall, and reached between my legs.

"Let me hear you groan." 

I caressed and fondled and rubbed rhythmically, up and down, slowly, sensuously, and groaned softly for him.

"Good," He pulled my hair tighter. He smiled at me. "How turned on are you right now?"

"200%" I whispered without hesitation.

"I think being my sex toy, excites you." 

I nodded again, my eyes blazed with desire.

"Good, you excite me. You please me," He nuzzled and I felt his growth beard gently scrape my facial cheek.

"Push your ass into me." 

I did as he asked and he moaned, still circling and grinding softly.

"Tell me what you want?" He demanded.

I locked eyes with his in the mirror, "I want you, I want you to fuck me."

"Again,Louder" He instructed.

"I want you to fuck me." I raised my voice a little louder this time, in my answer to him.

"Ask nicely." He ground into me more, and my breath became shaky, shallow pants.

"Fuck me. Fuck your little Ass Whore, Fuck me, please," I am excited and impatient now and he knew it. 

He smiled, and withdrew, leaving just the crown of his penis resting in my anal cavity and then entered me again in a forceful thrust,"Like this?" He growled.

"Yes." I gasped again at his size.

"Keep touching yourself," he demanded and moved my free hand on the wall a little more central to my body, but still allowing for that eye contact. He took hold of my waist, his fingers gripped me strongly, just above my hips and he began to fuck.

He maintained a slow steady rhythm at first, enjoying my body, enjoying my ass. My fresh, tight and buttery cavity thrilled him as he slid in and out. He moved in smooth, strong and determined strokes.

And then he started to move faster, taking his pleasure in my body. I responded, saw the male , lusty desire in the mirror.

A sight framed there, that will, forever be imprinted in my mind. My guilty pleasure in those quiet "me moments" alone. 

My body was on fire and I thrust back for him to take me as deep as he wanted. I rocked to his rhythm and he took me harder still.

I was hot, flushed and seeped my own wet pleasure at the anal sensation and self touching. I moaned and grunted a little as he reached deep inside me, physically and emotionally, awakening my deep sexual spirit within.

He began to groan and growl as his pleasure built. His primitive need was taking over, losing control in our moment. He was in total,lusty fuck mode now, banging his hips into my buttocks.

My cheeks wobbled and slapped against him with the intensity of his thrusts. His claiming of me was deep and primitive. My excitement rocketed as he took and invaded, and I maintained a steady rubbing rhythm at the same time. My hand expertly self pleasured, turning my desire just as greedy and selfish as the man behind me.

I felt my orgasm build, it was going to be intense. I felt him stiffen and his rhythm changed. I knew he was close, teetering on that amazing precipice of total sexual release. 

And then, and then, he toppled into it. The sight in the mirror so special as his hand moved to my throat and neck, and squeezed a little tight. 

He growled and pulled at my hair with his free hand before, withdrawing from me and spurting his excitement all over my cheeks.

It was all too much and I exploded too. 

My legs weakened and shook and I groaned with him. My release was as intense as his. He held me, gripping my throat and hair, as much for his balance as mine. Both of us were breathing harsh and ragged.

As his jerking body, finally returned to normality, he reached down and massaged his semen into my bottom cheeks, fondling each buttock. His movements were slow and purposeful, taking his enjoyment of my toned cheeks to fulfill his fetish.

"That was a beautiful moment." He whispered as he felt my butt. "I do like sexy asses," he chuckled, "and yours is certainly in that category."

I smiled back at him, "I'm glad," I murmured back. 

He put himself away and fastened his clothing back up and I began to fix myself too.

He stroked his knuckles on my cheek, "Who knows, we may get the same flight back." 

I grinned back at him, "You never know."

"Meet you back at the seats, I think we may both sleep the night away now," and with that he was gone.

Alone in the toilet, I washed and cleaned myself up. 

My underwear was still wet with my pleasure. I smiled to myself in the mirror, "The Mile High Club, who would have thought?" and a satisfied and pleased giggle escaped my lips.

I returned to my seat and saw he had already settled. I got comfy in my seat and soon my eyes shut as I drifted into a very satisfied sleep. 

I awoke to the rattling of the cabin crew going about their business and the Captain informing us the aeroplane would be landing soon.

My special stranger, smiled at me. "I saved you breakfast and an orange juice. I thought you may need the rest" 

"I did," I smiled back. I stretched and then ate and sipped my fruit juice. By the time I had washed and cleaned my teeth, we were fastening our seat belts ready to land.

We were soon sorting our baggage from the overhead lockers and passengers had stood up getting ready to leave.

"Wait," My stranger called as I was pushed slowly along the aisle by other passengers, "My card, you know, if you ever," he grinned at me. 

I reached out and took it, "Sure, if I ever"

I glanced at it briefly, noting the deep crimson colour and corner logo of a blue Capital letter J. On the other side was the front image of an expensive white sports car on a blue and black background with his name and number emblazoned across it.

He seemed to be some sort of designer for the company. 

"I'm Julian." He told me his name, "And yours?"

"Nigel," I answered and then was swept away into the bustling, exiting crowd.

Julian lent back in the seat for a moment, waiting for the right moment and the room in the gaggle of busy passengers to collect his own belongings.

He shut his eyes briefly, thinking of that moment in the toilet cubicle.

"Nigel, Nigel, nice name, mmmm, that man had one very, very, sexy ass indeed. Were they ever destined to meet again?" 

Then the moment was disturbed and he too, got ready to leave.

THE END