 It was a hot and humid summer and the club was packed on a Saturday night which was great for business and of course, a chance for the late night fun that might find its way to me. No such luck as the hot shirtless guys was sweating and dancing, downing shots or sipping their cocktails and beers. I went outside because I felt the heat inside a small dark cramped club and the music wasn't hitting my nerves.

When I got outside, it was so free and felt a welcome relief. Despite the humidity, the fresh air was a lot better than the confined air. Cars bustled about and people walked, stumbled, or leaning on their friends for support. It was amusing and a few of them were cute too. There was one guy though that got my attention and he kept pacing back and forth.

He appeared to be about early to mid-twenties but I pegged him for 22 or so. I watched the way he walked and studied his facial expressions. It was evident that he did have a few drinks as any healthy male on a Saturday night would yet he didn't appear to be plastered like the previous guys I saw minutes earlier. I knew I had to ask if he needed help as he was staring at something in his hand and looking around.

"Hey, are you alright?" I asked.

The blond guy looked towards me and had blue eyes, soft white complexion and a slim build. He must've been about six feet tall.

"Yeah, I was out partying with my buddies and I can't find the hotel we checked into."

Then he showed me what he was looking at in his hand. It was a hotel key which looked more like a credit card with a metallic strip on the back. There was a name of the hotel called the Ohana Resorts. The only issue was that this was a local chain and that there were a few of them in Waikiki. I grew up in Waikiki and knew where each of them were.

"Are your friends at the hotel?"

"No, they are out at another club. I don't think they're going back anytime soon either." he shrugged.

Looking at my watch, it was close to 2am and by then; the smaller bars were closing and the patrons were gathering to the 4am clubs.

"Do you remember what your hotel looks like? I mean the entrance, did it face the street or was it a side street." I asked.

He was trying to figure it out too and looked at the key again.

"I think it faced the main strip and there were steps to get up there."

I kind of had an idea which hotel he was referring to but at the same time, he was very handsome and seemed very nice and I was enjoying the verbal exchange. I also wasn't sure if he was straight or gay. If he was gay, I hadn't seen him at the club I was working at and he might have come from one of the 2am bars. Regardless, I still didn't want to see him staggering about lost and at night. 

"I grew up here so I might have a general idea of where you are staying." I offered.

"Oh yeah? You a local?" he asked.

"Lived here all my life."

"Oh that's cool, man."

This time, we stopped and were sitting on the side of the plants that held a small palm tree. He seemed a bit worn out from the walking and taking a breather appealed to him.

"The beer kicked my ass at 'Moose's' so I kinda left but forgot to ask for directions to my hotel. 

"Ah, military. That's cool."

He smiled.

"Guess the bar gave it away."

"Yeah, it did."

Moose's was a bar that was often frequented by military guys and a place to get a good beer. 

"How about you? Did you party out too?"

I don't drink but still like to hang out after working.

"Yeah, I work around the corner. A gay club."

He smiled. 

"Oh cool. Yeah I figured it was since there was a lot of guys going up the steps."

I couldn't believe how non-chalant I was about revealing my own sexuality to a complete stranger. But I felt a feeling that he seemed cool with me being gay and didn't flinch when I mentioned the word.

"Yeah, we have some gay bars in San Diego where a few of my friends hang out at but they gotta be careful."

This was still during the days of the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" era and it was refreshing that he seemed concerned about them. I looked over and saw his short sleeve gray button shirt was a little higher around his right arm facing me. Then I saw the USMC tattoo on his upper arm and I felt I was going to be home free.

"Devil dog huh?" I laughed, pointing to his tattoo.

"Oh you know it?" he asked, if almost innocent.

He lifted it up to reveal the entire tattoo that consisted of the symbol of the military branch as well as a bulldog in a dog leash and spiked chain color.

"Yeah, one of my best friends is stationed at K-Bay". 

"Oh cool."

Then I realized that I was taking some of his time from him to find out his hotel. 

"I think we should get back to finding your hotel." I suggested.

Then I went to look at the key in his hand. I didn't feel any hesitation to grab it after our friendly chat.

"There is a telephone number on it. It's in the 'tiny print'." 

We both laughed.

"It's a toll-free number." I looked carefully to make sure it was a 1-800 number.

"You got a cell on you?" I asked.

"Yeah, right here." he reached to the side of his pocket.

This was the days of when Motorola was still the top of the line. It was black and he held it to me.

"I'll read you the numbers and you can call them."

"Ok thanks man."

He started to enter the numbers after I was making out each number. It was not easy to read it clearly given it was nighttime and the only light was from the outside of a boutique behind us.

"I got someone on the line." he asked.

They talked for a bit but he seemed to be confused by what the other person was saying so he told the person to hang on and handed me the phone.

"Hey, can you talk to her, please? I think you can figure out where she is describing."

"Sure." I smiled, taking the phone.

After a few introductory exchanges, I then got the address of his hotel and it was his luck his hotel was just around the corner. 

"Thanks and have a good night." I told the friendly woman who answered the phone.

"I know where you're staying. It's right around there." pointing to the tall building behind us.

We both laughed at the irony that he was close by and not realizing it.

"I'll walk you over." I offered.

"Thanks."

I felt very comfortable with him and didn't walk to fast but stayed in pace with his.

We finally reached the entrance and I thought this would be the end of our meeting and was ready to extend my hand to shake his.

"Hey, you wanna come up and chill for a bit?"

I wasn't about to say no but didn't want to be appear too eager either.

"Yeah that would be nice."

We both entered into the lobby walking past the front desk and possibly the lady who answered the phone. She was also on the phone as well and staring in front of her computer.

"Good night." she replied as we got into the elevator.

Soon, we reached the seventh floor and walked down to the end of the hotel. He slowly used the key to open it and finally we were inside.

It was nice and it was a suite. I was impressed but didn't let on.

He then led me to the balcony that faced the mountains and the fresh breezy air greeted us.

"Man, that feels so nice." he replied taking off his button shirt revealing a nice smooth chest and his tattoos. He sported a few.

I didn't know what got the best of me, his hot body I was now seeing or his relaxed personality. I then reached over and started to massage his shoulders. He didn't pull away but instead, moved closer and lowering his head forward.

''Oh, that feels good. Been working like crazy all week and my shoulders are tight."

I couldn't help but smile hearing the word tight.

I used deep pressure and worked around his neck and then his shoulders and back. He was quiet, his eyes closed and still standing. His back was faced to me and he wore light blue jeans. I wasn't going to rip them off just yet so I continued working his shoulders.

He finally spoke as I was moving all along his back.

"I gotta lie down."

He walked over to the bed and without needing any invitation, I joined him.

I'm not sure what happened but before long, I was straddling on his ass while working his arms, shoulders, and neck. I was trying so hard not to get excited looking at the nice toned back. I started to reach around the feel for his zipper area. Without hesitation, he moved up a bit so I could take off his pants which revealed a nice round peach fuzzed ass. He was going commando!

Oh here all this time, I thought I was being slick and smooth and he was setting up the bait for me instead.

I ignored the rest of his body and went straight to his ass massaging the sides, soft cheeks, and back. He was moaning and almost seemed like he was in a trance. I worked up to the curve his back around the lower spine and massaged it very good. Then I moved down and ran my hands along his thighs and down to his legs. He was now fully naked lying on his stomach.

I was being tortured long enough and moved his body to the side so he would be on his back. He obliged and I was in for another shocker.

This white blond hair blue eyed man was very well-endowed.

I estimated he was about 8 inches and it was fully hard right in front of me.

I got up to it and started to gorge on it. He moaned with deep pleasure as I took most of it in my mind, licking inside the piss slit, lapping up his thick precum. Then I moved around the licked down his shaft, back up again until I was teasing the side of his head. He kept flinching when I had hit a sensitive spot and knew I was turning him on. I had my own cock out fully hard and paying attention to it as well.

I felt it throb in my mouth and jumped with excitement when I touched his balls. My fingers moved slowly until it was touching the inside of his ass. I was making him feel pleasures that were forbidden to him and he wanted to cross that line.

He soon lifted his legs up so that I had easy access to his fuzzed hole while still sucking his cock.

I slid one finger then another all the while he was moaning. 

Soon I had two fingers inside and it was making him so excited. He finally couldn't contain himself and finally shot his load of cum right in my mouth!

He was a heavy cummer too because I had to stop and let him keep shooting. It reached my face, a bit on my hair, and dripping from my mouth.

His cock never went soft either as he was already releasing all the semen his testicles could give.

"Wow man that was hot. I needed that." he looked at me.

I must've looked like a mess with his cum all over my face but I wasn't ready to rush out the door either.

We both looked at each other knowing we had experienced a very intense oral pleasuring that he hadn't had in a long time. 

Just then, his phone rang, and he picked it up. 

"That's my buddy."

They talked for a few minutes and finally he bid him goodbye.

"Well, I guess I'm not the only one who got lucky tonight."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"He went home with a girl and he's going to stay with her at her place."

I couldn't help but laugh at how things were falling into place.

"He says it's outside of Waikiki so he's not coming back to the hotel until tomorrow."

Then we both looked at each other and he then he grabbed me up to his face.

"I think you should spend the night. I mean, you helped a lost military boy find his way back safely."

We both laughed.

"I thought you'd never ask."

TO BE CONTINUED...