 His name was Dan and he was in the Marines out on a weekend night of drinking with friends and hopefully to get laid. The local Waikiki bar known for its military clientele ran beer specials that got some guys past their limit. Dan was almost there but still sober enough to know where he was.

The walk towards where his hotel was along with the breezes put him in better focus. He was aided by one of the local patrons of a gay nightclub and after a friendly exchange; the two went to his hotel room where they chatted and hung out on the lanai. Their talk led to a massage (innocent of course) that leads them to remove their clothes and finally engaging in oral sex. Dan hadn't received a hot blow job like he did that night. His ex-girlfriends hated going down on him feigning nausea and the stigma of uncleanliness. In the back of his mind, he knew that gay men would not turn down a chance to suck off a horny Marine. And this was his lucky day.

Dan and his friend laid in bed naked under the covers after both reaching an exciting climax. Their bodies had felt that intense sensation that moved all over the nipples, the chest, the legs and thighs, and the genital area. If Dan didn't know any better, this felt like the first time he had climaxed. 

.............................................

I couldn't believe that I landed a hot masculine Marine and giving him two things: the way back to his hotel and probably one of the if not, the hottest oral sex experience he ever had. The cum had gone down my throat and his cock remained limp dripping the remainder down his thigh.

Then without a word, we both moved closer until we were locked in a sensual kiss. Tongues snaked their way into each other's mouths licking soft lips and finally feeling a special connection more than just quickie sex. This was a man I could really fall for but the reality was a reminder it wouldn't be wise. It was a couple of years after 9/11 and the U.S. we're sending the military to the Middle East or to Asia for military training. Then there was his sexuality as we later discussed that he had oral sex with a few buddies in the barracks. He wasn't ready to figure out what he his relationship status would be. Right now, he just wanted some company...and so did I.

He felt so warm from his body heat and his voice was slowly turning into a monotone as my eyes drew heavy and before long we both fell asleep. We didn't wake up until we saw the daylight creeping under the curtains. This is that moment when you know you have to get up and leave and part ways but at the same time, it is hard to dismiss something so special. Then finally I had an idea.

"What's your plan for today?"

"Check out and try to get back to base. How about you?"

"Nothing much. Sundays are usually for just laying low. Nothing too crazy."

There was a moment of silence. 

"Dan, I have a friend who owns a hotel room down the road and he gave me keys to use them if I needed to."

"Really?"

I smiled.

"Yes. And he won't mind if I told him it's with a hot Marine.."

Dan laughed. 

It was time to bid adieu temporarily as check-out time would be an hour. I had told him to meet me in front of the said hotel while I called to make sure it was ok with my friend. 

Dan was at the lobby of the smaller hotel and the friendly desk clerk and he were having a conversation. I was on the cell phone making sure it was alright with him staying over.

"He's a really nice guy and well, I want to spend another night with him."

There was a moment of silence before my friend replied: "Just make sure the cum doesn't stain the bedding."

My friend owned a restaurant near the Marine base and would come to Waikiki to get away. The rented hotel room was owned by my friend in the hotel condominium program that was still new to Hawaii.

We both received our hotel room keys, and carried his big military duffel bag of his clothing and other items. Dan looked around and was amazed at what this place offered. 

There was a swimming pool in the center of the open air lobby. The laundry appealed to him and it was off in a corner. The walk to the elevator wasn't too far and before long we were on the third floor. Having been to this room several times this year, I knew where to stop.

The front door opened and the crisp cold air from the AC greeted us. Drapes were drawn to keep the sunlight out and the room was small but nicely furnished. It was a one bedroom suite and there was a small kitchenette and it was very cozy.

"I have the keys for as long I want to stay here. Hopefully you have enough change of clothes." I joked.

"It's no big issue. I always pack extra in case."

"In case of what?" I asked.

He just brought me closer and planted his lips to mine.

"Kiss me." he commanded.

I was not going to say no.

We fell on the bed playfully kissing each other trying our best not to tear each other's clothes off. This may have sound strange considering last night we had oral sex that we wanted to wait until tonight to take the next level.

There were things he still needed to do: do his laundry, grab a couple of new shirts and underwear from Old Navy, take a nap, have some dinner, and then just spend time walking around Waikiki.

Dan looked cute in his slim cut light blue jeans and muscle tee shirt. He wasn't necessarily buff, but he was in the arms and chest that was visible under his clothing. I couldn't help but notice his ass that seems to compliment the rest of his body.

I offered to finish his laundry while he took a cab to the mall and get some extra clothing. He was planning on staying a few nights since he was on leave. I placed his t-shirts, boxer shorts, socks, a couple of board shorts, a couple of button down shirts, and one pair of jeans into the washer. Luckily everything was colorfast so that I didn't need to make two loads.

There was a part of me that felt this wasn't just a trick but something I couldn't explain. My heart wasn't ready to fall for this guy since other than a few details; I knew very little about him and him the same for me. My friend, C who owned the hotel room always told me "never ask what is happening but just go with it."

The dryer was done and it was a half hour and I took his clothes back to the room. I was just too subdued to take a nap and soon he would've been back to the room. I lay on the bed wondering what I had got myself into but at the same time, heeding my friend's advice.

Soon I heard the door open and there was back from the mall with a few bags. 

"I got something for you."

My eyes opened wide.

He handed me something that I wasn't expecting from such a masculine man.

I opened it up and it was a small tiny St. Christopher's medal. He placed it around my neck telling me how I helped him when he was lost; this will protect me on my travels.

He was beyond amazing. 

Darkness greeted us outside as we walked around. This guy would've been perfect boyfriend material as he was so casual walking with me. We didn't show any public displays of affection but at the same time; we didn't look like two buddies hanging out cruising for girls.

He asked me where I wanted to eat and joking said to me, "anywhere but Denny's".

Dinner was chosen at a local Vietnamese restaurant that was ironically next to his original hotel and the club where I worked.

The food was delicious as we shared spring rolls, had some coffee, and talked more about our lives. I was 34 and he was 24 but yet there was a common ground besides the sex.

He wasn't sure what his future was after the military. His family lived in Virginia but he didn't want to deal with the bitter cold there. Yet, he couldn't afford living in the islands either. Relationship-wise, he was just as confused. He was engaged to one girl (his childhood sweetheart) and didn't date too many girls. The reason for their break-up was her idealistic view of marriage, "the big wedding", etc. and spent more focused on the Bridal Register, the cake, the blah and nothing was on their emotional investment. Dan did the honorable thing and had to leave hoping that she would understand how materialistic she and her family were being.

Then within ear shot, he had said he did think about guys after messing around with a few in the barracks but was curious about having something more than a simple suck and go. The more he talked and shared with me; the more I respected him as a person. I wanted to kiss him right then and there but I restrained myself.

His main goal was to finish his service here and bite the bullet and go where they send him whether it is the Middle East or Asia. Until then, he just wanted to enjoy this special moment, even if it's for a few days.

We were too far to go walking on the beach so we just ended up walking on the back side of Waikiki facing a canal. There was a bench and though it was well lit, there was still enough coverage and darkness to give privacy. Parked cars shielded us from the passersby across the street and the concrete pathway was in front.

He put his arm around me and I gently put my head on his shoulder. I wasn't going to fall for him.

Then he kissed my forehead then down to my face until we both were making out with no care around us. My tongue swirled around his tasting the fresh mint from dinner. He caressed my face which felt so soft to the touch. The kissing became intense as we felt our forehead, cheeks, and face becomes warm.

He was wearing a loose tee-shirt from Old Navy and board shorts and white Nike shoes. I couldn't help myself but ran my hands all over his chest under his shirt. Our mouths ran across each other and soon he we were both going to be in trouble if we continued. Another advantage we had was that behind us was a much needed grooming of a Plumeria tree with branches overhead. The hotel was four blocks away and the relaxation of the good food and the warmth of each other prevented us from moving. 

We looked around and saw no one around and then took a chance to get personal with each other in the dark.

My hand ran down his smooth chest teasing his nipples a bit. I knew this turned him on as I saw his cock getting hard with excitement. We kissed again while rubbing each other's crotches. I couldn't help but open up my loose pants where my own cock was hard and sticking out. Dan looked around and then did the most daring which I was getting aroused. He got down on his knees and took my cock into his mouth. That warm feeling of a wet mouth rubbing up and down on my hard cock and the risk of getting caught elevated the senses. It felt so good with his mouth on my hard throbbing cock that precum dripped out on his tongue. He was a good cocksucker moving fast and slow, taking the cock in his hand, jerking it, and then looking up at me. 

Finally, I couldn't handle it as he squatted with his own cock out and I felt myself ready to cum. I told him I was going to cum and he continued rubbing, stroking, sucking until I blasted all over his face and mouth. Fuck that was a hot scene of white cream on his tongue and cheeks. For sure if anyone was around we'd be in deep shit!

Then without warning, he moved to my face and started kissing me with my cum in his mouth. This term would be known as snowballing. It was his turn to cum so I put my hand on his cock and stroked it back and forth while licking his cheeks. I could tell he was getting close so with my other hand, I began to finger his hole. This got me hard all over again and I wanted to cum again. At this point, using the cum from his face and my spit, I just couldn't help myself but I inserted my raw cock inside his welcoming hole. The cum, sweat, spit and juices slid my hard 7 cut into his hole. He rode facing me still stroking. Now he was showing his slutty side not caring who saw us fucking bareback on a park bench. He kept telling me to fuck his ass good and hard. All this dirty talk got so hot I was so close and he was too. Finally, I gave him one last stroke and finally pushed up into his hole. Cum burst from the tip of my cock right deep into his ass and it felt like I was cumin forever. Finally, it was his turn to cum and he got off my cock and slid his cock into my mouth. His thick load splattered all over my face, down my chin, and some landed on my clothes. After we were done, we made a Monica Lewinsky reference. Finally, I put my cock back in my briefs and zipped up. He let me finger his hole a bit to see the cum dripping out before putting his shorts back on. We had our clothes back on though the cum was still on me. A couple of joggers was now approaching us with their dogs in tow as it was time to go back to the hotel. When they passed us, Dan took me into his arms and then whispered in my ear:

"Now I want to make love to you in bed, like you deserve." 

To be continued... 