 "Tyler." He is holding out a hand. He is standing right in front of me.

I had no idea he was going to stop where he did. There was this flash of beefy legs going from left to right, and then, well, he stopped. I slowly looked up from the book was reading. I always bring a book to the laundromat to pass the time...and to not look so lonely. For a split second I take him in. It only takes the mind that long to make a snap judgment about someone. Besides, the view from his bulge to his face, and that friendly smile, well...Zach.

The bench is wide enough for three people, and I'm on the left side. Tyler sits down. Close. It's disarming that a guy can be so open and unafraid. His bare leg is touching my jeans. His left hand is resting on the back of the bench, right behind my back, and I can feel it there. I have no place to move. Not even if I wanted to.

"Watcha reading?"

With my head turned to the right to face him, I am lost in his gaze. Manly stubble, open mouth, nice teeth, cute nose, earlobes - really like earlobes - and though not quite a true ginger, there is enough red in his hair to start the blood flowing down there. Which makes me muddleheaded for a moment...What?

"The book - what is it? I'm a reader too, mostly true stories."

Oh...what kind?

"Gay ones." His eyes widen a bit and as his pupils dilate, I can see into his thoughts. 

Oh, I...uhh...yeah. This is a book about keeping body and mind in top shape. A guys book. Holding the book up so he can see it, Tyler reaches out and takes it, like it was offered to him. I suddenly feel exposed, not just because of the rise in my jeans. I no longer have a prop; and don't know what to do with my hands. I fold my hands over my crotch. I am mouth breathing. Nervous habit. 

"Sweet. You follow any of these tips?" His look is friendly, yet there is a hint of something more in his face and his tone.

Sure, the grooming ones are easy. It's the relationship ones that can be a challenge! I rise to the challenge myself and throw a card into the game. Tyler purses his lips, and just nods. The buzzer on the dryer goes off. Damn. I jump up and head for it with my basket. He follows.

"Red bikini briefs! Nice!"

Blushing sucks. Yeah, you know, gotta give the 'boys' some support! I...I feel uncomfortable. I like him. Instead of folding everything the way I usually do, I just throw it all into the basket and turn to leave. I quickly turn back for a moment. Nice to talk with you, Tyler. Maybe...

He really is cute. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Tyler is cute. His open mouthed grin is so damn inviting. I clutch the basket under my arm and head out the door. It only takes five minutes to drive to my place. It's close. So close. 

Ring...ringggg. Yes?

"It's Tyler!"

Hi! My heart is racing. Wait. How did you...

"Your book - you left it with me on the bench. Found a letter in it with your return address, so here I am. Oh, I mailed it for you."

I push the buzzer. Come on in, man, I live on the second floor. A frantic glance around my apartment and I race to pick up a few stray things and chuck them into a closet. As I close the closet door, he knocks. Be right there! 

"Hey!"

Come on in, man. Thanks for the book...and...

"I know. It's okay. Gotta pee real bad. Over there?"

Yeah, first door on the right. The seat hits the tank. His stream sounds like a race horse. The flush. The sink. At least he is clean. Tyler, the clean and very hot guy I just met in the laundromat, is now in my apartment. On my mind. And the day is still young!

"Thanks. Been holding it in since we met. Mind if I sit a minute? Got a sore foot."

Before I can say anything, He plops down on the couch and man spreads. The one foot is hoisted onto his other knee, and off goes that shoe.

"Got a sliver yesterday barefoot on a buddies deck. Thought I got it all, but its hard to see."

I know what your thinking. Tyler is baiting me. I hesitate until I see the slightly red and swollen mark just under his arch. I have a really good tweezers, Tyler, that'll be out fast. The bathroom. It has his scent. I pause and breathe it in, deep as I can. 

Sitting on a chair as close as I can get, it only takes a moment to pluck the bit of wood from his foot. i squeeze some antibiotic cream on a band-aid and place it over the area. I could just look him in the face now, but why waste the opportunity. I slowly gaze at his body, starting with the large muscular calf of his leg. Wisps of reddish brown hair float on the tight skin of his thick thigh. Tight shorts would show a better bulge, but his loose ones tent at the hem and...commando! Just enough of a view to put a check mark on the list - crotch hair.

"Hey, thanks. Feels a lot better. Look, I would like to see you again, but I have a date for dinner, so I need to get going."

Oh. Okay. Sure.

"Not like that." His smile lifts me again. "It's my sister - she's in town for the weekend and we like to catch up."

Blushing again. I can feel the heat redden my face. 

"I know. It's okay. What's your number?"

My what?

"Your number - cell number!"

He puts me in his contacts. I do the same. He turns to face me before heading out the door. No toothy grin this time, just a Mona Lisa smile. His eyes penetrate mine; and my soul is his to see. He turns again and leaves. I feel good. Very good.

I've dated before. Not much to tell. The guys were usually either into a hookup, or they showed their emotional fangs before too long. I really wanted Tyler to call me. His vibe seemed to fit. We had met at the laundry on Sunday around noon. As I was headed to my car for work on Tuesday morning, my phone rang. Tyler.

"Hey. Are you busy tonight?"

Gotta food shop. Is there a plan? He chuckles.

"Food it is. I can pick you up at five thirty. Is that good?"

So Tyler is both flexible and polite. He may have had another plan. Picking me up is a nice gesture; and also a nice way to get back into my apartment...with the food, of course. Sure, Tyler. See you then.

"K."

My workday never went so fast. I was mindfully in the moment to get everything done and out of the way. I raced home, showered and dressed. Five thirty. Five forty. Five fifty.

So what. I'm certainly not new to rejection. Sitting down at my laptop, a couple of tears well up. Silly. He just had some fun with me. Maybe I'll surf the web for...

Ring. Ring. RINGGG.

I dart up and buzz the door. Did I forget how to breathe? The sound of someone taking two steps at a time, in a rush. KNOCK-KNOCK-KNOCK!!

"I am so sorry! Traffic. Left my fucking phone on the counter..." His heavy breathing is music to my ears.

I reach over his shoulder and give Tyler a buddy hug. Not too needy. Just right. He seems off guard. It takes him a few seconds to return my hug, but then I feel two strong arms holding me close; and I know it will be a good evening.

We have a good time food shopping. He is a funny guy. My sense of humor is at ease with his; and we draw a few stares with our loud laughter. I am with Tyler; nothing bothers me now. We both feel the moment. Trudging seven bags of heavy foodstuff up to the second floor leaves us both ready to flop down on the couch and laugh. Thanks for the hand, T. 

"Just the hand?" I like his devilish grin.

We work together and soon have the meal on simmer, only the pasta needs to get into the pot. I am placing some of the prep stuff into the sink, and Tyler moves in. He puts his arms around my waist and snuggles me at the neck. It feels great.

"Let's wait with the pasta, Z." His lips place a soft and gentle kiss on the side of my neck, and a shiver of anticipation runs up my spine. "Dessert first...please?!"

I wiggle around and our first kiss fills me with warmth. His hands reach for the back of my head, and I open to him. The taste of his tongue on mine is all the dinner I will ever need. Ever.

Tyler pulls my tee out from under my belt and with my arms raised, he takes it off and tosses it gently to the floor. He resumes our kiss with gusto, with an energy that spikes my need to have his body fully on mine. T. Can we get past the slow strip for tonight? I need to feel you with me in bed. Like now. His smile is his answer. We become a blur of hands unbuckling, unbuttoning, removing...our own clothes and each others. The floor is stacked with castoffs and we stand in the middle, naked.

"Just as sweet as I thought you'd be." His hand takes mine.

Tyler is at ease with his body. He should be. He is a beautiful person, in a wonderful and visually appealing body. Like me, he has an athletic build, but with about twenty pounds more muscle on him. Solid muscle. Solid everywhere. We both have buzzed body hair; and his manicured bush matches mine. Except his is red. So fucking hot.

He bounces on the bed and waits for me to join him. I crawl to him like a cat on the prowl, and cover his body with mine. Those muscular arms pull me in, and we kiss like our lives depend on it. I feel his hands roam my back and flanks. They graze my hips and cup my ass cheeks with a gentle squeeze. When some fingers start to plumb the valley of my crack, the moan that escapes my throat is all the signal he needs. 

"Gonna make you mine, Z."

I am already. You have my mind, T, and now you can have my body. If you want my heart...

Maybe his mouth on mine is his answer. But is it to say yes he does, or just to shut me up? No matter. This moment is too amazing to be sidetracked. Let the fun continue!

"Got lube and gloves?"

When I get back into bed, Tyler takes the goodies and tosses them aside. He flops me on my back and proceeds to have his way with me. No complaints here. Now T takes up the position I was in. He straddles my body and lowers himself to me ever so slowly, savoring his sensory input. His mouth at my neck, the warmth of his tongue has me stretch out cat-like to his ministrations. I love this feeling!

"You are mine tonight...I will make you mine... all mine..." Nuzzles and licks at my neck as his whisper enters my ear canal. His tongue soon follows. There was a time, long ago, that a young woman I was dating did the same thing. She put her tongue into my ear and it was so very overstimulating I had to ask her to stop it., But Tyler knows better. He knows what a man needs. His tongue barely traces the outer curve of my ear and only darts inward for a nanosecond. I literally convulse under his weight.

"Gotcha!" Barely a whisper again.

So let's evaluate the situation., I meet this cute guy at the laundromat a few days ago. He seems into me. We exchange numbers. He makes a date and keeps it. My roller coaster of emotions is fully engaged. We are fully engaged in the throws of the start of sexual ecstasy. OMG, can he ever use his tongue! Okay, I just let out The Sex Sneeze.

When I get totally turned on, I always, always sneeze. Once is enough. Never twice. It is the rush of sensations, both physical and emotional that surge through me and find an expressive exit with a sneeze! No kidding.

"Been waiting for that."

You know?

"Lucky guess. I've heard about it before. Actually, there was a guy..."

My mouth on his is also a signal. I want more of Tyler...stories can wait. 

"What's in the squeeze tube?"

I had grabbed a tube of honey when I went to get the lube and condoms. Honey. If your'e into it... Tyler does not need a lot of coaxing. He lifts the tube and anoints me with a drop of honey in all of the places he plans on tasting. my throat gets a drop. My nips. A dab hits each pit; and a line of it covers my trail. Several dabs slick up my shaft; and then T squeezes the rest into his hand. he dips my cockhead into his palm, and rubs the rest all over my nuts and taint. Honey soaked fingers finger my hole and for the first time, something other than his tongue enters my body. A honeyed finger slips easily into me, followed by another. They plunge deep, and find my P spot. I wriggle and let out a low growl.

"Told you you'd be mine tonight, Z."

I lift a hand and touch his shoulder. Tyler is astride me now, intent on claiming every honey-marked spot on my body as his own. Who am I to complain? When he makes it down to my bush, he gives it a firm and prolonged nuzzle and I can hear the deep breaths taking in my scent. 

"Love this, Zach."

I love... Oh! His mouth just took me in. My slit is at the mercy of the tip of his tongue! I am squirming and squealing and it seems to fuel his activity. The wetness and warmth of his mouth on my fullness is driving me crazy. Nothing exists except for his mouth and my dick! The man is an animal.. My animal! 

"Grrrrr" As if to confirm our connection T lets out an animal growl. I love it!

He springs up and attacks my neck! I feel teeth bite in. OMG What is he doing? I feel delirious. Almost drugged. Were those fangs that I saw in his burst of speed to take my neck? They sink deep into my flesh, yet I do not feel pain. I am in a state of suspension, not knowing what will come next, or if there will even be a next for me. Right now, all I know is what I feel. I feel Tyler, whatever he is, draining my body of its life giving blood. I feel...I...

"Awake?"

My eyelids start to flutter. He hovers over me, his face close to mine. Bits of dried blood stick to his chin. His smile is...fangs! My blood stains his teeth. He bends in. I open to him, instinctively.

"Mine!"