 How long was I out, Tyler?

"Long enough."

T has moved to the center of the room, of a room; it is not mine. I want to follow after him. There is a major problem with that idea. I am more or less securely tied to the bed. More because there are ties at every limb, neck, and bending point. Less because some of these ties are on retractable cables, probably under T's control. Why, T? He strides closer. His body is confident and ready. Why do this? I was with you willingly...

"Up to a certain point, yes. I need you, Zach. I need you because we are attracted to each other in many ways. Our bodies hunger to combine. You know it's true. I have brought you to my lair. If I told you of my life or death hunger for your blood, would you have been so willing to stay with me?"

I don't know; and we'll never know now. So you fed off of me. I helped you to live. It's over. Now let me up so we can talk as equals like before. In a flash Tyler is at my side, his hand on my throat; his face inches from mine. Less a smile than a snarl, white teeth belie the large fangs hidden just inside his cheeks. He bares them and I flinch.

"Equals?" He is shouting. "Equals at what? In no way are you yet my equal! But oh, you soon will be! I have waited for many suns to rise and set in my search for you, Zach. You and you alone have ever filled me with desire beyond mere feeding. I did not bite you to take a meal. I bit you to take you as my mate. I could not chance losing you to some notions you may hold about what I am doing. When this is over, you will never doubt again. You and I will bond as no mortal men ever can. We will remember this time...this turning...and we will celebrate it for centuries."

I am a fairly calm person. It takes a lot to get me angry and Tyler is pushing at that door. My voice raises in pitch. What's next, Tyler? Just tell me why I am restrained like this and for how long. 

"You are not in a position to demand of me."

Please. He turns away for a moment. When he looks back, the Tyler I thought I knew is back, as well. The gentle carefree expression of the guy who hit on me has returned; and I feel very frightened. 

"Next is for me to finalize our union over the five courses of bonding that are ahead. I endured the same when I was taken and turned, Z...I know what you will face, and it saddens me. I know too that in the end, we will be together in our bond, and that must give us both strength enough over the next five days." 

You are changing me. I feel it already. You did not just drain my blood, you transferred some of your own into my body - seeded me with...with...

"The essence of my existence. Yes. I have infected you - gifted you with the beginnings of immortality. But there is more. Your mind and body will come to need mine, as strongly as I need yours. What started out as a mere attraction will morph into an absolute necessity for us both. There will be no life for either of us if apart. I will care for you. Your fate is sealed with mine, Zach. It could be worse."

How? I am to lie here bound to this bed for five days while you watch me endure the torment of transformation. How could it get any worse, Tyler?

"You could be dead."

I fall silent. Tears start to well up in my eyes. I am not sure of anything. He sits on the bed, and it raises like a medical platform, my upper body now in more of a seated position. Truth be told, I have often thought about using some mild bondage with a guy...but this!

"It is necessary, Zach."

So now you read minds, too? 

"You will, in time. It's how I knew you were interested in me at the laundromat. You practically salivated telepathically over how I came on to you. Just concentrate on that and the rest will be...less difficult."

The room has its curtains drawn and the only light is from indirect wall sconces. Reminds me of a cheap horror movie. 

"I like the visual, Z. Keeping with the theme, it's time for round two. Your body accepts the change quicker when it is in a heightened state of arousal. I still have some honey to lick!"

That charming and innocent smile again. Haven't seen it for a while. What's left to lick? I try to remember where we left off. Oh crap. My nuts. The possibility of fangs piercing my swollen balls is terrifying and I start to scream. The mouth gag takes care of that. 

"Sorry, Z. Relax. I will not...I will not let you suffer alone."

Thanks a fucking lot. I hope my telepathic ability is sufficient for you to...

"It is."

Tyler places a kiss on my neck. I can tell by the way he lingers there that he is reluctant to leave the spot where he first bit into my body. He assured me that the marks were almost gone; that rapid healing has already taken root within me. My captor...my future mate...is starting to nuzzle at my crotch again. Damn, despite everything, it feels good. My erection betrays me to him; and Tyler wastes no time as his tongue seeks me out. With my shaft in the palm of his right hand, he lifts me up and my nuts stand full and proud before him. They ache from not finding release since we met. I wonder if he will...Oh! Damn! Tyler has talents in nut-sucking, too. The way he is poking each ball with his tongue will make me shoot in about...CRAP!

"Best not to move."

Did he say that with my nuts in his mouth? No. I heard his thought. I felt those fangs graze the ball sack and my eyes shut tight against the coming rush of pain. My dick is rapidly deflating, but my nuts are pulsating in his mouth. I have had ejaculations like this before. Full nuts do not care if the dick is hard or not. But they do care if fangs are piercing the skin near each one! It hurts a bit, but not like I feared. If this is all... FUCK. STOP. TYLER!! PLEASE!!

"The burning feeling will pass quickly. I promise. Concentrate on feeling my venom make the changes within you. The changes will bring us closer, Zach. This will only last for a few more minutes."

A few minutes of burning hell! Oh, God. You should have killed me off, Tyler!

Just as that thought registers in his head, I feel the inevitable rush of my cream as it starts to pool at the base of my crotch. Knowing of its inevitability, Tyler quickly does two things. He takes me deep into this throat and as my dick starts to swell again, his sucking seems to lift the cum up my shaft without me even going over the edge. Then I feel the burn of his venom inflame my entire body and I start to shoot the load that he has commanded. Rope after burning rope careens through my cock and If I could scream, I would. I did a fair job of that, even with the gag in my mouth. No sooner did I stop nutting, and he sucked it all down, then came the second volley.

"You taste as good as I imagined, Z."

I am still breathing rapidly when I see him lunge for my neck. I turn to the side for his access. His fangs bite in. Once again, the delirium overtakes me; and in combination with my drained balls, my body is his for the...drinking. I wonder what the next four days hold for me. I wonder why I still want to be with Tyler after all...after what he...

My eyelids are very heavy. The scant light in the room seems unbearably bright. I raise up onto my elbows. I feel like taking a leak. I swing my feet over the...I am freed! There are no restraints on me anymore. Damn. I have to pee real bad. Now it's me who sounds like a race horse. As i shuffle back toward the bed with stiff limbs, Tyler stands there with his arms crossed under his chest. Hot. He looks hot. I feel faint.

"Got you!"

I am snug in his arms. My blood within him gives his body the warmth that I love to snuggle up to. A thought forms in my mind.

"About a week. It lasts that long, then we...then I have to feed again. You may not feed until the final day of conversion."

We sit on the edge of the bed. I can leave now, but I don't want to. With that thought comes a flood of emotion exchanged between us; and it threatens to send us both into a mental thunderstorm. Tyler and I face each other. His eyes are pleading with mine. I take him into my arms and his head slumps into my shoulder. 

"So very lonely. You have no idea..."

Oh, but I do, Tyler. I do. I have been alone and lonely for...certainly not as many years as you. How old are you, anyway?

"126 have been my years thus far, Zach. It is a story I wish to relate, if you will hear me."

I thought you were my age, at first glance, T...22!

"I was, and I will be physically until...my end. So will you. Now. I am truly sorry for your pain, Zach. If there was any other way..."

Let me guess. A succession of hookups for feeding...maybe as long as a few 'dates' with a guy and then...

"No dates. Just feeding hookups. I only choose men who are on their way out."

What do you mean?

"The telepathy. I can tell when a guy is close to his end for one reason or another. I hover unseen until I am certain that he is going to die anyway. Then I feed and send him off to his reward."

And me? Did you sense my loneliness, Tyler? Were you going to...

"I sensed it, sure, but you were nowhere near your end, Zach. I was attracted to your very soul in the way I used to be before I was...before I became...a feeder."

How did it happen, T? He struck an eye-lock with me and I felt him plum the depths of my being. It felt comforting. 

"It was World War 1. I was in a battlefield somewhere near Hungary. I was tired. It was cold. I had not eaten...food...for days. There was an old house near a hillside, with a cave entrance nearby. I saw a man staring at me from one of the windows of the house. He beckoned me to come in. As soon as I entered the doorway he pounced. His hunger was great. I felt his fangs dig in and he held tight as we thrashed about the small room, crashing into things and smashing them to bits. I finally lost my strength and he dragged me into the cave. He fed on me for nearly a week. His name was Viscount Silvernacht. As I started to regain my strength, and his seeding of me took it's root, we were bombarded by waves of artillery fire. The house was the first to be hit. I ran out from the cave just in time. Several rounds came crashing in and as the Viscount was about to flee, a wall of rubble thundered down on him, ending his existence."

So the lore is wrong. You lived anyway, after the loss of your...mentor.

"Yes."

Why did you wait so long...in my years...to turn someone for your mate, T?

"I can only do it once, Zach. I had to be certain; and you gave me that certainty."

I...I would have...

"But possibly not. I could not take that chance. I am sorry for deceiving you."

His head bowed, Tyler looks for all the world like one of the lost souls he has so often 'taken'. My heart beats faster at the thought. I think I may yet find my way with Tyler. We are both traveling along similar paths. Maybe we can travel together, after all. What's next, T?

He looks up at me and purses his lips. I brace for the news.

"Anal seeding." He says this as if it was a big deal.

Been there, done that, T.

"Not this way, Zach...not this way!"