 Everyone's over 18.

Back in the day, one of the things that fascinated me was my local adult bookstore. It was a combination of things there that did it for me. It was in the back of a regular bookstore. There was a wall separating it from the general public of course. When you walked around the wall, there it was in all its glory. I was amazed; there was porn everywhere. Anything and everything you'd want was at your fingertips. And of course there were toys, whips and chains, pretty much everything you'd read about but never really seen. 

Then there were the booths. They were in a small, dimly lit hallway. That got my imagination going. All I could think about was putting my money in and stroking my cock. Finally, one evening I got up the nerve and did just that. 

I walked in and shut the booth door. Of course I had to make sure it locked. Who wants to get caught jerking off in a semi public place? Facing the screen, I took some money out of my pocket and fed the machine. And a whole new world opened up to me. 

It seemed there were endless channels playing any porn my heart desired. I'd never seen such choices before. I scrolled through them until I found an amateur film; two guys and a mature woman. That was what I wanted this evening. 

My 8" cock was already hard, so as the film started, I freed it and began stroking slowly. I wanted this to last. If you've ever done this, you know what I'm talking about. You want to make it last until your money is gone. That's when my became really interesting. 

As I stood there stroking my hard cock, I saw a hole in the wall. I figured it went into the next booth, and I was right. I could tell from the light that someone had just went in there too. Jerking off in front of someone always turned me on, and I started fantasizing about someone on the other side looking through and seeing me. Just so they had a better show, I loosened me belt and slid my jeans down my thighs. Not they could see me in all my glory.

Evidently that was the right thing to do. I kept glancing over at the hole, and finally saw something that surprised me. Two fingers slid through the hole. I had no idea what that meant, so I kept jerking. I did turn to face the hole though, so they could see better. Then I got my second surprise. I could see a set of lips at the hole, and then a tongue stuck itself out. I remember being shocked, and immediately wondering what this meant. Then it hit me; this person wanted to suck my cock! 

I'd never done anything like that before, and the fantasy that popped into my head when I saw that was too much to handle. An anonymous stranger sucking me off. Then it hit me. This was probably another guy. I'd never even thought about that possibility, but evidently it excited me. I couldn't hold back; I shot my load right there all over my hand and the floor. Then I zipped up and left. 

That experience stuck with me for a while. And yes, it led to fantasies. The thought of walking up to that hole, sticking my cock through and having someone suck me dry became overwhelming. It finally got to me; I had to experience it. 

So late that night, I went back. I found the booth, inserted my money and waited. Sure enough, someone walked into the empty both next to me and did the same. 

I was slowly stroking at that point. And sure enough, the fingers came back through the hole. I took a step closer, leading with my cock of course. It was the right thing to do; the fingers motioned me closer. Another baby step, and I was inches from a new experience. Then I took a deep breath, and slid my cock through. 

I felt soft fingers caress my length, then I felt the sensation I was hoping for. A wet tongue started licking the head of my cock. It felt amazing, as did the mouth that followed. That hot wet anonymous mouth slid right down my cock, taking me all the way in with one smooth stroke. Then they started that age old motion, bobbing up and down, swallowing my cock each time. Whoever it was had skills; they were easily the best cocksucker I'd ever had. I knew I wasn't going to last long, and sure enough I came deep in their mouth. My body was plastered against the wall as my cock filled that mouth with cum. I felt them swallow several times, then they let my cock slip back through. It was then I wondered; was that a guy or a girl that had just pleased me? I got my answer a few seconds later. A large hard cock made its way into my booth through the hole. That kind of freaked me out, and I left in a hurry. 

I had some thinking to do after that. Obviously I loved a guy sucking my cock, but how did I feel about reciprocating? Every time I thought about it I noticed I got hard as a rock. Finally I admitted it; I was curious and wanted to find out what the experience was like from the other end. 

That night found me back in my favorite both again. As I watched through the hole this time, a young well built college kid came in. He got the machine going, and glanced at the hole. That was my cue. I took a deep breath, then team my fingers through the hole, just like the other guy had done for me. I saw him smile, and he walked over to the hole, unzipping his jeans as he did. As I watched, a nice hard thick cock came into view. And I knew it was time. 

I reached down and stroked it a couple of times. It was a little strange, feeling my first cock in my hand. I knew he wanted more though, and my head dipped down towards the hole. My mouth opened as I got closer and closer, and then I felt it. The head of his cock slipping into my mouth. 

There aren't words to describe the feeling. I had something hard yet soft exploring my willing mouth. I had no clue as to what I was doing, so I decided to give him the blowjob I always wanted. 

My tongue swirled around the head of his cock, then I started my way down for the first time. It felt fantastic; nice and hot filling my mouth. I swallowed that cock again and again, savoring the taste and sensation. 

He started to speed up slightly then, and I matched his speed, bobbing up and down, determined to give him the pleasure I'd felt just days before. He evidently loved it. I could hear his belt buckle tapping the wall as he thrust forward into my mouth. And before I could even wonder what I'd do when he came, he did. I felt his cock swell, and then my mouth was filled with hot sticky fluid. I didn't even hesitate; I swallowed every drop. I felt his cock pulsing on my tongue as he filled my mouth. Then as I watched, his softening cock slipped back through the hole, and he left. 

I did too. I had to take some time to think about the events of the evening. Obviously I liked it. The bulge in my jeans was a dead giveaway. But would I go back? Was it something I wanted to do again? 

The answer came a few nights later when I found myself in the booth again.