 We fall asleep curled up together, my head on Tyler's chest. The morning brings a rush of sensations, both old and new. Tyler wants to snuggle and sleep some more. I feel hungry. Not exactly sure for what yet, but there is a definite ache in the pit of my stomach that needs attending to.

"The beginnings of blood lust, Zach. You can still eat food...for now. I suggest you do so and digest it before another day passes. After that, food will not digest in your body. Neither will a full blood meal. Not until your conversion is complete will you eat...feed for the first time. You will be very hungry by then; very full of the need to take in a blood meal. Very frightened of where that meal must come from. You will first have my own blood course through your veins. I will truly be your first 'taste'."

Oh, yeah. The seeding went just as Tyler said it would. The actual worst part, aside from my initial terror tantrum, was right at the end. He said I would pass out from the action of the metal prosthetic, and I did. It was an overwhelming feeling of over-stimulation, a bit of pain, a whole lot of anxiety...the works. I will say this. Tyler and I will be having a lot more anal sex when this is done. I can not get the vision of him and his 'taking' me out of my mind. What a night!

"Okay. Go eat something, already. Then come back to me. I have to...I want to drain your nuts. Got to get my DNA circulating there. I also want to eat something for myself!" Nice twinkle in his eyes with those words of inspiration.

Raw meat. It kind of straddles both groups - food and blood meal. I wonder... Oh! It's you.

"Okay. Let's see what happens with your breakfast choice."

I grab the package and rip into it. The slab of beef is cold, slippery, and heavy with blood. As it nears my mouth, the scent is overwhelming: and I drop it onto the counter, dazed.

"The scent will lead you to your prey with great reliability, Z. Before you take a meal, it will fill you with desire. The desire to satisfy your hunger comes in several waves and categories. Blood will be your food, and your hunger for it will be sated as you feed. Then there is the desire to gratify your sexual urges. Taking a meal, consuming the life force of your prey will inflame the lust within you. The lust to possess the body will drive you to your edge of control, and beyond. You will learn to hold yourself there until you return to me, and to our bed. We will consummate our union with an energy and a passion that neither of us yet knows."

That got me going. I pick up the bloody slab again and take a nice big bite. It is kind of hard to chew, but very, very tasty! I love it. My focus is locked onto this taste sensation, but I can hear Tyler laughing at my side. I stop for a moment and look at him. My mouth is dripping with blood. I have swallowed several pieces of the raw meat. What's so funny? Why are you looking at your watch and not me. Tyler! Oh. Crap.

"In the sink! Get it all out. That's it. Sit." 

I barely make the edge of the chair and hold my head in my hands, elbows on the table. What...? 

"Sorry, Z. But it was the best lesson I could think of to demonstrate both your progress, and your lack of completion. Rinse out. You can still eat and digest some 'regular' food - just do it now, and go easy. I really am sorry."

Feeling better, and with some food in me, I make my way back to Tyler, and our bed. I give him a little boy look and he bursts out laughing. Don't.

"Sorry. You look so adorable, vulnerable, cute, sexy, and...get over here!"

He cuddles me in to him and I feel safe. Funny, I feel safe with Tyler, a being who is breaking all the rules of safety through his transformation of me. 

"Yes, you are safe with me, Zach." His kiss is reassuring. "Let's test the degree of changes within you. On your back, please."

With my hands behind my head, I watch as his hands explore me. He is instantly attentive to my breathing, to my heartbeat, to the blood rushing through my veins. The feel of his nose on my skin strikes a chord of lust and of fear within me. He is getting high on me. High on my body. High on the blood that gives me life. I can feel his need. 

"Sure. I would love to take a hot body like yours and tear it apart in a feeding frenzy. Not yours. One like yours. I have other plans to satisfy both our needs right now."

The way I caressed the slab of meat reminds me of how Tyler is caressing my body. His desire and need is at its peak. He attends to me like I am prey to savor. I love this. Within minutes I am pushing at my limits of control. Tyler knows what he wants and will get it from me one way or the other. Our deep kissing is unbelievably hot. He could easily suck the entirety of me into his mouth, and I would let him. Yet his hunger for me has a definite target this day, and Tyler begins his descent toward my genitals. 

"Be still. I will call up a river of life from within you, and bring it into the world for us to play with and enjoy."

You could have just said you want to jerk me off, T.

"Mood killer." Okay, I am a sucker for your laugh, T, and for sucking on that hose you pack...

"Uh Uh...it's my turn. Be still."

One of the most intimate things a man can do with and for me is to masturbate me. There is nothing to compare it with. All other forms of sexual activity are somehow less personal...less intimate...less demanding of patience, skill, trust. I'm reaching, I know. But it's just different. Being still while trusting my body to the hand of another, in my most intimate body region...it's just intimidating, humbling, wonderful! I know that Tyler wants to take my body to the zenith of intense sexual need; and hold me there while deciding when he and he alone will command my release. 

"You are so right! My hands have gotten you erect and ready. They have relaxed you to the point of complete inner peace. Now my mouth will take you in and raise the fluids within you to a boil. The ache you now feel in the depths of your body will grow to an intensity that threatens to burst you open at the seams. Only then will I command your release. Only then will I draw up those fluids and draw down their content within you."

My head is swimming in words. His hands have done their work. I am limp of mind and body, save for a raging hardon that feels too full to ignore. I am bloated inside with the juices of my manhood all straining to reach the surface, yet unable to do so on their own. My masturbator is in control. He owns me. 

"Here we are with a really tough choice to make. A warm neck...or a warm penis. Which to suck. Your neck is off limits at this time, so..."

Okay! Oh, boy! Tyler. Tyler! Not gonna last long here. 

"Your body is mine to summon. I summon it now." 

As Tyler's throat takes me in, I feel my edge rush toward me. He bolts upright and strokes me with a velvety and slow touch that barely registers, yet is incredibly effective. I want him to grab me and jerk me violently to completion, but he won't. He ministers to my cockhead with a whisper of a touch; and I beg him to release me. My cock will tear apart from the pressure within it. Please...Tyler...please...

"Sure, all you had to do was ask!"

I hear a lube cap pop open and shut. He grabs the root of my nuts and shaft in one hand and pulls the package upright, aiming it to my belly. Two fingers enter my hole and find the P spot that they seek. I scream his name to the stratosphere and all the gates within me open for the flood. Rope after rope of thick creamy white joy juice erupts from me and plops everywhere it wants to. My neck and chest are covered in rivulets of warm man-cream. The initial blast felt agonizingly powerful. It's like when you have to pee real bad and there is an ocean of pee that needs to release. You stand at the urinal and wait for the plumbing to open. You can feel the valves churn within; and pray that the river starts to flow...Now! Ahhh... The first squirt is wonderful. Let it flow, let it flow, let it flow. Same way with cum.

"You still with me? You were in another world for a while."

Here. Breathing. Love you.

"Let's make a meal of the this. It will keep us going until we hunt tomorrow."

Tyler scoops some cream from my belly and feeds it to me. I taste the mix of Tyler and myself for the first time, our DNA is nearly in balance between us now. It is salty, and squishy, and more, please. He takes some for himself and smiles. Before long, every drop of me is in our bellies. He tells me we need to rest and save our energy for the hunt tomorrow. It will be my first time. Tyler will feed. I will taste. We curl up and he kisses me.

"Love you, too, Z."