 Marcel. Jeffrey. David. Ezra. I stare up at the ceiling of our bedroom deep in thought. Tyler is standing, naked, near the doorway. I smile at him, and if I could whistle, I would. Never got the hang of whistling. Best I can do is to suck wind backward into my mouth and make a quasi-whistling noise. It has something to do with the shape of my teeth. Anyway, T starts a slow and deliberate slide toward me. I know what he has in mind.

"Oh, you do...?"

Yeah. You want to 'comfort' me after yesterdays doings.

"Something wrong with that?"

I am still too easy with my emotions. My eyes fill with tears, may hands reach for him, and he is here for me. We stretch out next to each other, our bodies blending together in loving embrace. Take me, Tyler. Take me somewhere my thoughts can't follow.

"I will."

His kiss silences my words; and my mind drifts into a peaceful emptiness. I usually love giving of myself to him - seeing to it that his pleasure is my only goal...but now, I just want him to work his magic on me. Tyler and I have come to understand each other on many levels. He knows exactly how to please me when I am 'up' and my mood is strong. I am uncertain how he will view a weaker, more needy me now. 

"It is what drew me to you at the laundromat, Z. You passion, your compassion, your obvious need for fulfillment."

Obvious?

"Yes, to me it was obvious. I saw a man who hungered for the love of another as much as I did. I was yours from the moment I first saw you. How can I please my honey this morning?"

Come inside me, T. When you take me that way I get filled with so many wonderful things. Knowing that you find me fuckable erases years worth of having felt unwanted. When you shoot into me, I feel loved. Giving me your bodies seed confirms for me that I am worthy of being the vessel for your destiny. Your fullness inside of me is your gift of yourself. You take nothing from me. It's not you 'fucking' me. It's you giving yourself to me. You make love to me, T. I need that now.

"I was right to wait. You are my perfect mate!"

We resume our kiss, and Tyler starts to explore my willing body like a first time lover satisfies his adolescent curiosity. He lingers at my neck. Licking. Sniffing. Moaning softly. I am ready for anything he wants to do; for anywhere he will take me. A finger traces along my throat. I am ready. 

"Just a sip or two before your hunt. It will make room for your hunger..."

I ache for him to take me. His words have started a rush of blood to my crotch; and the veins in my neck bulge to entice him. I feel the points of his sharp fangs at my skin. They pause there, allowing barely enough pressure to pierce the first layer. As the tips penetrate, my mind yields to him completely; and my body arches into his. Slowly sinking into my flesh, the dry bones of him find their wet river; and I will my body to rush its precious fluid to the spot.

"You honor me with your life force. With your trust. With your love."

Tyler turns his attention to my sexual needs. His momentary thirst-quenching blood suck was a sexually charged opening move. We both felt the moment and the power of its symbolism. Now we drive our minds and our bodies into the next stage of satisfaction. I roll onto my back. He eases on top of me, his full weight pressing me into our bed. I melt to him. This is what I need. My arms rest on the strength of large back muscles. My hands tease the back of his head, increasing his drive to satisfy me. I raise my legs around his thighs as the signal that I am ready. Tyler moves into position; and his own wetness is all the lube that we will need. 

"Open to me, lover."

The first touch of his flesh to mine sends body shaking vibrations through me. There is nothing I need do, for I am open and ready to take him in. One full and deliberately slow thrust slides his shaft deep into my tunnel; as surely and as sexually charged as his fangs took my neck. He pauses there, relishing the feeling for himself, as well. He knows my need this morning. For as often as a good pounding pleases us both, we need something else right now. We need to feel and to savor our sexual connection, and the deep bond that is growing within us. His fullness within me is like a mild shock-wave that would dissipate if he were to withdraw, even just to thrust in again. By staying immovable within me, the wave does not dissipate. It grows deeper and stronger and more intense. He begins to pant. Our rhythms match perfectly together.

"This...is...amazing..."

I share Tylers sentiment. Through the connection of his penis to that of my inner realm, we become connected well beyond the mere physical. Our minds vibrate together. His thoughts fill me. I flow equally into him. We are truly one now; and this level of satisfaction will take some practice to tolerate. The intensity of the moment pushes us to the edge of orgasm; and Tyler is first to capitulate. As he swells within me, my body convulses to draw his seed. This moment is beyond anything we have had thus far. Tyler loses all control; and the animal within him takes over. He lunges for my neck with his first volley searing through him and into me. He drinks me in again, as his body involuntarily fills me with his gushing volume of seed. No force on this earth could halt my own stream of velvety magma from gushing forth onto our bodies. We lay together and drift into a shared dream, one which fills in some of the details of Tyler's life that I have been wondering about.

It is Autumn. There is a cool and welcoming breeze. Tyler and Ezra are together. They are in their late teens. Both bodies are sensuous; and filled with the excitement of a youthful 'first time'. The meadow is awash in clover, soft and cushioning to their naked flesh. The young men, both a month past their shared eighteenth birthdays, are intent on exploring the wonders of each other. Ezra moves into position. Tyler becomes me in his desire to take his lover into himself. They consummate their union quickly, as youth often does. 

"Damn, that was nice, Tyler! Are you okay?"

Tyler nods and places a kiss on the lips of his boyfriend. The dream shifts out of focus. Another scene replaces it. It is the era that Tyler told me about. The era of his turning. But the scene is not of Tyler, it is of Ezra. Ezra is also in the military. He wears a different uniform. He is in a different country. He will be taken, as well, but in a much different, though equally unsettling way. Ezra is destined to be taken by his Wolf-Master. It is a similar scene. Ezra trudges through a forest, alone, on a cold and moonlit night. His uniform is dirty and tattered. It will soon be torn from him completely. Dreams are funny that way. You often get out of sequence flashes of the story-line. Anyway, I see Ezra start to run from something he has heard in the distance behind him. Thinking it an enemy soldier, he finds a small cave to hunker down. He listens. It is quiet. He regains his composure and exits the cave. Not two steps later and he is blindsided to the ground, under the weight of something very muscular; and full of intention to destroy him. I begin to hear the dialogue between them... beast and Ezra fill my mind with their interplay and their thoughts.

"I will feast on you this night, your last upon this earth!"

I hear his thoughts in my head. What manner of thing is this?! I can not see for the dense fur that covers my face. His scent is powerfully strong, like his lithe and large body. He smells like something from a zoo. My uniform is being torn from me by what look like claws. What in Gods name is this?!

"My kind takes what it will; and I will take your body as I please. My need for you is great. Surrender to my need; to the Alpha that will rip your human form from you."

The beast lifts me up and drapes my naked body over a boulder. I caught a glimpse of the horse-like phallus that it wields, and if that thing impales me, I surely will be ripped apart and die. 

"Not before I take your very soul; and tear the beating heart from your chest for my dinner."

As suddenly as I am impaled by the thing, my mind finds reason to cease its terror-filled agony for a moment. I find an ounce of pleasure in my taking. It may be my last impression of this life, but it is not a totally unpleasant one. With my thought hanging in the air, the beast bites into my shoulder, and the pain that I feel sends me into a tailspin of physical anguish. I spin into unconsciousness. 

The scene morphs once again, and I regain my own point of view as Zach, dreamer and recipient of this trove of insight. Ezra has been dragged back into the cave, his ass dripping with the beast; his heart still beating within his own smooth and muscular chest. He has been spared. I sense that the beast has found a prey worthy of turning. It ministers to Ezra, licking the wound it inflicted just moments ago. As dawn approaches, the beast reverts to its human form once again. Now both are naked, and huddled in the small and dank cave. Ezra awakens. He views the transformed man in awe. The man extends his hand. Ezra takes it willingly. 

I bolt upright, the sweat is covering both me and the soaked sheets of our bed. TYLER! My scream has his feet on the floor and in a posture of attack in a nanosecond.

"What?"

I know. Ezra. You. The beast. He sits beside me.

"It was a long time ago, Z. He was my first love." I feel his hand caress my head. "When it became...impossible for us to stay together...we still keep our affection for each other to this day. I have not seen him since just after the war ended; and we realized the dilemma of our new-found lives. Come, let's get ready for your final day of conversion...for your first hunt!"

But Ezra.

"He will never harm you, Zach. He senses that you are my mate now. He will honor his love for me by protecting you, as well as he will me. It is good to have him close once again. Have you chosen prey?"

Jeffrey. He lives on an old farm just outside the city limits. We've been texting each other. He wants me to visit. Good choice, T? He seems pensive.

"Possibly. Yes! I will be close by, Zach. He may know more than he has let on."

Marcel must pay well. Jeffrey has an impressive spread - fenced and gated to boot. I feel empowered. Knowing that Tyler is nearby is very comforting. He has filled me in on the particulars of taking Jeffrey without...harming him. Turning him into my 'regular' will be fun. The gate opens, and as I walk to the main door, the scent of...of Ezra wafts into my nostrils. He is nearby. I feel relieved.

"Zach. Come on in!" His voice is baritone, soft and soothing. There is something of the country boy in him, as well. Me likey.

Hi, Jeff. You have a great place here. What's the plan? He eyes me like a steak lunch. If I wasn't mated with Tyler...

"Let's take a ride to the river. Have you ridden before, Zach?" Okay, that definitely was a double meaning question by the way it came out.

A few times. Enough not to fall off, I would hope. We walk to a large rustic barn. Within are several beautiful and spirited horses. They become agitated and excited as we enter their space. 

"Easy, fellers. Fixin to take a ride with Zach here. Be nice, now."

Not the same Jeffrey I first met at Marcel's, that's for darn tootin sure! I start to think he has something special planned for us. Hey, this is supposed to be MY hunt! We ride at a slow clip through Federal range; and come to a beautiful meadow, flanked by thick swaths of trees. We dismount at the edge of the trees and set up the picnic meal that is in our saddle bags. Uh oh. My 'old food' will not make for a pleasant experience. Just as I scramble wondering what to say and do, Jeff sets down the meal. There is only one plate. I look up at him. He stares at me with a knowing and bemused smirk. 

"Set awhile, Zach, and let's talk man-to-man while I take in some nourishment. Not exactly your cup of tea now, is it?"

I gulp. He knows. Marcel. 

"Marcel can't keep a secret from me, Zach; I have his complete confidence. I know what Tyler and he do sexually. I know about the feeding, too. I figured it was only a matter of time before Tyler got to me, as well. Then you came into the picture." 

Look, Jeff...

"Not done here, buddy. I've been Marcel's closest confidant for five years now. He treats me well, as you can see. But I want more. I want what you and Tyler have."

I can't promise...

"I know. But you certainly can get me started, now, right...'Z'?"

I don't know whether to stay or to leave. This certainly is not how I thought things would go. I figured I would sweet-talk him into a moment of relaxation, catch him off guard, and do the deed. Now what? It feels like he has taken the lead, leaving me to follow. Some hunt this is!

"What do you say, Zach? If I read you right, you find me to be as attractive as I find you. Not a bad way to start a...'friendship' now, is it? And we will both have the 'benefits' we desire, right?!" 

I play it coy. What benefits, Jeff?

"Strength. Lust. Sexual fulfillment. Maybe even...eternal life?"

I told you...

"I know. It's just you and Tyler. I get it. But we both know that sex play is on the table. And you will have to choose at least one prey to make into a permanent changeling. I can settle for being your 'regular' as a start." He looks at me with a cute smile and pleading eyes. I'm in.

Okay, Jeff. I accept this rather unexpected turn of events. I had planned to gently take you as my 'regular' anyway. I guess the fact that you know in advance is not really a big deal. I think to myself that I hope I am right; and that Tyler will not be displeased with me. Let's go into the woods, Jeff. I feel...that we need privacy for this. I know that Ezra is nearby. So is Tyler. Jeff and I enter the shade of the forest. The underbrush is soft with matted leaves. We stop at the edge of the river, its slowly flowing water a soothing and refreshing sight. It is not unlike the last river sight I remember, but this time with a far different, though oddly similar purpose. Jeff turns to me and bares his neck. I feel my fangs begin to protrude. His scent wafts to me and I am filled with desires. His body. His breathing. His heartbeat, His sexual energy. But most of all...his blood! I lower my fangs to him...

"Hello, Ezra."

"Good to hear your voice again, T. Been a while!"

"Too long. Way too long." 

(Tyler will relate their meeting to me when I return to him.)

The hug they share is both familiar and newly affectionate. The love that they had has never faded. It simply came to rest in their souls as one that could no longer be expressed in the same way as before. On opposite sides of the physical world now, they have wisely chosen a chaste and loving friendship to replace the body lust of days gone by. 

"You have found a new mate, then. He is well suited to you?" 

"Yes, Ezra, he is...very much like you in a lot of ways. You were not easy to replace, you know. It took a very long time..."

"For me as well, T. I have just recently found my own kindred spirit...once again...and he and I have started our own pack. You...and Zach...will always be safe with us near."

They sit and talk, catching up on all the years they were apart. 

As for me and Jeffrey...

"Uuhhhhh...Damn it Zach...draw me in, man. Draw me in!"

I need little encouragement. Jeff's body feels enticing in my arms. His neck blood feeds me like I am hooked up to a gushing fire hose. This country boy turned office manager is hot on so many levels that I strain to concentrate on what I am doing. I have to stop. Now! I pull out quickly and watch as the wound closes. Tyler has taught me well. Jeff is a bit drained, but has not been depleted. We sit until he regains his strength. You're not sorry, are you?

"No way! You just gave me everything I want. Now let me give you something in return."

He pushes me roughly into the ground and straddles me at my waist. The rustle of fallen leaves and the ensuing gush of wind sweep two figures into view. They stand at our sides, arms akimbo, waiting for an answer to their unspoken question. I'm fine, T. Really. Hello Ezra. He nods at me in a kindly butler fashion. I like him. With my assurance accepted, the next gush of wind finds them gone.

"Wow. I've joined a fucking awesome club thanks to you, Zach! Time for your thank-you reward."

Moving back a bit to sit on my thighs, Jeff unbuckles and unzips me, comments favorably on my red bikini briefs, and gently pulls out the object of his desire. I am already hard and wet from the excitement of taking him. It will be one two three and done for me if he isn't careful. I lose count around the upper hundreds. Jeff is a wonderful masturbator and cocksucker. His full lips and warm mouth take me in to a succulent and juicy throat with playfully attentive tongue. On the third deepthroat plunge, the hard squeeze to my aching nuts triggers me into full blown release. I face-fuck buck my hips up to him in spasms of ejaculatory delight. Oh, man! Does he know how to suck! Tyler's words come back to mind. I will hold my sexual desire until I am back in our bed. Oops!

Jeff and I ride back to his place. We share a long and knowing hug. He is now my regular go-to suck buddy. Among other things.

"You look contented. Tell me about your first time."

I will, T. I will. My smile surely needs no further explanation. His eyes hold something from me. I must know. And what about you and Ezra, T...? For a moment, the silence is deafening. Tyler drops his head momentarily. He lifts to look me in the eyes.

"I do love you, Zach...and..."

*****

P.S. Gonna take a break from storytelling for a while. Thanks to my readers for letting me know of their support through comments and votes. Your positive connection is my reward for these efforts. I have a feeling that Zach, Tyler, and all the others who populate my worlds will push me into writing again. XOXO...Corjix