 International business trip gets an exciting finish

This event happened only last week and whilst it's very fresh in my mind I thought I'd put it down for you all to enjoy.

So there we were my boss and I away from home for 5 days in Greece and not a sniff of any sexy ladies anywhere, I was getting hornier by the day and those urges I get from time to time kicked in with vengeance.

During the international summit we were attending I made many acquaintance's from around the globe and found a few good drinking buddies with a couple of European guys, all of us were randy men away from home and all of us had eyes for the few women who were there as our hosts.

Being one of the largest clients of our host we were given Ambassador Suits in the superb hotel and to say it was 5 stars was not doing it justice, my bathroom was all glass with a walk in shower, huge marble bath and mirrors everywhere. My bed was of course king size and everything about it was top quality.

So that's the scene set, the real story begins on the last evening after we had all been taken to a posh Greek restaurant, quite a few of the delegates wanted to go back to the hotel and about 15 of us went to a sea side club full of beautiful women. This was great but the music was so loud you couldn't talk and so we spend most of our time drinking, laughing and dancing amongst ourselves.

One particular man from Turkey had caught my eye as I though he was a nice bloke from our first meeting, his name was Yan and he always wore an immaculate suit never looking anything other than very well dressed, as the evening turned to morning we all decided to head back to the hotel to continue our drinking and last night frivolities.

Well as the number dwindled there was only a few of us left at which point the bar was closed and the night was drawing to a conclusion, I too decided to go to bed as I had an early flight in the morning and so bid those few who were left a good night. As I got into the lift Yan jumped in after me saying that he was disappointed that the night was over and there was no more beer available from the bar. It was then for the first time I wondered if Yan was open to an invite back to my room, after all I had a full mini bar and we could continue our evening on the balcony of my room, also there was only the two of us together for the first time and any approach would be private and unobserved by the others

As we talked in the lift I noticed just how good looking he was, being Turkish he had good olive skin which went well with his dark hair and brown eyes, he was a slim man standing about 5"6" and obviously kept himself in shape.

"Why don't you join me for a beer Yan?" I offered " I have a mini fridge full of booze if you fancy a cold one and it seems a shame to end the night now"

"Well if you don't mind" he replied "It is getting late"

"Oh sod the time!" I laughed, ""There's nothing better than two blokes drinking beer and watching the sun come up"

"Well in that case I'd love too"

As we walked down the corridor to my suit I wondered what was going through Yan's mind, my mind was racing and I was already showing a sign of a raging hard-on even before the card was in the door. Most people get invited back to rooms with sex in mind and I know I was thinking along those lines; Yan though was a smiley happy guy so it was hard to read him.

The door closed and I flicked the tops from two cold beers, Yan placed himself on a sofa on the balcony and I sat almost at right angles to him, as we talked Yan must have noticed the bulge in my trousers as I was only wearing linen and that hides nothing. The more we talked the more obvious I was that I had a boner in my pants, I couldn't help but rub it a few times until finally I slipped my hand down my trousers and began to stroke it at will.

My new found friend didn't give any clues away as to what he was thinking but one thing was certain, and that is had he been offended or felt uncomfortable he would have departed. So there we were two middle aged men alone, half drunk and one of us obviously looking to seduce the other into some mutual man to man pleasures. I wasn't sure how to move things on but I know I wanted to, I think Yan wanted to but also I guessed he wasn't sure of how to and also it may well have been his first opportunity with another man.

Another 5 minutes went by and it was going nowhere so I decided to take the initiative and decided I wanted a shower to cool off, as it turned out it was a pivotal moment in events because I realised that if Yan was embarrassed or offended he would decide it was time to leave, but on the other hand if he stayed he was either too lazy to go to his room or the though of me naked in the showers interested him after all.

"I hope you don't mind Yan but I'm just going to take a quick shower"

As I spoke I stood up right in front of him with my bulging trouser right before his eyes

"All this drinking has given me a right hard-on and I need to cool off"

Smiling he looked up, "Don't mind me, you do what ever you need to do, I'll just sit here and enjoy my beer"

I was so tempted to ask him if he too wanted a shower but thought better of it, so lazily I strolled to the glass and mirror bathroom and was soon out of my clothes and stepping into the walk in shower. My mind was racing as to what to do next when suddenly I thought I saw movement through the frosted glass and instantly thought Yan had decided to leave, however I heard nothing in the way of door opening and closing and so continued to wash my hair pretending to be oblivious of his presence. If I was right about Yan he was either coming to use the bathroom or just wanting to have a look at whatever interested him in here, and for me that was the most exciting part.

As you can imaging the shower did nothing to fight back the swelling in my dick and the longer the situation continues the harder my dick throbbed, suddenly I was aware of Yan looking at me via the big mirror opposite but I think I was cool enough not to let him know I was aware of his voyeuristic presence.

I continued to enjoy the shower and would turn side on to his preying eyes and show him just how much cock I had and of course how very hard it was. 

Without turning and looking at him full on I was now aware of his hand on his dick and now also knew that this was a gamble well taken and an opportunity for some good quality man fun.

"Why don't you come in?" I said surprising him "I don't mine at all"

He looked a little nervous with my invite and replied with an apology 

"I'm sorry" he said "It's just that I've never done anything like this before"

"It's OK" I said reassuringly "I like you watching me, look, my dick is so hard" and with that I took my hard dick in my hand and pointed it right at him.

He looked a little scared but also very aroused, as he walked further into the bathroom his eyes never left my crotch and his hand never left his, I stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel to dry my hair, ensuring I kept my body exposed to his preying eyes I dried my hair and continued to talk to him

"So do you like what you see Yan?" I quizzed "Do you want to play with it?"

Yan never spoke, he just reached out and stroked it lightly with his finger tips, lifting it up and feeling its weight, I watched his eyes light up as gently he slowly wrapped his fingers around my shaft and for the first time ever Yan was stroking another mans cock, and for the first time ever Yan was going to have his cock stroked by another man.. me!

What happened next surprised me, in fact it really surprised me, Yan stepped closer and placed a kiss firmly on my mouth,

"I've wanted to do something like this for so long" he said "In Turkey it illegal for men to have sex with each other and the penalties are so severe I'm scared to"

"Well I'm not going to say anything if you don't, and you're not in Turkey now so feel free to enjoy yourself" with that he seemed to relax a great deal more and kissed me again on the mouth. 

His kiss was gentle but passionate and his previously composed condition soon changed to that of hot blooded horny bloke, dropping my towel I now stood before him completely naked and as hard as a bone, I moved in closer to return his kiss and to reach down and feel the ever growing bulge in his trousers. 

Yan looked a little nervous as I stroked him and squeezed his cock through the thin material but I reassured him all was well and that he could stop at any time.

"I want you naked" I whispered and took him by the hand back into the bedroom

Yan just followed me in a trance like state until we were stood at the end of my bed; quickly I dispensed of his jacket and took pleasure in unbuttoning his shirt until I came to his belt buckle. He quickly kissed me a long kiss as I pulled the rest of his shirt out and began to release his belt and unbutton his trousers. His shirt was off in no time and as I pushed his trousers from his hip I looked down at a huge bulge in his pants, his trousers hit the floor and quickly his stepped out of his shoes and kicked his trousers from his ankles.

I took a step back to admire Yans body and indeed it was worth admiring, he had little body hair and was in very good shape, not muscular but trim and well toned. His black briefs were small hipsters and a small amount of hair trailed from his belly button to his crotch, the contents of these brief really appealed to me as it was clear that although his was not the tallest man in the world he was in possession of a meaty penis of a good size.

Having now had numerous encounters with a number of different men I know what I love and that's the feeling of a fat cock stretching my mouth as I suck on him, there is no better moment that pulling a strangers cock out and finding one bigger that yours, mines a good thick 7 inches and Yans was at least that.

I step back towards him into an embrace and again kissed Yans waiting mouth, this time though I was able to rub my heavy cock against Yans crotch and feel his warm chest against mine, his hand returned to my tool and without resistance I slid my hand into his pants to explore the contents. My what a pleasant surprise; he was extremely hard and it was indeed a good thick cock of at least 7, maybe even 8 inches.

The look on his face was a picture as for the first time in his life he was stoking another mans cock whilst a stranger explore the contents of his pants, I wrapped my hand around his shaft and admire the girth in my grip and had only one ambition in my mind, I wanted Yan on his back, on the bed and his cock in my mouth. 

As you can imagine it wasn't too difficult to get my way as I pushed him back to the beds edge and he knew what I wanted, quickly he jumped on and allowed me to pull his pants down and off, I stood at the end of the bed between his feet and admired his fit toned body, his dark pubic hair surrounded a beautiful fat cock which was uncut and a good 8 inches long. If you ask me it was probably the best cock I've seen to date and the surrounding were much better than some of the places I've played with cock.

I wanted to admire and adore such a fine cock and the best way to do that is to have it in my hands and mouth, I watched his eyes sparkle as I climbed on to the bed and parted his thighs, all the time he just lay open to my admiration with his hand behind his head. Sliding both hands up either thigh I cupped his balls and the base of his hard-on, it twitched in response and now I was as close as I wanted to be without actually having him in my mouth, I wanted to see his face as I took him between my lips and without our eyes breaking contact I slowly flicked out my tongue and slid my wet lips around his fat throbbing knob.

Wow, what a feeling, having a fat cock in my mouth has always thrilled me but I realized that this was the first "virgin" cock I've sucked, not only that but it was possibly the best surroundings I could have wished for a luxury suit in a five stare hotel. Slowly I slid down further on him until I could squeeze no more in and for the next 10 minutes or so I was completely self indulgent in my own cock sucking pleasures.

My own dick was beginning to ache with excitement and of course I wanted to offer it to Yan for him to satisfy his own lusts and desires, so with great reluctance I slid his cock from my mouth and looked to him for a response

"Wow" was all he said, as his eyes rolled back and he laid his head on the bed.

I wanted to kneel beside him and offer my cock to his mouth so quickly I jumped up, kissed him and then knelt right beside him, with my dick only a few inches away from his face it was clear what I had in mind and Yan looked only too pleased to have his first real play with another mans cock. Without any hesitation he hitched up on his elbow, took my throbbing cock in one hand and without as much as a lick he took me fully into his mouth.

Watching this handsome man sucking my boner was such a thrill and by his moans of pleasure he to was clearly enjoying himself, going back to my own initial experiences I understood how Yan felt and so I reassured him he was doing a good job, as a matter of fact he was doing a wonderful job, his mouth was soft and wet and his touch and actions were slow, soft and very sensual. With his eyes closed he continued to please me and with the occasional glance up for reassurance he was more than comfortable with his new found pleasure, in fact I think he was as excited as he could be as his dick was so hard and proud it twitched uncontrollably, it was of course in need of some special treatment and that was my next move.

Pulling my cock from his mouth I told Yan I wanted to return the pleasure and without any hesitation I swung my left leg over his head to be on hands and knees, and now with my balls dangling in his face and my dick still available to my lover I was also positioned to suck him at the same time. Yan just lay on his back and continued to suck and kiss my cock only now he was exploring with his tongue and discovering my liking for having my balls licked, at the same time I returned to my pleasure for cock sucking and took him between my waiting lips again. For the next ten minutes or so we pleased each other as we pleased ourselves, the swelling was growing and the conclusion imminent, I knew my impending release was going to be a strong heavy one and by the way Yan was pumping his hips he too was very close indeed.

Suddenly a tongue licked my ass as a soft hand stroked my shaft, I was past the point of no return and told Yan I was close, immediately he returned my cock to his mouth to receive my load and as he took me over the edge I pumped his hard cock to its own conclusion. 

We were both holding on for each other but suddenly he released his hand, took me deep in his mouth and spread my ass cheeks with the palms of his hands, that was it I had to let go, and with a surge of almost unconscious adrenalin my cock exploded like never before into his waiting mouth. I think the volume took him by surprise as he almost gagged but to his credit he stayed with it and took most of it, my orgasm was only a minor distraction to finishing him of as I returned to attending his hard on, pumping with one hand, my lips on his bulging knob and my other hand playing with his balls he was about to unload, and that's exactly what he did.

With a deep groan Yan jerked his way through an explosive eruption of hot white spunk, he just kept on cumming and cumming, I was amazed at how much this man had to offer and also pleased that I'd been able to bring him off him in such a way, after a deep throaty swallow I cleaned him up with my tongue as his swollen cock began to subside.

What was nice was that he didn't rush out with guilt and we lay there enjoying each others company. We must have drifted off together as I woke a little while later to the pleasant feeling of hot lips on growing cock, needless to say we enjoyed a mornings pleasure before saying our goodbyes until next years conference.