 Back in the nineties, there was a beach/ park along the Mississippi River that was kind of wild and overgrown. Men would cruise there looking for action. Straight guys; gay guys; bi guys; married guys; whatever - on a hot night there would be a constant brownian movement of men walking through the woods; on the beach; in the tall grass; surreptitiously looking at each other; wondering who was going to make the first move; trying to cop a little man sex.

I was one of those guys - married with a family but, every so often getting that overwhelming urge to suck on some cock or, maybe even, on rare occasions, get fucked. 

One late afternoon, on a hot summer's evening, I left early from my "night job" and went down to the beach.

I knew that it was fucked up doing this. I had no business being there and I had successfully resisted my urges all year since the summer before. But, I just couldn't help myself. I thoroughly cleaned and lubed my ass at the job before I left. And, I took a box of condoms with me not really expecting to use them - the last time I had gotten fucked was over a year ago and that was after several different journey's down to the beach.

I put on a terry cloth pair of shorts, a t-shirt and some flip flop sandals, wearing nothing else at all. I left my wallet with my regular clothes in the car; locked it; and put the keys near the back wheels. I didn't want to lose anything in the dark. 

With my lubed asshole; condoms in my pocket; and practically naked, I was excited and hard as I walked down the path to the woods. I was also scared as hell. I so did not want to get caught doing this. But - I so did want some guy's hot dick in my mouth.

As I wandered through the woods, the first guy I came upon off to the side, in the trees, was a young black guy with his pants down. He was stroking his pretty big, hard cock, smoking a joint. We looked at each other and, he offered me a hit...

So, I walked over to him, took the joint, and sucked some smoke into my lungs, trying not to cough - I rarely smoked pot, having given it up about 20 years before. 

He reached out and pulled my terry cloth shorts down, over my tented hard prick, and started stroking me as he stroked his own fat cock.

Oh fuck, did that feel good. Fucking great!

I passed the joint back to him and stepped out of my shorts and pulled off my shirt. I might have been a respectable married man but, if I was going to perv in the woods and get high, I was gonna perv as much as I could being a naked exhibitionist. The whole point of being there was to be a slut whore and my dick ached and throbbed at my raunchy, dangerous behavior.

When he passed the joint back to me, he slipped out of his pants and bent over to begin sucking my cock.

"Ohhh Jesus!" I moaned as he wrapped his black lips around my white pulsing meat.

After letting him suck me, my hips fucking his mouth, I gently pushed his head off my dick and gave him back the joint, sinking to my knees to begin sucking on his thick black cock. It was so nice. He filled my mouth, stretching my jaw a bit, giving my faggot mouth a new workout.

He started fucking my mouth as I tried to suck him in, hitting my throat as he puffed on the joint.

"Mmmmmggghhhh" I moaned around his black shaft, trying to let him into my throat, but gagging, unable to swallow his thick cock head.

Then he pulled me up, handed me the joint, and went back to work on my dick.

We did this back and forth, until the joint was done, exchanging cock sucking for spliff sucking until I was a mindless moaning fuck boy, naked in the woods; loving his lips on my cock, but loving his cock against my throat even more.

We clasped each other bodies and rubbed our hard naked cocks together as he put his mouth to mine and kissed me, shoving his fat tongue into me. 

I tried to turn away, because I really don't like kissing guys, but I was too far gone to resist and tongued him back as he put his hands to my chest and pinched my nipples between his fingers. 

"Oh yeah! Fuck!" I cried out at the exquisite pain, leaning back a little, my hot nipples hurting from his abuse.

I was on a sex trip high as I let him turn me around while he moved his hands, now gripping my tits from behind, still squeezing them painfully, driving me crazy with desire, his hard black cock rubbing up and down my ass crack. Fuck. I was so fucking high. I moved my chest to have him stretch my nipples harder as I moaned in pain, squeezing his big man cock between the naked cheeks of my ass.

He moved a hand to my asshole and shoved a finger in.

"Unnnnghhhh" I moaned at this new pleasure pain. 

He gently pushed my nude form, bending me at the waist while he squirmed another finger into my practically virgin ass, rotating them and fucking me.

"Oh fuck yeah..." I moaned, pushing my ass back at him while he shoved a third finger into me.

"You all ready for me, ain't you boy?" he said, shoving his fingers into me, widening my unused hole...

"Ohh, ohhh, ohhhhh, yeah, fuck..." I panted, his fingers hurting me, but with a delicious pain that I hadn't felt in so long... "Oh fuck yeah."

I pushed back against him, trying to open up my ass sphincter to his marauding hand.

"Ohhhh," I moaned again when he removed his fingers.

Then I felt the fat tip of his black cock against my tight white asshole. With my head down practically to my feet, I reached up behind me and spread the cheeks of my ass. 

"AAAuuuuunnnnghghg" I cried out as I felt the large bulbous head of his hard prick spread open my anus.

"AAAAAHHhhhhhhffuuucckkk!" I cried again as he fucked his large dick into my ass.

"Ohh, ohh, ohh, ohh, ohhh, ohh," I panted, putting my hands on the ground to steady myself as he grabbed my thighs and began fucking his black cock in and out of my white ass. 

"Oh yeah, you fucking cunt!" he said, slamming his black prick in and out of me...

"Ahhh, ahh, nnnoo, ahhh, ahhh, nnnoo," I moaned and panted, his over sized meat splitting my tight anus in real pain... that felt so fucking good. "AAhhhnnnnuhhhh..."

We were both moaning and panting as he fucked my boy pussy hard, pulling and pushing my ass as I fucked back against him, his black monster searing my naked boy cunt, fucking me harder and harder and harder.

Then, he pushed into me as deep as he could go and froze. I felt his black fuck tube pulsing his cum into my anal cavity, pumping me full of shot after shot of his black jiz as my mind reeled from the overwhelming sensations and my anus clutched at his pulsing prick.

I was totally oblivious to everything as I reveled in the pain pleasure of his thorough ass fucking and all I wanted to do was milk his cock with my asshole until my rectum overflowed with his cum. I was so fucking hard and hot.

When he finally he pulled out, I immediately turned around and once more knelt in front of him to clean my ass juices and his cum off of his beautiful cock, feeling like a totally degraded pig faggot with his cum dripping from my ass onto my feet and the sand.

After a bit, he pushed my face away off of his cock and balls and then, as I knelt in the sand of the woods, he just put on his pants and left. I watched him walk away, sitting on my naked legs, hot wet pleasure radiating from my asshole.

Whatever we were smoking had got me more stoned that I had been in a long, long time - much more stoned. I was tripping.

I was so far gone that I literally did not think about the fact that I had just let some black stranger fuck me without a condom and blast his load of cum into my ass. I was all sensations and nothing else. My hard, hard buzzing cock was pulsing like a thing alive while my well filled asshole, dripped hot cum down my thighs as I pinched my own nipples, letting all the erotic sensations vibrate through me. 

Then, I got up and stashed my clothes under a bush and, wearing only my sandals, I started walking through the beach park, hard and horny, my ass smoking and dripping with the black guy's cum and went looking for some more action. 

Now this was beyond stupid but, I was beyond high.

It was one of those really humid, hot evenings in Minnesota and of course, not only was my ass dripping, but my whole naked body was lubed by my sweat. I was still breathing hard from my ass fucking...

Pretty soon, I came across another black guy, which was unusual as most of the guys down at the beach tended to be white.

When he saw me naked and hard, he just pulled out his cock and started stroking it. He was about the same size as I was - 6 inches or so, 4 or 5 around. Just a normal hard black cock on an increasingly stoned night. I just bent over and took his hardness into my mouth and sucked him in, almost instantly and easily taking his head into my throat and out again. As I fondled his balls with one hand, I caressed my own naked, promiscuous flesh. I fucked loved being a naked faggot whore in the woods. It was so hot. I was sweating and so wet. My cock was sizzling hard and I was so high. My world was again reduced to a single cock, pumping in and out of my mouth; my lips pursed around the wet shaft of this dark meat. The inside of my mouth became an erogenous zone as he moved his hips, enjoying the attentions I was delivering on his hard prick.

After about 5 minutes of delicious sucking, I came up for air and I laughed... This guy had also lit a joint while I was sucking on him and he offered me a toke. We passed it back and forth; it was surreal, me naked, wet and hard, his hard pick still throbbing, until he said - "I'm going to walk around for a little bit."

I just stared vacantly as he pulled up his shorts and walked away. I was so fucked up. 

Ever since I stopped smoking pot, marijuana has always acted like an aphrodisiac. My body gets a continual sensual rush that sets my whole sex tingling. I become the most, horny, licentious and tactile seeking hedonist on the planet... And stupid.

I stood there for awhile, my naked hard on throbbing with stoned excitement, totally spaced out and mindless . Then I started walking again out to the asphalt paved road hard and naked. Now, this was really stupid as the park was also used by normal people and occasionally patrolled by police, not just sex craved perverts like myself. But my dick was hard. I was insanely stoned. And I had never gotten over being dangerously exhibitionist from my youth.

As the evening darkened, I walked down the road, naked, my stiff manhood standing out in front of me.

I only passed two guys who both gave me bemused, slightly worried, "C'mon, aren't you overdoing it a little, you naked freak - you ain't got that much to show..." looks.

Where the road opens up into a gently rising sandy area, I turned off onto a path through a narrow band of woods between the paved road and a steep hill that rises up to the street above. In spite of only being thirty feet wide at this juncture, the woods were lovely, dark and deep. I passed a couple more guys, but each one of them was wary of a crazy naked man, sporting an erection that wouldn't quit, pulsating down the path.

As I walked back up towards the river, I saw a lone young fellow - collegiate looking, leaning against a tree. He eyed me with interest. I walked up to him, said "Hello," and put a hand on his crotch.

I could feel his soft meat through his pants as he reciprocated, lightly touching the head of my naked tool and rubbing the precum oozing from my slit around on my crown with his thumb. 

"Ahhhh," I sighed in satisfaction at this touch, my whole body aroused and quivering.

Without any further preliminaries, I quickly undid his pants, pulling them down and pulling out his still semi-soft cock. I pressed my naked body against his, his hand on my penis pressing back into his own groin. I ran my hands over his exposed ass, humping my hips against his growing manhood. He let go of me in wonder as my lust seeking body spread against his in increasing passion, feeling him grow and harden against me. Moving my hands to his stiff meat, I embraced his cock and brought it up to my lips as I moved my head down. I began licking his crown, loving the tip of his dick with my tongue, twirling it between my lips in erotic splendor. 

"Oh my god," he said, as he staggered back against a tree, my attentions making him hard, sparking his passion, "what are you doing to me?"

I continued working on the head of his quivering cock, letting my hands slide up and down his shaft, slippery with his precum and my own saliva. I fondled his balls, passionately massaging the underside where it met the corner of his thighs. I let my fingers tap underneath his nut sack on his perineum, the area between his asshole and his balls, massaging his hard manhood to further flame. His butt swayed and he pumped his hips back and forth as my greedy lips sucked his bulbous glans, tonguing him like a popsicle, until I finally licked my way down his shaft and swallowed him.

"Ohhh, yeah," he gasped, moving his quivering cock in and out of my mouth, beginning to fuck my oral hole with abandon.

I slurped and sucked him, taking him back to my throat, devouring his rigid member, my whole naked form gyrating with passion, every inch of my flesh in sensual splendor, my hands sliding up and down his thighs, caressing his balls, his stomach, the nipples of his chest underneath his shirt. I was on a rapturous, erotic high.

"Ohhhh, yeah... man, suck me, you fuck... Suck it hard... Ohhh, fuckkk," he moaned, as his passion built. "Get on your knees, you cocksucker... Oooohh, I want to come all over your face..."

He grabbed his own throbbing meat and pushed me off. I sank to the dirt in front of him, massaging my own nipples and belly as his hard cock began spewing its liquid load.

He pulled back and a hot wad of cum sailed into the air and landed on my chest. I shuddered, almost feeling his orgasm as another juicy gob came out, landing on my cheek as he moved closer, fisting his prick next to my face, shooting another wad of sperm directly onto my tongue.

"Ahhh, ohhhh, ahhhh," he cried as his torrid sperm splattered my face and body.

I rubbed his semen into my skin as his orgasm subsided. He looked at the sperm dripping on my naked wet body and said, "You're a real mess. What are you going to do now?"

"Get fucked," I grinned, relishing the raunchy sticky feel of his wetness on my overstimulated flesh.

He grinned and shook his head as he walked away.

I continued my walk and went back down towards the beach. I was so fucking hot. My dick was dripping and hard. I was soaked with perspiration. I still had cum dripping from my face onto my chest and trickling down the inside of my thighs. I walked up to a few guys who were standing in the sandy tall grass area still doing the "checking out" thing. Then one of them, a guy in a bathing suit, smiled at me and reached out for my throbbing dick.

"That's really nice," he said as he put his fingers around it, lightly stroking me.

"Mmmmmm," I murmured again, loving being the center of attention.

I reached out and kneaded the front of his suit with my hand, feeling the fat bulge of his cock grow behind the fabric. Without further foreplay, he shucked his suit off and stood as naked as I. He grasped my crotch with both hands and pulled me to him. The new sensual elation of his hot flesh rubbing against my wet sperm covered body with our cocks crushed together was wonderful. We ground our hips into each other, clutching each other's ass cheeks and back, reveling in the erotic feel of hot wet skin on not wet skin. 

Our stiff pricks rubbed against each other, his loose balls jammed into mine as I groaned in degraded pleasure.

My mouth went to his hairy nipples, lapping at them, tonguing them, catching them in my teeth. Still standing on my feet, I bent over and licked my way down his belly to his jutting manhood. Grabbing his hard meat, I squeezed and licked the velvety head of his cock.

His hands were running wildly over my body. He leaned over and moved them under me to pull on my nipples.

"Unngghhh," I moaned, the erotic pleasure again making my body shudder.

I took his hard manhood into my mouth and sucked him deep as his hands continued to twist and tug at my tits. Then I felt another pair of hands at my cum slicked ass. The naked stranger began pumping in and out of my mouth, his cock driving back into my throat. The new stranger's hand pushed a finger into my well fucked anus. 

"Uhhh," I moaned as I felt the man violating my ass drop his pants, all the while fucking his finger or thumb in and out of my burning asshole. I saw, out of the corner of my eye, that his legs were black. (Damn. I had never seen so many black guys at the beach before) Then he removed his finger and I felt the tip of his large cock probing my as bud. He slid into me, fucking his fat black cock into my ass. 

"Ohhhhhh," I moaned around the shaft of the hard man meat that I was sucking on.

Now, even through my stoned erotic haze, there was a little voice telling me that I was fucking insane. I should not be doing this. I could not just let everybody fuck me bareback in my ass... But I was a slave to my lust. I couldn't stop him.

"Yeah, man, fuck him," I heard someone else say. 

Then he pushed his bulbous cock head into my ass, shoving through my anal sphincter with one thrust, plunging his huge cock meat into my bowels with one motion.

"OOoooohhh, uuooohhh," I lurched forward and groaned again as he forced my ass to accommodate his long pole.

I screamed out around the cock in my mouth as they both smashed their hard tools in and out of my anal and oral holes. The world was only hard cock; sensual fucking; burning desire. Everything was reduced to cocks fucking me and fucking me and fucking me.

"Oh yeah, mother fucker," moaned my black assailant as he continued to hammer me with his massive, rock hard black dick, his hairy balls smacking against my whorish ass.

Then the guy fucking my mouth said, "Why don't you slow down a little and give the fucker's cunt a real workout?"

The black man stopped and I groaned as he pulled his large cock back, slowly, until the large cock head was just caught in the ring of my abused anus. My hips started jerking at this new erotic pain sensation and suddenly, he smacked my now exposed ass cheek.

"EEaahhhioohh," I cried opening my mouth and gasping for air.

But my mouth fucker was having none of that and he grabbed my head, once more burying his hard meat into my throat, choking off my groans. As I tried to suck his hard tool in frenzied passion, my ass assailant just let his massive cock wriggle in and out of my tortured anal ring as he slapped my ass cheeks harder and harder.

Then he abruptly slammed the full length of his hard meat into my bowels again as my mouth invader withdrew his cock. I staggered with the painful bliss of being so completely sodomized as my sucking asshole enveloped the cock shaft as he buried himself completely inside me again.

Then the guy in front of me withdrew his man meat to the edge of my lips, put his hand in my hair jerked my head up. I looked up to see him smiling at my lust as my asshole continued to be assaulted, my mouth hanging open, my tongue reaching for his hard prick in aching wantonness.

"You really is a fucking whore, aren't you?" he grinned.

"Y-yess, uh!' I moaned as the cock in my ass was slammed in again, making me throw my head back and gasp at the startling sensations of sensual raunchiness.

"You fucking cock slut, here it is. Open that ass!" said my black rapist as he thrust, penetrating deep inside of me, his cock distending my tortured bowels. 

"Ahhhhhh," I moaned and shuddered, my balls aching with the violent motions. 

Then I submitted again to the horny will of the man I had been sucking as he forced open my lips and shoved his cock head into the gap, driving his cock deeper and deeper into my mouth.
