 After my first time at a gloryhole, I knew I'd be back for more. The thrill of strangers was just too much to resist. I found myself fantasizing about it all the time; the dim light of the booth, the porn playing on the screen, and of course the strangers cock. 

I couldn't get back as often as I wanted to, but I still managed to show up once a week at least. Some nights were complete busts, while others led me down an interesting path. 

One night, while in my usual booth, I got a surprise. I heard the door next to me open and close. That got me going; the possibilities that were running through my mind would have put the most hardcore porn to shame. I waited for a moment, then peeked through the hole. 

I was surprised by what I saw. There stood a girl. She had long dark hair, and was wearing a wonderfully skimpy white lace dress. I'd never seen a girl in there before, so naturally I watched to see what was going to happen

She fed money into the machine and chose her movie. It was the same one I was watching; two amateur guys going at it. I was fascinated by that; I couldn't wrap my head around a girl wanting to watch two guys together. But she obviously enjoyed it. She sat on the seat there, staring at the screen. Her hands started wandering over her body as she watched. While that wasn't what I was there for, it was still interesting to see. 

She stood then, and slipped off her dress. Wow! Nice small firm tits with hard nipples came into view. Then I got my second surprise. When she turned my way, I could see a large bulge in her bikini panties. She was a he. And perfectly passable too. She fooled me. 

I wanted to see where this would go, so I kept watching. She obviously saw me there. She faced me full on, and slowly slid those panties down. Damn, I thought. She was totally shaved everywhere, and that cock had to be 9". I wanted to see what that was like, so I wasted no time in slipping my fingers through the hole. She saw me, smiled and slowly walked over to the gloryhole. 

I watched that monster slide through the hole. It was easily the biggest I'd had presented to me, and there was no way I was going to let it go to waste. I reached down, and stroked a few times. Then I got into the position. 

I was on my knees eye to eye with her fantastic cock. I couldn't wait at that point, and I tasted her. My tongue slid over the head of her hard cock. I could taste the pre cum there, and that just made me want more. 

I started the slow slide down, her cock filled my mouth. It felt as good as it tasted, and slowly I started bobbing up and down her length. The entire time, a mental image filled my mind. A stunning girl with a hard cock with her body plastered to the wall enjoying the anonymous mouth on the other side. I could just imagine her hips flexing, slowly fucking her length into my willing mouth. 

I was taking things slowly; I wanted this unique experience to last a while. So did she apparently. She slowly slid her length into my mouth, back out, then in again. I wanted to take as much of her as I could, and I managed to take a bit more each time. Luckily my gag reflex had been suppressed my cocks that hit me right in the back of my throat. It wasn't too long before my forehead hit the wall; I had her all the way in. 

She started moving faster then, using my mouth and throat. I went along for the ride. I let her have control, and she quickly worked her way up to fucking my mouth hard and fast. I could hear her body softly slapping against the wall. It didn't take too much longer, and I got what I was there for. 

I felt her cock swell in my mouth, and I knew it was time. Taking it down my throat for the final moment would have been fun, but I wanted to taste her. I I backed off, keeping her cock on my tongue just as she came. 

Spurt after spurt of hot cum filled my mouth. She had an incredible load, and I was taking every drop. I swallowed every last tasty drop as she filled my mouth. All too soon she was finished, and I saw that wonderful cock slide back through the hole. She quickly dressed, and left, leaving me high and dry (and rock hard).

There was no one else in the store, so I left disappointed. I walked out the dimly lit back door to the alley where my van was parked. Then I heard the voice. 

"That was you in the booth, wasn't it?"

I turned around, and there she stood. She looked fantastic close up. 

"Yeah, it was. By the way, you look amazing."

She smiled and said,

"Thank you. I'm sorry I didn't return the favor. But I can now, that is, if you're interested."

Of course I was. And I told her so. She smiled, and we got into the back of my van. I had the van set up for one thing; sex. There was a mattress filling the back, just in case of course. Getting in, we got comfortable. And I got to see her strip again. 

It was even better close up. I was hard in no time, and I stripped off my jeans while watching. She saw how hard I was, and kneeling on the mattress, she wasted no time. She leaned over and sucked me right down. Her mouth was hot and wet; she knew what she was doing. And the sight of her long hair over my thighs as her head bobbed up and down my length was almost too much to take. I was doing everything I could to hold back, when she raised her head and said,

"Would you like to fuck me?"

I'd never done that before, but in the heat of the moment, I said,

"Of my God. Yes!"

She reached into her purse, and pulled out some lube. She lubed up my rock hard cock, then got on her hands and knees. 

I didn't waste any time. I knelt behind her, and my cock started the plunge into her. It was slow going, but soon I was buried in her ass. Then she started moving, slowly fucking back toward me, taking all of me with each thrust. 

It felt amazing fucking that hot little ass, and sadly, I was so excited that it wasn't long before I filled her with cum. We laid there for a while, then she dressed and left. 

I wish I'd gotten to experience more with her, but I never saw her again. That night though gave me a great appreciation for enjoying the best of both worlds though.