 Chapter 2: Gift Baskets

Eclipse was so happy today, even considering the fact that some dark magicians had shown up on the grounds. Yes, the headmistress was having a babe and getting married to a babe... damn, why hadn't he gotten to Vaccari first. The man just had an ass that wouldn't quit....

But Eclipse had always had an eye for such things, but never really saw how good looking he was, most of his older students had noticed however. He was tall, had thick brown hair, and aside from antlers, which he kept fairly short because it was a hassle, no one could tell that he was an anthromorph.

So he continued with the gift basket full of nice and naughty gifts he gave to every new and leaving staff member, all done up pretty with bows and ribbons laced through.... in Christmas colors of course. What? He couldn't help it! So what if it was the beginning of the school year... he liked Christmas the best.

The reindeer hummed and skipped down the hallway right to the new professor's office and knocked on the door, leaning in with a smile.

"Welcome! I'm the herbology professor, Eclipse, and I've got you a wonderful little basket here!"

Then he noticed, and he set the basket on the desk as he approached. "Jackie, is that you?! My gods, it's been years!" It had been at least five or so years... since he had taught the other. 

Jack smiled his famous shit-eating smile and took off his glasses as the other seemed to recognize him. Sure he was taller now and had grown even better looking since his school days.

"Jackie, is that you?! My gods, it's been years!"

"Hey Professor Raincrest," he said with a brilliant smile. "It's been about five or four years since graduation. I can see that you've been keeping in shape. And you still got an ass that kills," he said with a wink.

"Well, thank you Mr. Jack," he nodded a head slightly with the same perky smile. He'd just gotten these pants yesterday, so he was pleased to know they showed off the 'merchandise' well. "You're much better now that you do not have to wear those plaid outfits! Love the shades!"

"Hey, I think that I pulled off the plaid wonderfully not that I liked wearing them," he said with a devilish smirk. Now the other could seem him in his usual sexy attire. He was in a pair of jeans that hugged his butt and a green t-shirt that was a size too small. 

"And if I remember correctly," he pulled some mistletoe from behind the other's ear. "You could never say no to a Christmas tradition." He smiled cheekily as he held the mistletoe over them.

Eclipse paused for a moment. He wasn't supposed to kiss students. Though Jack was no longer his student (and a very attractive man), it still felt slightly weird. "...I never could say no."

Jack noted that the other seemed hesitant and that rather upset him. So, as they kissed he decided to warm the other up. He was no longer his student and he could do whatever the hell he wanted to.

The reindeer smiled indeed and moved closer, letting his lips softly brush Jack's in the picture-perfect 'mistletoe kiss'. Then the reindeer moved back a few paces, rolling his eyes but chortling nonetheless. "Really, you had to use the opportunity to grope my ass. Then again, you boys did seem rather fond of it in class."

"Honestly, you can't blame us for liking it," he teased as walked over and sat on his desk. "And you know you teased us every chance you got when you bent over like this." Of course he leapt up and demonstrated. "Jerk... We immediately had to run to the bathroom after class."

Eclipse chuckled into his hand at the other's demonstration. Sure, it was alluring but he thought he didn't get the whole effect because he didn't picture himself getting a piece of it like they did with his. Despite his height and non-stringy appearance, it seemed everyone at MirrorLake knew he was not a topper.

He had felt those eyes every time he had to lean over to do a demonstration. Eclipse sat down on the other's desk. "So, how are you doing? Are you still going out with that Isaac boy?" 

Jack who was a strong built young man, about twenty six now, ran a hand through his light brown hair. The only part of him that could tack him to his animal was the donkey tail, he was glad he didn't have those big ass ears.

"No I'm single and looking. Otherwise I'm fine. What about you?" 

"Nope, the work keeps me pretty busy." He really should apply to workaholics anonymous. Eclipse looked at the basket he had given the other which contained some rather interesting things. 

"Still a workaholic huh?" He asked with a smirk. The other was always working, day and night. It didn't matter to him as long as he was needed by the students.

"I resent that term, thank you," Eclipse countered, crossing his arms and giving a little mock-huff to the other man. "If I choose to try to improve my performance and help students, it is not a problem..."

"No, it's not a problem. I just think that you work too hard and don't take enough time for yourself is all..." he said with a smile. Jack was always smiling and he was sexy when he smiled.

"Now how would you know that?" he asked. He never thought students had really paid attention to how late the light stayed on under his office door at MirrorLake; they were supposed to be asleep after all.

"Honestly," he laughed at the other. "I sat up quite a few times just wanting to approach you in the middle of the night and tell you that I thought you were the most gorgeous thing on two legs..." he said with a 'I want to sex you up' smile.

"And here I made you a basket thinking you had someone to use them with... ah well." 

It was then that his attention was directed to the basket the other had made for him. He chuckled at it as he got a glimpse of a few things on the top.

"Well... You know me too well. And I thought that you had been ignoring me all those years at Mirrorlake," he teased with a wink. "But you know... They won't have to go to waste if a certain someone decided to stop by later..." He wiggled his eyebrows sexily.

He was muscular and tall and had the look of a man that was a topper. And he could top... he could top all night long. 

Eclipse raised his own eyebrows to that, and smiled, shaking his head. "That would be too weird... I've known you since you were a shaking little first year before you even went through puberty..." Imagining, himself, writhing and moaning under Jack, it was hot but also felt rather wrong. 

It was Jack's turn to make his eyebrows disappear into his brown locks. It was easy to see that that was not the answer he was used to or wanted to hear. He nodded anyway and just smiled.

"Oh well, I guess I can have fun with them by myself," he moved to his chair and sat back in it before digging through the basket and pulling out a tiny shocker. He laughed before sliding his hand up his shirt and shocking his nipple earning a moan that was sexy as hell.

"Have you tried this out?" He asked.

Eclipse leaned over the desk, so he was closer to Jack and gave his own alluring, 'come hither' look, lips slightly parted. "How do you think I knew what to get you? I wouldn't want to get someone bad quality toys..."

Toys really were his outlet for sexual frustrations. Eclipse had the weird thing about his rutting season. He was always in it, except for the normal reindeer mating period in which case he just couldn't get it up. As he had no time for maintaining a boyfriend, they were his friends. He had quite a large collection, enough to make his own little room. 

"Aw!" He laughed as he set it down on the desk and leaned up to catch the other up in a proper kiss. "I'm touched that you really thought enough of me to go through all of the trouble," he said once he broke away.

Eclipse accepted the kiss, though it was fairly deeper than the kiss he had given Jack. He leaned back and sat daintily on the edge of the desk, pushing back his messy hair. "I do it for every staff member who arrives here. Though, I will admit, you're one of the first who doesn't seem embarrassed by it."

Jack? Be embarrassed by sex toys? That would be the day! He rubbed his left arm until the other said the next sentence.

"Embarrassed?" He asked with a hearty laugh. "Me? Why should I be embarrassed? Honestly, if I can't get someone to please me I might as well do it myself..."

"I have to admit that I wish you would stop thinking of me like a student..." 

He shifted and moved to in front of Jack and knelt there while ruffling that hair with a chuckle. "When I was the one you came to about your first wet dream, and advice about sex and boyfriends, it's a little hard Jackie..." 

Jack scowled at the other and that was certainly a rare thing. He was never the sort to scowl or get upset but there he was. He pushed the hand away from his head.

He was shocked by the scowl and serious tones he got from the jackass. Jack was never the type to do that, and never had they been directed towards Eclipse. It made him freeze.

"I never told you who the dream was with now did I?" He asked with a serious face. That was another thing that was never present on his features. "That dream had been about you and I wanted to know how to deal with it... And I told you about the boyfriends so that you would tell me to forget about them and be with you... God you're thick..." he said gruffly. 

Eclipse's response?

"You're thick if you didn't know I was thick already, and oh how thick we are," he whistled and chuckled. Eclipse really couldn't be serious. His mind didn't work that way. The one time it had worked that way had nearly broken him.

Jack's eye twitched and without a moment of hesitation he brought his hand down and rapped the other against the head pretty damn hard. He just glared up at the other for not taking him seriously.

"Ouch!" he held his head. "What was that for?" 

"You're not just thick, you're an idiot..." he grumbled before standing up and grabbing the other by the hips to basically keep him from moving away from him. He could feel his chest burning and somewhere in his stomach there was something writhing but he didn't care.

He caught the other in one last kiss. It was passionate, intimate, and fiery. His tongue slipped into the other's mouth and gently rubbed at the other's before he pulled back. "Now... If I am still that little student who came to you and not a grown man then I'm leaving now..." He could find work elsewhere. 

Eclipse blinked as he was taken by the hips and then kissed like that. He tried to keep his eyes open, but it was impossible. He succumbed to that kiss, moving into it. Those warm eyes fluttered open when Jack pulled back.

"I never said you weren't grown, it's just..." God, why was it so hard to explain? He had always seen the other like a little brother really, so even if the other was grown a part of him always still saw him otherwise.

Jack looked at the other expectantly not knowing how he was going to respond or what was going to happen. But he really would leave. He didn't have to put up with these feelings again.

"You are a man," he whispered finally. 

"Thank you God," he said before burying his face into the other's neck and resting against him. He sighed and then pulled back to look at the other with his sexy smirk. At last, the other was going to treat him like an adult. He moved back in and kissed the other in a similar fashion. He liked how Eclipse just submitted to him. 

Eclipse realized just how much he had missed real human flesh when the other just rested against him and could make his stomach flutter from a simple smirk. It was fun to submit to the other's passionate kiss and pop his leg a bit.

Jack was a God and he knew it. He pulled back a little to see if the other would come to him.

So when the other pulled back, Eclipse just made an irritated noise and took to attacking the other's neck. Did the other know just how horny he was? Eclipse hadn't had sex with a real person in a while, and now that one was here...

Jack smiled at that sound. It meant the other wanted him... badly. Well, who was he to say no? As the other attacked his neck and rubbed just above the tail, which was a hot spot for anything with a tail, he had to force himself from getting rough.

He kissed his way back up to those lips though his hands continued to rub the other's lower back, above the tail's base.

Jack allowed his hands to slide up under the shirt and touch that hot flesh. He was guessing, simply by the noises, that Eclipse hadn't let anyone in for quite some time.

Jack pulled back once more... "Do you want to move to my room or just have sex on my desk?" He asked with a chuckle. He gave a look that said he plainly didn't care, as long as he could get himself screwed long and hard. Over the years, he no longer required it to be soft and such. It was then Jack picked the other up and carried him through the door to his room. The reindeer could only admire the other's strength in that they were almost the same size and yet Jack was holding and walking like he was some thin girl.

He didn't run or jog but walked as if he didn't have a guy about his size hanging onto his waist. He set the other on the bed and loomed over him. He smiled devilishly as his hands went to explore under the shirt again. 

While Eclipse couldn't handle rape fantasies or anything like that intensity, the reindeer was still quite experimental and capable. So when the strong former student loomed over him like that, he shivered pleasantly.

He only hoped that his, over thirty, body still was just as good as when he worked without a shirt back when teaching Jack. Actually, he was suddenly rather self-conscious of his body as he thought of it.

Jack smiled as he looked the other over. It had taken him a while but he finally had his teacher right where he wanted him. His hands could feel the other's gorgeous body as he massaged it. He loved the shivers that he could send up and down the other's body without even trying.

"Finally..." he whispered."I got you in bed..." He moved back down to kiss the other and of course it was a dominating kiss. He was in charge nothing anyone said or did was going to change that. Eclipse couldn't argue or say anything indeed, his mind swept away by that kiss of dominance. While his animal instincts wanted to exert dominance, he had great control over it and was barely aware of its presence anymore.

He pulled away and removed his shirt showing all of his muscles. He was such a glorious creature. He reached down and took the other man's from him and smiled at the beautiful skin. "You're so handsome," Eclipse murmured up to the donkey as he revealed those youthful muscles, and he couldn't stop his hands from immediately seeking it out to run over those valleys and hard lines.

He knew he was subservient, and knew the other was dominant. Age had nothing to do with it, nor the fact that this was a man he had disciplined. It only made him laugh in his mind and hope he would get a detention and some punishment from Professor Wilkes.

"I'm glad you noticed..." He flexed a bit more for the other as he felt those fingers moving over his body.

"Beautiful..." he whispered before moving to lick a nearby nipple. It made the older feel so relieved that the other wiped away his fears of not being very good-looking anymore. He hummed appreciatively in his throat with that lick and made sure to pinch that lovely pink nipple under his fingers. 

He moaned softly as the reindeer pinched his nipple which was already hard. He soon found himself down on the other's chest sucking on the other's nipple and making sure to get some sounds out of him. He liked vocal partners.

"Ha... ah... good..."

Eclipse's left hand was buried in the donkey's hair, near the back of the skull spurring him on with his little sucking torture while his right ran under the underwear's waistband and rubbed a smooth globe. Though he didn't take them himself, he really was a bit of an ass man.

Jack couldn't help but smile as the other grabbed his ass. It amused him to no end that a man who was such a bottom had a huge thing for asses but what did he care? He was finally getting his night with Eclipse and hopefully more if the other allowed it.

But then again he could always turn it around like he had only moments ago to get what he wanted.

He just had to deal with Jack making his skin burn as though on fire before he would get anything. And considering he had been waiting for this opportunity for a long time it was so hard to stay put. Eclipse was in his almost permanent rutting season, and he was painfully hard for the other.

"Jack... please..." he breathed, grinding his hips into the other's to make him groan. 

He groaned as the other moved against him. His hands moved to his pants and he took them off, seemingly, with magic. He smiled as the reindeer caught a good look.

"Like what you see?" He teased. He removed the other's pants and found himself unable to continue without thoroughly licking the other down. 

Eclipse had to keep himself from licking his lips, though from his smirk he clearly did like what he saw there. His little jackass had grown up well, hadn't he? Oh, this would be fun wouldn't it? Oh yes...

He held his legs back and apart though it was difficult to continue to do so after the other starting licking him. Jack smiled to himself as he let his tongue continue to pleasure the older male. Finally, it wasn't just a dream. This was so much better than any dream could ever be and here he was with the man of his dreams.

It was so good, and so when the other was about to push into him, Eclipse was over ready for it. He pulled the other's head down while putting his legs over the other's shoulders. 

"Jackie, ride me hard..." he whispered, with a lick to the other's neck. 

The other asking him to ride him... hard... That only made everything better. He was going to make sure that this was not a night to forget... Or maybe it would be a night that the other could never forget. He was going to screw him silly and see where this took them. With a quick wave of his hand he was lubed up.

"I promise... I'll ride you as hard as I can..." He began thrusting into the other before starting to thrust sharply at him. He wanted to make sure the other was feeling it deep in him. 

Eclipse gasped when the donkey pushed suddenly into him and started to thoroughly pound him. The bed surely would have been creaking if Eclipse hadn't silenced it. But Eclipse wasn't thinking about that. No, he was thinking that this was so much better than even the best sex toy.

The body heat, the weight on top of him, the grunting, and the pure animalistic hard sex. It really was since Jack was bloody hung like a... well... donkey. And having that thick shaft driving deep into him was exactly what was making Eclipse cry out to the younger male. 

People did not normally think of Jack as a possessive person but indeed he was. He didn't want to lose Eclipse to someone that didn't deserve and to keep that from happening he was going to show this man the best sex of his life just to keep him coming back to Jack.

"-More! More Jackie!-" he whimpered, holding onto that strong body.

Jack had no idea what that meant but the moans of pleasure let him know that he wasn't hurting the other. Obviously, it had been a long time since the Christmas man had been taken by anyone. It was apparent by he almost virgin opening and how quickly he fell to the donkey.

Jack knew he was good but he was sure that he was nowhere near that good. He continued to thrust into the other. He wanted to make sure this man that he had had crush on since his first year at school wanted him and only him. He needed that reassurance... 

It wasn't much longer before they both came and Eclipse gathered the donkey to him, and held him to his tired body as they rolled to their side. He remembered doing this a few times with Jack when he was younger. Sure, he would have been in trouble if people had known he had let young boy students sleep in his bed, but Jack had been dumped.
