 My adventures at the local bookstore were getting more and more interesting, and more and more frequent. I was back in my favorite booth more and more. Then one evening, my world changed dramatically. 

I was married at the time you see. My wife had some issues that led to a long dry spell. That was what led me to explore my wild side. Quarterly sex just wasn't cutting it for me, but I wasn't ready to move on. So I snuck around on her. 

I still remember the night things changed. We'd been fighting as usual, and it ended up with me telling her,

"I just don't need this shit. I'm going out for a while."

She had a small smile on her face when she replied. 

"I figured. Going back to the bookstore again?"

Oh shit! My heart into overdrive, but I've always had a good poker face. I managed to look puzzled and said,

"What the hell are you talking about? What bookstore?"

She looked a little sad at my reply. But she went on. 

"Look, don't bother lying. I've followed you several times. You're so intent on what's going on there, you never bother to check to see if someone's following you."

She had me at that. I waited to see where this was going. Sure enough, she went on. 

"So what do you do there? Jerk off to videos?"

I looked at her, and with a completely straight face said,

"I'll tell you one thing. I don't jerk off to videos. That much for sure."

She pressed me for more details, but I wasn't going to give them to her. I could see her getting more and more frustrated until I finally said,

"If you want to really know what goes on there, why don't you come with me tonight? I guarantee you one thing. You'll be bored as hell."

She thought about it for a minute, and said,

"Why not? You've got my curiosity piqued. So let's go."

That's not what I expected, and not what I wanted. So I decided to make it as hard as I could on her. 

"Ok, fine. You can come with. But not dressed the way you are. I'll pick out something for you to wear. You either wear it or you don't go. Deal?"

"Deal. I can't wait to see this."

I started looking for something for her to wear. Something so nasty she'd turn me down right away. Digging into my drawer, I came across my old wife beater. Perfect! Then I dug into her clothes, and came up with her tight black shorts. She rarely wore them anymore, but they still fit hey like a second skin. I laid the outfit on bed, and called her back into the room. 

She took one look at what I'd picked out, and said,

"You've got to be kidding. There's no way in hell I'm wearing that!"

"Then stay home then. That's fine with me."

I turned to walk away, and I heard her say;

"Wait a minute. Ok, I'll wear it. I've got to see what's going on."

That wasn't what I expected, but I had to follow through. So I turned and looked at her and said,

"Ok, that's fine. By the way, you'll wear no underwear at all with it. When we walk in, I want all eyes on you."

She shut the door, and got dressed. When she came out, I knew I'd made the right choice. The old wife beater put her 38DDs on display perfectly. And with no bra, her nipples were plainly visible through the fabric. The shorts still fit like a glove too. Actually, she looked great. But she was not in any mood that could lead to fun. Surprise, surprise.

We walked to the store that night. I was enjoying her discomfort. She knew exactly what she was showing off, and she wasn't blind. She could see drivers slowing down for a good look at her bouncing chest. Mentally I kicked myself for not making her put on makeup. I could just imagine her out there, dressed like that with some heavy hooker makeup on. 

We walked in, and I got my usual amount of tokens. The guy behind the counter was staring at her mostly exposed chest the entire time. Then we walked back into my favorite booth. 

She looked around, clearly not impressed with the surroundings. Then she looked at me and said,

"So go ahead. Show me what goes on here."

I put my tokens in, and found a movie I knew would shock her. There was a couple on the screen. The guy was naked, and was busy removing the girls clothes. That's where it got interesting. The guy slipped off her lingerie exposing...a rock hard cock.  

That got the wife's attention. I heard her murmur,

"Oh my God."

She stared at the screen. This was clearly something she'd never seen before. She was transfixed as the guy slowly kissed and licked his way down her body. The wife's eyes almost bugged out when he took the girls cock in his mouth and started sucking. She was riveted to the action on the screen. I was mildly amused by that. Porn turns her on; go figure. 

She was watching intently when the stakes got raised. I heard the door next to us open and close. Porn started playing, and I could see movement by the hole in the wall. She noticed it to, and asked me,

"What's that? There's someone in there isn't there."

"Yes dear there is. And if you keep watching, I'm pretty sure you'll see more."

Sure enough, just then a hard cock slid through the gloryhole. Her jaw dropped. 

"What the fuck? 

I explained.

"There's a complete stranger over there dear. And he's hoping he'll find someone to suck his cock."

It was then the realization hit her. She turned to me and said,

"So tell me. Have you had an anonymous stranger suck your cock?"

"And if I have?"

She was quiet for a moment, then she softly said,

"Actually, it would be kind of a turn on."

You could have knocked me over with a feather at that. That's not what I was expecting at all. Then she asked me another question. 

"Wait a minute. Have you been on the other end?"

"Tell me what you mean, and be specific."

She took a deep breath and asked,

"Have you sucked a strangers cock?"

I couldn't read her expression in the dim light, so I gave her the safe answer again.

"Like I said before. And if I have?"

She leaned over next to me and whispered,

"I'd want to see you do it. I'd want to watch."

That was not what I was expecting. And get answer made me wonder just how far she'd go to experience new things tonight. 

"Well dear, I'm not saying yes or no. If you want to find out, went don't you join in."

She looked a little puzzled, so I told her straight out. 

"Try it. Suck that strange cock. Make him cum." 

I could see her think about it. Then to my surprise, she got down on her knees. That stranger was inches from her face when I said,

"And let's make this a little more interesting, shall we?"

I reached down at that point, and stripped off the flimsy shirt covering her. Those fantastic tits were in the open now, and I could see her nipples were harder than I'd seen them in way too long. She faced the cock again, and I told her,

"Go ahead. Taste his cock."

I can see her tongue as she leans forward and opens her mouth. This guy's in for a treat. I saw her shiver slightly as his cock slid over her tongue. Then she wrapped her lips around his length, and began sucking. I had a close up view of her plunging down on him, then slowly dragging her lips back up. She was giving him her whorish best, and that's exactly what I wanted that evening. I wanted to see her cut loose and enjoy. She obviously did, and after a few minutes, it was obvious he was going to cum. I wasn't sure what she'd do at that point, but she stayed with it, receiving a mouthful of hot cum. I could see her swallowing it all. 

All too soon his softening cock slid back through the wall. The wife turned and looked at me. 

"Wow. Just wow. That was intense."

"Yes it was. Now tell me the truth. Do you really want to see me suck a cock?"

"Oh my God yes! I've actually fantasized about it in the past. I just never thought you would. And I couldn't tell you."

I smiled, and traded places with her. While I was waiting for someone, I looked at her and said,

"Let's fulfill your fantasy then. There's just one thing. After I do, you're going to fulfill mine. And it's the one I've never told you about. Deal?"

She smiled. 

"Deal."

Moments later, the door opened and closed again. And then, a hard black cock came through the hole. Her jaw dropped when I wrapped my hand around it. Then I asked her,

"Are you ready?"

"Oh yeah. Do it."

I smiled, opened my mouth and slid that cock right in. It was a big one, and I could tell right away he was way too excited to last long. So I swallowed as much of his length as I could, with my wife watching from inches away. I could see her hand down her shorts. She was playing with her hot pussy while watching the show. Just then, my anonymous friend came, filling my mouth. I had a treat in mind for her. So I caught it all, but didn't swallow. When his cock slipped back through the hole, I turned to her. I opened my mouth, showing her the load inside. Then, closing my mouth I swallowed it all. 

She came all over her fingers when I did that. After giving her a moment or two to recover, I asked,

"Well? How was it?"

"That was fucking amazing. And it was better than my fantasy!"

"That's good."

The door opened and closed again. It was my turn now. I took her hand and directed get to the side of the booth opposite the gloryhole. Then I turned her so she faced it. 

"Now, there's a stranger over there. He can already see your fantastic tits. Let's show him the rest, shall we?"

And with that, I slid her shorts down and off. The stranger could see everything, and it obviously looked good to him too. His hard cock was through the hole right away. I whispered in the wife's ear. 

"Suck his cock for a moment or two. But don't let him cum. When he's nice and hard, let me know."

She did, and moments later told me he was incredibly hard. 

"Very good. Now, bend over at the waist. Put that hot little pussy right against the hole."

She did, and realized right away what I had in mind. Her eyes went wide, and she said,

"Oh my God. His cock is inside me."

"Fuck that cock dear. Ride him for all you're worth."

And she did. I watched her rocking back on that hard cock, giving him her best. I saw her eyes close and her mouth open and he slammed into her, deeper and deeper every time. I had to ask her. 

"Feel good?"

"Oh my God yes!"

"Are you going to let him cum in that hot little pussy?"

"Fuck. Oh yeah! I'm going to let him!"

"Then open your mouth."

When she did, I slammed my length down her throat. She was spit roasted, rocking back and forth on two cocks. I came first, filling her mouth. Then she did, grinding back against the wall. And that set him off, he exploded deep inside of her. She moved away when he was finished, and I saw a cock slippery her juices slide back through the wall. I held her for a few minutes then, letting her recover slightly. Then I said,

"So I assume you don't have an issue with me coming here anymore?"

She just smiled and said,

"Not at all. But you're bringing me with next time."

I could live with that.