 I had been surfing the gay chat rooms all morning. I watched the chat rooms and checked all of the profiles until I found what I was looking for, a hot, hung guy that lived close by. I clicked on the instant message button and said "Hi, I'm Chris. How are you this morning?" 

The reply was, "Hi, I'm Steve and I'm horny, that's how I am this morning!" I replied that I was so horny that I though my hard cock would explode if I didn't satisfy my desire to suck a hot, hard dick. Steve invited me over.

It turned out that he lived only a few blocks from me. (Hard to believe in a city of 1.4 million people.) When I arived, Steve met me at the door wearing only a pair of running shorts. He was my height, 6'2" and probably weighed 190lbs to my 175. We shook hands and he pulled me close to him, his mouth finding my lips for a hot, long kiss. When our lips finally parted, Steve reached down and rubbed my cock through my jeans. "Here, let me help you get out of these," he said. In a few seconds, I was standing naked in front of him with my hard cock bobbing up and down in time to my pounding heart. Steve pulled his shorts down to reveal his long, thick, semi-hard cock. He looked to be at least 8 inches and thick, compared to my nice sized 6 incher. Pre-cum oozed from the slit of my cock. He reached over and rubbed the clear fluid around the head of my cock.

I pulled him over to the couch, where I sat down and took his meat into my hot mouth. A deep groan escaped from him as my mouth slid further and further until my nose was buried in his pubic hair. We heard a door slam and Steve said, "I hope you don't mind, but I invited a friend to join us." I was a little nervous until Mike walked into the room, kicked off his shoes and dropped his shorts, revealing a cock even bigger than Steve's!

Mike came over and knelt behind Steve. He leaned in and took the head of my cock in his mouth as I returned to slurping on Steve's rock hard pole. Steve motioned for us to get up and follow him to the back of the house to his bedroom. Once there, we all fell onto the bed, each mouth hungry for a hard cock. We had a nice daisy chain going when Mike said he wanted to feel my cock buried in his ass. I slipped a condom over my throbbing cock and reached for the lube. After squeezing some on Mike's puckered hole, I coated my cock with the slick liquid. With Mike on all fours in front of me, I positioned my cock at his asshole and slowly pushed my cock into him. My cock slipped in to the hilt with one stroke. This was definitely not the first time Mike had taken a cock up his ass. We got a good rhythm going, as I started to stroke in and out of his incredibly tight ass. Then I felt Steve's thick fingers working some lube into my asshole. I felt the bed move as Steve climbed on and knelt behind me. Steve pressed the big, fat mushroom head against my asshole. It felt like he was trying to shove a baseball bat in my ass.

I relaxed and pushed back on his pole until I felt the head slip past my sphincter. Damn! His cock felt good sliding deeper and deeper inside my tight ass. Steve kept moaning about how good my ass felt wrapped around his cock. If felt so good that I almost forgot that my cock was still buried in Mike's ass. I started to move back and forth, riding Steve's fat dick and Mike's tight ass. I knew I wouldn't last long at this rate and I could feel the cum rising from my heavy balls. Steve started fucking me faster and harder, tearing my ass apart with the force of his strokes. I felt his cock grow even bigger as he started to cum. I swear that I could feel his hot cum filling up the condom he was wearing. I wonder what it would have felt like if we had been barebacking. I can only imagine. Feeling Steve's cock blasting in my ass pushed me over the edge and I shot my load deep in Mike's ass. I almost passed out from the force.

After Steve's soft cock slipped out of my ass, Mike said it wasn't fair that we had cum and he hadn't. Steve and I rolled Mike over on his back and started licking his thick cock. He was as thick as my forearm. It was a good thing that he was a bonafide bottom, I don't think Steve or I could have handled that thing in our ass!! Steve tried to take as much of Mike's cock in his mouth as he could. He could only fit a couple of inches in his mouth before he couldn't take any more. I started licking and sucking on Mike's big, heavy nuts until I felt them draw up as he neared his orgasm. Steve took his mouth off Mike's cock and started stroking it faster and faster. I slipped a finger in Mike's ass and began massaging his prostate gland. That put him over the edge. The first spurt shot over Steve's left shoulder and landed on his back. The next several spurts delivered more cum than I have ever seen!! There must have been a shot glass full of cum all over his stomach, cock and balls.

We all just laid there trying to catch our breath. That's when Steve leaned over and took my limp cock into his hot mouth. As it began to swell, Mike said, "It looks like we're heading for round two!!", but that's another story.