 Authors note: This story is all based on fact and events that have occurred. My play buddy is gone for the summer, doing volunteer work at a National Park. It will be the end of summer before once again we're rolling on his bed and I give him the pleasure he demands. We're both in our 70s and are small in the "man parts" area.

Dear Paul,

Just looking at pictures of me with your cute little cock jammed into my mouth. You are so much fun to suck and swallowing your big loads of cum...so yummy. I can still taste you on my tongue when I look at our pictures.

I'm so looking forward to having you back here again so I can give my body over to you once more to use for your pleasure. I promise I will serve you good and obey all your commands on how to please you.

I can see myself, climbing the stairs and walking into your bedroom. There on the bed is that fond familiar sight...you, face down with cute lace panties covering your ass...your butt crack peeking through the lacy material. I strip naked, keeping my eyes on your cute tushy. It's almost feminine with your petite, slim body. Yet I know on the flip side is a cock waiting to be pleasured and balls needing to be licked. Of course, deep between those cute ass cheeks, now covered by a thin layer of lace is an opening that's waiting to be penetrated...entered by a hot wet tongue as my unshaven face scratches your soft ass flesh. Over and over my tongue cock will soon plunge into your dark hidden hole. How I wish I could get hard...I'd fuck you into the next week.

Naked, I climb on the bed and knee walk to your head. Now you turn towards my hairy dick dangling in front of you. Quick as a snake, your mouth engulfs my boy size cock and you suck away like a newborn baby on it's mothers tit. God you've gotten to be such a good cock sucker. I'm so afraid I'll cum in your mouth and you'll be so disgusted you'll throw me out. How I wish you liked the taste of cum as much as I do.

I pull out before I explode, tainting you mouth with my spend. I lean down and place a quick kiss on your lips that were just wrapped around my cock. You pull away all to quick and I know where I belong. Moving down to your center, I push down the panties and expose that cute set of cock and balls. A few kisses on your cock head and I move a couple inches lower and begin to gently lick your balls. As my tongue glides over the skin of your sack, I feel your balls move beneath my tongue. 

Now back to your cock. I suck it in and start bobbing up and down taking all your man meat inside my hot wet fuck face. SLAP! I feel the heat of your first slap on my ass, still pointed towards your head. SLAP, SLAP, SLAP! You continue beating my butt as I suck and swallow your cock deep as I can. You use both hands, slapping first one ass cheek then the other. I feel my butt heating up and no doubt you see it start to redden. The spanking spurs me to suck harder and faster until we're both exhausted at this sudden burst of energy.

You order me to finish stripping the panties from you and I comply. As you roll over I hear you say, "Get that bitch face between my ass, you cunt!" I know my place and I move over your ass, spreading your cheeks with my hands. There it is...your pinkish rosebud, so hidden, now exposed. Without delay I lower between you mounds of ass flesh and push my tongue deep into you. Your moans spur me on as I lick, probe, push and fuck you with my tongue...it's now a cock to fuck you they way you love. After your sated from your "ass fuck", you rise up and tell me to lay on my back.

This is much sooner in our play that other sessions, but I know it's been months since you've fucked me and I give in to your eagerness. I lay on my back and wait to serve you. With a final glace at me, you mount my face and the world goes dark. I feel the soft skin of your cock and balls rubbing over my lips and feel you speed up humping my face in your growing excitement. Next I hear, "Open!" You are ready.

I open my mouth, full compliant and your cock, now half hard slips into me, gliding across my lips and tongue. Your balls rest on my chin. I can feel each ball within your scrotum as you just lay there savoring the feeling of hot wetness that now surrounds your prick...the prick that will soon be fucking my face. Now you start..You begin thrusting in and withdrawing...going faster and faster. I can only try to visualize what it must look like...you on all fours with your cock buried deep in my mouth, you whole body bouncing up and down as you fuck my face like it was a hairy cunt. You keep up the rapid pace and all I can do is lie there keeping my mouth wrapped around your thrusting member. I lose all sense of time and just give my body over to your use.

Now I here the familiar moans indicating your close to your climax. I know what's next and prepare. "Here it comes!" you say. I pull my arms around your legs...when you cum, your whole body spasms. The first couple time my ribs were bruised as your knees beat into my side as you start to cum. I've learned to hold them tight now. Protected from your spasms, I soon feel the first shot of your cum boil out from your cock. It's soon followed by spurt after spurt as you empty all the cum that's built up in the months you've been gone. You split the air with bellows of pleasure as your release continues to fill my mouth. I swallow before it begins overflowing as more cum still shoots into my mouth. 

And finally, you're spent. You roll off me and already I miss the weight of you that pressed me deep into the mattress as you had your way with me and sought your pleasure in my mouth. You lay there panting as I savor the final shots of cum still on my tongue. You taste so sweet. I roll to my side and reach over to your now flaccid dick. You jerk as you're very sensitive after that explosive orgasm. Taking that cock that just fucked my face so hard, I gently stroke it with two fingers as you beg me not to. I give you a couple more strokes and sure enough...another pearly drop of cum oozed out. Naturally, I lick your cock head clean and enjoy one more taste of you...'til the next time.

Bob