 Coffee on, Sunday paper spread flat on the table, and I was ready for a perfect morning. Well, almost perfect. It would be perfect with a little company I thought. As I began to read I heard the doorbell ring in the apartment next to mine. I’m somewhat nosy, so I peeked out my window and saw the sweetest little door to door religion boy I had ever seen.

He was in his early twenty’s, short, maybe five four, with short sandy blond hair and huge bright blue eye’s. The big, old polyester suit he wore only added to the image of a little elf. A queer little elf I hoped. I had to stop staring because all of a sudden I had a lot to do in a very short time. 

I have one couch and one chair in my apartment. Thinking fast I threw everything I could get my hands on into the chair so we would both have to sit on the couch. Then I ran upstairs and shucked my clothes. Rapping a towel around my waist, I wet my hair, turned the shower on, then sat on the top of the stairs to wait. 

I felt my balls shift slightly and the first stirring of my eager cock. I hoped he would hurry. It might seem a little too staged if I greeted him with a hard-on. 

I knew my neighbor well so was not surprised when I heard the slam of their door in my little elf’s face. My heart rate increased slightly. What if he skipped my apartment? I needn’t have worried, for the next second came a shy rap on my door. I yelled loud enough so I knew he could hear me, “Just a second!” And counted to ten slowly.

I turned the shower off and walked down the stairs. I had to concentrate now to keep my penis quiet just a few moments longer. Even if the young man ran scared at my pass at least I would have something to beat off about. My lower parts knew this and were eager to get off.

This next part was crucial. I threw open the door and, summoning my biggest smile boomed, “hello! Come right in, come in.” I gently took his arm and led him into my lair. As I pushed him toward the couch I couldn’t help thinking about his arm. Small like the rest of him but hard with the kind of muscle you only get from work. At this point I thought I might have to wipe drool of my chin if something didn’t happen quickly. I steered him towards the couch and invited him to sit. He was nervous. I’m sure he was more used to people slamming doors than inviting him in. He hesitated. I smiled patiently and told him not to be nervous. “I’m just eager to have some company,” I told him, “please sit.” He sat down and I joined him immediately, making sure our legs touched ever so slightly.

“My name is Todd,” he said, reaching across to shake my hand. I took it and held it longer than is polite for just a hand shake. I didn’t move it up or down, but just held it. “It's very nice to meet you Todd,” I said. “Why don’t you tell me all about what brings you here.”

Todd began to talk all about God, and his son and salvation and damnation and on and on. I held his hand the whole time. I stared into his bright eye’s. I watched his cheeks flush. I felt my towel lifting and didn’t care. He had to know what I had in mind by now. “Stop for a second,” I told him. He did. Still holding his hand I asked his straight out, “Is being gay a sin?” 

“I’ve talked to my minister about this,” Todd spoke into excitement, “and he says that its not a sin to be that way only it is sinful to act on it.” He seamed embarrassed and proud at the same time. I touched his blushing cheek with my free hand. “So you’ve never been with a man?”

“No, I haven’t”

“But you think about it?”

“Yes”

“Are you thinking about me right now?” He turned his head to look at the ground, but instead found my swelling manhood and left his eye’s there. “I am, but it's a sin.” He said. I almost felt guilty for what I was putting him through, almost.

“Tell me this Todd,” I asked. “Do you think that God forgives our sins?”

He answered, “of course he does.”

I moved my towel aside and placed the hand I was holding on my swollen member. His hand was cool and sweaty. It was all I could do to not just grab his head and shove it onto me. I spoke through dry lips.” Todd, I think your God would forgive you just this once. What do you think?” I didn’t wait for his answer. I unzipped those baggy polyester pants and put my hand inside. I gently stoked his warm smooth cock, and smiled as he tried to stammer out an answer to my question. Finally, he gave up and lay back stoking my penis, exploring and giving me pleasure.

That was his answer then and I quickly took advantage nearly ripping his clothes off in my haste to get at that small hard frame. He was into it, but passive. When he was naked I had to take my towel off as well. I led him by the cock upstairs to my bed.

Standing by my bed I saw Todd’s arms break out into goose pimples. “Are you scared?” I asked. He nodded mutely. I nodded understanding then pushed the boy face down onto my bed. He started to rise but a firm hand in the small of his back and gentle words telling him to relax seemed to do the trick. There is always some kind of oil on my night stand. Without looking I grabbed a bottle and pored a small amount on his back. He jumped again, but relaxed as I kneaded his back muscles and coaxed his hard body to relax further. My cock was aching and I made no secret that while I rubbed his back my Dick was rubbing his hard ass. I massaged his shoulders first then slowly, agonizingly slowly worked my way down his little elf body. When I reached the small of his back I let one hand wander down over his but cheeks, rubbing his balls, when I sensed that he was as relaxed as he could be I pushed one finger into his asshole. Todd groaned with pleasure. I slipped my other hand underneath him and felt even more blood rush to his cock. I couldn’t see it now, but knew that it was purple. 

I simply could not wait another instant. I grabbed a lubricated condom from my night stand. (He said he was a virgin and I believe him, but there is a huge difference between belief and stupidity.) I put the thing on in record time, grabbed his legs and pulled them of the bed, then shoved myself hard inside that tight, eager ass.

I had Todd’s dick in my hand again and felt it grow harder than steel as I stroked it in time to my own thrusts. God this was good. I pushed my belly onto his cheeks and reveled in the contact. I used my hips to make small powerful thrusts. I felt my balls bang into his, not enough to hurt, but enough to know they were there. Todd turned his head enough to catch my eye. The twinkle in his eye’s told me that he was having the time of his life. I was too.

Lust got thick, more urgent. I increased my pace to match. Soon I was slamming my dick into his asshole harder and harder with each thrust. My hand flew across his purple cock. My grip tightened. We both panted heavy pleasure.

He came first. Cum exploded up to his belly then oozed out over my now still fist and onto my sheets, making then slick. I let go his cock and grabbed his shoulders with both hands. I pushed his whole body into every thrust and laughed my delight as his cum helped the boy slide further onto my speeding dick. My orgasm shook the house. At least it seemed that way as I collapsed into shivering spasms. I was unable to move. Each shift of his weight under me sent new exquisite pleasure, too intense to enjoy radiating out of my crotch and through my entire body. I just lay there on him smelling his clean sweat mixed with the oil and waiting for the tremors to subside enough to allow movement. 

Finally I slid off him, running my tongue down his spine with the movement and watch goose pimples erupt anew over his skin. I made my slow way to the bathroom to discard my condom. While I was their I thought that my new lover deserved something special. First I soaped one hand with warm water, then after letting the water grow hot I wet a rag. On my way out I grabbed a dry towel.

In the bed room I rolled Todd over and grabbed his penis with my soapy hand. I cleaned his stomach, his dick, his balls, and down his legs with the soap then quickly wrapped the hot cloth around his penis. “oh my god, that’s wonderful,” he groaned as I cleaned all the evidence of our pleasure.

After he was completely dry and my sheets were as good as I could get them I touched his face again and said, “Sit up, I want to show you something.”

Todd said, “anything” and sat up. I stood naked in front of him and grabbed a bible from my book stand. He looked concerned. I beamed a, don’t worry smile at him and opened the book to Leviticus. Raising one hand and booming my best preacher imitation I read, “It is an abomination unto the lord for a man to have carnal knowledge of another man.”

Todd said, “That is not funny!” he made to leave, but my eye’s told him to sit still. Taking my pose again I read, “ It is an abomination unto the lord for a woman to cut her hair!” 

“It says that?” Todd looked perplexed. I nodded and read one last time, “It is an abomination unto the lord to touch the skin of a dead pig!”

This time we both broke into huge shaking peals of clean laughter. I collapsed on the bed and into Todd’s arms as we both delighted in the absurdity of gods wrath.

I thought I would never see my little elf again, but about a week later he knocked on my door. He was dressed in the same suit. He had another young man with him. I invited them in and asked them to sit. At first I was a little nervous, but it quickly left as Todd said, eye’s twinkling mischief, “this is Bill, we were just talking about sin.