 Things weren't really different after taking the wife to the ABS. There wasn't any difference in the dynamic of our marriage. I noticed one difference though, and that was in her. 

I got suspicious one day when I found the batteries missing out of all the remotes. So I did some snooping. When I got to the porn drawer, I hit paydirt. Her vibrator was on top. A quick check of it revealed that's where the batteries went. 

I checked the porn stash too. That was interesting. One of her favorites was on top. It was a Penthouse, from when they briefly went hard core. I knew what was in it, and I figured what she'd been looking at. 

It was a gloryhole gangbang scene. Basically, a bunch of women were sucking and fucking anonymous cocks at the gloryhole. The pages of that were folded down and sticky. I could just imagine her opening that and laying back in our bed. I could just see her fucking herself while she thought about those anonymous cocks doing the same to her. 

I rearranged the porn, and checked the next day. Sure enough, that one was on top again. And so it went for the whole week. 

Friday night came around, and we sat around for a bit while it got dark. Then, oh so casually she said,

"Any plans for tonight?"

I thought she'd never ask. 

"As a matter of fact, I do have plans. But the same rules apply as last week. You wear what I want, because I'm in the mood to really show you off. Does that work?"

Her face brightened in a second, and she didn't hesitate. 

"It's a deal. Tell me what we're doing."

"No. First, let me get your outfit for the evening. Or at least for part of the evening."

That got her going. I could see something in her eyes when I said that. It was hunger. She was ready for whatever the night would bring. 

I walked into the bedroom and got the outfit for the night. It was a leftover from our dating days. The top was a skin tight see through lace shirt. The bottom was s short black skirt. She used to wear the top under another shirt just to get out of the house. Then she'd ditch the other shirt and fuck me senseless. Tonight she was going without the other shirt and without a bra. That should get the guys attention. And the skirt barely covered what the law allowed. I knew she'd be the center of attention. 

She didn't complain this time when she saw the clothes I laid out for her. When she walked out, I could see I'd made the right choice. Those 38DDs were on display, and the nipples were harder than usual. It's always cold in her world, but tonight her exhibitionist side had taken over. She'd even stopped to put on some dark red lipstick, which was a nice touch. 

As we drove to the bookstore, I made an offhand comment. 

"You know, I wasn't sure if you'd be up for an evening like this tonight."

"What?" She looked confused at that. "Why not?"

"With the extra mileage you've put on your vibrator this week, I wasn't sure if you'd worn yourself out or not."

I meant that as a laugh line but she took offense right away. 

"What the hell are you talking about? And how would you know about my vibrator and I?"

I swear, someday it was like talking to a three year old. I was patient though. 

"Think about it dear. Every day you went in there, the porn drawer had been rearranged, hadn't it? And every day, you threw the magazine you were using and your toy in on top. Right?"

She nodded, and I went on. 

"So I knew what you were getting off on. And I knew when. That's why tonight's going to be fun. You get to take on all comers tonight. Any way you want. Suck them, fuck them, whatever you want and as many times as you want. It's your gloryhole gangbang fantasy come to life."

That wasn't quite the truth, but it was close enough. I did have something else up my sleeve, but not until she was done. 

I saw her we hand running up and down her thighs, and I said,

"A wee bit excited are we?"

She didn't answer, so I said,

"Spread those legs for me."

She did, and my hand slid up her thigh to the wettest pussy I'd felt in quite a while. She was ready to fuck, and now I knew it. I got my fingers good and wet, and then held them up to her. 

"Suck them clean."

She glared at me, but did as I asked. I loved it when she did that. She'd lick my face clean after going down on her, and sometimes I'd fuck her for a few strokes, then pull out and slide my cock into her mouth. Her love of pussy was an open secret, every since she got busted calling the lesbian hotline. But that's another story. 

We pulled into the lot, and before we got out, I said,

"Wait a minute. One more thing before we go in."

I reached over, and grabbed the neckline of her lace shirt. Then I slowly ripped it, causing the middle to gasped gap open. Now we were ready. 

Walking in was exactly what I expected. Everyone in the place was open staring at those DDs right there in the open. The guy behind the counter smiled at me while he checked out her tits. We walked through, back to the darkened hallway that took us to the booths. 

Luckily, the booth I'd scoped out earlier in the week was open. I'd picked it for one reason, which became obvious a little later. It was smaller than most of the others. Why the were all different sizes I'll never know. Maybe there wasn't a reason at all; it seemed so random. But this one had looked right earlier when I checked it out. 

It was smaller than the others, with a chair. When we walked in, I positioned her in front of me, and I sat down. 

I pumped money into the slot, and some random movie came on. I didn't care what it was. That wasn't what we were there for. But the sounds of it combined with a mostly naked woman and guys all around us had me going right away. I was hard in seconds and ready to go. 

I undid my pants, and stepped out of one leg. Then I sat down on the chair. Looking at the wife, I said,

"You realize you're being watched already don't you?"

She nodded, and I went on. 

"Then let's give them a show to start things off. Suck my cock."

She got down on her knees and leaned forward to do just that. I stopped her before she could suck me in, and told her,

"Wait a minute. Lean back."

When she did, I grabbed the rip in her shirt and finished the job. I tore it right down the middle, freeing those fantastic tits. Now everyone would get a real eyeful. 

I motioned for her to go ahead, and she did. She opened that lipsticked mouth, and took the head of my cock right in. 

My wife was average at giving head. That is, unless she was inspired. Then she was fantastic. Those nights were few and far between at home. Luckily tonight was one of those nights. I watched her slide down as far as she could, then she looked up at me and saw me watching her mouth as she let my length slide back out. She reached the tip again, and her mouth opened. I saw her tongue swirl around the head, then she sucked me down again. 

I watched as she got into it, sucking my cock with a gusto she rarely showed. I was so focused on her mouth, I didn't notice anything else. That is, until she started breathing heavier. That's when I saw the hands wandering over her body. They came through the gloryholes, and they had free access. One was exploring her ass, and the other was sliding over her exposed back. That's when I stopped her. 

"You have some fans dear. Take care of them. Remember, all comers any way you want."

She had a gleam in her eye as she turned to face the first hole. The hand that was there started playing with her tits then, concentrating on her nipples. For someone with large breasts, her nipples were very sensitive. So I knew right away she was loving that. 

He played with her for a few minutes, then naturally wanted more. His hand disappeared, only to be replaced by his cock. The wife grabbed it right away, and after a few strokes, she swallowed it. 

I watched inch after inch disappear into her mouth, until her forehead hit the wall. Then she started bobbing up and down, sucking him like there was no tomorrow. 

It didn't take him long to cum. I knew when it was happening. The wife froze so she could catch it all in her mouth. Then I saw her throat working, and I knew she was swallowing it all. After she sucked him dry, his softening cock slipped back through the wall. 

She turned to her second hole then. There was finger there, beckoning her over. She leaned up to the hole, and a set of lips appeared. He whispered, send I heard her say,

"Actually that sounds like fun. Ok, let's do it."

When his cock appeared, I was curious as to what was going on. She sucked that cock like the first one. When he got close, I heard a tap on the wall. When she heard it, she pulled him out of her mouth and started stroking him. She aimed that cock right at her tits, and he shot all over her chest. He covered those mounds with an amazing amount of cum. Then his cock slid back through the hole, and I saw his eyes there. When she saw him watching, she smiled and lifted one heavy breast to her mouth. He watched as her tongue flicked out, licking the cum from her tits. She licked then both clean, and swallowed his offering. 

I heard a muffled "Thank you" through the wall, and he was gone. She turned to the next cock that needed her attention then. 

She was working on him when I saw it. Behind her, a huge ebony cock came into view. He had more showing through the wall than I had. He was the cliche; a huge black cock. And one this size was what I was looking for. 

Tapping her on the shoulder, I said,

"You'd better look behind you. You're gonna love this."

She turned her head to look, and did a double take. 

"Holy shit. That's huge!"

"That it is, and now you know why I picked this small booth for your adventure tonight. I'd bet if you backed your ass up to that hole, you could get fucked and still suck the cock in front of you."

Her eyes lit up at that, and she did just that. I saw her press her pussy against the hole, and I could just see that big cock tease her for a second before taking the plunge. He slid into her, and I watched her eyes get wider the deeper he went. He hit bottom, and her legs were shaking already. 

"Oh my fucking God! That feels amazing."

Her ass started rocking back on him, taking him deep with each stroke. Then she remembered her other friend, and she swallowed him again. 

I watched my wife being spit roasted there in that dingy booth. I loved watching her live out her fantasy. She fucked and sucked hard and fast until that fat cock in her pussy drove her over the edge. She came all over that cock, her legs shaking. Her moans were incredible and I'm sure that grasping pussy was what drove him too. 

He came deep inside her, and she shook harder feeling those hot jets of cum in her pussy. I saw his cock slip out, and she went back to work on the guy in front of her. 

As she worked him over with her mouth, I saw a second cock invade her from behind. The cock in her mouth popped out, and I heard her say,

"Oh yeah. Fuck me. Fuck that pussy!"

He did just that, and the rest of the evening was amazing. I lost count of the cocks the sucked and fucked. All I know is when she done, she could barely stand from the orgasms. She'd swallowed countless loads, and taken probably the same amount in her pussy. When she shakily stood up, she was a sight. There was cum on her face and tits, and even more running down the inside of her thighs. She looked at me and said,

"That's it. I just can't do anymore."

I kissed her cheek (getting a taste of cum when I did) and said,

"That's fine. But there's one more thing. I get a treat now. Are you ready to go?"

She nodded, and pulled her skirt down. She didn't bother to clean up, she just out the way she was. We walked through the bookstore, and out to the car. It was sitting in the darkest area in the lot, and I'd parked there for a reason. I sat her down and told her,

"Just wait right here. I'll be back in a few with a surprise for you."

She nodded and relaxed in the front seat. I walked back into the bookstore to collect what I needed for her surprise. 

The first thing I bought was an amazingly life like vibrator for her. I figured her old one had been abused enough. Once I had it, and the batteries were installed, I looked around the store. 

There he was. He was standing in the corner, obviously waiting. I caught his eye, and went over to talk. 

He wasn't a stranger. We'd met earlier in the week when I was scoping out the booth for the nights activities. After I saw him, I had to talk to him. 

It turned out he was barely in his twenties, and a football player at the local college. He was there on a scholarship, and was bi. That was hard on him. It was a religious college, and liking guys wasn't tolerated at a place like that. That's why he ended up at the bookstore. 

He was submissive when it came to sex, and a bottom too. The perfect combination for what I had in mind for her that night. 

Her eyes went wide again when I brought him to the car. 

"Baby, I'm fucked out. I just can't do anyone else!"

"I know. He's not here to fuck you tonight. He's here so you can watch."

I opened the back car door, and he sat down facing me. She turned to watch as I stood in front of him, and unzipped, freeing my cock. He didn't even wait; his mouth opened and he started sucking. 

I love a guy giving me head. They have the parts, and they know how to treat them. Do right out of the box, they're better than women almost every time. He was no disappointment. He took my cock into his throat every time, something the wife rarely tried or succeeded at. 

Her eyes widened as she watched, and she started playing with her nipples. Even after all those anonymous cocks, the sight still excited her. And this was different. She'd watched me at the gloryhole, but this was right in front of her. 

She could tell he was good by my moans. He got me good and hard, then it was time for the real show. 

I leaned over to the side and said,

"Do you remember when you told me about your big fantasy? The one that curled your toes every time?"

She nodded, and I went on. 

"He's here to fulfill that for both of us tonight."

"You mean you're going to..."

"Fuck his hot ass? Yes I am. He's a bottom, and loves to fuck. By the way, I got you a present."

I handed her the new toy, and she turned it on and smiled when she heard the familiar buzz. Then she sat back to watch. 

He stood, turned around and dropped his jeans. That cute jock ass came into view, and I knew right away the wife was going to love this. Reaching down behind her seat, I pulled out the bottle of lube I had put in there earlier. Then I made a show of lubing up my hard cock. She watched every movement, knowing what was coming next. 

He knew too, and as soon as my cock was good and slippery, he bent over in the back seat. The wife was watching closely as I slid my cock into him. She moaned as she watched every inch disappear deep in his tight ass. 

I gave him a few moments to get used to my length, then when his hips started fucking back toward me, we started to fuck. She was fascinated by his ass taking my length. She'd done it before, but she'd never seen a guy get fucked. 

She started teasing her clit with her new toy while she watched. She was being very gentle with herself, and after the fucking she got, I could understand why. 

Watching her do that and the tight ass wrapped around my cock had me close all too soon. I knew the big moment was coming, so I looked at the wife and said,

"Should I fill his ass with cum?"

She just nodded, but he had something to say about it. 

"Do it. Fill my ass. I want to feel you cum deep inside me. Breed me!"

I did just that, several hard thrusts later I slammed my cock into him and shot deep inside him. He moaned as I did, filling that tight as with cum. 

I figured he could use a good release too, so after I pulled out, I had him sit down. Then I got on my knees, and swallowed his cock. The wife watched my head bobbing on his cock, and I knew she was waiting to see me swallow his cum. 

I swallowed his length again and again, until finally I felt it. His cock swelled, and I tasted his cum as it shot into my mouth. I wanted to give the wife a real treat, so I caught it all. When he was done, I leaned over and kissed the wife. She knew what was going on, and her mouth opened right away. I let the cum slip into her mouth, sharing it with her. 

We broke the kiss, and both of us swallowed the remainder in our mouths. He got dressed, and left after giving us his phone number. 

We got back into the car, and drove home then. She was quiet most of the way home. When we got there, we climbed into bed. She hadn't said much up to that point. But finally she did. 

"Thank you for tonight. That really did fulfill my fantasy."

"You're welcome dear. You looked great talking all those cocks. I loved watching you get used."

" Thank you again. And you were wonderful too, fucking that guys ass. I have a question though."

"Sure. What's that?"

"Is this going to be a regular thing for us. Other people joining in?"

"That depends on you. Is that something you'd like?"

She thought for a moment, and then said,

"Yes. I think I would."

"Then let's do it. You realize that means men and women, right?"

Her eyes lit up at that. I knew what she was thinking. She'd finally get pussy to play with. It was a win win for me. I'd get anything and everything to play with, as would she. 

We both rolled over, and feel into our separate dreams. We both couldn't wait for the next time we adventured.