 -Money on the Side, Chapter 2. 

Thursday was a tough day. After my audition for the job at the party house I had, as instructed, not masturbated for the entire week, and by the time my last class Thursday ended, my balls were too full, straining against my jeans, and my cock had not been fully limp for the entire day. 

I packed my stuff in my backpack as instructed, just casual clothes to lie around in, and a pair of swim trunks for the pool and Jacuzzi.

I left my dorm and walked across campus in a misty rain that left bright halos around the streetlights and soaked my thick brown hair with cold water. And so I floated off campus that night, a lone specter wandering in the swirling pink mist, my mind burring with images from my audition, and my heart pounding at the thought that my new job--my new life--as a prostitute in a gay brothel-- was about to begin. 

The bus line that ran into the city was all the way on the edge of campus, and by the time I made it there, I was shivering, partly from the cold, but also from the images flashing through my mind. And so I sat, patiently on the bus, with full balls and tingling nipples, waiting for it to work its way downtown through the wet grey maze of the city. 

Finally it deposited me at the city center and I made my way to the appointed corner just as the limo was pulling up. I didn't notice it until it stopped. No Flashy white stretch, just a discreet charcoal grey with blackout tinting on the windows. It looked like old money. There was no driver to open the door, just brief honk of the horn, and I let myself into the back. The partition to the driver was up, and there was nothing to see out the windows, but it was warm in there, and that was enough. On the seat was a note. "Take off all your clothing, and put it in your pack. The ride will be about two hours"

It was a relief to be out of my wet things, and once they were gone, stowed safely with the rest of my day-to-day life in the little backpack, I felt transformed. I stretched out on one of the long bench seats, my bloated balls and cock lolling on my thigh, savoring the warm black leather world around me, insulating me from the cold wet night. I felt elegant. To know that I was the new, prized piece of ass for this thing, this money laden cult of man sex, that my mouth, cock, balls and ass were now owned, waiting to be whored out for the satisfaction of the most perverse of our fair city made me feel oddly.... at home. A geisha. A harem girl. Warm and pink, flesh to be devoured. I was delighted. This was where I belonged, a naked pearl in an oyster of luxury, waiting to be harvested. 

I floated along in my dreams until the car rolled to a stop and I heard the sound of a garage door closing. The door opened, and there stood Jake, in the same robe he had worn at my "Interview" earlier in the week. 

"So Baby, welcome to the farm!" I stepped naked from the limo into a carpeted garage. "been good I see" he quipped, looking at my full balls and throbbing cock. "Yeah, the guys are gonna love you." We walked through a door and past a pool and jacuzzi before heading up to the main floor. 

The house was done in classic brothel, rich colors, thick padded carpet and subdued lighting. Jake took me on a walking tour, the fabulous party rooms at each end of the house, with bars, poles and several low padded "sex stages" for putting on shows or entertaining those who liked to fuck publicly. 

The second floor boasted a dozen bedrooms, all equally over decorated in themes from honeymoon suite to boudoirs in satin and velvet to dungeon. It was this last room that struck me the most--the china cabinet of toys, paddles, and such, the hanging manacles, and the smell of cum and leather we almost too much for me--and Jake must have noticed. He put his arm around me and whispered in my ear. 

"Yeah, I thought you were the type for this. Don't worry we got plenty of tops in here on a weekend, and I got a special look all planned out for your first night that'll drive those hardtops crazy, so chances are you'll get to whore out in here before the weekend's over."

"Now, let's get you on the rack."

Before I could ask what that meant, he led me up to the third floor. Here were bedrooms, tastefully appointed in taupe with pillow tops and comforters. At the end of the hall he pointed out my room, and then led me to the bathroom at the end of the hall. It was a cavern of ice-white tile, and porcelain, and inside stood two naked men in their 20's with brush cut hair. 

"This is Darianna and Dereka--They're here to get you clean, trimmed, and ready, then you can crash until party time" Dave led me to a walk in shower with what looked like a gynecologists table in the middle of it. "Hop up"

I turned to the nearest of the men. "Hi, I'm-"

"No." Jake cut me off "no, here you have only a fantasy name, for a variety of reasons, but mostly so you don't introduce yourself to a trick with the same name as his prick boss, or kid, or whatever, and kill the moment. Should be something soft, and a little kinky."

It just popped into my head. "Mercy. My name is Mercy"

Jake grinned. "Man, you're just gonna be a natural born partyboy, aren't you?"

I raised my eyebrows, questioning. 

"This is a good time to go over a couple of other rules. Verbiage--all the guys who work here are "Partyboys". And that's how you refer to other employees here. Never 'whore' or anything like that. Just Partyboys. Next rule: NO disparaging the other partyboys in any way. Ever. You do it once, you're outta here. We are 100% supportive of each other, so we all feel great about ourselves, our bodies, and having lots of hot sex. Compliments only, and when complimented, compliment back. Believe me, it shows in your work. Finally: You only know each other by your fantasy names, and you only know each other here. You run into another Partyboy out in the daylight world, YOU DON'T KNOW HIM. You don't say Hi, nod, make eye contact, NOTHING! Also, no relationships with the other partyboys outside the house."

For the next few hours Darianna and Dereka worked on me inside and out, soaping and rinsing me repeatedly, shaving and trimming, oiling, and primping me. 

When they helped me to me feet and led me the full length mirror I was stunned. My hair had red highlights, subtle and textured, all my body hair was gone except for a small heart shaped patch over my cock, and my finger and toenails were a deep, deep pink, and with all my pubic hair gone my cock and balls looked huge. 

I walked back into the bedroom and was shocked to find that the clock on the bedside said 6:12AM! I had been traveling and being prepared all night. I was asleep as soon as I pulled the down comforter over me. 

Chapter Three

I woke to the sound of laughter in the corridor. I stumbled out of the room to find the corridor filled with 20 or so other guys my age in various thongs, silk panties, stockings, leather, even one guy coming out of the bathroom in a pink bathrobe and bunny slippers. 

"Haven't seen you before, what's your name?" Said a short red head with an impish face.

"I'm...uh...Mercy"

"Great Name, I'm Shell. Great Dew, and your Cock is GORGEOUS! First weekend?"

I Nodded, flustered that I had wandered into the hallway naked. Then I realized that if you can't let it hang in this crowd....I also remembered the rules. 

"Um, you're....ah...really pretty too, Shell, you have a pretty ass."

"Anytime you need it, it's your's baby doll. But you better get in the bathroom, first call is in 15 Have Fun!"

I went back to the bath where Darianna and Dereka were waiting for me. It only took them a few minutes to re-cleanse and lube me then they sent me back to my room and told me to wait there for Jake.

He entered in the ever-present robe with a bag under one arm, and sat on a chair opposite my bed. "OK, kid, I'm going to get right to it, since this is your first time I want you to play up the virgin thing, right? Ok, I got you a thong and stockings in white lace, and a veil with strappy white heels. I know it sounds campy, but I know what these guys like, right? Right. Now get dressed and let's hit it!"

He stared at me as I smoothed the stockings onto my legs and pulled the thong on. By the time I had the shoes on he had a full-blown hard on peeking out from between the flaps of his robe. 

"I have to cuff you now." His hands were shaking as he strapped the black leather cuffs around my stocking clad ankles, my wrists, and finally, he stood behind me, his hot hard cockhead brushing my asscheeks as he fastened the collar around my neck. 

"Man, you are one hot little bitch, I could really pump a load into your little pussy right now...but I think we better save that for the customers. I'm going to walk you down, and get you started. We'll have a drink at the bar and I'll introduce you around."

He took my arm like a boyfriend, and walked me downstairs.

The scene in the main party room was shocking to me. On the main bed/stage a guy was tied facedown under a backlight while a small crowd had gathered around and was taking turns fucking his ass with different sized white dildos while at the other end of the bed a rough looking biker type held him by the hair and was fucking his face with a fat, red cock. Several men chatted idly at the bar, sipping drinks while more partyboys on their knees sucked on their cocks. Other Partyboys in thongs and heels were dancing on the bar, teasing the drinking throng. The patrons, as the customers were called, all wore white terrycloth robes, and more than a few wore masks as well, owing to a need for anonymity. 

Jake walked me up to the bar, and a partyboy/bartender came up to us. "Whaddaya like to drink, Mercy?"

"Whisky and Coke is good"

"Two of them, please, tall and strong"

I admit my hand was shaking as I picked up the glass. Just as the second swallow hit my stomach and the warmth spread inside of me, I heard a voice behind us. 

"So Jake, who's your little friend?"

We turned to find two patrons in fluffy white robes and black ski masks staring flagrantly up and down my body. Both were in their 40's tall, muscular and tough looking, all the more so because of the masks. The closer of the two reached out and lightly fondled my cock through the lace thong as the conversation progressed. 

I looked up into his eyes, smiled and took a deep drink. 

"This is Mercy. One of the new Partyboys out here. He sucks AND swallows, and he's got a nice, tight little pink asshole. Bend over and show 'em, honey."

I brought the glass to my lips and slowly worked a piece of ice out between my lips before letting it fall into the glass. Then I set the glass on the bar, turned, spread my legs, and bent over and grabbed my ankles, showing my spread ass to the patrons and the room. 

It is a very, VERY hot feeling to be wearing only lingerie and spreading your ass for a roomful of horny gay men. I reached back and pulled the thong to one side, so they had a good look at my hole. I heard several whistles one from one of the two patrons inspecting my, and several from the other side of the room. A finger gently stroked my puckered ring, teasing me. 

"Wow, that is one gorgeous piece of ass. Stand up, kid." 

I did. 

"You ever have two guys at once?"

I smiled coyly and shook my head. 

"Think you could handle me and my Buddy at the same time."

Still, smiling, I sunk to my knees and parted his robe. He was average size; maybe 6" Cut, poofy balls, pretty cock. I leaned forward and took him into my mouth gently. He tasted like precum and that put me through the roof. When he was full hard I leaned in and licked his balls. Then I turned to the buddy. He was the same size, just with a darker cock and a little thicker, with a bead of precum hanging on the end of him. So I took that fat warm cock in my hand and I looked up into his eyes and made a show of smearing that sweet juice all over my lips, then licking them clean as I rose back up and took my drink back from the bar. 

"Yes, Sir. I think we three could have a real nice time together."

"Good boy. Let's Grab a bottle from the bar, and head upstairs."

I smiled, all cool, and super-slut confidence, but my heart was pounding through my chest.

"Let's."