  pt. 3 Male Bonding

Note: if you are not into gay male stories Pt. 3 can be skipped without adversely affecting your enjoyment of the remainder of the series.



I called Nick first thing in the morning at work. To say my brother-in-law was excited about what would happen that evening would be an understatement. It did not take much to convince him to meet me for lunch at my house to come to some kind of agreement to suggest to the ladies regarding future sexual activities.

Quickly we devoured our pizza before launching into the very exciting topic of who would get to fuck who and when. The discussion flowed easily as we agreed on the obvious things like spouses get priority with each other. Then I pulled out my set of handcuffs telling him that Cheryl and my mother were already my submissives. 

His eyes nearly popped out of his head hearing this news. His look turned to shock as I demonstrated the handcuffs by attaching them to his wrist and the rung on the back of the chair. I was proud of myself as I completed this task so fast he did not have time to stop me. Calmly I stood in front of him and unzipped my fly pulling out my member. 

"What in the fuck are you doing Matt? I ain't fucking gay," Nick protested. I looked down and saw the bulge in his pants. Honestly, I didn't know if I was turning him on or just thinking of the situation in general had him aroused I stroked my cock and got closer.

"Fucker if you ever want to have sex with my wife or mother again you will do what I say and when I say to do it. Besides kissing another guy isn't any different than kissing a lady. I'll prove it right now," I said boldly wondering what I was getting myself into. I leaned down and grabbed his head and pulled it up to meet my face. He resisted but I was determined.

He successfully pulled away so I pulled a pair of Cheryl's filthy cum soaked panties from my pocket and showed them to him and rubbed them under his nose. Coolly I spoke, "Cheryl's juices smell pretty good don't they? I know how much you want them! It isn't very hard for you to get more of the real thing just relax and enjoy."

My male on male experiences had been extremely limited. I am more bi-curious than bisexual as I only experiment on rare occasion. For some reason I didn't understand I really wanted Nick at that moment. Firmly I placed my hands on both sides of his head and yanked  his mouth up to meet mine. I had him in a vice-like grip.

His eyes bulged out of their sockets as my lips got closer and closer. Our lips touched lightly. Then taking a deep breath I forcibly rammed my tongue into his mouth. He returned my kiss but it wasn't exactly enthusiastic. But, he had given in enough that on the second kiss I held his head with only one hand. Nick had gotten the idea that I was serious and because of the handcuff he was at my mercy. 

As I probed his mouth with my tongue I dropped my hand to his lap and squeezed his rock-hard cock through his pants. He couldn't help but let out a groan. Our kiss grew more passionate as I ran my hand up and down his shaft. Nick sat there quietly  as I moved down and bit his neck as I unbuttoned his shirt.

Then I fell to my knees and hastily unbuckled his pants and worked them and his boxers off his ass and down his legs. His cock was standing at attention with the black mushroom head shining. I licked my lips in lust but concluded that his member was no bigger than mine. The thought ran through my mind that skin color has nothing to do with cock size. 

I must admit I was a tad nervous as I wrapped my hand around his hard-on. Tentatively I squeezed his balls and he moaned in pleasure. Nick jumped as I gently flicked my tongue across his piss hole. Gingerly I circled the soft cock head with my tongue before sucking it into my mouth. Gradually I sucked more and more of his cock into my throat.

The old timers say that no man can resist a blow job. Nick proved this wisdom correct as soon I found his hips thrusting into my mouth as I bobbed up and down. It didn't take long for him to put his hand on my head and begin caressing my hair and  shoulders. It was amazing how quickly he shot his first load inside of my mouth causing me to gag.

After briefly stopping to taste his salty juices and licking my lips I stood back up in front of him and stripped. It took some cajoling but he was worried about getting back to work on time so Nick took my cock into his mouth and sucked me like a pro. It took only a couple of minutes for me to shoot a large quantity of spunk down his throat. I turned around and shove my ass hole in his face.

To my total disbelief he dove right in to my puckering hole. It was the best ass job I have ever had. His tongue went deep up my shit hole as he played with my little cheeks. Once I thought he had opened my ass hole up enough I slid onto his lap and aimed his cock for my bowels. This was a difficult position but I wasn't going to be denied. With only a couple of attempts he was soon balls deep in my rectum. 

I slumped back against him as he wrapped his arm around my chest allowing my hips to bounce wildly up and down on his thick shaft. His cock felt so huge inside of me and in no time at all I could feel him flood my bowels with his seed. I continued to fuck him until his limp wiener popped out of my rear passage. 

After sitting there for a couple of minutes catching our collective breath I stood up and he had a look of pleading in his eyes as time was short and we both needed to return to work. Of course there was one final act to complete and I think Nick knew it. As when I stood up he stood up right beside me and said nothing as if waiting for the next instruction. Pointing to the table I gave it to him, "Bend over Nick."

Moments later he had his small round black ass on display for me with his arm still attached to the chair. Quickly I lubricated his anus with my saliva licking and sucking on the tiny hole wildly. Standing back up I unfastened the handcuffs. Nick did not move. I took a deep breath and pushed the head of my penis against his opening. It actually made a popping noise as it went inside. 

My partner grunted out loud but then I felt him relax and I shoved more and more of my member into his back door. I don't know which of us had the tighter fit but it felt as if his tunnel was scraping  the skin from my cock; it felt fantastic. The ass fucking took less than two minutes as before I knew it load after load shot from my pecker.

When I fell out I turned away and we hurriedly went to the bathroom and got dressed. I held up my wife's cum stained panties to his nose one last time and gave him a knowing smile. Drawing him into my arms just before kissing him passionately and caressing his sweet ass I asked, "So, now who is in charge around here?"

"As long as you let me have lots of hot sex with everyone, including Cheryl, you are," Nick replied giving in to his sexual desires. We rushed out with me telling him to have fun with the ladies that evening.