 It was a warm night, the breeze from the ocean offsetting the heat. The moon had risen full over the eastern Caribbean. After a long day of hiking and snorkeling, my wife had gone to bed. I wasn't sleepy, so around midnight, I walked from the condo up the dirt road to where it ended on the cliff. At some time in the past a bench had been set there, so one could enjoy the view. I sat down to take in the view. From where I sat I could look east from St. John towards Norman Island and Peter Island and beyond. Lights from a cruise ship twinkled on the horizon. The full moon illuminated the landscape almost as if it were daylight. 

I sat there for about twenty minutes, enjoying the breeze and view. I heard footsteps coming up the road behind me and I knew I wasn't going to be alone much longer. A tall figure came around the bench. Noticing me he asked, "Mind if I join you?"

"Not at all", I said. I scooted over on the bench a bit. My new companion was a tall man probably in his early fifties. His short hair was just turning gray. Like me, he wore only sandals and shorts. 

After a few minutes we struck up a conversation, remarking on the view and the warmth of the night. He introduced himself as Jeff and mentioned he was staying at the condos too. 

Suddenly he said, "I really like coming up here in the evenings and sitting naked in the breeze. Would it offend you if I took my shorts off?" I was surprised by the request but it didn't shock me; truth be told, I came up here some nights and did the same thing.

"No, that's fine," I said, "and I'll join you". Together we shucked our shorts and sat back down. I love the feeling of sitting naked in the tropics. It was warm and the breeze tickled my body. Against my will, I felt my cock stirring. I glanced surreptitiously at Jeff's cock. It was probably 8" semi-erect, how big it would get when hard got my curiosity. I don't usually go hunting for men; my wife and I have a great relationship. But occasionally I feel the need for something else. Now sitting next to a naked man alone on the cliffside bench was awakening that need.

As if sensing the same thing, Jeff said, "You know, sitting here like this, sometimes it makes me really horny, you know? Sometimes I think I'd do just about anything." 

I got the hint. "I know exactly what you're saying," I said, "sometimes I come up here and get so turned on I have to jerk off."

Jeff smiled and his right hand reached for my left thigh and squeezed lightly. The dance had begun. In response, I just spread my legs wider. His hand caressed my thigh for a few moments and then he reached for my cock. It exploded into hardness as his hand wrapped around it. I groaned as he slowly worked his hand up and down it. I threw my head back and closed my eyes. I tried to reach his cock, which I could see bobbing against his stomach. "Don't worry about it," he whispered. Then he slipped off the bench and knelt on the ground between my legs. Without a word, he slipped my cock into his mouth. Now I really moaned as he slowly and expertly sucked me off. First he would take all of my seven inches in his mouth gently sucking. Then he'd come off and lick my cock up and down, then move down and suck my balls into his mouth. After a few minutes of this, he worked his way lower and I felt his tongue on my asshole. He rimmed me with great enthusiasm. I put my feet on his shoulders and shifted so he could get a better angle. His tongue started to probe my hole and I just about went over the top.

This went on for minutes. His technique was incredible and he seemed to know when I was about to come, then back off. I held his head in my hands as I urged him on. Finally, he took me back in his mouth and it was too much. I whispered hoarsely that I was coming and he dove down on me. I exploded in his mouth and he took all my cum. Completely spent, I collapsed. Jeff stood up, then bent down and kissed me, long and hard, his tongue playing with mine. I almost passed out from the passion of it.

He broke the kiss. "Turn around," he said. I shifted on the bench so that I was kneeling on it, facing away from him. I leaned forward as far as I could, leaning over the back of the bench. I felt him behind me and then the head of his cock at my ass. Slowly, gently, he pushed forward. My body resisted for only a moment and then he slipped in, lubed by his tongue job and some of my cum. He took his time and slowly worked into me. I had only a brief glance at his cock before I turned around and it must have been at least 10". It felt more like two feet. Finally, I felt his pubic hair tickling my ass and I knew he was in. He started moving in and out, taking his time and spinning out his pleasure. 

It felt so good. In the hot tropical night, breeze blowing, the landscape lit by the moon, the huge cock up my ass. I stretched as wide as I could for him. He continued to pump me.

Then I heard voices on the road. I looked up to see a young couple strolling up the road, no doubt enjoying a romantic moonlit walk. At first they didn't see us, but about thirty feet away they stopped. Jeff was still moving in and out of me. I know he saw them but neither one of us particularly cared. The young woman whispered something to her companion and pulled on his arm. He resisted and they whispered amongst themselves. Finally the young woman turned and hurried off back down the road. The young man watched us silently for a few moments. He appeared to be in his twenties and was about 5'6" with dark hair and dark eyes and well built. 

After a moment he started walking towards us and as he did he unbuttoned his pants and pulled his zipper down. I smiled to myself. He walked right up to me and pulled out his cock. It was a good seven or eight inches and hard. He held it out and I opened my mouth and he slipped it in. Keeping one hand to balance myself on the back of the bench, I grasped the root of his cock. I took him deep into my mouth and started sucking him off, my tongue playing with the underside of the head. He closed his eyes. A soft groan came from him. I worked my way up and down the shaft, then licked around the head. Meanwhile, Jeff was still working in and out of my ass.

I was feeling pretty nasty. I let his cock fall from my lips. I looked up at my new friend and said "She doesn't do this enough for you does she?" He groaned and I licked the length slowly and seductively then took the head in my mouth. After a moment I came off again. "You really want her to suck you off and she won't will she?" He shook his head and I deep throated him again. "I'm going to give you a blow job you'll never forget," I said and he groaned louder. I bent to my task, licking and sucking, taking as much of him as I could, licking down the length, pausing to suck his balls into my mouth. He suddenly reached out and grabbed my head with both hands and started to fuck my mouth.

My new friend tried to increase the tempo, but I resisted and instead licked and teased him. I swirled my tongue around the head, then sucked on it hard. I'd let him fuck my mouth for a minute, then slow him down with the pressure of my hand still wrapped around the base. I'd suck the first half while I gently stroked him with my hand. Then I'd slowly take all of him in my mouth and work in and out. After minutes of this I could hear him moaning and feel him twisting and I knew he was close.

All this time, Jeff was fucking my ass. He was absolutely huge inside me. He'd be gentle for a bit, moving slowly in and out. Then he would pick up the pace and pound me without mercy. After a bit I heard him grow and I knew Jeff was finally going over the edge. His thrusting suddenly became faster and faster. I could feel his hands clenching on my hips. I stopped sucking my friend for a minute so I could concentrate on the fucking I was getting. I was panting "uh, uh" as pounded in and out. He gave one last thrust, grunted and I could almost feel him firing his load up my ass. He shuddered and then with a plop his cock slipped out of my ass. I felt open and empty. I could feel his cum trickling out of my ass. 

I quickly resumed sucking my unnamed friend. I went down on him with a vengeance, sucking as hard and as fast as I could. He went fast. He put his head back and cried out. Suddenly, my mouth was filling with hot, salty cum. Yum! I swallowed most of it, the rest running down my chin. I continued to gently suck and lick him until he softened. Then I let his cock slip out of my mouth. 

"Thanks," he whispered, and he stepped back, zipped up his pants and returned down the path. I sank to bench with Jeff. He wrapped his arms about me and we lay there for a while, coming back to reality, watching the sea in the moonlight.