 This is a continuous story. In order to understand it fully it is best to read it in its entirety, starting with Chapter 01.

The story so far: Josh had been doing research at the UT Medical in Galveston to perfect a cloning technique that would allow the transfer of the human consciousness into a cloned but not sentient body, effectively just a human shell. An attack on the lab destroyed all the work and killed the lead scientist. Josh knowing everything that was required to duplicate this research kept it a secret and did it in his home. Josh had produced 5 clones, 3 males and 2 females. Using these clones he would fulfill all his sexual fantasies.

Chapter 06 - First Homosexual Experience

Josh looked at himself in the full length mirror. The transfer into the new body had been a success. This was the first time he had ever tried this particular clone body. In fact the only other clone he had used had been the Ethan clone. He had named this one David. It was one of the three male clone bodies he had in his collection.

The David clone was an excellent specimen. Josh thought this body would be perfect for what he had in mind. The David clone was 5'8" tall with long dark, almost black hair, down to his neck, it kind of reminded Josh of a musician. Thin with wiry muscle. 

Josh looked down at his penis. "About eight inches. Not bad."

Josh spent most of the day cleaning up and preparing the David clone. There were lots of things to do. He had to buy it clothes. Get it a hair cut. All the standard grooming that a body needs. The clothes he bought the David clone were more of a trendy style as opposed to the Ethan clone who was more upscale.

Josh woke up from his nap. He spent the better part of the afternoon shopping and running errands. He had taken a nap so he wouldn't be so tired when he went out tonight. He was excited about the prospect of his next sexual adventure. He had never had sex with a man. He had always been curious. Unwilling to ever act on that curiosity, that is what it had remained, just a curiosity.

Things had now changed. With his ability to transfer his consciousness into clone bodies, he was now free to lead as many different lives as he wanted. Be anyone he wanted. It was a way for him to be an active participant, while still being able to disassociate himself. It was like getting to wear a mask. If you didn't like what was happening. You could just leave and take it off and no one being the wiser.

It also gave him a feeling of power. Knowing something no one else knew. Being something no one else was. Josh never had to grow old. He was an immortal walking among men. The people of the world were there only for his entertainment, to satisfy his curiosities and fulfill his desires.

Tonight another one of those curiosities and desires was about to be quenched. Josh looked one last time in the mirror before leaving his home. Satisfied with his appearance, he was off to the rich hunting grounds of downtown Houston.

Josh drove through the Montrose neighborhood. It was the gay district of Houston. Driving past several gay bars he came across Rick's Lounge. It was as nice a looking place as any of them. He saw a few guys walking in who were dressed nicely. Not the over the top leather pants and biker hats he had seen at a couple of the others.

Josh walked into the lounge. The first thing he noticed was there were no women to be found. This was fine with him since he wasn't looking for one. It was just a little unusual for him, since he had never been in a club that was entirely populated with just one sex. Josh walked to the bar.

"Hi." Said the bartender. "What can I get you?"

"Martini. Straight up. With a twist."

"Straight up. With a twist. That's how I like it to."

Josh got his drink and made his way to one of the large sofas that were scattered throughout the lounge. He had barely sat down before his first suitor approached.

"Hi. Mind if I join you?"

Josh watched as the guy sat down before he could even give an answer. Not a bad looking guy, clearly the feminine type.

"My name is Aaron."

"David."

"That is such a pretty name. I saw you sit and I just had to meet you." Said Aaron with the stereotypical flamboyant hand gestures.

Josh was not entirely sure what he was looking for, he just knew from past experience not to settle for the first candidate that came along. "Thanks Aaron. I like your name to. Listen, I just got here and wanted to relax for a few minutes and have a drink. Maybe later, when I am a little more relaxed, we could talk."

Aaron took the brush off with stride. "Ok sexy, you know where to find me." Grabbing his drink he headed off towards another guy who had just sat down.

Josh resumed sipping on his drink and scanning the lounge for prospects. Watching the interactions as people met, talked, separated and moved on. It wasn't long before Josh was approached a second time. Josh saw this guy as being the polar opposite of Aaron. He was in his mid forties, masculine and dressed in Dockers and a white button up.

"Hello. I'm James." He said offering his hand.

Josh took his hand. "David."

"You're new to this aren't you?"

"Never been here before." Answered Josh with a short sentence and not offering additional conversation. Hoping the guy would take it as a hint and go away.

"No. I meant to trying to pick up guys."

Josh was now paying more attention. What. Was he wearing a sign or something? "What makes you think that?" Asked Josh now curious.

"Well. Your dressed really nice. So you clearly want to be noticed. You passed up the first guy that came to you and now you're looking around watching everyone. Tells me, you're not exactly sure what you want."

"And you got all this from me brushing off one guy and sitting here for ten minutes. What are you a psychologist or something?"

James laughed. "No, just a student of human nature. I see people like you come in here every once in a while. They come in looking for someone or their idea of someone. But they're not entirely sure who or what it is."

"And do you know what it is I'm looking for?"

"I have a pretty good idea. Why don't we go take a walk outside?"

"What's wrong with in here?"

"Great place to have a drink. But it's too noisy and crowded to have a conversation."

Josh couldn't explain why but he was drawn to James. It wasn't like the guy was attractive; Aaron was a lot sexier than he was. He couldn't put his finger on it. Josh got up. "Let's go for a walk."

Josh and James walked out of the lounge and headed off to the side parking lot.

"Where are we going?" Asked Josh.

"My truck. It's the red one in the back."

When Josh got to James truck, he watched as James opened the driver's side door. Reaching in, he grabbed a pack of cigarettes and a lighter.

"Can't smoke inside. Can't really smoke anywhere these days."

Once James lit his cigarette, he left it in his mouth. Reaching down he unbuttoned and then unzipped his pants. Pulling his boxers down, exposing his limp penis.

Josh was amused at what was happening. "Your penis fell out."

"Funny. This is what you wanted."

Josh watch as James grabbed his hand and placed it on his cock. He couldn't believe he was letting this guy do it. He just stood there with the guy's limp cock in his hand. He felt excited. He wasn't worried about someone seeing him since James's truck door was blocking any view.

Josh felt as James grabbed his shoulder and started to push him down. Something he himself had done to a couple of other woman. Josh slowly went down to his knees. James cock directly in front of him. He felt as a hand was placed on the side of his head and pulled him forward. Josh didn't resist. He didn't know what he felt. He just knew he didn't want to resist.

Josh took the limp cock into his mouth. It felt wonderful. Remembering the blowjobs he had had, he started to suck. He could feel as it began getting harder, growing inside his wet mouth.

"See David. I told you I knew what you were looking for. You just wanted a cock to suck."

Josh had about three inches of the six inch cock in his mouth. It was an amazing contrast. While the cock was hard, the skin was soft and smooth. Josh licked the entire length of the shaft from the head down to his balls. Josh took his balls in one hand and began to message them. The cock in his mouth sliding in and out easier as his saliva coated it.

Josh felt like such a whore. Yes. That was the feeling he had. It was also a feeling he liked. He could feel his own erection straining in his pants, begging to be freed. Josh sucked the cock and savored the feel of it in his mouth, twirling his tongue around the head before fitting as much of it as he could back into his mouth. He could hear the slurping and sucking sound his mouth was making as he gave his first blowjob.

"You like it don't you?" Asked James, as he watched the young man give him a blow job with enthusiasm.

"Yes." Replied Josh.

"A pretty boy like you. I knew that's what you were craving."

Josh felt as James began to tense. He knew he was close to coming. Josh started to pull the cock out of his mouth and then felt a hand grip the side of his head.

"No. Why don't you go ahead and finish in your mouth. If this is your first time, and I think it is. You should do it right. Besides, I think you will enjoy it."

Josh left the cock in his mouth. James was right. He wanted to taste the cum in his mouth. Josh felt the first blast of sperm hit the back of his throat. He was a little surprised at the force but didn't remove his mouth. He could taste the hot, salty cum as it coated his tongue. He liked the way the cock throbbed in his mouth as it released another jet of cum. He swallowed it down in one gulp and then sucked on the head trying to get just a little more.

Once josh had sucked the cock clean, James put it back in his pants. Standing up Josh looked at James. "What about me now?"

James smiled at him. "Sorry David. That's not really my thing. You probably won't have any trouble finding a guy in the lounge." James got in his truck and started the engine.

Josh watched as James drove off. Then looking towards the lounge he smiled.

"Hey Aaron. Remember me?" Asked Josh as he tapped Aaron on the shoulder.

"Oh my god! I thought you left."

"No. Just went out for a little air."

"So. Are you relaxed now?"

Josh took Aaron by the arm. "Now I am relaxed. What do you say we get out of hear and get better acquainted?"

"I thought you would never ask."

*****

Josh walked into his hotel room with Aaron. Fixing them both a drink at the bar, Josh decided, given Aaron's feminine disposition he would have to be the aggressor this time.

Josh turned around and handed Aaron his drink. Then with his now empty hand pulled him close. Taking a big drink he placed it on the counter. Aaron did the same. Josh felt as Aaron's hand went immediately to his stiff cock.

"Looks like someone is happy to see me." Quipped Aaron.

"Yeah. Why don't you go down and make friends."

Aaron went down on his knees. Undoing Josh's pants and pulling them open just enough to get out his cock.

"Mmmm. It's beautiful." Said Aaron with a look of delight on his face.

Josh watched as Aaron took the cock in his mouth. He had blowjobs before. This was some how different. There was something very erotic about having another man's mouth on your cock, different, but the same. Josh could now understand James's appeal to having his cock sucked by another man, while not necessarily wanting to do it himself.

Josh leaned back against the bar and enjoyed the oral stimulation. This was clearly not Aaron's first time. The feeling of his tongue as it rolled around the head of his cock. The warmth of his mouth as he took just over half of Josh's eight inches.

Josh lifted Aaron by the shoulder. "Come on. Let's go to the bedroom."

Once in the bedroom they both undressed. Reaching into the night stand he pulled out a tube of Anal Eaze. Seeing Aaron get on his hands and knees on the bed, it was clear who would be getting fucked first. Josh put some of the lubricant on his finger and worked it into Aaron's ass. Then taking some more he coated his penis.

Josh kneeled behind Aaron and pressed his cock at the entrance. Pushing a little harder each time until the head went in, slowly working his way deep into Aaron.

Aaron dropped his head. "Oh, that feels so good. So nice and fat."

Josh now had the length of his shaft inside. Aaron's ass taking it, as it had so many before. Enjoying the feel of how tight it was. Reaching underneath Aaron he grabbed his erect penis and began to jerk him off while he fucked him from behind. Josh Noticed again how smooth the skin felt in contrast to the hardness of the shaft as he stroked Aaron. Between Aaron's blowjob and his tight ass, Josh did not last long. He started pumping Aaron's ass harder, releasing his grasp of Aaron's cock so he could place both hands on his waist. Josh pulled Aaron towards him so he could get in as far as possible. Josh's body trembled as he released his sperm deep inside another man. His cum mixing with the lubricant made his dick slide in and out easier. The build up and release as he ejected another load.

"That felt so good. Having you come inside me." Said Aaron as he grabbed the Anal Eaze and coated his cock.

"I guess it's my turn." Said Josh as he assumed a position on his hands and knees.

Josh felt Aaron as he rubbed the lubricant onto his ass. His thumb pushing at the entrance until it went in. Josh closed his eyes as Aaron began to work his thumb in and out. Josh opened his eyes when he felt Aaron's cock at his ass. He could feel as the head slipped in and then got tighter as the thicker part of the shaft tried to stretch him out.

Aaron worked his cock in and out of his partner. "Oh, I love it. You're so tight." Aaron liked to see his cock going in and out of another man. Slowly pushing it in and watching it disappear into David's ass.

Josh was in heaven. Even though he had just come, he was starting to get another erection. This new experience of having another man's cock inside his ass was intense. For him there was nothing emotional about it. It was primal, carnal, it was pure sex and incredibly erotic. "That's it Aaron. Fuck me! Fuck me hard. I want to feel your cock in my stomach. Tear my ass up."

Aaron began to fuck David harder. "I like it when you talk dirty. You like getting fucked in the ass just as much as I do. You like having a big hard cock inside you." Aaron pulled his cock completely out and looked at the opening. "Your ass looks so good with the hole stretched out. All open and inviting."

Josh felt Aaron's cock go back in. The feeling as his partner grabbed his hips and thrust deep and hard inside him. Even though Aaron was the more feminine of the two, he felt dominated right now and enjoyed it. Especially the way his hard cock dangle below him and slapped his stomach with each thrust. Every once in a while he tightened his anal muscles to grip the cock tighter.

Aaron started to fuck his partner harder. "I'm about to cum."

"That's it Aaron, cum inside me. Shoot your load in my ass."

Josh felt as Aaron released inside him. He could feel the hot jets of sperm as they coated the walls of his anal cavity. He could feel Aaron's hard cock stiffen each time it released another load. Then at the end a few more twitches as the remainder of the sperm was ejected.

Josh had really enjoyed the experience. He had asked Aaron to stay the night. They fucked each other twice more before he left the next morning. By the third time, Josh had sperm seeping out of his ass and running down his leg. This was definitely something he would be doing again. The feeling of dominating and being dominated, he found he really enjoyed this more widely accepted taboo.