 I had met a really nice African-American guy named Karl for some hot sex. I was travelling for business and was satisfying my bi desires on these trips. I had met Karl through a gay chat room and we had a great hook-up. We promised to meet up again when I had to visit his city again. (See "My First BBC" for the story of how I hooked up with Karl.) 

Karl and I exchanged e-mails and I told him I was coming to his city soon. He mentioned that he had hooked up with another African-American man and that they had a regular thing. I asked him if they would be into threesomes. Karl checked with his friend and replied in the affirmative. I was beyond excited about the opportunity to hook up with two black guys.

Karl told me that his friend was named Leon and that they would love to have an encounter with me. I could not wait until the meeting happened. We met in my hotel bar. Karl was about 6-2 and slender. Leon was shorter and built like a linebacker. We chatted a bit over drinks. I enjoyed their company and was extremely excited about the idea of having sex with both of them. 

I told them I would go to my room and that they should meet me there in 5 minutes. Once in the room, I stripped naked and waited anxiously for the knock on the door. I opened it and hid behind the door as I did. I did not want anyone in the hall to see me. Karl and Leon entered the room and I shut the door behind them. They both smiled to see me waiting for them naked. It did not take long for both of them to strip off all their clothes.

I fell to my knees and opened my mouth as soon as they were both naked. I started sucking their cocks. Karl had a long, thick one - about 9" but Leon's was much thicker though not quite as long. 

I was in heaven licking and sucking these huge cocks. I moved from one to the other eagerly sucking and licking up and down their thick shafts. It wasn't long before Karl told me to get on all fours on the bed. I lubed up my ass while he put on a condom.

Karl positioned himself behind me while Leon went in front. Karl stuffed his big cock into my ass while Leon pushed his dick into my mouth. It felt so good to have one big dick in my ass while I sucked on another one. Karl pounded my ass while saying "you love this big, black cock don't you.'

"Oh God, do I love feeling you fuck me with that big black cock" I moaned in reply. "I love the taste of your cock, Leon." I managed to say before I went back to sucking him. Karl kept up a furious pace I loved feeling his cock hit the inner walls of my ass.

I heard Karl moan and say "I'm cummmmmming!" He let his cock stay in my ass while it deflated. My ass felt so empty when he finally pulled out.

Meanwhile, I was still sucking Leon when he warned me that he was about to cum. I sucked harder and was rewarded with multiple spurts of sweet, hot cum. I did not miss a drop and even kept sucking and licking for a minute or so after he finished. I smiled up at him and said "that tastes good."

We took a break and shared the whisky I had in the room. I said I would be ready for another go in just a few minutes and that I wanted Leon's cock deep inside me. Leon stroked his cock a few times and it sprang back to life. I smiled and got on all fours on the bed. Leon said "turn over, I want to watch your face while I fuck your white ass."

I eagerly complied and Leon took my legs and spread them, holding them in the air. Slowly his thick cock invaded my nether regions. It was a little difficult at first since his cock was thicker than Karl's but he was soon able to bury his shaft balls deep.

While Leon started fucking me, Karl laid down with his cock positioned next to my mouth. I took the hint and started sucking it. I was in heaven, one thick cock in my ass and another one in my mouth.

Leon would slowly pull his cock back and almost completely out of my ass and then plunge it back in. I felt so full! He kept this pace up for quite a while and then he started really slamming his cock deep in me. I could feel his big balls slapping my ass as he pounded it. "I am one happy slut," I managed to say and then went back to sucking Karl's cock.

Since they had already cum once, it took quite a bit longer this time. Leon finished first. "I am going to cum and I want it in your mouth!" He pulled out and I got on my knees and took Leon's cock as far into my mouth as I could. I sucked and slurped on it and, after about 90 seconds, he shot another big load down my throat.

Karl took his place and it didn't take long for him to shoot a stream of hot cum in my mouth. Again, I kept sucking and didn't waste one drop of his seed. We lay on the bed and Karl returned the favor by sucking my cock, while Leon looked on with a big smile. I hadn't cum as hard as I did that night since I was in my 20s. 

We sat around the room and chatted over another drink. A good time was had by all and I promised to contact them when I would be returning to their city. I told them I couldn't wait until the next time since that was one of the most erotic experiences I ever had.