 Before I start, readers need to remember that a lot of the stuff I write about covers earlier days, before Homosexuality was legal. It was hidden and if you were gay you had to be very careful about your behaviour and where you could go to meet likeminded men. 

Standing at a urinal in a public toilet and surreptitiously watching your neighbour's arm to see if he were wanking and then moving your arm similarly so he could get the message and then both turning towards each other to see our cocks and a whispered invite to meet outside. 

This was not always the best way to make a contact so, consequently, to "scratch the itch", glory holes were to be found in most men's toilets and it was rare that you would not find a likeminded soul in the next cubicle, regardless of the hour or the day. 

The Law was not changed in NZ until 1986 and then we began to get Cruise venues and Gay saunas and this opened up the whole scene. The aids crisis forced the local authorities to make a concentrated effort to block up glory holes, reline partition walls etc and today you would have to be incredibly lucky to find one anywhere.

Any locals reading this will probably remember with affection these locations and probably could add to the list too.

Howick toilets, Beresford St toilet, Potters park toilet, Devonport toilet, Cheltenham beach toilet (the park along to the left),Albert Park toilet after dark with the Police Station only 100 yards away. Sandringham Toilet - pickups only, Durham Lane toilet also pickups only, 

It was almost guaranteed you would get a blow job through the glory holes in these spots or easily meet a likeminded gentleman. 

Potters park often had a queue lining the wall beside the cubicles waiting to enter to get their blowjob on the way home from work. Everyone studiously looking at the floor or the ceiling and avoiding eye contact and all knowing that inches away behind the wall some lucky bugger was getting his cocked sucked.

I was 18, we had just arrived in Auckland and I did not know the city at all but I had found the Durham St bog and stood at the urinal to see what would happen. This tall good looking bloke smiled at me, displayed his cock and whispered "follow me" which I duly did. He led me down the lane and into the side entrance of a large building, up a flight of stairs to what was obviously the staff toilets. He ushered me into one of the cubicles and sat me down and shut the door behind us. He then unzipped my fly, I think I need to say here that this was my second experience of being with another man, the first time the guy masturbated me for a couple of minutes and then left so I was agog to find out what would happen this time with this chap.

Anyway he unzipped me and managed to extract my very stiff boner from my underpants and slowly but beautifully started to wank me. Oh this was so delicious but then, to my immense surprise he knelt and took my cock into his mouth. All sorts of conflicting emotions. God it felt lovely, oh this is so dirty putting my cock into his mouth, it was so unhygienic - remember I was VERY naive back then, I pushed his head away, it was all too much. So he wanked me instead and I had an orgasm but it was tempered with the thought that my cock had been in this man's mouth, I would need to wash it, dadadadeda nonsense like that. Guilt, shame, fear - all that rubbish.

As time progressed I discovered that lots of men wanted to put my cock into their mouths and eventually one Friday night in the dark in the Albert Park toilet I overcame my reluctance and when an unseen man in the darkness bent to take my cock into his mouth, I let him. Now I discovered how enjoyable this could be but someone came in and we promptly stopped and my "partner" shot through and I was left unsatisfied but knowing that maybe this was not such a bad thing after all.

The first guy who I really let suck me properly was a man I also met in Durham Street a short time later and he invited me to come to his home. He lived in a cottage behind the old Arts Dept at the University. He took me to his bedroom, undressed us both and lay me on his bed and proceeded to really introduce me to the joys of being the recipient of excellent oral sex. 

This was all many, many years ago but I can still remember the warmth of the sunshine coming through the high windows, the walls were painted light green, the bed was warm he was so very gentle with me, stroking my body gently, just brushing past my very erect cock and then he moved down the bed and got between my legs and started to blow me. I think I would describe this as my first proper blowjob, the others had been a suck and then a wank but this was the real McCoy. Slow relaxed, all the time in the world. I had entered into a new space and time. This was where I wanted to spend my life, the feel of a warm loving mouth teasing me to higher and higher heights and then slowing so I would not "pop" too soon.

I had no interest in reciprocating in those days and luckily no one seemed to mind. I was young, reasonable looking, was frequently complimented on my cock. (6' uncircumcised) and was told I had nice skin to touch, so I guess I had it all my way. Today my joy is as much giving as well as receiving.

I let myself be picked up any times in the various toilets and be taken to out of the way places for a blow job in the front seat or, better still, to a home with a bed. It surprises me I still remember quite well so many of those men in their homes and on their beds. 

So many delicious and sometimes, quite exotic experiences. Men who wore lingerie - I really enjoyed that, not sure why but they really turned me on, one who asked me to pee on him as he lay in his bath, one who had me ream him with the most enormous spiked dildo (actually it may have been a big dildo with a spiky condom over it. Another who had us lying on the most grubby carpet on the floor of his lounge while we watched gay porn on the TV. I didn't stay too long with him. A youngish guy who took me home to where he lived with his family and took me to bed in his parent's bed (needless to say they were away at the time)

There were some who became regulars. I had their phone numbers and could ring them and they would come and pick me up and take me back to their home for an evening of mutual delight.

Then I discovered glory holes and life took on new meaning.

The lovely feeling of anticipation and the adrenaline rush as I entered a toilet block and found one door closed but the one beside it open. Entering, dropping my pants and sitting on the throne and then looking at the glory hole. What could I see? Usually just the knees of the bloke next door. Now leaning forward just a bit, for some reason it was not considered manners just to lean forward and look straight through the hole, the guy could be there for legitimate reasons after all or worse, it could be a cop so, discretion at all times!

Aha I could see his arm moving, obviously wanking (or pretending) it could still be a cop). I move my arm forward so it is in his range of vision and move it as if masturbating and lean forward more so I can watch him. Gradually he would move his arm so I could see his cock and that he really was wanking and then I would reveal myself as well. Did I mention the adrenaline rush?? Then the delicious moment when a beckoning finger appeared in the hole. I would stand and just place my cock just at the very edge of the hole and then would feel the incredibly wonderful feeling of lips and a tongue drawing me in the rest of the way. Eventually I would end up with my hands gripping the top of the partition wall so I could really press myself all the way in the hole.

I learnt to be very aware of a change of sensation, The blow job might stop but then the feeling of skin rubbing my cock and then the sensation of being swallowed again only this time the sensation was deeper and stronger and it may well be I was now stuffing some guys arse. No thanks. I did not want to spend the rest of the day with a shitty cock so I learnt to pull my cock away from the hole whenever the sucking stopped and skin contact was made and if it was a bottom staring at me through the hole I would whisper "No thanks" and wait. If the mouth re-appeared, good, but if not, then it was "I'm out of here" I have never really been into casual fucking, yes there have been occasions in the right circumstances and I have had some lovely experiences fucking someone but it can be over too fast. Unlike oral sex you don't seem to be able to stop and just rest for a while, what do you do with your messy cock??? So it is not my favourite contact sport when out and about.

In another story I have told about when I was soundly fucked so I was not completely anti the idea.

There was an old guy who used to haunt the Beresford St bog which was down a flight of stone steps There were no doors on the cubicles, it was more a place to meet and move on rather than stay. But this guy used to stand at the urinal and when someone joined him he would pretend to wank and if you did the same he would open his mouth and wiggle his tongue at you. If you showed willing he would be on his knees immediately giving one of the most impressive deep throat blowjobs imaginable. The thing about it was that it was all so fast, there was the adrenaline fear someone would come down the steps and catch us - it was possible to stand where you could just see a couple of the steps through the privacy wall but the excitement of it all meant he could suck me off within a few minutes, then he would stand, lick his lips and resume his position waiting for the next lucky chap. I stood and watched him in action one afternoon and he managed to finish off two blokes just as quickly as he was able to do me. I forgot to mention he had no teeth so the friction of his gums and his tongue and deep throat were irresistible. 

Back in the day there was a gay cruise venue in Nelson St. I think it used to open around 8-00 at night. Dark lighting, lots of interesting maze like corridors to explore with interesting little areas and private rooms leading off. Some conveniently placed glory hole areas, at least two TV rooms. Many of the passages were so narrow that you really had to brush close to someone if you wanted to pass which in itself lead to some sweet encounters.

On Saturdays they had an afternoon session where you were required to strip right down before cruising.

A couple of hours spent there most evenings would be most fruitful. I had my first rimming there and the guy invited me home to finish off the job. He was a "punk Rocker" tatts, half shaven head, but the most incredibly sensitive mouth and he kept me singing almost on the edge for quite a while as he knelt before me as I sat on his couch. He would almost bring me to orgasm and then he would slow down and let the "pot" go back to simmer for a while or he would leave my cock and focus on my balls or pull me forward to the edge of the couch raise my legs and go back to rimming me. Then he would return to my cock and again, ever so slowly and gently bring my tension level right up until I could take no more and he slowly sucked me to an incredibly intense climax. He wanted nothing in return, just access to my cock and crack and I was very happy to oblige. He wanted nothing back from me other than to enjoy my body and that was fine with me.

Another night I met up with this chap in his 60's (I must have been in my forties by now and as I really preferred older men he was always going to be a likely choice). Anyway we fooled around for a while in a private room and then he suggested I might like to come back to his home in Parnell and I readily assented and followed him to his address.

A nice home, two quite young guys who obviously lived there as well but no one seemed the slightest concerned about him bringing in a stranger and we took off to his bedroom and spent a delectable hour. He smelt good, had a nice body, was about my height (6 foot) and an uncircumcised cock probably about 6 inches which tasted nice and fitted into my mouth very comfortably. We were both VERY oral in our ministrations to each other and things got quite heated on a couple of occasions for both of us before we could slow down and cool down.

He delighted in getting behind me and just sliding his cock between my legs. I warned him I was not keen on anal and he was happy about that but he certainly enjoyed the friction of my thighs. He had very sensitive nipples and initially only wanted me to tickle or pinch them very gently but as things heated up he wanted harder and firmer attention to them until at the end I was pinching and /or biting very firmly and he was grunting with ecstasy 

Eventually and regretfully I had to say it was getting late and I really needed to be heading home at which point he knelt down on the floor beside me and with one very lubed finger tickling my prostate sucked me to a beautiful orgasm. I slowly recovered and did my best to bring him off as well using fingers and lips. Pinching one nipple, sucking and biting the other and masturbating him.

There was a gay sauna at the bottom of Anzac Ave called, I think, Westside. Maze, glory holes, private rooms, Video rooms. Steam room, spa pool etc.

I met many nice men there, on one occasion I became part of a threesome in a private room with a couple of guys of a similar age to me and to my great delight, they were in the same carriage in the train going home. We exchanged phone numbers and subsequently met at one of their homes out in Papakura. One of them was a very selfish lover, only interested in getting his rocks off so I eventually partnered up with his friend who came to my home a few times as well as meeting back at Westside. He was married so visiting him at home was never going to happen.

One night I was in one of the alcoves receiving a delicious blowjob through one of the glory holes and my partner stopped, came around to where I was standing and suggested we go to a private room. I recognised him immediately. He was a famous English Actor out in NZ for a touring show. We spent a delightful hour or so and we were to get together again but I managed to lose his phone number. I suppose, with hindsight I could have easily tracked him down but I think I figured he would have no problem finding likeminded company and decided not to bother him.

Another men's Sauna was in Albert Street. Right on a bus stop so one had to be pretty sure about your needs before braving the waiting crowed to enter the door but once inside it was worth it. Lots of dark passageways and private rooms, glory holes, a plunge pool and an excellent tiered steam room. The orgies which took place in there were quite incredible. Being tiered you could get all sorts of combinations of men enjoying themselves with random partners. Someone would be lying on the middle tier and a guy on the lower tier would be sucking him while at the same time bring fucked by a third guy while others would be lining up for hand jobs. Ahh, the good old pre-Aids days!!

I have had the privilege of meeting some sexy men over my life I have been given enormous pleasure and I hope, have been able to return the favour. Re-reading the above I think I give the mistaken impression that I was "lucky" whenever I ventured out. No, not at all. Sometimes I would enjoy lots of encounters but not find one which would bring me right off and I would go home having had a neat time and finish with a wank in bed.