 Please note that I advocate safe sex and the story here is indeed true although I have omitted the actual condom use for fantasy purposes.

*****

2 days after our welcome from Marcus, it was a sunny afternoon and I had realised that our terrace, overlooking the pool area, caught the afternoon sun so rather than walk to the beach after our late lunch I decided we could sunbathe there. We were in the end apartment and the terraces were angled so only one side very slightly overlooked us and I checked there was no one there before laying out our towels and stripping off.

I always wore just a cockring, I decided (much to Dave's disgust) that it said I was ready and up for it if a looker came along. Sadly, they rarely did.

As I felt the warmth of the sun, I remembered the fun we'd had with Marcus and how glad I was to have packed lube and poppers in my standard issue 1 litre of 100 ml toiletries bag for the flight. I dozed and turned several times and after an hour, grabbed us both a cold beer. Bliss - a small beer buzz, more thoughts of Marcus and I remembered my bath that morning. Normally I showered but today took advantage of the small bath to have my 3 times a week shave of my cock, balls and arse crack. I wasn't that hairy anyway but loved the hairless look. Indeed, the combination of nudity, Dave wearing the same as me, ie nothing, to my left, the sun and the beer buzz along with our happy memories of Marcus and I could feel the rush of blood to my twitching cock.

However, as an ex-smoker, I could smell a lit cigarette close by so I walked to the balcony with my privates cupped almost in one hand. At the edge I came face to face with the guy in the adjacent apartment who we hadn't yet seen and had certainly not heard come outside. I nodded a polite 'hello and he smiled back. He was probably mid 30s and wearing just shorts, to my mind he was about 5 foot 8, 1.75m, decent build but not slim or athletic and with a small amount of chest hair. He wore glasses and I thought they made him look studious or nerdy but he wasn't unattractive.

"English?" he asked and I said yes. He said he was on holiday too and that his girlfriend and sister had gone to Lanzarote for the day but he wasn't a fan of sea crossings so opted to stay behind. I asked him if he fancied a cold beer and he said "with pleasure" so moments of later he was on the balcony with us. Dave had asked meanwhile if we should dress but I said no need to jeopardise our all over tan as if he'd peeked, he would have known we were already starkers and I had invited him round wearing nothing but a smile, albeit with my privates covered by my hands.

I gave him a beer, told him our names and he his, Tony. I got a towel and lay it between Dave and I so he could talk to the 2 of us and as he sat down, he removed his shorts. "Never gone for an all over tan before" he said. I smiled and decided against offering sun cream, there was probably not enough sun left in the day to burn his previously unexposed 'privates'. He had pubic hair, unlike the 2 of us, but his little nuts were pink and well exposed seemingly without any body trimming required.

We talked some and I got some more beers, he seemed unfazed by our nudity and the sun and our beers buzzes were so relaxing.

"Mind me asking a personal question guys? How do two men fuck?"

That threw me, and I knew Dave wouldn't say a word, even if he hadn't choked on his beer. I asked him to explain a little and he said he was curious about the best position for what he quaintly called 'bumming'.

"Giving or taking?" I asked.

"Giving" he said, coolly.

I thought about how best to answer and as I was laid on my belly anyway feeling my butt lightly bronzing, I rocked back into a squat position so my knees were bent and said "like this." I stayed there and explained that despite every straight or gay porno mag or film, this was the position that left the giver unlikely to bend his dick and the taker able to take the length with pleasure rather than any discomfort. The rest can be worked on gently, I told him and I could see he followed my logic. I said it also worked in a similar position if the taker was inverted for the same reason and demonstrated, leaving me somewhat missionary. And hard. I realised he had seen my cock had swollen so turned back over.

"Take a look" I told him and Dave left the balcony momentarily. I had hoped it wasn't in disgust but when he returned discreetly holding the poppers from the ice box and some lube sachets, I smiled.

"This works best" said Dave, and squeezed some lube on a finger before teasing my ring, already pointing in the right, welcoming direction and facing the sun. I quivered as usual at the touch and cold sensation of lube around my manhole. And groaned pleasingly for good measure. "Here, have a little play" Dave told Tony. There was a moment of hesitation, or trepidation, and then I saw him lube a finger and try it himself.

"Go gently, don't believe what you see in porno, he loves it like this" said Dave, and I felt a second finger at my lube opening. Dave straightened Tony up so he was almost directly behind me and as I looked over my shoulder I saw the end of his throbbing cock bob up and down. He was, thank goodness, not too big either, maybe 6 inches and of average girth, but Dave took some more lube and worked it into Tony's cock, not squeezing too tight. He guided Tony forward and whispered to him just to lay his cock in my hungry crack. He obliged.

"Feel good?" Dave asked. Tony nodded and made an affirmative noise, then rocked and rubbed a little more, right at the entrance of my arse as the tip of his member entered my arse. Now I loved the feel of the tip of a cock in my arse more so than a full shaft, I reckon that the guy-spot is about 3 inches in so much more is pleasure for the giver perhaps but a shallow fuck has the benefit that Dave (or Marcus or Tony... or...) can see what they're doing as well as feel my muscle clamp round their cock head. I looked back again and saw his eyes were closed but he was in ecstasy as Dave toyed with his nipples.

I reached for the poppers and inhaled, forcing me back on to Tony's shaft and he entered further. I motioned Dave to come round so I could suck his hard little cock which he had also shaved that morning and he took a sniff of the poppers so that his own member hardened further in my mouth whilst he watched me rock on some stranger's dick. He loved watching me get fucked and loved being a part of it, that was what I loved about him. And our relationship. And especially our sex life...

So I got in to a rhythm that gave all three of us pleasure seemingly, swaying gently backwards and forwards taking a cock up my arse at one end and a cock down my mouth and throat at the other whilst giving myself pleasure as Tony's meat rubbed my lower guts . And then I gently turned like a pig on a spit so I was on my back without taking either cock out of either end. This meant my own cock was free now for Dave to 69 me but he was beaten to it by Tony's hand so I took a sniff of poppers and offered him one too which he took like an expert. I felt the benefit instantaneously as he hardened and swelled within me and I continued to rock rhythmically. I sensed Dave was near to coming so I pulled him in by his muscular buttocks, almost digging in my nails as I knew he enjoyed a little pain with his pleasure and the first shot of his cum started to fill my mouth. 

At the same time as I was savouring the taste of his cockjuices, Tony started to breathe heavier and almost withdraw, I guess he felt it polite not to shoot in me but I let go of Dave's cheeks whilst sucking harder on his cock and pulled Tony into me so there was no escape for him or his jizz. And as Dave continued to shoot, I felt spurt after spurt from Tony, short spurts but plenty of them as he filled my arse. Those little balls must have really been full. He let go of my cock, meaning Dave could now fall forward and place my own cock in his mouth and I shot my bolt immediately which he kept in his mouth without swallowing until I pushed him away from my still hard but empty dick. Once I've cum I am sensitive almost straight away but still horny and as he pulled his own cock out of my mouth, empty as I'd swallowed all his seed, he filled it with mine, tenderly kissing the contents down my throat.

The two of us kissed for several minutes which I think may have been a little embarrassing for Tony as I heard (and felt) him dressing but as we separated our mouths, we smiled and said a brief goodbye (and thanks), accompanied by a cheeky, dirty wink. We didn't see him again as he left the next day, holiday over, other than a wave from the balcony as he joined his wife and sister in the cab to the airport. I just wonder if she benefits from what we taught him...