 I was in my late 40's and trapped in a bad marriage. Fortunately, I travelled extensively for business as I was in the consulting business and was able to escape frequently. I had just started to re-explore mi bisexuality - I had some experience in college but nothing until quite recently. I had discovered gay chat rooms and had arranged hook-ups while on the road, but I had never picked a guy up. 

I was supervising an engagement in Chicago where one of the team members was a young fellow named Steven. He was in his late twenties but looked 10 years younger, he had a real baby face and looked like he hadn't even started shaving. Steven had a slight build and blonde hair with green eyes. I had picked up some signals from him that he might be gay. He looked so cute that I couldn't stop thinking about being in bed with him. 

I invited him to go out to dinner with me to discuss the job. I told him to swing by my hotel suite at 6:30. At 6:20, I ordered an adult movie from the hotel's pay per view - it was a bisexual male film featuring two guys and a girl. I then jumped in the shower and had just gotten out when I heard a knock on the door. Wrapping a towel around myself, I answered it and told Steven to hang on a bit since I was running late. I told him to get a drink from the mini-bar and that I would be ready soon.

I watched him notice the movie and could see he was turned on by it. Still wearing only a towel, I walked into the room and said, "Oh, I'm sorry, forgot that was still on".

Steven looked a little flushed and said "it's OK." I noticed that there was a prominent bulge in his pants. 

I just smiled. "It seems you like that movie." I decided to be bold, I walked up to him and rubbed my hand against his crotch. He did not try to stop me. I let the towel drop revealing my own erection. I placed his hand on it and smiled again. "You know you want it." Steven could not bring himself to speak and he couldn't take his eyes off my 7" cock. I began to unbutton his shirt and ran my hands around his chest, playing with his nipples. I then undid his trousers and pulled them down. His cock was fully erect and I rubbed it against mine. I gave him a big kiss and said "get the rest of those clothes off." He was naked in seconds and I led him to the bed. We laid down and I wrapped my arms around him and began to kiss him. I freed one arm and put my hand on his dick. I felt the pre-cum that was already leaking from his cock. "You are excited, aren't you?"

I got into the 69 position and began to lick his cock like an ice cream cone while Steven began slurping on mine. I licked one of my fingers to get it nice and slick. As I continued sucking, I pushed one finger into his ass. His ass was smooth and had the ideal bubble shape. I wanted it so badly. I could tell he was getting even more excited as I began to finger fuck him. I disengaged from 69 and rolled him on his stomach. I spread his ass cheeks and began to lick his puckered anus. My tongue explored it thoroughly and Steven was moaning with pleasure. 

"I am going to give your ass the best fuck it ever had," I declared. I took some KY and began to lube his hole. After putting on a condom, I had him lay on his back on the side of the bed and put his ankles on my shoulders. Very slowly I entered him. I did not get that much resistance, obviously he had done this before. My shaft was soon balls deep and I just let it rest there and savored the feeling. Steven was smiling at me with an expression that radiated lust. I picked up the pace and began to pound that ass. 

Steven had not said much until I started slamming my cock in and out of his sweet ass. He started saying "Fuck me harder! I need it, I want it. I love how your big cock feels in my boy pussy!" This turned me on even more and I went even faster. When I told him I was about to cum, he said "I want it in my mouth. I want to taste it!" That brought me close to the edge and I pulled out, ripped off the condom and thrust my cock between his waiting lips. It did not take long for me to shoot several strings of hot cum down his throat. He made sure to get every drop as he drained me.

He finally released my cock and I gave him a passionate kiss, tasting my juices in his mouth as our tongues swirled together. "Now I am going to taste your cock," I said. I was able to deep throat his 6" tool and let my lips go up and down on him. I would stop at the head and run my tongue all over it with special attention to his piss slit. He soon erupted in my mouth. Young guys can shoot so much, it seemed it would never end. I made sure no drop escaped my mouth. We laid on the bed for a few minutes but then Steven began to fondle my cock. "Go ahead and suck it," I told him. Which he proceeded to do. He certainly knew what he was doing. He brought me to the edge several times before I finally couldn't take it anymore. I began to face fuck him. He seemed to enjoy that and once again I squirted a hot load into his mouth.

We finally did have dinner but as soon as we were finished we went back to my suite for more lovemaking. I gave him a long slow fucking and once again he became very verbal. I enjoyed hearing him tell me how much he loved having my cock invade his hole. Afterwards, I sucked his cock and swallowed a nice hot load.

I stayed in Chicago for three more days and each night I would fuck Steven's adorable ass. Unfortunately, our engagement wrapped up and he was transferred to another team. It was probably for the best as it was against company policy to be screwing subordinates, Steven took a job at another company a few months later and I never saw him again but I will never forget him.