 Well, its me again. That guy stuck in San Marcos of all places. Thanks for the responses. This is another story of mine that I would love to experience but as of yet, have not. I'm sorry its not "true", but it could happen. 

So, my job finally takes me out of town. I was to have my own hotel room and my mind flooded with ideas. I knew it was finally time to live out my oral gangbang fantasy. I get up to Dallas early in the morning. It was a Friday (of all days) and I was expected to put in a full day before heading back for my weekend off. In other words, I knew I could play all Friday night.

This was something I've thought about many times but never had the opportunity. After work, I knew would chicken out so I went to the liquor store to buy a bottle. I get back to the hotel around 8pm, strip and take some shots. Before long my head was spinning. I opened up my laptop and hopped online. I went to my fav gay chat site and posted my profile stating what I was looking for. I received too many instant messages to handle. My head was spinning even faster as I took more shots while reading how these guys wanted to circle around me while they stroked their cocks while I suck them off. I took a few more shots and fell to the bed. I couldn't believe I was doing it and I tried to stop as I wrote out more specific criteria. Then typed my hotel and room number. I had one last chance to stop but I took another shot and hit enter. 

My profile with my room number inviting interested "qualified" guys to come over was sent over the internet for all to see. I had a few responses telling me they were cumming over but I was almost passed out and couldn't really see them. I walked over, cracked the door and went back to the bed.

I waited there on the bed looking at cum shot pics knowing that I was gonna soon be covered in cum myself. About 10 minutes later, the door opened. In walked a guy about my age. As per instructions, he came over beside the bed and pulled out his cock. Not as soon as I got his cock in my mouth, the door swung open again and again.

Before another 20 minutes had passed. I had ten guys in my room, standing around me with their cocks out, stroking. I was on my hands and knees sucked as fast as I could. Every now and then, I would be handed the bottle to "wash down the cum". One guy after another would take turns in my mouth. Many of them would grab or slap my ass. I was finally being used the way I had always dreamed about.

In chatting earlier that night, I had told a guy about my "bathroom" fantasies. Luckily, he showed up. He was a dom. That was pretty evident. The kind of guy you noticed. When he entered the room, the other guys kind of backed off. He told everyone of my fantasy which humiliated me but also made my cock rock hard. He stood me up and led me to the bathroom. By this time there were only about 5 guys there. I was made to sit on my knees in the tub. As per the doms instructions, each guy walked up and took turns pissing on me. I was told whether to stand or turn around, the only rule was they couldn't pee on my face. 

The smell made me so hot I almost passed out. The dom then asked if I liked it, I was about to say yes when he pushed his cock into my mouth. In only a few strokes his cum flooded my mouth. The scene must have been too much for the others. Their cocks were hard again and they gathered around me. I held me head back as I started to feel the cum splash against my face. Once the last guy came, the water was turned on to wash away the pee but the cum stayed on my face.

The group left as they came and I was finally alone again. It was a whirlwind that lasted only about an hour and a half. When all was said and done, I was disappointed that only about 8 guys came on my face. Many of them just came in to watch. Many more guys showed up but were nervous with that many people around and couldn't "perform".

I don't know about the watersports again. I was pretty drunk and while "interesting", it didn't do too much for me. But, I am always open to suck cock, the more the better.