 Not long after joining a Bi-sexual site, I met a guy from my town and soon began chatting about what we wanted.

I told him I had never been with a guy but very eager to find out if I would like it. He informed me he had been Bi for some time and willing to teach me.

We chatted for a fair while when he suggested we could chat in person if I was willing to meet him. Somewhat unsure I agreed to meet just for a chat, nothing more which he was fine with. He introduced himself as Dave and I could come to his place. I took him up on the offer, telling him I would be there after a shower and clean up.

As I drove to Dave's house, I began to feel strange, wondering what the night held. I found his house easily and quietly drove to his front door, stepping out to be met by him at the door.

I was quite surprised to see he was a little older than me but none the less I strangely felt attracted to him as he greeted me and pointed towards the kitchen. as I sat at his table, he offered me a beer which I gladly accepted while he pulled the chair out next to me, both of us turning towards one another.

As the meeting was intended on chatting about male/male sex this is what became immediate topic. Dave asked what I was wanting to know or try. Being honest, I told him that I really didn't know besides I wanted no pain play and it had to be safe!

As I took a sip of beer, Dave ran his hand up my inner thigh with no protest from me when he asked if had kissed a guy? no I hadn't as he leaned into me, our lips touching. Oh god it felt amazing, I returned the kiss as suddenly we began kissing passionately, our tongues filling the others mouth as we stood up, hands rubbing the others body.

I slid my hands under the back of his shorts to find no underwear which made my cock twitch, grabbing his cheeks, pulling him against me. Dave broke the kiss, looking at me asking what happened to just a meet? I said, I met, I liked, I'm keen to see where it goes. This was all we needed while our lips locked again while I loved the feeling of him undressing me as I did him until we both stood naked in his kitchen.

Dave turned from me and led me by the hand to a huge bathroom with a massive shower which he warmed up while pulling me to him, my now hard cock rubbing between his arse cheeks as we both stepped into the shower, Dave quickly dropping to his knees as he momentarily played with the head of my cock before taking my length, making me buckle at the knees as his expert mouth worked me from tip to base.

I could feel Dave's hands gripping my arse but noticed that with every grasp he worked closer to my virgin hole until I could feel a finger pressing against me. I was loving it so much I let out a moan as he pressed against me. Dave took this as all good and with his other hand, soaped up my arse as I felt his fingers enter me, working in and out in time to his mouth on my cock, gently working a second finger into me until he took his mouth from my cock and just played with my arse.

I could not handle the awkward position of him reaching around me as I turned my arse toward him, with the mind blowing feeling of having him work deeper into me as he stood up, kissing my neck while I pushed my arse against him.

In a world of bliss I felt him working the head of his cock in beside his fingers as he asked if I wanted it. I sure did, moaning in an agreeing way. Dave slid his fingers from me as gently he pressed the head of his cock on my hole telling me to push back in control. I eased back when suddenly I felt him enter me, holding there for a moment until gradually I rocked back and forth taking more and more when finally I could feel his hips against my arse. I realised I had my virgin hole filled and loving it as we slowly moved together for what seemed like half an hour until I heard him grunting louder, pulling me completely onto his throbbing cock as I told him not to stop, pump me full! I want your cum to explode inside me! he did so and with a last deep thrust, held me tight as I felt his cock pulsing with every hot load he pumped inside me.

Dave stayed inside me kissing my neck and rubbing my back until his soft cock slid from me as I felt the wonderful hot load ooze from me. 

We cleaned up and got out of the shower, hungrily looking at each other as we dried off before being led to his bedroom.

To be continued...