 A while back, I took the afternoon off from work (without telling my wife), and took a trip a few towns over to visit my favorite adult bookstore, not that I had a lot choose from, there are only two that I know of in driving distance...but anyway. I drove down, had a quick lunch, and then shot over to the ABS. I walked in just after opening, and of course the place was deserted. 

This particular store is a borderline seedy joint. Most newer, "modern" stores I've been in have the neon and bright colors and clean design lines and so on. I guess it's to put a "happy face" on the porn business. Not this joint, though. The front door is an old, corroded aluminum job, with security mesh covering the window. You walk in and the first thing you notice is the dingy brown carpet, dingy brown magazine racks, and walls covered with peg-board material. Well, actually the first thing you notice is tons of high grade porn, but you notice the other stuff too.

To give proper credit, the management does keep the place clean, and it smells clean, it's just desperately in need of a remodel.

Like always, after I walked in, I made the lap through the merchandise. I always know I am going to use the glory holes here, I mean that's why I drive down, but I need to do the lap through the goods to work up the courage to go suck cock for a while Maybe that's a little strange, but it's my routine. 

So anyway, I do the pretend-shopping thing for about 5 minutes, and then I walk up to the counter and hand the clerk a twenty dollar bill so that she can make change to feed the video machine. She takes my money and hands me back the quarters without giving me the distasteful "look" that I have sometimes gotten in the past when making that much change.

The peepshow booths are arranged along the right hand side of a long hallway (the other side is private viewing booths I think, never been in them). There are 8 booths, all constructed out of 1 inch thick particle board and cheap paneling, with doors. The booths are about 4x6 feet inside with cheap padded metal chairs. And there are Glory Holes between every other booth. So each booth has one GH, but none have two. So I walk down the hallway to the last booth on the end, It's my favorite because it's GH is the biggest, it is a rectangle shaped hole probably 8 inches tall and 5 inches wide. That's plenty of room to play.

I enter the booth, close the door and sit down. I drop 5 dollars worth of quarters into the box mounted on the wall, then surf through the channels on the TV, which shows about 10 different porn videos. I settle, temporarily, on a she-male flick, with a beautiful TV slamming her big cock down a cute younger guys throat. Normally not my thing, but the hot bitch with a dick was turning me on, so I just went with it. 

I sat there rubbing my hardening cock through my pants and waited for the lunch rush to begin. It can be hit-or-miss, but more often than not, a few guys come in to get their rocks off at lunch time. Sure enough, I had only been in my booth for a few minutes, and as I was watching my she male now fucking her little twink in his ass, I heard the jingle of the bell over the front door of the store. A few moments later, I heard the noise of the clerk making change at the counter. 

"Kerthunk...kerthunk...kerthunk...kerthunk...kerthunk", 5 times, so 5 bucks. Dude wasn't planning on being here too long. I leaned forward a little bit to watch through the Glory Hole, and within a few moments, I saw his torso and thighs as he entered the booth next to me and shut the door. Not a fatty, he looked to be in average shape, and he was wearing nice clothes, not a suit or anything, but slacks and a button down shirt. 

"So far so good" I thought to myself. There is nothing worse than being all ready to suck a cock and some big, fat, greasy, obese, smelly fucker with a little needle dick takes the booth next to you. 

Anyway, the guy sits down and chooses something to watch, and begins to unzip his pants. "Cool" I'm thinking "he doesn't want to mess around". Sure enough, as I discreetly watch through the GH, he reaches into his fly and fishes out his dick. If this cock was an omen, then I was in for a good day. It was only about half hard and full looking, but still pretty floppy as he played with it and, it was all of 7 inches long already! 

Not wanting to wait any longer I did the universal "hey stud lemme suck your cock" finger-in-the-hole gesture. He hesitated for a moment or two, then stood up, dropped his pants and stuck his rapidly hardening cock into my booth. His hand was still holding the base as he waved his prick at me and I lunged forward and took his cock-head right into my slutty open mouth. Mmmm...I love cock flesh! 

I immediately began licking and slurping and sucking and face-fucking him with my cum- hungry mouth. I wanted a load down my throat, and I wanted it now. His prick got harder and soon was grown to probably 7 and a half inches long and very thick. It was filling my dick-sucker nicely. 

I reached up and took his balls into my left hand and began gently pulling on them, and then I grabbed his cock with my right hand and jerked his dick while I licked my way down that hard shaft and licked his ball sack for a few moments. I didn't last long though, I just had to suck that beautiful cock some more. I took him back into my wet hot mouth and began frantically bobbing my face up and down in his crotch, working his cock like the whore I am. I was sucking hard and before I knew it, I felt his balls tighten up in my hand and he began to blow a hot load right in my mouth. 

I drove my face down over his prick and he blasted his seed into the back of my throat. Of course, I swallowed every last drop, and continued sucking his cock to get every last drop of that salty jizz that I could, until he gently pulled it out of my mouth with a "pop", and back into his own booth. Then he cleaned up with one of the paper towels provided and zipped up and left. Not even a "thanks man". Oh well, the cum in my belly was thanks enough. I turned back to my video screen and changed the channel to a scene featuring two cute twink guys with big cocks doing a 69 on a wrestling mat, but before I could get into it, another guy entered the booth next door.

I peeked in and saw a guy wearing grubby jeans and a sweatshirt with paint on it. I thought about changing booths, but since I had a bunch of money in this one, I decided to hang out and see what Mr. grubby had to offer. He never sat down, and when he stood next to the chair and pushed down his pants, I could see that they had little sawdust particles on them. So that explained it, the guy wasn't a dirt bag, he was probably a carpenter. As long as he didn't have a dirty dick, this could work out for me.

I could see by this guys abs and muscular thighs that he was in really good shape. I'm guessing he works out. His cock too was a big one, and it stood out like a limb from an oak tree. A pearly drop of precum twinkled in the light of the small video screen as it oozed from the tip of his hard shaft. I gestured and he quickly stuck his unit into my glory hole. I looked at it briefly as I prepared to suck him dry, and I liked what I saw. It was probably 8 inches long and two across, the shaft was very firm and had a slight upward bend to it. The fleshy pink bulb on the end was a perfect bullet shape. This guy's cock was a work of art, right down to the light purple vein running down the top. 

I took his prick in my hand then leaned forward and flicked my tongue out licking the precum off of the head of his prick, taking things a little slower this time. I then licked up and down the top, bottom and sides of his shaft, lubing him up. I spit into my palm and began jerking his cock while I dropped in some more quarters, then I returned to sucking his beautiful prick. I continued stroking his shaft and sucking the head and top few inches of his hot carpenter cock, based on the moaning he was doing, he liked it.

"Man, that's good...oh, fuck yeah, suck my cock, faggot." I was delighted to have a dirty talker. I love it when they talk to me.

"That's right," I said "tell me what a dirty little cum pig queer I am"

"Shut your fuck hole and make me cum, fag" he replied. I was really getting into this now, my own cock was hard as steel and was throbbing in my pants. With my free hand, I undid my jeans and pushed them and my underwear down around my thighs, never missing a beat sucking my man's cock.

I really was giving it my all, sucking his cock while he continued to tell me what a good cock-sucking faggot I was when he suddenly pulled his prick out of my mouth and back into his booth. "Stand up and show me your man-pussy, fag" he said.

Breaking character, I leaned into the hole and said "I don't take it in the ass, man. Sorry."

He looked down at me, and while stroking his hard-on he said "listen, cock sucker, I said show me your ass, I didn't say I wanna fuck it. Now stand up and show that asshole, now."

I thought about it for a second or two, and then figured, what the fuck, this dude was making me hornier than I had been in a long time, so I'll show him my ass. I stood up, bent over and backed my ass up to the hole.

"That's a pretty man-pussy, bitch. I bet you want to get your hot little ass fucked by a real man like me, doncha? I know how you queers are. You want my cock up your ass, admit it." With that, I got the shock of my life as I felt this tough-top guy start licking my asshole. I jumped and almost pulled away, but dammit, it felt fucking incredible. The sensation of his hot and wet tongue as it flickered back and forth across my man-hole was pure bliss. Before long my ass was wet and I could feel his tongue begin to push it's way into my hole. It was great. Then I could feel his finger rubbing across my bud along with his tongue, and he soon had his finger, then two, then three of them up inside my wet asshole. I felt great, and my cock was rock hard as he played with my "pussy".

As he finger fucked my asshole with three of his fingers inside me, he asked again "How about it, you fucking fag. You really want me to fuck your asshole good don't ya. You want me to shove my hard cock in your faggot ass and fuck you, right? C'mon, fag tell me you want my cock".

I couldn't help it, and before I knew what I was saying, I was begging him "please, fuck my ass. Put your cock in my asshole and bang me. I want you to fuck me now. Please fuck me with your big cock".

I felt the wet plop of his spit on my now loosened up asshole and I heard him as he spat into his hand and lubed his prick up, then I could feel the head of that beautiful cock as it pushed up against my virgin ass. I tightened my sphincter a little bit as he began to slowly ease into me and I heard him growl "relax, fag. I won't hurt you".

He began pushing again, a little harder and I relaxed my asshole, willing myself to accept him in. I felt him ease in farther and farther, and before I knew it he was all the way in me. "you okay, fag?" (what a sweetheart he was)

Actually, it felt like my ass was on fire, but I knew that it would pass. "Yeah, your cock is just so big, give me a minute" I replied.

"Let me know when you want me to fuck your faggot ass, and we'll start. Then I'll show how a real fag likes his dick" He said.

After a few moments I told him okay, and he began slowly sliding in and out of me. Then he increased the pace. I began pushing back, meeting him with every thrust into me. His balls were banging off of my balls, and every time we connected I felt a thrill run right up to the tip of my own throbbing cock.

"Oooh, yeah. Your ass is tight, fag. It's gonna make me cum real quick. I haven't fucked a tight queer like you in a long time. Take my cock, bitch, take it all."

With that he really picked up his pace and began fucking me like the cheap cum slut I am. He rammed his hard cock in and out of my ass, I clamped my asshole down on his pistoning dick and before long I felt his prick swell up and twitch inside me. I knew he was cumming and the thought of his hot seed flowing inside of my asshole was too much for me to handle. I grabbed my cock and began jerking myself off. In about 10 strokes I started shooting my own cum all over the floor of my booth.

We both moaned and groaned our way through mind-numbing orgasms, and then without warning he pulled his dick out of my asshole with a PLOP. I felt so empty, but also satisfied like I have never been before.

"That was real good, man. We should hook up and do it again. You want to?" he asked through the hole.

I thought about it for a second and decided that it would be fun. "Yeah, I do."

"Cool here's my card, ONLY call the cell number though, okay?" and a hand reached through the hole and gave me his card. "Maybe next time you can play the top" he said with a chuckle.

I took his card and went to slide it into my pants pocket. That's when I realized that in all the excitement, being bent over getting ass-fucked, I had blown my nut all over my pants. I grabbed a paper towel and cleaned myself up. By the time I finished he was gone form the booth, so I too left the booth to wander around the store and catch my breath. Frankly, the fact that I had cum stains on my pants as I walked around turned me on, knowing that others could see them too. I ended up back in the booth and I sucked 6 more cocks and fucked 3 before I called it a day and went home with a belly and ass full of hot guy cum.