 "Ellie just dumped me," Tyler complained. He picked at his fingernails. He sniffed, then flicked the screen of his phone back on. "Through a freaking text."

"Oh?" Danny said between french fries. "I thought you didn't like her that much anyway."

"That's not the freaking point," Tyler grumbled. He sighed, then picked up a fry and ate it. "It's just a shitty way to do it."

"Why'd she break up with you?" Danny asked, leaning forward to take the phone. He read the display. I think we should break up. It's not you, it's me. I'm sorry. Don't text me again. "You're better off without her," he said with a snort. "I can't believe she used the whole 'it's not you it's me' trope. At least have the balls to say why. I never really did like her."

Tyler frowned. He was good looking, but Danny knew that already. Short blond hair, a perfect nose and cheek bones that complimented it, stunning brown eyes with flecks of gold. Tyler was probably the hottest senior, and in Danny's opinion, possibly one of the hottest men in the whole school.

Despite that, despite having girls practically throwing themselves on his dick, Tyler couldn't seem to keep a girl longer than two months. It didn't make sense to Danny, Tyler was awesome. He was funny, handsome, wicked smart. He scored the highest in their grade on the SATs in the school, and in the 92nd percentile in the nation. It was a mystery to him why girls didn't seem to see how amazing Tyler was.

"I don't get it," Tyler complained. "She didn't even have the balls to break up to my face. In a freaking text message." 

Tyler was upset, even though he was planning on breaking up with her anyway. The principal of the matter, maybe? 

They'd been friends forever, like, since the third grade, when Danny's family had moved into town. They just clicked, like that, the first time they met. "Don't let it get to you, man," Danny soothed. "Why don't you come over to my place, my folks are going out for the weekend, so I'll have the whole house to myself anyway. We can watch bad movies or play games or whatever you want, for the whole weekend. Whatever you wanna do."

Tyler took too big of a bite of his burger, with nearly half of it in his mouth. His cheeks were all puffed up like a hamster, and Danny couldn't help but laugh. Tyler laughed, too, spitting it out onto the foam plate on his tray.

"Gross, dude!" Danny laughed. "You still gotta eat it, I'm not buying you another one."

Tyler picked up the sorta-chewed burger bite and pushed it towards Danny, but he caught his hand, already ready for his antics. "You eat it! Come on, baby bird!"

Danny pushed his hand away and they were both laughing. Tyler threw half of the bite in his mouth and swallowed, barely chewing it at all. "You're gonna choke, and that's gross. Just for the record."

Tyler laughed. "You said you weren't gonna buy me another one. Waste not, want not." He finished the statement with the other pre-chewed bite. He said something with his mouth full, absolutely incomprehensible. 

"Whatever, dude," he said, sipping at his diet coke. "You're better off without her, anyway. She was a real bummer, like, so negative all the time. Did she ever have anything positive to say?"

Tyler swallowed, then ate another fry before he continued. "Man, you have no idea what you missed out on, my pre-chewed burger was delish. Possibly a delicacy. No, not even possibly. Definitely a delicacy. There's still some left, I could make some for you..."

"Hard pass," Danny said, hands up, a smile on his face. This was something he loved about Tyler, he was just... Tyler. Tyler chewed a bite of his sandwich and opened his mouth to show him, offering it again. Danny couldn't help the snort of laughter that escaped him, nearly sending the fries in his mouth to his tray.

"Not really," Tyler said after he swallowed. "The positive thing. She was pretty negative. Like, such a downer. I mean, she could find the rainy day in everything. I'd take her to the movies, to see some freaking romantic comedy-"

"Blarhg," Danny interjected.

"Exactly! The things we do to get off. You know, I'd take her to these things, and she'd complain the whole time, like, listen, bitch, I don't even wanna see this movie. I don't wanna spend all this money at a restaurant you hate before we even order. Let's just go back to my place when my parents aren't home, fuck, and then afterwards we can get some pizza. Girls are so much work. It's nearly not even worth it."

Danny laughed. "Yeah, but just masturbating isn't as good. Not like a good blowjob."

"Dude," Tyler chastised. "When's the last time you had a girl that was any good at BJs?"

Danny sighed. "My last two girlfriends didn't even wanna touch me, much less blow me. Girls are so double-standarded."

"I don't think that's a word."

Danny shrugged. "Doesn't matter, you freaking know what I mean. Girls expect us to go down on them, and don't get me wrong, I love eating puss, but I'd just like a little reciprocation, ya'know?"

Tyler sighed, looking at his empty tray as if it betrayed him for not holding more food. "Yeah, I do. You're a kickass boyfriend, all your exes are idiots. I'd blow you." He stood up with a snort and grabbed his tray, dodging three freshmen as they walked by him. "I'd even swallow, cause that's how awesome you are. Freaking double standards. You're sure your parents'll be gone all weekend?"

Danny stood up, taking his identical tray and following Tyler. "Yeah, they're going to some bed and breakfast. Gag. They even invited me, but why would I wanna go? Man, I wish I had a girl. I guess we'll be bachelors together, at least until you get another confession."

"Nah, I'm done with girlfriends for a bit. I'm gonna take a break. Anyway, you have track after school?"

They threw away the foam plates and stacked their trays just as the bell rang. "Yeah, til five. We have a meet coming up next week, so we have extra practice after school. I think Coach Wellman knows by now that we aren't coming in on the weekends if we don't have to."

Tyler laughed and they walked out of the cafeteria in a stream of teenage angst and body odor. "I'll pick you up after. Call me if you get out early." 

Track was hard, it was too hot for April, and his sweat-sticky clothes clung to his body. He thought about showering really quick, but some of the guys in track were weird, and he really hated showering in public anyway. Also, Tyler was already waiting for him, and he didn't really wanna hang out with the track team anymore.

He packed his bag, then kept his towel out. He'd sit on it in the car, so he didn't get Tyler's seat all sweaty. His legs ached, but he still forced himself to jog to Tyler's car, feeling bad he'd made his friend wait, but he pissed Coach Wellman off by being distracted, earning him a half a mile extra after practice.

Tyler was reading something on his phone when he popped open the passenger door and draped his towel down. "Yo. What're you doing?"

"I didn't get a shower, Coach Wellman was on my ass today, made me run laps, fucker," he complained as he climbed in, throwing his bag in the backseat. 

"Man, you smell," Tyler commented, turning the car on.

"Sorry. I was gonna shower. I can go back and shower. I just didn't want-"

"Nah, man," Tyler interrupted. "It's not bad, your deodorant is working. You just smell like, sweaty. It's all good. Don't worry about it, you can shower when we get to your house. What time are your parents leaving?"

"They left this morning. House is all ours until Sunday afternoon. Your mom's cool with it, you spending the weekend?" He rolled down his window as Tyler pulled out of the school's parking lot, the warm breeze evaporating the sweat, cooling him down. "That feels nice."

"Yeah, she's cool. I mean, it's not like it's something new. We do this all the time."

Danny looked at Tyler. He had that look on his face, kinda smug, and Danny rolled his eyes. "Not exactly. I mean, usually my parents are home. Did you tell your mom my folks were gone?"

Tyler snorted. "Like hell. I'm not gonna ruin that. She'd force me to bring you over so you wouldn't be alone. She'd never let me stay here, she'd find a way to be a nosy bitch and shit. This way's better."

Danny nodded. "Yeah, I don't, I mean, your mom's cool and all, but she really likes to hang around us."

"I think she likes you, dude," Tyler teased.

Danny scoffed. "Of course she does. I'm your best friend since, like, forever. I'm practically her fourth son."

"I'd trade you for both of my brothers," Tyler agreed. "But, I think she like-likes you. Like, sneak into my room after we're asleep and take off your pants kinda likes you."

"Bullshit. That's weird. Dude, that's super weird. I don't wanna think of your mom like that. Shit, now that you said it, I'm never gonna be able to look at her the same way. Fuck you, dude."

"She probably flicks the bean thinking about you, her dreamy young stud..."

He would've hit Tyler if he wasn't driving. "Fuck you, dude. First off, in no universe does your mom find me a 'dreamy young stud'. I'm not that good looking."

"Bull on that. You're dashing," Tyler said, his smile sideways.

"Don't tease. Now you're just gonna make me feel bad. I'm boring. I mean, I'm not terrible on the eyes, but next to you, I'm a plain-jane. The wallflower at the dance." Danny shook his head, then leaned out the window, letting the breeze cool him down faster. "Besides, it doesn't matter anyway, cause you're mom's not getting off to me."

"You hungry?" Tyler asked after a moment. 

"Starving, actually," he admitted. "Meat. I want meat."

"How about Arby's?"

He gauged his hunger levels. "Yes, please, and thank you."

Tyler nodded, then turned right, heading away from his house and towards the restaurant. "You're not a plain-jane."

"Sure, sure. You're just so handsome that no one can see past your charms. It's not fair to be compared to you, dude." Danny put his hand out the window, allowing the wind to push it up and down in waves. 

"I mean it, that you're attractive," Tyler said.

"Tyler, I'm just being stupid. Why's this fucking with you so much?" Danny asked, pulling himself back into the car.

"It's not fucking with me, I just wish you had more confidence. You're attractive, Danny, and you don't have an ounce of fat on your body. Stop dissing yourself."

"That's only cause Coach Wellman's always on my ass about something," he dismissed.

"It doesn't matter why, all that matters is that you are. What do you want?"

They ordered and he scarfed down two beef and cheddars, a jamocha shake and an order of jalapeno bites before they got back to his house. Tyler hadn't ordered anything for himself, he said he'd eaten before he came back to pick him up.

Danny was feeling a bit more like himself when they got to his house. He had his bags in hand and was heading towards the back door when Tyler jumped in front of him, pushing him out of the way to get into the house first. 

"What the eff, man!" he exclaimed, dropping his gym bag. He looked down at it and then chased after Tyler. "You made me drop my bag."

"Beat you," Tyler said, shoving a key into the back door. He pushed his way into the dim, cooler interior and Danny followed behind him. 

"You're an animal," he chastised, throwing his backpack on the floor by the door. He kicked his shoes off next to the bag, then peeled his soggy socks off and balled them up. Tyler had disappeared into the house already by the time he was throwing his socks down the laundry chute. 

He headed towards the kitchen, looking for a glass of water. A noise behind him had him turning, or Tyler would've barreled him face first into the ground. Tyler's arms wrapped around his waist and then they were both falling towards the floor. 

"What the hell, Tyler!"

"Woof," Tyler barked. "I'm an animal."

"Oh my god, you nerd, get off me!" Danny exclaimed, pushing at Tyler.

His friend resisted, then moved in, his face kissing-range close. Danny froze up and Tyler stuck his tongue out, then licked his neck. He was already on the third, slobbery lap before Danny was able to dislodge him. "Woof!" Tyler barked again, sitting on his knees now. "Where's my treat?"

"Bad dog," Danny chided. "Bad dogs don't get treats." Tyler whined like a dog and Danny laughed. "I'm gonna take a shower. I can't believe you licked me, I'm super sweaty and gross."

Tyler shrugged. "It wasn't bad. Just salty."

Danny's cheeks burned for some reason, and he realized he was sort of getting hard. Nothing too serious, but he felt his dick pulse. "Sure, whatever," he said, turning away and practically running towards the shower.

"Sorry," Tyler called after him, and he really did sound sorry.

Danny stopped in his tracks. "Nah, man, it's okay. It didn't bother me. I just wasn't ready for it. And, it had to be gross, you know, my sweat..."

"Take your shower," Tyler yelled from the other room, already back to his old self. "I'm gonna go hang out in your room."

"Don't go through my shit!" he yelled, then stepped into the bathroom. He took a micro-shower, just long enough to soap up and rinse off, then rushed to his room, barely dried off, a towel tucked around his waist. He knew he couldn't trust Tyler not to be digging through his personal shit.

He was right. Tyler was on his bed, Danny's box of treasures in his hands. "Dude, I told you not to go through my shit!"

"What's this?" he asked, holding up a plastic gem the size of a golf ball.

"We found that in the storm sewers behind the middle school, don't you remember?"

"Behind... Oh, yeah, I do now. I can't believe I forgot that!" Tyler held it up to the light, looking through it. "Why'd you keep it?"

Danny shrugged and went to his closet. He dropped his towel on the ground, not really worried about Tyler seeing his ass. They'd been friends so long that it wasn't a big deal. "I dunno. I thought it was neat, and, I dunno. It was something we did. Like, don't you have things you keep cause they're special to you?"

"This gem's special to you?"

Danny shook his head, pulling his underwear up. He turned to Tyler, who was watching him. "Not the gem, per say, but the memory tied to it. Do you remember? We became blood-brothers that day."

Tyler watched him carefully. "We swore to share everything evenly between us, to protect each other from harm. I do. I'd forgotten..."

Danny could tell Tyler was starting to feel bad that he'd forgotten. "Hey, look," he said, stepping closer to Tyler, forgoing clothing for the moment. "It's not a big deal that you forgot. I mean, it's not like either of us broke our promise."

"What do you think it means, that we share everything?" Tyler asked, his eyes trailing down Danny's body.

"Um... I dunno, actually. I mean, I don't keep anything from you, if that's what you mean," he said, sitting down next to his best friend on the bed. He looked into his box, all of his miscellaneous trinkets, a lifetime of little memories embodied in physical stuff. "I tell you everything. I mean, you're my best friend, I can't imagine my life without you in it."

Tyler smiled at him. "Me either. I mean, yeah. Just yeah."

Danny nodded, then stood up. "I'm gonna get dressed. Can ya stop rummaging through my memories?"

"Not yet," Tyler said, grabbing his hand. "I think we should, I mean, I wanna share everything with you. Like we promised."

Danny stopped, his wrist still in Tyler's hand. "Like what? What do you mean?"

"Tell me about the other stuff in this box?"

"Sure, can I get dressed first?" Danny asked, looking at Tyler's hand on his wrist.

"You're still overheated from track, aren't you? I don't care if you're in your undies," Tyler dismissed. "Tell me about this one." He picked up a wad of paper all folded together tight. He opened it carefully, then read the contents.

Danny blushed, the whole thing feeling more than intimate. "That time your mom's car broke down and she made us wait in it while she walked to get gas."

Tyler read it, smiling, then laughing. "Oh, god, we're so embarrassing. You're talking about that girl, McKayla, the one you had a crush on for the whole fucking year in sixth grade. I'm glad I saved you from that car wreck."

Danny snorted. "You asked her out when I didn't, and of course she'd go out with you, you've always been super hot. I was real pissed at you, but we made up, stuck in that car forever." He chuckled. "You guys only dated for, like, a week, too."

"I didn't wanna go out with her, I told you that in this letter," Tyler said, pointing to their sixth grade chicken scratch. "You were too good for her, and I wasn't gonna let her bring you down like that. Girl's a skank, anyway."

"You didn't know that, not before you dated her!" he accused. He frowned, remembering that particular feeling of hurt.

"Don't," Tyler said, pulling him back down to the bed. "Don't think too hard about it, you forgave me already. I was a douche, I admit it. I shouldn't've done it that way, but middle school is hard and puberty is a bitch. I wouldn't have done it that way, if it was now."

"But you'd still do it?" he accused. "Steal a girl that I wanted."

"Fuck no," Tyler said fast enough that he knew it was true. "She wasn't good enough for you. I didn't know how to tell you that kinda shit then. We, I, I mean, I'd tell you, now."

"What does that mean, not good enough for me?" he said, looking down at Tyler's hand still on his wrist, even after he sat back down.

"She wasn't. You're, you deserve better. You're better than her." Tyler wasn't looking at him, but he didn't release his wrist, either.

"Says who? How am I better than her?" He pulled his wrist out of Tyler's hands and Tyler flinched, studying the floor.

"Says me. You are better than her," he mumbled. "She wasn't good enough for you."

"So, is that how it is? If you think someone's not good enough for me, you fuck her and ghost her? So she isn't, doesn't, shit, I don't even know what I'm trying to say. Is that why I haven't had a girlfriend in three months?" He looked at Tyler and knew it was true. "How many girls have you fucked that might've been interested in me? Why is it okay for you, but not for me? Especially if they aren't good enough!"

"Six," Tyler admitted. "I didn't fuck them all, I swear. Just the two, and the one girl was fucking bat-shit crazy, and a terrible lay."

"Did you fuck Lucy?" She'd been his last girlfriend, she'd broken up with him shortly after he'd given her a necklace she'd wanted for Christmas, almost two hundred dollars. She didn't give it back.

"No, man, I didn't fuck Lucy. She was cheating on you, using you cause you're too fucking nice. I overheard her bragging about how she used you, got you to buy her that fucking necklace. I called her out on it, told her I hope it choked her, and that I hoped she'd choke on Brandon Ferris's dick." Tyler said, talking with his hands as he got more agitated. He sighed, then threw himself back onto the bed, his feet still on the floor, Danny's memory box still in his lap.

"Brandon Ferris? Gross. Why didn't you tell me?" he asked, feeling hurt all over again. He'd had no idea she'd cheated on him.

"Because of this! I thought she was better than some of the others, but I was wrong. I have... Maybe I've been a little too protective since then, I'll admit..."

Danny slapped his friend's leg. "Ya think? Why can you sleep with girls who aren't good enough for me? You're better than I am, Tyler. You're, you could have, shit, Tyler, you do have your choice of any girl in school. Shouldn't you not sleep with them yourself?"

"I'm not better than you!" Tyler nearly yelled. Danny flinched. "I'm not. You're not ugly. You, girls want you. More than you know. It's my fault you don't know that, but I can't let them, I mean, I don't know how to say it. You're better than them, and I don't want you wasting your emotions on them! Your money! They use you! People talk about how nice you are, how gullible you are. That's bullshit, and I won't let them take advantage of you!"
