 Thank you so much for reading my first written submission! I've wanted to write erotica for years now but I've never really had the courage or the time to get started, until now! I realize I may have some work to do and I would gladly accept any advice or future story requests that you may have!

*

I had always considered myself straight. I'd had a few girlfriends ranging back from high school and throughout my early college years, and it wasn't until my sophomore year of college that I started to get some more primal desires.

At one point I began to find myself really addicted to BBC porn, even envisioning what it would be like to be one of those submissive sluts begging to be fucked by a big black cock, or even a group of them. I began to wonder what it would feel like to have those big strong hands running across my body, grasping at my thighs ass. I finally started to experiment with toys, starting with a small plug and a couple of small dildos I bought online, I was way too afraid to even consider venturing into an adult bookstore or one of those stores where they sold sex toys and lingerie. 

As time passed I began experimenting with panties, thigh-high stockings and even high heels, shaving my body and admiring how I looked in the mirror. Eventually I had the nerve to post a few of my pictures in the personals section of craigslist to see what kind of reaction I could get out of other men. I'll admit I was one hell of a cock-tease, I didn't have the balls to actually go through with any sort of meetup but I absolutely loved the attention I was getting. 

One day I received a message from a guy named Tony, who claimed to be some sort of a dom or trainer for submissive white bottoms. Talking to Tony turned me on so fucking much, I still had never been with a man at that point, and really had no experience outside of playing with my own toys and messaging guys online, but the thought of Tony and his huge black cock really sparked something in me. I was actually considering doing this! I messaged Tony for a few days, sending pictures back and forth and talking about what we would do if we met up. Tony was really into the idea of fucking a slutty little crossdresser, and the idea of getting dressed up for him was driving me wild. 

I ordered a sexy black thong, some red fishnet stockings, and some dark red 4" heels which I found to be incredibly sexy. The idea was that I would book a room at a motel a few miles outside of my college town and I would get myself all dressed and set up with a few of my toys before he arrived. I was still incredibly nervous about actually going through with it, but my desires were getting the best of me. I was actually going to do it. 

After talking for another day we agreed that we would meet up the next night at the hotel. I got to the room two hours before the planned meetup time and started to unload my bag. I brought my thong, heels, stockings, a medium sized suction dildo and a little pink plug with a gem on the end. An hour later I received a text from Tony, he wanted me completely dressed and plugged before he arrived, instructing that I loosen myself up with my dildo before he started on me himself. Finally I heard a knock on the door. 

In came a muscular beast of a man, causing me to both become incredibly nervous and incredibly horny simultaneously. I think he saw my nervousness and I sat on the bed dressed like a little slut just waiting for his gorgeous cock, as he slowly closed the door and introduced himself gently and confidently. I stood up as he approached the bed, which he obviously didn't like as he immediately pushed me down to my knees. 

At this point I threw all of my inhibitions aside. I knew what he wanted. I began to unbutton his jeans and slowly pull his cock out of his pants. This thing was absolutely massive! Easily bigger than the toy that I was used to using. He'd sent pictures before but I honestly had no idea what I was in for until I sat face to face with his huge black cock, growing ever more with anticipation. I had never sucked a cock before but I was oh so eager to have this massive rod in my mouth. I slowly stuck out my tongue and moved it from the base of his balls all the way up his long, thick shaft until I reached the tip. Tony's strong hands wrapped around the back of my neck and guided my lips over his tip and down the length of his shaft. He slowly started to fuck my mouth as my throat began to relax and adjust to this new intrusion. 

After a few minutes Tony pulled me up from my knees and pushed me onto the bed, instructing me to keep my head face down against the bed with my ass up. He moved my little black thong to the side and twisted and pulled at my little pink plug until I was squirming, tortured by the thought of his thick black cock fucking my ass. Finally he removed the plug and climbed up on the bed with me, his legs straddling me, his cock rubbing up and down against my ass. 

Finally he pushed down on my upper back with one hand while he guided his tip up to my quivering asshole. I was erupting with pleasure and a little bit of pain while he slowly entered my ass. His dick was so much bigger than my toys! As I began to relax Tony started to move his pulsating cock deeper and deeper into my ass. Soon I started to feel his big black balls slap against my own as he fucked me harder and harder. I caught myself moaning and squealing as he fucked me, slapping my ass and calling me his little sissy slut. 

After what felt like hours he quickly pulled out and told me to stick my ass up as far as I could. He started to jerk himself off, thick streams of cum spraying across my ass cheeks and over my stretched hole. As he got off the bed I remained in the same position, face down into the pillows with my sore little ass sticking up in the air, cum dripping down my ass and thighs. As Tony got dressed I noticed him grabbing something from the top of the dresser at the front of the room, but I was in no position to get up and stop him or even ask questions. 

Eventually I worked up the energy to remove myself from the bed, a good half hour after Tony had left. I went to the bathroom and cleaned myself up, and as I came out to gather my stuff I notice that the clothes I came in with were missing. Tony had taken all of my normal clothes and left me only with a sweatshirt and what I was currently wearing, the cum-stained thong, my red stockings, and my heels!