 I was becoming a cum slut and I liked it. Guys were so easy and straightforward when it came to sex. 

"Hey, can I suck your cock?"

"Sure."

I still like women; but they just aren't as straightforward as men. You know what I mean?

Anyway, one day my girlfriend Cyndee and I were having dinner and we got into an odd conversation. She asked me if I had ever wanted or had had a three way before.

"Yeah, I've thought about it, but that's as far as it's gotten," I said as I took a sip of wine. She was a great cook and I loved our dinners together. Especially Italian food; like tonight. "Have you?" I asked.

She hesitated a bit before replying then said, "No, I haven't had one, but have thought about it. I mean with the right person. I wouldn't want to have any jealousy pop up and ruin a relationship."

There's that word - relationship - see what I mean about guys being more straightforward. 

"Yeah, I agree," I said. "I don't think I'd be jealous if I had a three way. It would have to be the right guy."

"What?!" she asked putting her glass down.

"I mean if I'm having a three way it would have to be someone I trusted," I replied. "Wouldn't want it to be some stranger fucking by girlfriend; rather have someone I knew."

Cyndee's eyes widened and she asked "You're talking about a three way with another man?"

"Yeah, weren't you?"

"Uh, not really," she took a drink of wine. "I hadn't thought of it. You have?"

"Oh yeah, that's would be fine with the right people."

"Another guy," she said. "You'd be okay with another guy fucking, oh let's say for the sake of argument; fucking me?"

I smiled and replied, "Yeah, as long as I knew him and we both felt comfortable with him."

Cyndee continued to eat for a few minutes then asked, "Would you suck his dick?"

I laughed and said "Would I suck another man's dick? You mean during the three way?"

"Yes. Would you?"

I hadn't really thought this through, so I weighed my answer for about, oh two seconds, and replied. "Oh yeah; I'd do that." 

She paused for a moment, looked me in the eyes and said "So you're telling me you'd have a three way with me and another guy and you'd suck his cock while we were doing it?"

"Uh, yeah," I said sipping more wine. "I'd suck it and he'd suck mine I'm sure."

"Well, that's interesting," she replied then asked. "Have you sucked a guy's dick before?"

Uh oh, this was taking a turn for the worse. Do I lie or tell her the truth. How about neither one?

"Does it really matter?" I asked. "Have you had sex with a woman? I mean, if you did, I wouldn't care or judge you about it. I respect you."

I got her on that one; for about a minute.

"Yeah, I have done it with a friend of mine," she exclaimed. "Actually I've done it with two or three friends."

"Cool," I said as I broke off a piece of French bread.

She was determined. "Tom, have you sucked a man's cock before?"

I looked at her and smiled. What the fuck, I thought. "Yes; I have sucked many men's cocks. And I liked it when I did it."

She pushed herself from the dining room table, walked over to me and grabbed me by the head. Forcefully she turned me to face her, bent forward and whispered "That's so fucking hot," and kissed me deeply. After about thirty seconds she backed off and said, "Come fuck me."

************

"What?" Aaron asked. "You told her you sucked cock?"

"Yep," I replied. "Actually I said I've sucked many cocks."

"And she was good with it?"

"Yep."

"Are you fucking kidding me!?" he said. "My wife would kill me if she knew I sucked cock."

"How do you know?" I asked. "Have you told her?"

"Oh please," Aaron replied. "I know what she'd say; besides, I ain't taking the chance."

I finished my burger as Aaron was talking. I wanted to suck and fuck him, but wasn't sure if he had time. So I asked.

"How much time do you have?"

Aaron smiled and replied, "I know where this is going. Why?"

I whispered "I want to suck your cock."

Aaron laughed, "Let's see. Ten minutes back to your place and twenty back to mine. That gives us about a half hour."

"Like you could last that long," I said laughingly. "Let's go." We left the restaurant.

Fifteen minutes later we were in my bedroom. As he took off his clothes I opened up the drawer on the nightstand and pulled out a bottle of lubricant and a glass dildo.

"Nice," Aaron said. "That for me?"

"To start," I replied, "Now lay back." Aaron laid on the bed, his cock already hard. As I lubricated the dildo he stroked his fine thick cock. Dropping to my knees I placed the head of the dildo on his asshole, but didn't push. Not yet at least, that would come soon enough. I slid forward and grabbed his cock with my left hand, tongue moving to the head. I touched it lightly then started to swirl my wet tongue around; slowly. Aaron drew a deep breath at the touch. I grabbed the cock tighter and rubbed it in a circle upon my lips, flicking it with my tongue every so often. 

After a bit I took the head into my mouth and started to suck on it. Not going down, I teased his head swirling it round and round as I did. Then I slid my mouth slowly down the length of his cock, as I simultaneously slid the dildo, slowly, into his ass. Aaron moaned as both my mouth and the dildo bottomed out. Then I slid the dildo back and my mouth up.

I looked up and could see Aaron looking down at me, his hands on his nipples. He started to breathe quicker; shallower, I could feel his cock throb and ache. Up and down, in and out, in a steady rhythm I sucked and fucked Aaron.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck!" he said loudly. I took that to mean he was going to cum or at least he wanted to. I couldn't disappoint him. Faster I went, up and down, in and out as I looked him in the eyes.

"Oh God!" he yelled and started to pump a big load of hot cum into my mouth. One, two, three and more spurts of cum flew into my mouth. Damn, I loved his cum; it had a different taste than the others. I locked my lips around his cock, not wanting to lose a drop; I didn't. After a bit, he stopped shooting, laid back and relaxed, breathing deeply.

I pulled out the dildo and tossed it to the floor. I grabbed Aaron behind the knees and lifted his legs and ass up off the bed. Wrapping them onto my shoulders I grabbed a pillow and shoved it under his ass. Setting him back down onto the pillow, he was about five inches off of the bed. I grabbed my cock and rubbed it on his asshole.

"Fuck me Tom, fuck me hard," he said.

"Fuck yeah I will," I said and slid my now raging hard cock into his still wet ass. I pushed it deep, balls deep as a matter of fact and he grunted when I hit bottom. I could feel his ass clamping down on my cock as it slid in and out, slow and deep. In, out, in out; I watched Aaron's face as I did it and could see he was enjoying it. He reached out with his hands and began to stroke and squeeze my nipples. Fuck that was hot! Aaron knew what I liked.

"Gonna fill me full of cum, Tom?" he asked.

Pump, pump, pump; "Hell yeah buddy," pump, pump, pump. I slammed into him balls banging his ass with each deep thrust. I knew he had to be leaving soon, but I wanted to give him a big load. I kept up the pumping, ten, fifteen times, deep as I could each time. Finally I could feel cum aching to explode.

Then it did. With each pump a hot gob of cum spewed into Aarons' tight ass. Cum, cum, cum; I slammed into him over and over, each time filling him up more and more. After what seemed like forever, I pulled out, my cock throbbing hard. I dropped to my knees to rest, a river of cum leaking from his asshole.

But Aaron wasn't having any of that. I have to say I was impressed. Here Aaron had cum really hard minutes earlier, and now his hard cock was pushed up against my mouth. As his hands grabbed my shoulders I opened my mouth and took his cock inside. It still tasted like cum and I loved it. I reached up to grab it, but Aaron wanted nothing to do with that. Instead he fucked my mouth and fucked it hard. I could feel it deep in my mouth, but that turned me on and I squeezed his dick tighter with each pump. I felt him hit the back of my throat a couple of times, but I relaxed enough so as not to choke, then he blew his load in me. Of course, it wasn't as large as the first one he given me, but still, like I said, he had just blown a big load minutes earlier. I slurped it up and felt a bit bad when his now softening cock pulled out. He stepped back and sat on the edge of the bed.

Neither one of us said a word, spending our energy recovering from the great time we had just had. After a few minutes Aaron spoke as he started to get dress.

"Well if you and Cyndee want a threesome, count me out."

I gave Aaron a quizzical look. "Really?"

"Don't get me wrong," he replied. "I mean, she's hot, but I wouldn't want her to feel left out as I'd rather be fucking you!"

I had to laugh and replied "I hear you, man. I'd be all over you and she'd probably get jealous."

Then a text went off in my phone. For a split second I thought it might be Cyndee, but I knew it probably wasn't. It was from Carl.

"How much time do you have?" 

I texted him back, "Cum on over."

Aaron had finished getting dressed and was ready to leave. I grabbed a robe and walked with him to the door. He gave me a quizzical look and asked. "Cyndee?"

"Nope, Carl," I teased. "Jealous?"

Aaron smiled, pulled me close and kissed me deeply while he stroked my cock. Pulling away he said, "Not at all. I sucked his cock yesterday."

I laughed and went to the kitchen as Aaron left. I wanted some coffee; coffee with Carolans. 

A few minutes later Carl was at the door. I let him in with a cup of coffee; he liked it too, and asked him if he was in a hurry. He looked at his watch and said that he had about thirty minutes.

"I have a meeting with my new boss and I heard he's a real ball buster so wondered if you could, uh."

"Let me guess, suck you off so you'd be more relaxed," I replied. "Drop your pants."

Carl thanked me and first undid his belt, then pants and started to slide them down. As he did I undid my robe and dropped it to the floor, my dick already getting hard.

"Fuck it," he said as he dropped to the ground and took me into his mouth. He wrapped a hand around my cock and cupped my balls with the other then slowly slid down my cock, as far as he could. Of shit, it felt great. Hot and wet mouth, rock hard cock, I couldn't believe I had pumped a big load not too long ago. After a minute or two of him sucking my cock I pulled him up and pushed him up against the wall to the side of the door.

"You have the meeting bro'," I said as I dropped to my knees. I grabbed his hella' hard cock in one hand and placed my tongue on the head of it and he moaned slightly, unaware of what was happening next.

I took a long sip of hot coffee, moved my mouth to the head of his dick, opened up and slid down, my lips locked tight so no coffee could escape.

"Fuck!" Carl yelled, but in a good way. It was the same reaction I had when Edwin had done it to me, hot, wet and so fucking good. Made my cock expand and throb and I could feel Carl's doing the same thing. I pulled my head back and took another long sip of coffee. Not enough to fill my mouth, but enough to coat his cock as I sucked it.

Cupping and massaging his balls as I sucked, the heat of the coffee on his cock, I could feel Carl getting ready to cum. This wasn't taking long; Carl must be stressed about the meeting. I started going faster; deeper, hot and wet, the taste of Carolans coffee on his cock.

"I'm going to cum!" he said, then did. Hot large load of cum, three plus spurts, I hungrily swallowed it. Fuck, I love the taste of cum; the heat, the feel of it as it splashes in my mouth as I swallowed. Carl pumped another splash then started to dry fire. I let his cock loose and rose to my feet. 

I grabbed the back of his head, moved close then kissed him deeply. He was hesitant at first, not sure if it was him realizing he was kissing another man, or maybe it was the taste of his cum. After a few seconds he accepted it and we did it for a minute or so.

I stepped back and looked down. "Check it out Carl," I said.

He looked down and saw that his cock was hard. "I guess I like it," he replied sheepishly. Then he said, "Well, I do suck your cock."

We laughed I looked at the clock. "You'd better get going," I said.

He nodded and pulled his pants back up. As he buckled them up he said he wished he had time to return the favor,

"No biggie, man," I replied. "Tonight, tomorrow, whenever; give me a buzz when you have time."

He said he would, I knew he would, and left for his meeting.

************

"You're kidding me," I said.

Frank took another sip from his beer and replied, "Nope, true stuff. It's Vegas man, you can get anything."

"No shit," I said, shaking my head.

"Oh please," Frank replied. "Tell me you've never thought about it. Never been curious about what it would be like."

"Well yeah, but," I said. "How was it?"

He laughed, "It was fucking awesome. She was hot looking, very professional, no bullshit. We spent about an hour, she got paid and boom, she was gone. She emptied my cock out big time."

I have to admit, I'd thought of getting with a tranny before, but didn't know how to do it. Now Frank was telling me.

"Here's the site, he said as he sent me a link." Get on it, click a picture of whoever looks good to you and give her a call. The good ones won't answer any blocked calls so keep that in mind; no emails or Twitter either." 

Frank took another sip of his beer and continued. "Oh yeah, Tell her to meet you at a nice hotel, it'll give you a better chance with her. The good ones are quite busy," he laughed. "In fact, go to the site and look up Kelly K. That's who I used; fucking awesome. Now, bring that dick over here."

He didn't have to tell me twice. I walked over to the dinner table, we had just finished some pizza and I began to undress. Frank licked his hand and looked me in the eye as the last of my clothes fell off. Okay, when one or more of the guys were coming over I usually wore gym shorts and a tank top and tonight was no different. I was hard and wanted to cum.

Frank grabbed my cock and began to stroke it with his wet hand. He stood up from the chair and leaned in. We began to kiss, he took the lead as his tongue plunged deep into my willing mouth, slowly at first, almost hesitantly then we picked it up. My cock ached! I realized that this was new for us, so he must have spoken to Carl. It was hot; I throbbed as he pulled back and began to rub my nipples, with both hands. It felt great and my hard nipples agreed. Frank turned me around and pushed me up against the table, then onto it. I lay suspended on the table, legs lying over the edge, butt on the edge.

Frank undressed quickly: then dove for my cock. He went straight forward, up and down, up and down fast. He was on a mission, he wanted cum and I wanted to give it to him.

Then he stopped and smiled. "Let's go to the bedroom," he said. "And get that cool glass dildo of yours."

I jumped off the table and followed him to the bedroom. He laid back on the bed, cock at attention and wrapped his hands behind his head. "Want some cock?" he asked.

"Always," I replied. I opened the end table drawer and pulled out the blue glass dildo and small bottle of lubricant. I lubed the dildo up and got on my knees in front of Frank's spread wide legs. As I bent forward towards his cock I rested the head of the dildo on his receptive asshole. I grabbed his throbbing cock and rubbed it against my face, pushing the dildo just a bit inside his ass. Then I licked his cock, from the head to the balls and back to the head on the left side, slowly, then the same on the right side, slipping the dildo in just a bit more. As I wrapped my mouth on his cock I grabbed his balls then slid down his cock. As my mouth slid down, wet and hot, the dildo slid in and quite easily. Frank moaned.

In and out the dildo slid into his ass and Frank loved it; almost as much as I did while doing it to him! His cock tasted great, I understood a while ago that each of my buddies had a different tasting cock. Some salty, some sweet, all a bit different, Okay, so probably I was blowing it out my ass on this one, but at least the cocks were different. Some longer, some thicker, so why not taste different? 

Anyway, as I was thinking about this shit I kept doing the up and down movement on Frank's cock; that and fucking his ass. After all the cock I had sucked and it had now gotten to be a lot, I knew what I was doing. I knew that the speed I was locked in would take forever for Frank to cum, but it would build his cum up slowly.

"Fuck my ass, Tom," Frank said between heavy breaths. 

I pulled my head up and smiled, "You got it buddy," I replied. I pulled the dildo out of his wet and hungry asshole, and pulled him to the edge of the bed. Slipping a folded pillow under his ass, I raised him up, tossed his legs onto my shoulders and grabbed the bottle of lube. As I lubed up my cock our eyes met, no words need be spoke. I placed the head of my cock on his asshole and slid forward as he bore down. I slid it balls deep into Frank's ass. He pushed down against it, wanting all of it inside him.

I love fucking Frank's ass as it is tight. But being so tight also meant I could cum a lot faster than when he sucked my cock. I pulled my hard cock back about half way then quickly plunged balls deep. Frank moaned then reached for my nipples with his hands and began to stroke and squeeze them as I fucked him. And I did fuck him. I grabbed his legs, pulled them tight to my chest and pumped his ass in, out and deep. He moaned again, squeezed my nipples tighter and said "Fill me up Tom, fill me up. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"

After about five minutes of deep ass fucking I was ready to cum and did. "Oh shit!" I yelled. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" I screamed. I was pumping hot jizz into Frank's ass over and over; hot, hot cum. 

"Don't you fucking stop Tom," he said roughly to me. "Don't you fucking stop!" He squeezed my nipples hard for emphasis and more cum pumped into his ass. After what seemed like minutes I was done, empty of cum.

I stepped back and Frank was up in a matter of seconds. He grabbed my shoulders and pushed be face down onto the bed, ass up and on my knees. He slapped my ass for emphasis and lubed up. In less than a minute his fat cock was inside me, balls deep as I had done to him. He grabbed my waist and pulled me back against him with each stroke, each deep stroke of that rock hard cock. He could do anything he wanted to me and he did. He fucked me hard and I wanted it bad; I wanted him to use me any way he liked. I could feel his balls banging against my ass as he pounded me. 

"Here it comes, Tom!" He yelled. "Here it comes!"

I felt the hot cum spew inside me; lots of cum. Frank kept fucking my ass and with each stroke, balls deep, his cum spurted inside me. After as many strokes as he needed to empty out, he backed away from me and sat back into the chair next to the bed,

"Man, that was hot," he said.

I rolled over and looked at him and laughed. "Hell yeah," I replied. "We got to do this again."

"Fuck yeah, many times."

I felt cum oozing out of my ass so went into the bathroom and grabbed a towel. After a quick clean up I tossed it to him. 

"So Kelly K, huh?" I said with a smile. 

"Yep, but be careful what you wish for," he replied. "She has a big dick."

Frank's cock was good sized so if Frank said that this Kelly K. had a big cock, I wondered how big it really was. Hopefully I'd be finding out soon.