 I didn't plan to write another story about my time with Stefan, but because of the comments I received, I thought I would tell a little bit more about what happened between us. This is kind of a long story, and I needed some time to reconstruct this day in my mind. This took place in the Fall of 2008, so some of the events might be a little inaccurate. I hope you enjoy it!

* * *

I didn't see or hear from Stefan for a couple weeks following our first encounter. I did find myself driving through campus a few times and also running through it, hoping we would run in to one another again. I even visited the bookstore a couple times. Then one Friday afternoon I got an email from him. "Found another t-shirt you might like. Can I bring it by Saturday morning?"

I replied: "I'll be here until about 9 o'clock, then I need to leave for the day." In truth, I had no plans, and I would have waited around for him all day. But I didn't want him to know that. I got up early the next day, went for a run and showered. I had just changed into a pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt when there was a knock on the door a little before 8 o'clock. It was Stefan and his bike. He was looking cute as hell: gym shorts, basketball shoes and a t-shirt. He wasn't holding anything except his helmet.

"Hey, bud, come on in." I was beyond nervous, not sure what else to say to him. "So how you been?"

"I've been good. Just plugging away with classes, thinking about where I want to go to med school."

"Wow, med school. I didn't know you wanted to be a doctor."

"Yeah, it's been something I've wanted to do since I was a kid."

"Well, I'm sure you will be a very good doctor. ... So where's the t-shirt?"

Stefan smiled and took off his t-shirt, offering it to me. "Here you go."

I just stood there and smiled, my cock expanding and getting incredibly hard in my shorts. I know there was a tent down there. "What am I supposed to do about this?"

"Take the t-shirt. I told you I had one for you."

I walked toward him and in about a half second we were in a passionate embrace. I pushed him up against the wall in my living room, kissing him deeply and grinding into him. I broke away from the kiss a little to whisper in his ear: "God I want you right now. So fucking bad."

"Oooooh. God. Yes."

I turned him around and pushed him against the wall, pulling his shorts to the floor simultaneously. My hand went up and down his back and ass, squeezing it a little, then spreading his cheeks just enough to play a little with his hole. "You feel very nice," I whispered in his ear. "And you smell really nice." There was a small hint of cologne. 

"Oh God, Rick. Yes. I have wanted this again for sooooo long. Don't stop."

I started to penetrate him a little with my right index finger. "Do you like this, baby?"

"Oh yes. I like feeling you inside me, but I want to feel something else in me."

"How about this?" I dropped to my knees, spread his cheeks and began to circle his boy cunt with my tongue. 

"Oh God. Yes. This again. Oh my God yes," Stefan said through heavy breaths. 

I loved his ass. It was smooth, a little bit of a bubble butt and delicious. I could hear Stefan's hands rubbing against the wall as his ass grinded against my face. His moans of pleasure got louder. "Oh my God Rick you are driving me insane. Don't stop baby. Please don't stop."

I continued to eat his boy cunt, exploring him with my tongue, rubbing my hands all over his toned, smooth legs. My cock was so fucking hard. All I could think about was sliding it into him. But I also got off on hearing his coos and heavy breathing. He was so fucking hot and cute at the same time.

Finally I pulled my tongue out of his boy pussy and traced it down his right leg. When I got to his shoe, I pulled it off, then his sock. I did the same on the other leg, then moving back up his leg. I kissed over his ass, up his back, to his neck. I spun him around and planted another deep kiss on his lips. Stefan put his arms around my neck, his right leg around my legs. 

It felt natural to lift him up, pushing him against the wall. Before I knew it, I was carrying him into the bedroom. I threw him down on my bed, which was already made, and I just looked down at him. Propping himself up by his elbows, he smiled at me and said: "I want you to fuck me right now. I can't take it anymore. Get on this bed with me now."

I started to undress, Stefan reached over in the drawer for a condom. Oh my god, did I have any left? I'd been using my stash to jack off while I thought about Stefan. Luckily, he pulled one out. I walked over to the side of the bed, naked. Stefan reached out for my cock, holding it with his right hand an kicking it. "God this is all I've been thinking about. I really wanna suck this, but I want you to fuck me even more."

After he fitted the condom on me, I fell over to the bed, my cock pulsating. Then Stefan surprised me. He straddled me, reaching behind him for my cock. "Baby I wanna ride you so fucking bad." While he slide down my cock I stroked his gorgeous dick, rubbing it a little. Stefan cooed and groaned as he slid down on me. I let go of his cock and began to rub his side and hips, they were so smooth and nice. Then Stefan's eyes closed as he leaned back a bit and started to gently rock on me. "Oh my god you feel soooooo good in me. Oh my god this is soooo nice. Baby I have wanted this ..."

Then Stefan just leaned over me. I thought he wanted to kiss but instead started cumming. And he shot a ton. First under my chin, then on my chest and then my stomach.He groaned. "Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god." He just kept repeating those words as he fell on top of me. I kissed his cheek, still hard as hell, and whispered: "That was so nice." I began to rub his back as he rocked a little more, then I began to grab his hips and rock him harder. In no time I was cumming in the condom, groaning and moaning with each load I shot as I pushed myself deeper into his boy pussy. 

* * *

We didn't say anything for what seemed like a long time, heavily breathing and our bodies intertwined. My hands rubbed and caressed Stefan's body, running my fingers through his hair then down his back and to his ass. Stefan nibbled on my neck, his face buried in me. Every so often he'd caress my leg with his right foot. The cum that he had gushed all over me was sticky, it felt good when it rubbed between our bodies. Stefan broke the silence: "Dude, I guess we need to take another shower," Frenchimg my right ear with his tongue as he said it. 

So I began to move, leading him by the hand to the shower in my bedroom. After getting the water the right temperature, we entered the shower and began a long, deep kiss as the water flowed over us. Our hands continued to explore one another as our cocks stiffened again and we pressed against one another so intensely and our legs intertwined. I was starting to have deep feelings for this guy, very deep. I eventually pulled away, grabbed the soap, squirted it on his body and started to wash him. His cute smile and killer body were magnified under the water. His body felt incredible as I washed him. 

I knew he probably wasn't ready to cum again, but I dropped to my knees anyway to take his hard cock in my mouth for a few minutes, fingering his ass as I did. Stefan tasted so good in my mouth. I pushed him against the side wall in my shower as I continued to work on him, Stefan rubbing my hair and shoulders. Then he let out a loud groan and squeezed my shoulders. I could taste his cum as he shot in my mouth. He tasted like peaches. I pushed my face all the way against him, taking every drop. He didn't shoot a lot, but I savored every bit of his boy juice. He collapsed a little. 

I pulled off him and stood back up. "Looks like someone wasn't finished earlier."

"God, Rick, that's the first time I've been swallowed."

"You're kidding."

"No. None of the girls I've been ith would swallow. And the same with the guys."

"They don't know what they missed because you taste incredible." Then I kissed him again, pinning his arms against the wall as I grinded into him. "Baby you are so fucking hot. I don't want to freak you out, but I've been thinking about you every time I have masturbsted."

He broke his arms free and took my face in his hands. "So have I." Then he kissed me again. 

God I was falling hard for this cutie. 

Stefan grabbed the soap and washed me. When he washed my back his fingers explored my ass a little. I groaned with pleasure and leaned into him, putting my arm around his head. "Dude you feel really nice," he said, working his fingers in me. 

"My ass is yours. I want you to have it."

He squeezed it while he fingered me. "I like the way it feels. It's toned and a little hairy. ... I've never been inside a guy like this."

"You are doing a very good job. I want you to fuck me after we get out. I want to feel that incredible cock inside of me."

Stefan kissed the back of my neck and pulled out a little. "Dude you really turn me on." He was pressing his stiffening cock against my hip.

"Good." I turned off the water and reached for the towels. We looked and smiled at one another as we dried off, then kissed again as we stepped out of the showed. He had such a sweet little tongue.

I then grabbed a couple of the robes hanging on the back of my bathroom door. (I kept three robes in my rotation.) "Put this on," I said, handing it to him. Stefan looked good in anything. But he looked incredibly sexy in a robe, the opening revealing a bit of his bare chest and his legs below his knees exposed. I stepped back. "I'm sure this will freak you out, but you are just so damn sexy," tying my robe with a raging boner. 

"God you make me blush so hard, you really ... " I didn't let him finish because I pulled him against me to kiss him deeply again.

"You have the sexiest lips and tongue." His lips were thin but full. And very, very soft. They always welcomed my lips and eagerly parted them when I pushed my tongue into his mouth. Stefan kissed in a hungry way, acting satisfied after the embrace broke off. I was really falling for him.

I took his hand and led him to the couch. "OK, what do we have here? Is this just a couple of guys hooking up or are we thinking there is more?"

* * *

"More?" he replied in a low voice. 

"I don't mean marriage or anything like that. I just mean are we thinking this is something we might want to make regular?"

"You mean like date one another?"

"I don't know about dating, per say. I'm not very out at all. But I am monogamous and exclusive. I don't sleep around and .."

"I don't sleep around either," he interrupted. "I've not thought about anyone but you since I was last here. ... But I just can't date. My campus isn't all that open, and my parents would disown me if they even had a clue I was into guys. ... They don't think I should sleep with girls until I'm even married." He gave a nervous laugh. 

"Well, I'd like to see you again, but it would have to be here. I mean we could go out some, but we can't be too obvious, ya know? ... I hope that doesn't sound sleazy."

"It doesn't at all. ... But I couldn't promise to be over here more than a couple days a week. I mean you couldn't come to my dorm room. And I have a full schedule of classes and other things. ... But I'm not interested in dating anyone else right now. ... Besides, no one has made me feel like you have. My thighs are still weak from what we've done today." My cock started to stiffen. 

"God you know how to make me hard. Besides you look so fucking sexy in that robe."

Stefan blushed and said: "And you are turning me on. Just seeing that hair exposed through your robe is driving me insane right now."

"I know we turn each other on a lot, but we really don't know much about each other. I mean I know you haven't been with an older guy. And I'm only the second guy you've had anal with. But I really don't know anything else about you and you don't know anything else about me. ... I mean i we're going to see one another I'd like to know you a little more if that's OK? Or does that freak you out?"

He smiled: "Not at all man."

Remember, this was before Facebook was big. I wasn't on any social media, and Stefan was still on MySpace. (He sent me a link to his page so I could see more pictures of him "when you're alone.")

So we talked for the next couple of hours. I told Stefan about my background and what I did. He told me about how he got to the local college, why he wanted to be a doctor and a little about his family. We alternately held hands and caressed one another while we talked. We even had a few prolonged kisses on the couch. I really loved his lips, tongue, and mouth. I felt like I was hard most of the time. I'd get just lost in his eyes and mouth, almost forget what he was saying. I told Stefan how I got into guys, Stefan told me about the three guys he had been with ... one the summer before his senior year of high school which involved mostly jo and a little oral one night ... a guy he met on vacation after high school that included his first kiss with a guy and lots of oral in different places (the beach at night, under stairs, in a car, in a garage, and a bathroom at a local grocery store over most of a week) ... and a long one night stand with a guy visiting his college when he was topped for the first time but didn't cum. The other boy came on his back, then zipped up and said something about getting back to a party. He ignored Stefan the rest of the night. 

Stefan hadn't gone all the way with girls but had been naked and orgasmed with a couple. He really hadn't dated anyone seriously in college because his eyes were on med school. Since last summer he had been increasingly attracted to men, especially those a little older. Although he was super masc (he had played sports in high school and could have at a small college) he confessed that he really liked being sub. And he was so disappointed when he was topped the first time and the guy just left him.

Like he told me our first time together, he was attracted to me when he first saw me but was afraid to flirt. He did have the courage to approach me when he saw me at the t-shirts, but it took him forever to rally the courage to even make a sound.

* * *

It was after 11 o'clock, and Stefan apologized because he realized he had caused me to miss my appointment. I told him the truth: I didn't have anything planned and would have waited all day for him but I didn't want to appear too eager. He laughed because he had wanted to email me all week. He confessed that he had written and deleted "at least 50 emails to you." I took his right hand and kissed it: "Can you stay a bit longer? We could order pizza and watch some college football games." Stefan nodded and leaned in to give me a long, deep, wet kiss while he reached inside my robe to stroke me a little. "I want a lot of sausage with my pizza," he purred to me, his blue eyes glistening. 

"Let me get my pizza directory from the fridge and you can tell me what you want."

I walked into the kitchen to grab the list, but when I turned around Stefan was standing behind me. 

"So what would you like?" I asked.

"Lots of sausage." Then he dropped to his knees and opened my robe, slowly licking my cock and pelvis area, my balls, my inner thighs. Then he slowly, gradually took my cock in that velvet-lined mouth. I leaned back against the fridge and let him work on me

"Baby you're sooooo good. Damn. We'll never get pizza here if you do that."

Stefan stopped for a moment and looked up at me with those darling eyes: "I don't care. I want you again. I want to taste you now." He gave me an amazing blow job that caused me to cum after a few more minutes. Stefan's lips clamped down on my cock and let me shoot all the way in his mouth. I slid down the fridge, landing on the floor. Stefan sat there, smiling at me. "You taste like cookies," he said. I leaned over and kissed him, feeling his hard cock through his robe.

* * *

"Let's go back to my room. I want to you fuck me. ... But don't freak out. I might be out of condoms." I explained how I had been using them while jacking off to thoughts about him."

Stefan laughed a little and said: "Rick I found a pack of condoms in the dorm bathroom. They must have fallen out of someone's pants. I thought maybe they were a sign that we should use them. ... I have them in my shorts."

"Go get them while we go back to my bedroom. I want to be the first guy you fuck."

When we got to my bedroom I asked Stefan what position he wanted me in. "Think it would be easier to do it doggy?"

"Baby, I want missionary. I want to look in your eyes and kiss you while I'm in you. Just like you were with me my first time with you."

I lubed my ass a little before taking Stefan into me. After he was inside me he began to fuck me harder and harder, leaning down to kiss me every few thrusts. After a couple minutes, he let out a loud moan: "God I'm cumming. Yes babe. Rick oh my god, oh my god yes." He then leaned down to kiss me deeply.

"How was that, man? Make you feel good?"

"Dude I almost felt like I was going to shoot through my condom."

"That's OK, I'm on the pill. I can't get pregnant" and smiled up at him. "That was wonderful."

Stefan collapsed on me and pulled his cock out. I pulled off the condom and tossed it in the trash can next to my bed. Stefan laid his head on my chest, and in no time we fell asleep. We woke up a couple hours later. I was stiff again because we were spooning.

"You awake?" I whispered in his right ear.

"Yes, man. That was a wonderful nap," Stefan said as he hugged my arms that were wrapped around him.

"Still want some pizza?"

* * *

More happened that day. Stefan and I fucked a couple more times and later took a shower, then a bath. We talked a lot more about our lives and what we liked and enjoyed. We got out of the tub around 9 o'clock that night. I felt like I was pushing things, but I asked, "You want to just crash here tonight? You could leave in the morning."

Dropping his towel, Stefan turned to me and kissed me, then said, "Yes. I would love to spend the night in your bed and in your arms."

"Sure your roommate won't suspect anything?"

"Nah, he goes home almost every weekend. And because I'm a junior living in the dorms I'm in line to get a private room next semester. ... We still can't do anything in there, but I can be gone a lot and no one will think anything is up."

"I don't want you to feel pressured or anything like that, Stefan. You are a really cool guy, and I don't want you to get hurt or anything like that."

Stefan removed my towel, led me back to my bedroom, and into the bed. He sat up and looked down at me, rubbing his fingers through my chest hair. "How could you hurt me? I'm here because I want to be here and I like you."

"I know, but I don't want you to feel bad or freak out over anything."

"You mean like whether I think it's wrong for me to have sex with a guy?" Stefan asked.

"Yeah, maybe that. Or if you meet another guy or even a girl and are attracted to them instead of me."

"Rick, I am past the guilt stuff with a guy. Like I said, my family thinks it's wrong. But I ignore that. I've felt that way ever since that week with the guy I met on vacation. I knew after him it wasn't wrong to like guys. ... Then after I couldn't stop thinking about you, I knew it was perfectly fine for two guys to be romantic together. ... And I am going to be faithful to you as long as you are the same. And I love the romance we have together. Besides you have a TV in your bedroom and we can watch games in here together in the nude and have sex during halftime." He shot me another smile and lean down to kiss me.

* * *

We made love again in the middle of the night when we both woke up. And again in the morning. And again before we had lunch. Stefan finally left in the early afternoon. We agreed not to email one another anything incriminating. I told him that I didn't want his parents to be able to find anything between us.
