 I had three more scenes with Derek while Morgan watched us. The first two were very hot. He fucked me a lot the second time. He did me on my knees with my ass sticking up and my pussy hole open wide. While he did me that way Morgan was under us sucking my cock and squeezing my balls. Then he fucked me on my back with my legs back over my shoulders so that my cock was over my mouth. While he fucked me with his long dick Morgan jacked my cock off. I came before he did. A puddle of cum on the bed. She had him stop so I could lick up my cum while he fucked me. That time when he came, she made me squeeze it out of my ass so it ran down my thighs. She scooped it up and fed it to me in front of him.

The next time we went to his apartment. He made me strip naked and had me put on a rubber cock ring. Then they tied me to a straight backed chair and made me watch while she kneeled in front of him as she jerked his black cock til it was hard and the head was red. He was leaking pre cum when she bent over it and sucked him into her red mouth. I had only seen her suck Martin that one time and now seeing the long black dick go into her face was insane looking. My legs were spread and tied to the front legs of the chair while my arms were tied behind my back and to the chair. My cock was hard just watching her do him. She sucked him while she looked at me and her cheeks caved in on him. He was pushing her head up and down with his hands. Her arms were slack at her sides as she gagged on him. When he told her he was ready to cum they both got up and came over to me. She held his cock a few inches from my face and jerked him off til he blew his cum into my gaping mouth and onto my upturned face.

After that scene we drifted away from Derek as we both wanted to try something different than him. Neither one of us had a clue as to what "different" meant but at this point we were game for most anything. I hadn't told her but what I wanted most was for her so see me getting it from a couple of younger guys. 

There's an adult arcade/theater here that, unbeknownst to Morgan, I'd been going to for a few years. It's really close to a Marine recruit base where these young 18-22 or so guys are cooped up for weeks without much in the way of sex. So when they get their first off the base liberty they're really horny and some of them go to this arcade. I had gone there one Saturday night when Morgan was off with her parents for the weekend. 

When you walk into this place there's a showroom with all sorts of movies, toys etc for sale. The manager is at a raised level so he can see everything. At the back of the showroom are a couple of glassed displays of all the movies playing in the booths. One side's gay and the others straighter. The booths don't have glory holes but do have these glass dividers that can be turned on or off so the people in two booths can see each other. 

The theater is a two room two screen deal. One of the rooms has dark alcoves on either side of the screen where guys take on whatever cums. There's not a back row area per se so guys just do stuff in plain view up against the wall or in the seats. 

That Saturday night I had worn some loose black running shorts, a tight gray dryfit undershirt and some flip flops. I sat in a video booth and turned on the glass so the guy in the next booth could see me put on a tight cock ring set up that strapped around and between my balls and then another tight loop went around the base of my cock. The guy watching was motioning that he wanted to come over but nah. I got an entry card and went into the theater. One side is a lot brighter than the other so I went into the darker side with the alcoves. The place was fairly crowded at 11PM. A few older guys but mostly 20-30 somethings. And more than a few young marine types. I sat on the end of a row and watched the lousy movie. It's always funny to me that in a theater where it's all guys looking for guy sex they show hetero movies. Two guys fucking an slender Asian girl. She was hot. Small tits with long nipples. Skinny ass that one guy had his big dick sliding in and out of. I wanted to be her so fucking bad! I took my cock out of the bottom of my right shorts leg and was absently rubbing it. I watched and rubbed for awhile. There were a few guys watching so I figured as long as I had their attention I'd make my intentions plain. I got up and went over to the left of the screen alcove area, got on my knees and waited.

My hard cock was sticking out of the bottom of my shorts. I could see everyone in the theater from the light of the movie shining out on them. Guys were looking towards where I'd gone. After a few minutes a Mexican guy came over to where I was. 30 or so. He unzipped his pants and fished his dick out for me. I don't like blowing a guy with his pants buttoned and up so I unbunttoned him and pulled his jeans (no underwear) down just a bit. I looked at his dark cut cock and rubbed my thumb over the head til some moisture came out. Pre cum makes me hot so I stuck my tongue out and he rubbed his cock over it so I could taste. That was all it took to hook me. I licked the head running my tongue all over it while I ran my fingers up and down the shaft. 

"You fucking cocksucker!" he whispered. "Geez you're fucking good, bitch."

I pulled him into me so I could get his nice sized shaft into my throat. He was holding my head and fucking his cockhead into my throat bumping it each time he thrust. I was moaning around his dick cause it turned me on so fucking much. I sensed someone on my left and kind of turned my head to see. There was a young white guy in cargo shorts and a t shirt. He undid the shorts and slid them down to his ankles. He had a log. A really big pretty cock. Smooth with just a little hair around the top. I raised my eyes to look at him while I slathered my mouth all over the Mexican's cock. The white guy was looking down at me while he slowly stroked his cock til it was hard. The Mexican turned my attention back to him and I went crazy sucking him wanting him to cum so I could have the big white dick next to me. I had my hand under his tight sack and was rolling his balls around while I bobbed my head up and down on him. He was now leaning back against the wall with his legs bent breathing hard. I squeezed his balls just as I plunged him into me so that I basically swallowed his dick. He moaned, held my head tight and pulled out so that just the head was in me when he blew his cum load. Some guys really spurt and some guys sort of pop their cum out in a stream. This guy was a streamer. He filled my mouth while I sucked every drop out of him. His knees buckled and he pulled out of me. He patted my cheek, zipped up and walked away. 

I turned to the white guy and his big cock. Without any preamble I slid my lips over the fat head and sucked on it. 

"Oh baby that's good. It's been so long since I had a hot mouth on me." He said as he opened a bottle of poppers and held it under my nose. I took a big hit and then he put it up to his nose and inhaled deeply. "See how much you can take pussy bitch." 

So I worked his long fat cock into my mouth as far as I could. Then I relaxed my muscles as best I could and took a little more into my throat. His cock was so hot. I ran my tongue around it as much as I could while he held it in me. I could feel the veins particularly the big one on the bottom. God he was hot to suck. He stopped me and then pulled me up to my feet.

"You want to go somewhere and party together? I'll fuck you all over til you're sore." He said as he rubbed my cock and I rubbed his.

"Fuck yes. Let's go. Hotel. Anywhere." I panted.

"My room mate is here too. Want to party with both of us at the same time?" he asked.

"Is he as hot as you and is is dick nearly as big?" I whispered after we kissed frenching tongues all over the place. He nodded towards another young guy in the front row with his cock out. "Yeah I want you both."

He pulled his shorts back up and I kind of adjusted mine. We walked out to the lobby and his friend followed. 

We took two cars and after I stopped to get some tequila and beer they followed me to a no tell motel down Rosecrans Ave. Nasty seedy place which makes it all the hotter. I got a room and the three of us went inside. I turned the TV on to some generic porn. The two hotties introduced themselves as Jeff and Matt. Both were 19 and were indeed Marine recruits who had been cooped up without sex for weeks while they went through training. Jeff and I sat on the bed while Matt sat in an arm chair. We did a couple of shots and a beer each. I stood up and pulled my shirt over my head as I asked if there was any reason why we shouldn't get into some serious partying. By the time I had slid my shorts off they were both shirtless and moving quickly towards being as naked as I was. Jeff was a big guy. I'd guess he's 6'2" and maybe 200 pounds of smooth muscled flesh. Marine-short blonde hair. Standing there naked his cock looked to be at least seven or eight inches and thick. He was already hard. Matt was about 5'10" and about 165 or so pounds. He too was pretty smooth all over. His dick was of the six to seven inch variety. He too was cut and hard as a young rock. Jeff had had a fanny pack on. He now unzipped it and pulled out a couple of bottles of poppers and two big fat joints. He lit one of them, took huge hit and passed it to me. I took a big hit and passed it to Matt. As I did, Jeff pushed an open bottle of poppers under my nose. The rush from both the pot and the poppers hit at the same time. I was so fucked up that fast!

"Rick, come on over here and suck on my cock baby." Said Matt as he grasped his cock at the base and waved it around. Jeff had taken some baby oil out of his pack and now walked over to Matt so he could squirt it all over him. I went over and started rubbing the oil into Matt's chest and then his stomach and then down to his fat dick. Jeff squirted some oil on Matt's cock and balls. I squeezed his cock and rubbed the oil into his pussyass. I was standing in front of the chair and I leaned forward so that my hands and forearms were on the arms of the chair. I was bent at the waist with my face just above his gorgeous slick cock. 

"Suck my cock Rick. C'mon baby. Suck it cause I'm so fucking hot to cum!" I was looking at his dick as I felt liquid hit my cheeks and the crevice of my asspussy. I bent a little lower and took the head of his dick into my mouth. I was swirling my tongue all over it when I felt Jeff's big dick sliding up and down the crack of my ass. He was holding his cock with one hand as he ran it up and down me pausing at the hole to tease me. He squirted some more oil on my pussy while I plunged my mouth down over Matt's red headed cock. I was sucking on him when Jeff stuck the popper bottle under my nose once more. I was insane with wanting cum from these two hot pussy boys. I thought my head was going to explode and then I felt Jeff sticking a couple of his big fingers into me. I moaned around Matt's cock as Jeff got me ready for his dick. He was pushing his fingers in and out of me while he talked.

"You fucking faggot bitch. I got three fucking fingers in your cunt you cocksucker. And you love it dontcha! Suck my friend's dick you slut. Next I'm gonna fuck the piss out of you!" Matt was now holding my head as he pulled it on and off of his nasty cock. Jeff pulled his fingers out but I was only empty for a moment before I felt his fat cockhead slide past my ring and all the way into me. I almost fell forward on Matt but managed not to as Jeff started fucking in and out of me. "Fuck that's a tight pussy ass you little cunt! Wait til you fuck him Matt. He's tight." I was squeezing my pussy muscles as hard as I could trying to fuck his cock even harder. My own cock was so hard that it hurt when I squeezed. 

"Ah shit I'm gonna fucking cum." Cried Matt as he pushed his cock into my mouth and throat making me gag and choke. "Oh my fucking god I'm gonna blow a bucket!" I managed to pull up just enough so that when his hot cum shot out of his piss hole I could get it into my mouth for the flavor of sex. His sex starved pole pulsed out a ton of cum but I managed to keep most of it in my mouth for him to see. I was now looking down at him as Jeff fucked me. I opened my mouth and let some of his cum drool out so that it landed on his cock. I swooped down and sucked it back into my mouth again and showed him the mouthful again. "Fuck Jeff! This fucking bitch is holding onto my cum. Show him pussy boy."

I turned so that Jeff could see my face. Then I opened my mouth so he could see Matt's cum as it drooled out and down my chin. "Ahhhh fuck! You fucking cunt! I'm gonna shoot off!" The image of me facing him with the cum as he fucked me pushed him over and I could actually feel his big cock pulsing cum into me. He pulled out and I fell to my knees so I could get the rest of his nasty spunk but some of it landed on the filthy carpeting. He sat back on the bed and I sucked him til he was dry and then he pushed me roughly away. "Lick it up off the floor cunt." He said as I bent my head to do it. I was so hot and my cock was so hard that I'd have done anything they asked. 

I was sitting on the floor up against the bed jerking my cock. After a few minutes the two Marine studs lifted me up and put me on my back on the bed. Jeff poured some more oil onto me from my chest down to my feet. While he was rubbing it into me, getting me slick, Matt went into the bathroom to get a washcloth. He poured some popper on it and held it over my nose. I breathed in four or five times before he took it away for a moment. I gasped for air and then he put it back. I was in a sex frenzy as I sucked in the vapors while Jeff slid his fist up and down my cock. 

They stopped and then each one took one of my legs and spread them. Then they put my legs back over my shoulders. "He's really limber isn't he Jeff?" asked Matt.

"Fuckin a he's limber. You ever managed to suck your own cock baby?" asked Jeff. I just shook my head "no" as they brought my legs to a point where my toes were touching the surface of the bed and my leaking cock was over my face. "Hold him like this Matt." I'm going to see if I can make him crazy. With that he kneeled next to my right leg, took his now hard again cock, and started sliding it around on the bottom of my foot. I thought I was going to faint. His cock on my foot somehow felt like something was also happening to my dick. He put the slick head between my toes and fucked them with it. I was jerking on my cock fisting it up and down while he made me wild. I was plunging my left hand in and out of my open pussy hole when Matt poured a big shot of Tequila down my throat and then covered my nose and mouth with the drenched poppers cloth. He then moved my hand from my pussy hole and replaced it with his. I couldn't tell how many fingers he had in me but as full as it felt I knew I could take more. 

Jeff had stopped fucking my feet with his hot cock and was now sliding his hand up and down my cock while it hovered inches above my mouth and face. Matt removed his hand and then shoved it back into me. Now it felt really full. "Fuck Jeff. I've got four fingers in this pussy cocksucker. What do you think?"

"He's going to fist fuck your pussy Rick. Gonna fuck you up you little pig slut." Said Jeff as his hand clutched my balls and squeezed just as Matt worked everything including his thumb into me. I knew my mouth was wide open and I was trying to say something but I couldn't talk. All I could do was moan and gasp at the sensations hitting me. 

"Stick your fucking cock in him Matt. Fuck him til he can't walk. Fuck him hard fucker!" Matt pulled his fingers out and positioned his cock into my hole. After Jeff fucking me and then the close to fisting fuck I got from Matt's hand, I was looses. So as he sank his dick into me he put a couple of fingers in with it. At the same time Jeff was forcing my cock closer to my mouth until in my delirious state, I could snake my tongue out and touch the head. Jeff had one hand holding me down while her jerked his big cock over me. Matt was plunging his cock and fingers in and out doing me as hard as he could. I was in some lust state where I would have done anything they wanted and more. 

"Ahhhhhh I'm gonna shoot it I'm gonna shoot it!" shouted Matt. As he pulled his pulsing cock out of me and scooted up so that it was pointing at my upper body Jeff grunted a few times and exclaimed that he was going to cum too. Matt's cock shot a long stream of hot white cum that landed on my chest and face. Just as his cum landed on me Jeff's big cock blasted into my face showering me. That put me over and I finally came. My dick must've looked like it was peeing white as the stream that hit my face and mouth seemed never ending. 

"Fuck yeah you pussy! Eat your cum. Suck it all down!" said Jeff as he scooped his and Matt's cum off of me and fed it into my mouth to mix with my own. I was swallowing three separate loads of cum and if there'd be ten I would have eaten the rest too! 

We all collapsed on the bed and laid there like the dead. I'd never been fucked quite like that before and I savored the moments. "You guys ever do anything with girls?" I asked after awhile.

Jeff said "Yeah, what'd you have in mind?"

"Well, there's this girl named Morgan that might be fun if we three work everything right."

Next!