 What a day. It had been one problem after another it seemed like. I was beat, mentally and physically, and I needed a hot shower and a cold beer. I knew that the hot water would feel especially good on my weary bones after the long day at the office. We had hired a new cleaning company for our office building and I was in charge of making sure they showed up and did their job according to the contract. The last company started slacking off within a few weeks; cutting corners, not showing up every night, and there had been some things missing from people's desks. I caught them sneaking things out in their mop buckets and I was determined not to let that happen again. I wanted them to know that we were serious and that they would be watched closely.

I have a full bathroom in my office with a big walk-in shower; one of the perks of being an executive. The new cleaning crew had already cleaned my office so I thought I'd take a quick shower before working on some paperwork for a few more hours; one of the drawbacks of being an executive.. I closed and locked my office door and went in the bathroom and hung up my suit, shirt, and tie and stepped out of my boxer briefs. I stood at the full-length mirror admiring the work I had recently put into exercising. I'm in my mid-40's but am in the best shape of my life. That infomercial for the "90-day workout miracle" had in fact done miracles for my physique. I was in good shape before starting that program but now: wow. I still can't believe that an older guy like myself can become as cut as those guys in that commercial in just 90 days. 

I lingered in the hot, steamy shower for quite a while, enjoying myself with the hand-held sprayer. I haven't been with anyone, man or woman, in quite a while and as usual, I was horny as hell. It felt so good to spray the underside of my cock and balls with the shower hose; jerking off as I squatted down and shot a hard stream of hot water onto and into my spreading asshole as I stroked my hard cock. Giving myself an enema with the hot shower water was one of my favorite things to do. I was imagining some hot guy pissing on and in my spread-open asshole instead of it being the shower hose. Hey, this was better than nothing, I thought to myself; I had to get some relief. Pretty soon I was shooting my cum across the shower onto the tile wall. Wow, that felt great; I could feel my asshole contracting as I came. Naturally, my fingers were shoved up there and I could feel it opening and closing so fast as if has a mind of its own. It felt great, but not as great as if someone else would have been in there with me. I've had some pretty hot, dirty, sexcapades after working out at the gym, with both men and women; sometimes both at the same time. It's amazing how many people out there enjoy good, dirty sex.

As I was stepping out of the shower, I thought I heard something in my office. The noise of the shower had drowned out any other sounds, but once I turned the water off I could hear sounds in the other room; shuffling sounds, like someone was moving furniture or something. My cock was still red from stroking it and from the hot water. It hung down, fat and plump but it wasn't as hard as it had been a few minutes ago. I should be here by myself, I thought. The cleaning crew has to be finished with the rest of the building and they should be gone by now. My office was the last area they cleaned tonight. I watched them leave the building from my 2nd floor office window and I watched them load their van. I watched them through my upper window to make sure they didn't sneak anything out in their mop buckets like the last crew had done. Maybe I shouldn't have been as hard on them as I was but I wanted to make sure they knew that we wouldn't tolerate any shoddy work from them. The last cleaning crew got away with that for too long. 

I opened the bathroom door and stuck my head out and my office was dark. I thought I had left the light on but maybe I did turn it off, I can't remember now. I stepped out into the room and slowly tip-toed my way to where I thought the light switch was. It was so dark that I couldn't see anything and I didn't want to trip on anything or stub my toe. The room was hot from the AC being off for almost three hours after everyone else left for the evening while I stayed to look after the new cleaning crew. I was dripping wet and was starting to get excited at the thought of my favorite fantasy coming true: being taken against my will and being gang banged and used as a dirty sex toy by strangers.

My cock was growing the more I shuffled and stumbled my way across my dark office looking for that damn light switch. I knew that nobody else could possibly be in there with me since I was alone in the building. My mind started to wander and when I bumped into the back of one of my puffy, warm, soft office chairs, I grabbed onto it and started humping it like a dog in heat. That felt sooo good; humping the back of that warm, soft, padded chair in the dark like it was human. I draped my arms over the front of it and pushed myself up so my feet were off the floor and was really getting into it; crashing up and down, bouncing off of that poor chair like I was punishing it. My cock was still wet from the shower and my precum added enough lubrication to be able to fuck between the folds of the puffy, warm padding of the chair back like I was fucking between someone's warm, soft ass cheeks. I was really going at it when I felt a hand SLAP across my ass!! Someone else was in my dark office with me! I stopped humping the chair and yelled, "HEY! OWW!! Who's in here?"

There wasn't an answer and I was so awkwardly planted up on top of that chair that I couldn't get off before two sets of hands grabbed onto my arms and tied them to the two front chair legs with velcro straps and a rag was tied over my eyes! Strangers had tied and blindfolded me over the back of a chair I was just humping; not a good situation to be in. Who were these people? I could tell that they had rough hands as they rubbed them over my naked, wet back, ass, and legs; rough, calloused, rugged, scratchy hands. My cock and balls were being squeezed and fondled; my asshole was being tickled with what felt like a tongue and fingers. What was going to happen to me?! "Bbbb.. mmm..." They had stuffed a ball gag in my mouth and tied it behind my head! I couldn't speak; only moan..

A tongue was licking the underside of my hard cock and tightened balls that was pressed against the back of the chair. That felt so good having some stranger lick my squeaky clean cock and balls as I was blindfolded, draped over, and tied to a chair in my dark office. Finally, someone with an accent spoke, "Man, you were so hard on us tonight, now it's our turn to be hard on you. We're going to show you who's boss now, eh?" 

It was the cleaning foreman; I recognized his voice. I know I was pretty hard and demanding of them tonight, maybe I shouldn't have been so tough with them. My mind was racing. I could tell that these guys were watching me all night; leering at me, but I didn't think anything of it. Now they were really watching me and had me in a horribly compromising position. 

FLASH! A camera flash just went off! And another! They were taking pictures of me naked and draped over one of my office chairs with my puckered, gaping, pink asshole winking to the camera! A finger was shoved up my ass! FLASH! The foreman said, "These are insurance pictures. If you don't do everything we say from now on, we'll e-mail these to your boss." I was being blackmailed to do what they wanted; I was about to become their dirty sex slave, just like my fantasy. I never thought that would really happen to me but now there's no turning back.

SLAP! SPANK! "OWWW!" I didn't know how many of them there were. Only three of the janitors were guys; two mid-30's Latinos and one very young black guy, probably just 18 at the most, and also one older white woman about 50 or so. Maybe they brought some of their fellow workers to also use and abuse my poor little ass. Have they done this before? Forcing their clients to be sex toys for their dirty minds and dirty cocks?

I was being spanked by at least two different sets of hands; one was much smaller than the other. Was this the older woman that had been one of the four janitors in the office? My cheeks were being spread apart; hard and far, spread out like an open book. Someone was up on my back, straddling my waist facing my ass and pulling my cheeks apart. I was being pressed down onto the back of the puffy chair by the full weight of some stranger who was getting a close look at my most intimate spot; my clean little pink asshole. I could picture one of the uniforms that the cleaning people wore as the rough material was being rubbed against my back. They had turned on the office lights and I knew that they were looking at every square inch of my naked, wet, sweating body as they were about to abuse my tiny little man pussy. My poor asshole was exposed to their full view and was gaping open from being bent over the chair and having my cheeks spread so hard and far apart. Fingers were rubbing up and down between my cheeks and against my asshole. Tongues were flicking against my horny hole; being pressed into it, fucking in and out of it. I could feel faces bouncing off of my butt cheeks as tongues were being plunged deep into my asshole. They had jammed two of their dirty little toilet plungers on my ass cheeks; one on each cheek, and they were pulling them as far apart as they could!! It felt like my ass was going to split in two; but it was exciting at the same time being forced and abused like this. Feeling the air on my exposed, gaping shit hole.

Someone was pouring something on me! It was warm and was oozing over my butt cheeks and running in-between and tickling my open asshole as it ran over and in my hole. What was it? It was some sort of oil because they were now rubbing it around on and in my hole and it felt slippery. They poured it right in my gaping asshole! It must have been some sort of cooking oil or something from the office kitchen. Fingers were going in and out of my ass in pairs, stretching it out even more. Two or three fingers were in each side of my stretched asshole, pulling it out from each side, stretching it out and spitting in it. I could feel their hot spit against my cheeks and asshole, dripping and running inside of me. Someone was trying to get their whole hand up my ass it felt like; stretching it open with all four fingers and their thumb up there! Pushing, stretching, pushing.. YOW!! How much would my poor little abused asshole stretch?! 

Now there was something soft, wet, and furry pressing on my asshole. It was one of their dirty, little, soft cotton urinal mop brushes! They were trying to shove a dirty, piss-covered urinal mop up my ass! It was one of those little pom-pom looking toilet bowl swabs! Luckily they didn't use the hard bristle type. Whatever lube they poured on and in my ass sure was slippery because they were shoving that dirty little urinal wand in and out of my poor abused hole, laughing and spanking my butt cheeks at the same time. The one guy was still resting on my back, squeezing me with his legs as he straddled my naked back and watched that piss-smelling cotton wand being shoved way in and pulled out of my ass over and over again. 

ZZZZZip.. There it was, the sound I had been anticipating; the sound I had been waiting for so long. The sound I knew was coming, the sound of someone getting ready to fuck my asshole here in my dark office while I was tied-up and helpless and bent over this hot, smooth padded chair and couldn't do anything about it; not that I wanted to do anything about it. I've been single and horny for months and have been out of my mind thinking about just such a scenario; now it was going to happen. I was about to be gang-banged in the ass by dirty strangers while being blindfolded, tied up, and totally helpless! 

The first slippery cockhead was rubbing over my slippery, stretched asshole. It felt great and I was already close to cumming. I felt a mouth take my cock in and that was it, I shot a huge load of cum in that mouth. I could feel my own cum being spit out on and in my gaping asshole; it was so warm and thick as it oozed up into my open, gaping asshole. Then the cockhead just rammed up into my stretched asshole, right up to his balls!! He shouted, "AHHHHHHHH!!! I'm cumming already! I just rammed into this guy's ass and I'm already cumming in his colon!" It wasn't the foreman's voice. Who just shot his cum up my asshole? 

It wasn't long before the next cock was fucking into my gaping hole. My butt cheeks were still being spread apart by the two plungers but they could still ram into me, and ram they did. I felt several different sized cocks going into my ass and they all rammed into me so hard that I probably won't shit for a week. My colon was so full of sperm it was like I was getting a cum enema. Hot cum was sloshing out of my asshole every time someone bottomed out in me, pressing against my dirty ass. 

I had also fucked what I assumed was the 50-year old cleaning woman's ass. too. She got between me and the back of the chair and my cock slipped right up her asshole. I fucked into her with all my might as someone was bouncing off of my ass at the same time. After cumming up her ass, she stayed there for a few minutes and since I had to piss anyway, I pissed up her ass at the same time as I was being filled over and over again with the hot piss of dirty strangers. I couldn't tell if they were going to fuck my ass or piss in it until they started spraying sharp jets of hot piss into my gaping asshole. Sometimes they did both just like I did to the cleasning woman's ass. They didn't even have to put their cocks in my ass because my hole was gaped open so far. They just aimed at my hole and started pissing on and in me, laughing the whole time! My gaping asshole became sort of a game for them. See who can hit the target. 

It was a dream-fantasy come true. I never thought I would actually want this to happen, but now I know that I'm really just a dirty whore who should be used and abused by dirty laborers. I wanted and needed to have my ass abused and stretched and fucked and cummed in and filled with hot piss and have objects shoved in it. I needed to be tied up and helpless and be a dirty sex toy for strangers to abuse. I didn't want it to end, but I knew that the new cleaning service would be around the office for a long, long time. I have a feeling that they will continue to use and abuse me with their friends for as long as I want to keep those photos out of my boss' hands; and that's ok with me...