 I was beginning to wake up when I felt the warm breath on my, rapidly stiffening nipples, and kept my eyes closed enjoying the feeling. Long hair brushed my chest as a tongue flicked over first one nipple then the other before brushing my chest down lower over my naked body. The lower the head went the harder my cock became, until it was throbbing with longing for the hair owners mouth to wrap around it.

I didn't have to wait long and, very quickly, the warm breath that had caressed my body was soon running up and down my thick, hard shaft and over the swollen, purple head of my cock. I gasped as the mouth's tongue flicked over me, tasting the pre-cum that had seeped from the slit in the end of it. Once the tongue had cleaned me I felt the lips surround me and, very slowly, the mouth lowered itself down my whole shaft until no more could enter.

I reached down with one hand and ran my fingers through the hair covering my crotch area and opened my mouth to say something but, before I could, I felt the thick shaft of a cock push past my lips. Reaching up with my free hand I tried to encircle the thick shaft with my fingers but it was so thick I struggled.

Wrapping my lips tightly around the invading dick, while still holding it, I stroked the shaft as I began to move my head up and down the full length slowly, the mouth around my own cock doing the same.

I opened my eyes a little to see the gorgeous dark skinned six-pack in front of me, slowly moving his hips back and forth, fucking my mouth gently. I would have moaned loudly, if my mouth wasn't so full, but instead I just sucked quicker, eager to taste the seed from the cock. 

Gripping the head surrounding my own cock I began to buck my hips and fuck the mouth surrounding me, my need to cum becoming increasingly urgent. Glancing down the bed I saw the thick tattooed arms of the man sucking my cock and took hold of one of his hands before sliding it slowly down, between my legs, towards my tight ass. Knowing what I wanted the man's finger began to circle my tightness before he began to ease his thick middle finger into me, caused me to buck even more wildly. Pushing his finger further into me he soon ran the tip over my g-spot, almost sending me over the edge right then.

Greedily I sucked the cock in my mouth even faster and prepared myself as the balls in front of me tightened and a small groan emanated from the cock owner's mouth. Gripping my hair he thrust a couple more times before his thick cock twitched violently and the first stream of his thick, white, milky liquid erupted from his cock, deep into my throat. I swallowed, and sucked, as fast as I could desperately not wanting to spill a drop of the slightly salty fluid.

My own cock twitched violently in the mouth surrounding mine and I unleashed jet after jet of my own liquid into the eager mouth. Twitch after twitch released more and more cum into the eager mouth until I was fully spent, and had nothing more to give. Withdrawing his finger from my ass slowly the strong tattooed arms scooped my legs up onto his shoulders, and I knew what was coming.

As the dark skinned cock was removed from my mouth, a small sliver of cum hanging from the end, I felt the man's engorged dick poke against my slightly loosened hole, before pulling away. Dark, strong hands gripped my wrists, and pulled my arms above my head, before I heard the click of the shackles attached to the bed fasten around my wrists.

I opened my eyes and lifted my head slightly to see the two men standing at the end of the bed and my excitement at being bound and helpless, unable to stop these two doing whatever they wanted drove me crazy with lust. 

"Take me please," I begged as the two of them whispered amongst themselves.

My cock throbbed with anticipation as I watched them grip each other's cocks and slowly begin stroking each other back to full hardness.

"Please," I begged again the sight of them stroking each other frustrating me. "How much do you want us to fuck you?" The dark skinned one asked.

Trying my hardest to remember his name from the night before I couldn't remember if he was Marcus or that was tattooed man's name, so I just guessed.

"So fucking desperately Marcus," I replied and waited to see what he said. "Hear that Pete he's desperate," Marcus, I'd got his name right, said.

The one called Pete smiled, let go of Marcus's cock and began to stroke his own.

"How about we both fuck you at the same time," Pete said. "What both of you, in my ass, at the same time?" I said looking at the two cocks swaying in front of me. "Do you think my ass could take you both?" "Sure be fun to try," Marcus said walking to the head of the bed and undoing the shackles.

Feeling slightly disappointed at being freed I looked at Marcus.

"Let Pete lay on the bed Julian," Marcus said. "Then lower your ass onto his thick, hard cock."

I moved over so Pete could lie down like Marcus had said and as soon as he did I straddled his legs and began to lower myself slowly. As I got closer I felt Pete put a wet finger against my hole and begin massaging me, getting me ready to accommodate him. By the time I felt the swollen head of his dick against my hole I was so wet that he had no trouble easing into me, causing me to gasp slightly. I bucked my hips slowly, making sure all of him was inside me when Marcus spoke again.

"Now lie back on Pete for me," he said.

I did as he asked, Pete wrapping his muscular arms around me to stop me from falling off, and as he did Marcus moved in between our legs, stroking his gorgeous black cock. Sucking his finger he reached and smothered around my full hole, and the base of Pete's cock, before moving closer. Kneeling between our legs he held his thick, hard dick and guided it towards my cock filled ass and began to push gently, trying to get his cock in me next to Pete's.

Gritting my teeth I winced in pain as, very slowly, Marcus's cock slid alongside Pete's and into my already full hole. Pain tore through me as he continued to push further and further into me, my eyes filling with tears. I had never felt pain like it but was so desperate to be filled with the pair of them that I closed my eyes and tried to blot the pain out.

After a few minutes though the pair of them were embedded deep inside my ass, and the pain began to give way to a pleasure like I had never experienced in all the times I had been fucked, and as soon as the pair of them began to thrust I screamed out in ecstasy.

"OH YES FUCK ME!!!!!" I screamed at the pair of them.

Reaching down and gripping my own cock in my hand I began to wank in time with Pete and Marcus's thrusting. Soon though I felt the first signs that I was going to cum, again, as my balls tightened. Tensing by body, desperately trying to hold back for Marcus and Pete, I felt one of the cocks inside my ass twitch and knew that I was soon going to be filled more than I ever had before.

Unable to hold back any longer I pulled my cock quickly and looked down as the first thick white stream of cum erupted from the end of my cock, exactly as Marcus grunted, gasped and thrust hard once more before, he came as well. Marcus's thrusting slowed as twitch after twitch from his cock deposited more and more cum inside me, my own juices covering my chest, glistening in the light.

No sooner had Marcus stopped thrusting completely, his cock no longer able to give me any more juice, Pete gasped loud enough to wake the dead.

"FUCK YEAH!!!!!!" He screamed out as he rammed his cock as hard into my ass as he could before unloading his own juices rapidly.

By the time he had finished I could feel the juices of the pair of them inside me and clenched my ass to stop them withdrawing, desperate for the feeling of fulfillment that I was feeling to never leave me. I had never thought being double penetrated could feel as good as it did and wished I had tried it sooner, as I wondered if I would ever get to experience the feeling again. 

All I could hope was that one day I would.