 Last week I stayed in a motel that had a mirrored wall over the sinks and a full length mirror on the wall next to the bathroom door. There was also a thick soft rug on the floor. It was well lighted. I'm a bit of an exhibitionist and voyeur at times and I thought it would be fun to give a friend a blow job in front of the mirrors.

You and I had spent the day touring wineries in the local area. After dinner we swam a bit in the motel pool and soaked in the hot tub. We then went to our rooms, which were connected. You wanted to shower to wash off the chlorine.

When I heard your shower start, I took off my swim suit and came into your room. I got on my knees on the soft rug in front of the full length mirror I stroked my cock while I waited for you. When you finished showering and toweling yourself dry you opened the bathroom door and stepped out.

You smiled when you saw me kneeling there with my hand wrapped around a big hard-on. You dropped your towel and stepped closer to me. When you saw our reflections in the mirrors you really smiled.

The hot shower had relaxed your scrotum. Your walnut sized balls hung low, in their furry sac, below your soft fat penis. I kissed the head of your penis and lifted it so I could kiss and then suck each of your balls.

I gently took each nut into my mouth and bathed and rolled it around with my tongue. You rubbed your penis across my forehead and eyelids while I sucked your nuts. Your scrotum began to contract so I moved to your now semi flaccid penis.

You put your hands on your hips as I took your penis in my hand. I pushed the foreskin back and completely exposed the plum sized head. I licked the head then slipped my lips over it. I ran my tongue around the head before I stuffed all of your penis into my mouth.

My lips were in your pubic hair. Your penis was getting hard inside my mouth. A feeling I love. It was changing from a soft fat penis into a thick hard cock for me to suck.

As your cock got harder I moved my head back and began some serious cocksucking. I took it out of my mouth and licked you from balls to cockhead. I nibbled my way up and down your cock shaft and I ran the tip of my tongue around the rim and tapped the sensitive vee. You really liked that.

I bobbed my head and slipped my lips up and down your cock as I masturbated you with my mouth. But most of all I used my tongue and lips on and around your cockhead. I gently fondled, squeezed and tugged you balls as I sucked you off.

When I felt your scrotum tightening up and your cock becoming more rigid in my mouth, I pulled your cock out of my mouth. I kneeled there with my mouth open and my tongue stuck out slightly. I wanted you to see your sweet cum shooting into my mouth.

I was holding your hard cock. You put your hand on mine to aim better. I removed my hand and you gently stroked your cock. The first gob shot into my mouth and landed on the back of my tongue.

Then you began to cum in a steady stream of warm sweet cream. You filled my mouth as I swallowed. Cum ran over my lips and dripped to my chest. You moved your cock around and hosed my face. When you stopped cumming in a steady stream I sucked your cock back into my mouth and sucked your balls dry. I looked up at you after I had licked your cock clean. You smiled some more. You used a fingertip to wipe some of your cum off my face. You extended your finger to me and I licked it clean.

I looked at myself in the mirror. My faced was covered with cum and there was cum in my hair. I wiped my face and licked my hands clean. I got to my feet and went into the bathroom to shower.

After I toweled myself dry I opened the bathroom door and stepped out. I smiled. You were kneeling on the soft rug in front of the mirrors. Your mouth was open and you had stroked your penis to a hard erect cock.