 We hooked up through a gay website, met in a bar located in between our houses, and had a couple drinks while we talked. We grabbed two stools at the end of the bar, facing the door with the bar wall a couple feet behind us. The place was deserted which was good as the sexual innuendos started right away and, when the bartender wasn't near, led to conversations about what we like in bed with another man. He pressed his knee against mine and just held it there. Then I felt his hand touch the top of my thigh, then rest there while we talked about cock sucking. I made a point of spreading my legs and he moved his hand up my leg and over to my crotch. Now he knew what I had known since first getting here -- I was erect. Returning the favor, I reached over and, feeling the tightness of his pants and the size of his bulge, confirmed he was in a similar condition.

We got a motel room...we locked the door... we immediately began taking off our clothes while watching the other mans body become exposed. Once naked, we looked at each other bodies -- for just about two seconds.

Then we moved together, touching for the first time...feeling and being felt up. Our hands moved over each other's chest, stomachs, and backs, then downward to hold the others cock for the first time. His hand felt cool on my cock and he stroked me firmly. His cock felt hot and so hard in my hand. He found my balls and cupped them softly; I instantly spread my legs to give him better access. His fingers probed my sac, sometimes moving and feeling each ball, sometimes pushing upwards, into me slightly.

Then he wrapped his arms around me and we hugged, rubbing our chests and crotches together as our hands roamed over each others back and shoulders. I reached down and fondled one cheek. It was firm and muscled. 

After a while of that I felt his hands travel up my sides to my shoulders and a slight pressure, pushing me down. I ended up kneeling in front of him, his cock pointing at me, inches from my mouth. His cockhead was wet with pre-cum. I leaned forward while looking him right in the eyes and with closed lips kissed the very tip, coating my lips in his fluid. I licked my lips and murmured, "Mmmm." 

I opened my mouth and kissed again, taking about half his head between my lips this time. Then I reached my tongue out and slowly licked around the head and underneath. I looked up at him as I took the head of his cock into my mouth and swirled my tongue around it, drawing a moan from him. My tongue licked down the side of his shaft and back up the underside to his piss slit which had another drop of pre cum on it. 

He whispered urgently, "Suck it, please! I need it in your mouth!"

My mouth opened wide and I took him in as deeply as I could, and then closed my lips around his shaft tightly. He shuttered and moaned louder as I backed off his cock while sucking hard. I began bobbing on his manhood with long slow strokes, always taking him as deeply as I could and almost pulling off his cock on the up stroke. He hissed, "Yesss. Oh that feels so good! Yeah, suck my cock." 

My hand fondled his balls softly as I increased speed bobbing on his meat. He began pushing his hips at me as I went down on him. His strokes got longer and started gagging me a bit so I wrapped my other hand around the base of his shaft so I could still take as much of his cock as comfortable. 

I felt his hand on the back of my head as he said, "Is this OK?" pushing me down on his cock a little more. 

"Mmm" was able all the noise I could make around that fat cock but he understood it meant yes and using both hands, began pushing my mouth up and down his shaft. 

He pulled me down deep and just held me there for a few moments. "Your hot mouth feels so good on my cock. Looks so sexy too, your lips wrapped around it holding it for me." He pumped my head a couple more times and held me deep again and said, "I like watching it go in and out of your mouth. You like sucking it, don't you?" 

I looked up at him and nodded, all the while alternating between hard sucks on his shaft and running my tongue underneath. 

He pulled back and began pumping in and out while holding my head tightly. "Take it", he moaned. "Take my cock in your mouth and suck me, you cocksucker!" He was fucking my mouth fast and hard and his lovely balls had tightened, I expected I was going to get his cum load soon. 

It really turned me on to know how much pleasure I was giving him. All I wanted to do was make him feel good. I cupped his balls with one hand and squeezed gently, while sucking as hard as I could. As I started back down on the cock, it erupted in my mouth; his first shot hit the back of my throat. I slowed down, but continued the sucking strokes as he came in me. 

I held still for a few moments then pulled off and swallowed his creamy load. Then I went back down on him to gently get the rest of his cum off his cock. When I finished I put my lips around the base of him and without moving or sucking, I just held his cock in my mouth. "Oh, I came so hard! It felt so damn good! You really know how to take care of a cock baby," he said while his hand stroked through my hair. 

I let his softening cock slip from my lips and replied, "I'm glad I gave you pleasure." 

He smiled and said, "Let me suck on you a bit, I haven't tasted you yet. How about getting up here and letting me service you?" 

I lay back in the middle of the bed with my legs spread as he climbed between them. He positioned his cock on mine and brought his chest down to rest on mine. Our arms wrapped around each other and we kissed deeply. He held me tighter and his tongue forced my mouth to open and to accept his probing. I sucked on his tongue like it was a little cock then pressed mine into his mouth deeply as we rubbed our cocks and our bodies together.

"Oh honey", I moaned, "You feel so fucking good. And you're making me feel so fucking good too." 

His hips pumped harder over my spread crotch with that and he moaned, "God you feel good." 

I slipped my legs around his back and locked my ankles; his thrusting began moving me back and forth on the bed like he was fucking me. 

His tongue was fucking my mouth just like his cock had done and his cock felt great rubbing mine back and forth.

When he began moving down my body I spread my legs wider for him. He stopped at each nipple to suck and squeeze then slid down to my crotch. Holding my cock by the base he said, "Your cock and balls are covered in pre-cum, I'm going to have to clean you up!" 

With that I felt his tongue draw across my cock head. "You taste good!" he whispered before taking me in his mouth. 

I moaned softly as I felt the heat of his wet mouth followed by the feeling of his lips going up and down my pole. 

I watched him bob on my rod for a couple of minutes then he pulled of and said, "I forgot to clean your balls." With that he began nuzzling my balls. I spread my legs as much as I could and raised them to offer him better access and was rewarded by him taking my nuts one at a time into his mouth and sucking lightly on them. 

I stroked his hair and murmured, "Oh you ball-licking cocksucker you." 

His mouth came off me to say, "I'm your ball-licking cocksucker." 

Then he sucked me back in and began rapidly impaling his mouth on my cock. I felt his fingers brush my ass cheeks as he sucked me, then they moved in to feel up and down my crack. I moaned to let him know I liked that. Soon he was rubbing my asshole and pressing his finger into me slightly. 

I moaned, "Oh baby, I'm getting close to cumming. Just keep up that sucking just like that...finger my asshole harder please." Even though I was tensing up about to cum and my pussy was dry, he was able to push a finger into me. I came right as he penetrated me, pumping my cum into his waiting mouth. 

He kept his finger in my asshole as he cleaned my softening cock. Then he pulled away to lie next to me on the bed. We slipped into each others arms, both of us spent. "God that was good honey." I told him softly. 

"Good," he replied, "I wanted to make it as good as I could for you sweetie." 

"You did, that was an awesome blowjob. And I liked having your finger in my man hole while I was cumming."

He said, "I liked fingering your hole. You have a sexy ass!" He added, "I have an idea, it's early yet, lets go grab some food...." 

"Yeah?" I responded. 

"Well...it occurred to me that we could spend an hour or two at the bar...and by then I'll be recharged enough to come back here and fuck your sexy ass." 

"It's a deal." I replied. "I'd love to feel your dick in me."

We got up to get dressed when he said, "Turn around, let me see that ass." 

I did while shaking it at him. Then I spread my legs and bent over in front of him. 

"Oh yes." I heard him say. "Just for a minute, will you lie down on your stomach and let me spread you? I want to see what I going to fuck!" 

"I'll be glad to lover." I replied as I got in position on the bed. 

His hands roamed my cheeks and crack a bit then I felt him spread my cheeks and knew he was looking at my most private area. I also knew that I liked having him looking at the hole he would soon be fucking. 

"So sexy," he hissed as his fingers spread my asshole more. "I can't wait to get inside you and fuck you. He released my cheeks and slapped the left one, hard. 

I moaned out a "Yes." So he slapped the right one just as hard. 

He chuckled, "You slut. You want me to fuck you, don't you?" 

"Yeah," I replied, "I want you to fuck me, any way you want to. And I want you to cum in my man-pussy too." 

I got up on my hands and knees, sticking my ass and fuck hole out at him and said," I know you are soft now, but rub your cock on my asshole please. I want to feel it bare against me. 

"I'm not turning that down," he snickered. 

I reached back and pulled my cheeks apart for him as he moved in position behind me. He rubbed his cock up my ass crack and then back down a couple of times, then put the head right at my hole while saying, "Next time I do this I am going to be hard and I am going to fuck you baby." 

"Lover that feels great and you can fuck me as much as you like," I said. "So let's get dressed and get some food."

"I agree," He said as he moved away, "But take this," as he slapped both my cheeks. 

"Oww, you big-dicked cocksucking bastard," I said while getting up and rubbing my ass. "Just for that, you're buying."