 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

I was a Senior in high school and 18 years old when My Mother brought home another stranger for me to service. He was tall, fit and handsome. In his forties, he had salt and pepper hair with a shaved 8 inch monster cock! To help teach me how to suck cock, my mother had shown me a video of a python swallowing a small rabbit. I remember marveling at the swallowing mechanics of the python as the poor rabbit was rhythmically engulfed by the dislocated jaw. I did the same with this wonderful 8 inch cock mother had brought me. I looked up into the man's eyes as he looked down at me. The washboard stomach and granite sculpted pecs framed my view of his face on one side and mother's ample breasts framed the other. 

My mother is a very beautiful woman. Tall with shoulder length black hair and an hourglass figure. She had bright blue eyes and full lips that she always kept glossed in red lipstick, a large bust, a very large bust! Not a flat stomach but pretty close. Curvy hips and a full bottom that had many men and women lusting after her. My mother is bisexual and enjoys men and women. She conveyed an angry-dangerous sexuality. She and my father divorced when I was two. He died in an auto accident a year later so I never really knew him. He did leave us a lot of money so my mother would never have to work or me either for that matter. 

Mother has an active sex life bringing home many attractive men, women, and couples who were younger and sometimes older than her. I think she got a kick out seducing married women and turning them towards being lesbian. She loved to do the same thing with young men except she loved to make them bi. She would tease them with the promise of sex with her if they would suck off her older gay men friends. Once they had mastered oral with men, she would introduce them to anal sex with men.

During my senior year in high school, not long after I had turned 18, I discovered her sex toy stash in her bedroom. There was a large assortment of vibrators, dildos, plugs, and a long silicone snakelike thing called a Square Peg Slink. It was about two and a half feet long and starting at the tip was tapered to about 6 inches at its max circumference. For some reason the thing intrigued me and I knew I had to have it in my asshole. I had been visiting gay porn sites and masturbating for some time now. I only recently had begun to finger my own ass as I jacked off to those videos. I knew in my heart I was bi and was attracted to older father figure types. I guess this was because I did not have a father figure in my life. I had not done any dating in high school but no one suspected I was bi because I was pretty straight acting.

When mother was gone, I would go into her bedroom and masturbate on her bed because she had a large screen smart television and I could play gay videos on it from our WiFi. I would stretch out and stroke my cock wishing I was the guy in the videos being covered in cum and getting his asshole pounded by all those large cocks. I would experiment with her variety of dildos and vibrators. 

I found that I loved the feel of the slink going in and out of my ass as I jacked off. Once I was able to get it all the way inside my asshole, my bowels would start relaxing on it. The Slink seemed to start to moving on its own like a living snake! The slink started moving inside me like a snake, poking and sliding inside the depths of my inner being. It was a very intense sensation. I could not get it all the way in as my asshole would not open that far. But I loved the way it massaged my prostate.

The first cock Mother had me suck was her strap on dildo. Then, she brought home numerous strange men for me suck. She would hold the cock for me and demonstrate proper techniques herself by sucking on the cock. Then she would have me do the same. We would always share the cum we had sucked out by kissing or she would lick the milky frosting from my face.

Now, Mother wanted to test my cocksucking skills on a real cock. Mother had me breathe in deep as she held the little brown bottle to my nose. The caustic fumes reached deep into the primitive part of my brain and the inner slut demon was released. Time slowed and everything took on a red blue haze. I could hear and feel my heart pounding in my chest. I was very turned on and felt very slutty. Mother put the lid back on the brown bottle and cupped my head as she moved it towards the Anaconda sized cock. My mouth opened and Mother forced me down onto the cock. My jaw felt like it dislocated just like the python swallowing the smallrabbit. Except this was a large mammal. A large mammal's cock!

The poppers helped diminish my gag reflex as I drew his cock into my throat. The rippling contractions of my throat on his cock were unbearably erotic for him. Mother held my head as the cock inched down my throat. I gurgled and moaned as saliva spewed out and down to the floor in bubbly white ropes while my Mother helped me swallow by holding my head steady. 

Mother had me practice reducing my gag reflex with techniques sword swallowers used such as using a toothbrush on the back of my tongue and taking a banana as deep as I could. After she was satisfied, she had me practice on her Slink. I was able to successfully take it down 18 inches!

The mature large cock was lodged deep into my throat and it was mine to worship. Very thick...especially the head, which looked almost inhuman it was so thick. A big purple cap over a thickly veined rod like a mutant mushroom. 

I easily resisted the gag reflex as his cockhead eased past the back of my mouth and slid down into my throat. Inch-by-inch I swallowed more of him until he was all the way in and his ballsack was pressed firmly against my chin. My copious drool was matching the pre-cum Mother was milking out of my own cock as I sucked and deep throated the stranger's cock.

The stranger face-fucked me for a while keeping rhythm with the bass beat my Mother had going on the large screen tv which was playing a porn music video. I loved taking him like this and pleasing him. Mother kept cooing in my ear as she guided my head and stroking my cock.

"That's right Baby. You are a Hole for his pleasure. Take it. That's a good boy..."

I was taking his cock into my hungry mouth like a milk starved baby. I could sense him close to his climax, and sucked hungrily as his cock pushed again and again into me, now with quicker, shorter thrusts. His huge cock seemed about to burst. The swelling and the tautness were very erotic. I caressed it with my tongue, tasting the drooling pre-cum, milking the base of his shaft, accepting each urgent penetration, expectant now of the coming release.

As his buttocks contracted together in preparation, I was conscious now of only one thing... that I was moments, perhaps seconds, away from having him cum in my mouth. He was rapturously fucking my throat, and I was about to receive his warm seed into it. I held him deep within my throat, gently plied his balls and waited expectantly, closing my eyes, enjoying my popper induced stupor... 

Suddenly, he erupted! I was unprepared for the force with which his cum rocketed deep into my gullet. I simply swallowed each swift-flowing emission as it shot forth from the depths of his body, seeking the depths of mine. I cupped his balls, held his cock firm, and drank him like a thirsty boy, my body and soul alive to this utterly awesome sensation. I could feel his cock pulsing, his cum coating my throat, and I imagined his sperm cells swimming down it, soon to be ingested and become part of me. The cum tasted warm, bittersweet, astir with life. 

It seemed he ejaculated for the longest time, though in reality it was not long enough. I could have continued drinking him the entire night, swallowing his cum contentedly. But all too soon, it was over. I had drained him completely. And so I took solace in the sensation of his cum, still thick in my throat. I savored its taste, enjoying how each time I swallowed, my throat felt sticky. It was pleasing to know I had helped him get off. He withdrew at last from my throat and Mother turned my face towards hers and we kissed sharing his milky cum.