 The house was built on a rise, and the garden sloped gently down to the banks of the Hunter River. Willows and reeds lined the shore, and a few ducks busied themselves feeding in the water occasionally turning their tails up, as they lowered their beaks to the muddy bottom. I looked behind me. The house was impressive, a fine Georgian style home with 15 rooms, not counting bathrooms or laundry.

It was very pleasant, but so were a lot of other houses. What I needed if I was going to decide to buy this one was some sort of extra inducement. Wild salmon or trout in the river, a healthy artistically inclined community. I needed something more than just a nice building in a convenient location to make any house grab me.

The pavilion was set down near the river to the left of the parklike grounds. So that from the house it was a pretty structure on one side, and on the other was a collection of Japanese maples, which would glow with shades of red and orange in the right season. They formed a picture, the sloping green lawn with darker old pines at the sides of it, and at the end, the river, and sitting just in front of it on the left was the white, French inspired pavilion. 

The pavilion created a romantic effect with its pointed roof and high round topped window, opening out as they were now, their fine curtains catching in the breeze and drifting out of them occasionally, adding to the lightness and romance of it. And to the right of the vista, in the right season, would be the blaze of crimson from the Japanese maples. A bit lairy for my tastes, but still effective I imagined. It was summer now and the trees were not at their finest.

I wandered down to the pavilion for a closer look. It was octagonal, with a tall wide curved topped French window set in each of it's sides, and today those on the sides facing the river and the park were open. I stepped up into the cool dimness of the interior. Pleasant, I thought.

But for some reason it was furnished in Balinese carved teak furniture, the busyness and darkness of the timber at odds with the lightness and fragility of the pavilion itself. To one side was a canopied day bed, its three sides intricately carved, the cushions though cream and soft looking and the muslin curtains matching the fabric framing the tall glass windows. Two lounges cushioned in the same cream fabric faced each other across a full sized 'opium bed' coffee table.

And to the side a small marble topped Dutch Indonesian reproduction table stood with two matching chairs. Again cushioned in cream. An ancient willow patterned tureen stood on top of it filled with overblown blossoms, the petals falling artistically on the marble.

The only interior decoration that really appealed to me was the young man sleeping naked on the day bed. I had been encouraged to wander down this way by the real estate agent, Rosemary, who had implied I might find something here to help encourage me to buy the house. 

If the dark haired young man was meant to induce me, well he was certainly appealing to me in the right way now. And he was definitely causing a reaction.

His back was towards me and his firm rounded butt, and full muscular thighs, were right there in front of me as I stepped up to the bed. 

I bent and kissed each firm round cheek and ran my tongue over them, he tasted fresh, just a hint of salt on a warm day.

I ran a hand up over his thigh and along his side to the hidden head, nestled in a pillow cradled in his arms up in the far corner, where the day bed's side and back met. I ran my hand back down to the glossy hair on the back of his thighs and then slipped my fingers between his thighs.

He moved languidly and made little muttering noises as if he was deeply asleep. I slipped my fingers out and was excited by his game. I bent and nibbled and licked his butt cheeks again. Then I continued on, up his muscular back as he moaned, and moved slightly, as if to escape me.

He was a very good actor I decided. I was leaning over him now and ran my free hand over his hip and down into the hidden mass of his pubic hair, feeling his thick but still soft cock, and his balls hanging loosely across his lower thigh.. The pubic hair was thick, and his cock was already filling out under my exploring hand. Reasonable, I thought, as he moaned in his pretend sleep. I continued to stroke his dick playing with his cap and the slit, just enjoying the feeling of him stiffening. I was sitting on the edge of the bed now, and my other hand couldn't help moving between his cheeks. I stroked a finger across his hidden entrance. He twitched and seemed to jerk, as if waking suddenly, and then he was pulling his legs away and throwing an arm wildly back at me.

"Hey," he cried, "Who are you?" as he crawled away, across the bed.

I grabbed at his hips and pulled him back to me, as he pretended to escape. Now I knelt on the bed straddling his upper thighs, just below his butt, and gripped him tight between my knees. One hand planted itself in between his shoulder blades and I leant half my weight there, pinning him down. He stopped struggling as I licked two fingers, and he began moaning as I played them over his hole and pressed into it.

"Who are you?" he suddenly asked again.

"You're a god actor," I said and leant into him. "Give me a kiss."

The first part of one finger took the first small step to the coming fuck, by passing through his puckered rim. And he turned his face to the side and let his lips meet mine. When our lips finally parted that finger, and the other, were both buried inside him, to the limit. He had gasped and tried to twist away at first as I moved them in and twisted them inside him, but I had held him fast. Now he was moaning in pleasure. Begging for more.

I let him lift his arse then, and he pushed it back to me and spread his thighs further apart. I removed my fingers and kneeling on the bed between his spread thighs bent my head to lick him, as one hand went under and found his flapping, dripping rod and stroked that. I was using the pre cum to lubricate the helmet with my thumb, while my other hand tugged and rolled his balls. He came in shuddering bursts, spilling his cream out in long arcs over the cream covered bed. 

I returned my fingers to his passage. He moaned and I soon had worked in two from each hand, set at each side, pulling and spreading him so my tongue flicked in and out of the open entrance. 

He hissed, "Yes. Oh yes," and arched back to me. 

He reached back between his legs for my hard cock. I rolled him over then and he lifted one leg wide and planted the foot high up on one of the beds corner posts. The other he rested on my shoulder. I could see the dark pools of his eyes in the curtained dimness at the back of the bed, and saw his hands were white knuckled, gripping the carved wood of the back of the day bed frame.

He was still tight, but I worked my cock in a couple of inches and twisted it. He arched his back, opening fractionally and I was in another inch. Pleased with his hissed cries of strain at taking me. I ran my hand up and down his arched torso rolling his hard nipples between finger and thumb, rubbing his belly to relax him, then forcing my way in as he cried out, "Yes. Yes."

I took hold of his hips and moved up higher on the bed and moved to the side, not losing my place inside him as I turned him. He had known exactly what to do and now had his legs wide with each foot resting against a corner post as I knelt between his thighs fucking down into him, watching his face, and playing with his body. He still gripped the back of the day bed with one hand, the other gripping the side of it as he worked his arse back and forth in opposition to my fucking cock. And he cried out with pain and pleasure as I rode him and he vigorously joined the ride 

I came deep inside him, spilling several bursts into his channel, filling him and stroking his heaving belly as if easing the cum deeper into him. He wrapped his legs around me holding me there, sweat now glistening on both our bodies as our breathing settled. 

"So who are you?" he asked again.

"The one you are supposed to be encouraging to buy this place," I replied smiling.

As if he didn't already know. I was happy feeling his dick filling again under my stroking fingers, and filled and played his leaking slit with the tip of my little finger.

"I have no idea what you're talking about. You know that? I knew Kyle was trying to sell this place, but there's no reason for me to try to induce you to buy it."

"Sure," I said. "Anyway, what's the deal, do you come with the house?" I asked, smiling at him, because he was tempting me. .

He laughed, and began to massage my dick with his arse. 

"And if I did? Would that really induce you to buy it?" he asked.

I paused, looking down at him. "You, I want," I said, feeling my cock reloading inside him. "The house? Well there are lots of houses," I had no idea what I wanted except another round with his passage.

"True," he said, "But my house is right on the other side of the river from this one," he added, looking up at me, smiling with lust filed eyes and arching his back and reaching to push my t shirt off, as I grew inside him.