 It was mid-October and I was preparing my motorcycle for winter storage and I decided to go for one last ride. I drove out to the country where I could open it up and feel the wind in my hair. I'd been riding around for quite awhile enjoying the foliage and the countryside. I was paying no particular attention to where I was or where I was going. Before I knew it, I found myself a very long ways from town. I finally decided it was time to head back to town. 

I traveled along a narrow winding road. As I rounded a sharp bend, I spotted a man walking along the side of the road. 

When the man saw me coming, he quickly stuck his thumb out for a ride.

I decided to throw caution to the wind so I pulled over. 

"Wow, thanks for stopping, man," he said.

"Yeah, no problem," I replied.

He climbed on the motorcycle behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist. 

I continued heading toward town. While trying to make a little small talk, I took my eyes off of the road and we hit a large deep pothole. The bump jarred us both and his hands dropped to my crotch. I thought nothing of it at the time as I waited for his hands to move. However, his left hand suddenly cupped my balls and squeezed gently. It took me completely by surprise; I froze. I didn't know what to do, I was so nervous that I was paralyzed. I wanted to say something, but I was speechless. 

When there was no objection by me, the stranger took it as a sign that he was able to continue. His right hand found my dick and began rubbing. 

I was still too shocked to say or do anything. I was torn, I wasn't gay, not even curious, in fact, the whole situation made me quite uncomfortable. But, I obviously liked it, as witnessed by my now throbbing erection. 

The stranger unbuttoned and unzipped my pants. He reached in through the fly hole of my underwear and forcefully pulled my cock and balls out. His left hand resumed squeezing and tugging on my balls and his right hand began stroking my cock aggressively. 

The wind was cold, but my cock was so hot that the cool air felt amazing. All of the apprehension that I was feeling was quickly replaced by sheer pleasure. I soon noticed that every time we hit a bump the stranger was startled just enough to make him tighten his grip on my cock and balls. Knowing that, I made every effort to hit every bump and pothole that I could. 

The stranger's hand was a blur as it slid up and down my cock faster and faster. As he slid closer to me I could feel his erection pressing against my ass. 

We arrived back in town far too soon. As we began passing houses, cars and people, I assumed the stranger would stop jacking me off, but he didn't. As he continued stroking, I grew more and more scared that someone would see us. I wanted to tell him to stop, but I could feel a powerful orgasm rapidly approaching and it felt way too good to have him stop now. 

He leaned over my shoulder and shouted, "just drop me off at the nearest gas station "

Wanting to prolong the experience, I actually headed for the gas station that was the farthest away from where we were.

The thrill of getting caught was having an exciting affect on me and I began moaning under my breath. I was just about to explode as I saw the gas station come into view. As I slowed down to pull into the station, the stranger's left hand squeezed my balls very tightly, causing me wince from the light pain. That was all it took to push me over the edge. I let out a long loud moan as I started to cum. Long thick streams of cum squirted onto the gas tank and left white sticky streaks as they ran down the sides. What seemed like gallons of cum erupted from my cock, coating my gas tank. 

My drained and abused dick quickly softened and shrank, but that didn't stop the friendly stranger, he continued to fondle my balls and yank on my flaccid cock until we pulled into the gas station and came to a stop. He gave my cock and balls one last gentle squeeze and said, "thanks for the ride," as dismounted the motorcycle.

"My pleasure," I replied, meaning every word. 

He flashed me sly smile and jogged away, into the station.

I was feeling so euphoric that I didn't even bother putting my dick or balls back inside my underwear, or buttoning my pants. I just let everything hang out as I drove down Main Street toward home. I no longer seemed to care if anybody in the passing cars saw my exposed dick. I arrived home, put my motorcycle in the garage and walked to the house with my dick still hanging out. 

I've never had another experience like that one, although I have fantasized about it often. That one experience has provided me with countless of pleasure as I remember back to that day and masturbate to explosive orgasms imagining the stranger's hands molesting me once again.