 When you're a married guy and you hit 60 it becomes hard to find a quick hookup. You need a "hook" to catch a guy's attention. So I posted an ad on craigslist; "Can you host a submissive slut?" In the ad I described a submissive slut as one who will do what you want, the way that you want it, when you want it. 

I got several replies, all asking for blowjobs. The first was a guy described himself as Asian, 5'8", 200 lbs. It turned out that he was 5 minutes away. He met me in the parking lot of his apartment complex, introduced himself as Rob and led me to his apartment. Once inside he basically ignored me as he walked up the stairs. I followed and tried to make small talk, but his replies were single syllable words. He stopped at a bedroom and gestured through the door to an unmade bed. As I walked towards the bed, Rob scooped up a small, yippy dog and shut it in the bathroom. Then he returned to where I was standing. "Let's go," he said. "I want a blowjob."

I knelt before him and jokingly said "Sure! Lets see if you have what it takes for one." as I pulled his gym shorts and underpants down. I felt like a heel as his dick came into view. It could not have been more than an inch long. It looked even smaller because it was hooded. My first thought was that it looked like a woman's clit.

I was hoping for more but I'm not a cock tease so I leaned in to see what I could do. As my tongue touched the tip he assured me that he was a grow-er, not a show-er. I'd heard that before. I held the whole shaft between my thumb and forefinger while I tickled the tip with my tongue. True to his word he started to swell and grow longer. Secretly pleased, I continued to noisily slurp as he finished undressing. He must have liked what I was doing. His little pee-pee grew to the point where it was a nice size to play with. If I touched my nose against his tummy I was able to make the tip of his cock touch the my uvula. I extended my tongue to lick the base of his shaft and balls without gagging. It was a pretty good fit.

He liked the little gurgling sounds that I made when I went all the way down. I could tell by the way that he started to thrust a little whenever I made gagging noises. I held his ass with both hands and played with it as he rocked back and forth. He may have been overweight, but his ass and thighs were strong and firm. 

About this time he scooted up on the bed and laid back, legs spread wide. Now I had to lean forward and lean on my forearms in order to reach him. I liked the feel of his thighs against my arms. I pushed my hands under his ass, palm up so that I could continue playing with it. That's when he put his hands on the back of my head and started thrusting in earnest. My nose was being pushed into his stomach and I could swear he was growing again! Since I was on my forearms, I could not pull back. All I could do was gag a bit as I did my best to lick the full length of his prick. His constant stream of "That's right" and "Oh Yeah" told me that I was doing well.

I realized I was losing control of the situation when his thighs clamped down on my head and his heels dug into my back. This gave him even more leverage to force my face hard into his pelvis. I could feel the head of his cock, which was so small 10 minutes earlier, pressing so hard against my throat that my airway was blocked. I panicked! I imagined passing out as he held me captive. Would he even notice? Would he stop?

As he rocked his hips I was able to manage little gulps of air between the pounding. I could not get the leverage needed to free myself, so all I could do was hope he'd cum soon. I lost track of time. Suddenly he shifted, releasing me from his hold. He pushed me out of the way as he stood up. "Lay down." he commanded. He was not asking. He was telling. I started to lay on the bed, but he grabbed my arm. 

"On the floor. I want to fuck your mouth". Again, a command.

I looked down at the dirty floor. I had no idea what the stains were. It did not occur to me to disobey. "Over here" he directed as I sank to hands and knees next to the bed. I laid on my back with my hands at my sides.

I laid there, fully clothed, face flushed, looking up at this burly, naked man who was going to take me. He wasted no time. I don't have any idea how he went from standing to kneeling over my face so swiftly. All I know was that my shoulders were pinned to the floor and I could feel my own spit on my face as he ground his cock into my face. I opened my mouth to receive his gift.

"Take it. Take it! Suck it!" he urged me as he leaned forward, plugging my mouth. As before I panicked when my air supply was cut off, but as before, I could breathe in little gasps as he pulled out a little. I sucked when I could, and ran my tongue up and down as he pushed it in and pulled it out. I was proud that I was managing as well as I was. I was definitely keeping him hard and long.

Then he changed it up. He pushed as hard as he could, and then some. And he held it. I could feel the head of his cock trying to go down my throat, but the angle was wrong. There was no way to get air, and believe me, I tried. Even through the panic, I did my best to pleasure him. When he pulled back, I gratefully sucked in air with a huge gasp. And that was all I got before I felt his weight press down on me again. Again, I lost track of time as he repeated the process, over and over never quite letting me get my breath but not so badly that I passed out. All that thrusting and grunting and gagging and still no signs of cumming.

And then he pulled out, but not very far. His hips kept moving, rubbing his cock against my face. I could feel it beating against my lips, my nose, my chin as I gasped for air. 

And then he was done. Just like that he was finished. I hoped he had cum as I lay there, drained, sweaty and exhausted. I could not take much more of this. But it felt good.

I came to my senses when he finished washing his cock with a rag and threw me the wash cloth saying "I came on your face." He was smiling when he said it. I grinned sheepishly. I did not really get a chance to clean up because he guided me to the door as I ran the cloth over my face. As we walked he told me how much he enjoyed face fucking me and how much he looked forward to the next time. Then I was unceremoniously put out the door like the quickie slut I'd just been.

I hope he will call again soon.