 Pt. 2 (Hunting Trip)

It has been a few weeks here at college. Josh turned out to be a hunter, which I think is so much hotter. I mean, country boy in camo, who could resist? 

"Do you want to scout out a few places for deer?" Josh offered. I had a few things come to mind when he asked me, and it was far from anything that had to do with deer.

"Yeah, sounds like fun."

"Cool! Get ready then."

At this point I had no clue what to wear, I never did anything like this before. I watched him get out of the gym shorts he was wearing, and slip out of his navy blue briefs. I saw his soft cock just moving side to side as he was getting ready. His balls hung really low as well. He got in his drawer to pull out a pair of Under Armour compression shorts, and I could see the outline of his cock, I did the same thing. He put on the tightest jeans he owned and I followed with the same thing. He put on his boots, I did not own any so I put on my oldest pair of shoes. 

"Alright, dude, let's go!" Josh exclaimed.

I followed him out of the room, we went to the elevator and pressed the one button. We went down the road to where his truck was parked, he unlocked the door for me and we hopped in. I looked over in his eyes and slowly moved my hand to rub his leg. We looked in each other's eyes for a good two or three minutes. 

"Wait until we get out to the woods to do any of that," Josh winked with a smile. Oh, that wink of his, sends chills down my spine. His beautiful jade eyes. I still continue to run my hand across his thigh as we leave the school. I lean over for a kiss and his lips were rough and his beard was scratchy as it rubbed on my chin.

"So you think we got something here?" I asked him in a nervous tone.

"It is too early to really tell, it's only been a few weeks dude." Josh replied.

"But every time I see you, I get this butterfly feeling in my stomach, I think this might be going somewhere great!"

"I think you're an awesome guy so far, and I could see us spending a lot of time together!"

"I know I like your cock!" I exclaimed to him,

"My cock enjoys your presence too!" He chuckled as he looked down at the bulge he had in his pants.

We pulled over to a stop at the entrance to a forest. He pulled my head to his, and took my lips to his. His lips seemed chapped as he took me in. His tongue entered my mouth and explored a little bit. His hand was doing the same thing. He rubbed my thigh, leading to my already hard crotch. Then he moved up to my chest and played with my nipples a little bit. Then he got out, opened the back door of the cab and pulled a blanket out of it. 

"C'mon, we do not have any time to waste!" Josh was excited!

I got out of the truck and followed him, we got to a clear area of the forest, and we laid the blanket out. He lied down, and begin unzipping his bleach washed jeans, and kicked his boots off. I lied down next to him, and was rubbing his belly as he was doing this, I looked him in the eye and started making out with him. I pulled his purple t-shirt off of his barrel shaped chest. My hands went straight for his dick. I started rubbing his semi hard cock. My lips started going down lower on his body, but I had to make the stop at his nipples, I lightly bit them, and ran my tongue in circular motions around his small pink circles on his barrel-shaped chest. I got down to his belly-button and started kissing around it. I could hear his breath sounds get more shallow. I got to the waistband of his camo patterned Under Armour shorts. I pulled them down to reveal his beautiful cock. He had his pubes nicely trimmed. I stared at it for about 10 seconds and it was dripping with pre-cum. I took his cock in my hand, and began pumping his cock. I had a firmer grip so his skin was going up and down as I was fisting his cock. I used my other hands and caressed his huge balls for a little while.

I lowered my head and my mouth met the head of his cock. I licked the tip of it, still able to taste the salty pre-cum. He lifted his hips, this was his way of saying that he was really horny and if I don't do something soon, then to stop. So, my lips wrapped around his head, my tongues going in and out of his pee-hole. He kept pumping his hips, getting more of his delicious and veiny cock in my mouth. His breath getting more shallow. He started mouth fucking me. 

"Get up," Josh said. "And lay on your back."

I did as he said. He positioned himself so in between his legs was my head, he lowered his body so his cock was in my mouth, he was in the missionary position. He began humping my head. He would go fast-slow-fast-slow. And finally, he said that he want me to be his first to let them fuck him in the ass. I was excited about this thought. I did not have a ginormous cock, it was a solid 6", so it is better that it was me because I would not hurt him.

He lied down so he was on his back. He spread his legs out so his ass hole was exposed. I stuck one finger in his hole. I was kissing his abdomen in the process. Then eventually I stuck 2 fingers in there. He told me that he wanted to feel my warm tongue on his hole. I did not know what to say about doing it, as I have never rimmed another guy. I decided to just go at it. I kissed the spot in between his ass hole and his huge balls that hung low, inching my way to his anus. I was kicking off my stinky Nike Shox, and unbuttoned my jeans. I lifted up for a second to take my shirt off. I exposed my tan chest, which was kind of hairy. I lowered back down to his butt hole. I flicked my tongue in and out of his hole. Then I spit on it, and shoved three fingers in his hole. As I was building up more saliva, I leaned over to kiss him on his lips. Then I took my fingers out of his hole, licked the palm of my hand and covered my dick in my spit. 

I put the head of my cock on his hole. I slowly slid my dick in his hole. He moaned in euphoria. I stopped and held my cock there when my head was in him. I held for about a minute or two. I began sliding it in him more until my cock was half way in. Held for two minutes. Then I slid my cock in until it was fully penetrating him. I slowly slid out, and began slowly pumping him. I did this for a little while, watching his beautiful hair face sweat. 

"Faster!" Josh said and I obeyed him, picking up the speed. "Oh yeah, mmmmmm. Yess! Faster, mmm, yeah, quicker!"

I began pumping at full speed, I took his cock in my hand and was pumping. 

"I'm going to fuck you like the dirty little bitch you are, oh yeahhh. You are so fucking tight, mmmmmm!"

I continued with his cock in my hand, he was moaning louder and louder. I felt his cock throb, I kept pumping my dick in him, and pumping his dick in my hand, and I was pumping his cock fast. 

"I'm gonna cum, ohhhhh, yesss, keep jacking me off, yass!" Josh said. "UHHHHH!" Josh began spurting his load, some got in his hair, but most of it on his chest. I pulled out and layed down on the blanket,

"Sit on my cock like the dirty whore you are." I said. He quickly picked himself off of the ground. I held my cock up so he could successfully sit on it. He lowered his warm tight ass on my cock and began going up and down fast. 

My cock began throbbing, "fuck, I am about to cum, get off!"

He got off, "Suck my dick, whore." I said. He took my cock in his mouth, and oh boy did it feel good! His mouth was so wet and so warm. "Yes, suck that dick bitch, fuck. Mmm." I started unloading my cum down his throat. I could hear him swallowing my white jizz. Some of it escaping the corner of his mouth. He kept sucking my cock till there was nothing left of me.

He lied down and we fell asleep for an hour or two. He woke me up and threw my clothes on me. It was dark out. So we gathered what we brought. We left and found the truck, he started it.

"My 20th birthday is in a month, and I want your cock in me for my birthday." Josh said with a high pitched voice.