 My first encounter with a man was a chance meeting with a gay Filipino man at and enlisted club in San Diego. Like myself, he was also in the Navy, but he knew how to prey on young sailors to get what he wanted. It was a Tuesday night and I had gone to meet some friends for a beer. They never showed up, so I sat alone drinking a beer and watched a football game on TV. 

Tom sat down next to me and struck up a conversation. He was quite a bit older, but seemed nice, and I thought nothing about the fact that he kept buying my beer. Just as the club was shutting down, he asked if I wanted to go to a party at his place. Being a little drunk, I agreed, never once did his true intentions enter my young naïve brain. 

When we got to his place, there were 6 guys already there. Almost immediately, Tom had put a porno on his TV for everyone to watch, and we all just sat around, getting drunker, and watching porn. When I started to fall asleep on the couch, the thought popped in to my head that not only did I have no idea where this guys apartment was, but how I was going to get back to the base. I excused myself to go to the restroom and stood in there looking at myself in the mirror in full on panic mode. I still didn't know what kind of party this was at this point, I was just worried that I wouldn't be able to get back to the base. I made the decision to ask him to call me a cab so I get take off. 

Tom's response to this was that I could stay in his spare bedroom and he would take me back in the morning. I agreed, and he showed me the room. He grabbed a pair of shorts for me to sleep in, showed me where the TV remote was, and closed the door. I fell asleep watching MTV, and was awoke some time later with someone touching my cock. The alcohol had really kicked in at this point, and was having a hard time getting my head around what was really happening. I had just fell back asleep when I felt it again, only this time, the hand was fully wrapped around my now hard cock. I was wide awake at this point, and my whole body went stiff as a board. It was at that point that Tom asked if he could help me take care of my problem. .

I don't remember if I said yes, said no, or said nothing, but seconds later, my cock was in his mouth. To be completely honest, the thought of it was not outside what I had fantasized about before, but I had never gotten close to having any sort of encounter like this. Barely a few minutes later, I came. And Tom swallowed every bit of it. 

I fell back asleep seconds later, and awoke the next morning to the same thing. Once again he asked if he could take care of my problem, I said yes, and we had a repeat of last night. Only this time, I wasn't nearly as drunk, and didn't cum nearly as quick. I had never had a blowjob like this, and I couldn't believe how much better it was than the feeble high school blowjobs I was used to. When I did cum, he asked if he could take me back to the base, and I said yes. 

I met up with him over the course of the next 6 months or so for blowjobs just like this. He never asked for anything more, and simply blew me till I came. After the second time, I seriously thought about trying to go further, but I never had the guts to do so. 

It is now years and years later, 21 to be exact. I have had many fantasies about going further with a man, but those blowjobs with Tom in the Navy were as close as I ever got. I have now been married for 18 years, and love my wife to death. I am not gay, but I have come to the conclusion that I am a closeted bi-sexual. But my bisexuality is all in my fantasies, and gay porn on my computer is always just a mouse click away. There have been times over the years, when I have been home alone that I have used my wife's various toys to explore my ass, but those times are very rare. 

I don't normally travel for my job, but the chance came up to go out of town for a week. The first morning I was there, I found the local branch of my gym to go work out. It was 4am, but the gym was crowded. I did my usual workout, and went to hit the showers. The locker room was just as busy, and I had to wait 15 minutes for the shower. During that time, a guy named Eric struck up a conversation with me. 

It was mostly just small talk, but when he found out that I was from out of town on business, asked if I had ever eaten at a certain restaurant. Of course I hadn't, and told him so, and then he asked if I wanted to try it out. It all seemed pretty harmless on the outside, but I had a feeling right away where this was headed. Without really thinking, I told him yes. 

The rest of the day at the conference, I went through every scenario in my mind. I knew what I was going to tell my wife, I knew what I would do if he made a move, and I knew what I would do if he didn't. I was seriously excited at the prospect of it, even if it was all in my head. 

He knocked on my door a good half an hour early, and I had just gotten out of the shower. When I looked through the peephole and saw him standing there, my heart started racing. If he was going to say anything, or make any sort of move, he would do it with me in my towel. So I opened the door and invited him in. 

I immediately made apologies for not being ready, and he apologized for being so early. As I grabbed my clothes to get dressed in the bathroom, he asked me if I was gay. My heart stopped. This was it. I was either going to say no and the night would probably end now, or I was going to say yes. And if I did say yes, and he wasn't, then I would be in another awkward position. If I told him I was bi, that was also opening the door up to embarrassment. I didn't want the silence to be too long, so I asked him why he was asking. 

He explained that he was, and generally other men won't go to dinner with another guy unless he was gay. I told him the truth, every bit of the truth. It kind of just, well, came out. The big smile on his face gave me the idea on how the rest of the night was going to go, and when he grabbed my towel, I was assured as to how it would go. 

He started by kissing my nipples, and my cock was immediately hard. My whole body was shaking as he gently stroked me and kissed my entire chest. He didn't try to kiss me on the lips, but kissed me everywhere else as I just stood there. I had gone over this in my head a million times before, but now that it was actually happening, my heart was beating a million miles an hour. 

He pushed me on to the bed, and told me just to lay there and enjoy it, and that he would take care of everything. He was still fully clothed as he took my cock in to his mouth. He was definitely skilled in this art, and had me at the edge of cumming within a minute. I was used to telling my wife that I was about to cum when she was blowing me, and she would always stop and let me cum on her chest or elsewhere. But Eric was just like Tom, and never stopped for even a single moment as every drop of cum went down his throat. 

Even after I came, he continued to gently lick and suck my cock. He cleaned up every ounce of cum and the stiffness in my cock never went away. I asked him why he was still wearing clothes, and he said he still wanted to go to dinner, and wanted to leave me for desert. But my cock was still thinking for me, and that was not what I wanted. I wanted his cock in my mouth, and I wanted it now. 

I got up and threw him down on the bed, unbuttoning his pants as I did it. He playfully tried to fight me, but ended up helping me instead. When I saw the size of his cock, my heart skipped a beat. It was huge. His cock was every bit of 9" and twice as fat as mine. I must have looked like an idiot as I sat there and stared at it, but instinct took over and I tried to put my mouth over his cock. At first, I was only able to get the first 3 inches or so in to my mouth, but in my own head, I really wanted to see if I could take the whole thing. I had never sucked cock before, and had no idea how hard it actually was to take so much in to your mouth, but I still tried. Eric knew what I was trying to do, and straight up told me that if I wanted to take more of it in to my mouth, I needed to exhale through my nose and I pushed farther down. 

I was still only halfway down his cock before I started gagging, but I never came up off of it. I guess the gagging turned him on because he started gently pushing my head farther down. By now, his cock was super wet from my mouth, and the more I gagged, the more wet it got. I was so turned on from sucking his cock I could barely contain myself. I tried harder and harder to get more of it down, all the while gagging and choking on his enormous cock. This had gone on for a good 5 minutes, and I was trying to be the best cocksucker I could be, and I so bad wanted to take all of him. 

And then, it happened. Something in me relaxed at the same time he was pushing down on my head and I felt his cock slide down my throat. Maybe I was past the gagging thing, I don't know, but with each thrust, I could easily take his whole cock. I put his hand back on my head and motioned for him to fuck my mouth, and he obliged. And although this was my first time, something told me when he was going to cum so I pulled back, and let him cum in my mouth. I wanted to taste it, to feel it on my tongue, to feel it dripping from my chin.............to be dirty. I swallowed some of it, but let most of it dribble from my mouth. I rubbed what had come from my mouth all over his cock and put it in my mouth again until he told me to stop.

I stood in the bathroom looking at his cum on my chin and felt ashamed, dirty and turned on all at the same time. I wanted more, but I was feeling guilty at the same time. I had never cheated on my wife, and now, here I was giving a blowjob to a guy. But I pushed the feelings of guilt away, cleaned myself up, got dressed and came out of the bathroom.

I felt very self conscious all through dinner, as if everyone in the restaurant knew that Eric and I had just blew each other, but of course they weren't. It certainly didn't help that Eric kept whispering all this dirty sex talk in between regular conversation. I couldn't wait to get back to my room with him. 

I was just as nervous as before, but I knew for sure what was going to happen at least. Eric made my nervousness melt away the second we got in to the room and he started undressing with a ferociousness unlike any I have ever seen. Once I was naked, he took off all of his clothes, and joined me on the bed. This time, he did kiss me. At first, it was a little odd, to feel the scruff of his face on mine, but it was so fucking hot. 

We lay on the bed, kissing and fondling and nibbling for quite a while. We were both just living in the moment, but it was time to take this further, and told him so. He got up off of the bed, and went in to the bathroom and turned on the shower. When he came he led me back in with him to join him in the shower. 

We didn't do anything in the shower but kiss and REALLY wash each other's bodies. We were both so hot when we got out, we skipped the towels and tumbled right on to the bed. He rolled me over on my stomach, propped up my hips, and started licking my asshole. I damn near came right then and there. It was so hot with his tongue in my ass and his hand on my cock. It was even hotter when he bent back my cock and started giving me a reverse blowjob, alternating between that and licking my ass. 

I really wanted to suck his cock again, but he had other ideas, and I was game for anything. He got back up again and start fishing around in his jacket pocket. When he came back, he had 4 little packets of lube and a box of condoms. He looked at me, and asked if I was ready to take it further and I told him I was. He asked me to lay on my stomach again, but I didn't want to. I wanted to watch him fuck me and decided to lay on my back with my feet up. 

His lubed up fingers slipped easily in to my asshole, and the uncomfortable feeling went away almost immediately. He slipped on the condom, put some more lube on his cock, and more on my asshole and asked again if I was ready. I just nodded. My own cock glistened from the precum, and was anxious to be fucked. And I seriously got fucked. 

His cock was much bigger than the finger he had inside me earlier and it hurt going in. I had to ask him to stop a couple of times, and he was more than willing to only take it as far as I could handle. It took at least ten minutes of playing and waiting and gently taking it further before he had more than just the tip inside me. He knew what he was doing, and didn't move for a minute or while I relaxed even more. When I was ready, I would grab his waist and move closer. That went on for a few minutes until I realized that all 9" of him were balls deep in my asshole. 

I was starting to relax even more, and he started to fuck me. The thought of knowing that huge cock was inside of me was enough to make me forget that it still hurt a little, and with each slow thrust, I relaxed even more. Precum was literally dripping from my cock in glistening little strands, and I had purposely left it alone. I did not want to cum and then feel like I was done. I wanted this to last a while. 

Eric had literally been inside me for 15 minutes, and he was being very gentle. He was going so slow as we kissed and continued to touch each other's bodies. And it was strange, all at once, it started feeling good. I mean, REALLY good. I didn't have any preconceived notion about this, but I always kind of thought that the giver had most of the pleasure, and the taker was a bystander with the slippery asshole. That still may be true, but there was something that would quake in me each time his cock passed it. As I started moaning louder, his thrusts got faster. Faster and faster that fat cock slid in and out of my asshole, and louder and louder I moaned. It felt fucking amazing, and I yelled at him to fuck me faster. And the faster he fucked me, the better it felt........until without ever touching my cock, felt like I was going to cum. 

My cock was aimed right at my face when the inevitable happened............I was covered in my own cum. It was at that point, when my asshole tightened around his cock even further that he came. He gently pulled out and we started kissing again, and he took care to lick every ounce of cum off of my body.