 It happened again last night. Carol had brought her two boyfriends home with her. Ian and Jay, both at nineteen years of age, became the hot topic in her bedroom. The three of them experienced a repeat of their most intimate encounter. Carol had known both of these young men since February, and now she didn't have any regrets. Their current relationship progressed to a threesome that made their escapades more worthwhile.

She found herself in the middle of this fortunate trio. She had selected the right men. Ian and Jay were college freshmen. They had met her in downtown Los Angeles, and Carol grew to enjoy their company. Despite being a successful entrepreneur and deservedly so, the ultimate satisfaction didn't originate from her workplace. Her own bedroom had taken that place. She would bring Ian and Jay to her house up in the hills, and she would never let them go. They belonged to her. She held the reins, and she would always yearn for these two college students. They were indeed a pair of handsome men. Jay had short brown hair, while Ian had long blond hair that ended just above his shoulders. All three of them stayed healthy, and they never shied away from their slim figures.

Carol was the first to wake up in the morning. The thirty-eight-year-old woman lay in between the two young men. They remained naked after a remarkable evening. She quietly got up and left for the bathroom. She began to take a shower. Meanwhile, Ian and Jay still slept on her king-sized bed. Ian slowly opened his eyes. He had ended his reverie and returned to the real world. He looked out the window to see that the sky had grown brighter. The sun would soon make its recurring appearance in the east. In the distance, the Los Angeles skyline was as majestic as before. In the last week of March, the early morning made the massive terrain the perfect image to wake up to.

Ian could hear the water running in the bathroom. He assumed that Carol would be taking a shower at this time. He turned his head to see Jay sleeping alongside him. The blanket had been pushed to the side, revealing both young men still in the nude. Ian couldn't help but smile at the other man. He had grown to admire Jay ever since the two of them became Carol's companions. He loved Jay's personality as well as his good looks. In fact, he always loved it when Jay was around. As the two of them managed to stick their dicks in their older girlfriend, Ian and Jay would stare into each other's eyes sometimes. They acknowledged their position in Carol's home, but Ian felt something more. Something that he started to want from the other man in the room.

Ian looked down to see Jay's cock still erect after the passionate performance from last night. Ian kept keep his eyes off of it. It became familiar, and Ian didn't want it to shrink after what it had been through last night. Ian slowly bit his lower lip. He reached down and grabbed Jay's dick and began to stroke it. Carol would use to do this to both of them, but Ian decided to do it for himself. He kept a carefully slow pace as he moved his fingers up and down. Jay inhaled deeply while still sleeping. His exhale was a light moan. Just as Ian's fingers accelerated, Jay's body squirmed in a sluggish manner. Ian's good deed seemed to give Jay a better dream than just a few moments ago.

Ian didn't stop. He lay on his side and gave Jay a reason to wake up in a good mood. Jay moaned again, but this time, at a slightly higher volume. His hips started to moved up and down thanks to Ian's rhythmic caress. Ian continued on with his steady fingers, even when Jay finally opened his eyes and realized what happened.

Jay didn't appear shocked. In fact, as he gazed at his dick, he gave the other young man a little smile.

Ian whispered, "I think we're starting off strong for the day."

Jay didn't push Ian's hand away. He just let it happen. "Enjoying yourself, aren't you?"

Ian chuckled. "Actually, this one's for the both of us."

He brought Jay's cock closer to his own. And now, both tips touched each other. Ian still stroked Jay's cock, and this time at a firmly quickened pace. Jay decided to do the same. He seized Ian's dick and replicated the latter's actions. Both young men stroked each other's dicks as the bulbous tips touched.

Ian was glad for the initiation, but he wanted something more from what would arise. He wanted the progression to stay intact. He leaned in and gave Jay a kiss. At first, it was short and sweet. But as they looked into each other's eyes, Ian could sense a dedication built from scratch. Neither of them gave a protest. In an instant, they kissed again. And this time, it was longer and more enthralling. Ian could feel his entire body tremble from the brand new direction of their relationship. He stopped stroking Jay's cock and made his next move.

With Jay lying flat on his back, Ian brought himself up on top of the other man's body. He got on his knees and stayed above Jay's lap. He could feel the tip of Jay's cock touching his bottom hole. He waited for it. He wanted it deep inside him. He wanted to experience what Carol had taken this entire time.

"Let's see if you still got plenty of more juice in you."

Jay grabbed him by the waist. "Go ahead. Put it in you."

Ian gave him another kiss just as he began to lower his body onto the cock below him. The tip of the cock made its way into his hole. Ian closed his eyes and held his breath. He slide further down the long hard cock. Just when all of it was inserted inside his hole, Ian gasped and trembled. He could the entire cock inside him. It wasn't painful, but it did manage to make his entire body shake with anticipation. He was so mesmerized by the feeling, and he wanted to go on.

He began to move his hips up and down the cock. Jay didn't move. He kept his hands on Ian's waist as his cock had been stimulated by someone of the same sex. Ian had got down on his hands and knees as he moved his hips in a slow and steady motion. The cock slid in and out of his hole, and he already couldn't get enough of it. He and Jay gazed at each other. They silently acknowledged their growing enjoyment of their new personal hobby. Neither of them attempted to resign from their current positions. They would never dare to bring this to a halt. Jay gave Ian a chance to keep his erection hard before the finale.

It was Ian's turn to moan. With Jay's dick moving back and forth in his passageway concealed by his flesh, he felt entranced by what he started.

"Oh, you got a good dick right here."

Jay smiled. "Yes, I do."

Ian's hips picked up speed. The cock inside him grew more tolerable than before. It became something that he completely cherished. He had a little doubt in his mind, but it soon disappeared when the stunning sensation kicked in. The cock slid in and out, and it was a repetitive motion that made him glad of the circumstances that brought both men in this bedroom. Now with a quickened pace, Ian took quicker breaths. Jay's grip on the waist grew tighter. The brown-haired man moaned as well. Ian must have been doing a splendid job with his downward motions, since Jay appeared entranced by his performance. Ian couldn't help but chuckle on account of his actions. With Carol out of the picture, the start of this unusual trend made little sense. But Ian didn't care. He could do this with Jay as long as Carol approved of it.

Both young men moaned together. Ian didn't stop moving his hips and down. The cock sliding in and out of him felt superb. The erection from within affected his current mindset. It made him embrace this new version of him and Jay. He didn't want it to stop. He and Jay would work so well together. It almost made him feel weak with lust.

Jay made it even better by grabbing hold of Ian's own cock and stroking it quickly. Both men pleased each other in their own way. The cock inside Ian hit the right marks, and it gave the young blond man a valid reason to take what he received. Both men moaned loudly, so much so that perhaps Carol could even hear it in the bathroom. Ian waited for the eruption. He wanted it so badly. The thirst for it had become almost unreal. In the meantime, he could feel the familiar stirring sensation arising from within as Jay stroked his dick.

Ian squeezed his eyes shut. "Fuck, yes! I just want that hot cum inside me."

Jay growled. "Here it comes."

Ian stopped moving his hips. The dick inside him had succeeded. He could feel Jay's semen pouring in. And thanks to Jay's hand, it was Ian's turn to release his own load. Large spurts of cum spit right out of his cock. Half of it landed on Jay's chest, while the other half flew up and struck Ian's own torso. It was a fountain with thick and creamy splashes.

Both men breathed a sigh of relief. Without Carol, they delved deeper into their liaison with instant success. Their juices were either inside or outside. Ian could feel his own semen sticking onto his chest while the rest of it piled up on Jay's own. In the meantime, the semen inside him was soft and warm. This would be the first time that he had done this, and he welcomed it. Being the receiver had its advantages. Now he could easily imagine how Carol had felt when she held the same role from last night. 

Jay whispered, "You know, I just want to fuck you all morning."

Ian gave him a kiss. "I feel the same way."

They remained true to their words. Jay didn't pull his cock out of Ian's hole just yet. They continued on even with the semen stuck to their skin. They were locked in a passionate embrace. And Carol became the first witness to their passion.

She had seen enough of what they did after taking her shower. She took a peek right when the two young men started their ejaculations. At first, she was shocked to see her two boyfriends performing without her. But then, she couldn't help but smile at their own accomplishment. She left the bathroom without her towel and stepped a little closer to the bed.

Her two boyfriends may not have noticed her appearing in the room, and it didn't matter to them. They started a whole new act. Jay brought Ian up and sat down on the bed. Ian wrapped his legs around Jay, who got on his knees. The two men faced each other as Jay moved his cock in an upward motion. Both of their bodies bounced up and down on the bed. They held each other as their passionate connection refused to expire. Jay thrust his cock upwards and made Ian moan even more. His bouncing body led to his blond hair dancing in the air. It must have been the cock that he had waited for, because he constantly kissed Jay even when both of them moved in a constant rhythm conducted by their motivations.

Carol kept quiet. She bit her bottom lip as she watched them fuck for free. Her whole body tensed as she watched her two boyfriends doing it in front of her. Seeing them this way gave her the thrills. Ian and Jay seemed perfect for each other. The hug, the kisses, and the glorious thrusting became quite a treat for her. She reached down and massaged her clit. It was such an enthralling feeling. She was glad to see them together this way. She stood with a new pride for this threesome.

Ian and Jay held each other tightly as the next finale came into effect. Both of them gasped when it became permanent. More of Jay's warm and creamy semen would fill Ian's orifice. Carol sighed with glee when her two boyfriends finished. They demonstrated their true feelings by sharing one last kiss to commemorate their encounter.

Carol giggled with enthusiasm. Ian and Jay finally spotted her in the room.

She declared, "So I've got another good thing going here. I just love the way you guys fuck without me. I can watch you do it all day."

Ian rested his head on Jay's shoulder. "We really should do this more often."

Carol gently caressed Ian's blond hair. "You really should. In fact, I WANT you do it without me more often. It makes me so happy that I've chosen the two of you. You will fuck each other, and I will watch the whole thing. You deserve a queen like me."

Jay smiled. "I can't deny that."

"I will make sure that you will be in the right mood. Oh, it'll be so much fun."

She kissed Ian and Jay. She felt so fortunate to have such an open-minded pair in her house. She did indeed feel like a queen with two servants who could follow her commands without hesitation. She didn't know who started it, but it was a blessing, nonetheless.