 All character are a work of fiction and are over the age of 18 just like you should be if you wish to read this story. This is my first story I am publishing and pretty excited. Would love to hear feedback. Thanks.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I love going to the movies. My mom and step dad always sent me away on Fridays so they could get a couple hours alone time. I see two maybe even three movies before going home. Everyone at the local movie gallery knew who I was. 

I hated seeing movies with other people and would end up sitting almost all the way in the back of the seating area. Not many would come sit next to me and I always saw movies soon after they come out so the theater was always empty basically. 

****************************

Just like any other Friday my mom dropped me off in front of the theater. I didn't have a car at 18 but I had a license she would often let me drive both of us to the theater. 

"Have fun Owen," she gave me a kiss on the check which made me roll my eyes. Than she gave me money and partially push me out of the car. I got in and got a ticket to for one movie, looking at a few others I might see after that one. One movie just come out this week and I wanted to see it, but I knew the place would be full. I went to the first movie and sat in my normal seat. 

I was rather early and just watched the stupid early views. A few more people come struggling in, mostly older people or couples who would end up making out during the movie. Than an older male come in with some popcorn and a drink. I shouldn't really say older he probably just turned 30 but he already had some white in his black hair that was cut in a military style. The older male had a beer belly that wasn't to bad but still obvious. He took a seat in about the middle of the theater and turned around to see me staring right at him.

I knew my face must of turned red and I stated right at my shoes. Soon after that the theater got dark so I looked up to enjoy the movie. I would often look down at the man who I saw and often felt someone else eyes on me.

When the movie ended I check my phone and got a text from mom basically telling me to see another movie. I sighed softly to myself and got up to follow the people out. I didn't see the older guy so I guess he left already. I went up to the lines and got behind people to buy my second ticket. I decided to go with a movie I didn't really want to see but I didn't want to deal with many people. Unfortunately it was a busy Friday for them so when I entered the second movie it was rather full already.

My spot wasn't taken so I took the seat eagerly and luckily for me no one was around me. I sent a quick text to mom that I was starting my second movie. The theater went a little darker to start the previews and most I seen so I just kind of space off until I heard a husky voice. 

"Can I seat next to you young man," I looked up to the man who spoke and it was the older guy from the last movie. I just nodded my head a little as he took a seat right next to me with a huff. 

"You come here often," the man whispered to me and soon to a drink of his soda. I looked over to him to meet his eye contact. He had such nice hazel eyes and a nice handsome face. 

"Usually every Friday," I whispered back and turned to the previews. "I like the movies."

"Of course you do boy," the man chuckled softy to himself and offered the popcorn bucket to me. "Popcorn?"

I reach over and took a few pieces of the popcorn, "I'm Owen."

"I'm Hank," he offered his hairy hand to me and I took it to shake. "Why you come here so often, boy?"

I shrug and kept looking at him while licking my lips softly, "Mom wants alone time with my step dad. The married is still new and I love the moves."

"So you said. I like the movies too," he place his hand on my knee with a pat, "No friend so see the movies with?"

"Like seeing them alone," I mumbled and the theater went dark just then. We both sat in silence as the movie started and I noticed I seen this movie already. I spent a little in my seat.

I felt a hand on my knee again and I looked over at Hank, he was offer me more popcorn. He was so nice. I took more popcorn but his hand didn't leave my knee. He seemed to squeeze it slightly. 

I saw him move around to get more comfortable, spreading his meaty legs out while placing the popcorn bucket down on right on his crotch resting on his beer belly. His meaty hand rested on my knee and soon raised a few inches. Sitting in silence like that watching the movie together and his hand kept gliding it's way up until it was on my inner thigh, giving it a squeeze. 

I saw out of my corner of my eye him leaning over to whisper something to me, "Kind of a a boring movie huh?" I just nodded my head a little bit and he gesture with his free hand to the popcorn. I reached over to grab some more and I had to lean over to do it. We were getting closer now and I guess at one point he moved the armrest that separate us to moved up. Soon we were particularly sitting right next to each to each now. My legs touching his and I resting my hand right hand on his leg next to the popcorn. 

"Boy," I looked over when called that and he was staring right at me with a small smile on his face, than in a second I felt his hand on my crotch, and I jumped, "it's okay boy." His hand squeeze my crotch and I felt my cock harden against his meaty hand. He moved the popcorn off his crotch as his hand kneed my crotch gently. 

"Sir," I gasp out at the feeling and I heard him shush me softly as his hand was undoing my jeans slowly. And soon fishing my hard cock out, I watch as his meaty hand surround my small cock. His hand was covered every inch of my cock all but the head of my cock. His hand seemed to squeeze and stroke my cock slowly. "Sir."

He squeezed my cock to hard and I let out a soft whine as he spoke into my ear, "You got to be quiet boy or you ruin all these people's movie experience. Understand me boy?" He didn't really ask me but more told me, his hand stop squeezing so hard than went back to stroking me softly. I held back a moan and closed my eyes to enjoy the feeling of its older man experience hand. 

"That is it boy, enjoy this," he whispered more into my ear as I felt his thumb rub along the head of my cock which made it throb in pleasure causing me to bite down on my lower lip to stop a loud moan from coming out. "Such a cute expression on that face of yours boy." 

This went on for awhile. His hand squeezing, stroking and rubbing every inch of my throbbing cock. His thumb always on the tip of my cock rubbing in circles which caused the pre-cum to smear around on it as it leaked out of me. Out of no where he let go of my cock and lifted his thumb up to my mouth. Covered in my own pre-cum and I thrust into the empty air and I heard him whisper softly in my ear, "Clean it boy."

I don't really know what come over me, probably just wanted to get off from the hour of him teasing my cock. I opened my mouth and took his meaty thumb in my mouth. My tongue started to lick around in a circle motion on this man's thumb tasting my own pre-cum for the first time ever. It tasted salty but wasn't to bad of a taste to it. I was even sucking on his thumb softly and I felt his other hand softly petting my hair as I did this. He soon took his thumb out and I licked my lips, seeing his now saliva clean thumb. 

"I need you to stay quiet, boy" Hank whispered hotly into my ear and he grabbed my cock hard again. "We need you to finish." 

I softly whine at him and just nodded, saying in a soft whisper back afraid to speak as I thought I would moan, "I don't know if I can, Sir." 

I saw his eyes twinkle at me calling me Sir and he squeezed my cock a little harder which just made me want to moan out in pleasure, "Just tell me when you are close boy." This older man hand really started to work my cock now. Stroking along the full length while squeezing and rubbing my sensitive tip head. I just kept whining softly in my movie chair as this happen trying to contain the noise down so just the two of us could hear us. 

Hank seemed to enjoy my measly thrust into his hands while my eyes were shut tightly. I felt my cock throbbing in his hand and I could feel myself ready, I barely made out a soft whisper that I was going to when I felt Hank's lips on my lips. It was a deep open kiss and I allowed myself one small moan into his mouth as I felt my small cock exploding in orgasm against Hank's hand. He kissed me deeply the whole time as I shot several ropes of cum on his hand. 

I felt my orgasm die out and Hank pulled out of the kiss. The movie credit had just popped onto the screen and I would quickly pulled my clothing back on. Hank hide his left hand from any views but his right hand was on my knee, keeping me in place. Once the theater was empty Hank lifted his cum covered hand up to my mouth. I shot more than I normally did. It was on average 4 shots but this seemed like 6 or 7. 

"I won't make you clean up your mess up this time, boy," Hank said and pulled out a dark blue handkerchief, wiping my cum off his hand calmly. "I hope to see you again, boy. I be here next Friday around the same time."

I was still catching my breath and I just nodded slowly at the man, as he stood up. The popcorn bucket in one hand and the other had his soda can. I stood up too and made sure my clothing were all on straight when I felt his body against mine. I looked up at the taller man as he lean down to give me a quick kiss in the lips and i shivered at the sudden gentle kiss.

We both walked out of the theater next to each other in silence. He threw his stuff away before opening the door for me to lead outside. He patted my shoulder with a smile at me saying have a good night and left me out on the side walk with my thoughts.

One of the best movie going experience yet.