 I was over at Dan and Suzy's house -- Suzy is my girlfriend, Dan is her brother -- with Dan's girlfriend Andrea, watching movies and eating popcorn. We watched some lousy chick flicks, something with Hugh Grant, and after a while the girls started to get tired. Suzy and I were staying over, so she went upstairs to get ready for bed.

"Aren't you coming?" she asked me.

"Nah, I'm not tired yet."

Dan suggested we stay up and watch another movie or two before calling it a night. He put on a Schwarzenegger movie, which we watched until the girls had finished brushing their teeth and had pulled the doors to their bedrooms closed upstairs. As soon as the second door shut, Dan popped up and said he'd picked up something else we might enjoy more. He slid in a blank DVD and we sat back. The DVD option screen came up showing some great choices of girl-on-girl action. I didn't know Dan that well, but I figured I can watch porn with anybody. We watched three or four different scenes, all of them really hot. I was hard the entire time, but there wasn't anything I could really do about it. I could see Dan fidgeting as well. I thought I might pull it out and start whacking off, but I didn't know how he'd react.

After we watched enough of the girl-on-girl, Dan went back into a bag and pulled out another DVD. "This one's a little bit different," he said. "Let me know if it bothers you and I'll turn it off. It's not for everybody. I'm just a little curious about it, myself." He slipped it into the machine and up came the option menu -- all transsexual porn. I'd never seen anything like it in my life.

"Okay?" he asked.

"I guess so," I said. "I'll watch anything once."

In the first scene a woman who looked like Britney Spears walked onto the set in a private girl's school uniform. She spun around for the camera, pulled her skirt up at the back, and spoke to the camera. I was waiting for the transsexual to arrive. Suddenly she pulled back her panties and a cock fell out, hanging 6 inches down her leg. I'd finally figured it out. She completely undressed, showing her ass and her (or is it his?) cock. She/he even had breasts. I found it kind of intriguing. I definitely had a hardon, and I could see that Dan did, too. A man walked onto the set and said something to her in Spanish. They made out for a bit, then she took his cock out of his jeans and started sucking him off. I couldn't figure out if it was a guy or a girl giving this guy head, but figured at this point it didn't really matter.

After a while the guy pulled up the transsexual by the hair and laid her back on a bed and spread her legs wide. Before I knew it, he had taken her cock in his mouth and started sucking on it. I kind of froze a bit -- I didn't know how to react. This seemed kind of gay. Dan seemed to be breathing a little bit harder, and his bulge started to get bigger, too.

The man pushed the ts's legs into the air to expose her asshole and started to rim her. The girl jacked her cock slowly and moaned. The guy slowly inserted a finger into her anus, and started sucking the cock again while the ts played with her tits. The scene changed and the guy obviously had some lube on his hard cock. I stopped breathing for a second when I thought I hard the door open upstairs, but it must have been a car door outside.

The guy pressed the head of his cock against her ass, the girl's cock lollying around against the guy's as he entered her slowly. Dan was breathing a little harder. Was he rubbing his cock through his jeans? I wanted to rub mine very badly but just couldn't. The guy started fucking the girl harder now as she played with her tits and jacked off slowly. My cock was ready to burst out of my pants. I wanted to race upstairs and fuck Suzy but found myself strangely frozen in place.

"Do you mind if I whack it a bit?" asked Dan.

"Ah, no, go ahead, man." Dan unzipped. I couldn't see what he was doing behind the arm of the stuffed chair, but I could figure it out pretty easily.

"You can, too, if you want," he said. He slid forward in the chair and suddenly I could see his cock, about average size, cut, and perfect. I wasn't sure if he moved forward for comfort or so I could see what he was doing. I wanted to whack off, too, but wasn't quite sure. I kept watching the movie and watching Dan out of the corner of my eye.

After a while I started to rub my cock through my jeans. There was a wet spot near my pocket. I decided I had nothing to lose. I unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock. I couldn't believe my cock was out in someone else's living room, all seven inches of it, thick and bulging. I whacked for a bit and then closed my eyes.

After a while I heard a slight shuffling from Dan's side of the room as he pulled off his pants. Then I could hear him making his way towards me. I didn't know what to do. Then I felt Dan's hands, one on each of my knees, pulling my legs apart as he pulled off my pants. "Let me help you with that," he said. I looked down and saw my throbbing cock only inches from his face. He looked up at me, then grasped my cock in his hand and slowly jerked it.

"Is this okay?" he said. "We won't tell the girls."

"Okay," I said. With that, he lunged forward, taking my cock in his mouth, moving up and down the shaft with his lips.

"Mmm . . . your cock tastes good. I've never tasted one before, but I always wanted to."

"Mmmmm . . . that feels so good," I replied. I watched him suck my throbbing cock, looking over at the tv from time to time to see ts's fucking and getting fucked. It felt fucking amazing. He cupped my balls and took me entirely in his mouth. I reached down and put my hands behind his head and fucked his face. Suzy had never given me a blowjob like this before.

After a few minutes I felt like I was starting to cum. I didn't want to yet. I knew that once I came that my sense of adventure would disappear and that I'd want to stop, but until I came I was up for almost anything. I told Dan to stop.

"Oh, I'm sorry, I guess I shouldn't have . . ." he said, moving back away from me.

"Shhh . . . " I said. "I want to taste you." I pushed him back onto the shag carpet. I could see his cock, hard and purple, a good length sticking flat against his ample belly. "Relax," I said. I moved up his body, putting my hands on either side of his legs, and flicked my tongue against the head of his cock.

"MMmmmmm!" he moaned, loudly.

"Shhh," I said. "Don't wake the girls. They'd kill us or call the police or something." To shut him up I took that beautiful purple cock in my mouth. It filled my entire mouth, fit perfectly on my tongue. I'd never tasted anything so good. I could feel the head tickling the back of my throat as it lurched as Dan spasmed in joy. I couldn't believe I was sucking a guy's cock, but it was great.

I took it out of my mouth and ran my tongue up and down the shaft. Every time I licked the head his cock jumped. I would alternately take it in my mouth and lick it up and down. It tasted so perfect. Then I took his balls in my mouth, the way I'd seen them do it on the video earlier. I jacked the cock as I sucked the balls. Dan started moaning again. I could feel his cock getting harder, and knew from my own whacking experience that he wasn't far from cumming.

"Do you have any lube and condoms?" I asked.

"What for?"

"You can fuck me in the ass if you like." Dan had told me over drinks one night that he'd always wanted to fuck Andrea in the ass, but she wouldn't let him. I'd fucked a couple of girls in the ass, but had never been fucked before, except with my own fingers. If I was ever going to try it, it was now.

"I guess we could try it. I don't want to be fucked back, though," he said.

"That's okay," I said.

Dan disappeared into the other room and I pulled a couple of cushions off the couch and lay back on them. I decided to leave my socks on -- my feet were freezing. I watched the boy-girls fuck each other for a bit, then Dan reappeared with a tube in one hand and a square wrapper in the other.

"Are you sure about this? It is something I want to try, but I was really only looking to experiment a little."

"I want you to fuck me," I said. "If you don't want to, we can go back to sucking each other off. He looked down at me, shrugged his shoulders, and tore open the package and pulled out a dome and slid it onto his cock. Then he unspun the lid of the tube and squirted some KY into his hands, then rubbed it all over the condom. He put some more into his hand and moved it towards my waiting asshole.

"Last chance," he said, and smiled.

"Do it," I said. He rubbed the lube all over my asshole, then slid a finger in with some lube on it. He finger fucked me for a little bit, then tried two fingers. It didn't really hurt, though it wasn't the most comfortable feeling in the world. I closed my eyes and could feel him moving against me. He pulled out his fingers. I could feel his thighs against my legs. Then I could feel the tip of his prick brush against my asshole. He rubbed it up and down my ass. I reached down and felt my cock. It was going to explode, but I didn't want it to, yet. Then Dan pressed his cock into me, the head first, then part of the shaft. It felt different than his fingers had, than my bar of soap had in the shower at home, but it still felt good. He moaned a bit as he pushed further into me. He instinctively started to pump, slowly at first. His cock felt so good inside me, my asshole wrapping around his perfect-sized cock. I watched a ts suck off another on the screen as a guy fucked her from behind. I pictured my ass being punctured by this glorious cock. I whacked my cock, careful not to cum too early. Dan closed his eyes and started to fuck me harder, rocking against me.

"Oh yeah, I'm fucking you," he half-whispered. "Your ass feels so good."

"That's it, fuck me," I whispered back. "Fuck my ass with that beautiful cock." At that he started to pump harder. It hurt a little more but I was still enjoying it.

"I'm going to cum soon," he said, some sweat dripping down the sides of his face.

"Pull out," I said.

"Oh, I'm sorry," he said, and stopped. "Did I hurt you?" I smiled and nodded no and motioned for him to take off the dome. As he did I again took his cock in my mouth. I'd only ever tasted my own cum and wanted to try someone else's. I sucked hard, cupping his balls in my hands. I whacked that cock against my lips. "Oh my god," he said. "Oh my god. Shit, I'm going to cum. Watch out!" He half-pushed against my shoulders to give me an opportunity to get away. I wasn't having any of it. I took his entire cock in my mouth and sucked even harder. I felt his cock stiffen and his body shudder. I wrapped my hands around his waist and lodged my fingers in his asscrack as he bucked against me. Suddenly a torrent of cum shot into my mouth. It was hot and salty and delicious. He moaned as he fucked my face. His cock continued to surge, and I raced my tongue around the head of his cock as I jacked him into my waiting mouth. He shuddered a few more times then rocked back on his haunches. I squeezed out the last few drops into my mouth and admired his perfect, spent cock. Then I stood up, went to the bathroom and spit the cum into the sink. I'd wanted to try it, but I didn't really want it for supper.

When I'd come back in, Dan had left the room. I figured he'd raced up to his girlfriend's room in shame or was having a shower, but he quickly reappeared, another wrapper in his hand. He opened it, quickly unrolled it, got on his knees, and put it over my waiting cock, still throbbing in anticipation. He took me in his mouth. I put my hands behind his head, his short hair squeezing between my fingers. It didn't take long. He sucked and sucked and sucked and soon I put one hand in my mouth and the other one I still held behind his head as I fucked his face. I came before I was even prepared to. It felt better than any orgasm I'd ever had. My knees wobbled as cumshot after cumshot surged into the condom. He coaxed every drop out before removing the condom and tying it up. "Attaboy," he said, and disappeared into the bathroom.

When he came back, I had dressed, and he quickly dressed, too. He turned off the vid and put it back into its hiding place.

"Well, I guess I'll see you in the morning," he said."

"Uh, yeah, right," I said.

"Not a word to the girls or anyone else, right?"

"Absolutely," I said. I wasn't telling anybody.

I snuck up the stairs and slid into the shower. I soaped my cock and my slightly raw ass, then towelled off, put my shirt and underwear back on and slid ino the bedroom.

I could hear Suzy gently snoring from under the covers. I slinked in beside her. I was a little bit frightened. What would she think if she found out what I'd just done? I hadn't planned it, but it had happened, and I liked it. It's not something I could picture myself doing all that often, but thought that if Dan and I could do it from time to time, it wouldn't be so bad. I still felt kind of off and was scared that Suzy would figure it out, or that Dan would blab.

Suzy snorted in her sleep, then rolled over. I thought she was still sleeping, but I could sense behind my own closed eyes that she was looking at me. I opened my eyes and saw her staring straight into my eyes. This was it -- she'd figured it out. I was done for. Our engagement was off.

"Honey," she said. I bristled.

"Um, yes, dear?"

"I think we have something to talk about." I started shaking a little. I didn't know what to do. I wasn't queer, just curious, and now it was going to cost me my relationship.

"We do?" I said, about to break down like a girl and cry.

"Yes. Something's happened tonight that we have to discuss right now." I started tearing up a little and looked into her eyes in the faint darkness. And then I sensed something -- something different. Her eyes were also a little misty and her body shivered. "I have to talk about it right now." And there it was, the unmistakable smell of pussy on her breath, faint, but softly pungent.

I smiled behind my hand. "What the fuck did you do?" I said, trying to sound angry, but really almost laughing. My erotic encounter was locked away in the vault. Hers would earn me dozens of unannounced blowjobs in public places for the next few years and unchallenged access to her perfect brown pucker. "Tell me," I said.