 It had been a couple of months since my guy, Jeff, hosted a poker night and I was the special item on the menu. We talked about that night openly and without issues, often using it as inspiration for our own sex life.

One night after a couple of glasses of wine, he said he would like to have Derrick over - perhaps for a bottle of wine and a movie. Derrick was the good looking blonde from poker night. I remembered he had a beautiful muscular chest that was tightly trimmed and sexy as hell. He also has a beautiful straight cock - slightly larger than Jeff's, with a large beautifully shaped head.

All of my memories of Derrick from that night (including his time spent deep inside of me) were good ones. So I was immediately aroused at the thought of him coming over "for wine and a movie." I doubted that's all the night would be about.

Without sounding too anxious, I told Jeff I thought that was a great idea. "Derrick seemed like a great guy" (thought bubble... I also thoroughly enjoyed fucking him...).

A couple of days later, Jeff said Derrick accepted the invitation for Saturday night and said he could be at our place around 7. We would bring in New York pizza from our favorite Italian place a few blocks away and Jeff would pick up a couple bottles of red.

I thought about Saturday night for the rest of the week. I lost track of how many times I was unable to get up from my desk at work after daydreaming about what was in store for me with my guy and Derrick. Jeff and I had sex Thursday night and I got off thinking about pleasing two men at once. I had the funny feeling Jeff was having fantasies about the same setting, albeit in a different role.

Fortunately, Saturday came quickly. Around 5:30, I poured myself a glass of wine and said I was going to go upstairs and take a long bath. Jeff winked at me, kissed me and told me to take my time. 

I sat down my wine glass and took my clothes off right there in the dining room, tossing them to the side. I walked over to him naked and devoured his mouth with a long, wet kiss. Our hearts were beating uncontrollably as my cock grew hard and our tongues took turns exploring each other's mouths. He cupped my ass and ground his crotch against mine. I could feel he was fully aroused as well.

I pushed him away, picked up my glass and walked toward the stairs. I turned and smiled at him as he watched my tight bubble ass moving tantalizingly back and forth as I walked up the stairs.

I prepared for the evening and drew a hot bath. I climbed into the water, which was almost too hot at first. But as I grew used to it, all of my cares washed away. I sipped my wine and ran my fingers gently over my cock and balls thinking about the evening ahead. My cock was engorged and throbbing in anticipation.

I closed my eyes and stroked myself slowly with one hand while reaching between my legs with the other and probing myself with the middle finger of my other hand. I applied a bit of conditioner to my finger and probed myself deeper while still stroking.

I edged myself several times, taking the risk that I would explode and take some of the fun out of the evening. Finally, I just laid back and sipped wine while seeing how long my cock would remain engorged without being touched, just from fantasizing about the evening.

After 30 minutes or so, I arose from the bath and toweled off, my body lobster red and tingling. My cock was still so sensitive that I became nearly fully erect just from being toweled with the soft cotton towel. I put on a pair of deep blue silk pajamas, naked underneath.

About 6:30, I walked downstairs and could smell the wonderful aroma of pizza in the air. Jeff had showered downstairs and was dressed in jeans and a tee shirt, barefoot. He reminded me he loved those pajamas and kissed me passionately while running his hands over my ass. I was immediately aroused and told him he would have to stop if he didn't want me to greet Derrick with a special "hello."

Derrick rang the doorbell five minutes early around 6:55. Jeff gave him a hug. Then I gave him a hug that became prolonged because he grabbed my ass with his right hand during the hug. I guessed he wasn't going to be shy that evening.

We opened the pizza, poured some wine and stood around the center island in the kitchen eating and talking for probably 20 minutes. Every time I would walk to the refrigerator or elsewhere, I would make a point of walking behind Derrick and brushing against him. The message was obvious and not lost on him. 

The entire time, Jeff was in full "couple" mode, kissing me several times and occasionally putting his arm around me. At one point, he came around behind me and put his arms around my waist. He kissed my neck and ran his hand over my cock while I was looking right at Derrick. The effect was immediate and I was a bit embarrassed by the obvious rise in my pajama bottoms. 

Jeff suggested we retire to the family room and turned on the television. Jeff and I sat on the couch and Derrick sat in the lazy chair to the side. We selected a streamed movie nobody had seen and sat back to relax. 

About 10 minutes in, Jeff put his arm around me and leaned over for a kiss. We made out as I glanced over to confirm that Derrick was watching. Jeff pinched my nipples through my pajamas and I gasped slightly. 

He unbuttoned my pajama top and opened it to expose my chest. He pinched my bare nipples. I was fully erect at this point and there was no way to hide it. So I just leaned back and enjoyed myself. Jeff was half watching us and half watching the movie, wondering how this would progress.

We watched the movie for a bit and then Jeff leaned in for another kiss. While we kissed, he boldly grabbed my cock, which again rose to attention. He reached inside my bottoms and started alternating between massaging my balls and stroking my cock. I laid my head back and moaned softly at the feeling and the exhilaration of being watched by Derrick.

Jeff looked up at Derrick and said, "You should come over and join us on the couch." Derrick didn't hesitate and nearly jumped from the chair to the couch, sitting on my left.

Jeff removed his hand from my bottoms and Derrick didn't hesitate to reach in and pick up where Jeff left off. He leaned forward and met my mouth with his and started exploring my mouth with his tongue while stroking me.

Making my own bold move, I reached down and slipped off my pajama bottoms, leaving me completely naked and hard as a rock. While Derrick stroked me, Jeff ran his hand over my stomach and chest, pinching my nipples from time to time.

I grabbed both of their crotches and was pleasantly surprised to find that they were both hard. I rubbed their cocks through their pants as they took turns playing with my cock and balls.

Derrick leaned forward and slipped off his shirt. Then he kicked off his shoes, undid his pants and slipped them off, leaving him completely naked. I looked over and was once again fascinated with his muscular, tanned and tightly groomed chest. I leaned toward him and ran my hand over it, feeling the muscles and pinching his nipples. I planted a long wet kiss on his mouth as he stroked my cock.

Jeff stood up and shed his clothes while Derrick and I explored each other's bodies. When he sat back down, I reached over and began massaging his cock and balls. I was stroking both of their cocks while they were exploring me.

Jeff leaned over and whispered in my ear, "I want you to suck my cock."

I positioned myself on all fours on the couch with my head in Jeff's lap and my ass facing Derrick. I leaned forward and took Jeff's cock into my mouth. I ran my tongue around the rim and ticked the taught piece of skin at the base of the helmet. He moaned as I took him to the back of my throat and began working him in and out of my mouth.

As I had hoped for, Derrick reached between my legs and massaged my cock and balls. He pulled my cock downward and slowly milked me while massaging my balls with the other hand.

When I felt Derrick's tongue at my opening, I nearly lost it. I pushed my ass in the air as he buried his tongue. I reached down and grabbed his hand to stop the stroking so that I didn't cum to soon.

Watching all of this while having his cock sucked, Jeff nearly had his own explosion. He stopped me with his hand in a gesture we both understood.

Jeff kissed me and whispered in my ear, "I want to watch you fuck him." I was so turned on, I devoured his mouth with mine, nibbling on his tongue as he stuck it nearly down my throat.

I pulled away, stood up and straddled Derrick's knees. His cock was glorious - slightly larger than Jeff's with a big head that was glistening and inviting. It was a beautiful cock.

I reached for a jar by the table, dipped a finger and reached between my legs to apply lubrication. Jeff slid his hips forward a bit as I leaned forward and straddled him on my knees. I ran my hands over his magnificent chest again as he grabbed the back of my head and pulled me in for a kiss.

Our mouths and tongues devoured each other as I reached around and grabbed his cock. I positioned it straight up and lowered onto it, slowly allowing the large head to penetrate my opening. I wanted him inside me. I craved his cock. But I wanted to feel his helmet slowly press past my rim and then pull back out. I gasped as it stretched my hole and then popped inside. I held still, feeling it throb inside me.

I lifted back up and slowly allowed his cock head to pull out of me. It again slowly stretched my entrance and popped out of me as I gasped.

The second time, I eased his helmet inside and continued lowering myself until the glorious full length of his shaft was buried inside me. He leaned his head back and I devoured his mouth with my own while sitting still and feeling him throbbing inside me.

I started fucking him slowly, tightening my muscles and raising up until the rim reached my opening and then plunging down and taking him to the hilt.

Eventually I picked up the pace and milked his cock while I ran my hands over his chest. His chest muscles flexed as he reached around and grabbed my ass, lifting me and slamming back down. 

I was so engrossed in fucking Derrick that I had not thought about Jeff. I turned and looked at him as if for approval. He was stroking his cock and watching us. He winked at me and then leaned over, grabbed the back of my head and pulled me toward him as he planted a long probing wet kiss on my mouth. Feeling a cock gliding in and out of me while I kissed Jeff was mind blowing. I nearly came without even touching my cock.

I had the approval I was looking for and turned my attention back to Derrick. He startled me when he suddenly lifted his right hand and slapped my ass cheek. I smiled at him and he did the same with my other cheek. Then, he slapped both of my cheeks with his hands hard enough that it smarted.

I slowed my pace for a second, feeling the sting. He grabbed a handful of my ass in each hand firmly and slammed me down hard on his cock. It nearly took my breath away. He lifted me back up and then slammed me down again.

I took the cue, put my hands on his shoulders and started lifting up and slamming down on his cock almost violently. The sound of my ass cheeks slamming on his thighs was an unbelievable turn on. He continued to grip my ass cheeks and controlled the pace. 

Suddenly, he yelled out, "Oh fuck!!" and slammed me down on his engorged cock one last time. My heart was almost coming out of my chest as I felt his cock pulsate and shoot rope after rope of warm cum inside me. I reached around and grabbed his balls, massaging them vigorously as they emptied inside me. 

His head was laid back and his eyes didn't open until I felt the last surge from his cock. When he opened his eyes, he looked up at me and grabbed the back of my head. I leaned forward and met his mouth as our lips and tongues explored once again. The previous kisses were aggressive. This one was pure passion. He ran his hands over my ass as I ran mine over his chest.

I slowly climbed off of him and laid back on the couch between the two of them with my cock at full attention. I looked over at Jeff and he seemed mesmerized. He was stroking his own cock while looking back and forth between my cock and Derrick's, still erect and dripping cock. 

Nobody said a word for about 30 seconds. Then, Jeff leaned over, kissed me and said, "I want to fuck you from behind."

I climbed off of the couch and onto my knees, leaning forward so that my chest was on the couch cushion. He dropped to his knees behind me and positioned himself between my legs. I could feel his cock head at my opening and then he plunged his cock balls-deep inside me in one violent stroke.

I had just been fucked vigorously by Derrick, so my hole was more than receptive. But I wasn't used to Jeff being so aggressive.

With his cock buried inside me, he grabbed my hips and started fucking me hard. I was spent, but it still felt wonderful having Jeff's familiar cock going in and out of me. I pushed up onto my hands and started rocking back and forth, meeting his every stroke as he slammed inside me.

He raised onto one foot, grabbed my shoulders and started fucking me even harder, slamming into me with force and then pulling almost completely out of me before slamming into me again. The slapping sound of his groin against my ass was mesmerizing. The feeling of his balls slapping against mine with each deep plunge was driving me crazy.

He was fucking me so hard that it actually began to hurt a bit. But I was so turned on, I kept meeting his every thrust by slamming back against him.

I looked over at Derrick and saw him aggressively stroking his cock while watching me get fucked. I smiled at him and he smiled back, working himself toward a second explosion.

Jeff yelled out something I couldn't even understand and slammed his cock into my ass one last time. He exploded as I tightened my hole and milked him. I reached down between my legs and massaged his balls as he unloaded deep in my ass. I didn't think he would ever stop cumming. Only when he was completely spent did he slowly pull out.

I looked over at Derrick just in time to see his cock explode and shoot a rope of cum all over his chest and stomach. He closed his eyes and groaned.

I rolled onto the floor, exhausted and sore. All three of us had lost interest in the movie long ago and just laid back, catching our breath.

I stood up and kissed Jeff. I then walked over to Derrick, leaned over and kissed him. He grabbed my cock for a moment and stroked me while we kissed. I told him I was glad he "came" and turned to walk upstairs. I heard them talking downstairs and then heard the door open and close.

I rinsed off and went into the bedroom. Jeff was not there yet, so I laid back on the bed and started running my fingers over my cock, bringing myself to full attention again. I was the only one who had not yet cum. I re-lived the events of the evening as I began stroking myself.

Jeff finally walked into the room. He was still naked. He climbed onto the bed and positioned himself between my legs. He leaned over and took me into his mouth. I moaned as he used his expert tongue and lips to massage my cock. He took me to the back of his throat and massaged my balls as he massaged the tip with his throat muscles.

I closed my eyes. I wasn't thinking about my cock in Jeff's mouth. I was thinking about straddling Derrick, lowering onto his cock and running my hands over his muscular chest. I re-lived the moment when he slammed me down onto his cock and exploded inside me.

The wave started in my thighs, washed over my balls and up the shaft of my cock. I arched my back and grabbed the back of Jeff's head, forcing my cock to the back of his throat as I exploded. He sucked hard and massaged my shaft with his tongue as I unloaded gush after gush in his throat. He took it all and swallowed several times as I exploded.

When I was spent, he loosened the grip his lips has on my cock. He stroked me several more times slowly and then pulled off of me.

We kissed while massaging each other's cocks. He asked me how much I loved fucking Derrick. I admitted that it was exhilarating. I loved it. But I told him I also loved being fucked by him and seeing him get so much pleasure out of seeing me being fucked. 

I fell asleep in the crook of his arm, his cock still in my hand.