 It was Saturday evening and I was bored. I decided to buck my routine and go to the movies. I go to the movies every Sunday morning when it's not crowded and when the prices are cheapest. Hopefully it wouldn't be too crowded. I didn't like people to be too close to my personal space.

I'm deathly shy and totally lacking in self-confidence. I guess that comes from my weight issues. I have always been a little overweight. It sucked being the nerdy, husky kid. And now I'm a chubby adult. I'm 26 years old, 5'8" and just over 200 pounds. I have greenish/hazel eyes and brown hair, which I keep short. If it gets too long, it starts to curl. I also have a light covering of brown hair on my chest, around my belly button, my crotch and legs. For all of that hair on me, I can't grow a decent beard to save my life. I settled for a patch of whiskers on my chin. I also wear small, round, nerdy looking glasses. None of that seems to be very appealing to other guys.

Oh, and my name is Scotty. Yeah. Scotty. How gay is that?

My shyness didn't really help make me any friends in high school or college, either. At least not any long term friends that have wanted to keep in touch with me.

Being a corporate application developer didn't seem to help any, either. The whole group of us at work seemed to be misfits who went off by themselves every day at lunch. We IM'd or e-mailed questions to the person sitting in the next cubicle. Anything to avoid human contact with the other people in the department.

I wrapped my scarf around my neck and put on my winter coat and my hat. I know the beanie cap with the ear flaps didn't help my geek image any, but it keeps my ears warm. I headed to the parking lot and brushed the show off my car while it warmed up and then headed for the theater.

When I got to the theater, I bought my ticket for the latest Harry Potter movie and headed inside. The theater was nice and toasty warm. My glasses instantly fogged up. I pulled my gloves off, took my glasses off and wiped them down. Once I put them back on, and I could see again, I gave the usher my ticket and stood in line for snacks.

I bought a Coke icee and a medium popcorn and looked up at the LED boards to see where my movie was playing.

"We're over here," a voice called out towards my direction.

I looked up to see a guy waving me over to his group. He was in his mid to late twenties, about my age or a little older than me if I had to guess. He was a little bit taller than me as well. I'd say he was 5'11" or 6'0" tall. He had brown hair cut into a crew cut, and a goatee and mustache. He was a little bit chubby like me.

I looked at him, confusion all over my face. I looked behind me to see if he was talking to someone behind me.

"Come on," he said to me. "We're in theater 8."

I looked up at the LED board and my movie was in number 8. I looked back at him and the group of guys he was with. There were about a dozen of them. All big and husky guys, of all different ages. They started moving into the theater and I fell in line behind them. The guy who motioned me over moved up next to me.

"I'm Eric," he said and held out his hand for me to shake.

I juggled my popcorn and drink and quickly shook his hand and he furrowed his brow.

"I don't remember emailing anyone new about tonight," he said. "What's your name again?"

"Scotty-- Er, Scott."

"Well, Scotty Scott," he laughed. "You're not here for the bear club's movie night, are you?"

I shook my head. "No."

"Shit. I'm sorry. Well, I'd love it if you joined us anyway."

He flashed me a very friendly smile and I shrugged and gave him a shy smile back. "Okay."

We piled into a couple of rows and pulled our coats off. I pulled my dorky hat off and smoothed down my hair.

I ended up sitting between Eric and another guy about my age. He was built like me, but with shaggy blond hair.

"I'm Stuart," he said as he offered his hand.

"Scotty," I said as I shook his hand.

Damn. I meant to say 'Scott.'

"Nice to meet you, Scotty. This is my boyfriend, Darrell. And that's Dominic next to him."

Wow. Boyfriend! I glanced around at all the guys and wondered if they were all gay. Of course, they all seemed completely gay now that the thought was planted in my head.

I reached across to shake Darrell's offered hand. Darrell looked like he was in his late twenties. He was heavy set, bigger than Stuart. He had wavy strawberry blond hair and a bushy, but still neat, beard.

I then leaned forward a little and waved to Dominic and my heart skipped a beat and my mouth dried up. The theater lights were dimmed and I really wished I could see him better. He looked to be very handsome. Definitely older than me. Dark hair and light eyes. A full beard, closely trimmed and nicely shaped. I always had an attraction to guys who were a little older than me and I especially liked dark hair with blue eyes. He looked at me for a second with interest, then nodded his head at me. He turned his attention back to the slide show on the screen.

Eric had put his arm around my chair. His finger tips tapped on my shoulder. I turned and looked at him.

"I'll share these M&M's with you if you share your popcorn with me," he said.

"Sure."

He put the yellow bag of Peanut M&Ms in the cup holder between our seats and I held the popcorn between us so we could both eat out of the bag.

I had a smile on my face as the previews started.

* * *

After the movie, I walked out of the theater with Eric.

"You wanna grab a beer?" he asked me.

"Um... Okay, I guess so."

"Cool," he said with a smirk.

Stuart, Darrell and Dominic walked up to us and Darrell told Eric, "Thanks for setting this up."

Stuart said that a new movie was opening up next week and some of the guys talked about going, even though movie night was only once a month.

"I'll take care of it," Eric said.

Stuart and Darrell said goodbye to us, and Darrell gave me a wink. Dominic regarded me for a second, then nodded at me and walked out with Stuart and Darrell.

I walked with Eric out to the parking lot.

"Hey, I have beer at my house," he said. "Why don't we just to my place and save some money?"

"Okay. Sure."

I followed Eric in my car to his apartment. We stomped our snowy feet at the door and I stuffed my cap and gloves into my coat pocket. He took my coat and hung it in the closet with his. We took off our boots and Eric turned up the heat on the thermostat. He grabbed two bottles of beer, one for each of us and we sat down on the couch together.

"So, what did you think of the movie?" he asked.

We talked for a while about the movie, what we liked and what we didn't like. I started to nerd out and analyze the parallels to what was happening in the world today, when I noticed that Eric started to zone out.

"Sorry," I said with a blush.

"Nah, that's okay. You're kinda cute when you get excited."

"Really?" I said, knowing that I was blushing even harder.

"Yeah," he said quietly.

He moved in closer and pressed his lips against mine.

It was my first ever real kiss. I let him lead me and I tried to copy him and return his kisses with equal passion. It was all a blur. I don't know if it was the beer, but my body felt like it was on fire. He was touching and kissing me, making out with me. A part of me wanted to stop and slow down, but another part of me was horny and desperate.

Guess which part won?

Eric took my hand and led me to his bedroom. We fell onto his bed and kissed and made out. My hand ran up and down his soft chest and belly and then he was tugging my shirt off. I immediately felt self-conscious, but the way he touched and kissed my chest made me feel so good. When his tongue flicked over my nipple, I about jumped off the bed.

Soon we were unbuckling and unbuttoning our pants.

"I'm not very hung," he whispered.

I thought it was strange that he would say that, but I didn't really care.

"That's okay," I said and we both chuckled nervously.

His dick was almost five inches, shorter than my six and a quarter, but it was a little thicker. His had a small head, but mine was kind of skinny. We were both circumcised. Mine was dripping a lot more pre-come than his.

We laid on our sides kissing as we touched each others dicks. This was the extent of my previous sexual experience. A mutual hand job with a drunk boy at a party in college. I hoped it was going further.

I thought I was going to spontaneously combust when Eric started sliding down my body, kissing down my chest and stomach. He lifted my hard dick from my belly and looked at it for a moment. Then I felt the hot wetness of his mouth engulf it and I thought I had died and gone to heaven. He bobbed his head up and down and sucked.

My body shuddered and I grabbed fistfuls of the sheets as my head thrashed back and forth.

"Eric... I'm... Oh god!"

My body tensed up hard and then exploded in intense relief. I gasped for air as I spurt my come into his sucking mouth. He drained every drop and then swallowed.

"Come here," Eric growled as he got up and stood next to the bed. He grabbed me and pushed me down to my knees in front of him.

"Suck me," he said.

I took hold of his cock and pulled it down towards my mouth. I licked up the bottom of it and licked around the head. I looked up at him nervously. His hand moved to the back of my hand and he pulled me closer. I took the head into my mouth and Eric pushed his hips forward. More of his dick slid into my mouth and I sucked just like he had done to me. I tentatively moved up and down his shaft at first, then became more and more confident in what I was doing.

Just when I was getting the hang of it, Eric pulled me up to my feet and kissed me.

"I wanna fuck you, Scotty."

He turned me around bent me over the bed. He spread my legs apart and I felt cold gel being spread between my cheeks.

I knew in my gut that I should have stopped him and said 'no'. But I didn't. It felt good to be wanted, and I wanted him too. I didn't want to be a 26 year-old virgin.

His finger slid into me and I moaned. He slowly slid it in and out. I panted and closed my eyes. He pulled out and pushed two fingers in.

"Oh god," I groaned as my virgin hole throbbed in pain.

Eric held his fingers still for a second, and the pain slowly faded away. His fingers thrust in and out, twisting and stretching. He wiggled them inside me and I whimpered in discomfort.

"Yeah, you like that?" he grunted.

Three fingers pushed into me and I gripped the sheets. "Eric... Wait..."

"Breathe deep," he said. "Relax."

He moved his fingers in and out of me until I was moaning in pleasure. I looked back at him when he pulled them out. He grabbed a condom and rolled it onto his dick. He poured lube on it and then poured more lube into my crack.

Eric put one hand on my back and pushed down. The head of his dick pushed into my ass with a pop.

"Oh my god," I groaned in pain. It felt like Eric was splitting me in two. "Eric, stop."

Eric held still and rubbed his hands up and down my back as tears ran down my cheeks.

"Breathe," he said. "Relax."

I was breathing hard and the pain slowly became a dull throb. Eric started moving slowly in and out, and I groaned quietly as the pain surged with each thrust.

"You're tight," he groaned.

He grabbed my hips and pushed in and out of me, moving faster and faster. In less than a minute, he cried out.

"Oh, fuck!" he shouted.

His cock stiffened and throbbed and Eric's movements slowed and then stopped completely.

Eric collapsed onto my back and laid there until his breathing evened out. I closed my eyes and relaxed. I wasn't a virgin anymore. But it wasn't like I thought it would be. It was uncomfortable and it hurt and it was kind of awkward. However, I really liked the closeness of his body, the way he was laying on top of me right now.

He pushed back up and slipped out of me. He tied the condom off and tossed it into the trash.

"That was good," he said. "Um... That wasn't your first time, was it?"

"Yeah," I said, rolling into my back. "Thanks, Eric."

Eric laughed and said, "My pleasure."

Eric moved up onto the bed and stifled a yawn. He looked over at the alarm clock on his nightstand. "I need to get your phone number and email address before you go."

"Sure," I said with a smile, hopeful that there would be a next time.

Eric pulled a pen and pad of paper from his nightstand drawer and I wrote down my name, cell and email address.

We kissed for a little bit and then I got dressed and headed home for the night.

* * *

I got the email blast invite on Tuesday from Eric for movie night on Saturday, followed by another personal email that said he really hoped that I was coming. I was grinning as I replied that I would be there.

I had been anticipating movie night all week and now that it was here, I was really nervous. When I stepped into the warm theater I had to pull my glasses off and wipe them off.

"Hey, Scotty," a familiar voice called out.

I squinted at the blur and put my glasses on. Stuart, Darrell and Dominic walked in and we gave our tickets to the usher and got our snacks. We made our way down the hall to the theaters to find our group. I smiled when I saw Eric, but my smile quickly faded.

He was talking to another young guy I didn't remember seeing last time. They were standing close and looked like they were flirting. The guy was smiling bashfully and hanging on Eric's every word like a desperate school girl.

I cringed. Shit. Is that what I looked like last week?

I wanted the floor to open and swallow me whole. I cleared my throat nervously as I tried to blink back the tears. I wasn't upset so much as embarrassed.

"Sorry, Scotty," Stuart said quietly. "Eric likes the newbies. I would have warned you, if I knew..."

"And Stuart should know," Darrell chuckled. "Eric got Stuart's cherry two years ago."

"Hey!" Stuart pouted.

My face paled and my stomach flip-flopped. They all looked at me. I'm sure my expression told them everything that happened.

"Oh, shit, I'm sorry," Darrell apologized. "I got a big mouth. Don't pay any attention to me."

"Fuckin' Eric," Dominic spat under his breath.

I looked up Dominic in shock. It was the first time I had heard him speak.

"This ain't supposed to be his personal dating service," he grumbled in a deep voice.

"Don't let him bring you down," Stuart said to me. "You can hang out with us tonight."

"Thanks, guys," I smiled.

We walked into the theater and all three of them gave Eric a dirty look as we passed him. I looked down at the floor and didn't make eye contact with him.

I ended up sitting between Stuart and Dominic in the theater and Stuart and I chatted quietly during the slide show before the previews. Dominic quietly listened, but didn't speak.

When the lights dimmed as the previews started, I leaned over to Dominic and quietly told him, "Dominic, you can have some of my popcorn if you want."

I held the bag between us so he could reach. I smiled at him and he smiled back and took a handful of popcorn.

At some point, our hands touched in the popcorn bag and I felt a shock travel up my arm and into my body. The energy went straight to my groin where my dick twitched and quickly filled with blood. In the darkness, I looked up at him and saw that he was looking down at me. He jerked his hand away and turned back to the screen, but I could see he had a little smile on his face.

After the movie Darrell wanted to go grab a coffee, so the four of us headed to a nearby coffee shop. We sipped our warm drinks and talked and laughed. Even Mr. Strong-and-Silent Dominic joined in. After talking about the movie, we shared personal details about ourselves so that they could get to know me better and I could learn more about them.

Stuart owned a flower shop, which Darrell teased him relentlessly about. Stuart was 27, a year older than me.

Darrell was a lawyer and 31 years old, about to be 32. He and Stuart have been dating about a year and a half, and living together for nearly a year now. They were a really cute couple. Darrell teased Stuart a lot, but I could tell that he adored and loved him. I hoped someday that I would have that.

Dominic -- who hated to be called Dom, but didn't mind Nic -- was an engineer for the county. He was 42 years old. I wouldn't have guessed him that old. But in the light, I could see his black hair was graying a touch around the temples. His beard also had flecks of gray in it. His hair was thinning on the crown of his head and his hairline was also receding. The little tuft of hair in front was really cute to me. His eyes were a bright blue that seemed to sparkle.

I realized that I had been smiling the whole time. I wondered if this is what it would be like to have real friends.

While I wanted these three guys to be my friends, I felt a little strange around Dominic. He was so manly, so masculine. I really wanted him to like me, even more so than Stuart and Darrell.

Dominic finished his black coffee and said, "I'm gonna get a refill."

"I'll get it for you, Dominic," I offered.

Dominic looked at me and the corner of his mouth turned up in a smirk. I gave him a blushing smile and grabbed his cup and went up to the counter. I returned the freshly filled cup to Dominic and set it down in front of him.

"Thanks, Scotty," he said.

"You're welcome."

I sat down and took a drink of my latte. Dominic was watching me intently as he sipped his coffee. I looked up at him over the rim of my cup and smiled.

The conversation turned to a discussion of bear culture, which I found fascinating.

"I'm a bear and Stu is my cub," Darrell said.

"So cubs are younger bears?" I asked.

"Well... Pretty much. But it can also imply a more passive partner."

"Ooh. So clinical," Stuart said with a chuckle.

"Watch it, Stewie," Darrell warned him. He sounded mad, but he had a playful smile on his face.

"So, would I be a cub?" I asked. "I got a little bit of hair on my chest, but I'm not real hairy. I can't grow a beard either."

"Definitely a cub," Dominic said, while staring a hole into me. His intense gaze made me look away. I felt my cheeks flushing a little bit and my ears felt hot, but I felt happy inside.

Somehow the conversation turned to coming out. After hearing their coming out stories, I was embarrassed to tell them that I hadn't come out to my parents yet. They were all very supportive and said that when the time was right, I would do it. And all three insisted that they would be there to help me with whatever I needed. I thanked them and swiped under my eye before the tear could fall.

After we finished dinner and talking, I exchanged hugs with my new friends. Stuart and I traded phone numbers and then I headed home.

* * *

The next week, Stuart called me and invited me to meet the three of them again for dinner on Saturday.

I arrived at the restaurant on Saturday just after Stuart and Darrell. When Darrell went to the restroom, Stuart leaned in close.

"What do you think of Dominic?" he asked quietly.

"He's nice."

"'Nice'?"

"Yeah. And he's hot," I said with a blush and a giggle.

"So you do like older guys then?"

"I've never been with an older guy before -- I mean, I've only been with, you know. But I have always been attracted to older guys... like Dominic."

"Nic is very dominant. He likes younger, submissive guys."

I wanted to ask him more, but Darrell returned to the table and Dominic arrived at the same time.

Throughout dinner, I caught Dominic staring intently at me a couple of times and I would blush and look down.

I thought of what Stuart said. Dominic likes younger, submissive guys. The more I thought about it, the more I realized that was definitely me. That was what I felt when I was around him. I wanted to please Dominic.
