 A few years ago, when I was just returning home from college, I was hanging out with one of my old high school friends at my place. He and I used to be pretty tight before we ended up heading off to separate schools, him in Texas and me in Michigan. My friend, Joe, had come over with a case of beer and a pile of movies. We used to stay up all night when we were kids watching bad horror movies and making fun of how corny they were. That was one tradition we vowed to keep when we came home from college each year. From a quick glance at the top of the stack, it looked like another selection of cheesy horror flicks, now in DVD form instead of VHS. 

Joe walked over and popped in a movie, then walked over and plopped down on the couch and ripped open the case of beer. He tossed me one, and we kicked back and starting drinking. The horror movie wasn't that great. In fact, it was pretty lame. But, the highlights of it, like most horror movies, were the brief sex scenes with partial nudity. A couple of those scenes had happened through the movie. Each time, Joey and I just sat there, watching. I could feel my own dick harden at the scene, and I tried to push my beer can in my crotch to keep it down.

The night went on, and we popped in another movie. By now we were both feeling pretty buzzed, laughing at pretty much all the scary parts instead of being afraid. And when the sex scenes in this movie started, I again felt my dick start to rise. I was having enough of this getting excited and not being able to do anything about it, so I sat my beer down and was getting ready to go to the bathroom to release the hounds when I looked over and saw Joey fixated on the screen, a beer in one hand, and his dick in another.

I don't know if he noticed me looking at him or not, but he kept stroking his dick throughout the scene. He started to pick up pace, but before he could finish, the scene ended. That was enough to snap his attention back a little, and he looked over and saw me gaping at him. "Oh, sorry, dude." He moved to tuck his penis back in his pants.

"Couldn't wait, huh?" I teased.

"Nah, man." Joey took another swig off his beer. "I hate waiting. Sorry about that."

"No problem," I consoled. "I was just about to get up and do the same thing. Only… er… a little more privately."

"Shit, man," Joe said, "you don't need to go anywhere. We're buds. We can whip out our dicks and jack off together."

"Excuse me?"

"Yeah, man. Come on."

"Joe," I looked at him bewildered. "Umm… what exactly have you been doing down there in Texas?"

"Shut up, man." Joe glared at me. "I'm just talking about a little release for ourselves. We don't have to do anything. Look," Joe reached down into his stack of movies and pulled out another DVD, this one with a little more colorful on the box than the others. He handed it to me.

I took the DVD and read, "Real Squirters #16. Man, you got a thing for lousy porn?"

"Hey, it gets the job done," he shrugged.

I took another swig off my beer, and felt my dick move slightly as I turned the DVD over to see some screenshots from the movie on the back. "Okay," I decided. "Sure. Let's do it."

I walked over to the DVD player and stopped the horror flick, and popped in the porn flick instead. I went back over to the couch. Joey already had his dick out. I eyed it tentatively, then sat down on the couch and pulled mine out as well.

The movie started, and it wasn't long before it was into a heavy porn scene. The quality of video was bad, but it was enough to get us going. I looked over, and Joe had already begun to jerk on his cock. I shrugged and started to do the same. We sat there, slowly stroking our dicks for the next 10 minutes, priming them for whomever the next girl getting her holes filled was going to be. As soon as she popped onto the screen, Joey stood up and pulled his pants and boxers down to his ankles, and sat back down on the couch.

"Hey," I commented, "don't be getting jizz all over the couch." Joe nodded, and started stroking as we watched the movie. In no time at all, I heard Joe's breath getting ragged, and looked over to watch his hand furiously pumping his cock. I noticed for the first time that Joe was fairly well endowed. Jackass. He must've had an 8-inch dick, with some massive girth.

"Jesus," I commented. "You asshole. How'd you get such a big cock?"

Joe smiled at me. "It runs in the family."

"Wow," I muttered.

Joe was back at his massively unfair dick, and I could see him start to arch his body a little bit. In another moment, Joe was grunting out, and a few spurts of cum were shooting from his dick onto the floor. I didn't say anything. While Joe had been watching the movie, I had been watching him. And for some reason, I was getting more turned on. Maybe it was the sounds of the woman's moaning and screaming in the background, or maybe it was something else. But, it didn't matter. As soon as Joe was done and was starting to recover, I was watching the movie again, stroking myself a bit faster so I could have my turn.

I watched as some brunette with pigtails was getting bent over a poolside table, and I closed my eyes as I furiously pumped my cock, listening to her moans. I could feel my semen start to build, that inevitable pressure that builds in the bottom of your shaft. Just as I started to slow my thrusts to help make myself cum more, I felt a hand cover mine and stop me.

My eyes snapped open. "What the hell are you doing?" I asked Joe. He had slid over closer to me on the couch, and had his hand around my hand.

"I thought I might help you, is all." He looked at my dick tentatively.

"What makes you think I'd want your help?"

"Hey. Everyone deserves a good handjob once in a while. Besides, don't want you to get carpal tunnel." I sneered at him, but let go of my dick and shuddered as he closed his sweaty man hands around my cock.

I groaned a little as he squeezed the shaft in his palm. He seemed to know just the right amount of pressure, and he started to slowly stroke me. I turned to watch the TV again, and was rewarded with my brunette beauty having a screaming orgasm, her pussy gushing. Now I knew why it was called Real Squirters. Joe picked up speed as she was cumming, and I could feel my own dick ready to burst. 

"Shit, Joe," I gasped. "I'm cumming."

Joe didn't say anything. Instead, he responded by squeezing my dick a little harder. My eyes lolled shut, and I arched my crotch up into his hand. Just as I was about to cum, I felt Joe's tongue on the very bottom tip of my dick. I opened my eyes in surprise and saw him still jerking me, with his mouth open at the end of my dick, waiting for my cum. I couldn't help myself. I came.

I came so hard, some of my cum actually shot onto his face and not into his waiting mouth. I bucked a few times, and smaller bits of cum squirted out of me onto Joe's tongue. When it was clear that I was spent, Joe closed his mouth and swallowed, then lowered his mouth around my dick to lick it clean.

I panted. "What the fuck are you doing?"

Joey pulled his mouth off my dick and looked up at me. "Giving you your first life changing experience."

"What?"

Joe didn't speak. Instead, he stood up and grabbed his own dick in his hand. "Suck it."

At those words, I felt my own limp dick stir again. I looked up at Joey silently, and he wiggled his dick in front of me like a bat. "Suck it, Mike."

Dutifully, I leaned forward on the couch and placed my hand under his dick, holding it up so I could take it into my mouth. I could taste the sweat and cum on his dick from earlier. And his crotch smelled like sweaty man. He stood there, letting me explore another man's dick for the first time. I tried taking the whole thing into my mouth, but found that I gagged when I tried. Then I tried sucking the tip and stroking the shaft with my hand.

"You suck at this, Mike."

"Shut up. I've never done this before."

"Yeah, but you've had blowjobs before, right?"

"Yeah. So?"

"So, you know what feels good. Do that to me."

I sighed, shaking my head and lowering my mouth back onto his dick. The thing I liked when some experienced girls had given me bj's was when they used their tongue. I always loved the feel of a girl's velvet tongue sliding along the bottom of my shaft as she sucked my dick hard. So that's what I did to Joey. I still couldn't take all of him into my mouth, but I sucked him in as far as I could handle and started to go at his shaft in earnest.

"Better," he moaned.

I could feel Joey put his hand on the top of my head, pulling at my hair and helping me move along his cock. His dick was still a little limp, but the more I sucked, the harder it became. Before long, my whole mouth tasted of penis and sweat, and I felt my own dick starting to harden again.

Joey pulled me off his dick and looked down at me. "Now, get on the couch on your hands and knees."

"What?" I protested. "I'm not doing that."

"You say that now. But you've never tried it. Do it. If you don't like how it feels, I'll stop."

What was I to do? On the one hand, the idea of having another man's dick inside of me seemed so foreign and unnatural. I'd never even imagined being with another guy before. On the other hand, I couldn't deny the way my dick was getting hard, and the way my butt tensed a little when he had started talking about it.

"Okay." I got on my hands in knees on the couch. "I can't believe we're doing this."

"Believe it," Joe replied.

I felt the couch cushions sink a little as Joe climbed behind me, adjusting my butt so it was at the height of his dick.

"There are some people who think that you need to slowly work your way up, stretching your asshole little by little until you're ready to take on bigger things. I think that's crap. The way I learned was to go all the way the first time. Got my ass cherry popped, and popped deep and hard."

My dick throbbed at that. "How long have you been doing this? When was your first time?"

"I was at Jared O'Neil's party…" he began.

"No shit! Jared O'Neil is gay?"

Joe reached forward and smacked me on the head with his palm. "Not gay, you idiot. Do you think this makes you and I gay? Don't think in absolutes. You like girls, and now you're trying things with guys. If anything, you could say you're bisexual. That's what Jared is."

"Oh." Somehow it had never crossed my mind before. I never would have thought that I could be bi. It seemed so… I don't know… alternative and kinky?

Joe started talking again. "We were at Jared's party, and a bunch of us were getting wasted. Jared and I were watching this guy and girl, Tim McKenzie and Lindsay Douglass, going at it hot and heavy on the other couch. They were too into it to know we were even there. Jared reached over and grabbed my crotch. I looked over at him and reached over to grab his. We started rubbing each other, and I remember feeling the bulge of his dick pressed against my palm for the very first time."

I tried to imagine the scene as I sat there on my hands and knees, waiting for my friend to impale me with his dick.

"He and I decided to go upstairs to his parent's room. He said they had some 'supplies' up there. We never really got to use any more than some lube that night, because as soon as we got into the room and shut the door, he pushed me onto the bed and started pulling my pants off. He forced me onto my stomach, spread my cheeks, and shoved himself inside."

At that, Joey grunted as he pushed his own dick inside of me. I screamed. It hurt like Hell. I thought I could feel stuff tearing inside. Joey didn't waste any time, though. Already he was starting to move his dick in and out of me slowly.

I felt tears in my eyes at the pain. Joe didn't say anything, though. He just kept grinding himself inside me. I closed my eyes, and let myself feel his dick sliding in and out of me. I could feel a weird tingling in my dick, and I wanted to reach down and stroke it. I tried to do just that, and as I started to make a few, tentative strokes, I felt my asshole contract and pull Joe tight inside of me. Joe gasped, and I felt him respond by shoving his dick completely inside of me again. That was enough to throw me off balance, so I had to drop my dick and hold onto the arm of the couch for support.

Joe was like a monster now. I don't even know if he knew it was me he was fucking. I looked back over my shoulder as much as I could to watch him. He was blinking slowly, and his whole body was moving as he held my butt with his hands and force fucked me from behind.

He started to grunt and groan.

I felt Joe's pace pick up, and then all the sudden slow as he made probably a dozen slow, hard, deep thrusts inside of me. And that was it. Joe grunted out like a guy getting sucker punched in the gut, and I felt him burst inside of me.

I felt his cum like hot gel, slowly sliding along the inside of my colon. I was panting too. I couldn't believe it. Here I was, my best friend's dick stuffed in my ass, and his cum oozing inside me like in a girl's pussy.

Joe made a few, half-hearted thrusts, and then pulled himself out of me and sat back on the couch. He sat there, panting, and grabbed a drink of my beer before reaching for the DVD remote. "Okay. Now it's your turn."

Joe clicked the play button to restart the DVD. Then he lowered himself onto the floor, getting on his own hands and knees.

As I stood up, I could feel my sore ass burning, but I could also feel Joey's cum slipping down to the entrance of my hole. As I lowered myself to the floor, my dick brushed against Joe's leg, and I felt it grow hard as I pressed it harder against his skin.

I looked up to the TV to watch the opening scene of Real Squirters #16 again, and took my dick in my hand.

As I leaned forward to line my dick up with Joey's as, I wondered if this was a new tradition we were starting. With that thought in mind, I gathered my strength and began to fuck my best friend.