 This story is fictional for entertainment purposes. 

***

"Are you almost here?" I texted out to the two movers I had hired off of Craigslist. 

"Be there in 5." I got back. They're names were Darren and Chris and they seemed the most capable. 

I waited until I finally heard their truck pull up and met them outside. 

"Hey, thanks for helping me out." I greeted them as they hopped out. 

Both of them were pretty similar, about 5'8", thick, muscular bodies, and big hands as we shook hands. Different from me, standing around 6 foot, average build, but smaller and thinner limbs and...elsewhere. 

They got to work very fast and I'm not going to lie, even though I had a girlfriend and usually go for guys taller than me, my pants got tight watching them heave everything with ease. 

Soon we were on the way to my new apartment and they were reversing everything out of the truck. I supplied water and made some lemonade but let them handle the unloading. Eventually I grabbed my phone and texted a friend of mine and sent him "damn, if I wasn't with Ellie right now, I wouldn't mind sandwiching between these moving guys!" 

I didn't get a response by the time they finished shortly after and we were finishing the transaction when they glanced at each other. 

Darren said to me, "Ya know, you should really double check who you text in the future." He said holding up is phone, showing me the text I thought I sent my friend!

I felt my face go beet red as I stammer out an I'm sorry. 

They chuckled and Chris said "No worries, you think you're the only white boy who's shown interest?" I must have looked confused because he continued, "I'd say most of these jobs end up with a white boy showing us what that ass can do." He said looking down at my hip. 

I felt words come back to my dry mouth now that I realized they weren't pissed. "Really, most jobs?"

"Hell yeah, and I really hope you serious." Chris said and I felt his big hand reach around and squeeze my ass. 

"I'm not that much of a tease..." I say smiling. 

"Good, good." Darren said squeezing my other ass cheek. "Well we gonna finish setting up that bed of yours, why don't you get a little comfortable and join us in a couple minutes?" 

"Sure thing." I said biting my lip trying to be cool as I saw them go into my room and shut the door. 

I immediately made over to my suitcase and stripped off my clothes quick and pulled a hot red thong up my legs and tucked my already hard cock into them before making my way to my room. 

I opened the door and "oh my god..." was all I could say. They were both completely nude, muscles and veins on full display with matching cocks, both probably around 9 inches and thick as their torsos. Black cock rings framed the base of their shafts, making their erections that much more pointed!

"Get over here white boy." Darren said and I made my way over. Immediately their hands were all over me. I'd never felt more glorified as they ran their hands up and down the outside, inside of my thighs, over my ass, my lower back, upper back and shoulders. 

I felt Chris slap the underside of my butt. "Uh oh, Houston we got a jiggler! I love me a jiggly white booty!" He said as I blushed. 

Chris kept feeling up my ass and around my thighs as I leaned over to kiss Darren. His powerful tongue pushed into my mouth and I moaned into his kiss. "That's it white boy, get into it." Chris said behind me. 

Darren broke our kiss and Chris took his place at my lips. I felt Darren kiss down my neck and shoulders to my chest and I gasped when his tongue started to circle my right nipple. I have very sensitive nipples. "White boy is sensitive I guess!" He said as he switched to my other nipple, but started pinching and twisting the other wet one. 

This went on for a few minutes until my nipples were rock hard. I reached down and grabbed their stiff cocks and slowly stroked them as we made out. 

"Time for white boy to put that throat to use." Chris said as they sat down on the edge of my bed. I knew what they wanted and kneeled between them. Keeping a hand on each of their cocks, I started to lean each way, sucking on their heads. I glanced up and they were kissing while i alternated between their full heavy cocks. I worked them slowly into my throat, getting maybe 3/4 of the way down now on each switch. 

Chris suddenly stopped their kiss and stood up, "I can't take this white boy he's too much!" He pulled my head onto his shaft and started to fuck my mouth. All I could do was put my hand on his big thighs and relax my throat as he fucked my face. I heard Darren tell me to get ready seconds before Chris's cock swelled and he pumped a massive load after load into my throat. He gripped my hair and held me tight while his orgasm expired then let me gasp for air. 

Before I could get a breath, Darren was pulling me onto his lap and lubing his cock up. I felt him tug my thong to the side and lift me and slide into my ass. Fuck it took a minute but I was seated on his lap, grinding soon after. He was pinching and sucking my nipples this whole time until he stood up, lifting me with him! He started to fuck me mid air and as he growled that he was gonna breed my white ass, I felt my own orgasm shoot through me

My legs shook and I soaked the front of my thong while he filled my ass up. 

We laid down and he slipped out and I went to clean up. I came back to them kissing and still rock hard! "I knew you two wouldn't be satisfied after one round!" I said sliding in between them.

"Hell no white boy, big black cocks fuck you proper!" I moaned at the prospect of another round as we all kissed. This time Chris started kissing down my body, he yanked my panties off and threw them to the side. I kept kissing Darren as I felt him spread my legs, cover my cock with one whole hand and then lean down to start eating my ass out! Damn his tongue was magic. I was squirming and was getting really close to cumming again. 

"Please fuck me, fuck my white ass with that big black cock! I wanna cum with you inside of me!" I cried out. I flipped onto all fours and I felt him get in position behind me, Darren lay in front of me and let me suck his cock while I felt Chris push into me. I moaned out loudly around Darren's thick cock while Chris started to long stroke me. My orgasm wasn't long behind and I came all over my bed and myself. 

Chris really started pounding then, my ass shaking and quaking as he drilled me. "Ah yeah fuck take this BBC you little white slut." He moaned behind me and I just moaned back around a mouth full of cock until he started to cum in my too. I moaned as he fucked me til his cock slid out, finally subsiding and I lowered down to a prone position to finish sucking Darren off. It didn't take long with his view down at my well fucked ass to down deep in my belly. 

I swallowed his cum and we lay together laughing at how hot the situation was. We kissed some more and then I jerked both of them off one more time before they said they had to run to another job but, "They were gonna remember where my ass was at!"