 Standing on a dirt road in the middle of no where, Andy and Al continued to kiss and fondle one another. For Al, this was the night he had been waiting for since he first learned that Andy was bisexual. Al had thought about many different ways to encourage Andy to take the first step towards sexual freedom, and often masturbated thinking about being Andy's first real male lover. 

For Al, masturbation had, unfortunately, become routine. His wife would frequently insist that Al ensure she was sexually satisfied, and shortly after having an orgasm, fall promptly asleep. The frustration of being sexually ignored left Al to finish the job himself. While he cannot remember when he first began masturbating to the thought of being with Andy, Al certainly remembers that it is a frequent fantasy that usually ensures he ejaculates fairly quickly. Dominating Andy, forcing him to accept his sexuality, and feeling his mouth wrapped warmly around Al's cock was always a sure fire way to have an explosive orgasm. For Al, tonight would be a fantasy come true.

He scouted out many areas before deciding on this particular location. Al liked the fact that it was fairly secluded. He also liked the fact that there appeared to be fairly fresh tracks in the dirt, which indicated that someone travels the road periodically. This appealed to Al's risky side. He imagined what it would be like to see Andy naked on his knees giving Al a blow job when someone drove by. He also knew that the dark night would alert him to approaching cars, which made the public location an ideal spot to get the adrenaline rush of public sex, while affording a degree of safety.

Al planned this day for a long time. He often started heading towards the location, but butterflies in his stomach kept him from taking Andy all the way. The friendship the two shared was very intense. Al did not want to jeopardize losing Andy as a friend, and secretly hoped to make him his long term bisexual partner. 

As Andy kissed Al, he felt Al's tongue brush lightly on his lips. Instinctively, Andy parted his lips and allowed Al's tongue to explore his mouth. The thought of kissing another man is not something Andy really entertained, but feeling Al's lips press against his, and experiencing the intimacy of tongues touching was sensually erotic. This, coupled with the fondling of Al's cock and the feeling of Al's hand as it caressed his rock hard dick, made Andy at ease. Andy sensed that he was so comfortable with Al that he would do anything Al asked.

Al slowly moved one hand to Andy's head and pushed him down towards his knees. "You owe my cock a kiss" said Al. Andy pressed his face to Al's pants and lightly kissed his jeans. "Oh, a smart ass" said Al. "For that, now you are going to have to suck my cock." Andy glanced at Al with a look that conveyed insecurity. Before he protested, Al said "don't worry, with a little practice, you will become an excellent cocksucker." "Make that my personal cocksucker," Al added.

Andy reached tentatively and began to undo Al's belt. He noticed for the first time that Al had a medium sized belt buckle with a bucking bull. For a moment, Andy thought about what it would be like to be ridden by Al. This thought made his cock stiffen and his ass ache.

As he began unbuttoning Al's pants, Andy contemplated what Al's cock would look like. While he would not admit it, Andy had, on more than one occasion, thought about how nice it would be to see Al's cock. Now and then, he caught glimpses of the bulge in Al's jeans and found himself staring at the bulge and temporarily day dreaming of being Al's gay lover. Andy never imagined he might actually get to touch it, much less taste Al's cock. He was cautiously slow with the act of freeing Al's cock to the night air, hoping to memorize every moment so that he could masturbate as he replayed it in his mind later.

Andy's wife preferred a clean shaved look. So, every Sunday, he would diligently shave the hair from his pubic area. He worried that if Al decided to make him show his cock, Al would laugh because Andy did not have any hair around his pubic area or on his cock or balls. As he slowly unzipped Al's pants, Andy first saw the gorgeous head of Al's penis glistening with pre-cum. Without thinking, Andy licked the pre-cum from Al's cock head. He felt Al's cock stiffen at his tongue's touch and pulled Al's pants down to his knees and eagerly slid Al's cock into his mouth. Andy imagined that Al's cock must be at least 8 inches long, and he instinctively began to suck Al's cock, savoring every inch. 

As he sucked Al's cock into his mouth, Andy ran his tongue along the underside of his shaft. When he pulled back, he put firm pressure on the shaft with his tongue and slowly sucked, trying to milk every ounce of pre-cum out of Al's throbbing dick. Andy began to fondle Al's balls and noticed that they felt smooth. As he admired the feel of Al's balls and the taste of his cock, Andy noticed that Al was also clean shaved. By the looks, Al had recently shaved. This made Andy more comfortable with the thought that Al might want to see him naked.

Andy became more vigorous in his sucking and felt Al's cock stiffen even more. Al rested one hand on Andy's head and helped guide his cock in and out of Andy's mouth. Andy felt Al's breath grow shallower and shallower, and felt his cock grow and harden. Without warning, Al shot his cum into Andy's mouth. Instinctively, Al held Andy's head against his groin as he released wave after wave of cum into Andy's virgin mouth. Andy gazed into Al's eyes as he eagerly swallowed every drop of cum and licked Al's shaft to ensure that no sperm had been wasted. Andy ran his tongue along Al's sensitive head and milked the last drops of sperm from him.

After finishing, Andy began to stand up. Al put his hand on Andy's shoulder and told him to take all of his clothes off.