 "That's nice, Dale," I moaned as he sucked on my neck.

My husband's right hand was between my legs. His wet finger pushed into my ass. My cell phone phone rang and it momentarily distracted me. I glanced at the screen. Damien.

"Shit," I muttered.

"Don't answer it," Dale growled.

I ignored the phone and returned to making out with my husband. A minute later, the phone rang again.

I let out an annoyed sigh. "I'd better answer it or he'll just keep calling back."

"God damn it," Dale mumbled and rolled off me.

I grabbed the phone from the nightstand and answered it. "Hello? What do you want, Damien? It's late and I'm already in bed."

"Mason!" Damien cried.

"What's wrong, Damien?" I asked my sobbing friend over the phone.

"It's... Joseph! He... dumped... me!" he managed through wracking sobs. "He told... me... to... get out!"

"Dame, calm down. Listen, I'll be right there, okay?"

"Hurry, Mason. Please!"

"I'm on my way."

I hung up the phone and sighed. I rolled over and looked at my husband.

"What's wrong with Damien now?" he asked.

"He said that Joseph dumped him and kicked him out."

"He's probably fed up with his drama."

I stroked the little hairs between Dale's pecs. Damien drove Dale crazy, but Dale got along with him for my sake.

"Dale, I know he can be a little bit of a diva, but he's my best friend."

"Mason, you bail him out of situation after situation every time. What does he ever do for you?"

"That's not the point. I've known Damien for over 20 years. Since we were freshman in high school. I'm not going to turn my back on him."

Dale shrugged my hand off him. "Do what you need to do. I'm not gonna argue with you about god damned Damien."

"I'm sorry, Dale. I'll be back in a bit, okay?"

I leaned in and Dale huffed, but then turned and gave me a reluctant kiss.

"Okay," he said. "I'll be here."

I got out of bed and got dressed in sweats and a t-shirt and threw on some sneakers. I sped off in my car to Damien and Joseph's house.

Damien was sitting on his front porch steps when I pulled up. I parked in front and sat down next to him. He had his face buried in his hands. I put my arm around him and he laid his head on my shoulder.

"What happened, Dame?" I asked.

"He dumped me. I..."

Damien started sobbing. I tightened my grip on his shoulder.

"It's okay. We'll talk later. I'm gonna go inside and pack you a bag, okay?"

Damien sniffled and nodded. He wiped his running nose on his sleeve. I rubbed his back and gave him a quick kiss on top of his head. I took a deep breath and stood and knocked on the front door and opened it.

Joseph was sitting at the dining room table drinking a bottle of whiskey. He looked awful. His eyes were bloodshot red.

"Joseph?" I quietly interrupted.

He looked up at me with a blank expression, then turned back down to his bottle.

"I'm gonna pack a bag for Damien. Is that okay?" I asked.

"I don't care," he grumbled without looking up.

I opened my mouth to say something, but I couldn't think of what I could say that would help. I went to their bedroom and grabbed Damien's gym bag. I packed some clothes for Damien and grabbed his toiletries. Joseph continued to ignore me and I went outside and quietly shut the door behind me.

"Come on, Dame," I said as I held out my hand.

He grabbed my hand and pulled himself up.

"Where are we going?" he asked.

"You can stay with us until you figure it out."

Damien sighed and got into the car. I drove home and parked in the garage. Damien followed me inside and I walked him to the guest room. I sat down on the bed and motioned for Damien to sit with me.

"What happened, Dame?"

"I fucked up. I... I don't want to talk about it."

Damien's eyes began to water and he sniffled and shook his head.

"Please don't ask me, Mase," he whispered.

"Okay. Why don't you get some rest?"

I gave him another hug and I helped him strip down to his t-shirt and boxer briefs. I got him into the bed and pulled up the covers and tucked him in. He turned away from me and his body shook as he started crying again. I rubbed his back for a little while until he fell asleep. I got up and shut the guest room door behind me and returned to my room. Dale turned on the lamp on his nightstand and sat up on his elbows.

"What happened?" he asked.

"I'm not sure," I said with a sigh. "He just said he fucked up. Joseph was really upset and was getting drunk."

"How long is he staying for?"

"I don't know."

I pulled off my clothes and crawled over Dale and got under the covers. I scooted up to Dale and wrapped my right arm around his torso.

"He's really messed up," I said. "I've never seen him this bad."

"Babe, I don't mind if he stays here a few days, but I'm not going to put up with his shit. You'd better tell him."

"Dale, please. He won't be any trouble. I promise. Okay?"

Dale let out an exasperated sigh. I leaned in and kissed his neck and up his jaw to his chin. He turned and kissed me. His kisses quickly escalated and he pushed me onto my back and started to move on top of me.

"Mm-mmm," I said as I pushed back on his chest.

"What's wrong?"

"Not with Damien here," I said.

"God damn it," he mumbled. "The Spawn's been here 20 minutes and he's already in the fucking way."

Dale often called Damien 'the Spawn', as in the 'Spawn of Satan'. Dale said he was evil just like his namesake from the movie 'The Omen'.

"I'm sorry, Dale. I just don't think we should make love with Damien in the house. I don't want him to hear, especially in his state."

I kissed his chest and ran my hand down his smooth stomach. I tickled his neatly trimmed pubes, then wrapped my hand around his fat cock.

"That doesn't mean I'm not going to take care of you," I whispered.

I kissed my way down his muscular chest and his flat stomach. I swirled my tongue around the head of his dick and wrapped my lips around him. I took his thick, cut, six inches into my mouth all the way down to his pubes.

"Oh fuck, babe... Nice and slow... Yeah... suck it for me..."

I swirled my tongue all over him as I slowly bobbed up and down, sucking gently but firmly. I went all the way up to the head and down to the root nice and slow, just like he liked it. I massaged his balls with my right hand as I worked him with my mouth. 

"I'm gonna blow, babe. Oh god, here it comes..."

Dale's hand moved to the back of my head and he began thrusting erratically up into my sucking mouth.

"I'm coming, babe!"

Dale groaned and his dick began pulsing. His semen oozed out in thick spurts and I swallowed as my mouth filled. When he was finished, I swallowed once more. Dale was breathing heavy as I moved and laid up next to him. He grabbed the back of my head and kissed my forehead. He let out a deep breath.

"Thanks," he said contentedly.

I chuckled. "You're welcome. Let's get some sleep. I gotta be at work early tomorrow. I got a meeting in the morning. I love you, Dale."

"Love you, babe."

We kissed each other goodnight and rolled over. Dale was out like a light, which was his usual behavior after sex. I laid there for a while with my eyes closed.

Dale was such a great guy. I was really lucky to have him in my life. We've been together for six years. We got married in Massachusetts three years ago and things have been great.

I sometimes wonder how I was able to land a guy like Dale. He's so handsome and athletic. Dale is a little older than me; he's 39 and I'm 36. He's two inches taller than me at 6'2", but he's much more muscular, whereas I am built thin and lean. We both have dark brown hair and brown eyes. Dale keeps his short and professional since he is a lawyer. My job as an IT project manager allows me a little more freedom. I wear my hair longer, down to my shoulders. I also have a nice bit of hair on my chest and a treasure trail from my belly button to my groin.

Dale says that I look like 'Chuck' from the TV show. I'm not sure if that's a compliment or not.

***

When the alarm clock went off in the morning, I kissed Dale and climbed over him and shuffled into our bathroom. I pissed and then brushed my teeth while waiting for the shower to warm up.

Dale came in and stood at the toilet pissing. He yawned and stretched, then followed me into the shower stall.

"You gotta work late again tonight?" he asked as we washed up.

"I don't want to, but probably. Once this project gets going, things will get better. I just have a lot of work to do in the planning stage."

"Yeah, yeah. I know. Oh, don't forget I'm hosting the game this week."

Dale and his buddies played poker every week. It was an excuse to drink and smoke cigars and be obnoxious. I usually tried to avoid it.

"Don't worry, I'll be out of the way," I said. "And I'll make sure to take Damien with me."

"Good. Let me get your back."

Dale turned me around and began washing my back. As soon as he touched me, I knew what he was really after and I smiled.

His soapy hands slowly stroked up and down my back, caressing instead of washing.

"My ass needs washing, too," I whispered and gave him a sly grin as I pushed back against him.

Dale moved closer and wrapped his arms around me. He pressed his hard cock into my ass crack and began sliding it up and down. He kissed my shoulder and up my neck. He licked my ear lobe and flicked his tongue along my outer ear, causing my body to shudder. My dick was now at full attention, standing straight up against my stomach.

Dale's hand moved between my legs. A soapy finger pushed into my hole, quickly followed by a second finger. He slid the fingers in and out, stretching them and twisting them.

I whimpered and laid my head back against him. "Dale..."

"Hold on, babe."

Dale pushed my shoulders forward and I reached out and braced my hands against the shower wall. He tapped my legs further apart with his foot. He lined up his dick against my ass, then gave a firm push. I grunted at the momentary shock of his entry. He held completely still while he kissed along my back. He moved my hair to the side and kissed the back of my neck.

When the pain started to fade, I pushed out with my muscles and leaned back slightly, causing him to slide further into me another inch. Dale groaned loudly. His left hand moved to the shower wall on top of mine. His right hand moved around my torso and slid up and grabbed onto my left shoulder. He started moving slowly, sliding in and out.

"You feel so fucking good, baby," he moaned in my ear.

Dale pumped in and out of me faster and harder. He held me to his body with his strong arm. I looked up at our left hands. He locked his fingers between mine and squeezed my hand. I stared at our matching gold wedding bands as I pushed back against his thrusting body.

"Fuck me, Dale," I panted.

Dale's mouth moved up to the base of my neck on my right side. He nipped the sensitive skin with his teeth, then sucked it into his mouth. He clamped down and sucked hard. His hips slapped loudly against my body. He hammered into me hard and fast. I could feel his body tensing and I knew he was getting close. His right hand slid down my body and wrapped around my throbbing, dripping dick. He pumped his hand on my dick in rhythm with his hips and I couldn't hold back.

My body trembled and I gasped as ropes of hot come flew out of my dick and splattered against the shower wall. Dale grunted into my neck and his hips jerked as he came inside me. I could feel his dick throbbing and I felt the warm liquid spurting and oozing out of me. It ran down my leg as he pulled back and pulled his dick out of me.

He laid his forehead on my back as he tried to catch his breath. He let out a deep breath and stood up. He put his arms around me and pulled me up to him. My legs trembled as I let go of the wall and stood upright. I turned around and kissed him. Our tongues met in the middle as we slowly kissed.

"Fuck. That was hot, babe," he said.

"Yeah. I need a nap."

We both chuckled and gave our bodies another quick once over with the washcloth. We got out of the shower and dried off and got ready for work. While Dale went to the kitchen to make the coffee, I knocked on the guest bedroom door.

"Come in."

I opened the door to find Damien sitting up on the bed.

"Hey, Dame."

I sat down next to him and took his hand. He looked like shit. Well, he looked like shit for Damien. Damien was perfect. He was stunningly gorgeous. He could be a male model. He had wavy blond hair and blue eyes. He had a ripped body. While I worked my ass off to just stay lean, he would coast through his workouts. No amount of crunches would give me abs like he had. I always felt inadequate around him. Hanging out with him in high school and then college, he always got all of the attention while I stood in the shadows behind him. Every once in a while, one of the guys would notice me. Usually what happened was a hot guy would flirt with Damien and his not as hot friend would end up stuck with me.

Of course, Damien knows exactly how hot he is. He can be a bit full of himself at times.

As close as we are, Damien and I have never had sex. Once when we were drunk in college, we made out and there was some over-the-clothes touching, but that was as far as it went. The thought of it actually creeps me out. It'd be like having sex with a brother. Eww.

"You gonna go to work today?" I asked.

He shrugged. "I guess so."

"If you want to take the day off and hang out here... maybe that'd be a good idea."

"No. I should just go in."

"Do you want to tell me what happened?"

"He caught me," he whispered. His eyes looked at me and then looked down. "He caught me cheating on him."

"Oh, Damien. Again?"

Damien pushed my hand away. "I don't need you to judge me!"

"I'm not judging you."

"I just couldn't help it, Mase," he whined. "This guy... He checked into my hotel and he was so freaking hot. He's an actor. Well, he's going to be. He kept flirting with me... and we... we fucked. Anyway. Joseph saw the texts he sent me."

I couldn't believe that Damien threw away yet another great relationship for a quick fuck. Joseph put up with all of Damien's bullshit for the past two years. That was the longest relationship Damien's ever had. I actually thought that Joseph might tame Damien's wild ways, but I guess not.

Damien had a track record of cheating on his boyfriends. He also wasn't above stealing other people's boyfriends.

Back in college, I met a great guy and we really hit it off. He liked me for me, not because he wanted to get to Damien. Ted and I dated for over six months when he suddenly broke up with me. Less than a week later, he started dating Damien. To this day, Damien adamantly denies that they cheated behind my back, but I know when he's lying. I was so angry with Damien. He could have anyone he wanted, why did he have to take my Ted? Ted wasn't even his type. Ted was a bear. Damien didn't like bears. But he liked big dicks and I made the mistake of telling him that Ted was hung really thick.

I didn't talk to Damien for over a month. That was the longest we had ever gone apart from each other. But when Damien got caught with yet another guy, Ted dumped him. Damien called me sobbing. I did what best friends do. I forgave Damien for stealing my boyfriend and held him while he cried.

I looked down at my watch.

"Dame, I gotta go," I said. "We can talk more when I get home. You can stay here as long as you need, okay? But you have to promise to be nice to Dale."

"Okay. Thanks, Mase. You're my best friend in the whole world. No one understands me like you do."

"I know, Dame. Me, too."

He pulled me in and hugged me while he cried on my shoulder. I hugged him and rubbed his back until he got himself together.

"I'll see you tonight," I said.

I patted his shoulder and got up and went to the kitchen. I poured a cup of coffee and joined Dale at the table.

He looked up from the newspaper and pulled off his glasses.

"So, what's up?"

"I told him he could stay as long as he needed to."

I could see Dale grinding his teeth, but I didn't say anything.

"So what happened this time?" he asked. "He get caught cheating again?"

I nodded. Dale shook his head. He put his glasses back on and returned to reading the paper while he sipped his coffee.

I quickly finished up my cup and grabbed my leather briefcase.

"I gotta go," I said. I leaned down and gave Dale a quick kiss.

"Bye, babe."

***

The week went better than I thought it would. Damien toned his diva behavior down quite a bit so that he wouldn't piss off Dale. Dale went off on Damien once over leaving shoes in the middle of the floor, but otherwise they got along okay. There were a few times that Dale bit his tongue and wanted to say something to Damien, but he didn't.

Friday night, Dale's friends came over for poker night while Damien and I got ready to go to the movies.

Before the guys arrived, I helped Dale lay out the snacks in the back sunroom where the poker table was set up.

Dale gave me a kiss. "Thanks, babe."

He gave me another kiss and whispered in my ear. "And thanks for taking the Spawn with you."

"Don't call him that," I giggled. "I love you."

"Love you, babe."

"Hey, hey! There'll be none of that kissing shit on Man Night," Lew said with a chuckle.

I looked up as Dale's best friend, Lewis, walked in with a case of beer. Lew was a straight, married guy. They were college roommates and became best friends, even after Dale came out. Lew is tall, with a little bit of a beer belly. He's got spiky blond hair and hazel eyes. Lew's a nice guy. He was Dale's best man in our wedding. He's got three kids, two girls and a boy, ages 12, 9, and 6. His wife is kind of a bitch, though. I guess I would be too if I had to take care of three kids. We don't hang out with her.

Dale and Lew's other best friend, Alex arrived next. Alex is a big guy. His dad was Hispanic, so he has those dark and handsome good looks. He was a rugby player in college, then joined the Army. After he got out, he got a job in corporate IT. Sitting around a computer all day, he kind of got fat, but he's been going back to the gym and is slowly turning his fat to muscle. Alex has black hair, which he still keeps cut in a military crew cut. He also wears a beard, which he keeps trimmed short as well. Alex says he's bisexual. When I first met him, he was dating a guy. Then he starting dating a woman. He and Susie had a baby, then they got married. The marriage lasted less than a year. I guess their son is about two years old now. Dale was Alex's best man at the wedding. Dale predicted back then that they would never last, though he had enough sense to not tell Alex that.

The last of the group, Tom and Rick, showed up as Damien and I were getting ready to leave. Rick was a hot California surfer dude, while his boyfriend Tom was a tall and muscular black man.

Damien took one look at Rick and went into full flirt mode.

"Ooh, maybe we should stay here, Mase," Damien said.

Damien flitted over to Rick and began massaging his shoulders.

Dale shot me a dirty look. Tom gave Rick a raised eyebrow.

"Thanks, dude, but the table's full," Rick said as he moved his hands off him.

"Aww," Damien pouted and poked out his bottom lip.

Alex looked at me and rolled his eyes and I smiled and shrugged. Dale made a head motion for me to get Damien out of here.

"Come on, Dame," I said. "We're gonna be late. Bye, guys. Have fun."

By the time Damien and I got back from the movies, the poker game had finished. Dale, Lew and Alex were sitting around the table drinking whiskey and smoking cigars and talking shit.

"Where's Rick?" Damien asked.

"He's gone home. With his boyfriend. Tom. You know, the muscular black guy that is going to beat the shit out of you," Dale said.
