 My name's Jake. When I was 19, I volunteered at a support group over the summer as a way to kill time and get some experience outside of college courses. I had a vague idea of where I wanted to be after college - hospitality, counseling...maybe something healthcare related? My major was still undeclared after my freshman year, so I thought this might help give me more direction. On top of that, I had an odd fascination (let's call it a fetish) with pregnant dudes.

I drove to an estate in the Hollywood Hills one morning. I double-checked the brochure in my hand to make sure I was at the right place. "The Nest - A support group for pregnant fathers." This was still a new thing at the time. It had been about five years since the restrictions on stem cell research had been lifted by the federal government, but in that short amount of time the amount of research produced and new therapies unveiled had been enormous.

Before I get into too much detail about The Nest, I should probably give a little more background on the science involved. Obviously, men are unable to conceive and carry a fetus within their own bodies without a little outside interference. Prior to the restrictions being lifted on stem cell research, doctors had attempted various methods of transplanting wombs into males, either as artificial creations or live organs from females of the same or closely-related species. Some were successful with test animals, but the results didn't generalize to other mammalian species. That line of research dropped pretty quickly. The artificial uterus had a much higher success rate, but was prohibitively expensive and would take decades of refinement to get right with the limited amount of funding available. On top of that, most guys who wanted to carry a child weren't comfortable with the idea of becoming cyborgs.

That all changed when stem cells became readily available. Coupled with bioengineering and gene therapy, researchers were able to give test species the necessary organs in just a few months. On top of that, they were able to make those organs work harmoniously with the rest of the animal's body (something that prior lines of research had struggled with indefinitely). It wasn't long before human trials became a thing, and not long after that, womb transplant services started popping up all over the east and west coasts of the United States.

Of course, other therapies outside of male pregnancy grew just as quickly. Diseased and dying organs could be easily replaced. One's looks could be easily modified without resorting to plastic surgery. Even the body mod freaks had doctors ready to cater to their needs. Want a prehensile dick? Want TWO prehensile dicks? Want to be a hermaphrodite? Six boobs? Teeth in your vagina? The amount of crazy shit I'd seen online blew my mind.

I didn't realize it at that time, but in retrospect I was grateful that I got to live through that period of history.

I was just a fairly average, if a little gay, 19 year old looking for some extracurricular experience.

I walked up the long driveway and marveled at the beautiful landscaping and architecture of the place. I rang the doorbell and was greeted by a tall, handsome guy in his late 30's.

"You must be Jake," he said with a grin, and we shook hands. "I'm Dr. Stevens. Come on in."

The inside of the place was as extravagant as the outside. Dr. Stevens took me on a tour throughout the different rooms of the house while we talked. Most were bedrooms, but a few on the ground floor were filled with monitors and lab stuff - very scientific.

"I realize this whole thing is a little out of the ordinary. Please, I'm happy to address any questions you have."

I struggled to pick just one of the many thousand that were flying through my brain.

"Well...I read the brochure, but I'm still a little confused. What exactly do you do here?"

He chuckled. "We do it all, Jake. If a couple comes in and the guy wants to get pregnant, we take care of that. As you might expect, most of the couples who come here are gay. Some men who arrive have already had the womb implantation procedure, but most are totally new to this whole thing. Other guys come here because they're carrying and want a safe space to be with similar individuals. We also offer long-term housing. After the babies are born, we offer neonatal support services and healthcare."

I nodded, trying to wrap my head around it all. "That's much different than what I was expecting. I thought this was a place were pregnant dudes come once a week to air out their problems." His laughter had me smiling, and I was finally a little more at ease with all of this. "So how do people afford this?"

"Some of my clientele are pretty well off. For those who can't afford everything, I take care of most of the expenses in exchange for their consent in my research. No, I'm not a mad scientist or anything like that. A lot of these findings are still very new and not every patient goes through the same treatment plan. There are new treatment methods emerging almost weekly, so we test those out and document the findings. I promise that it's all safe and ethical - we're regularly audited, so I couldn't get away with anything evil even if I wanted to." He said that last part with a devious grin and then winked at me. "That research secures all of the funding that allows me to keep running this place. Not a bad deal, if you ask me."

We finished our tour of the house before he led me to the backyard. "Let's introduce you to some of our residents."

The yard was not disappointing and was what you might expect for the area. The pool looked very appealing after stepping into the bright sun, but I might have been drawn by the three obviously pregnant guys floating around there.

"Come on out, guys," Dr. Stevens said. "I want to introduce you to Jake. He's interested in doing an internship here for the summer." They excitedly hurried out of the pool to meet me.

"Hi, Jake. I'm Tyler." We shook hands. Tyler was 6'1", maybe a few years older than me, and had some lean muscle on his frame. His gut stuck out and he carried it proudly. He was definitely cute.

"Hey there!" the next one said. "I'm Ted. Nice to meet ya." Ted was about 5'10" and solidly built, with a shaved head, graying beard, and a thin layer of body hair to match. I guess you could call him a muscle bear. He seemed to be in his early 40's. He had a kind face and was extremely handsome. I couldn't help but notice how the wet sheen accented his musculature and swollen belly. Thank God I was wearing sunglasses.

The third guy stepped forward. "Nice to meet you, Jake. I'm Rob." Rob was in his 30's and looked like your average Joe except for the massively swollen belly sticking out far from his frame. He had a pretty average face too. Not that he wasn't attractive, but that he wouldn't stand out from most guys his age. Again, I was thankful for my glasses because I couldn't stop staring at his gut. He looked ready to pop.

"Tell these guys a little about yourself," Dr. Stevens suggested. I struggled to come up with anything interesting because the blood that should have been going to my brain was instead making my dick hard at the sight of these three wet, pregnant men in swim trunks. I talked about college and how I hadn't declared a major yet. It was a typical, boring response and I instantly hated myself for it. They didn't seem to mind, though.

"He's cute," said Ted. "I approve!" He winked at me and I grinned like an idiot in response. At least I felt a little better. The others chuckled.

The guys talked about themselves for a bit.

"So I'm actually a surrogate," Tyler said. "It's a good way to pay for school. I'm about four months along now and it's definitely not as bad as I was expecting. Stevens takes good care of us!" He smiled at the doctor. "This is my first baby, but if they're all this easy, I'll probably do it again."

"You can probably tell I'm expecting very soon," Rob volunteered. "My wife is a surgeon and I'm planning to be a stay-at-home dad, but it's easier to live here until I deliver. He rubbed the sides of his belly as if to ease an ache.

"And I'm a software developer, but I can work from pretty much anywhere," Ted answered. "I'm six months in and excited to be carrying twin girls."

"Let's hope they don't turn into queens like their dad," Tyler joked.

"Oh, whatever, bitch," Ted fired back with a grin, and twisted one of Tyler's nipples. We all had a good laugh.

"Well, guys, I have a few more things to discuss with Jake, but hopefully you'll all be seeing him again soon." They waved their goodbyes and returned to their pool floats while Dr. Stevens led me back inside.

"So. What do you think?" he asked.

"I think...that I'll really enjoy interning here. They seem like a lot of fun." His face lit up at my response.

"Great! I'm sure you'll fit right in. Let's go to my office and we'll discuss what you'll actually be doing here."

The internship was going to be work, for sure, but not anything difficult. I would be expected to help with a lot of the research aspects of the job. That meant I was going to get very familiar with the lab equipment I'd seen in addition to filling out charts and summarizing data for Dr. Stevens' research. I would also be helping the guys with general comfort - after all, pregnancy is much easier and more successful when you have someone to help you out. I was relieved to know that I wouldn't have to do any cleaning since there were maids for that, but I might need to help out with cooking every now and then.

I signed the paperwork with excitement and agreed to move in the following week.

It was difficult to concentrate on the road as I drove back to the dorms. My mind was consumed with erotic thoughts of the three guys I'd just met and I couldn't wait to find out more about the "general comfort" part of my job duties.

The dorms were pretty dead when I got back - not many students lived there during the summer. I had the bathroom all to myself, and I jerked off in the shower while imagining all sorts of weird fantasies involving Ted, Rob, and Tyler.

I had trouble falling asleep that night and wished that I didn't have to wait a week to go back to the mansion.