 The add said, "wanted, Houseboy willing to work hard in exchange for room and board and martial arts training. Live in only."

I had come to Japan for two reasons, one I wanted to learn the ancient art of Ninjutsu from a true master and I was extremely attracted to stocky, muscular Japanese men. I had a fantasy of being a slave to my sensei in every sense of the word. This add stood out for me in it's simplicity and directness. I hoped to be this man's slave and I would do everything to seduce him, once I got the job. The ad said to come to the house between 4 AM and 5 Am.

It was really early, but I was used to these hours, training my body and mind to get up before the sun, was part of the martial arts ethos and I had been training on my own for years. I was 30 years old, lost and disenchanted with the Western world and looking for a simple life filled with amazing submissive sex. 

I arrived early at 3:45 and waited outside the house. It was a simple home, a bungalow in the classical Japanese style, and yet very clean, with beautiful gardens in the front and high walls and trees around the house. It was secluded and private. I sat on the ground in front of the home in the lotus position I had perfected through intensive hot yoga sessions and waited, meditating on my new journey. At 4:00 AM, I stood and walked slowly towards the door. I was the only one here, in the pitch dark of night, and although centered from meditation, I was very nervous. 

I knocked gently on the door out of respect for the master and his home and as was the custom retreated back away from the doorstep. I bowed my head in submission and waited. Right away the door opened slowly, creaking as though it were made of extremely dense and heavy wood. I waited head down and dared not look until told. 

"I see you are on time. This is a good sign. Lift your head and let me see you."

I raised my head slowly to behold the most impressive man I had ever seen. Mr Nakamura, was about 5'8'' tall, sleek black hair, cut short to his head, piercing black eyes that seemed to have no end and a powerful physique that seemed to bristle with power. He was wearing traditional Geta shoes and a black and red kimono that displayed thickly muscled calves and exquisitely pedicured toes. He caught me staring and immediately snapped me back to attention.

" A student will never look where he is not told. Keep your eyes on mine or leave now."

I nodded and waited for him to speak. 

"Why are you here?"

"I came to study martial arts. I have studied my whole life and look now to study with a master. I also wish to serve my master in every way."

I watched his face for any change in his look after my subtle hint and there was nothing. It was like a mask. An iron mask, firm, calm and powerful. He gave nothing away.

"The job is demanding, the hours are long and you must be willing to submit to rigorous training and discipline without complaint. I will not tolerate weakness or fools. Do you understand?"

I nodded slowly and waited.

He looked at me for a long time and then, 

"You may stay for one day. I will determine then if you can have the job. Once you enter this door, only I can let you leave. If you try to leave without permission, it will not go well for you."

His eyes bored into me as he waited for a response, I instinctively knew, it was now or never and I had to respond quickly. I was deeply attracted to his eyes and his mystery and I was already fantasizing about his powerful physique lying on top of me, making me his prisoner, a captive of his loins and immense thighs that pushed out tightly against his silken komono. I nodded yes and waited the next instructions. He looked at me and said, 

"follow"

He walked into the dimly light doorway and I followed anxiously behind, excited and nervous. As I stepped through the doorway, it shut behind me and I turned with a start to see him standing behind me, an ominous presence who had somehow gotten behind me without me even seeing him move. I had heard that masters of ninjitsu could move without sound or being seen and I was astonished at his stealth. He walked by me and I fell in behind him. We walked into a room with a waterfall, a pool full of colorful koi fish, a bench and a small stream winding through the room. Through the doorway was an incredible dojo, full of ancient and modern weaponry and martial arts equipment. He continued walking through a kitchen into the back of the house. There was a long hallway going along the back of the house and we turned to the right. We stopped at a small bedroom with a small cot and a dressing table and he pointed and simply said, 

"Yours." 

We walked down the hall about ten feet down and stopped at another door. Through the doorway was a huge king size bed, with massive bed posts. He looked back and said, 

"mine."

I nodded and waited for the tour to continue.

We walked around the corner into a large bathroom with a huge bathtub sunk into the floor, a massive shower and two sinks. He turned to me and said, 

"strip"

I looked confused for a second and that was a mistake.

With lightening speed he smacked my face and yelled,

"strip."

My face was stinging from the incredible speed and power and I quickly undressed, slipping out of my Thai Yoga pants and simple shirt. I had briefs on and sandals. I slipped out of both and stood tall before him. I was proud of my body and that was another mistake as I felt a powerful fist slam into my midsection, doubling me over. I bent over gasping and felt his his strong hands grabbing my hair. He pulled my head back sharply and whispered in my ear, 

"Pride is death. A wise man never shows his strength, it lies silent, waiting, like a cobra in the grass."

He released my hair and pushed me back up straight with the palm of his hand. I stood as tall as I could and waited trying not to offend him again. He walked slowly around me, very close but not touching me, observing me like an object, not a human being. He stood in front of me and stared into my eyes for a long time.

Speaking slowly he said,

"You smell like a street rat and have a hairy body like a monkey. Shower and then stand here on this mat and wait for me to return. Clean yourself well."

I was still freaked out by the speed and violence of Mr Nakumura, but also turned on as well. I showered quickly and thoroughly as I didn't want to risk a beating. I stepped out and waited on the mat, cold and dripping wet. He hadn't provided a towel for me. He returned and walked around me again, inspecting me. He was wearing a short black kimono, that displayed his powerful thighs high up on his leg and a smooth,muscular hairless chest, that was revealed by the loosely tied kimono. I waited trembling and too nervous to speak. finally he handed me a towel and said, 

"dry off and meet me in the next room. Be quick."

I finished and walked into the koi room as I came to call it. He was standing there wearing nothing but a silky white thong. His body was a masterpiece, chiseled like hard marble and completely hairless. He had a hunger in his eyes and a look of longing that was really turning me on. I wanted him to fuck me so bad. I think he saw that in my eyes and his expression changed to an angry, penetrating look. 

"You have too much hair. A ninja cannot move silently with all of this hair on his body. It must come off."

I nodded and he walked toward me with a wooden spatula and a jar of what looked like mud/

"This will get rid of all your hair,forever. It is an ancient formula, that will kill your hair for life. Are you ready?"

I nodded and removed my towel.

He walked behind me and started spreading the mud on my back all over and then starting at my ankles, spread it all over the back of my legs, up to the delicate fold, where my ass met my legs. He walked around in front of me and spread the goop all over my chest, armpits and the front of my legs. He still hadn't touch my cock, balls or ass. The concoction burnt a little and the longer it was on the more it burned. I hoped he would finish soon. He walked behind me again and I felt his strong hands, spreading my tight little ass wide so that he could coat my crack and bottom of my balls with this strange crap. He reached under and covered my balls and asshole with this stuff. he then walked around and covered my cock and balls with the goop and finally he was done. He stood before me and watched intently as I squirmed from the now intense burning sensation that had engulfed my entire body. It was getting really hot and uncomfortable. He looked at me and said, 

"five minutes move and you die"

and then walked away. I couldn't believe it. I was already burning up and he walked away from me. I didn't know how I was going to last as my body was on fire. I focused hard on my breathing and tried not to think of the time and the pain wracking my body. It felt like someone was holding a hot torch to my body. 

my balls and ass were on fire and the pain only intensified when I moved. It took every ounce of training and focus not to move while this strange mud burned intensely into my skin. It felt like every molecule in my body was dissolving from the heat and despite my slow breathing and focus on my lotus flower, I began to tremble from the effort it took not to move. 

After what seemed like an eternity, Mr Nakumura walked slowly back into the room. I was standing on a circular mat, in the middle of a round room and he paced slowly around me, as I trembled and shook from the pain and energy draining out of my body. I felt delirium descending and was close to passing out. He stood directly in front of me, so close I could feel his hot breath on my face. He looked deep into my eyes and I stared back focusing on my lotus, trying desperately not to fold. 

"I see your eyes far away, this is good. You must never let pain rule your mind. If it takes your body, your mind will keep you...five more minutes"

He turned and walked away and I shook from the pain and tried not to surrender to the ridiculous torture I was suffering.

I woke up in my cot, tired and heavy limbed. I had no idea what time it was or how I had got here. I only knew one thing, that I had failed and I needed to get up and do something to pay back my master. I forced myself to stand and stretched and began a series of fire breaths to wake myself. I was wearing nothing but a tight, fundoshi wrap of pure white silk and there wasn't a single hair anywhere. I felt my ass and it was silky smooth and sensual to the touch. I liked this feeling. I rushed into my slippers and went out into the hall to find some work to do. I found a broom in the kitchen and began to sweep the whole house. Mr Nakumura was nowhere to be found, so I swept and cleaned the entire house. When I was done, I returned to the circular mat and sat in full lotus waiting for my master's return. 

I was deep in meditation and swimming in a silent stream with large fish, fully in trance and following my vision path. When I felt a presence. I opened my eyes and standing in front of me was my master, smiling at me.

"You chose wisely today. Tomorrow we train, go to sleep."

I began to rise and before I had reached my feet he was gone silently into his room.

I slept soundly and woke before dawn to prepare his food.

I sat at the low table in the kitchen, wearing nothing but the white silk fundoshi from the night before. I washed it before bed and it dried very quickly so that I could wear it again.

I sat in lotus away from the table. I dared not eat or sit at a masters table without invite. He walked in slowly, with a measure lion like grace, wearing his silken white fundoshi and short kimono open to the waist. He had enormous, juicy round balls and a short thick penis, that was clearly outlined in the fundoshi he was wearing. He nodded and motioned for me to join him. We ate in silence. 

"today we begin to train. Join me in 15 mins in the gym. The kitchen will be spotless by then."

He got up and walked away. I watched him walk away his diamond cut calves, and powerful thighs, leading up to a maginificent ass. He had smooth round, muscular buttocks that rippled when he walked. They were firm and sexy and I dreamed of the day when I could cup both of them in my hands and pull those thick nuts into my aching groin and hump his sexy cock. I felt my dick straining against the flimsy material and had an irresistible urge to wank. I didn't think I could last much longer and yet there didn't seem to be anywhere to go to relieve my aching cock. I really wanted to blow in his tough, ninja mouth, but doubted he would let me. 

I cleaned up quickly and hoped to sneak a wank in the bathroom before training. 

I went to to the toilet and unwrapped the fundoshi placing it in a bamboo basket in the bathroom. There were clean, silky white fundoshi strips on the wall to change into. I assumed I would be doing the laundry here as well.

I listened for him and could hear nothing. The thing about a ninja was he could be right behind me, over top, outside the door and I would never hear him. I would have to wank quietly and hope he didn't hear me. I touched my aching cock and instantly felt the heat surge through my body. I arched back and began slowly caressing my balls and underside of my swollen cock. I took my hand and jacked my dick hard, feeling the cum building already inside me. I was trying to control my breath and not make a sound, when suddenly just as I came inside the toilet, the door burst open and he stood glaring at me.

"Get out, street rat"

I dressed as quickly as I could, and rushed out of the bathroom, embarrassed, ashamed and scared.

He was waiting for me in the gym and he was not happy.

He stood in front of a sling that hung from the ceiling of the gym. It had a yoke and leather straps hanging from the yoke and ceiling, four in total. 

He motioned me over towards him.

"Get on your knees."

I went to kneel down about three feet away, when he yelled,

"Here," pointing to the ground directly in front of him.

Walked slowly and bent down on both knees inches away from that magnificent ninja cock.

He stood not speaking for what seemed like 10 mins. Watching me, eyes burning.Finally he spoke

"When I was training, if an apprentice violated himself he would be killed. Luckily for you, the laws prevent such righteous treatment. Your punishment will be more select. Open your mouth."

I opened my mouth and waited.

"Undoe my strap and take me into your mouth."

I reached behind him and pulled the fundoshi strap out and began unwinding it from his sweet ass crack and bringing it around the front of his beautiful body. I could barely breath with anticipation of his sweet cock driving hard into my mouth. He had different plans for me.