 I had a crush on my teacher, Mr Jones, in my Senior Year at High School. Every time I saw him, my cock would leap in my pants. To the outside world I was straight, in fact I had developed a slightly exaggerated and totally undeserved reputation as a ladies man. It made me laugh, but the more I denied that I was some king stud, the more my reputation grew. Inside, I was a seething mass of lust, all for my maths teacher.

By this stage I was no blushing virgin. I had known for a year I was gay and had explored it in many ways. Porn, internet chat room, even meeting guys for anonymous one on one hot sex. It all ended the same, they came, they went. I was looking for something more. I knew that Mr Jones wasn’t it either, but somehow my cock over rode my brain.

I lay awake at night, wanking and sweating, thinking of Mr Jones bending me over his desk and thrusting his 9-inch cock into my puckered ass hole as the class cheered us on. (Hey it’s my dream, not quite football but still a big score). It was then I had a brain explosion. Mid orgasm, I decided I would go to Mr Jones the next day after school for some “tuition”.

I made sure I shaved closely that morning, face, cock, balls and hole. I wanted to be prefect. I had X rated thoughts all day, my cock throbbing and ebbing. Finally, school ended and I hid in the boys’ toilets until I thought everyone would be gone, and then headed towards Mr Jones’s room. 

I got to the door, and peered in the small window. He was sitting at his desk, a vision of olive skin, dark hair and brown eyes. I was about to open the door when from under his desk, Neil the school captain, stuck his head out, his mouth covered in cum. My brain went into over drive as I stared at Neil, hating him because I wanted that to be me with my mouth full of Mr Jones’ spunk.

A new plan quickly formed in my mind and before I could back out, I pushed the door open and walked into the room. Neil gasped as he saw me, but Mr Jones just smiled. He looked at me and said, “I wondered how long it would take you to get up the courage. You really think I haven’t noticed your lustful gazes and your hard cock?” I blushed as all my bravado left me. Mr Jones laughed and stood up, his large 9-inch cock (told you) was wet and semi-hard. 

My cock was oozing pre cum I was so turned on. Mr Jones walked over to the door, locked it and pulled the blind. He walked back, stood behind me and grabbed my crotch. He squeezed gently as I almost panted. He licked my neck then whispered in my ear “come with me”.

He walked to the desk, and pulled Neil to his feet. “On your back on the desk”. Neil looked at him and went to say something. “Now”, barked Mr Jones. Neil jumped up, on his back on the desk in a flash. Mr Jones pulled his pants to his ankles, Neil’s legs dangling over the edge as Mr Jones fondled his hard cock.

Mr Jones looked at me. “On your hands and knees over him. I want to see you boys 69 each other”. While this wasn’t part of my plan, I was too overcome with lust to complain. I yanked off my pants and kneeled over Neil’s head before I leant down and engulfed his cock in my mouth. I could taste Neil’s pre cum as I felt my cock being enveloped my Neil’s hot, wet mouth.

Mr Jones rubbed my asshole with his saliva-covered finger and pushed his finger into my ass. I gasped with a mouth full of Neil’s cock as he pumped my hole, causing me to suck Neil harder. Neil leaked massive amounts of pre cum into my mouth as he lashed my balls with his tongue, before sucking my cock so hard, I felt like he was going to suck my cum out of me before I shot it.

Mr Jones rammed a second finger into my ass and began to really open me up. I was harder than I had ever been, and loving it. Mr Jones pushed a third finger into my ass, then leant over and whispered in my ear “You’re no virgin, but your ass is still tight. I am going to love riding you boy”. 

I moaned at his words as I rammed a finger between Neil’s cheeks and into his hole, making him gasp and suck my cock deep into his throat. Mr Jones chuckled as he withdrew his fingers from my ass and got up on the desk behind me. As the fat domed head of his cock pushed against my hole I though “this is it, the cock I have wanted for so long... “

The rest of the thought was lost in a mixture of pleasure and pain as Mr Jones pushed his 9-inch cock fair up my ass. My eyes bulged and my cock exploded into Neil’s mouth as Mr Jones rammed into me in one stroke. He gave me no chance to recover as he slammed into my ass over and over. My fingers worked in and out of Neil’s ass automatically, I was lost in the sensations coming from my prostate as Mr Jones ploughed me.

Neil exploded into my mouth, barely giving me a chance to swallow. It must have been too much for him, given my fingers and his view of Mr Jones fucking me, he came hard into my mouth, a delicious tangy mix. But my mind was only computing one thing, Mr Jones was fucking me.

And it was a great fuck. Better than my dreams. He plunged into my ass again and again as I panted and moaned, my mouth panting a mix of cum and saliva as I lost myself in the haze of a great fuck.

All too soon for me, I could hear Mr Jones’s breathing change and I knew he was going to cum. I pushed back hard on him and yelled ecstatically as he filled my ass. Mr Jones grunted and pumped 4, no 5 more times til his cum ran down my legs and Neil was licking it from between my thighs. 

Mr Jones withdrew from me, leaving my ass gaping and dripping. He presented his cock to Neil, who licked him clean while I tried to get my breath back. Mr Jones cocked his head to one side and smiled “You’re still hard aren’t you?” I nodded, knowing my cock was still solid. Mr Jones grabbed my cock and jerked it, the sensation was further heightened my Neil ramming 3 fingers into my still opened ass and finger-fucking me. I shot cum all over Neil’s face, Mr Jones’s hand on my cock, Neil’s fingers up my ass.

I collapsed onto the desk, my cock spent and my mind drifting. Was there any better way to fulfil a fantasy? Mr Jones whispered in my ear, “You always did get an A for effort”. I smiled. This was going to be an interesting senior year.