 In the weeks that followed my threesome with Mr Jones and Neil, I came to discover that Mr Jones loved to fuck. And I mean he loved to fuck. I would go to “tutoring” every Wednesday then over to his house on Saturday afternoons for extra “help”. The session would start by Mr Jones groping my hard cock, me sucking him til he came in my mouth, my ass being opened up by Mr Jones fingers, then a nice hard fuck to finish off. I would finish with cum in my mouth, cum in my ass and a huge smile. Neil didn’t join us for our sessions, Mr Jones “tutored” him on Tuesday s and Sundays. Have to hand it to the man, he loved filling asses.

Last weekend while sucking Mr Jones cock, he told me that he wanted to give me a present. I assumed he was indicating the load of cum about to burst into my mouth when he got up and left the room. He came back with a small package and handed it to me. I ripped it open to find a medium size black butt plug. I looked at Mr Jones and he gave me his sly grin, one I came to know indicated that what was coming next would blow my mind and my cock.

“Get on your hands and knees and show me that lovely hole of yours”, he told me. I spread my knees wide and presented Mr Jones with my puckered hole, almost panting with anticipation. My cock was leaking pre-cum madly as I felt him squeeze my ass with his hand. Mr Jones smeared lube onto my asshole before pushing a finger into my ass hard. I gasped then moaned as he pumped my hole forcefully. His finger disappeared into my ass all the way in one fluid motion.

Mr Jones added another finger and began to finger fuck my hole hard. He twisted his fingers at they went in and out of my ass, rubbing my sensitive hole. My cock was thudding and my head was swimming as he ground his finger hard into my prostate. I was about to shoot when he took his fingers out and jammed the butt plug hard in my ass. I groaned and stiffened as my cock shot cum everywhere. Mr Jones massaged my ass cheek as I panted, trying to regain my breath.

He whispered in my ear, “every time you come to my class, I want you to have this in you”. 

I looked at him shocked. “You want me to walk around school with this up my ass?” He laughed and looked at me in a way that made me feel like I had just said something both amusing and stupid.

“No, you can put it in before class. I will know if you are properly prepared for my class or not”. I was still kind of dazed in a post cum way so didn’t think anything more of it as Mr Jones preceded to fuck my mouth again and I was lost in the sucking and fucking ritual that we share.

Monday, I have Mr Jones last period. I ducked into the toilet before hand, lubed up the butt plug and pushed it in. I was tempted right then and there to skip class and go home to fuck myself silly. I knew however that this was all part of my self adventure that I had wanted desperately to embark on, so off I headed to class. 

Everything was quite normal (well apart from the butt plug up my ass – which made sitting very interesting) until about 20 minutes before the bell. Mr Jones reached into the draw of his desk. As he was explaining a complicated calculus equation he pulled out something that looked like a small plastic tube. As I spend a lot of time watching him, I noticed he looked straight at me as he curled his fist around what ever it was. I soon found out when my butt plug began gently vibrating in my ass. 

My eyes bugged out of my head as the butt plugged hummed gently in my ass. The vibrations were sending my wild as I tried to remain perfectly still. My cock was straining against my pants and my knuckles were white from gripping pen as I stared at Mr Jones in disbelief. Then as quickly as it started the vibrations were gone.

I took a deep breath and began to work on my maths again, concentrating both problems at hand, my calculus and my raging hard on. 

Just as I was beginning to soften and feel like I might not embarrass myself in public, Mr Jones turned it back on again, this time a little higher. I hardened instantly and so wanted to take my cock out then and there and jerk it til I came. Instead I gritted my teeth and tried desperately to gain control of my body. My mind was trying to focus, but my cock was screaming out for release. Just when I thought I was going to loose it and cum in my pants, Mr Jones turned it off. 

Mr Jones continued to turn the vibrating butt plug on and off for the rest of the lesson, never on enough to make me cum and never off enough to let me get soft. It was driving me insane. Thankfully the lesson started to wind down and I was very much looking forward to getting back to the toilet and taking the plug out of my ass.

As Mr Jones gave out the homework and looked me in the eye as he asked me to stay behind to discuss my lack of concentration this lesson. I almost glared at him, I had more things to concentrate on then anyone else in the class that lesson.

The bell rang and everyone filled out, but I didn’t move. My cock was still hard and throbbing. Mr Jones went over and shut the door after the last of the students left. He locked it and pulled the blind then turned to me, grinning.

I was about to launch into a tirade when he came and sat beside me. He grabbed my head and kissed my hard on the mouth. My poor cock really couldn’t handle much more of this. 

“Stand up and take off your pants”, he instructed me. I stood and quickly discarded my pants, freeing my cock from its constraints. I noticed not only was I still very hard but my ass was beginning to throb a little. “Like your surprise still?” Mr Jones asked me. I was about to reply when he turned my butt plug onto its highest setting. I gasped in surprise as the sensation threatened to overwhelm me. 

Mr Jones quickly lowered his head onto my cock and took it into his hot, wet mouth. My hips jerked involuntarily as I grabbed his head and fucked his mouth, my horniness and frustration venting through my cock into his welcoming throat. I moaned as much from the sensation as the disbelief that my cock was plunging into Mr Jones’s throat. I could feel my balls tighten and I knew I was going to shoot my load hard. I groaned loudly, pumping my cum into Mr Jones’s mouth, unable to hold back after such long stimulation. I shot 2 more loads into his mouth as I humped against his face.

He swallowed my cum, swirling his tongue round the head of my cock as he savoured my flavour. He stood up and kissed me again, pushing his cum covered tongue into my mouth. As we kissed, he reached behind me and yanked the butt plug out. My knees buckled as he turned me and pushed me over the desk, my legs spread as wide as he kicked my feet apart. Three fingers were pushed up into my open hole as Mr Jones pulled his cock free and rubbed his pre-cum all over it.

I braced myself as my ass was ploughed by his fingers, knowing that Mr Jones was going to fuck me hard and fast. He pulled his fingers out and shoved his cock up my ass without any hesitation. I moaned as he grabbed my hips and fucked my hole, his balls slapping against mine as I gripped the desk. He grunts and groans mixed with mine as his cock reamed my hole.

I knew that he was intent on cumming fast and I wasn’t about to try and stop him. I pushed back against his cock, taking the whole 9 inches hard up my ass. I clamped my muscles around his cock. Mr Jones tensed and shoved into me hard. “Aw, fuck!” he exclaimed as he unloaded into my ass. I milked his cock with my muscles as he shoved another 3 shots into my welcoming hole. 

Mr Jones slumped over me, his cum oozing onto my thighs. I loved feeling his cock in my hole, and gave his cock a few more squeezes. Mr Jones gasped and pulled out of my hole, quickly replacing his cock with the butt plug. I squirmed, my cock still hard, Mr Jones cum trapped in my ass by the plug.

“Turn and face me”, Mr Jones said as I stood up a little gingerly. I turned to him and looked at his softening cum covered cock before my eyes travelled up to his. He was looking at my hard cock. “Guess it’s your turn to come again”.

With that, he cranked the butt plug up to full. I steadied myself with one hand on the desk as I wanked myself furiously’. I closed my eyes, reliving the many fucks I had had with Mr Jones, his cock buried to the hilt in my ass. I jerked myself to a thudding orgasm as Mr Jones sat on the table next to me.

Mr Jones handed me a few tissues for me to clean myself up with as he pushed my head down to his cock. I licked him clean as I wiped my cum off my cock, balls and thighs. When I had finished, I stood up and got dressed as Mr Jones went back to behind his desk, putting the remote for my butt plug into his draw.

As I grabbed my bag and turned to walk out, Mr Jones said to me, with a twinkle in his eye, “I think you may be in danger of getting further behind. Join Neil and I tomorrow as well”. 

I grinned and walked out of the room. A for effort and A for achievement.