 "I must learn to control myself" Thwack! The straps of the flogger cut into my bloodied back through my thin linen shirt. The cutting sting reminded me of her age, true she had just turned eighteen, but still too young . She had played hostess at her father's dinner party. Talking so calmly with everyone, even that prig of banker. She wore a marine blue velvet bodice and matching satin skirt. The color was glorious on her complimenting her ginger hair and fair skin. The bodice fitted snuggly over her slender waist and well formed chest. Her hard nipples straining the velvet which screamed for me to touch them. Whack! The straps hit again and again.

"Oh, Mother Goddess!" The voice broke my stupor. I must of passed out. A large firm hand touched my back. Pain seared through my being. 

"What have you done?" asked my first mate, Mr. Martenes, as he took the flogger from my hand. His had rested at my back shoulder. I winced at the aching, but missing the blissful pain. "Sir, you are bleed..." his voice faltered with sorrow.

I groaned and tried to push myself up from the floor. I did not need his pity. He grabbed me around the waist. "Get off." I tried to push him away. I did not need his help. He held firm and placed me in the hard chair across from my desk desk which was for any unwanted visitors. Martenes lifted my shirt off my back opening some of the slashes which had dried bloody.

"Hold still." he said from across my cabin. He gathered water and cloths to bring back to me, He knelt beside me. I was laying across my lap. Martenes wet one of the cloths and started to gently clean my back. I didn't have the strength to object. "Sir, why?"

"She's beautiful, but she is a child." I said into my knees.

"Who, sir?" He asked as hetouched my back woth a wet cloth.

"Nell." I groaned into my knees.

"Miss Nell, sir?"

"Is there another?" I could see her in her small herb garden bobbing up and down as worked with a hoe. Sunlight drawing out the light freckles across bridge of her nose. My cock stretched beneath my stomach. "Give me the the flogger" I demanded from Martenes.

"No, sir," he said flatly as he brushed my hair away from my face. "You don't have to do this. Miss Nell is young, sir, but she is not a child. You have sailors on board who are the same age as Miss Nell and not half as grown. I looked at him and saw something I hadn't seen in the three years I had been in command of the Liberty Rose. Lust. I reached for a strap on my bed. I'd whip him senseless.

"Sir!" He slapped me across the face, "Stop it! This is not you, it's anger, not my captain." He held my hands firmly and stroked the cheek he had just assaulted. I realized I had been hitting myself again. The lust I had seen wasn't for Nell. It was for me. "Sir, if you need to beat someone, beat me." He leaned in for a light tentative kiss to my lips. Waiting for my reaction, but with none apparent he ran a hand over my crotch, fingering my stiffening cock through my breeches. "If you need to fuck someone, fuck me."

I stared at him. My first mate, the term made me chuckle. Well, maybe not my first, but I needed release. I closed my eye and nodded. He undid my buttons and drew my love member out. I felt as his hands explored the shape followed by his tongue. I tried to relax by leaning back enjoy what was coming, but the rough wood bit into my tender back. I sat forward in pain. Martenes stopped. "Careful," he said in a whisper, "Should I get some pillows for your back?" I shook my head and shifted off the chair to lean on my desk. My arms supported me and my cock stood for further attention. He stood and stroked my cock with long smooth rhythm. He kissed me and I allowed his tongue into my mouth for a duel. 

My knees buckled a bit, but one arm found my waist and held me firmly. His hand dropped to explore my ass. My cock twitched with the excitement. His lips explored my chin, my neck, my chest. As he found my nipple with his tongue and his teeth. He nipped and pulled. I pushed him off. His lovely green eye surrounded by thick black lashes looked hurt and pleaded with me to be able to continue. 

I motioned to my state of dress and said, "I find my self against my desk half dressed and all you have shown me is that lovely tongue. We can't have that can we?" He shook his head smiling broadly. He quickly kicked off his shoes and all his clothes. Though I only stood inches taller than he and our builds similar- lean and hard from years on board ships, we were an interesting contrast. My blond hair with it's many babbled braids falling half way down my back, his raven black combed tight to his head with one short braided tail. My light and sparse body hair to his glorious hairiness swirling in interesting patterns across his chest and legs. Oh, how I wanted to touch it, but touching could wait just a bit this was my inspection. His crotch was very interesting. His huge cock thicker and longer than my own stood straight up pointing towards the ceiling. I nodded as he turned for aft inspection.

I almost laughed, where the rest of him was covered in hair his pelvis was shaved clean . A request I made of all my sailors in order to keep the crew healthy. He was clean from two inches above that glorious cock all the way around to the tight hard ass. I just smiled at him and said "Assume the position, sailor." He yelped with delight, bent over hands on knees presenting his smooth asset for a more hands on inspection. I grabbed both cheeks stroked my hands over his smoothness. I let my thumb find his bud and pushed to test the tightness. "I know of your work with a razor, but who do I thank for this?"

"All the crew is able, sir. Deeper, sir, please?" He pushed back into my hands. 

"Behave, sailor," I slapped his ass. This was my inspection and he best learn that. Yes, everything was smooth. His ass and balls were hairless. "Very nice, but you didn't answer my question."

"Ensign Hobbs, sir." he squirmed as I bounced his balls in my palm to test their weight. 

"Saffy?" I was surprised. The little minx was always a bit nervous around me, fidgety. I'd never trust her with a razor any where near my jewels. I asked, "Did she do any other services for you?"

"No sir. It's my understanding she's partial to her bunkmate."

"If it becomes a problem we'll have to rotate quarters for the female crew." I said continued to explore the body of my first mate with one hand and grab a jar of lotion off my desk with the other. I opened the jar, the scent of rosemary and mint hit me. My cock lurched as I slapped Martenes' ass with the flat of my hand. He moaned. I was glad he was facing away from me so he didn't see the blush that heated my cheeks. The lotion had been a New Years gift from Nell after I had mentioned how calloused my hands had been after our last voyage. The scents came from her garden. She used it in her toiletry, it reminded me so much of her. Now I used at sea for more than my hands. 

I scooped some of the lotion on to my fingers and swiped between his ass crack. He pushed back into my hand. I slapped his ass again. "My time sailor. Just hold it still and you will get what you deserve." I slipped a finger into his hole. Goddess, it was tight. I started to finger fucked him in and out. I am not exceptionally long, definitely as long as Martenes, but I'm a thick bastard. I needed to loosen him up. Soon I had three fingers twisting and pounding into that lovely tight sleeve. He bucked as he grabbed his own cock and started to jerk himself. I lined up my cock with his hole and switched it out for my hand and slammed into him. I grabbed his hips to prevent his bent over body from being driven into the floor. "You like that do, do you?" 

"Oh mother, yes sir, thank you sir." He groaned as my balls bounced off his ass. He seemed to have lost his breath from the pain. 

I drew him up against my chest and held him for a moment waiting for his breathing to even out. When he had calmed I claimed his cock in my hand. I started to pump my hips and my hand in unison. He mewed as I found my rhythm. As I gathered speed and force his sounds changed to grunts and and exclamations. He praised me for what I was doing and begged for more. I clipped the back of his head, shushing his vocalizations. I didn't need his reassurance that I was pleasing him. His body's reaction was all I needed as I fucked and jerked him. His chute was tightening around my cock. On a down stroke I felt his balls pulling in. I slipped a hand under his neat braid and pulled back. "You don't cum until I say, understood?" He nodded as I bit his ear. I liked that he was learning. My own balls tightened precursing my own need to release. Oh what the hells, "Are you ready, Mr. Martenes?" I whispered in his ear. I released my spunk up his ass and his cock shot out his own. It appeared as though I just shot through him, but he continued to shoot as I pulled out of him. I licked his cum from my hand and slapped his ass. "Thank you, Rory." I said pulling up my breeches.

"Thank you sir, may I have another?"