  Ch1- The Encounter.

They say if you stare at something for too long it breaks. I definitely hope not because I had been staring at this guy for at least over 5 minutes. Food stuffed in my mouth. God's grace he didn't notice me gawking at him. I sat there behind the plant poking my head out just out of his sight but he just within mine.

My words can't even begin to describe him. You know how everyone keeps saying 'he was the most beautiful specimen on earth' and blah blah all that nonsense. Beautiful would be an understatement. He was PERFECTION personified.

I've seen a LOT of guys and I mean a LOT, there was something about this one that was different. The way his hair softly fell over his forehead and rest into a short spike. When he moved it would gently get disarrayed. With a flick it'd be back to its usual perfectness. His face clear as the sky, Stark contrast against his black hair. The heavy eyebrows that highlighted his crystal blue eyes. Even the oceans would be jealous of his eyes. I could swim in them all day.

"I get it he's hot, now stop staring before he realizes," Chimed the strawberry sweet voice next to my ear.

I broke my medusa stare and turned to face her. I was hot and pretty sure I was pink with embarrassment. I smiled geekily showing my teeth.

"You are so cute when you are embarrassed!" She said again. "Yeeessss Toria!" I whined, "You never let me forget it." I'd like to say I was popular, but I was not. I might have some looks but not enough to gain any formidable reputation. I was just the guy who'd walk around with his head stuck in his textbook. Toria was my best and only friend in this college, and it's almost been a year since I joined. Just guess no one likes the transfer student.

And sadly the god I was looking at was out of bounds. He was the typical stereotype. Hot guy -blond bimbo cheerleader girlfriend, college heart throb, smart (at least he seemed so.... I tend to think Every good looking guy is smart, an inherent weirdness I posses. ), cute, funny etc. And this would have been the typical Story. Girl falls for heart throb, goes out realizes that best friend is the one that she truly loves....... Only I'm a guy. And that doesn't happen in the gay kingdom. We just have a lot of dreamers who are lonely who have nothing but hand, tool, and pen and paper...... Me an example.

Anyways so there I am already weighing out the pros and cons of the whole situation. Damn my overly analytical mind. Toria sat there staring at me before she grinned and giggled.

"What?" I scowled.

"Nothing just that Mr Hottie is walking this way," Toria blushed.

"Ah you are so cute when you are embarrassed," I mimicked her in an overly shrill tone and her face wiped its smile off instantaneously.

"Do you even know his name?" She asked looking down as if she'd achieved something.

"Shite! I actually ........do it's Christian Trey - computer and statistics major. 19 years old." I said proudly sticking my tongue out.

"You stalker!" She mocked. 

"Honey you ain't seen nothing yet! " I hummed imitating some chick we'd seen on TV the day before. 

I was a transfer student, geology major and Toria was the first and perhaps the only person who decided to talk to me. She was what we call EEE (electronic electrical engineering).

Honestly I don't know what she was doing with a gay guy like me. First off I wasn't hot or anything I was just smart. No not glasses and freakishly high pants etc just what you'd call blessed. Toria on the other hand was drop dead gorgeous. She was one of the hottest brunettes I've seen in this place since I came two months back. She could get any guy she wanted at the drop of a hat.

Sometimes I'd like to think she likes me..... You know more than friends. I know it's weird but hey..... The mind wanders.......

Actually coming to think of it I really didn't understand why I hadn't noticed Chris till now. Maybe I needed glasses?! But even without I would have noticed him from the moon and after quite a bit of snooping around, I found out he was a regular student who lives off campus.

"You know, if I ever get to him and we have sex, I'll let you come for a threesome," She winked and licked her spoon so seductively that it almost made even me horny.

"Ha-ha very funny...... And if I ever have sex with him I'm not going to invite you for anything!" I winked.

"Ok he's coming this way!" She squealed. And then it happened. He went by us. I could smell him, only a foot away from me. The strong masking smell of his scent , His confident walk. Everything about him turned me on. And I couldn't keep my eyes off him.

Toria flashed him a smile and then she giggled. "What happened?" I asked her.

"He SMILED at ME!" She flushed.

" You know you can get him without even lifting a finger and besides he smiles at everyone." I was being genuine. "Ok see I'm going to smile at him to prove it." 

It was just a smile no big deal. My heart was racing. I think I was sweating. My hands were cold.5 feet and reducing. I looked at him straight and flashed a bright smile.

IGNORED! What a jerk. I had half a mind to go over and punch him and then eat him. Devour him till I was satisfied.

"Ok well you were right he is a snob!" I huffed. She was well beaming. She turned her face towards his table and looked over.

"He's looking at me!" She squealed again. She was acting like a girl who had just seen Justin Beiber. Screeching for some GUY.

"I don't care he's an effing loser," I whined. She looked at him and winked and then blew a kiss. That was all it took. Chris stood up and walked towards us. He sat down at the vacant chair at our table. 

"I couldn't help but notice you over here," He was talking directly to Toria. I wasn't even in the picture at the moment.

But what a voice. It was like music to my ears. And the way he spoke. So courteous ,so chivalric. This was the first time I saw him up close.

This was the first time I saw PERFECTION up close and I liked it. 

"Hi, hi helloooooooooo!" He said again. It was only then that I realized he was talking to I my mouth open wide. I managed to shut it. "Uh hi yourself." I said nonchalantly. I was trying to be cool. What was I doing I was acting like such a bitch. Hi yourself? I mean who says that anymore?

"I know you're pissed but I'm sorry to steal this fine lady from you," He bent and kissed her hand.

What I'd do to have those lips on myself. To feel them with my own. So stare at that face till my eyes watered. Sadly it wasn't going to happen.

It's said right when your friend does bad you feel bad for them, but when he or she does better than you, you feel miserable. That's how I felt. Miserable. 

"Sure," I managed to croak out.

They got up and walked away. I hated to admit it but they made a PERFECT couple look wise that is. The next half an hour I sat alone and pondered over the whole event. That sure wasn't helping me get my mind off him.

The rest of the day was uneventful and I went about with my usual schedule of classes. Nothing exciting, nothing interesting. It seemed hopeless. I couldn't think of anyone else. His voice rolled around in my ears till it seeped into my brain.

That night I met Toria for dinner. And I know what you are thinking. Why the hell is he bugging the poor girl? And I agree I thought the same. So I decided I'll skip the entire topic of Christian.

"Hey how was your date?" I blurted out. Wow my plan wasn't going well. Besides I didn't know any other conversation starter.

It was fun. Chris is a really nice guy. I mean LOOK at him!" She said, her eyes glistened as she spoke.

Just then Chris walked to our table and sat down. Boy if I had complained that I had never seen him before, I must seem like a kid because I saw him everywhere now. I looked at him flabbergasted. My mouth dropped. You see I tend to do these kinds of things. Mostly embarrass me.......I took it all in. CHRISTIAN TREY was sitting at OUR table with ME! 

I looked at him, my mouth half open. Once again I was awestruck by his magnificence. It was just the way he carried himself. He didn't seem the least bit perturbed by my incessant staring. He looked at me smiled and said, "I hope its ok, and Toria invited me for dinner." Well what could I say .No you can't because you make my jaw drop every time I see you. Instead I wired myself to feel happy for Toria. 

"No its fine nice to have someone other than this irritating one to talk to." I pointed at Toria and winked. 

She blushed and we all started to laugh. And as the laughter subsided, it was replaced by still desolation. It was more of an awkward silence. I saw Toria look around nervously to pick up on some conversation topic. I think she was sweating, but then again maybe perfection was taking its toll on me.

"So I hear you are a comp stat major?" I said finally trying to break the silence. Well leave it up to me, Mr BORING to bring up some boring topic about college. Gosh I felt pathetic.

"Well yes, it isn't that interesting." He said calmly, clearly uncomfortable by the awkwardness that we were engulfed in. Once again....... SILENCE. This time it was deafening.

I thought of striking up some conversation about football. I mean isn't that what jocks do ram their heads into each other and talk about football?

"So you're in the tennis team?" I said purposefully hoping my reverse psychology would work.

"Eh no I'm on the football team. I'm the quarter back." He said after chewing down a spoonful of salad.

Typical. Quarterback. God why was I falling for him? His non-spokeness was bugging me and I couldn't help notice that all Toria was doing was staring at him, while I looked like the desperate fool trying to talk him. Chris's eyes would occasionally dart towards her and his ears would turn pink.

I stuffed down the last of my meal and got up. "Hey I have to go lots to study." I just really needed to get out of there. I couldn't handle it. He was a man of little words and we didn't have anything to talk about. It was the worst combination ever. I turned around before leaving the dining room. Toria and he were in the midst of a heated make out session. It seemed as if I'd waited any longer they would have been having sex.

I walked away and ran to my room. At least one thing I wouldn't have to see him for another two days. It was Friday and I was headed off to my aunt's house. We had a long weekend with no exams or anything nearby. I must've really seemed like an idiot saying that I needed to study on a Friday night.

I unlocked the room to see m roommate fast asleep stark naked on top of the sheets .Id seen him like this a million times already .Probably drunk form the afternoon. It was a usual Friday phenomenon.

I sighed.

It was 6AM when I woke up the next day. I packed my stuff and made my weekly pilgrimage to my aunt's house. It was a 40 minute drive from campus. But since I didn't have a car, it usually took me an hour or so to reach there by bus.

I walked over to the deserted grounds except for the joggers and athletic personnel. I walked out of the gate and to the bus stop. I was ten minutes in waiting when someone honked from my right. I almost jumped and swivelled around to see a shiny silver ford pull up beside me at the deserted bus stop. The person inside rolled down his window and I almost gasped.

I know what you guys are thinking it was Christian, but NO, it wasn't. You guys are hopeless romantics. Ok fine at the back of my mind even I secretly wished just for a second it was him.

Besides my life isn't that happening? I'm not boring but not really fun unless drunk. I turned toward the driver's window and peered into it. Out popped a head. "Hi do you need a lift?" It was a guy named Stan ...... Stanley Edmund.

Yes I wasn't his friend if that's what you're thinking. He was in my topo class. You can say he was..........cute. I mean nothing like Christian but completely different in a good way. This was the kind of guy that one could really fall in love with.

I never really noticed him to be honest. And I know I sound conceited, but the only person I could think of was humping my best friend.

"Umm I'm going to 47 the Weston towers Stryker avenue." I announced I wasn't actually but I couldn't tell him the real address. I had never met him before ever.

"I can drop you of you want I'm heading that way too," He smiled. Yes he was cute. You know really cute.

And maybe for just a second my mind wandered off Chris and drifted in this direction. Gone are the days when Studying were my only concerns. We were so naive then. I missed those days. I graciously accepted the invitation after much rebuttal and quickly slipped into the passenger seat. I only stared occasionally but otherwise the trip was the usual, boring. We didn't talk but it wasn't awkward it was just as if we were enjoying the morning weather.

"So where are you headed?" I asked finally breaking the silence my words cut through the morning stillness. "And thanks for the ride." 

"My pleasure." He smiled and winked. My heart melted for a second, " well my parents own an estate a couple of miles from where I'm dropping you so I decided I'll bunk there because it's only a couple of days till thanksgiving anyways." 

I hadn't thought about that. Actually I hadn't thought about anything other than Christian the whole way. I know some people are pissed at me being like this ungrateful with a cute guy in the car but my mind wasn't under my control.

No matter how much I distracted myself I'd always go back to thinking about his perfectness. It was like a drug. My addiction, thinking about him. The more I thought about it the more I began to feel like a character from twilight. I mean I wasn't so overdramatic was I?

10min in and we were outside the false address I gave him. He dropped me off. I bid my thanks and walked into the building and as he sped off I walked out and a block away I rang the door bell of my aunt's house.

With my parents in a different state and all having a relative near where you go to college is really convenient. But it was more than Convenience with my aunt. She was hands down one of the best people I had ever met.

She was a tall woman with glasses and a big smile. She had an independent house here in St. Paul. My college in Minneapolis.

She opened the door and hugged me and I went in and dropped my bags near the door.

It was about 7AM and she had already made breakfast. We sat at the dining table and ate the hearty feast that she prepared. She was alone at home as both her kids were married and moved out.

"So how has college been?" she asked smiling.

"It's been good! Exams start only in Jan so I'm quite free till then!" I said relief in my voice.

The usual deal with us was that I'd help her with anything she needed to do like cooking- I loved to cook , cleaning the room which I now called mine -I didn't like cleaning that much but I could handle it.

I'd held her getting acquainted with her laptop etc. It was fun especially since there was no tension of exams.

"Jake are you going back on Monday?" She asked casually.

"Yes I was thinking so." I replied slurping my Chocos from the bowl. 

"Well you know thanksgiving is next week and if you don't have anything going on in school you should stay the week." She said as a matter of fact-ly.

"Yea but I'll still go on Monday to pick up some books I brought just one." I smiled.

After dinner was over, I went up to my room and unpacked my clothes. I had a shower and went down to see if aunt Berne needed any help.

She asked me to accompany her to the supermarket to help her get groceries. I saw the list on the kitchen counter.......this was going to be a long grocery shopping. She threw me the car keys. Well I knew how to drive; I just didn't have a car. And we drove slowly towards the supermarket a couple of blocks down.

We were a block down when I noticed something or rather someone entering a building. Not any building that very building which I lied that I lived in. And that somebody was CHRISTIAN TREY ok I know it seems predictable. But it was really true.

I jerked my head sideways to see if it was really him. In doing that I lost focus on the road and the car swivelled. We almost hit a pole before I realized what had happened. And though I didn't manage to see if it was him I at least knew where to go if I ever wanted to pursue finding him.

I turned to aunt Berne. For a minute in the excitement I almost forgot she was there and I almost stopped the car to jump out and chase after him.

She had a -just a near death look on her face. Ok she was mortified. It was a straight road and she thought I fell asleep. So I rolled with it what I was going to tell her. The guy I like lives in that building.

"Maybe shopping for groceries will wake me up." I lied. I was wide awake and rather over active. I couldn't keep my mind on the road and when we reached the supermarket finally I was relieved. I tore half the list and we set out on two different shopping carts gathering up the requirements. I actually love shopping it invigorates me. I have all the energy in the world to do it. Ok you see I like to give my titbits of criticism.

And I'm good at it. How else do you think my sister got through middle school without being a loser? Ok other than the fact that I was popular in my school.

An hour later walking endlessly, I headed back towards the billing counters searching for aunt Berne. It was then that I saw HIM again. Clad in a casual tight skin hugging shirt and plain black jeans. My jaw dropped again. The way his shirt clung to his body. It highlighted every inch of his chest. His jeans hung low over his small waist. Just enough to see his boxers from below his shirt. Hands in his pockets casually looking around.

I shut my mouth and headed down the farthest aisle. I had the perfect plan. I pulled out my phone and idly pressed some buttons. With the cart in one hand I began down the aisle at the front of whose was Chris.

I walked slowly yet casually. I knew everything happening around me. It seemed like my senses had sharpened. By breaths became shallower. And my heart pounded in my chest. I could hear it thudding in my ear.

I slowed down nearing the opening. I could see him clearly now. It was Christian Trey. Here. In the supermarket that I was shopping in. He was still staring at something on top of one of the isles. I looked up to see him staring at a huge poster girl for vogue.

My heart sank. I wanted to turn and run. Instead I headed on faster. I was going to MAKE him notice me.

I moved faster, continuously hitting button on my phone. My fingers belting out the fury in my mind. I dashed into him. And the sack of rice on the open tray at the bottom do the cart fell off. "Oh my god. I'm so sorry!" I said looking up from my phone. As if this was not anticipated. He was rubbing his side where I hit him. 

"Christian Trey?!" I said putting up my shocked voice. It was slightly shrill and a normal person would have figured it out, but he seemed oblivious to my fake-ness.

"Jake......from the university," He said his voice tinged with a little pain.

Well at least he remembered me. I mean how couldn't he, we had met YESTERDAY and he stole my best friend. Suddenly all the anger melted away and I was replaced with the same ache in the stomach the one that I got when I saw him yesterday.

"Hey its ok you didn't hit me that bad," He lifted up his shirt to show his side. There was nothing. But the sight instantly aroused me. He was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. His skin was perfect and his body was so toned the abs itching to be seen. 

His musculature gleaming in the light of the supermarket. I remembered every detail even now. I lifted my gaze to see him. He hadn't noticed me staring at him. Thank god.
