 The first time I met Mr. Steinberg, I was totally impressed with the way he carried himself. He looked pretty old to me, maybe in his 70's, maybe even older, but I could tell from the way he dressed and spoke and especially with his young physique, that he exuded confidence and self assurance. I don't think he was a body builder by any means, but dressed in casual attire, he stood straight and proud and when he moved around, his agility belied his age, however old he really was. 

Impeccably dressed in slacks and a pressed shirt, some stylish shined shoes, he impressed me as a man that took pride in himself and tried to put out the best image he could. While his face was weathered a bit, showing his age, he had a very full head of white hair perfectly styled. His smile was engaging, friendly and sincere, each smile with an almost personal touch to everyone he graced with it. Maybe only 5' 8"s tall, which I'm sure was pretty close to accurate, as when we shook hands, I measured him up to my 5' 6" frame. Still he was actually a pretty imposing figure even with his lack of height and age.

I had an appointment for an interview with him, to see if I could rent one of his apartment units that was adjacent to my campus, very convenient for me if I could get it. As soon as I arrived, I was in love with the complex. It had 15 units that he rented out to college students only. Actually there were originally 18 units, but he had converted two, that were side by side, into one single large unit that he lived in, so he was on the premises full time. Also his nephew stayed in one unit and he did all the maintenance on the units from a/c repair to plumbing to landscaping, everything. The complex had four small separate brick buildings forming a square, which housed a very attractive swimming pool and yard area that looked luxurious to me. All the shrubs were neatly pruned, the gardens were weed free, there were 2 gas grills in the grass near the pool area and a dozen colorful beach chair recliners to lounge in. This was the fourth place I had looked at and by far the nicest one I had seen yet. 

This looked like heaven to me, more than I had hoped for when I read the ad. The best part was, there were 5 total hotties, in bikinis and various beach attire, obviously student tenants, laying out at the pool sun tanning when I arrived. Every one of these girls were drop dead gorgeous and totally fine ass. I was sold the second I saw them regardless of what the inside of the units actually looked like.

Locating his apartment, the first thing I noticed was the mezuzah on the door frame. I knew immediately what it was as one of my best friends was Jewish and they had one on the doorpost of their house. Mr. Steinberg opened the door immediately when I knocked and invited me into his apartment for my interview as a potential renter. His place was awesome, decorated like a house in one those home décor magazines, it looked like it was done by a professional interior designer. Immaculately clean and organized, I also noticed a large wooden Star of David hanging on the wall that looked like it was a million years old, but in a good way, a very nice piece to decorate his wall. During my interview, glancing around from where we sat and talked, I noticed one room had been outfitted as a home gym. He had an expensive treadmill, an elaborate pully weight machine and a very large assortment of free weights. 

My budget was tight, as my father had left my mother when I was 6 years old, and she struggled to make ends meet. Don't get me wrong, we never missed any meals, I didn't dress in rags and we didn't live in the ghetto, but Mom didn't have money to waste and the money she got at the plant, well lets just say she watched it closely. I was going to be given a budget of $1,200 a month from mom, which I was grateful for, she was a good mom. While the rent here was advertised as $800 a month, a little higher than the other places I had looked at, I knew it wouldn't leave much left over for me if I was accepted. 

I had a part time job lined up in the school game room, just 18 hours a week, but that would help some, I mean, I did want some type of social life and maybe a pizza here and there. All my meals were covered in my tuition in the school cafeteria, breakfast, lunch and dinner, even on weekends, but it closed at 8PM, so I had to have eaten dinner by then or buy my own if I missed it.

We had a pleasant 15 minutes interview and then Mr. Steinberg gave me a tour of the last remaining apartment. It was fully furnished, very nicely appointed and looked spotless. I wanted to live here so bad, but Mr. Steinberg told me that he had a potential renter already lined up and my only shot was if it fell through. So, I shook his hand, which he had an amazingly strong grip for a man his age and he told me he would call me one way or the other and let me know later this week, as school was starting in about 10 days. I drove my two hour trip back home, with my fingers crossed and told my mother about it that night. She seemed really happy that I liked the place, a little concerned about the higher rent price, but wished me good luck.

Sunday, a week later, I got the feeling that I wasn't getting the place and resigned to the fact that I would have to call one of the other apartment complexes Monday morning and take a unit there. I had run out of time and needed to lock something in. Later that night, thank God, Mr. Steinberg called me and told me the unit was available if I still wanted it. I was elated, and told him I would bring the check and deposit tomorrow and move in immediately.

The next morning, I woke with a purpose, excited but a little nervous. I packed, called my mom at work and told her I will see her in two weeks, then got on the road. She cautioned me for the 100th time to be careful with my money, as she couldn't afford anymore. This was gonna be my first time away from home and I was excited about my parental freedom and independence.

Mr. Steinberg greeted me at his door with a strong friendly handshake. I had caught him in the middle of a workout and it was obvious to me that he took his workouts seriously. All sweaty and worked up, he was wearing those old NBA style short shorts and a sleeveless t-shirt, drenched in sweat. This old man was in really good shape. Still diminutive in height, he was pretty well built, in fact, extremely well built if you considered his age, which again I would have said 75 years old. He gave me the key to my apartment and told me to let myself in and he would check on me in a few hours.

As I walked to my unit, I couldn't help but notice 7-8 girls partying around the pool. They were playing music, drinking beers and grilling hot dogs on the gas grill. They paid me no attention til they saw me unlock my unit and walk in, then moments later while I was looking around, there was a knock on my door and a girl's voice saying "hello...hello".

First off. Let me tell you a little about myself. I think I mentioned earlier that I was 5'6"s tall, but still hoping for a growth spurt. I had straight raven black hair, I wore it a little long, kind of a raggedy styled cut, but I never fussed over my hair much. I was thin, about 145 pounds on a good day and at 18, I had still not developed a trace of facial hair. My body was as smooth as the day I was born and I often fantasized of the day I would grow some hair on my face and chest.

I'm not making this up or gloating when I say I was attractive. I really was. I don't mean the kind of attractive that is only mentioned when your mother and grandmother tell you that you are handsome. I had lots of "girlfriends" in high school that would comment on my eyes, nose, lips and cheek bones. More than once I heard comments from them that they would die for my nose, or that they loved my modelesque cheek bones or "oh my god, your blue eyes are so gorgeous." Even though, they remained "girlfriends" as when I asked them on a date, they always said, "Donnie, we're friends, I don't want to ruin our friendship dating you." I was still a virgin and had never even been to first base.

I tried sports, but I was too small for basketball and football. While not very good at baseball either, I tried to make the track and field team. I was okay at it, I guess. I tried long distance running, but the other guys would tease me too much. More than once, I heard them shout comments like, "Nice legs." or "Dude, your butt is bigger and plumper than my girlfriends." My least favorite was when they called me "Honeybuns". That really embarrassed me so that didn't last long before I quit.

So I went back to my front door and there were 3 girls there. We introduced ourselves, they actually gave me a can of beer and talking to them, I found out that they were all tenants

The Asian girl, Chinese specifically, her name was Jeannie. Oooooh my, I had yellow fever instantly, she exuded sex appeal. Wearing shorts and a halter top, I loved the tone of her smooth flawless skin. She had the biggest eyes and mouth I had ever seen on a girl. Her eyes were positively huge, these big almond shaped eyes that looked almost oversized for her face. Her mouth, with those fat pouty lips, looked like she could put her whole fist in it. Don't misunderstand me, not in a freaky grotesque way, more in a very sexy way. Straight black hair that looked unusually thick with bangs to her eyes that made her look school girlish. Her body seemed soft, not muscular at all, just slim and sexy in those torn jean shorts she was wearing.

Krishondra was a very dark black girl, tall and skinny like a thoroughbred horse, but with a really nice firm round butt that stuck straight out from her backside and looked awesome in her bikini bottoms. For a skinny girl she actually had pretty big breasts that compromised the integrity of her too small bikini top. She told me to call her Krissy and she laughed at everything anyone said. I liked her immediately. She was instant erection material in her bright yellow bikini and was also a tenant, actually my very next door neighbor. What a beautiful girl, the prettiest whitest teeth I have ever seen. I was really attracted to her.

Stephanie was black also, the wildest looking of the bunch, she came off like a total hottie badass to me. She was so fucking pretty, very sophisticated looking. I gathered quickly that she was the oldest and the leader of this group as I learned this was her fourth and final year in the medical department and she was going to become a doctor. She had spent every single one of her semesters at Mr. Steinberg's apartments and told me I would love it there and it's kind of nice to have a guy finally living here for a change, which I thought was odd. She had a light brown skin tone, lighter than Krissy's and had the most muscular developed thighs, topped by the firmest muscular ass I had ever seen. Her abdominal muscles were very prominent as her six pack tummy effortlessly revealed itself. She had several tattoos on her tummy and legs but all discretely well placed so that they could be covered in clothes as not to interfere in her upcoming "doctor's professional appearance". I later learned she was a standout athlete in high school in track and field, was also a former cheerleader and currently, as a hobby, not as a stripper, exercised on a stripper pole that was mounted floor to ceiling in her apartment. 

After chatting a bit, they invited me to come to the pool area when I finished unpacking and then they went back to the other girls. As I made trip after trip from car to apartment, I saw them all looking at me curiously and talking, maybe a good sign, maybe not. Back and forth from my car and apartment, I couldn't help but sneak peeks at this group of girls, trying not to appear the pervert. I even took several long stares secretly out my window blinds where I got the opportunity to look to my heart's content. This was the start of a great semester and I was loving it. 

I fell into my routine quickly, my classes were pretty easy, work was just running the cash register, clocking students in and out on pool tables, collecting the money, making change and sweeping the floor. 

I became acquainted with all the girls in the complex, but became fast friends with Stephanie's group, developing a crush on Krissy immediately, but too afraid to push our friendship. At times I wanted to kiss her, ask her out, or tell her how I felt, but I didn't want to go too fast and ruin our friendship.

Jeannie, Stephanie and Krissy, well, we partied almost every night. Stephanie would get the booze and we would all chip in equally to pay her back. Krissy was a party animal, she could out drink all of us. One night tequila, one night beer, one night wine, one night Ciroq, whatever, all we did was party. I almost always missed my free dinners at the university cafeteria as we were too busy partying and we would usually order a couple of pizzas delivered. A few days before my rent was due, I realized it was gonna be close and when I paid Mr. Steinberg on the 1st, I had $7 left in my account.

I promised myself to watch my finances closer, but by the middle of my second month, I was getting nervous how fast I was running through my monthly deposit money from my mom. God forbid I had to ask her for money, cause she would totally blow up if I did. So that wasn't an option. Even though I tried cutting back, it didn't seem to work out and I realized by the end of the third week of the month, I might be short on my rent. One night when we were all partying I mentioned this to the girls and asked what would happen if I were short.

They all looked at each other like they were hiding a secret and finally broke out laughing hysterically. I just stared at them dumbfounded til Krissy finally spoke, "Donnie, you're gonna need to ask Mr. Steinberg if you can do some extracurricular stuff to make up your shortages." With that comment, all three of the girls just couldn't stop laughing.

"What do you mean, extracurricular stuff? Do you guys ever do extracurricular stuff? What extracurricular stuff." I asked not understanding how this worked, but hopefully, I could do some too.

"Uhhhhhhh yea." Stephanie chortled, "I have lived here for the last 3 years and I do it at least 2-3 times a month, sometimes more."

"We all have Donnie, but heck, he wouldn't even have to pay me, I would do it for free." said Jeannie as Krissy squealed when she said that.

"Jeannie, you are such a size queen you little slut. To me, he is too big, he actually hurts at first, and when I finally get used to it, then he starts that pounding thing he does, ooooh my God, sometimes he just goes too deep. He wears me out. Last Wednesday when I told ya'll to party without me, that was because he totally dicked me down." Krissy laughed out loud.

"Oh my God, that pounding thing is brutal, that's no lie, last week he abused my little pussy so bad it hurt for 2 days." Stephanie piped in.

"You little slut amatuers, he can pound me with that big dick all night, I love when he does that long dick power fucking thing, in fact, I prefer him fucking me over my lame ass little dick boyfriend fucking me." Jeannie taunted them. "That old man is King Donkey Kong when he gets in my pussy. Lately he has been bugging me for some booty hole, but I'm kind of scared cause he is really thick too. And all that kissing, I don't really care for that but I let him, I mean he is actually kind of handsome in an old rugged man sort of way and his body is truly "oooh la la" for his age, but oh my, that man sure likes to kiss. He also likes to mark his territory, I forbid him to give me another fucking hickey. I have a boyfriend that wouldn't like to see that." 

"Ooooh my God, he wants your ass, Jeannie, please don't let him, don't you dare let him, he may make me do that too." Stephanie said half jokingly.

"Wait a minute, Mr. Steinberg, old Mr. Steinberg, you guys have sex with him?" I asked unbelievingly.

"Yes Donnie, pay attention, he knocks $100 off my monthly rent every time I give him a shot, and as far as his kissing, he is the best kisser I have ever met, for real. His hickies, I don't care for them either, but that old man can also eat a pussy like a lesbian." Krissy laughed, then pulling up the leg of her shorts and showing several hickies way high up on her inner thighs.

"Ewwwww, for real? It looks like leaches ate you alive." said Jeannie. 

I was so bummed, shocked and totally destroyed. The thought of Mr. Steinberg fucking my secret crush Krissy, just floored me. The thought of him kissing her and her liking it, that crushed me even more. Old Mr. Steinberg getting to touch my angel's body while I thought I had a chance with her, well that just knocked me out to the max. I couldn't process it, it just wasn't sinking in. I just couldn't believe he was fucking Krissy and both the other girls.

"So...I have an idea." Krissy said like a light bulb went off over her head. "Mr. Steinberg wants some ass and none of want to do it, sooooooo, this sounds like a job for Super Donnie." she giggled. "Ooooh please Donnie. Help us out." she said as she hugged me tightly, laughing and smothering me in fake kisses all over my face, "Let him have your ass, I bet we can set it up for you, and you do need the break in rent."

"But I'm not gay, I've never been fucked by a cock or even sucked one. I've never even thought about a man that way." I begged off.

"Donnie, I bet I can set it up for you, I was actually gonna see him tomorrow. I could drop a few hints, tell him that you are gay, tell him that you're horny and need some, and you do need some help on the rent." Stephanie said seriously now.

This same rhetoric went on for the next hour, the girls trying to persuade me into doing this and me begging off. Them telling me how I might like it, that I should try it and that they knew I didn't want to ask my mother. All good arguments for sure, but still, I wasn't gay and I was scared to try it, for a lot of reasons. I almost said okay, but settled with "I'll think about it." and went back to my apartment to sleep.

That night, I dreamt about Mr. Steinberg. He was in his workout clothes, all sweaty and he was fucking me from behind. The dream was totally surreal, actually ridiculous, totally unbelievable. He had this unreal body of a 25 year old Arnold Schwarzenegger, obscene muscles everywhere. In the dream I was somehow actually watching myself getting fucked by Mr. Steinberg, like in a movie and his cock was an impossible 3 feet long and 1 foot wide. His balls were the size of cantaloupes and he was shoving all 3 feet of his unreal cock up my ass, all the way, which in reality would have come out my throat if it went in that deep, but in my dream, I was loving it. 

It was so erotic, so sexy, even though his physicalities were so exaggerated in the dream, I woke up panting and in a sweat. I myself, was amazed that my 5" cock was so hard and I even had to masturbate so I could go back to sleep. After just a few strokes, I squirted all over my belly and fell asleep. The next couple of days, I couldn't get that dream out of my head and every time I thought about it, I got a terribly hard erection and jacked off again. 

When I got home from classes on Friday, two days before rent was due, which I know knew was gonna be $100 short, Stephanie was standing on my door stoop.

"Donnie, great news, I spoke to Mr. Steinberg and he said yes. I told him a little fib, I said you were gay, had done this before, loved sucking cock and getting your butt fucked. He said he has looked at your ass and legs more than once and would love to, in his words, pop your keister." Stephanie said it like she expected a thank you from me and I felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand up as she continued talking, almost having trouble breathing as we went inside my apartment and talked.
