 I have always thought of myself for the most part as being straight, but like so many guys who don't like to admit it had always wondered what it would be like to suck some cock.

I had experimented in with some friends and guys I met from time to time. I was always told how good it was. Little did they know how much I enjoyed. I found that I really liked and had a talent for sucking cock and being able to swallow, most of the time, every drop of cum served up to me. What I did miss I would get to after I'd finished. Swallowing a hot load of cum was something that really turned me on. Many times I would cum just from getting a mouthful without ever touching my cock.

My attention then turned to females but sex with them never really satisfied my appetite. I found myself thinking more and more about the satisfaction I got with guys. In this little town I thought I had to be with females to maintain an "image". It got to the point where I found myself jerking off every day. Anytime I felt the need I would do it no matter where I was. I had never forgotten what it was like to suck some cock and swallow a hot load of jizz. I found myself thinking about it a lot. Re-living those times always brought out the best of orgasms during my jerk off sessions. 

One night as I lay in my bed jerking off, I kept thinking of having a hot load of cum to taste to get me off. Then I thought why not. I propped myself up with my feet over the headboard so my cock was right above my face. When I came I caught as much in my mouth as I could and swallowed every drop. From that day on I almost never jerked off without eating my own cum.

It was shortly after that I decided to find guys who wouldn't mind another guy sucking them off. I began stopping at highway rest areas, public rest rooms, parks and anywhere I could find some horny guys that wanted blow jobs. I had always wondered what it would be like to suck and swallow several guys at one time. It became an obsession with me. I could not stop thinking about it. 

My wish came true one night at a party where everyone was "straight". A few of my friends had heard about my escapades but only one of them Bobby ever took me up on it and would let me suck him off whenever the chance was there. Of course I had to promise not to let anyone know. He of course never blew me but once in a while when he was somewhat drunk he would jerk me off while I sucked his cock.

Now back to the party and what happened later into the night. As is usually the case a lot of the guys who were trying to score babes were striking out. One of them was Bobby. He came up to me and asked if I'd like to go out in the small wooded area at the back of the house and blow him. I was out the door behind a tree with my pants down and on my knees in seconds and it wasn't long before I was swallowing a hot load of Bobby's.

What I didn't know was that Bobby had told four of the other babe less guys at the party, knowing of my fantasy, that I would blow them too. All four guys were there watching me blow Bobby and when I finished him off Kurt had his hot hard fat cock in my face. I swallowed him right to the hilt and had him blowing his load in minutes. I was in heaven and came when Kurt shot off in my mouth with a good size load. By then all the guys were hard and had there cocks out and ready for me. 

Next was Tom. He had the smallest cock of the bunch but it was kind of thick and he had shaved completely. I love to suck a shaved cock and set of balls and went to town on him. Licking him all over I was driving him to the brink and I had him cumming almost as soon as I swallowed his cock. A nice size load of good hot cum that surprised me. As I wasn't ready for such a big load I lost a bit of it and had to lick it off his cock and balls then went back down on him and sucked until I sure I had gotten all of it.

Paul who had the nicest cock in the bunch was next. It was very long, a good nine inches at least, but kind of slender with a nice smooth head. I wanted my time with Paul to last. I spent time licking his cock from tip to base and sucking his balls then I would swallow him and suck him while my tongue danced around his cock. When I felt like he was going to cum I went back to licking his cock and balls driving him crazy. I couldn't believe how much pre-cum was drooling from his cock it was almost as though he was cumming. I can't put in to words how good that tasted. Well he had had enough of me teasing him and ordered me to suck his cock. When I went back down on him he grabbed my head and drove his cock all the way down my throat. Seconds later he was yelling for me to get ready for the biggest load of cum I ever had and that I better not lose one drop. He bellowed as he started to cum and I could not believe how much was pouring down my throat. He let go of my head and let finish him in a way that would allow me to taste his cum. I pulled my mouth back a bit but kept my lips wrapped tightly around his cock and let him keep filling my mouth and swallowing to make room for the next blast to fill my mouth once again. That happened four or five times and I just kept sucking and swallowing. Next thing I know I felt a warm wet mouth swallow my cock and I started to cum almost instantly. It was Bobby and as he sucked me dry I kept right on sucking Paul to get every last drop.

When I looked up poor guy Danny was still waiting his turn. By know I had been sucking cock non-stop for at least 45 minutes and had cum twice. When I looked at Danny's cock he was soft but the best thing about his was that he was un-cut. Oh how I couldn't wait to get my mouth on him. I had only sucked 2 other guys that were un-cut. I had such a great time with Danny's cock. Being able to pull his foreskin back and lick the head then I would let my tongue slide up inside his hood and swirl it around. As he started to get hard I just put him in my mouth so I could feel it grow. I was shocked at how much larger he got when he was hard. His cock was so stiff his foreskin was stretched completely and the head of his cock was swollen and a dark purple color. Like Paul he to had copious amounts of pre-cum. What a treat he was. Before long he told me he was going to cum and tried to pull out of my mouth. I grabbed his cock and started sucking like I never had before. That was it for good old Danny boy as he filled my mouth with what was my fifth load of the night. Can you say oh my god is this really happening? Well I tried to keep Danny in my mouth but he told me it was so sensitive after he came that if I kept on sucking him he might start to pee.

I had the most awesome feeling come over me right then and there. My cock got so hard so fast at the thought of what I was about to do. I almost couldn't believe what I was doing. Danny was peeing and I was drinking it down right from his cock. I almost choked but managed to swallow almost all he let go. I was about to bust my third nut of the night and as Danny pulled his dripping cock from my mouth Paul stepped in front of me with that wonderful cock of his. With my mouth still more than half full of Danny's pee I leaned back as Paul fed me his cock and immediately locked my lips around him. Paul let out a yelp as he felt the warmth of Danny's pee around his cock. He kept telling me how incredible it felt and not to swallow yet.

The next thing I know Tom is standing there and saying how much he was enjoying what he was seeing and was as hard as a rock. He looked at me and asked if he could suck my cock and without waiting for an answer he went down on me. It was then that I went back to work on Paul. He kept saying what he had been all along while jerking his nice long cock. Please just wait a little longer before you swallow. Just then Kurt came over and went down on Tom. When Paul saw that he bellowed out as he did before and started filling my mouth instantly. I will never forget what it was like swallowing Danny's pee and Paul's cum at the same time. The taste was so unlike anything I had before or since. On top of all that I swear that Paul was giving up an even bigger load than the first one.

Without saying a word I just let go right in Tom's mouth. He took it like a pro and swallowed my entire load. Then Tom let go in Kurt's mouth. He let Tom finish cumming. Just as I was finishing Paul and milking him dry Kurt came over pulled me off him and tilted my head back. I opened my mouth and as he put his to mine and fed me Tom's cum. We started french kissing each other as we shared Tom's cum. 

After all that had gone on I was really getting tired and sore. That's when Bobby came over to me jerking another big hard-on and asked if I could finish him. He told me it wouldn't take long and he was right. As he put his cock in my mouth soaked with pre-cum he started to cum before he even got it all the way in my mouth. There I was swallowing yet another load of cum and didn't have to work for it.

I thought that was the end of it but as Danny watched all the action he too came over to me. His cock was as hard as I had seen it earlier. He looked at me with a big smile and asked if I could handle one more treat. That was all I needed to hear and took cock in my mouth yet again. Remembering what I had done to Danny earlier I just looked up at him while I was devouring his cock. He knew exactly what that look meant. Before long my mouth was being filled with another load. Knowing this was to be the last of the night I kept as much of Danny's cum in my mouth. As I was working over his cock with my mouth full, Danny did just what I was hoping. He began to pee in my mouth again and I got to taste another mixture of Danny's piss this time with his cum. As sweet a treat as Paul's cum was, this one was even better and again without touching my cock got off for the fourth time that night.

This is a true story and was told just as it happened. Although it was never repeated again, I will never forget the most intense sexual pleasure of my life. I swallowed eight loads of cum two of them with a mixture of pee and shared another load in a kiss. This all took place in the space of an hour and a half. Most of the guys didn't talk about that night but I did have the pleasure of sucking off three of the five from time to time for almost a year after.

This took place about twenty-five years ago and to this day when home alone and want to have a real good jerk-off session I do it in the tub so I can re-live some of that night by taking some of my piss with a load of my cum. I hope you enjoyed and will let me know if you did. It's the first time I have ever written about any of my experiences and I do have more. None will compare but I do have some more very hot tales to tell if you are into cum eating.