 Ray woke up that day with no idea that he would end up sucking a cock again. He worked around the house, did some dishes and general cleaning, ran a few errands and got back to the house about 3pm. It was cold outside so he decided to jump online and see what was going on.

He logged on and started to surf the regular rooms he liked to visit. He chatted with a few guys, but no one seemed to have a time frame that matched with the time he had available. Granted, his time was at a premium, but he really needed to find a cock to suck. After about 2 hours, he felt that he would just have to whip out his cock and jack off for a little tension relief. That's when he was got the first message from his latest friend.

Ray was looking for a guy to get together with and so was his new friend. They chatted for a little while and decided that they were interested in meeting, and then the worst thing happened. His new friend had logged off. He was really bummed out as he waited to see what would happen next. Luckily his friend was soon back online, and they started to plan for a quick meeting later that afternoon. 

He found out his new friend's name was Bob. Bob was an older gentleman, but very interested in getting together. So Ray and Bob chatted for a few more minutes and decided to meet about a half hour later at Bobs house. This worked out great for Ray, as he needed a shower before meeting Bob.

Ray jumped into the shower and started to clean himself off. He rubbed the warm water all over his skin and made sure he was clean all over. As he washed his cock, it started to grow in anticipation of the events to come. He carefully kneeled down and washed his ass hole, he wanted to make sure it was clean and inciting to his new friend. It felt so good that Ray almost cleaned a little to long. He stepped out of the warm shower and dressed quickly. He made his way outside and jumped into his pickup. It was cold outside and he couldn't wait to get into Bob's house and warm himself up with his new friends cock and balls.

He drove the few miles to Bobs house just as it was getting dark. He drove down a street with nice houses and found the address that Bob had given him. He parked on the street and walked up to the door. As he approached, the door swung open and a distinguished looking gentleman stood in the doorway. He was dressed in a simple cloth bathrobe and looked just wonderful. Bob invited him in and they shook hands and introduced themselves to each other. 

Ray dropped his shoes in the entryway and they made there way into a bedroom. Bob dropped his robe and immediately Ray noticed that the man standing in front of him. While Bob was on the older side of 60, his body was tight and looked great, he had gray hair and a day's growth of bear. Ray though "This is a great looking guy, I hope I look this good after 60". Ray let his eyes slowly move down until he saw Bob's cock. It was at least 7" long and at least 4" around. It was standing up at attention and looked like it needed some consideration. Ray quickly removed his cloths and they embraced. 

They kissed and their tongues intertwined and they felt and touched each other's nipples and cocks. It was obvious that they enjoyed each other, so Bob showed them into his office, a gay male porno played on the VCR and Bob motioned for Ray to take a seat in the overstuffed chair in the corner. Ray sat down as Bob kneeled down in front of him and spent the next 10 minutes slowly sucking on his cock. Bob slowly licked up and down the shaft and moved his mouth around the sides. He slowly let Rays cock into his mouth and took it all the way down to his balls. Ray had never felt a blowjob start this good. It looked like it was going to be a great evening. 

After a few minutes they moved to the blanket on the floor and started a sixty-nine with each other. Ray could not believe how big and hard Bob's cock had become. For an older guy Bob sure had a nice piece of equipment. Ray moved his head down and started to lick and nibble on Bobs nipples, it was obvious that Bob liked this a lot from the moans that escaped his mouth. Ray slowly moved down and took a hold of the large cock in front of him. He had never sucked on a cock this big. Ray took Bob's cock into his mouth and slowly moved his mouth down until he couldn't take anymore. Ray wasn't quite all the way down to the bottom, but he knew he would have to try to get there later. Ray started to move up and down the slick shaft as he brought his hand around to start playing with Bob's balls. 

This went of for at least a half an hour and He and Bob sucked on each other's cocks, balls, and took their time to totally enjoy each other's bodies. All this was going on with the background music provide by the porno playing on the VCR. After they both had taken turns sucking each others cocks and balls and nibbling on each others nipples, Bob suggest that they move into the bedroom were it would be more comfortable. Ray agreed even though he hated to take that wonderful cock out of his mouth. 

As they walked in to the bedroom Bob had Ray lie down on the bed, crossways, and near the edge. Bob positioned himself on a small stool that put him at the perfect height to suck cock and balls. Ray had never felt anything so incredible. Bob's warm mouth engulfed his manhood slowly moving from having his whole cock inside the warm wet mouth, to having just the tip in Bob's mouth. Then Bob lifted Ray's legs up onto his shoulders and started to work his tongue down towards Ray's Balls. Bob kept licking and sucking and playing with the legs wrapped around his head. Finally Bob's tongue found its target. Bob lifted Ray's legs slightly, and stuck his tongue into Ray's asshole. Ray was in heaven. It felt so good to have Bob's tongue licking and sucking and probing at his asshole, Even though this lasted 10 or minutes it seemed like only a few seconds. 

Finally Bob could no longer take the little stool and he moved up onto the bed next to Ray. They moved once again into a 69 and sucked each other like wild men. Ray took Bob's cock into his mouth and slowly moved his head lower and lower. Ray wasn't sure he would be able to take all of Bob, but he sure wanted to try. Ray relaxed his throat and Bob's long hard cock was all the way in. Ray was proud that he had taken the whole thing into his mouth and showed it by making sure he did it again and again. This made Bob very happy and he moaned loudly and kept saying what a talented cocksucker Ray was. They rolled around all the time sucking each other's cocks, licking and sucking on each other nipples and generally enjoying each other to the max.

Finally, Bob could hold out no longer, he told ray to move so that he could touch and see his wonderful legs. Ray lay down beside Bob and started to lick his balls and play with is ass. Bob reached down and grabbed his cock and started to fist it up and down, he moved faster and faster, making long strokes over that large wonderful cock. Finally, Bob could take no more and he tensed his whole body. Ray could tell that Bob was about to cum so he moved above Bobs cock and licked the tip until he came. Being an older guy, Bob may not have cum in buckets, but he cummed enough and Ray loved the fact that cum landed all over his face. Ray then leaned in and cleaned the rest of the cum from Bob's cock until Bob couldn't take being licked anymore. 

Bob wanted to make sure that Ray was also taken care of and started to talk dirty to Ray as he fisted his own cock. While Ray's cock might have been only 6" it sure seemed to get bigger at that moment. His cock was getting sloppy from the pre-cum leaking out and down his shaft. Ray ran his hand over his cock faster and faster until his balls started to pull up against his ass. He let out a monster groan and he started to pump out his cum. Since Ray had jacked off earlier that morning, it wasn't a large load, but sure was a satisfying one. Ray felt the sticky residue all over hic cock, balls and belly.

Bob and Ray lay next to each other for a few minutes as they caught their breath. Finally Bob moved off the bed and got a towel so that Ray could clean up. Ray carefully wiped the trail of cum off of his belly. It was obvious that both men had enjoyed the past hour and they started to talk about meeting again.

Ray slowly dressed, and then they kissed and hugged and moved back into the living room. Unfortunately this evening had to end, but they made plans to meet again as soon as their scheduled would allow. Ray left with a hearty handshake and a wishing of happy holidays. As Ray walked to his truck, he couldn't help but think, "That was great, I can't wait to get together with Bob again."

Ray slowly pulled from the curb and looked back at Bob's house with a huge smile on his face and a warm spot in his belly. For a day that started out to be mundane, it sure turned out great.

People seemed to like my first attempts at erotic writing so I thought I would try again. I really appreciate all the feedback and I hope that you enjoy this story based on my real life experiences. Happy holidays to all!