 I arrived at his house as scheduled. Last week, I had been invited to a wrestling match with John, and to my utter disbelief, he stripped me naked and humiliated me in front of a camera. I only hoped he hadn't sent the video elsewhere, or I will be screwed. John greeted me on the front door, complete with his nice-guy persona and all, but I know his true personality now and I won't get caught off-guard again.

"Hey Sam, how're you doing?" he said.

"Cut the crap, John, what do you want from me?"

"A rematch, right here, right now. If you win, nobody will ever know how hard I kicked that fat ass of yours. And if I win, then you're going to be my slave. You will come immediately whenever I call you, wrestle when I tell you to, and you will get on your knees whenever I ask you to. Deal?"

His words struck me. The stakes are obviously unfair, but what else can I do? I couldn't let that video get anywhere outside this place, or else I'd risk losing face. Besides, it's not like he could win a second time. Sure, he caught me off-guard last time, but now it will be different. This time, I'll kick his skinny ass and humiliate him the same way he humiliated me.

"Deal," I said.

We went down to the basement. Once we were there, I took off my clothes, leaving me only in my black briefs. John did the same, and I could see he was wearing boxer shorts. Suddenly, he took that off too, leaving him with nothing to cover his athletic butt.

"Oh, I forgot to say that both of us should wear nothing in this fight."

I stood there, wide-eyed. It took me a moment to regain my composure. I thought I was too far in by this point, and besides, it's not going to change the outcome anyway. I would still beat him, naked or not. I silently took off my briefs, my flaccid cock flopping out into the air. I could see him smiling.

We climbed into the ring, and then immediately circled each other. I thought about how I should proceed. Even though John had a muscular body, I had a good six inches over him, and combined with my heavy build, I must have outclassed him in term of raw power. He was quick, though, so I believed it would be hard to grab a hold of him. Before I could finish my thoughts, John lunged at me.

His fist went flying straight at my face. I dodged that, barely. He stepped back almost instantly, not giving me a chance to counterattack. I jumped at him, trying to get him in a hold. He sidestepped, then I felt his fist jabbed at my midsection. I turned around, but by then he was already two steps away from me.

Frustrated, I charged straight at him. He dodged it again, and I thought he would jab my gut again, but instead he kicked my knee. I dropped to one knee, breaking the fall with one hand. Then I felt his arms went around my neck, tightening and blocking my airflow. I managed to stand, carrying him on my back, then I searched for the turnbuckle. I slammed him into the padded pole, weakening his sleeper hold. I broke off the hold and turned to face him. Got him, I thought.

I grabbed the ropes and rammed his abs using my shoulder. He grunted. I did it again, this time harder. I pulled back, aiming for another one, when he clapped my ears. I staggered back, the whole world spinning for a moment, and that was all he needed to turn the table.

John's fist slammed into my unprepared gut. It was hard. So hard that I doubled over and dropped to my knees. I coughed, saliva coming out of my mouth.

"Is that all you got, old man? I haven't even broken a sweat yet," he taunted.

I rose to my feet, still a bit groggy. As soon as he was aware of my opponent, he was already onto me. John released a couple of quick jabs on my gut, but they weren't as bad as the previous one. I swung wide, but he ducked in time. He shot another jab at my gut before stepping away from me. My gut was red and a bit sore by that point.

I approached him carefully, both arms in front of my chest, ready to grab hold of him. He punched, and I tried to guard against it when he pulled back. That was a feint. Then he went forward and landed a fist square in the gut. I managed to flex it in time, but it still hurt. Seeing an opportunity, I wrapped my arm around his head and fell backward, bringing him down with me. His head hit the mat with a thud. 

We grappled for a bit, me trying to get him into a submission hold, and he trying to reverse it. I'm drenched in sweat by this point, and so was John. He slipped out of my grip and managed to sit on my back. I could feel his dick resting on my back. Then he locked his hand under my chin and pulled my head back. He got me in a camel clutch.

"Submit, old man," he whispered.

"Ughh... f-fuck you..." I replied meekly.

He pulled back, and the pain started to become unbearable. I knew I had to get out of this somehow. I grabbed his legs and, with herculean effort, rolled him to the side. He fell off. My neck hurt quite a bit, and it took me a couple seconds to regain my composure, but John was already on me again. He locked my arm with one of his, and I knew immediately that it was an abdominal stretch. My bulging gut was exposed to him and before I could react, his other hand clawed at my tender breadbasket.

I yelped. It hurt a little, but there was another sensation mixed in. As John used his fingers to poke and probe my belly, I saw my manhood growing in size.

"Hmm, you liked that, don't you," he said.

I couldn't believe it. Here I was, manhandled by a guy smaller than me, yet some part of me enjoyed it. I tried to break free, but I couldn't find my strength.

Once my fat cock reached its maximum length of 6 inches, John started punching my gut. I flexed it, hoping to at least minimize the damage, but I couldn't hold it after a dozen punches. His fist sunk deeper and deeper in my gut, and I groaned with each hit.

After a while, my gut was all red and the pain had become numbing. My manhood was throbbing, itching for attention. I couldn't hold it anymore. The world around me disappeared for a moment, and I didn't care anymore about the fact that I was in a fight. I figured my free arm could reach my cock, so I went and started stroking it. Pre leaked out of it almost instantly.

"Oh no, you don't," John said. He released his hold and put me in another one. He captured both of my arms and his knee was on my back. "Submit to me, old bear, and I'll let you cum."

I knew I was finished. I have no strength left to break the hold, my gut was too sore to continue, and my cock was begging for a release.

Pride halted my mind for a second, but at this point I just wanted the fight to be over, to submit. Weakly, I said, "I submit."

"So you will be my slave from now on?"

"I- yes, sir, I'll do anything for you. Just let me off now."

"Then beg, to your new master."

I gulped, then I said, "Please master, let me off."

He chuckled, then let go of the hold. I fell back, hands on each side. I lay spread-eagled, staring at the ceiling, thinking of what just happened. Then I felt his foot on my cock, trapping it between his foot and my sore breadbasket. I gasped.

"First of all, nobody can know about this, not unless you wanted everyone to know how I humiliated your sorry fat ass," he said, while his foot was rubbing my cock. It felt so good I shot out a bit more pre. "Second, you'll come when I call you, okay? Or I'll come to you wherever you are and force you to submit again."

I couldn't hold it anymore. Just him rubbing his foot was all it took for me to shot out my load. The white liquid went between his foot and my gut, and then falling off to the side.

"Finally, you need to be trained as my new slave, and that means you will do whatever I command you to do. The sooner we start, the better, which means now. Get on your knees and start sucking my dick."

I hesitated for a second before my body rose almost automatically. John's cock was not fully erect, but it was almost as long as mine. I grabbed it and put it in my mouth. The taste of it almost made me spit it out, but that wouldn't be wise. I wasn't used to sucking someone's cock, so I tried to follow my instinct. John let out a moan.

"You're experienced at doing this, aren't you? Oh..."

I could feel his cock growing inside my mouth until I was unable to keep it all inside without choking on it. I moved my head back and forth, my eyes closed, hoping that this would be over soon. Then he grabbed my head and pushed me away, and I could see a string of saliva connecting my mouth with his 8 inches rod.

"Let's finish this the good way. Spread your legs," he commanded.

I followed without thinking. He positioned his cock and went inside me. I gasped. It was a mix of pain and pleasure. My semi-hard cock went stiff again almost immediately. I never thought being fucked would feel this good.

John put his hands on my pecs. For a moment I thought about how all of that gym workout and all of my hard-earned muscle, about how useless they were against this one guy. But none of that mattered now, I had been defeated.

I let my arms lay on either side of me as a support. I didn't need to touch my cock, it had everything it needed. It didn't take long for me to erupt a second time. To my surprise, I shot out a lot more cum this time. Batch after batch of sticky white liquid came out of my fat cock, landing on my big belly and on my new master. I moaned loudly. Not a second later, John released his seed inside me. It was warm.

We laid there for a few minutes afterward, John on top of me. Then we went and get dressed. My belly was covered in cum, and my ass was still leaking too, but there was nothing more that I wanted other than to get out of that place as soon as possible. John took me outside.

I glanced back before I returned to my car, and I could see him smiling.