 I live in Manhattan, in the heart of New York City. Well, almost the heart. I live on the Upper West Side, a fancy area, but I could only afford a small apartment there. Still, it costs a fortune each month in rent, but it's conveniently located, as it's near everything. Plus, I don't have to own a car. I can take the bus or the subway (or in a pinch, a taxi) to wherever I need to go. Perhaps most of all, I am near what's called the "music center," the district just north of Times Square, and a little west of Broadway, where there are hundreds of shops that cater to musicians and theatre people. It's where stores like Sam Ash, Tower Records, and G. Schirmer's are. In fact, for many years Schirmer's has been my favorite, publishing and selling so much great piano music. Plus, my apartment was a short train ride uptown to the Manhattan School of Music, up on 122nd Street. Lots of concerts, and a chance to mingle with the serious musicians.

Since childhood, I've enjoyed playing the piano, and took lessons, yet taught myself most of what I knew upon reaching adulthood. When I was in college, I thought briefly of applying for admission to Julliard, or maybe the Eastman School of Music up in Boston. (I decided I couldn't get into the Manhattan School of Music, so I didn't even give it a try.) Nevertheless, I decided to keep playing the piano not to become a virtuoso, but simply for the pleasure and joy it brought me. When I turned 30, I decided to sharpen my piano skills which had lay dormant in my 20s. I decided to hire a music teacher.

On the recommendation of a friend, I found Bob, a real prize of a teacher. Bob was an older man, he had taught piano in several conservatories in Europe. He was about 60 years of age. Maybe best of all, his studio was only a few blocks away from my apartment on 10th Avenue. When I first saw Bob I knew he was going to be right. Ah! A heavy, handsome older man. Actually, he was very heavy, with a fairly huge belly, and broad chest. However, the rest of him seemed to go well with his midsection. His full name was Dr. Roberto Moltissimi. He was born in Italy and came to New York around 1980. (Actually, he was named perfectly, for his last name translates to "lots" in English.) Bob had a Pavarotti-like beard, not too long or too short, and eyes that glistened. He dressed simply, in a white short-sleeve shirt and dark trousers. At our first meeting, when I saw his belly protrude, spreading open between buttons on his shirt, I knew I wanted to get to know him better.

Bob asked me to play something at our first meeting, just to show him what I knew. I sat at his Sohmer console in the practice room, and played a brief etude for him. Bob stood next to me, smiling broadly. 

"You have a lovely touch, Giuseppe!" he beamed.

"Just one piece of advice," Bob added as he sat on the piano bench next to me. As he sat, I could smell his body, fragrant and masculine, and I instinctively moved closer to him. I felt the warmth from his body radiate out toward me, and was comforted by that warmth. Fortunately, I am not too large myself or else we could not fit on the bench together! I keep myself in good shape, and pride myself on being a 35-year-old with the body of a man ten years younger. It helps to work out in the gym, and to spend as much time outdoors as the city allows.

From my first piano lesson with Bob, I could tell there was some wonderful sexual energy between us. He would look at me as I played, and I saw his admiring glances with my peripheral vision. When I finished, he leaned toward me, and put his left arm around my back, and gave me a hug. "Bello!" he said, smiling broadly. (I wanted him to kiss me, but felt too shy to admit it.)

About a week later, after we had ended one of my piano lessons with a hug, and a kiss to my head, Bob stood up next to me, behind the piano bench. He was not a very tall man, about five feet eight. I turned around on the bench to sit facing him, and saw Bob move his huge belly toward me. I leaned forward, and kissed his belly through his shirt. I could not put my arms all the way around him, but I did hold him on his sides as I leaned forward. My lips found the spread buttons down by his huge belly, and I saw the hair showing itself upon his belly. Leaning forward, I unbuttoned one more button, revealing his belly button, which looked huge. I kissed him there, and he groaned with pleasure. Wow, his huge Italian belly was turning me on. I felt my cock harden as I moved my tongue into his belly button. Bob giggled, and obviously ticklish there, pulled back a bit. 

As he pulled back, I noticed that he, too, was getting excited. Gently, I stroked the outside of his black slacks, feeling his sizable cock beneath the fabric. He threw his head back as I stroked, continuing to lick his beautiful belly. Bob unbuttoned his shirt, and removed it. He asked me to stand up. "I want to look at your legs, and that nice small butt!"

As I stood, he held me in his arms, and kissed my neck, and my chest. Slowly, Bob sat on the piano bench--we had changed places--as I stood before him. Bob stroked my blue jeans, and eagerly unzipped my pants. He pulled them down along with my underwear, and my cock sprung out, throbbing, and dripping with clear pre-cum. God, was I aroused from Bob's tongue on my neck, and his lips on my face! As I stood before him, he gently cupped my balls in his hand, and licked the tip of my cock, rubbing it in his hand as he moved it in and out of his mouth. I told Bob that I was going to cum, and he mumbled "Good. Cum in my throat!" He jammed my cock down his throat, and almost on cue, I exploded into his mouth, shooting my cum as he swallowed every drop. 

Looking at the clock, I realized that we had been at it for over an hour. Since I had to get on my way to work, I pulled up my pants, and after a strong hug from my new friend, I went to work at my evening job. I looked forward to my next piano lesson at Bob's studio.

The next week seemed to pass so slowly. Finally, my lesson day came, but not quickly enough. All week long I had had fantasies of Bob's belly, Bob's legs, his ass, and every part of him. I wanted to bury my face in his face, in his beard, in every one of my dreams as I fell asleep at night. Yes, I was so anxious to see my music teacher again. When I entered his studio, Bob hugged me, and stroked my ass and cock as he kissed my neck. But this time, I was determined to see more of Bob's beautiful body, and told him so. He motioned over to the sofa outside the practice room, locking the front door to the studio so we could have privacy. 

As he stood before me, I unbuttoned Bob's shirt, and undid his belt. His belly was gigantic, and beautiful, with dark nipples surrounded with swirls of gorgeous black hair. He turned around, and I slipped off his briefs. I put my arms around him, and felt his meaty cock from behind. As I leaned forward toward his back, I inhaled just above his ass, which smelled like perspiration--not a bad smell at all--but very masculine, they way you would expect an older man's ass to smell. I kissed it, and marveled at how fleshy and sweet it looked. Gently, I spread his ass cheeks, and kissed his ass all around his ass hole. Since he was moaning, I gently put the tip of my tongue in his hole, moving it slowly in and out, with a lot of saliva on my tongue, it slid in kind of easily. Burying my face in his ass crack, I put my arms again around his body, and felt his penis, which felt fairly heavy, and I stroked his balls, which felt absolutely huge in their bag beneath his penis. 

"I love your body, Bob" I told him as I came up for air. 

"Love you too, buddy," he replied.

Resting, Bob sat on the sofa, leaning back. His penis and balls perched on the tops of his huge thighs, like a bird sitting on its eggs. He turned, and laid down, on his back, on the sofa. "Come, buddy, and lie on top of me," he asked.

With joy, I got on top of Bob, my face toward his feet, in a "69" position. 

I spread my feet around his head. Eagerly, Bob began licking my legs, and the inside of my thighs. He rubbed my legs with his gentle but strong hands, moving his hands up to massage my ass. Soon, I felt my pre-cum sliding out of my cock, dripping onto his neck and chin. Moving his face up to where my cock was, Bob opened his mouth, and swallowed my cock. I moved up and down, sliding my cock in and out of his mouth. He spread my ass cheeks, and rubbed my ass as I moved my dick in and out of his warm mouth.

The best part was that I was able to smell Bob's cock and balls as I lie on top of him. His huge belly was soft, and felt wonderful beneath my belly. It was so large, however, that I had to bend my head down toward his jewels. And what jewels they were! Surprisingly, Bob's cock was circumcised, unlike most Italians I had known or heard about. But his penis was sweet and beefy, dark-skinned, with a large, swollen head. His balls were very dark, his sack very hairy. I inhaled deeply, smelling his manly crotch aroma. I kissed his penis, licking the point where it joined his balls. Tenderly, I held it in my hand, moving my mouth toward it. I opened my lips, and surrounded the head of his penis with my lips. Moving my tongue to the underside of his throbbing glans, I licked it up and down. After several minutes, I was ready to cum in Bob's mouth, but wanted to wait. 

I took his cock out of my mouth, and said, "Bob, I would like to cum in your mouth at the same time you cum in mine." He laughed with approval, and we went back to work on each other. Me, the younger man, he the older man, but both very much involved in feeling pleasure from the other. He soon was grunting "um-hum", "um-hum," his way of telling me he was about to cum. I, too, was ready to shoot, and shoot we both did. I came a split-second sooner than he, and I could not stop my orgasmic explosions, as I shot my cum into his throat. Bob, my wonderful music teacher, pushed his thick cock deeper into my throat, and I felt his spasms as his huge belly shook. He held my thighs as he pumped cum deep into my mouth. It tasted so sweet, and delicious, just like I knew this lovable man's cum would taste. 

I was exhausted, but it looked like Bob was making a quick recovery. He smiled at me, saying, "You know, I need to cum just one more time." This was good news for me, as I could not get enough of his sweet syrup. We changed places once again, with me sitting on the sofa, and Bob standing in front of me. His cock, amazingly, was getting hard again, still covered as it was with his last huge ejaculation. 

I stroked his penis as he stood there. With one hand, I held up his huge belly, which was sagging down, almost touching his cock. But I was able to stroke him well.

"Please, Bob" I begged. "Can you cum on my face this time?"

"Would love to, my buddy" he said.

I licked around the rim of his cock, and then sucked him even more than before, loving the idea that I probably would need to suck him for a longer time for him to cum again. That's what was nice about older men--they didn't shoot off so fast like younger men.

I switched between sucking him, and stroking his fat penis with my right hand. He stood and opened his legs wider, and said, "Put me back, baby, I'm going to shoot a ton this time!"

So I did, and concentrated on the red glans of his penis, pressing my tongue up against his throbbing cockhead. 

When I was sure he was about to explode, I took his penis and pointed it directly at my face, opening my mouth, but not closing my eyes--I wanted to see this beautiful cock at its best moment.

And then it happened: He shook all over--especially his huge belly--and his penis opened up and shot a huge burst, hitting me on the cheek. His second shot went right into my mouth--I tasted his sweet, sweet cum again. But Bob wasn't finished. Another rope went to the bridge of my nose, another to my other cheek. Putting him in my mouth for the grand finale, more cum shot out, on top of my tongue and down my throat. He almost collapsed on me, but simply rubbed the top of my back from above. I touched his cum that was on my face, and slid it into my mouth, enjoying it so much.

Bob sat down--collapsing--next to me on the sofa, both of us exhausted, but happy. I fell asleep, tucked under his huge arm, and smelling the wonderful aroma from his sugary sweet armpit. I kissed his armpit, licking my lips, tasting once again the sweet nectar he shot on my face. As I stood, I leaned over to kiss him. Bob hugged me and whispered, "Ti amo, Giuseppe!"