 Must. Have. COCK!

Nervously, he entered the bar. He tried to fit in with the fanfare, the decorations, and being "smooth", but he was here for one reason and one reason only. He needed to worship cock. 

Julian was once a hetero father of two, who had a fetish for shemales, and had always dreamt of sucking cock, until that night with Tonya. He learned that he not only liked sucking cock--it was his life's purpose. He needed to be mouth-fucked, and he had nowhere to turn, in his normal hetero life. He no longer cared if the cock's owner was dressed as a woman--the real fascination all along had been with worshipping cock. Shemales were just a stepping stone to get to where he was now. Now, Julian was in downtown San Francisco, where he told the wife it was a business trip, and told work it was a vacation, and he used some gambling winnings to book the flight. Now he had a room booked across the street, and he was walking into the Pink Stallion, a well known gay-bar.

Julian had no idea how to attract a man, but he figured, any guy with a cock would want it sucked. But that would be quite a forward approach. If he could just start a conversation, then maybe whisper it? He didn't know, and he was so shy, almost terrified. But tonight, nothing was worse than the pain in his heart from having no cock for almost two months. He sat down at the bar, and ordered a shot of Patron. Julian didn't drink much, but when he did, good tequila was it. 

"Two Fifty, sugar," the bartender said in a girly voice. 

Julian fumbled for his wallet and handed him a card. He slammed the shot, slowly spun his chair around, and looked around as he leaned against the bar. The place was packed, and Bad Romance was playing on the radio. The song echoed his feelings so much. 

As the tequila took effect, Julian started to get up his courage. It was actually a bit easier than approaching women--these were guys. Gay guys, but guys nonetheless. And he really just wanted to give, so it was a win-win. He was looking at a guy across the bar. This guy was young, short hair, and looked like he was built well. He was wearing a purple shirt, and a nose ring. 

After another shot, he started towards the guy's table. 

"I'm Julian," he said calmly (thanks to the tequila), as he reached out his hand.

The purple shirted gentleman looked up, smiled and offered his hand. Julian reached down and kissed his hand, as he would do for a woman.

"I'm Derek. What brings you here today?" he said with a wink.

"Just hanging out," Julian said as he sat down. "Is this seat taken?"

"No sweetie, but it is now!" Derek said cheerfully."So, do you live around here?" he continued.

"I live in Arizona, but I am here on vacation. We don't have any lounges like this where I live." Julian said with a smile.

"Well, that's too bad. This is a nice place, to meet, or whatever," Derek said as he waved his hands, palms up.

"I am here to do just that. I, well, I just love cock, and I thought I might get some here" Julian said. Even though he was buzzed, he still felt some adrenaline from making such a bold statement.

"Oooh OOh! I've got one!" Derek said, mockingly, then playfully slapped Julian's arm.

The both laughed, and Julian was becoming more comfortable. The talked and laughed, and discussed other patrons of the bar. He was starting to like Derek, and after awhile, he told Derek a summarized story of his night with Tonya. After the story, Derek looked like he was getting excited, and Julian felt it was time to 'pop the question.'

"Look, I have a room at the Hilton across the street. Wanna go have some fun?" Julian asked, in a surprisingly calm voice.

"I thought you'd never ask! Let's go" Derek said, as his eyes opened wide.

They left the bar, crossed the street, and rode the elevator up to the seventeenth floor. Julian was getting excited. As he was unlocking the door, Derek grabbed his ass and made Julian jump. 

"Wow, you have a nice ass!" Derek said, rolling his eyes and smiling.

"Thanks! I hear my mouth is nice also!" Julian said grinning.

They walked in, and Derek backed Julian against the wall, wrapped his arms around him, and started kissing him, with extra tongue. Julian was surprised. He had never been kissed by a man, but it was nice. During their embrace, Julian's hands wandered down Derek, and slowly reached in front, and down his leg. He felt a stiffening cock in there, and he couldn't resist. He backed Derek up in front of the bed, went down on his knees, and started undoing Derek's pants. Derek stripped off his shirt, and shimmied out of his shoes and pants. He had no hair on any part of his body. Smooth as a baby's butt. 

Julian stripped off his shirt, stood up and took off his pants as well, and there they stood, in just undies. Julian could see Derek's cock clearly through is underwear, and it was nice sized! He reached into his pocket, and took out his vial of Lidocaine that Jenny gave him on that fateful night. 

"Gag reflex..." he said, as he clambered into the bathroom and quickly drank a glass of water with a few drops.

He came back in, and Derek was standing in front of the bed. He knelt down in front of Derek, and slowly pulled down his underwear. Derek's beautiful 7" cock sprung out. It was lovely. Circumsised, fat, and a beautiful, long head. Julian wasted no time. He gently reached up and grabbed Derek's cock by the base, and flicked his tongue on Derek's slit. 

"MMMmmm." Derek said as he winced slightly.

Julian started licking his head like it was a lollipop. 

"Oooooh, that's nice! Mmmmmmm." Derek moaned.

Derek slowly backed up, sat back near the edge of the bed, and held one of his legs up with his arm, giving Julian good access to his package. Julian moved in, gently grabbed his cock by the head, and raised it straight up. Derek's balls slowly shifted out, and Julian started licking them, one at a time, while gently rolling Derek's cockhead between his fingers. Derek was starting to gyrate.

Julian leaned in, and sucked Derek's sack into his mouth. Yum, they felt so good in his mouth. They were puffy with cum, and he could feel each vein inside his sack. He began to roll each one around with his tongue, as he fondled Derek's puffy cock head.

"OOooh. MMMMMM! Oh god that is sooooo good" Derek said slowly, gyrating his hips.

Julian kept up his massaging and sucking Derek's sack. He knew from experience that he seemed to get more cum if he did this first. He began sucking Derek's balls in deep, and slipping his tongue out behind his sack, and tickling his spot.

"AYY Yess! OOoh that tickles! WOW you're good" Derek said as trembled at the tickle attack.

After tongue bathing Derek's sack, he raised his head up, and let his cock go. It stood tall, with the long puffy head all precummed up.

"Your cock is so beautiful," Julian said, as if in a trance. 

"Thank you! Climb up here, and let's see yours!" Derek said so cheerfully, he was almost singing.

Julian slithered out of his underwear, and climbed up on the bed, as Derek slid up into a laying position. Derek reached for Julian's cock, and gently took hold of his stiffness. Julian twitched with delight, and he gently grabbed Derek's. The two gently stroked each other, gyrating, twitching and moaning, while looking each other in the eye.

Finally, Derek sat up sideways and laid down so that his head was down by Julian's cock, and Derek's cock was right in Julian's face. He grabbed Julian's cock at the base, aimed it at his mouth, and started tongue-bathing him. Julian's hips involuntarily flexed towards Derek. Seeing the beautiful, huge cock in front of him, Julian went to work. Without even using his hands, he impaled himself onto Derek's dry cock. Derek twitched, and pumped forward, making his cock hit the back of Julian's throat. Julian missed this so much, and he was so thankful to have a cock in his mouth again! He slowly covered the cock in spit, and started humping in and out, easily hitting the back of his throat with Derek's cock. As he was doing this, Derek easily had Julian's whole cock in his mouth, and he was sucking him hard. Julian reached a hand back and cupped Derek's balls, and gently pumped them as he was sucking, and Derek's hips were matching his rhythm.

Derek was an expert cocksucker, and Julian was so close to the edge. Suddenly, Derek cupped Julian's balls as he was sucking and pumping his cock. The warmth of his hand, the hardness of his sucking, and his expert cum was too much for Julian. He shot a load right into Derek's mouth. Julian was cumming so hard, and he stuffed Derek's cock all the way down his throat as he pumped his cum into Derek's mouth. 

"MMMMMM MMMMMM!!! MMMM HMMMM! ACHGGG!! MMMM HMMMM!!!" Julian moaned, his mouth filled with cock. This was the only way to cum. With a stiff cock deep in his throat, Julian thought as he spasmed against Derek's attack. Load after load was met with more sucking and pumping. Julian's legs were jiggling and spasming uncontrollably. After some time, Derek finally withdrew Julian's cock.

"mmmmmmm" he moaned as he swished the cum in his mouth, swallowing with a smile, "I love cum!"

"MMM HMMMM!" Julian moaned in agreement. 

"You want some too?" Derek asked in a slow, sexy voice.

"Mmmm HMMMM!" Julian moaned, his mouth full of cock. 

Derek sat up and gently pulled Julian's head off of his cock. He pushed Julian onto his back, scooted up in the bed, and mounted Julian's chest. Leaning his body up he extended his legs, braced himself on the headboard, and slowly raised up over Julian, lowering his cock onto Julian's face. Julian opened up, his arms pinned down by his sides, and Derek guided his swollen cockhead right into Julian's mouth.

"Open wide, I cum a lot," Derek giggled.

Julian obeyed, and Derek slid his cock deep into Julian's mouth, until it was pressing the back of his throat. Derek pulled himself up further, causing his cock to bend backwards a bit, and Julian bent his neck back. This allowed Derek to enter his throat. He then started humping Julian's face, fucking the back of his throat, and moaning. 

"Ooooh that's it baby, that's it," Derek said sexily as he humped Julian's throat.

Julian's face and throat was being used as a fuck-toy again, and it was his favorite position to be in. All he could do, pinned down as he was, was tighten, and lick what he could, as Derek's cock was pleasuring itself deep in his throat. He moaned. He was in so much heaven, as hearing the sloppy sucking sounds of Derek's cock going in and out. He started moaning in rhythm with Derek's pumping, and extending his neck backward and up to meet each thrust. Soon, Derek was moaning in rhythm also, and his cock was getting even harder, his swollen head entering and exiting Julian's throat faster and faster. He started to twitch at each stroke, and Julian knew what that meant. Soon, he backed is cock out so that just the mushroom head was in Julian's mouth, and reached down to stroke with one hand.

"Oooh oooh OOOH! OOOH! AAAAAAAHH!!!!!" Derek screamed as he let go a load of cum right into Julian's mouth. Julian sucked an licked his head as he pumped each liquid load of cum into his mouth, hot man-juice delivered right into his mouth. He greedily sucked the head, and began trying to tongue Derek's slit. He could feel the heat from each load as Derek fired the salty sticky goodness into his mouth. He wanted it all. And Derek kept giving, as his body became less and less controllable, until he was just a wild animal relentlessly fucking Julian's face. Julian had swallowed mouthful after mouthful, and wanted more. He kept sucking, until Derek finally gave up, and rolled off and laid next to him.

Julian was lying on his side facing Derek, swishing Derek's cum around his mouth. He was savoring the taste, looking deep into Derek's eyes, watching Derek panting, his mouth wide open.

"Oooh, that was so good!" Derek said, out of breath from the mouth-fucking he gave to Julian.

Julian slowly swallowed, closed his eyes, and then looked deeply into Derek's eyes. 

"Thank you." Julian said, laying there in his happy place.

"MMmm, thank you! Let's take a nap, and do it again! I have plenty more where that came from!" Derek said, and the two kissed and drifted off to sleep.

<==-- The End --==>