 His cock and my submission to him are the basis of my fantasies these days. I dream of scenario after scenario in which I earn the privilege of sucking him off to completion. His pleasure is my reward. His cum is my food. His cock is my salvation. His ideas stimulate my lust and his authority frees me to pleasure him. This is our cycle of power.

I first saw it a few days ago in the locker room at the gym. My future Master had stripped off his gym clothes and didn't cover with a towel. It hung flaccidly, mid-shaft curving toward the floor with the tip well over his balls. Already thick and long it showed great promise once hard. The owner was hot too: mid-20s, blond, fit and handsome. He scored bonus points when he caught me staring and he winked. Then I got to see is firm butt as he walked to the showers. 

I never shower at the gym. But that day I stopped to consider it merely for the chance to see him naked and dripping wet. Would he know I want to suck his cock and wink to accept my non verbal offer or would he frown or call me out as a faggot and then try to beat me up? I couldn't be sure. Our club has gay members but it's not a gay gym like The Club is downtown. 

Holding onto caution and a good mental snapshot of my young Adonis, I left in haste for home. Once there I headed for my shower and lathered up to a nice hard orgasm as I thought about sucking his magnificent cock. 

A few days later I see him at the gym again. He is using free weights, working shoulders, biceps and triceps. His sculpted body reminds me of Adonis and in my mind I start to call him that. I watch him while I pedal a stationary bike, hoping one day soon to feel the power of his strong arms as he pushes me to my knees and makes me suck his cock. 

When he finishes his workout, I cut my exercise short and follow him to locker room. I have no plan. I just want to see him naked again, then go home and masturbate while I think of him. He is only 20 yards ahead of me but by the time I catch up he is naked and off to the showers. I take my time gathering my things and I wonder if today is the day I should take my first shower here. Looking around the room I realize it is empty, quite an oddity for 6 p.m. I spot my reflection in a wall to wall mirror. My profile looks okay, nothing like his, but I have some tone and I don't have the spare tire look like so many married men who exercise here. 

While I contemplate showering someone else enters the locker room. He's got more than one spare tire under there and I quickly turn to face my open locker. He selects a locker on the same wall as mine and starts to change into his gym clothes while I consider my choices. The man coughs several times.

"Are you sick or a hacking smoker?" I ask him.

"I'm getting over a cold." He says.

"How long have you had it?" I ask.

"It started yesterday." He says. His eyes are red.

"You should go home, drink fluids and rest. You're not getting over it, it's here and you could easily be spreading germs."

"Are you a doctor?"

"No. But I don't want to get sick because you're not smart enough to take care of yourself properly."

He coughs again. This time without covering his mouth he says. "Mind your own business doc."

I feel his wind and decide then and there I need a shower to wash away his germs. "Would you at least cover your mouth when you cough. It will limit the germ spreading to others."

"Fuck off." He says.

I shake my head and strip off my gym clothes. He coughs again and I turn my back side to him as my shorts come off. If he's going to give me germs they can land on my sewage plant. I don't want to get sick because this ass hole doesn't consider others. I grab the key and slip its band around my wrist and then I lock the padlock on my locker. A quick glance to the mirror and I make eye contact. I'm angry with purpose, not horny. So much for my fear of public showers, here I go. 

Adonis is in the last stall on the left so I choose the last stall on the right. His curtain is open and mine doesn't have one; so much for privacy. 

I turn the faucet knobs and then jump to the side as ice cold water splashes me. "Yikes." I say and feel a shiver come on. "Burr, it's cold." I add as though I'm having a conversation with myself.

The water warms in a few moments and I inch my body closer to the spray until I feel the water splash my arms and chest. It feels good and I lean in so the water can drench my face and hair. I feel optimistic that I'm washing the germs away soon enough. A soap dispenser hangs on the wall and I pump the handle. Blue jelly soap squirts into my hand and then I rub both hands together. Lather quickly forms and I apply it to my face as I close my eyes. Then I count: one one-thousand, two one-thousand, three one-thousand, etc. up to twenty. Whatever germs landed on my face should be killed now and I try to take solace that I did my best and whatever happens, happens for a reason.

I look around my surroundings. Blue and white tile line my stall. A teak wood slatted platform prevents slippage. There is decent space in here. Two men could fit in here easily. I pump more blue liquid into my hands and rub it over my body. It takes several return trips to the dispenser for enough blue liquid lather to cover my body. I lather my top half first and then I bend down and I turn away from the spray to wash my legs and feet. When I finish soaping up, I stand facing out and see Adonis staring back at me.

He is dripping wet and lightly stroking his lathered up erection. I smile immediately and feel my cock grow. I mouth to him. "I want to suck it."

He mouths back. "Come and get it."

I step forward as though in a trance and then we both hear the main door swing open. My Adonis holds his hand out and mouths. "Wait." But I am already frozen in my tracks. 

"One minute." I mouth back to him and then look at his crotch again. Perfection is only a few feet away and it feels like it will take an eternity to get there. Still I exercise caution and use the delay as an excuse to finish washing and rinsing. While the third person starts his shower I pump my dispenser for more soap and use it in my hair. 

Adonis is more brazen than I am and as I rinse my head under the water he joins me. I flinch initially and then I swoon as his hands slip over my chest and his cock nestles between my ass cheeks. I turn my head to the right and catch his whisper. "I'm Thad." He says. 

"I'm Bob." I whisper back. "Nice to meet you Thad." I add.

His hands slide down my body to my cock. The feeling is incredible and I realize I haven't washed it yet. I remedy that by pumping more liquid blue into my hand and then let it drip onto his hands and my cock. Lather forms quickly as I feel him use both hands to massage my cock and balls. It doesn't take much to turn me on and this is over the top. I pump more liquid into my hands and then reach behind me and search for his cock. He moves to accommodate me and then I get my first feel. Boy is it wonderful. 

My hands glide easily up and down his shaft. My right hand captures the head and my left hand slides downward for his balls. While he massages my equipment I massage his. As I feel my arousal take full effect I turn my head and meet his lips with mine. We kiss briefly and then he whispers. "This is really hot."

I turn to face him and he puts his arms on my shoulders. We kiss again and we make out like crazy while the shower sprays my backside. When our kiss breaks, his hands go to the top of my head and he whispers. "You need to rinse your hair more." 

He presses into me and moves us directly under the water. Then he massages all the soap out of my hair for me. When he finishes we kiss again and my hands go straight for his cock. It feels slippery and I lift my hand and see soap. "You need a rinse down there too." I whisper. Let's wash it off so I can have a taste of you okay?"

He nods and smiles as I move out of the way. He allows me to take hold of his cock and let the water wash away the soap. When it looks soap-free, I drop to my knees and take him into my mouth without waiting another second.

The spongy head feels wonderful as it slips into my mouth. I can't hear him as the shower sprays both of us. He turns us and I knee walk to turn with him while I hold his cock in my mouth. The wooden slats assault my knees. There is pain and I grimace momentarily but then knock it out with strong conviction. This cock is too good to let a stupid floor rack get in my way. When we stop moving, his back is to the shower and I am completely shielded from the water. 

The new position allows me to work on him as I please. On the other hand it puts me in the cold as he gets all the warm water. But the opportunity to suck his cock and the fresh clean taste that comes with it makes up the difference. In good fashion I look up and see him looking down. Eye contact with my Adonis makes the encounter so much hotter. Now I can feel his desire build not only in his ever hardening cock but also in the way that he looks at me. As I slide my lips along his shaft, each inch forward stretches my lips wider. He's big but not too big and I am too well-practiced with large dildos to let this opportunity daunt me. Practice makes a guy prepared and such is the case with me at this moment. It's the opportunity of a life time and I am prepared to make the most it.

When my lips meet the half-way point of his shaft, the head is well into my throat and I am no longer able to maintain eye contact with him. It doesn't matter. As soon as he tilts his head back I lower my eyes and focus on relaxing my throat so that I may take him deeper. The next inch pushes past my gag reflex and then the rest just follows with ease. I'm amazed more people can't do this. It's just a matter of relaxing and letting the cock go in. 

With my nose pressing into his hairless nether region and my chin at the top of his hairless ball sac, his hands find the back of my head and I open my eyes again. My lips are stretched wide and in this position I'm able to tilt and look up again. When I do he leans down and some shower spray hits my face. 

"Oh sorry." He says out loud and then hushes himself quickly. He laughs quietly, as quietly as possible and then he tries to fight it. As he struggles to maintain his composure his body moves and this makes his cock slip out somewhat. It is still wedged in my throat but the more he wiggles the more of it comes out. Finally he moves too much and the whole thing slips out. 

When I look up at him again he whispers. "Sorry."

I whisper "Want to take this back to your place?"

He nods. "After you make me cum."

His announcement turns me on in multiple ways and I kiss the head once and then look up at him. Taking hold of his balls and the base of his shaft with my left hand gives me the control I need to keep looking up at him while at the same time giving me opportunity to guide the head to my parting lips. As the head touches my lips again I stick my tongue out and give it a nice long lick while my Adonis watches. I manage just a few licks before he takes my head in his hands and forces the tip inside my mouth.

It's clear that he wants to be in my mouth and I let him have what he wants. His hands apply downward pressure and I take the hint well. In rapid fashion I swallow him whole. The result makes his cock throb and my throat expand. Very slowly he begins to rock back and then he stops and pushes forward again. I think I know where he is going and I do my best to relax for him. Again he rocks back, this time a little further and then he pushes forward. I really like this and just go with the flow. My breath is still under control and except for the dull pain building in my knees I'm a-okay.

Very soon Adonis builds to a steady pace of fucking my throat. He seems adept at giving me just enough time to breathe and then he goes deep again. When his cock head reaches my mouth, I focus on sucking it hard with pursed lips. It's really my only chance at making him cum unless he is getting the friction he needs by fucking my throat. I really can't be sure until we have a chance to discuss it.

After just a few minutes of throat fucking, my throat suddenly expands a lot wider and I realize he is about to cum. He says as much and then the eruption starts. The first blasts shoot down my throat and I don't taste them. Then I back off and the next few pool in my mouth. He tastes wonderful and I swallow the payload immediately. As the strength of his eruption subsides I start to suck hard on the head until the last drops of semen come out. When I know his balls are empty I swallow the remainder of what's in my mouth and look upward. He is all smiles and beckons me to rise. When I am on my feet I whisper. "I want more." 

He kisses me on the mouth. Immediately our tongues meet and I feel him search for and swallow any remaining cum left in my mouth. 

We turn again and this time my back is to the warm water and he goes down on me. He works the head only and I cum in about two minutes. He takes my full load into his mouth and when I am empty he rises. There is mischief in his eyes and in a moment I know why. He leans in and presses his lips to mine. Immediately he spills my load into my mouth and when he finishes that he says. "Swallow it slut." 

I swallow and then we kiss briefly before he whispers to be discrete in the locker room and meet him outside the club. Then he turns and walks out of the stall and turns left. I wait a moment or two as the water sprays my back. The temp has turned cold and I reach around to turn it hotter. As the heat returns I relax under the spray and savor the taste of my own cum direct from his mouth.

I grab a warm towel off the heat rack and dry off with it. When I feel dry, I toss the first towel in a bin and grab a fresh towel to wrap around my body. When I return to the locker room, I spot Thad and he looks at me and then I head to my locker. Other men are present too. Some shut their lockers and leave while others go shower. It's feels nice to be clean again and even nicer to carry two loads of man cum with the promise of more before the night is over.