 My first experience with a man happened in my teens. Like most teens my age, I was exploring my sexuality. My fantasies sometimes focused on the idea of letting a man use me for his pleasure. The idea of submitting to and servicing his cock made me very aroused, always culminating with me masturbating to a furious climax. Still, they were just fantasies. However, looking back, I guess I was ripe, in more ways than one, for what was to happen.

I played soccer in high school, and although we were always second class citizens to the football team, we did share their locker room and training staff. That was fortuitous for me since I had seriously hurt my left thigh during pre-season. I was able to soak it and get a massage by the trainer. Unfortunately, the training staff was not getting paid for their work with the soccer team, and when it became clear they were never going to get paid for it, they walked out.

That left the coaching staff to take over their duties until the mess was resolved. After practice, coach assigned his assistant the task of making sure everyone showered and got a ride home, while he tended to the injuries as best he could. Since my injury took the most time to treat, coach would get to me last. Which meant that we were there by ourselves for much of my treatment.

At the time, I was about 5’6”, 140 lbs. with medium length red hair and no body hair. Coach was in his mid-thirties, slightly balding and at 6’3” 240 lbs., he lumbered rather than ran down the field. Most of us, including me, were just plain terrified of the man.

Anyway, it was the first practice after the trainers quit. I was literally hobbling out of the showers when coach called me to the trainer’s table. I was only wearing a towel as I limped over. He asked me how the trainer had treated the injury and, after hearing my explanation, had me lay on my back on the table. Because of the bright overhead light, I had to close my eyes to keep from being blinded. I felt him move the towel off of my thigh, but he left it so that it covered my groin and waist. 

I took a deep breath and did my best just to relax. Coach was thorough in his rub down as he worked from the knee up. The trainer had stopped rubbing when he got close to the top of the thigh, and had not rubbed the sides much at all. But coach worked his hands to the top of my thigh and down the sides. As he did this, I could feel his fingers brushing under the towel and, as his hand worked the inside of my thigh, the back of his hand brushed against my testicles. Despite my discomfort, I began to get aroused. Frightened that he might notice, I tried desperately to think of anything that would take my mind off what was happening.

I imagine I was visibly relieved when he said, “ Turn over and I’ll rub down the hamstring.”

Somewhat awkwardly I rolled over, carefully keeping the towel covering my semi-erect cock and lay down with my hands at my sides. Once again coach moved the towel off the injured thigh, but was careful to keep my butt covered. And, as before, his fingers brushed under the towel grazing my ass. However, it all seemed innocent enough and I didn’t say anything. After a few minutes of kneading, coach let me go.

For the next couple of practices, everything proceeded like the first, with the sole exception that I felt a little more relaxed having coach treat my injury, which was slowly improving. After the fourth practice, events proceeded much as before; I showered and then he massaged the front, then the back of my injured thigh. However, there were two major differences. 

First, while massaging the front of my thigh, coach spent a lot more time rubbing the sides of my thigh. As he did, I could feel his fingertips brushing against my groin, and the back of his hand brushed frequently against my testicles. This time, despite my best efforts, I got an erection, which I prayed that the bunched up towel covered up. Coach did not say anything so I assumed he hadn’t noticed.

The second difference came when he asked me to roll over. This time as he got to the top of my thigh, he asked, “Would it be alright if I moved the towel aside so I can massage the top of your hamstring?” 

Sensing my hesitation, he said, “If your not comfortable with it, we don’t have to, but your injury might take longer to heal if I don’t.” 

Somewhat reluctantly I said, “If you think it will help, go ahead.”

He carefully moved the towel and exposed my left butt cheek. He then began a slow, deep kneading massage of my glute. He rhythmically stretched and pulled my left cheek causing it to press and then separate from the right cheek. As he did this, I sensed that the towel had shifted slightly to expose a little more of the crack of my ass. His massage felt really good though and it felt kind of erotic to have myself exposed in this way. 

At that point, I remember feeling very confused. I was uncomfortable with the situation because I didn’t know what I should have been feeling.  I decided that I had better not say anything because it all seemed innocent enough, and I was probably making a big deal out of nothing anyway. The massage ended and I got changed and went home. That night I masturbated like crazy and I decided that, although I may have been imagining things, I liked everything so far and I wanted to see where it would go. 

So, after the next practice, I showered and tried my best to contain my excitement and appear nonchalant when the coach called me into the trainer’s office for my massage. I climbed onto the table and lay back. I closed my eyes and lay back as coach began massaging my thigh. Predictably, my cock began to harden beneath the towel.

As he began massaging the inside of my thigh, coach asked, “ How does this feel?”

Somewhat puzzled, I said, “It feels good, coach.”

“Really?” he said, “I’m having trouble finding the tight spot this time. Would it be alright if I massaged your other thigh for comparison?”

I said, “ Sure, if it will help.”

I heard coach moving to the other side of the table and then I felt the towel being moved up off my right thigh. I felt cool air between my legs as I realized that the towel no longer completely cover the area between my legs under my testicles. Coach began massaging my right thigh much the way he did my left thigh. Even though I was turned on, I began to relax under his touch.

He startled me by asking, “Does that feel good?”

I said, “ Yes.”

“Good, but I can’t feel much difference between your left and your right, which hopefully means your injury has almost healed.” he said, “ Now, turn over and I’ll be back in a minute.”

Coached returned and started massaging the back of my thigh, As before, he worked his way up to my glute and began massaging it. Only this time, I felt the fabric of his shorts brushing against my hand. Puzzled, I cracked open my eyes and I saw what was causing it. Coach had changed his shorts from baggy soccer shorts to clean but much smaller running shorts. And, as coach worked my glute, his thick and obviously circumcised cock was brushing my hand!

I froze. Although I was turned on, his cock also terrified me. My friends and I had joked about cock sizes, but this was no joke. It looked huge and heavy as it strained against his shorts. Although I was aroused, I felt terrified and I wanted to run, but I felt powerless to move. If coach noticed my terror, he gave no indication. 

Then, he said, “I’m having the same problem as before. I really can’t tell if I’m hitting the right spot. Would it be alright if I massaged the right thigh again?”

Somewhere in the back of my mind I knew that this was it, and I hesitated.

Finally, I mustered the courage to say, “If it will help you find the tight spot, go ahead.”

Coach moved around to the other side of the table and said, “ Do you mind if I removed your towel? It’s getting in the way.”

My heart skipped a beat but I said, “No, it’s okay.”

As if sensing I might change my mind, coach quickly pushed the towel off of me exposing my naked ass and began massaging my right glute. He then began massaging my left and right glut together, all the while brushing his cock against my arm and hand.

After a while, he asked, “Does that feel good?”

I was getting turned on and I said with difficulty, “Uh, yeah.”

“Let me apply a little more oil”, he said, “then you can tell me when I find the tight spot.”

I felt him drizzle the oil on my butt and upper thighs, and I felt some of it run down my crack. I shivered inside as coach massaged my upper thighs and butt. It felt really good and I got really turned on when coach began spreading my cheeks and working his fingers into my crack. I held my breath and tried not to tremble as coaches’ fingers slowly and deliberately made their way to my anus.

“I think I may have found it”, he said as his finger brushed across my virgin hole, he asked, “Is that it?”

When his finger made contact with my hole, it sent an electric jolt of pleasure through my entire body. As a result, it was all I could do to lay still and respond to his question. Although I was probably the most aroused that I had ever been, I also felt embarrassed and ashamed for having this dirty, hidden desire, and for having it exposed so completely.

 “Uh huh”, I shyly whispered.

“I thought so”, he said softy. 

As his finger began tracing circles around my hole, he said, “Hmm, I think I know what you need. Do you want me to continue?”

As I struggled to come to grips with a response, coach began to slide a finger in and out of my hole. In response, I bent my left arm up to support me as I arched my back and let out a soft moan of approval.

Coach said, “I’ll take that as a yes.”

He continued to slowly and deliberately finger fuck me. I had no idea that this could feel so good. By now, I was softly moaning on every down stroke of his finger. After a few minutes of him finger fucking me, his voiced purred, “Mm, you really enjoy this don’t you?”

As my face burned with the humiliation of being exposed as someone who liked receiving anal sex, I could picture his triumphant grin at being the one who discovered my secret desire.

“Yes…”, I whispered breathlessly, “Please… don’t… stop.”

He chuckled and said, “Oh, don’t worry I won’t stop until I’m satisfied.” Then I felt him work a second finger into me, nearly taking my breath away in the process.

“You’re so tight”, he exclaimed. “But don’t worry, I know how to loosen you up.”

By now, I was rhythmically bucking my ass in time to his stroking fingers as the pleasure was causing me to build to a climax. As if sensing this, he pulled his fingers out of my hole and went back to massaging my butt. Immediately, I began to calm back down. 

“You like it when I rub your ass?” he asked.

“Yes coach!” I exclaimed.

“But what you really want is to be fucked, don’t you?” he demanded. 

As he said this, he plunged his fingers back into my hole. In response, I groaned with desire. He was right; it was that simple. Nothing turned me on more than the thought having him fuck and cum in my ass.

“Yes coach! Please fuck me!” I gasped.

He responded by thrusting a third finger causing me to convulse from the pain and the pleasure of his forceful entry. As I gasped for air while adjusting to this new stimulation, he said, “Oh, really? What do you want me to fuck you with? Huh?”

While I looked back at him questioningly, pleadingly, he rapidly began to thrust his fingers in and out of my ass. I nearly choked as I struggled to figure out what he wanted me to say. For Christ’s sake, I remember thinking, isn’t it obvious?

He looked me in the eye and growled, “What do you want?”

Again, time seemed to stand still. As the realization dawned on me, I looked at his cock and with my right hand, which had been gripping the side of the table, I began to caress his straining cock. He slowed the thrusting of his fingers as my tentative caresses became more confident. I slid my hand up and down its length feeling its thickness and heat as it throbbed under the fabric. My touch caused him to gasp and it pleased me to know that I could bring him pleasure. I worked my hand down his shaft to cup his heavy balls, which were larger than I expected. I marveled at their size and heft; they felt like large tennis balls as I carefully ran my hand over them. Lost in the pleasure of my innocent touch, he had stopped thrusting his fingers into me.

I looked up at him and smiling I whispered, “I want you to fuck me with your big cock.”

He grinned and said, “In that case, you better get on your hands and knees young man.”

He withdrew his fingers from my ass and stepped to the end of the table behind me. Although I did as he ordered, I was puzzled. I couldn’t see how coach would be able to fuck me from this position. As it turned out, he had other ideas anyway. Grabbing my hips, he pulled me back to the end of the table.

Then, he said, “Just close your eyes, I think you’re gonna like this.”

I closed my eyes and after a second or two, I felt coaches’ hands spread my cheeks and his tongue lick my anus. Needless to say, the pleasure was overwhelming. Having never been rimmed before, it was just so unexpected, so kinky, so dirty, so forbidden that it made my head reel. My body began to tremble as his tongue bored into me. After a minute or so, my arms refused to hold me up any longer so I lowered my head to the table while leaving my open ass thrust into the air. Coach alternated between swirling his tongue around my hole, licking the area between my hole and balls, and snaking his tongue inside me. All of these actions brought moans from me and reduced me to a quivering mass of jello. Lost in the pleasure of his rimming, I became dimly aware that I was bucking my hips against his tongue. I felt like such a slut, and I loved it.

The more he rimmed me, the more I became aware of my burning desire to service him. I wanted his cock. I wanted to taste it. I wanted to stroke it. I wanted to feel it thrust and explode inside me. And, I wanted it now!

I began begging breathlessly, “Please fuck me! Please fuck me coach! Please fuck me!”

He laughed, “In a minute, I’m not done yet.”

“Oh god! Pleeeeease fuck me!” I pleaded, “I’ve got to feel your cock!”

“Oh, really?” he said sarcastically, “How about settling for a taste of it for the moment?”

“Yes! Please! Anything! I need your cock!” I moaned. 

I felt like such a bitch in heat and I couldn’t believe he had me so worked up that I was actually begging for his cock.

“Okay”, he said, “Lay back down and rest your head on your arms. And keep your eyes closed.”

I did as he said, but I lay down with the side of my head resting on my arms. I heard him come around in front of me. I felt him pull me by the shoulders forward to the end of the table. And then, very gently he turned and raised my head up. And that’s when I felt it. Actually, I remember smelling it just before his cock brushed my lips. Unbeknownst to me, coach had stripped off his shirt and shorts, and now naked, was giving me my first cock to suck. It all happened so quickly that I did not have time to be nervous.

His cock was wet with precum when it brushed my lips. And, as I licked the precum from my lips, I felt my tongue lick the head of his cock. His precum felt hot and the taste was salty, though not unpleasant. I ran my tongue over the head of his cock, which made him groan. The head was hard, though spongy and it felt massive. He gently pushed his cock forward and I struggled to get my mouth around it. Thankfully, the coach in him took over.

“That’s it”, he said, “Open wide. Run your tongue over it. Oh yeah, that feels good. Now run your tongue up and down the shaft. Yeah, that’s it. You like that hmm? You really are a little cock slut, aren’t you? Yeah, I knew you were. Open your eyes and grab the shaft with your hand. Yeah, it’s big isn’t it? You can barely get your hand around it. Now pump that cock with your hand. Yeah, that’s a good little cock slut. Open your mouth and suck that cock while you pump it into your mouth. Ooo, that feels good. Now lick my balls. Easy… Easy… Yeah, that’s it. Now, run your tongue back up the shaft and all around the head. Polish that knob you little slut. Yeah, that’s it. You got it. Suck it into your mouth. Now, open you eyes and look at me.”

I loved the way he talked dirty to me. It loved it when he called me his little slut. He just knew I loved feeling that way. As I followed his instructions, I was glad I was able to please him, especially since I had not done this before. He was so large though, that I could only fit maybe three or four inches of him in my mouth before I would start gagging. All the while, I was licking up his precum and really getting into it’s taste.

He leaned forward and I felt his hands on my ass, spreading my cheeks apart. I spread my legs for him to give him better access. While I sucked his cock as best I could, he probed my ass with his fingers. He painfully stretched my hole, causing my eyes to water in the process.

After a few minutes, he stood up and said, “I think you’re ready to be fucked slut. You DO still want to be fucked?”

He knew I wanted it, but the bastard was teasing me. All I could do in response was to look up at him with my mouth stuffed with his cock and mumble, “Mmm, hmm.”

He sternly said, “Then roll over bitch!”

I rolled over onto my back exposing my painfully hard cock. It had been leaking too, so there was a wet spot on the table. I didn’t care. All I saw was coach walk to the end of the table, his meaty cock bobbing threateningly about six inches above the table. As I saw it, I panicked. I couldn’t imagine that huge thing inside me. I watched him apply oil to his cock and, despite my fear, the sight of him pumping his cock mesmerized me. Then coach grabbed me by knees and roughly pulled me down to the end of the table so that my ankles were resting on his shoulders. I was terrified. I felt his hefty shaft resting between my legs.

“Coach, I can’t do this! You’re too big! I can’t do this!” I protested.

“Oh, really?” he replied sarcastically.

He shifted his weight and felt his cock brush my opening. I gasped. He took his cock in his hand and rubbed the head up and down my crack and all around my opening. The feeling was amazing. I arched my back and moaned loudly. I didn’t care if anyone heard, I knew what I wanted.

He chuckled and said, “Sounds like you’ve changed your mind. Whatever happened to “You’re too big” and “I can’t do this”? Hmm?”

As he said this, he continued teasing me and all I could do was moan pleadingly, “Just fuck me. Please fuck my ass with your big cock.”

He said nonchalantly, “Only because you asked… It’s gonna hurt though. Just close your eyes and try to relax.”

I closed my eyes and I felt him position the head of his cock at my opening. I felt the pressure as he slowly pressed his weight forward. I tried to relax but my hole was resisting the intrusion. Just when I began to fear that it would never happen, I felt my anus give way and the head of his cock slip inside. The pain of entry was sharp but the discomfort of having his cock inside me was unreal. I literally saw stars.

As I gripped the table with white knuckles, I dimly heard him say, “You gotta breath. Take deep breaths. That’s it. Look at me. This is the hardest part. Keep breathing. It will pass. You just got to give it time to loosen up. Let me know when you can continue. You feel amazing. You are such a hot, tight, little cock slut.”

In spite of my discomfort, I grinned at him. He was right, the discomfort was slowly passing. After a minute, I nodded to him. He put his hands on my hips and slowly, but forcefully, eased his cock into me. The feeling was unreal. I could feel every inch of his shaft. It was so overwhelming that I orgasmed right then and there shooting gobs of cum all over myself. As my body convulsed and spasmed around coaches’ cock, he groaned and buried his cock deep into me. Lost in my own orgasm, I vaguely felt his cock throbbing as he spurted his load inside me.
