 I was pissed! I couldn't believe it! Five thousand dollars down the drain! I guess I should explain. About two weeks ago I moved from the small town I grew up in, out to Los Angeles to pursue a career in modeling. I'm 6'2," 185lbs, in very good shape, with well defined facial features. Growing up, it seemed like everyone I met told me that I should move out here, and be a model or an actor, or something in the entertainment industry.

Soon after moving out here I met with an agent, who promised to help me set up a portfolio, and that after that, the money and jobs would start rolling in! He said that, although it'd cost five thousand dollars to get all the pictures done, with the income that comes from the jobs we'll get, it'll be worth it!

So I gave him a check for the total amount, and I waited. I saw the money leave my account, and I waited. I called him several times a day for 3 straight weeks, and still nothing was happening. I had given this guy more than half of the money I had saved up for my big move, and from all appearances, I wasn't getting anything back!

I met him at a nightclub on my second night in town. Not knowing anyone in the city, I went out to a bar I'd heard of, and pretty much kept to myself at the bar. Pretty soon, the place was full, and I found myself in a conversation with this guy named Leo. He looked to be in his late forties, or early fifties, and he was about 50lbs overweight. He had greased back black hair, a mustache, and well, he kinda reminded me of Ron Jeremy, but a bit taller. 

Somewhere along the line, he told me that he was an agent in the entertainment industry, representing both models and actors, and that we should meet up to discuss business. He said that he couldn't promise me anything, but that he may be able to offer some guidance.

We met the following Monday at his office on Sunset blvd. I expected a big beautiful office like I'd seen in movies about LA, but instead, the office was on the ground floor of an older, sort of rundown building. When I walked in, I was greeted by Nina, a voluptuous Mediterranean looking woman, who looked to be about his age. From her smile I got the feeling that she'd come out to LA with the same hopes and dreams as I did, but that it hadn't quite worked out for her. 

Leo's office was a decent size, and there were piles of scripts and folders scattered about in an unorganized fashion. He sat behind his old wooden desk, in a big black leather chair, and smiled sleazily at me as I entered. He invited me to sit down, and we began to talk. Two hours later I was writing him a check for the costs associated to my new portfolio!

I left that place with the highest of hopes! I thought that this was the first huge step on my way to stardom, and I wasn't far off!

Here I was, three weeks into my big adventure, and I had lost half my money, and had nothing to show for it. I was starting to wonder if moving back home was my best option, but with everyone knowing where I was, and what I was doing, failure was not an option!

I started showing up at Leo's office daily, but always found it either locked down, or Nina would tell me he was out with clients. 

Finally, I caught up with him. It was 7pm on Thursday night, and I was actually heading out to do some groceries, when I noticed a light on in his office as I drove by. I pulled my car into the nearest parking spot, and ran into his office with rage boiling in my veins! I was again greeted by Nina, who claimed he was out, but I ignored her, and made my way straight through his office door. There he was, sitting at his desk, in what looked like a brand new suit, no doubt bought with the money I'd given him. Although I'd caught him by surprise, he seemed to know I was coming. He stood, offered to shake my hand, and invited me to sit with him to discuss why he hadn't gotten back to me sooner. 

Nina offered us cocktails. Leo asked for a scotch, and I took a vodka soda. About an hour or so later, I was feeling a bit light headed. Having had only two drinks, I thought it odd for it to be hitting me so quickly. 

When Nina came in with our third round, she started massaging my shoulders. My initial reaction was to ask her to stop, because I found it weird and uncomfortable, but then my shoulders started to tingle. I could feel every nerve that she stroked electrify. 

I started to think I had been drugged, but growing up, the worst thing I had ever done was to smoke a joint with friends in high school, so I wasn't sure. I found out later that Nina had been feeding me ecstasy in my drinks. 

Her massage spread from my shoulders to my back, neck, chest, arms... she was driving me insane! I could feel the blood rushing into my cock, and before I knew it, I had the biggest hardest erection I'd ever had in my life! I had come into this office, filled with rage and anger, with the full intention of doing whatever I had to do to get my money back, and here I was getting a massage from this cheesy looking woman, wearing far too much makeup, and clothes that were much too tight for her swollen frame, and I was more turned on than I had ever been in my life!

Just then, Leo stood, and made his way to our side of the desk. With the top three buttons on his shirt undone, a forest of chest hair jumped out, almost covering the thick gold chain he wore around his neck. He disappeared for about 10 minutes, and when he came back music was blaring. He then took Nina's place massaging my shoulders. Nina slid around in front of me, and started to slowly dancing to the music while she removed her clothes. Leo took my hands, and placed them on Nina's dancing body. She grabbed my hands under hers and started massaging herself. First her hips, then up over her ample breasts, and up to her mouth, where she worked each of my fingers into her mouth, and gave them a good tonguing. She then left my hands to do their own work, as she continued to disrobe. She started with her shiny black silk blazer, sliding off her arms onto the floor. She then unzipped her matching skirt, and let it slide gracefully down her thick thighs. There she stood, in black thigh high stalkings, a lazy black thong, and a pink silk slip covering the bra that supported her massive tits. I had never been attracted to bigger women before, and maybe it was the drugs, but she was driving me insane! I couldn't get enough of her. My hands worked every part of her large body. 

Nina slide down onto her knees in front of me, and unzipped my pants. Leo picked pulled me up about an inch, and before I knew it, I was naked from the waste down, but didn't care! She swallowed my cock like a pro! Working the shaft with her hand, while she tongued my balls, then switching up and swallowing my cock whole, as she gently massaged my sack with her hand. 

At this point, Leo had stopped massaging my shoulders, and he moved around to stand next to Nina. Without missing a beat, she reached up, and pulled his semi hard cock from his already undone pants. Her mouth then left my crotch to start working on his. Her right hand continued to stroke my raging hard on, but her mouth was focused squarely on his tool. Not only was this my first time in a "casual sex" situation, but it was also the first time I had ever seen another mans erection live and in person.  

At first I was disgusted by it, based purely on the idea of what it implied to be seeing another man being sexually satisfied in my presence. But with Nina's handiwork keeping me on the edge of explosion, and the drugs working their magic, I became mesmerized by the site of her head bouncing around on his now fully erect cock. His flaccid cock was about the same size as mine was erect, and had now grown to about 9 inches long, and very VERY thick. I could see her stretching her mouth out to accommodate his cock. 

Leo had his right hand on Nina's head, helping her to keep a solid pace on his cock, and his left hand made its way to my head. He first started to simply massage my head, occasionally running his fingers down over my face, and across my lips. When he did it again, my mouth had opened, not necessarily for his hand, but it was open none the less. He pushed his thumb into my mouth, and along my tongue. He'd then pull it part way out, and shove it back in again. Before I knew it, his hand had stopped moving, and I was imitating Nina's movements with my own head. Bouncing my head on his thumb, as she was on his cock. I matched her rhythm as best as I could, and I could feel myself on the verge of cuming. Nina seemed to be able to tell when I'd get this close, as just before I reached my climax, she stopped stroking, and just held the base of my cock firmly with her fingers... almost like a cock ring would work to prevent me from cuming. 

Without realizing it, I had slide to the edge of my chair, and had placed my right hand on Leo's thigh. He was slowly moving his hand closer to his crotch, until finally my head was only inches from Nina's. I was forced to slide off my chair, and onto my knees at his feet. Leo then firmly took hold of our heads, and turned them towards each other, pushing us together. We made out feverishly for a good 2 minutes, when I felt something pushing at my cheek. As our mouths opened to allow for our tongues to wrestle, Leo's cock slide between us. 

That however, didn't stop us. We continued to make out, only instead of our mouths meeting each others, they were both working the head of Leo's monster. Nina then reached up with her left hand, grabbing a hold of my right wrist, and guiding my hand towards the base of Leos cock. Before I knew it, we were alternating between stroking his tool, and massaging his massive hairy balls. 

Moments later, Nina moved away, and I working his cock alone. Something about the feel of it in my hand, filling my mouth, his huge balls, something about it made me want to service it. Something about it made me feel like it had some sort of powers over me. 

Nina slide in behind me, and started working my cock again. It was still raging hard, but my pending orgasm had subsided. As I continued to worship his cock, Nina's hand gained speed, while her other hand seemed to be reaching underneath my legs to massage my balls.

I could feel Leos cock starting to throb in my mouth, and I knew what was coming. He grabbed my head with both of his big hands, and slammed his cock deep into my throat as he unloaded shot after shot of hot slimy cum into my belly. At about the same time, Nina's hand made its way to my virgin asshole, and a finger worked its way inside me. She continued her assault on my cock, and with the added anal stimulation, it didn't take long for me to cum. I spurted all over Leo's feet.

As our paces slowed, Leo slid his snake from my tired mouth, and slowly dragged its head around my face, from cheek to cheek, over my eyes, everywhere, before finally making its way back to my mouth, where he demanded I clean it off!

When I finished there, in a stern commanding voice, he told me to lick up the load I'd sprayed on his feet. I complied without hesitation, and while I was bent over, Nina took great joy in continuing to shove her fingers in my ass. 

When I finally finished, I was hard again from Nina's touch, and Leo instructed me to "fuck that old bitch as hard as I could."

With the effects of the pills still raging on, I gave her everything I had. Leo sat his naked ass in his chair, feet on his desk, smoking a big fat cigar, while I bent her over the desk, and fucked her loose pussy. After I came, I blacked out.

The next morning I woke up on the floor of my apartment, still sticky from the dried sweat and cum, with a note on the floor next to me. The note read "There's a video in your DVD player, after you watch it, I want you to shave every hair from your body, and come to the address listed below."

Not entirely sure what had happened the previous night, I started up the movie. At some point Leo had set up some camera equipment, and the screen was filled with the night's events. At the end of the video, I guess Nina had picked the camera off the tripod, and she was filming Leo as he spoke to the camera. 

"Hey bitch, by now you're probably wondering what the fuck happened, or how it happened... guess what, doesn't matter... Unless you want your friends and family from back home to see this, you'll follow every order I give you till I'm tired of your services." 

Just then, the camera started to zoom out, and I could see Leo leaning back in his chair, legs spread wide, and I was on my knees in front of him, again worshipping his massive cock. 

The video faded out as his laughter filled my speakers.

When the video ended, I made my way to my shower, and started preparing myself for my appointment.