 John Johnson, the parole officer, had become one of my steady fuck buddies since meeting him through Ron and Gary. Whenever the mood hit I'd drop into his office and I was guaranteed to leave with a load of hot cum down my throat or up my ass from his always hard cock.

This particular morning, I knocked on his door and entered without waiting and I was surprised to find another guy in his office, since he saw his clients afternoons only.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt." I said.

"No problem," Johnson said. "This is Ken, an intern I'll be training for the next few months."

I crossed the room and he stood up to shake my hand and as I introduced myself, I gave him the once over. In his early 20's, Ken was about my height and slim but with a solid build and obviously muscular. He was one of those blondes who have skin that looks like it has no pores and is always pink and glowing. I wanted to lick him like an ice dream cone. Even more interesting, I could tell that under his loose dress slacks he was wearing boxers because a fat cock with a clearly defined head was visibly snaking down his leg.

"Why don't you take a break, Ken?" Johnson said. "We have some business to take care of and I'll call you when we're through."

Ken agreed and I watched him cross the room. His ass was more than outstanding, perfect melon buns riding high and tight with his pants seam sculpting the deep cleft between them. My mouth was watering, thinking about how they'd feel on my face if I could tongue his hole. He exited, closing the door behind him and I looked at Johnson.

"Jesus Christ, I've had a chubby for the last 2 days looking at that little fucker's ass!" he said. He stood up, unzipped his fly and hauled out his big half hard dick and meaty balls. He reached down and cradled his big nuts in one hand and said, "Get over here and drain these!"

I walked over, sat in his desk chair and opened my mouth as he eased seven inches of hard cock down my hungry throat. I wrapped my hand around his hanging ball sac and pulled down so that his cock got even harder and he slowly started to fuck my eager mouth.

"I checked Ken out when we were both at the urinals this morning." he said. "Nice cock on him. Wish I could have seen his ass." He started fucking my face faster. "That ass was made for fucking. I bet he's a virgin." His cock was fucking my throat like a piston and I could feel it starting to swell. "If I could get him naked, his ass wouldn't be virgin for long. I'd slide my cock up his hole so fast..." The thought was too much for him, he let out a groan and I felt his cum splash against my tonsils. 

I sucked the head and milked every drop I could out of his dick before I pulled my mouth off of his meat and said, "I have an idea. It's about time for you to make an inspection of Ron and Gary's apartment and they'll be gone all day tomorrow on a construction job. Why don't you bring Ken over in the morning for some field training. I'm sure that I can get him naked, getting your cock in him is your responsibility."

Johnson milked his softening dick so that a few drops of cum squeezed out of his piss hole and he fed them to me with his finger, then stuffed his cock and balls back into his fly. He flipped an intercom switch and called Ken back to the office, who appeared at the door just as I opened it to leave.

"See you in the morning." Johnson said to me. 

I saw Ken look down and notice where my own hard dick was tenting the front of my pants and I faked a slight cough as I passed him and said, "Sorry, something must have got caught in my throat."

*********

The next morning I was looking out the window as Ken and Johnson pulled up. I opened my apartment door and watched them as they ascended the stairs, Ken in the front with the meaty bulge in his pants shifting with each step and Johnson behind, his eyes riveted on the gorgeous ass flexing just inches from his face.

They came inside and Johnson sat down at the dining table, opened a folder and fired up his laptop . "Ken," he said, "I'll get our paperwork ready while you two go downstairs for a look see. Just come and get me if you have any questions."

The two of us headed back out the hall door and I turned around and caught Johnson's eye and he gave me a small nod.

Downstairs, the apartment that Ron and Gary shared was smaller than mine, basically a combination kitchen/living room and a bedroom and bath at the back. Ken took his time, poking in drawers and opening the refrigerator until finally it was time to view the bedroom. At the closed door he said, "Both of these guys sleep in the same room?"

"They're very close friends." I said and opened the door.

The first thing that anyone would have noticed was the smell of sex. The room reeked of sweat and cum, as well it should since I'd spent most of the night before being spit roasted with Ron and Gary's cocks plowing both of my holes there. The other thing you couldn't miss were the decorations. The boys had plundered my stash of old porno mags and had covered the walls with torn out pages of cocks plugging every orifice available and big dicks spewing loads of cum on upturned faces.

Ken slowly walked around the room, looking at the photos and said, "I've never seen anything like this." 

I walked over to where he was standing and I saw that his dick was hard and standing out from the leg of his pants. I reached down, stroked his erection through the fabric and said, "But apparently you approve." and sank to my knees.

"I don't think we should do this." Ken said, but by then I had his pants undone and his fully hard cock in my hand. It was a real beauty, seven inches long and smooth as silk with the veins showing through the pale skin and a darker flared head that was so hard it shone. His ball sac was entirely hairless and his heavy nuts were pulled up tight against his crotch. I dropped to my knees and buried my face in his balls and licked the tight skin, then trailed my tongue up the length of his shaft and swallowed it pubes deep in one gulp. Ken was so excited that his knees were trembling and he said, "I've never had my cock sucked before."

I bobbed my head up and down, savoring the fresh taste of his dick, then got up and laid down on the bed so that my head hung back over the edge.

"Fuck my throat," I said. "It'll feel better than any pussy you've ever had."

Ken almost stumbled over the pants around his ankles, he was so anxious to get his dick buried in me again, but he kicked out of the pants and pulled his shirt over his head so that he stood entirely nude over me. His hairless body looked like pale marble, his muscles taut under the fine skin. He slowly fed his cock head into my waiting mouth and made a few weak thrusts with his hips.

I pulled my mouth off of his cock and said, "Fuck it like you mean it, I can take it!", then slurped his cock back into my mouth and grabbed his hips to force it down my throat.

That convinced him and he started plowing his dick into me, his balls slapping my nose every time his cock touched bottom. He fucked harder, burying every inch as far down my throat as possible and then he got up on his knees, straddling the sides of my head on the bed edge so he could pile drive his rock hard cock down my throat. With my head between his legs and his cock fucking my mouth I could look up into the beautiful view of his wide spread ass. Totally hairless and as pink as the rest of his body, his ass crack cradled a tight little pucker as innocent as a baby's. Using my arms, I pushed him up so that his cock came out of my mouth and I licked his balls and up the crack to his hole.

"You're not going to... no one's ever..." was all he said, because as soon as my tongue sank into his hole, he became a man possessed. He sat down hard on my face and even used his hands on each side to pull his ass open wider as he rode up and down on my tongue. "Fuck, that feels good!" he said.

I noticed movement behind us and I looked over to the door. Johnson was standing in the doorway, snapping photos with his camera phone.

"I wondered what was taking so long." Johnson said. Ken went totally still and looked back over his shoulder just as Johnson snapped another photo.

"You realize this is grounds for instant dismissal?" Johnson said, and Ken slumped forward, his head buried in the sheets, his wilting dick on my face and his wide spread ass open in the air. "Unless...."

"Unless?" Ken mumbled and Johnson stepped up behind him.

"Unless you include me in the fun." he said as he opened his fly and pulled out his already stiff dick and his big balls. He rubbed his fat cock head along Ken's slimy ass crack and Ken started to pull away.

"I've never been fucked!" Ken said. 

Johnson replied, "Well, at this point you're getting fucked either way. I'll make sure you enjoy this option, plus you'll have job security"

From my position, I had the perfect view as Johnson's big dick lined up with Ken's tiny asshole and the wide head started to force its way in.

"It's not going to fit!" Ken said. 

Johnson replied, "Trust me. I've broken open tighter holes than this!"

He reached over to the nightstand and picked up a bottle of lube and dribbled it into Ken's spread crack, then started pushing his cock head harder against the tight hole. I watched as Ken's tiny hole expanded and first the head and then, inch by inch, the thick shaft of Johnson's cock sank into his guts.

Ken's cock, I noticed, was harder than ever and I got my mouth around it just as Johnson started slowly fucking his tight hole.

"Your ass is going to be sore tomorrow," Johnson said, "but it'll be a good hurt because it will remind you of me plowing your hole." and Ken's dick twitched in my mouth.

Johnson slowly picked up his tempo until Ken's ass was getting pounded, Johnson's hips slapping his ass as he deep dicked his hole and drove Ken's hard cock deeper and deeper down my stretched throat.

Ken was groaning and bucking his ass to get more cock in it, then slamming his dick down my throat until finally he almost shouted, "Fuck, I'm cumming!"

Johnson jack hammered his cock in and out of Ken's hole and I gulped as much cock as I could down my throat. I felt Ken's cock expand and his wad climb his shaft and then explode into the back of my throat. Johnson waited until Ken had stopped clenching his pucker around his cock, then pulled it entirely out of his abused ass and shot a massive load of cum all over his wide spread crack. I pulled Ken's cock out of my throat and moved my head up so that I was able to lick up every drop a juice that glistened on his ass, making sure to clean his well fucked little hole. 

Johnson then fed his softening dick into my mouth so I could clean it up, too, and as I licked him clean he said, "Ken, I think you're going to turn out to be the perfect intern!"