 Ron and Gary were royally pissed off. The day before I'd received a letter from a lawyer in Buffalo, NY stating that an elderly cousin whom I wasn't even aware of had died and I was the sole heir. After a phone conversation, I had no choice but to fly to Buffalo and spend a couple of weeks liquidating the estate. 

This meant that Ron and Gary wouldn't have my throat and ass as their private 24/7 cum dump while I was away.

"Well, what the fuck are we supposed to do, sit at home and pull our puds?" Gary asked.

"Yeah, you can't just leave us high and dry!" Ron said. "You'd better come up with a cock whore who can take your place or you're not going!"

What neither of them knew is that I'd already started forming a plan to do just that. A couple of blocks down our street there was a little convenience mart that was run by a young Indian guy. We were each in and out of there on a daily basis and Ron and Gary had often joked about what a great ass he had and how they'd both like a chance to plow his hole. They flirted outrageously with him while in the store, telling him he was as pretty as a girl, what nice lips he had and that sort of thing and while he blushed and acted embarrassed, I'd noticed that he spent a lot of time with his eyes glued to the outlines of their usually half hard cocks. I had spent some time talking to him the week before and I'd found out a lot. Forced into an arranged marriage while still a teen, his parents had sent him and his bride to the US to live. He and his wife lived totally separate lives. He'd had a circle of friends who'd regularly plowed his ass back home but he hadn't been fucked once in the 5 years since he'd arrived.

"Back in half an hour." I said and hotfooted it down to the market. 

Ravi, the Indian guy, was in the store alone as usual and he brightened up as soon as I walked through the door. .

"Your luck is about to change." I said.

I handed him a scrap of paper with our address and said, "Be there around seven, after you close the store. And be ready for some cock" I noticed the front of Ravi's pants were already forming into a tent.

It was blazing hot that evening and I'd sabotaged the air conditioner. Ron and Gary had eaten supper and now were lying around my living room, drinking beer and smoking weed. I was nude as usual and because of the heat, Ron was wearing only a pair of old tighty whities and his cock and balls kept falling out of the stretched out leg. Gary was in a dingy jockstrap and nothing else. They both gleamed with sweat like their muscular bodies had been oiled. The whole apartment smelled like a male whorehouse from the combination of beer, cigarettes, sweaty pits and crotch and the permanent aroma of hardcore fucking.

The doorbell rang and Ron said, "Who the fuck can that be?" as I hit the buzzer. 

I waited until I heard Ravi outside the door and then as I opened it I said, "Oh, I forgot to tell you. I invited my friend Ravi over."

It was hard to tell who was more surprised. Ravi stood in the doorway, his eyes roaming over the boys' slick, almost nude bodies and Ron and Gary exchanged a glance and both started grinning at once. Ravi had on a loose t-shirt and a pair of old sweatpants and I could tell nothing was underneath them.

"Hey, it's our little buddy from the store!" Ron said, and I noticed he spread his legs so that his cock and balls fell out, again. 

Gary was lying on his back on the couch and he raised one leg and draped it over the back, so that the pouch of his jock stretched tight against his cock and balls and his hairy ass crack was open to view. "Come on in and make yourself at home." he said.

Even if Ravi had tried, he probably couldn't have torn his eyes away from Ron's crotch and free flopping dick. But, he didn't try and I noticed Ron's cock starting to fill out and twitch. Ravi was starting to sweat and his cotton shirt was darkening.

I sat down on the sofa and Gary said to Ravi, "You look mighty hot. Why don't you take your shirt off and get comfortable? I'll even give you a hand."

He stood up and grabbed Ravi by the arm and spun him around. He grabbed the hem of his shirt and started pulling it over his head and I watched him rub the fully packed pouch of his jock against Ravi's bubble ass. When the shirt came off, Gary ran his hands down Ravi's torso and said, "Damn, I hope you're this smooth all over." Ravi had a tight muscular body without a hair on it, even under his arms. Gary's hands roamed over his sweating body then came to rest on his nipples and began to twist and pinch them. Ravi let out a low moan and leaned back against Gary's broad hairy chest, grinding his hips on the hard cock trying to invade his ass.

Ron jumped up and dropped his briefs, then stood on front of Ravi with his stiffening dick pressed against Ravi's crotch and gave him a hard open mouthed kiss as his hands slid down into the back of Ravi's sweat pants and roughly squeezed his meaty cheeks. The drawstring at the waist loosened and the pants slid to the floor and at the same time, Gary ripped the pouch of his jock aside so that his big hard dick sprang free and nestled between Ravi's lush buns and as Ron pulled them open wide Gary's cock teased his ass crack. Ron grabbed Ravi's balls and pulled up on them while he lowered his cock and slid it between Ravi's legs and as he dry fucked Ravi's taint, I could see the big purple head of his dick ram into Gary's ball sac with each thrust. I could also see Ravi's hard uncut cock bounce with each thrust Ron made. It was a fat six incher with a long hanging sac of balls, darker than his skin color and looking bigger than average on his small frame.

Ron reached down and grabbed each of Ravi's legs behind the knees and Gary wrapped his arms around his chest from behind and they both lifted him off the floor. Ravi fell back, his head on Gary's shoulder and Gary began exploring his mouth with his tongue while Ron lifted his legs and spread them so Ravi's ass was gaping wide open in front of him.

"My first taste of Indian ass..." Ron said and buried his tongue in Ravi's hole. 

Ravi arched his back like he'd been electro shocked, his head on Gary's shoulder and he said, "Oh, my hole. Fuck my hole!"

The boys carried him over to the dining table and slammed him down on his back on top. It was just wide enough so that his ass hung over one side and his flung back head hung over the other. Gary took the head end and slid his hard cock into Ravi's waiting mouth before he knew what hit him. I hurried over and stood to one side so I could raise his legs and spread his cheeks for Ron's hard dick. It was my first look at Ravi's hole and even I wouldn't have turned down a chance to fuck it. Deep between his hairless cheeks his tiny pucker was darker than the surrounding skin and a deep pink in the center. Ron had pulled back his foreskin and was rubbing his fat cock head up and down in Ravi's ass cleft and I reached over and got a handful of the margarine that was on the table and smeared it over Ron's hot cock. I stroked Ravi's hairless sweaty stomach as Ron poised his cock against his fuck hole and pressed, the tiny opening slowly expanding and taking the fat head into it. Inch by inch, his thick cock sank into Ravi's fuck chute.

"Damn. That's tight. We need to loosen that up." Ron said. 

He started to fuck in and out with long strokes, gaining speed with each thrust and Ravi reached down with both hands and spread his ass cheeks even wider to get more cock inside of him. Ron was hammering his dick into his asshole and Gary was pile driving his cock down his throat and Ravi loved every moment of it.

"Looks like our little buddy knows how to handle cock" Gary said, just as Ron slammed his dick deep into Ravi's ass and gasped, "I'm cumming!"

"Okay, my turn." Gary said. "You know I love fucking a hole that's lubed up with your juice." 

Ron slid his softening dick out of Ravi's hole and the two of them switched places, Ron sinking his cummy dick into Ravi's mouth for clean up while Gary slid his rigid cock up Ravi's hungry ass in one thrust. 

"You got this hole all warmed up for me." Gary said and reached down, put a thumb on each side of Ravi's hole and spread it open even wider so he could watch his cock slide in and out. 

"I can feel your cum coating my cock head." he said to Ron. He fucked his cock in and out of his hole while Ravi sucked and licked the juices off of Ron's softening cock and nibbled on his droopy foreskin.

"I can't hold out." Gary said only minutes later and sank his cock balls deep up Ravi's hole and shot his load. 

Ravi was pinching his own nipples and luxuriating in the feeling of being stuffed with cock at both ends. Gary grabbed Ravi's hard cock and stroked it a few times so his cock head popped in and out of his foreskin while he slowly eased his cock out of Ravi's clutching hole. From where I was sitting, I could see his cock head pop out and a few drops of cum trickle out of Ravi's ravished, gaping ass. 

Ron and Gary both moved over and sat on either side of me on the sofa, while Ravi sat up on the table and finger fucked his bruised hole. Ron reached over and grabbed my cock which had been hard from the beginning and said to Gary, "Looks like somebody enjoyed the show."

He looked at Gary and winked, and then they both grabbed my arms and held me down on the sofa. "Ravi," Ron said, "Let's see if you're as good at sucking a cock as you are at getting fucked with one." 

Ravi climbed down off the table, crawled across the floor and wrapped his hand around the base of my hard dick and I watched as he slowly sucked it inch by inch into his burning hot mouth. His nose was nestled in my pubes when I suddenly heard the door being unlocked.

The apartment door swung open and Johnson the parole officer and his protégée Ken walked in. They both stood in the doorway and took in the scene, me being held down on the sofa by two sweating burly nude men while having my cock sucked by Ravi, who was on his knees in front of me with his wide spread ass open in front of them.

"I love working with you guys. This is why I insisted on my own keys." Johnson said. "I never know what I'll walk into."

"This place smells like a dirty locker room." Ken added.

"Come on in and get comfortable." Gary said. "You can meet our new friend Ravi." 

Ravi never even slackened the pace of his head bobbing up and down on my dick but I noticed that he arched his back so that his ass spread open even wider for our new arrivals behind him.

Johnson walked over and watched Ravi suck my shlong for a moment, then reached down and slid his hand onto his crack and fingered his well fucked hole.

"Looks like we missed the main event." he said as he raised his hand and sniffed the cum on his fingers.

"Well then, you're just in time for round two." Ron said.

While Johnson and Ken stripped down, they explained that they'd dropped by hoping to find us home so that they could both take advantage of my always willing fuck hole. They stood on either side of Ravi and I stroked their hardening dicks and said, "My friend here's been going through a dry spell and I don't mind sharing. You two need to try out his ass." 

Ravi was glancing from side to side and I could see him taking in the two new studs waiting for him. Johnson was all hairy muscle with a fat, veiny 7 inch cock above a huge pair of low hanging balls. Ken was just the opposite, almost hairless with a smooth 7 inch cock with a wide flared head and a tight nut sac at the base. 

The prospect excited him even more and his mouth flew up and down my cock while I jerked the two hard cocks in front of me into full hardness. Before I knew it, I felt the cum boiling up out of my balls and squirting out of my piss hole into Ravi's ravenous mouth. He sucked harder to get every drop into his jaws, and then jumped up with his mouth full of cum. 

He pulled me off the sofa and grabbing Ken by the hard cock, pushed him down to where I had been sitting. He spit my cum load into his palm and slathered it over Ken's stiff prong, then turned around and lowered his hungry ass hole over the upright shaft. The entire length disappeared up his butt and Ravi straddled Ken and bounced up and down on his cock. From my perch on the floor, I had a perfect view of Ken's cock being milked by Ravi's hole and Ravi's own hard dick bouncing up and down in front of him. Ravi grasped Johnson's big hard cock and pulled him forward so that he could suck on it while he rode his buddy's dick. 

Ron was at Ken's side, kissing him and forcing his tongue down Ken's throat. I moved in between Johnson's legs and started sucking on Ravi's cock and Gary got on his knees behind the two of us so that he could tongue fuck Johnson's ass while rubbing his own stiffening cock on my butt.

Having his cock sucked made Ravi's ass even hungrier and he bounced faster and harder on Ken's cock. While I played with Ken's big balls and sucked Ravi's cock. I was watching his stretched hole sliding up and down Ken's shaft. Ken grabbed him by his hips and forced him down on his cock, while bucking his hips forward, and I could see the thick channel on the underside of his cock throbbing so I knew he was emptying his juice into Ravi's already cum filled guts.

Ravi lay back against Ken's sweaty chest and raised his knees shoulder high so that Ken's softening cock fell out of his well fucked butt. Johnson moved in to fill his place, propping himself up with one hand on the back of the sofa and his other guiding his cock into Ravi's gaping ass. He sank his hard dick in up to the pubes in one thrust and Ravi's ass was so filled with cum that it squirted out around his invading cock and splashed against his balls, which were slapping against his buddy Ken's soft cock below.

Ron and Ken were still busy sucking tongues, Johnson was fucking his cock up Ravi's ass and his tongue down Ravi's throat and Gary was busy with his tongue fucking Johnson's wide spread ass. I lay on the floor and watched them all enjoy the kind of fucking that only men together can experience.

Johnson's hips were slapping against Ravi's widespread ass and I knew he was close to cumming so I jumped up and pulled Johnson's ass cheeks as far apart as possible for Gary's probing tongue. I watched his tongue sink into his hairy hole and heard him grunt, "I'm cumming!" and I knew that Ravi was being filled with another well earned load of juice.

Johnson slowly backed his cock out of Ravi's fuck hole, and then fell on his side on the sofa while Ravi slithered down onto the floor. Gary got onto the sofa beside Johnson and there were then four sweaty men side by side on the couch, Ken and Johnson with the mixed cum loads in Ravi's ass dripping off of their cocks and balls and Ron and Gary with fat dicks that were already hard again. As Ravi started licking the cum off of Ken's balls I reached over and fingered his cum filled hole and he looked at me and whispered "Thank you".

"Would you be interested in filling in as cum dump for me while I'm out of town?" I asked.

Ravi just smiled and reached over to stroke Ron's fully erect cock, watching the loose skin slide over the fat purple head.

"I need this cock in my ass." he said to Ron, and then looked at me and said, "What do YOU think?"