 Ron and Gary had had the Fuckmobile for about 3 months and it had become a regular thing to go cruising in it on the weekend, looking for stray dick. This Sunday morning, however, was different. Gary was under the weather and refused to get out of bed.

"You two go without me." he told us. "If I miss anything that great, take a picture!"

So, Ron and I hit the open road together on our never ending quest for cock and ass. It was high summer and had been blazing for days. I had on a tank top and a pair of thin gym shorts over a jock and Ron had on a wife beater and a pair of cut off 501's with heavy work socks and his work boots on his feet. He looked like something out of a porn flick with his muscular body almost naked and the tight crotch buttons of his shorts straining to contain all of the meat packed inside. 

Minutes after we'd started, we'd already ditched our shirts and let the breeze from the open windows cool our bodies.

We had been riding for about 2 hours and we were on a back road about 30 miles from town when all of the sudden, the engine made a loud PING and then a sound like a bag of marbles inside a dryer. The van rapidly lost speed and we pulled over to the side of the road. We had driven through the last little crossroads community about 10 minutes before but where we were now, there was nothing but fields and trees around us as far as the eye could see and not another vehicle anywhere.

Ron and I got out and he opened the front. "Looks like we lost a fan belt." he said. "And," he picked up a piece of metal and held it out, "the fan came off with it."

"Now, what?" I asked. "Should we call Gary?"

"There was a garage back in that last town we passed through." Gary said. "You wait here with the van and I'll walk back and see if I can get someone to help us."

He tucked his shirt into the back of his waistband and I watched him walk off down the road. In a couple of minutes, he had rounded a bend out of sight and I was alone in 90 degree heat in the middle of nowhere. I waited about 10 more minutes, and then did the most sensible thing. I opened the back of the van, stripped down to my jock and climbed in the back and fell asleep.

I awoke with a start to the sound of car doors slamming and I glanced up at the dashboard clock. Four hours had passed! A shadow clouded the van's back doors and I turned in that direction. Staring in at me was a guy who looked like the reincarnation of 70's porn star Richard Locke. He was in his early 50's, around 6' 2" with a close dark beard flecked with gray and a full head of curly dark hair. He was wearing a one piece coverall that zipped up the front and emphasized his broad chest and wide shoulders and his narrow waist. And even from where I was laying, I could see that whatever was in the crotch of that suit, it was big. He looked kind of confused and I realized that I was laying there on my belly with my bare ass exposed to him. Even worse, when I rolled over to sit up, I had a big piss hard on poking out of the cup of my jock.

I groped around and found my shorts and then slid out of the van's doors. The full length view of my anonymous stud was even better.

It was still hotter than hell but the sky was dark and I heard thunder in the distance. There was a tow truck parked at an angle behind the van and at the side of the road pissing into the wind was my ole buddy Ron.

"I thought maybe you had left me for the bears to eat. " I said.

Ron tucked his dick away and turned to me. "This here is Sal." he said. "He owns the garage. We had to wait for a parts delivery." He walked over to the tow truck and reached into the cab, then handed me a beer. 

"Sal and I already had a few while we waited." Ron said, and then he looked over smiling at Sal. "While we waited for Billy boy to deliver the parts."

Sal looked up and blushed crimson.

"That boy wants your dick." Ron said. "He was looking at you like starving man looks at steak."

"Bullshit!" Sal replied. His voice was a deep growl. "Even if that young boy is queer, he wouldn't be interested in an old fart like me."

"Jesus," I was thinking to myself, "I'd drink this stud's bath water just to see how his dick tastes and he doesn't think anyone would be INTERESTED??"

"I know what I saw." Ron said and pointed at Sal's crotch. "He's hungry for that."

"Fuck you." Sal said, smiling. "Young boy like that would probably run home to his mama if someone flashed a hard dick at him. Hell, I just might, too." and he and Ron both guffawed. They were both half lit.

Sal looked me up and down, then looked up at the sky and said. "Well, hard dicks or not, rain's coming soon and we need to get your van running."

Ron and Sal got the parts out of Sal's truck and went around to the front of the van and I climbed back into the back and lay down, again, even though it was stifling hot. After a minute, I slid my shorts back off and rolled onto my stomach; just in case Sal needed anything in the van.

I was dozing from the heat while the guys worked on the engine when suddenly I was startled awake by a loud explosion of drumming on the van roof. I looked out the back and rain was pouring down so hard and fast, I couldn't even see the tow truck behind us. I heard Ron and Sal whooping and then the two of them burst in the back doors and fell on the floor laughing.

"Almost got it done!" Sal said.

I handed them a towel and they took turns drying their soaked hair. 

"I am fucking drenched!" Ron said, then got up on his knees and unbuttoned his shorts, shucked them off and turned to hang them over the back of the front seat. I looked at Sal and saw that he was staring at Ron's full smooth ass. 

"You might as well take off that coverall." I said. "It's not going to dry on you and you'll be a lot cooler without it."

He looked kind of embarrassed, and then he said, "When it's hot like this, I don't wear anything under it."

"We're all boys here." I said. "We've all seen a dick before."

"Maybe I'll just unzip." he said and slid the zipper down to his waist. His chest was broad with hard full pecs and every inch of it was covered with black curly hair.

"Holy fuck!" I said. "No wonder you're hot, you're wearing a fur coat. Are you that hairy all over?" Without even thinking, I reached out to stroke his man fur but caught myself just in time. 

"Fortunately, no." he said. "The rest is pretty much standard issue."

I couldn't help it; I was getting another hard on just thinking about "the rest". I rolled over on my stomach, then watched as Sal took a good look at my bare ass, then took a good look at Ron's fat uncut cock.

"Can I ask you guys something?" he said. We waited, and then he asked, "Are you guys queer?"

"As a three dollar bill." Ron said.

"As a cock sucker's tonsils." I said.

Sal seemed to think this over for a minute, then he turned to Ron and asked, "And you really think Billy the parts guy would want an old guy like me? See, I've never had my cock sucked. But I've thought about it. A lot."

I could see that the mass in the crotch of his coverall was growing.

"Hell," Ron said, "If that boy's just even a little bit queer, he's home right now beating off thinking about what your dick tastes like."

"For that matter, I'm about to beat off thinking about what your dick tastes like." I said.

"Well," Sal said, "maybe you can find out."

He reached down and unlaced and then removed his shoes, then pulled the coverall down over his shoulders and lifted his ass to pull it all the way off. 

His body was magnificent with wide muscular shoulders, that massive hairy chest tapering down to a tight hairy stomach and a curly black bush. And his cock! At least eight inches long and standing straight up, it was one of those fat fleshy cocks that the skin never does get tight on so that you can slide it over the hard gristle underneath. Thick veins stood out on the fat shaft and the head was narrower than the shaft and tapered almost to a bullet point. His balls were as big as eggs and hung in a sack just as fleshy as his cock.

"What do you think?" he asked.

"I think you're the answer to a cock sucker's prayer." I replied.

"Man!" Ron said. "If I'd known you were packing that beauty back at the garage, I would have tried getting it down my throat first!"

I moved over to where Sal was reclining and got between his legs and wrapped my hand around the base of his thick dick.

"You can have sloppy seconds but right now this cock is mine." I said to Ron. 

I stuck my tongue out and, starting at the base where his cock met his balls, I slowly ran my tongue up the length of Sal's cock. When I reached the top, I flicked my tongue in his piss slit, savoring the musky taste of his pre cum and piss mix, then opened my mouth and sucked his pointed cock head. He let out a loud sigh as my lips slowly inched down the hard shaft, burying his dripping cock head deep in my throat.

"I need a better view of this." Ron said. 

He got up and climbed behind Sal so that his legs were spread around Sal's hips and Sal was leaning back, resting against Ron's chest. Ron wrapped his arms around Sal and stroked his furry chest.

"You're getting your first blowjob from an expert." Ron said.

I was lying on my belly between Sal's outstretched legs. I moved my mouth down so that I could lick his big balls and I buried my face in his meaty ball sac, inhaling the fresh sweat mixed with man scent. 

I was licking his balls and I had just sucked one of them into my mouth when I heard Ron whisper into Sal's ear, "Look at that cocksucker eating your balls. He's hungry for the juice in them."

Ron reached over to where his shorts were hanging and grabbed his phone, then aimed over Sal's shoulder and took a picture of me gobbling his big ball and his fat cock waiting to be serviced.

"I've got a buddy who didn't come with us. Wait till he sees what he missed today."

I let the big nut pop out of my mouth, and then got my tongue up under his juicy scrotum so I could lick that special spot that's so sensitive. Sal was moaning from the feeling of my tongue flicking over him. I moved back up, grabbing his big nut sac and pulling down on it so that his cock stood straight up from his crotch while I went to work on the head.

Ron was nuzzling Sal's ear and I could hear him whisper, "That cocksucker loves the taste of your dick. Are you going to shoot a big load of cum down his throat? Make him work for it, make him service that big cock before you feed him."

I was getting even more turned on just listening to him and I started sucking harder, letting my mouth slide up and down the length of his steely dick so that his cock head popped into the back of my throat each time.

"That hungry cocksucker is going to swallow your juice. Look at his little ass twitching. He wants your big cock to fuck his little hole, too. I bet you'd make him cry when you slammed your dick all the way up his fuck chute. Look at his mouth on your dick; he knows we're talking about him. He's a slutty little cocksucker."

Sal was getting real close, his cock had been thickening in my mouth and it was hard as a crowbar. 

"I'm getting ready to shoot." he said. 

I saw Ron snake his tongue into Sal's ear and at the same time, I slid my free hand up between his legs and fingered his tightly puckered asshole. His hips bucked like he'd been electrocuted and he let out a loud groan. Ron was holding him tight so he couldn't move and I swallowed his cock down to the pubes so it was buried in my throat. I felt his cock head swell and then a huge splash of hot cum hit the back of my throat. I sucked as hard as I could so the next load out of his dick went straight to my belly.

Sweat was pouring off of him from the heat and exertion and Ron was licking the side of his face and neck, lapping up his salty liquid while I nursed on his softening cock, getting every last drop of nectar out of his piss slit. Ron, meanwhile, was sending the photo he'd snapped to Gary's phone. Almost instantly, a text message came back.

"You motherfuckers!" it said. "You'd better bring me some of that when you come home!"

Sal was exhausted, lying back against Ron and I finally let his cock slip out of my mouth and said, "Thanks, Sal. That was delicious. I hope you'll let me suck you again some time." I took his soft cock in one hand and licked the last few drops of cum out of his piss slit.

"I was just thinking, "said Ron. "We're really not too far from town and we'd love you to spend next weekend with us. I've got some fellas I want to introduce you to, plus I'd love to get a chance to suck a load out of that pretty cock myself. And I'm sure our little buddy here would be more than happy to have you fuck his mouth and ass both just as much as you want."

"Hell, are you kidding?" Sal asked. "I've wanted to do so much with another guy. I can't believe I'm finally going to get the chance."

"Babe, you are going to have so much fun." Ron said. "Wait until you see how it feels when I'm tonguing your asshole while our little buddy is riding your dick."

I could feel Sal's limp dick starting to harden in my hand.