 In the vocabulary of Masters and Slaves, presentation refers to the daily ritual followed by a slave when he greets his Master and presents himself for inspection. For my first presentation to my Asian Master, I was anxious and fearful even though my instructions were clear and easily followed. "Shower and empty your colon. Dress in white briefs, button down jeans and a T-shirt of your choice. Take off your shoes and socks. Kneel on the rug, face on the floor. Wait." 

A door opened. I heard footsteps. "Kiss my feet." I covered his feet with kisses. "You may look at me." My Master wore only a black jockstrap and white socks. 

He ordered me to bring him a chair and he sat. I knelt again, hands behind my back. He pressed his feet against my face and probed my mouth. "Smell, then remove my socks with your teeth." I held each sock dangling from my lips until he told me to drop it. "Take the socks, make a wad, taste." I shoved the sock gag into my mouth. He pushed my head between his legs. The gag pressed against his jockstrap, massaging the bulge that was starting to grow.

Master pushed me back to a kneeling position and removed the sock gag. I felt a foot between my lips. I kissed and licked. I sucked on toes and licked them deeply and passionately, as though I was sucking his dick. He switched feet and then ordered me to lick the precum oozing out of his jock with my tongue. As he moaned in pleasure, my devotion to his desires became even greater. 

Master pulled my face to his lap. "Smell. Feel my nuts against your chin. Try to wrap your lips around my shaft. Do you love my dick, want to suck it, want to get fucked?" 

"Yes Sir. Very much Sir." 

Master squeezed the instrument of desire, bulging from his jock. "Let me be clear. I would rather stroke myself than feed my cock to an unworthy sub. Understand? Put your ass in the air. Let's make sure you understand? Are you worthy of my dick?" "No Sir." He spanked one cheek. "Feel good?" "Yes, Sir." He spanked the other cheek. "How bad do you want my dick?" "I'm not worthy sir." "Good answer. Here's your reward." I felt his hand again. A total of 5 stinging but not vicious slaps. 

Master pushed my face firmly into his butt crack. His urged me to higher levels of competence as I demonstrated my love for his hole. 

When, again, he faced me, his weapon was unsheathed, erect and hard as a rock. Holding my head firmly in place, he slapped my cheeks with his erection. He grazed the crown against my lips and I opened wide to receive him. He pulled back. "I'm not ready to waste my cum on an untrained slave." Pause. "But I do have a present for you. 

Master ordered me to remove my briefs and to crawl on hands and knees to pick up a box in the corner of room. "I want to see what you look like in Doggy," he smirked. The box held a silicone butt plug. "As far as you are concerned, this is my dick." He rubbed the object across my lips. "Kiss it, lick it, take it in your mouth. Get it nice and wet. That's right. Good." He pushed the wet butt plug slowly into my asshole. "When you are not able or not allowed to experience your Master's cock, you shall keep this substitute inside you as a reminder of why you need to be a slave." 

My Master's words, the excitement of the moment, the surge of pleasure I felt inside my throbbing asshole -my dick was hard. Master took notice. "Hold back," he ordered as he pressed against my engorged erection with his foot. I struggled, failed miserably and shot a huge load onto his foot and leg. "Just as I thought. I need to teach you self-control. Clean me. Use your tongue." I licked my thick cum off my Master's foot and felt a surge of deep devotion. Master was pleased. He unleashed a warm torrent of piss to wash off my dick and stake his claim to my body. 

Relaxed and with a satisfied smile, Master sat back in his chair. "Take your briefs and dry yourself. Mop the floor too. Make sure your butt plug is firmly in place. Put on your wet, filthy briefs. Get dressed and ride home on the bus. I want you feel my presence for the rest of the day." I put on my clothes as Master ordered. When I had done everything as he instructed, he dismissed me.