 This is a fictional tale, of a young man's first sexual experiences.

I was 18, home alone, and my hormones were raging. I had jacked off the night before, but it didn't come close to satisfying my needs. There I sat, reading a cheap paperback, and wishing I could do what the characters in the book were doing, sucking, fucking, and cumming. The words only made it worse, I really wanted to get off by other than my own hand, but I had no girlfriend, and was too introverted to call one of the local sluts. So, I sulked, and continued to scan the pages, until the phone rang. Dropping the book, I picked up the handset, and said hello. It was a classmate who lived a short distance away, out in the country. His parents were at the same function as mine, and he was also home alone. When we were younger, I and other friends would gather at his home, and pitch tents in the back yard. Then we would do the usual campout routine of building a fire, roasting hot dogs, and staying up all night. As we grew older, our interests turned elsewhere, and the campouts ended.

My friend was bored, same as I, and wanted to know if I wanted to ride over to his house. He had stashed some beer, if I was interested, and also had some new reading material. Happy for the distraction, I readily agreed, and a few minutes later was knocking at his door. He let me in, and we made our way to his room. My friend was about 5-6 in height, with dark hair and eyes. He almost had a feminine appearance. His body had a soft appearance, not fat, but definitely not chiseled, or even lean. He was wearing no shirt, and I could see that his chest was still hairless. I was a couple of inches taller than he, and had an athlete's body. My chest had a budding patch of hair, with hair on my arms and legs, and a wiry patch of pubes. He picked up a grocery sack, and handed it to me.

"Those are all new, I just found them the other day." he said. "Not sure where they come from, but every couple of weeks, there is a new batch." I looked in the bag, and the cover of the book on top made my eyes fly open in surprise. The cover art was a drawing, as was often the case. It was of an older man, lying back in a chair, naked. His cock was enormous, and standing straight up. In front of him was a younger man, holding the old guy's cock in one hand, and his own in the other. The young guy's mouth was open, and ready to take the head of the cock inside. I stared, I had never seen anything like it before, and took the book in hand and brought it out. "Oops, should have warned you, there are a bunch of that kind in there. Sorry if it bothered you."

"Have you read any of them?" I asked, still looking at the cover.

"Yeah, a couple. They're ok, different from the usual kind. If you want to look at it, I won't tell anyone."

"Right." I laughed. "If you told anyone, they'd wonder why you had them."

"Exactly." he replied, and took another book with a similar cover, and lay down on his bed to read it. I sat on the bed and crossed my legs, and opened the paperback. It was about a hostel in Europe. The main character goes to bed, and notices that all around him, the other men are jacking off, and some are in bed with another man. He sees a guy sucking another, and gets excited. Next thing he knows, someone is in his bed behind him. He feels the other's cock pressing against him, and then a hand slipping under his pajamas. The hand grasps his cock, and begins stroking. As I read the lines, I realized I was getting aroused, and hard. I was also uncomfortable, so I stretched out and lay down, my head at the foot of the bed, and continued to read. As I got deeper into the book, I became more and more aroused. This was an unknown area for me, two males engaging in sex acts with each other, and it was very exciting. I glanced over, and I could see that my friend was hard also, his cock straining against the front of his gym shorts.

He lowered the book, and looked at me. "What do you think?" he asked.

"It's okay." I replied. "I kind of like it."

"Me too. I read a couple last night, and they made me horny, and I jacked off. I kind of want to again. Will you tell anyone?" I was speechless for a few seconds. This had never occurred to me. He wanted to jack off in front of me. Then I decided I wanted to watch him.

"Nah, I won't tell anyone." I replied in a somewhat shaky voice.

"Okay." he said, laying the book down. He then hooked his thumbs in the waistband, and pushed down his shorts. I saw he had no underwear on. Now he was naked, and for the first time, I was looking at another cock from close up. It curved up out of a nest of black hair, and lay on his abdomen. There was a prominent ridge on the underside, and it was topped by a helmet shaped head, the rim being much wider than the shaft. It appeared to be the same length as my own. Mesmerized, I watched his hand take it, and lift it until it pointed at the ceiling, and then begin to stroke it. The sight made my cock swell and get even harder, so hard it almost hurt. Without thinking, I slid my hand over it, and began rubbing it through my jeans. I wanted to take them off, and jack off too, but I hesitated, afraid to jump into this unknown territory. So I lay there, propped up on an elbow, watching his hand move the skin of his cock up and down, and rubbing myself with the palm of my hand.

He opened his eyes, looked at me, and smiled. "You should jack off too." he said. "You look like you want to, and no one will know." I froze, and blushed, not sure what to do. I felt like it was wrong, but he was right, I wanted to get my bare cock in my hand, and cum on my belly, while watching him do the same. The thought of his cock spurting cum flashed in my head, and I gave in. I unbuttoned my jeans, and shucked them off along with my underwear. Now we were both naked, with our heads at opposite ends of the bed, our cocks hard and leaking precum. Taking my cock in hand, I started to pump my fist up and down, watching his hand do the same. I was very worked up, and it didn't take long for me to feel the familiar tingle, followed by the contractions at the base of my cock, followed by the first string of cum flying out and landing on my chest. I continued to jack it, my hand a blur, and more gobs of cum spurted out, spraying onto my chest and belly.

My friend watched me cum, never slowing down his own rapid pace. Then he closed his eyes and sucked in his breath, and I saw a thick stream shoot out of his cock, followed by several more. We lay there, panting, and staring at the puddles of cum we had milked out. I felt weak, and didn't move when he got up, and left the room. He came back with a towel, sat down on the bed by me, and began to wipe the cum off my chest and belly. I liked what was doing , and lay still, enjoying the attention. Then I realized he was rubbing my cock with the towel, and started.

"I'm sorry, did I scare you?" he asked.

"No, I didn't expect you to do that."

"Do you not want me to?"

"It's okay, go ahead." I relaxed, and lay back as he resumed wiping the towel over my cock. He continued after the cum was cleaned up, but I didn't mind. It felt good, so I let him go. I then felt his bare hand on my cock, causing me to jerk again. I raised my head, and looked at him, then down at his hand on my cock. He had lifted it and was gently stroking it. The sensation was amazing, so much more exciting than my own hand. I lay back and let him play with me, and I slowly felt my cock getting hard in his hand. Turning my head slightly, I could see his cock laying against his leg. On impulse, I moved my hand to it, and wrapped my fingers around it. He sighed, and closed his eyes as I began a slow up and down matching his. We lay there for several minutes, fondling and stroking, enjoying the pleasure we were giving each other. My friend rolled onto his side and propped himself up on his elbow, bringing his cock closer to me, and mine closer to him. I was busy studying his cock up close, marveling how hard it was under the outer layer of soft skin, and how the head stood out proud from the shaft. 

Without warning, I felt a warm and wet sensation on the head of my cock. Tearing my gaze away from his cock, I looked down, and saw that the head of mine had disappeared into his mouth, and was being teased by his tongue. So good was the pleasure from this, that I couldn't move or speak, and just watched his head move up on down in place of his hand. Even though I had just had a huge orgasm, I felt another building. The intense sensation of his mouth on my cock was unlike anything I had ever felt, and it was bringing me to a peak in a hurry. A few more seconds, and I tensed, arching my back, and spurted a wad into his mouth. He paused, just for an instant, and resumed sucking on me. A couple more spurts, and I was drained. He continued to suck on my cock, until it went completely soft.

"Wow, that was fun." he said, sitting up and wiping his mouth. I could only lay there and nod, weakly. He grinned at me, and getting on his knees, shuffled over to me, so his cock was over my face. I lifted my hand and grasped it again, and slowly jacked it. We stayed in that position for a couple of minutes, me catching my breath, and him kneeling, his eyes closed, enjoying the pleasure I was giving him. As my senses returned, I looked at his cock with new interest. I was caught up in what we were doing, and my inhibitions were low, and I was wondering if I should put his cock in my mouth. I decided I wanted to try, so I rolled up onto my elbow, putting my face level with his cock, and leaned forward. The head was at my lips, and I paused, just for a second, then opened my mouth, and slid my lips over the head. It had a soft spongy feel, and I tasted the saltiness of his precum. Not knowing what else to do, I sealed my lips around it, and began moving my head back and forth. This brought forth a long sigh from my friend, and he placed on hand on my head to steady himself.

I was sucking a cock, and I liked it. Any thoughts of it being wrong or taboo were long gone, all I felt was how exciting it was. I hadn't considered what would happen when his orgasm hit, I was focused on the hard cock in my mouth. Like me, he didn't last long, and I heard him gasp, and press on the back of my head. At the same time, his hips thrust forward, and his cock pulsed, spewing warm cum into my mouth. I was surprised, it was unlike anything I had ever tasted, and involuntarily swallowed it. The next two, I held in my mouth for a couple of seconds before swallowing, concentrating on the taste on my tongue. Then, he was finished, and like me, needed to lay down and recover. We lay side by side, not saying anything. Now that the fervor of sex had gone away, I was starting to feel some guilt and shame. I liked what we had done, but I was also worried and confused.

My friend sat up and looked at me. "You okay?" he asked.

"Yeah, I'm fine." I replied, not looking at him.

"I hadn't planned to do that." he said. "But something came over me, and I looked at your cock, and it made me think of the books, and I was horny, so I just did it. I hope you aren't mad, because I really liked it. I promise I won't tell anyone." When he said that, I realized that I had liked it too, and also realized that he was right, no one would know.

"I'm not mad, I liked it too. But we definitely can't tell anyone."

"No, it will be our secret. Do you have to go home, or can you stay a while?" he asked.

"I can stay, no one is home." I replied.

"Good, let's go downstairs and get something to eat." So off we went, still naked, and fed ourselves. Later, we went back to his bedroom, and resumed reading. After an hour or so, I dozed off, and began to dream. I dreamt I was in a bed, on my back, and a hand was softly running up my chest, then back down to my cock. A warm body was pressed against mine while the hand continued to caress me. I felt very relaxed and comfortable. Then, I felt lips against mine, softly kissing me. They left, then came back and kissed mine again, followed by a tongue probing my lips. My tongue responded, and for the first time, I felt the strange and exciting sensation of a tongue swirling around mine. But, I wasn't dreaming. I slowly came to my senses, and realized it was my friend kissing me. My first reaction was a moment of panic, followed by awareness that I was enjoying it, and I was very hard as a result. Again, no one would ever know, so I relaxed and kissed him back.

He responded by moving his body on top of mine, and between my legs, his cock pressed against mine. He then began to slowly grind his cock against mine, all the while locked in a deep kiss with me. It felt great, our two hard cocks sliding over and against each other. Had I not already cum twice, I would have shot out another load right then, but I was drained. After a few minutes, he stopped, and rolled off me. "Oh, I have to stop, my cock almost hurts." he said with a giggle.

"Mine too. It felt good at first though."

"Were you surprised I did that?" he asked.

"Yeah, I wasn't expecting it. Well, I wasn't expecting any of what we did, to be honest."

"You okay?"

"I'm okay, I kind of liked it, we just can't tell anyone."

"Nope, we'll keep it secret. I'd like to do it again, if you want to?" he asked. I thought about that for a minute. I was a little confused. I didn't feel like I liked guys, but I had definitely enjoyed everything we had done. I had just had two of the most powerful orgasms ever, and I liked how it felt.

"Yeah, maybe, sure, we can." I replied.

In the days that followed, I swung back and forth between shame at what I had done, and intense arousal. I would lay in bed at night, thinking about his cock in my mouth, spurting cum, while avidly jacking my own cock and cumming on myself. It was inevitable we would get together again, and we did. I became more relaxed, and enjoyed our secret meetings without any lingering guilt. It was a couple of weeks later, that my friend informed me that they were moving to another state, for his father's job, and they were flying out the next day.

It was a hard transition, and frustrating, going from regular sex to jacking off by myself again. He had left me a sack of the cheap paperbacks, and I consoled myself reading about men and boys having sex. The lurid stories fanned the fire inside, and my cock would grow hard in my hand. I began to take an interest in the descriptions of anal sex, something that had not interested me earlier. Curious, I found a jar of Vaseline, and attempted to push a finger in my tight little hole. It was very uncomfortable at first, but I adjusted to the intrusion, and actually liked the sensations it gave me. Two fingers were next, actual pain this time, but again the ring of muscle stretched to accommodate. Next came a trip to the refrigerator, and I found some smooth cucumbers. One was much smaller, so I let it warm up, covered it liberally with Vaseline, and tried to push it in. At first, it would not go, then it suddenly went in. Wow, that definitely hurt, and I pulled it right out. I knelt for a minute, panting as the sting went away. More Vaseline, and another try, this time with more care. Again, some resistance, and the first inch was in. I was surprised, it didn't hurt, so I gently pushed it in some more, until 4 inches or so was in me.

I began to pull it out and push it back in, slowly, and was rewarded with some incredible feelings inside me. My cock responded by getting rock hard, and oozing precum. I took it in hand, and after only a few strokes, shot gobs of cum out onto the floor. Thus began an interesting couple of days, experimenting with successively larger cukes, until I was taking one that was over an inch thick, with 6 inches inside me. I loved the feeling of it, and how hard my cock would get. My orgasms were some of the most powerful I ever had, both in the force of the eruptions, and the volume of cum. I still missed having a partner, however.

I had another friend, Trevor, who lived nearby. He was thin, and somewhat feminine. He was also very smart, so we often studied together, and hung out in the summer. He never showed any interest in sex, and I was too bashful to bring it up. One evening, I saw a truck pull in his drive, and was shocked to see a guy named Jake get out, and go into the house without knocking. Jake was a real tough guy, always getting into fights, and winning. He was out of high school, worked for a farmer, and always seemed to have one or more girls with him. I was very curious why he was at Trevor's, and finally had to go see what was up. Slipping around behind Trevor's house, I saw the light in his room was on. There was a tree house directly across from his window, so I crept up the ladder, and peeked through the window. My jaw dropped at what I saw.

They were both naked. Trevor was laying on the bed, and Jake was kneeling between Trevor's legs, his mouth engulfing Trevor's cock. Jake's head bobbed up and down, while his hand was under Trevor's ass. Trevor arched his back, and I could see that Jake had a finger up inside my friend. Jake continued to finger fuck Trevor while sucking his cock, and my cock was rock hard at the sight of them. I was amazed, never would have I believed that Jake liked guys, but there he was, sucking a cock. Trevor finally shuddered, and thrust his hips up. Jake kept the finger planted inside, and I could see him swallowing. After Trevor was spent, Jake stood up, and I saw his cock for the first time. It was big, thick and long, and sticking straight out. He swiped out a gob of Vaseline from a jar, and smeared it all over his cock. Trevor had rolled over, and drew his knees up under him, his ass spread and exposed for Jake. Jake wiped his fingers on Trevor, and stepping forward, took his cock in hand, and pushed the tip against Trevor's red hole. There was no resistance, it slipped right in, and Jake began fucking my friend.

I had a perfect view, and could see the big cock as it disappeared inside, and pulled back out. Trevor moaned, obviously liking it. I was very excited at what I was seeing, and immediately wondered if I could get Jake to fuck me too. I could have just walked in and joined the party, but I was too shy, so I just watched, filled with envy, and also lust. My cock was out, and I stroked it rapidly until I blew cum on the walls of the tree house, watching as Jake did the same inside Trevor's ass. After he pulled out, Trevor sat up, and Jake gave him a long kiss. Wow, it was so hot! I waited until Jake had left, then slipped back home, where I jacked off again, thinking of Jake's big rod buried in my ass.

It took a couple of days, but I finally worked up the courage to go to Jake's apartment. I had no plan, beyond going to his place, and seeing what would happen. I was home alone again, and drove across town, and parked a block away. I reached the building, and walked inside. He was on the ground level, and I found the mail slot with is name on it. I took a deep breath, and knocked. The door opened, and there he was, clad only in a pair of briefs. Jake was not much taller than I, but had much wider shoulders, tapering to narrow hips. His chest was covered with soft light brown fur, and he was tanned from working outside. His hair was also light brown and tousled, and his gray eyes were boring into me. I glanced down at his cock, and saw that it was semi hard, pushing against the thin material of his briefs. "What the hell do you want?" he growled at me. 

I looked up at him, afraid he was going to punch me, but saw he was just looking at me, his mouth twisted in a curious half-smile. I just shrugged, and smiled back. "I don't know. I saw your light on, thought I'd stop, say hi." Wow, that was a dumb thing to say, I thought. No he'll tell you to get the fuck away. But no, he just shook his head, and held the door open for me. In I went, not sure what to do next. The TV was on, and Jake told me to sit down. He left, and came back with two cans of beer, handing one to me. He sat in another chair, and started asking me questions. He was surprisingly easy to talk to, not at all what I expected, and we talked for some time. As we chatted, I kept stealing glances at the outline of his cock in his shorts. He saw me looking, but didn't say anything, and stayed with the conversation. The beer went through me, and I asked if I could use his bathroom. He pointed the way, and I left the room to relieve myself. When I returned, the room was empty. I glanced around, and looked in the kitchen, no Jake. Looking down the hall, I saw a light on in a room, and walked to the doorway.
