 When I was in college, I had a neighborhood friend Rich that was a couple of years older than me. I was friends with his family (I actually had the hots for his younger sister). I kinda thought he was gay from the way he acted and some of the things he'd say, but he wasn't "out" yet. We all called him Big Rich because not only was he tall, one time while skinny dipping in the lake we all saw his cock and it was absolutely huge, at least compared to ours. The nickname stuck i guess.

Rich's parents went away one weekend, and we were bored so we decided to hang out at his house. There was nothing on tv, and Rich suggested a porno he had gotten his hands on. It was straight porn, and as we were watching, he started to rub himself, so i started rubbing myself. He pulled his cock out and started jerking himself slowly. His cock was a man's cock, thick and long. I've played with guys a bit here and there, so I was no amateur, but I didn't want him to know that. He said go ahead, so i did the same. The porno got hotter with lots of sex and fucking, and we were stroking our cocks furiously. Rich suddenly stopped and said if he kept it up, he was going to cum. He told me if i had to cum, to go into the bathroom and cum in the sink. I stopped and my hard on was upright like a flagpole. 

After some time, Rich asked if I ever touched a cock before, and i lied and said no. A few minutes later, he reached out and grabbed my cock. He held it for a while, then started stroking it. It felt really good, so I reached out and grabbed his cock and did the same. We sat there for a while, just fondling each others cock. Since I didn't want him to know I had done this before, I just mimicked his steps, let him lead the way, and think this was all him.

He then asked me if he could suck my cock, and I said yes. He leaned over, licked my cock, put it in his mouth, and proceeded to give me an amazing blow job. I told him i wasn't going to last long. He didn't want me to cum in his mouth, so when i got close, i pulled out and ran into the bathroom and came in the sink. When I came back, he was a bit redfaced and embarrassed. I said its ok if we don't talk about it. He seemed happy about that. Little did he know I had plans for more fun.

For some reason, I can't even remember why or what drove me to do it, i walked right over to him, dropped to my knees, leaned over and put his cock in my mouth. He was shocked. He asked if i was sure, that I didn't have to just because he blew me, and I told him i wanted to. I sucked him like a pro. He told me he was going to cum and I kept my pace. He started to panic and said he was cumming. I locked onto his cock and swallowed every drop. When I was done, i leaned up and looked him in the eyes and he was completely taken back. He said it was perfect.

We sat there with an uncomfortable silence for a few minutes when he suggested we go for a swim. Since we were alone, we swam naked. In a playful manner, Rich would swim up alongside me and rub his cock on my leg, or against my ass cheeks. I started to get really horny, and decided to take matters into my own hands. I climbed out and walked into his house naked, and he followed. Inside we laid down on his bed, and i started playing with his cock. He got rock hard in no time, and i went down on him and slobbered all over him to get him wet, as I planned to put him inside me. I told him I wanted him to fuck me, and his eyes went big and he just stuttered. He was in total disbelief, but I assured him I wanted this, but that he was so big i'd need to adjust and he'd have to go slow.

I climbed on top of him and tried to lower myself down on him, but he was so big i just couldn't get him inside me. We tried everything, and as he was getting more and more horny and worked up, he was getting inpatient. It finally started to slowly go in, and it hurt. I felt like I was being split in half, but in a good way.

He said he had an idea, that there was lube in the bathroom. He came back with vaseline and slapped some on his cock and some on my ass and inside me. He got behind me and pushed against my asshole. I told him to go slow, but he just rammed his cock in. I screamed out and tried to get off his cock, but he held me there, and fucked me mercilessly. It hurt so bad, but i was so horny that I wanted it badly. He fucked me like it was on his mind all day. He pushed that monster cock in and out of my tight little asshole until I felt myself loosen up and start pushing back onto his cock. I begged him not to cum inside me, so when he had to cum, he pulled out and fucked my butt crack and came on my lower back.

We laid there for a while, catching our breath. Rich was still shocked. I got up, dressed and headed out the door. He begged me to stay. Said let's hang out and have a sleep over. I said maybe, but wanted to go home first. I got home and went into my bedroom, stripped, and laid there with my burning ass in the air, hoping the pain would go away. After some time, I figured i'd go back to Rich's for the sleepover. I grabbed a change of clothes, told my parents i was sleeping out, and left.

At Rich's, we hung out naked and watched a lot more porn. When we got tired, he suggested we sleep together in his parents bed. We got into bed and he asked me to suck his cock, so I did. He came in my mouth again, and I swallowed it. I climbed on top of him and rode him until I jerked my cock and came on his chest. It was so hot, and we were so worn out. We cuddled up and went to bed.

After that night and the sex sessions we had in the morning, we became discreet fuck buddies for the next year and a half before he came out to his parents. Due to their discomfort about him being gay, it made his life tough and he eventually moved out of state with another gay friend he started dating on the side. That was the beginning of my deeper dive into gay sex.