 I got a message from Rob the next day mid afternoon, 

"Can't make it tonight!" 

"Okay!" 

I did not hear from Rob for another three days, I was not sure what was wrong but assumed it was work related. On the third day I got a 

"Hello Tom its Rob!" 

"Hello Rob good to hear from you!" 

"Yes sorry about all that!" 

"No need to explain Rob I am sure you have your reasons!" 

"Can I come by tonight?" 

"I look forward to it!" 

"Can we just talk Tom?" 

"Of course come by I am home all day!" 

Not even an hour later there is a police cruiser in my driveway, Rob gets out positions his hat just so, then struts to my front door, his usual loud rap on my door I knew it was him. 

"Hello Officer how can I assist you?" Rob only smiled, 

"Can I come in?" 

I opened the door wide so he could. I stole a look of his magnificent butt as he passed by me. Rob walked right into the kitchen sitting in a chair, I myself taking one across from him. Rob only hung his head, 

"Whats wrong Rob?" 

"Tom I am sorry for not coming by three days ago but I am suffering from so much guilt of what you and I did here. Tom I'm not gay, I have never been gay and you're not turning me into one either!" 

I only smiled, 

"It was not my intention to turn you into anything Rob I only wanted to have sex with you, I am the gay one here not you!" 

"Come on Tom what you and I did that makes me gay!" I kind of smiled and laughed, 

"Yeah it really does!" 

Rob gave me this sad look, then broke out laughing.

"Sorry Tom I did have some guilt of what we did together, that is no lie, and I never thought of myself as a gay man not even bisexual for that matter. I always thought I was a straight man no inclinations towards the male sex!" 

"Rob do you really need to put a label on this? Do you have to be a certain kind of person to enjoy sex with all sexes?" 

I could see he was getting his mind wrapped around the whole idea of it all. Rob eventually looked up, those sweet sexy eyes of his, 

"You're right Tom I don't have to be anything but myself to enjoy this! Dam I should have came and talked to you three days ago!" 

"Yes you should have, now get out of here you and get to work!" 

"Yes sir, don't make me take out my big gun!" 

"You bring your big gun here later, come for dinner I can make you something good to eat!" 

"Sounds good, and fun after dinner I take it!" 

"Better than dessert!" 

Rob left with a smile and a semi, those policeman's pants can't seem to hide anything. So Rob was a straight man, wonder what other secrets the man has? Rob arrived at five, he was well dressed, and smelled so good, I greeted him at the door to his signature knock, 

"You're going to make dents in my door the way you knock on it!" 

"No welcome home dear, it's all you're breaking this, you haven't taken out the trash, what happened to us Tom we used to be so good together, where did the love go!" 

"Shut up you and kiss me, handsome, a great kisser and a comedian as well, you really are the whole package aren't you Rob?" I only got a sexy smile.

"Beer?" 

"Yes Please!" 

Rob sat at the island as I finished up dinner. 

"How was your day dear?" 

"Oh don't even ask!" 

I walked up behind him and massaged his shoulders as he told me of his day. 

"A guy could get used to this treatment, any more beer?" 

I took his empty, kissed him grabbed him a fresh one, I stood between his legs and handed him his beer, I took his head in my hands and kissed him, 

"Dinner will be ready in a few minutes, hope you like roast beef?" 

"I was hoping for sausage, big juicy sausage!" 

"Well sorry to disappoint but its roast beef!" 

After dinner Rob helped with clean up, it was more he dried a few dishes and touched me inappropriately, the man was always so horny, and it had been three days. Once dishes were done and put away Rob did a striptease for me, doing a little dance as his clothes quickly came off. I was still in awe of this man's body, I pulled him in close,as he removed my clothes while I kissed his neck, chest and nipples, I no sooner knew it I was naked, 

"Lets go to the bedroom Tom!" 

It was he who pulled me to the bedroom this time. Rob kissed me on the side of the bed, I laid him down his legs dangling from the edge of the bed, I lifted his legs to access his beautiful bubble butt, I got down between his legs, again I could see the nervousness in him. Rob jumped when my tongue landed on his pretty little hole, like an electric charge my tongue had jolted him, 

"Oh Fuck Tom yes please don't stop, dam that feels incredible!" 

I rimmed his ass till he begged me to stop he could no longer take anymore, Rob would never be a bottom, but he sure liked his ass rimmed. 

"Tom I want to try sucking your big cock!" 

"Only if I can suck yours at the same time!"

Rob and I got in a sixty nine position, me on my back, this way Rob could control how much cock he would take into his mouth at any given time. Rob sunk that huge cock of his down my throat, his hairy balls on my nose, he slowly licked my knob, it felt so good to have him doing this, Rob's hips were up and down the man was grinding his huge cock down my throat, He gingerly took a little more of my cock into his mouth, he mimicked almost all of my moves, except for swallowing mine to the base, I still felt great to have my cock sucked by him. Rob released my cock from his mouth, 

"Tom can I fuck your ass again, I really liked that the last time, but I want to be on top, so I can see you as I fuck the hell out of you!" 

I only smiled, the man knew what I liked it seems. We got into position my ass hanging on the edge of the bed, Rob stood his huge cock rock hard throbbing in anticipation. I placed my legs on his shoulders, he grabbed me by the thighs, and pulled his cock in close ready to invade my willing hole. I passed him the lube, he lubed his cock and my ass, then pointed and shoved.

I was thinking this may not have been a great idea letting him be in control of nailing my ass I may never walk straight again. Rob was not gentle he wanted to fuck me and he wanted to fuck me hard, his cock rammed my hole, I would be sore tomorrow, but fuck it felt so good! Rob leaned in and kissed me, 

"Tom I am really close!" 

"Slow down lover you're cumming to fast!" 

His cock stopped for a few seconds, then he slammed my ass, the man was horny and he was going to cum. His balls retracted, his shaft swelled, 

"Fuck Tom I'mmm!"

he never finished his sentence, his cock exploded, three days was way to long for him to wait to have sex. Hanging half off the bed Rob laid on me, I tried to scoot up, Rob grabbed me and placed me on the bed, he again laid on top of me, this was something I could get used to, having this hot man on top of me each time we had sex. Rob lifted his head, 

"Can I stay the night Tom?" 

"Of course you can, I may even make you breakfast in the morning!" 

"Tell you what you suck my dick and skip the breakfast!" 

"You sir have a deal!"