 I am not sure that I have ever slept so good in one night as I did when Rob stayed with me, the man spooned me the whole night. He woke me up a few times thru the night seems he was having some bad dreams, I assumed it was work related, I am a morning person, I am up at the same time each day no matter what time I go to bed. I was up at six, Rob was out, laying on his back, his chest uncovered, my hand naturally went to his nipple.

I leaned in and took his nipple in my mouth, I pinched it between my lips, my tongue played with it till it was rock hard. All at once the sheet and blanket started to tent over Rob's crotch area, seems I was getting the effect I was looking for. I pulled back the sheet and blanket to find his cock rock hard, I grabbed for his huge cock, I slowly slid back the foreskin, his knob glistened in the morning light. I went in for a lick, the mans precum was so good, I sucked what I could from his cock, I would have to work for it if I wanted more. I pulled back the blankets and sheet, I now had him fully exposed, naked vulnerable, 

"Tom I don't want to get up and go to work I want to stay here with you!" 

I got between his legs, I took his huge tool in my hand, it felt so good in your hand the skin loose, his cock so dam hard. I slowly stroked him, 

"I want to stay right here myself, I could play with this all day long!" 

I took his massive balls in my hand, I held them so the stretched the skin taut, I leaned in and licked them, 

"Oh Fuck Tom your driving me nuts here!" 

I released his nuts and took his tool in my mouth, hard to believe I could swallow all of this, I took my time and slowly took it in gradually, Rob wanted to shove it in me, Once I had devoured it all, I held it there, I could only do this for a short time as I needed to breath. 

"Come on Tom suck it like you did the first time, suck it hard and deep!" 

I held his cock pointing straight up, I winked at Rob, then I went down, I took his cock to the hilt then back out again, when I would get to the base I would suck down, clamp my throat and mouth down on his cock, It would not take much of this and the man would be shooting his creamy load in me soon.

No sooner said than done, Rob's cock jerked, his balls rose in their sack, his foreskin retracted, his cock started to blow, I made sure he would bath the inside of my mouth with his wonderful cum. The man filled my mouth to capacity, I had cum dripping from the sides of my mouth. Rob just laid there, I climbed to his face and shared his wonderful load with him. His eyes soon were like saucers, the man had never tasted his own cum, I was not sure he liked it or not, but he did not pull away, once he caught his breath. 

"Tom that was incredible as usual, and the taste of my cum is so unusual, its sweet and salty all in one!" 

"Tastes dam good to me Rob I hated to share it but you should know what your own cum tastes like! You need to get in the shower and get ready for work!" 

"Do I have to? Can't I call in sick?" 

"No you are not sick, there is no reason for you to stay home!" 

Rob grabbed me and pulled me on the bed he rolled us over and laid on top of me, he covered me in kisses, holding my hands over my head so I could not resist, like I would.

"Okay maybe we could call in sick!" 

"Yeah I wish I could take the day off and lay on top of you all day but I can't take the day off today!" 

Rob rolled off of me, I got up to make coffee, and something for Rob and I to eat. He got in the shower, I brought him a coffee, as he got out of the shower. 

"I made us a small breakfast! Come eat before you rush off!" 

"Yes dear!" 

Rob came from the shower naked, the man did it on purpose to keep me all horned up. Rob and I ate, I looked at him, dam I liked this guy! 

"So Tom can I drop by tonight?" 

"I have a meeting after work till about seven, but I can message you after I am done and you can come by!" 

"Okay I can hit the gym after work, should I just pick up a pizza before I come by?" 

"Yes that is a great idea! Now get to work you!" 

"Yes sir, can I go like this?" 

"No you can't go naked silly man, you'll be arrested, can you imagine the paperwork involved?" 

I got a kiss and a hug as he walked out the door, 

"I really like you Tom!" 

"I really like you to Rob!" 

After my meeting ended I messaged Rob to head over I just had to pick up a few things at the supermarket then we could sit back relax and eat our pizza and I would make a chicken Caesar salad to go along with it. I did not get a reply from Rob, I waited till I was at the supermarket, another message still no reply. I was a little worried at this point, I got home got changed and started to prep the salad.

I turned the television on to catch the nightly news, Their top story was a shooting downtown one policeman shot in critical condition, two others seriously injured, my heart sank, reality just hit me Rob was a policeman, I never thought anything like this could happen. How the hell was I going to find out who had been shot?and who was injured? 

I messaged Rob's phone once again, 

"Rob I am very worried about you Please message me if your okay Please I am worried sick here!"

I waited another half hour before I got a response, 

"Hey Tom sorry about not responding earlier, it's my partner who was shot can you come by and pick me up I can't drive!" 

"On my way Rob what Hospital?" 

He gave me the hospital and what doors to find him at, when I got there Rob was a mess, I got him in my car and sat there I could tell he was in shock. I seat belted him in and we were on our way. When we got home I unbuckled his belt, I went to his side of the car to help him get out, he was lost, I took his hand and led him in the house. I sat him on the couch and got him a beer, I stood in front of him and held his head to my abdomen. Rob finally broke down, he cried and cried, I got on my knees and held him as he wept. 

"That could have easily been me Tom, the bullet missed me and hit him in the chest, they worked on him for hours but he didn't make it Tom! He died in the hospital in surgery, injuries to extensive, that bullet went right thru his heart!"

I sat on the couch beside Rob and held him, he was still in his uniform, I removed his gun belt, put it in the bedroom I took his hand and led him to the bathroom. I slowly undressed him, his clothes covered in blood, Robs face and hands still had dried blood on them too. I got myself undressed and brought him into the shower, I wet him down the shampooed and washed him down, dried him off and put him to bed. I turned to go, 

"Please Tom don't leave me here alone!" 

"I just have to shut the lights and then I will get in bed with you!"

Once in bed Rob laid on me once again, 

"I feel so safe on you Tom, your my protector!" 

I rubbed his back and head, Rob was out in no time. They had given him something to calm him down at the hospital. Rob woke me over and over, he was reliving the whole scenario all over again and again, all I had to do is rub his back and he knew he was safe with me in our bed. I woke up at six my usual, Rob was sitting on the side of the bed, his face in his hands.

"Are you okay Rob?" 

"No Tom I am not, I have had some close calls before but never anything like this! How am I going to get thru this Tom? How do I put that uniform back on, how do I get in a car without Darryl, he was my best friend my partner, we spent hours together! I was best man at his wedding!" 

Rob burst into tears once again, 

"I have been staying at their house after my ex and I broke up, I can't go to their place to stay!"

"Rob you will stay here, I will try to help you get thru this, I can go with you to visit Darryl's wife, and you can pick up your stuff!" 

"Thanks Tom!" 

He gave me a half smile of sorts. The visit to Darryl's wife was hard to do, Rob was a mess and Darryl's wife was too. Seems Rob had told them about me, he wanted them to meet me, I got to see pictures of Darryl and Rob in uniform, two very handsome men for sure. I got Rob's clothes and personals all packed up in the car, they sat and talked about Darryl.

I got hug from Darryl's wife, 

"Please take care of Rob for me he deserves a good man to be with!" 

"Cynthia if you need anything at anytime day or night please feel free to call on us!" 

"Thank you guys, I will head up to my Mothers for a few weeks, then decide from there what to do!" 

When we got home I got Rob's clothes and personals all put away, he needed some rest the man was on the edge of exhaustion.

"Come on Rob we will take a nap before dinner, you need some sleep!" 

I took his hand and led him to our bed, as we lay in our favorite position, Rob half on me, my arms holding him safe and secure. 

"I love you Tom!" 

"I love you too Rob!"