 I've always known I'm gay. In fact, not only have I known that, I've always known that I'm a total bottom. I was born a man. I understand that and I haven't really fought it too much. This is the story of my first time. It happened so quickly I couldn't really stop and think of what was happening except at one point. I was 18 and he was 19...

The day started out like normal. It was 2006, and I was in high school. I grew up in Connecticut, and surprisingly, we still got snow back then! But there was something different about that day. I could tell when I woke up in the morning. I could tell when I got on the bus to school, and it was confirmed when the principal came on the loudspeakers to tell us that we were going to have a half day due to incoming snow. 

I had known Alex, my neighbor from a few houses down, for a few years. He was gorgeous! He's 6'1 and a muscly 155 pounds. He had black hair that went down over his forehead and beautiful green eyes. We were occasional friends. I would go to his house to play video games. I was better, but we always got along. He had girlfriends, so I wasn't looking at him in any way for romance.

But back to the day. We were the only two people in the neighborhood who had to take the bus that day. And it just so happens that that day, I was wearing my black beret that was a gift from some relatives. I was putting it on after getting off the bus when all of a sudden I felt a hand on my shoulder! 'Want to have some lunch with me?' Alex asked after I realized that I wasn't alone. "Sure" was all I could say, my mind wandering about being seen wearing my beret. 

The walk to his house was short. We talked about whether we'd actually get snow. What games we liked to play. The sports teams we rooted for. We got to his house, unlocked the front door and put out stuff down. We walked back to the kitchen and Alex said, "I'm going to heat something up for myself. You can have whatever you'd like." We'd never spent much time in his kitchen, so I didn't know what kind of foods he had. After looking around the pantry, I found a big can of albacore tuna. "Would you mind if I had some of this?" knowing that the can was way too big for me to finish. "That's a good idea. I'll just have the other half with you."

So I made us a pair of tuna sandwiches and we sat down to eat at his table in the kitchen. The kitchen, I should say was a little small. A small cooking area with a small 4 person table right next to the window. So we sat and ate for a while. But Alex kept staring at me with a funny look the entire time. He looked nervous, like he had something on his mind and he wasn't sure whether or not to say it. 

I had just finished half of my sandwich when I finally got up the nerve to ask him, "Is everything ok? You don't look comfortable." That's all it took. Alex quickly leaned across the table and kissed me. I retreated back from his lips because I wasn't sure what was going on. I had always known him as straight. I wasn't sure if he was serious, trying to find out about me, or playing a joke. Our eyes locked for a second. I whispered to him, "Are you sure?" and that's all it took. He leaned across the table again and kissed me with his lips and tongue. I was in. 

Our kissing got heavier and heavier. It was total animal instinct. We kissed for what felt like forever, but in the grand scheme, it turned out to be 10 minutes. I couldn't take it anymore. I broke off our kiss, slid out of my chair under the table, and went straight for his pants. I unzipped his fly, to find such a gorgeous cock. I didn't have a ruler on me at the time, but I'd guess it was about 6 inches, and cut. I took his beautiful cock in my mouth. I had given a bj or two in my time, but they were such nervous affairs. This was just pure lust.

I attacked his cock like time was going to run out. He tasted to amazing! I could hear his moans from above the table top. Every 10-30 seconds, I'd really wrap my tongue around his head. Every time I'd do that, his hand would slap the table in pleasure. I was having a great time, I was in heaven! Just as I was about to go for the head of his cock again, I felt his hand beneath my chin. "Wait! Hold on a sec! Wait!" I was not the happiest camper to hear that. Here I was blowing this gorgeous guy, I didn't want it to end!

He pushed back his chair and pulled me up from under the table. We stood there for a second looking at each other. Or, I should say, trying to. I couldn't keep my eyes off that hard cock looking right at me. Then Alex asked, "Are you a virgin?" "Yes" was all I could say, expecting that to be the end of our encounter. The straight guy finally wizened up and didn't want me anymore. "Good" I saw him say with a smirk on his face. He then asked me the hottest question of my life so far, "Do you want to do something about that?" My heart was jumping for joy. This was the greatest thing I had ever heard! 

The next few seconds were total instinct, and it was still the hottest thing I think I've ever done. As soon as he finished his question, I knew immeadiately what to do. I walked over to his table, unfastened the button on my pants, unzipped my fly and lowered my pants to just below my butt. Then I bent over the table. 

Now here's where things get embarrassing. We were only 18 and 19. We had no idea what the hell we were doing. Alex first walked right up to me and put his cock at my hole. He tried to push, I tried to open up, but gay sex dry is really hard to do. After a few minutes of trying, failing, and then spitting to try to make it work, we realized we needed lubricant. We looked around the kitchen for anything that would help make my dream come true. Finally I heard Alex say, "I got it!" He had his hands on some oil from his pantry. He poured some in my hands as I put it on his cock. After it was ready he said, "Ok baby, go bend over for me." I went back over to the table, spread my legs, and put my arms on the table top. 

I could feel his head was much better this time. But we still went slowly. He lined it up and started pushing. Finally after a second or two of pressure his head slipped in. "TAKE IT OUT! TAKE IT OUT!" was all I could manage to say. When his head slipped in for the first time, it really hurt! I was so nervous. Had I blown it? Was I really not a bottom? Was I letting my first time slip away? After a second or two, Alex asked, "Want to give it another try?" I was determined. So I gave him an enthusiastic yes.

Again, I could feel his cock at my hole. But this time was different. His head slipped in so easily! All I could do was let out a moan in pleasure as he stood there with just the tip of his head in my butt. Alex could hear my heavy breathing and asked tenderly, "do you want to stop?" Little did he know, but I was in heaven. "No, I want you to go all the way in." I managed to say. Slowly but surely, he kept pushing himself inside me. Finally, I felt his hips against my butt cheeks. IT WAS THE BEST FEELING IN THE WORLD!

I tried to tell Alex that but all that came out were various moans and noises. He pulled back slowly and then pushed back all the way in. I was getting fucked. And I loved every second of it. When he pushed all the way back in all I could do was let out a, "oooo yeah" instead of actual words. 

We started very slowly. All the way in, and then almost totally out. Alex was very tender and caring. All I wanted was more and more. I couldn't verbalize anything because of the pleasure coursing through my body. I just knew I didn't want him to stop. As his speed picked up more and more all I could do was moan in pleasure. I tried to tell Alex how much I was enjoying everything, but all that I could muster was moans of pleasure. 

After a little while though, I finally did find one thing to say. As Alex was still being very tender, I was able to manage to turn my head (I couldn't see him because at that point my beret was over my eyes) and tell him, "now fuck me." Alex started pumping faster and faster. All I could do was get louder and louder as he trust powerfully in to me. 

This didn't last too long. After a few really hard thrusts, I heard him start to breathe and pant heavily. Finally with one scream, and the deepest of thrusts, he collapsed on my back. I could feel a warm sensation in my stomach. I had gotten my first taste of a guy cumming in me. I had never felt more perfect than there, bent over a kitchen table, with a hot guy cumming in me. 

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE!" was what I heard next. I looked to my right and there was his older sister Anna standing there staring right at us. Anna was supposed to be at her job that day. Fortunately she was very cool. She didn't judge us or anything. She did warn us about not getting caught again so easily. 

After all that confusion ended, it was time for me to go home. My butt was tingling in the best kind of way. He walked me to the door and we said our goodbyes, but there was one thing that was on my mind. 

"How did you know that I like guys?" I finally got up the nerve to ask. 

"Simple" he said rather assumptively, "your beret gave it away."