 "This is going to be the best birthday present you've ever had," Billy said, as he drained the last few drops of his coffee. I had been lamenting for weeks about the approach of my 40th birthday and Billy had taken me out for a birthday lunch to cheer me up. During lunch he kept hinting at a surprise birthday present, a present that would definitely involve my favorite subject-sex.

"Just be home alone Saturday evening and wait for the present to arrive," he said, grinning from ear to ear. "I know you well enough to know you're going to enjoy the hell out of this present."

As the weekend approached I kept trying to imagine which of my many sexual fantasies Billy was going to surprise me with. He knew me pretty well and he knew all about my sexual preferences, even sharing in some of them. He knew I enjoyed damned near anything to do with sex, in fact he had introduced me to guy-guy sex several years ago when I had enjoyed a wild threesome at the beach with Billy and his then wife.

The doorbell rang about 7:30 Saturday evening. I opened the door to find a repairman facing me. He was a youngish guy, probably in his early 20's, blonde and blu-eyed. I guess he was about 6'2" since he appeared to be a couple inches taller than me. He was wearing a uniform of sorts, a shirt that had silver snap buttons down the front and pants that had the same snap buttons running down the sides of both legs. The outfit was finished off by a pair of heavy work boots. I must have looked a bit surprised, because he grinned at me and said, "Hi, you must be Paul. I'm Jonny. Your friend Billy hired me to install a new water shutoff valve under your sink."

"A water shut-off valve???" I said. "That's the big surprise birthday present i'm getting? Jeezuz, what a joke."

"I guess he must have thought it was funny," Jonny said, as he closed the door behind him. "Just show me where the kitchen is and I'll get to work."

"This is nuts," I said, "but I might as well get what he ordered."

I took him into the kitchen and pointed to the sink. "There's some stuff underneath the sink that'll have to be moved."

"Oh, that's okay, I'm used to that. I'll take care of it.

He walked over to the sink and bent over to look underneath. The pants he was wearing were very tight and they stretched even tighter as he bent over. No question this guy was in great shape. I could see the muscles of his thighs outlined against the thin, tight fabric of his pants. He took a waste basket and a bottle of drain cleaner out and set them up on the cupboard. As he turned toward me, he said, "Damn, it's hot in here, Paul. Do you mind if I take off my shirt?"

This sounded promising. At least I was going to be able to see a bit more of this guy. Maybe that was going to be my present.

"Sure, go right ahead, make yourself comfortable," I said.

His hands moved to the top of the snaps on the front of his shirt and, in one motion, he ripped the snaps apart, and pulled the shirt off, dropping it to the floor.

"There, that's better," he said, as he moved his hands across his chest.

Now I could really see what great shape he was in. There wasn't an ounce of fat anywhere. His shoulders were broad and muscular. His hands moved down his broad chest and over the taught muscles of his abdomen. If there was such a thing as a Greek god, this guy was it.

My mind started to play games with me. I wondered if there was more to this birthday surprise than I had first imagined. What was this guy up to? Did Billy just want me to see this hunk of a plumber, or was there more to this than I dared hope for.

"Well, I guess I'd better get down to work," Jonny said.

He turned back toward the sink and bent down to crawl underneath. "Damn, what an ass," I thought as I watched the pants stretch thin as he worked under the sink. I wanted to reach out and feel him, but I still wasn't sure what the hell was going on.

He backed out from under the sink and stood up. "I guess everything's ready so I can put the new valve on, but I'll have to turn the water supply off first."

Jonny was facing me now. He was smiling at me in a sexy sort of way, looking like plumbing was the farthest thing from his mind.

"Billy warned me that you kept it pretty warm in here," he said, "but this is ridiculous. I need to take these pants off."

His hands moved to his waist, then over to the snaps on the side of one leg. He looked my straight in the eyes, then ripped the snaps open, first on one leg, then the other. His pants fell to the floor. I was stunned. I guess my mouth must have fallen open as he stood there, completely naked, except for his boots. My god, he was magnificent. And what a cock. At least 8 inches and it was only beginning to swell.

"Happy birthday, Paul. This is what Billy wanted you to have," he said. His hands began moving over his cock, coaxing it into erection. "With your mouth open like that, you must want to wrap those lips around this," he said.

He moved closer to me, took my hand and placed it on his cock. "Feel me, Paul, feel me, while I help you get these things off."

I felt the smoothness of his hard, clean-shaven cock, letting my hand move slowly up and down the shaft as I placed my other hand on his ass. He unbuttoned my t-shirt and pulled it off. He let his hands move slowly down my torso.

"I like the feel of your hand on my cock, Paul" he whispered, as he reached down to unbuckle my belt, "but I'll have to give it up for a moment while I get you naked.. His mouth grazed across my now rigid cock as he pulled my levis and underwear down my legs. He removed my shoes and socks, then pulled the pants and shorts off.

His hands moved up my legs, over my ass, then back to my now throbbing cock. His fingers rubbed over the head of my cock, pinching lightly, rubbing again, caressing, collecting precum from the tip of my cock. He raised his fingers to his lips, licking the precum as he moved his lips nearer to my mouth.

"Mmmm...you taste good, baby," he whispered. "Wouldn't you like to taste your own sweet precum?" He moved his hand back to my dripping cock, then back up, this time to my mouth, sliding precum over my waiting lips, then into my mouth..

He pulled me close as he leaned his face forward, letting his tongue start licking the precum off my lips. "Mmmm, baby," His tongue moved inside my mouth, still licking, kissing, deep, passionate tongue kissing. I was so fucking close. His hand moved down to my cock again stroking, slowly bringing me toward orgasm. Moaning, I couldn't hold back any longer. I started to spurt cum as he quickly moved down to take my cock in his mouth, sucking, swallowing, sucking, licking. I screamed out, "Oh fuck, I'm cumming!" My entire body was caught in spasms of ecstasy as I oozed into his waiting, sucking mouth.

"Mmmm, Paulie, I hope you liked your birthday present," Jonny whispered, as we sat, collapsed, on the kitchen floor. "From the look on your face, I'd say Billy got his money's worth by buying my 'plumbing' services for you. Now I'd better finish up with that shutoff valve." Still naked, Jonny turned off the water supply and installed the new shutoff valve. I just watched in admiration. 

As he started to get his clothes back on, I said, "Ohh fuck, Jonny, I'd say that was the best birthday present I've ever been given. Please let me do something to reward you for your fantastic work." I knelt in front of him, pulling him toward me as I took his 8 inches as far into my mouth as I could, then sucked and licked until he unloaded into my eager mouth.