 Author's Note: this story contains gay father-son incest. All characters are over the age of 18.

*****

Chris and I left the bedroom doors open that night. I heard Chris ordering Liam to beg to get fucked, and Liam eagerly complying. And I'm certain Chris heard Justin as he moaned on my cock. Justin's tight hole was nicely lubed up from the load his dad had pumped into him earlier. As I heard Liam's moans escalating across the hall, I started getting competitive and tried to make Justin moan even louder. This went on for almost an hour, until Justin, on his back with legs spread, was cumming all over himself as I easily slid in and out of him. I couldn't hold back anymore and unloaded in his perfect 18-year-old ass. 

I flopped onto the bed, and Justin and I caught our breaths. Meanwhile, Chris and Liam were still going at it. I lay there, as Justin fell asleep nuzzled against my chest, listening as Chris became more and more rough. Chris started groaning aggressively as Liam squealed, and Chris started saying stuff like, "Yeah, you're a good little fucking slut, aren't you?" I heard Chris firmly spanking Liam, causing him to moan louder, although it sounded like his face was getting pressed into the bedsheets. Chris said, "Yeah, you like that, bitch?" 

I grew hard, and had no choice but to wake Justin up. He happily lifted his ass slightly into the air, inviting me to fuck him as he lay on his stomach. It took me about 5 minutes to deposit another load inside him, as I listened to Chris and Liam cumming in the other room.

The next morning, I woke up, Justin's naked body pressed against me. I eased myself out of bed, being careful not to wake him up. I slid on a pair of boxers and left the bedroom to go downstairs to the kitchen to start some coffee. As I passed Liam's bedroom, I saw they were already awake. Chris had Liam on his back, ass raised up into the air, legs spread, Chris leaning over him and firmly grasping his neck with one hand. He wasn't being fully choked, but he couldn't really make sounds as Chris pounded his ass. 

I was taken aback at what I saw, but Chris just smiled at my stunned face when he saw me. "Turns out your son likes it rough," he said. "Isn't that right, slut?" he added, looking down at Liam and releasing his throat slightly. 

"Nnnnngggghhh, fuck yes, don't stop, sir," Liam cried.

Chris looked at me and laughed, seeing my boxers tent as I watched. "We'll be down in a minute, why don't you get started on breakfast?"

I watched for a few seconds as Chris directed his attention back to the blond twink beneath him, then continued walking and went downstairs. As I started brewing a pot of coffee, I heard Liam begging Chris to fuck him harder and faster. I struggled to focus on preparing breakfast. Then, after a few minutes, Liam's cries changed from, "Fuck me harder, sir," to "Oh, Justin, yes, add your load to your dad's!" 

I stopped what I was doing, realizing Justin was now fucking Liam, and ran back upstairs. I was not going to miss this. I burst into the room, finding Liam on all fours on the bed, Justin behind him on his knees, fucking Liam hard. Chris was sitting up at the head up the bed, lazily touching his semi-hard cock, watching and smiling. 

Liam looked up at me and smiled. "Hi, Daddy," he said. 

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuuuuuuck," Justin said, clearly cumming in my son's ass. 

I quickly dropped my boxers to the floor and ordered Justin to get out of the way. I gruffly pushed Liam onto his stomach and mounted his ass. I slid in easily, then grabbed the back of Liam's head to get better leverage so I could fuck him as hard as possible, pushing his face into the sheets. 

"You like this?" I said. "Getting fucked by three guys in a row? I can't believe my son is such a fucking whore." 

I let Liam's head lift off the sheets and he cried out, "Oh my god, fuck me, daddy, fuck me like a good little slut." 

I let out a guttural groan and added my load to the others'. As I got off of Liam, he rolled over, and I saw that I had made him cum onto the bed sheets. He smiled at me and said, "This is fucking amazing." 

***

We spent the rest of the morning lazing around in our underwear. I made everybody breakfast (we were all starving, obviously). We all took showers. A few hours passed. We found ourselves watching TV together in the living room. Justin and Liam were lying on the couch, cuddled up together, while Chris and I sat in chairs on either side. Justin was wearing a pair of Liam's briefs, white with colorful polka dots, fitting him tightly. Liam wore a pair of very short, tight, mesh boyshorts that he liked to wear when he practiced his cheerleading. They lay on their sides, facing the TV, Justin behind Liam.

We were watching TV for a while, but it was only a matter of time before Chris and I started paying more and more attention to Justin and Liam's cuddles. Justin's hand slid up and down Liam's smooth, flat stomach, and eventually was lightly grazing across Liam's clearly erect penis through his shorts. Liam began pushing his butt back into Justin's crotch. Justin made eye contact with me as he pulled my son's cock out of his briefs and began stroking him. 

I glanced over at Chris, whose hand had slipped into his boxers. He looked at me and said, "Pretty hot show, huh?" 

I nodded, slipping my own hand into my boxers.

We watched as Justin and Liam started making out, then Chris said sternly, "Liam, suck my son's dick."

Liam looked at Chris and smiled. "Yes, sir," he said, sliding down on the couch and sucking Justin's dick while raising his butt up into the air. 

I kept stroking, looking over at Chris. He smirked at me. "You like seeing me make your son my bitch, huh?" he said.

I was surprised by how aggressive Chris was being. I just nodded, and went back to watching my son blow Justin. But I kept glancing back over, watching Chris. He had pulled his boxers down, so his cock was entirely on display as he jerked off. 

I think Chris noticed he was starting to distract me. "Ben," he said. 

I was startled at his sternness, looking over at him, trying not to stare at his cock.

He pointed his dick at me and kept stroking. "Get on your knees and crawl over here."

"Wh-what?" I said softly.

He stared at me. "You heard me. Come on. I can tell you want it." 

Liam was continuing to suck Justin's cock, but they were watching this exchange. 

I felt an intense desire to service his cock. I was overpowered, sliding out of my chair and onto my hands and knees. 

"Oh my god," I heard Liam say as I wrapped my lips around Chris's dick. "Suck that dick, daddy." 

I didn't know what I was doing really, but I seemed to take to it naturally, kissing the head of his cock before taking several inches of him down my throat. He placed his hand on the back of my head and guided my head up and down. 

"You two get over here, too," Chris said to Liam and Justin. 

They eagerly scurried over, getting on their knees on either side of me. As I bobbed up and down on Chris's cock, Liam and Justin started licking up and down the length.

"Fuuuuck yes," Chris said.

Justin brought his head off his dad's cock for a second and said, "I guess we know who's in charge around here, Daddy." 

Chris laughed. "That's right, son. I think he's ready to take my load down his throat too."

I moaned on his cock, bobbing up and down more eagerly. Chris let out of a moan and shoved my head down on his cock. I loved the feeling of his cock pulsing against my lips as he came. 

"Fuck yes, daddy, make sure you get every drop," Liam said as I swallowed. 

***

After Chris got off, we relaxed for a while longer. Justin and Liam sat next to each other on the couch. Justin picked up Liam's cell phone off the coffee table, turned it on, and nudged Liam. "Hey, you know what we have to do now, right?"

Liam looked at Justin, who was holding Liam's phone out to him. "Oh my god, you're right."

Liam took the phone and started tapping away at it.

"What are you guys talking about?" I asked them.

"Um...well..." Liam said, giggling. "You know Mr. Davis, right?"

"Sure," I said. "Your history teacher this year. What about him?"

"Well..." Liam said. "Justin and I both think he's so super hot, so we kept flirting with him this year, and I think he'd like to join us." 

"What do you mean, you flirted with him?" I asked.

Justin giggled. "Ya know, just, like...Liam was always bending over next to his desk to pick up pencils, and telling Mr. Davis how cute he is, and asking how big his dick is."

"You asked your teacher how big his dick is??" I asked, shocked. "What did he say?"

Liam laughed. "He just said it was inappropriate or whatever, but then he had to go sit down behind his desk to hide the tent in his pants." Justin laughed too.

"And then, um..." Justin said. "On the very last day of school, Mr. Davis gave Liam his phone number. He said it was just in case Liam wanted to 'keep in touch.'" 

Liam's phone buzzed. He looked at it and smiled. "Come here," Liam told Justin. Justin scooted next to Liam as Liam held his phone up in the air to take a selfie. Liam leaned in and kissed Justin on the cheek. I couldn't tell exactly what was in the picture, but from the angle Liam was holding the phone, it definitely showed that the two boys were shirtless. Justin and Liam looked at the picture together. "Think he'll like it?" Justin asked. 

"Of course," Liam said. Before Chris or I could say anything, Liam sent the picture to their teacher. Chris and I watched as Liam and Justin giggled as they sent messages to Mr. Davis. Later, they showed us the conversation they had, which read as follows:

--

Liam: hi Mr. Davis, how's your summer going?

Mr. Davis: oh hi Liam, it's going okay, how about you?

Liam: great, best summer ever :)

Mr. Davis: oh good. What're you up to?

Liam: umm...having some fun with Justin...wanna see?

Mr. Davis: ...see what?

Liam: here

[picture of Justin kissing Liam's cheek, from a very high angle so that Mr. Davis could see Justin's briefs and Liam's shorts]

Mr. Davis: mm, nice. teasing me as usual, huh?

Liam: lol oh so you noticed that, huh?

Mr. Davis: noticed you throwing yourself at me all school year, you mean?

Liam: mmmm yes :)

Mr. Davis: how could I not notice a tight-ass little twink like you?

Liam: Mr. Davis! that's very naughty of you to say

Mr. Davis: well you're not my student any more

Liam: hmm so then I guess you can tell me how big your dick is now

Mr. Davis: why don't I just show you

[picture of Mr. Davis's thick, hard, 9-inch cock]

Liam: wowwwww that's even bigger than my dad's

Mr. Davis: um, say what?

Liam: you read that right ;) bigger than justin's dad's too

Mr. Davis: wow you are a little slut, aren't you?

Liam: wanna see how much of a slut?

Mr. Davis: yes

Liam: come over

--

Liam gave Mr. Davis our address. 

"Uh, I dunno about this," I said after reading the conversation. 

"Aww, Daddy," Liam said. "I know it's big, but I promise I'll ride that cock so good." 

I looked at Chris, who just grinned and rubbed his crotch. "You too, son?" he asked.

Justin giggled. "I can't fucking wait." 

About fifteen minutes later, the doorbell rang. Before I could do anything, Liam ran to the door and opened it, still wearing just his little mesh shorts. "Oh, hi, Mr. Davis. Come on in," he said.

Mr. Davis walked inside. He was about 6'3" and very muscular. He had dark brown, medium-length hair and a well-groomed beard. To be honest, I felt a little intimidated by his presence. 

As he walked into the living room, he looked around at Justin, his dad, and me. "You two must be Justin and Liam's pervert dads," Mr. Davis said authoritatively. 

"Oh, uh, hi, I'm Ben and this is Chris," I started to say, but Mr. Davis cut me off.

"Listen, let's get one thing straight. I'm not about to share these little twinks. They're mine for the afternoon. If you two want to sit and watch, that's your fucked up business," he said sternly. "Now. Liam and Justin, get your tight little asses over here and get on your knees."

Liam and Justin quickly obeyed. I couldn't believe how quickly this guy had taken charge. "I've been waiting all year to fuck you two bitches. Been teasing me all year long, so you're gonna treat my cock right now, aren't you?" They nodded obediently. "Well then what the fuck are you waiting for?"

Liam quickly started undoing Mr. Davis's belt and unbuttoning his pants. In no time, his hard cock was sliding down his throat. 

"Mmmm," Mr. Davis moaned. "All that cocksucking practice in the school bathroom has done you good."

Liam giggled and gave Justin a turn. "How do you know about that?"

"Oh please," Mr. Davis said, pushing the back of Justin's head down the length of his cock. "You think I didn't know what you were doing when you and some jock would sneak off to the bathroom for a half hour? You were a sluttier cum addict than the cheerleaders." 

"Mmm," Liam squealed. "I wasn't just sucking their cocks either. Sometimes they'd take me into a stall and push me up against a wall to dump their load into me."

"Shut the fuck up and get back on my cock," Mr. Davis ordered, pulling his shirt over his head. Liam quickly complied.

Justin looked up at Mr. Davis's muscular, hairy body. "I want to see you fuck my boyfriend so bad, Mr. Davis."

"Don't worry, you two sluts will both get the poundings you deserve," Mr. Davis said. 

Chris and I had taken seats on the couch and pulled down our shorts, stroking our cocks as we enjoyed the show. I'd never seen anything so hot. 

"Get on your hands and knees, sluts," Mr. Davis said.

Liam and Justin took their positions on the floor in front of us. "Come here and strip your sons for me," Mr. Davis ordered us.

Chris and I looked at each other, a little surprised to be getting ordered around. But we both silently got down on the floor next to each of our sons. Chris pulled Justin's briefs down as I pulled down Liam's shorts. Our sons' tight, round, cute little butts were now on display for their high school teacher. 

"Nice," Mr. Davis said. "Now get their holes ready for me."

Chris and I looked at each other, then quickly started eating our sons' asses. Justin and Liam started moaning like crazy as we tried to lube up their holes as best we could.

After a few minutes, Mr. Davis said, "Good, now go sit back down." 

We did, quickly getting back to stroking our dicks as Mr. Davis kneeled behind Liam. He looked over at me, slapping Liam's ass with his fat cock. "Tell me what you want," he said.

I was speechless for a second, then blurted out, "Fuck my son." 

"Beg me," Mr. Davis ordered.

"Please fuck my son," I said.

"Call me sir," Mr. Davis commanded.

"Yes, sir. Please give my slutty little son the hard fucking he needs, sir," I pleaded.

Before I had even finished, he had begun pressing the head of his cock into my son's tight hole. Liam let out a half-moan, half-grown. "Mmmmm, yeah, that's it," Mr. Davis said, continuing to push inside him. "I'm gonna loosen you up real good."

When Mr. Davis had pushed half the length of his cock into Liam, Liam started pushing his ass back, eager to take it all. I couldn't believe how quickly he took to this massive thing. "Nnnnggghhh, yes, Mr. Davis, don't stop," Liam begged.

"That's it, son," I encouraged. "Be a good boy for Mr. Davis." 

Justin was on his hands and knees next to Liam, smiling at Liam's ecstatic face. Then Mr. Davis lightly slapped Justin's ass and motioned for him to get up next to him. Justin eagerly complied, getting on his knees next to Mr. Davis and sliding his hands up his muscular body. As Mr. Davis started slowly sliding in and out of Liam, He slid an arm around Justin's thin, smooth waist and started making out with him. Justin's hard cock bounced in front of him. He began kissing up and down Mr. Davis's neck and chest, watching as Mr. Davis began fucking Liam more quickly. 

As I was entranced by this show, I suddenly felt Chris's hand grab my wrist and pull my hand to his cock. I looked over at him, then willingly wrapped my hand around his cock and started stroking. Chris began stroking me in exchange. 

Mr. Davis pounded Liam's ass in earnest for a few minutes as Liam's moans grew louder and louder. "Fuuuuuuck, yes, Mr. Davis, this is the best cock I've ever had." 

Mr. Davis groaned, then slapped Justin's ass firmly and said, "Get back down there, it's your turn." 

Justin quickly got in position. Liam let out a disappointed little whimper when Mr. Davis slid out of him and moved behind Justin. 

"You ready to see your son become my bitch?" Mr. Davis asked Chris.

Chris nodded as I stroked him and said, "Yes, sir, fuck my boy good."

Mr. Davis spat on Justin's hole and pushed his cock inside of him. Justin made his dad proud, sliding back onto this fat cock eagerly. Liam got up and started making out with Mr. Davis as Justin begged to be fucked harder.

I felt Chris's hand slide up and push the back of my head down. I looked at him and he nodded toward his cock. I quickly understood and got on my knees in front of him, taking his cock into my mouth while still trying to keep an eye on the show. 

"Mmm, that's it, Daddy, suck Chris's cock good," Liam encouraged me. 

Justin smiled at me as he got pounded by Mr. Davis. "You like sucking my dad's cock, huh?"

I moaned and nodded as my head bobbed up and down. 

Justin giggled. "It's so hot seeing him turn you into his bitch." 

Mr. Davis continued to fuck Justin, but was increasingly focused on Liam, who was kneeling next to him. Mr. Davis's hands were sliding up and down Liam's smooth body while Justin fucked himself on Mr. Davis's cock. Mr. Davis pulled Liam's face toward his and began intensely making out with him. "Fuuuck, you are such a cute little twink," Mr. Davis told Liam. "Sorry, Justin, I have to see this slut ride my cock now." He pulled out of Justin's ass to Justin's disappointed moan.

Mr. Davis sat on the opposite side of the couch as Chris. I was still sucking Chris's cock. Liam quickly straddled Mr. Davis and impaled himself, then started bouncing up and down on his cock eagerly. Mr. Davis looked over at me, still eagerly sucking Chris's cock while staring at Liam's round butt getting split open. Mr. Davis looked up at Liam. "Your dad's a real cockslut just like you, huh?"

Liam giggled. "He's learning. He's never been fucked though." 

"Mmm," Mr. Davis groaned. He looked over at Justin, who was standing to the side, watching. "Maybe you should teach your boyfriend's dad how to take a cock, Justin."

I pulled my mouth off Chris's cock, a little stunned. I looked back at Justin, who was now staring at my ass lustily. 

"Oh my god, Justin, yes, that's so hot, fuck my dad hard," Liam squealed. 

Without even asking, Justin quickly lubricated his cock with spit and got on his knees behind me. "I dunno..." I began to quietly protest, but Chris quickly grabbed the hair on the back of my head and began fucking my face. 

"Give it to him," Chris ordered Justin.

Suddenly, I felt Justin's cock pressing against my hole. I couldn't believe this was happening. I felt a sharp burst of pain as the head of his cock popped inside me and let out a muffled moan as Chris pushed my head down onto his cock. As Justin slid further into me, I tried to push my head back so that I could beg Justin to stop, but Chris held the back of my head firmly. 

"Fuck yes, your dad's so tight," Justin said gruffly to Liam.

"It's okay, Daddy," I heard Liam tell me as he continued to get fucked. "Once you get used to it you'll learn to love it." 

I couldn't imagine that this was true. I was in so much pain as Justin's cock split me open. My cries were muffled as Chris pumped his cock in and out of my mouth. But then a strange thing started to happen. As Justin slowly slid in and out of me, the pain began to be replaced by a different feeling. When Justin's full length was inside me, he would hit a spot that made my dick twitch. As the pain started to subside, I began moaning lightly on Chris's cock.
