 My name is Darian I am 39 years old, 5'10", with short dirty blonde hair, nice athletic build, and I am a handsome dude, at least I think so. And a lot of other guys think so too. Especially, as I found out, my best friend Dex, who is a Cop thought I was a good catch. I am a bottom 100% gay man. 

I haven't found the right guy yet but have dated a few guys over the past. Most of the time I just play with my toys and watch gay porn movies. I love having a cock up my ass and also am not one of those guys who it only takes 2 minutes to please. I like it over and over again for hours on end. Probably that is why I never found the right guy yet. I also like big cock at least 9 inches or even more. I myself have 7 1/2". 

It's also great to wear costumes such as cop uniforms, army, navy, cowboys, Athletes clothes, also dressing as superheroes, etc. I douche myself everyday twice a day. I like to be clean, and besides you never know when a chance of hot sex may come along. 

My best friend is Dex. He is a cop and a fine looking one too. He is 42 years old, 6', Beautiful brown hair and deep blue erotic eyes, A perfect 10 in body build, a firm tight 6 Pac, and perfect abs. He is a very very handsome man. And he seems to show a nice basket. I wish I could see it for real. I almost drool every time I look at him. We have been friends for over 10 years now. There is only one problem, He is straight or so I thought at the time. 

This Saturday coming up was my 40th birthday and Dex said that we should spend the day together; he had a few surprises for his best buddy, you know have a guy's day. Well of course I accepted I loved being around him, fantasizing about what if, sigh! By the way Dex knew I was gay an dit didn't bother him one bit. He accepted me as I was and treated me like his brother. 

He called me on Saturday Morning around 10am and told me to come on over to his place in the next hour or so. I tumbled out of bed with a semi hard on that I always had first thing in the morning when I awoke. I sauntered to the shower playing with myself on the way and used the facilities. I got out the enema bag and filled it with soupy warm water and proceeded to clean myself out. Then I climbed in the shower and had a good scrub down. I take pride in my smooth skin and rubbed Aloe Vera and cocoa butter all over my body. I always let myself dry naturally so that my skin absorbed the lotions. Once I was dry, I put on my boxers, my favorite snug 501 button denim jeans, a tight white tank top and a my cowboy hat.

Then I pulled on my black leather cowboy boots, I looked in the mirror. Damn I looked hot, at least an 8 or 9. 

I rubbed my hand over my chest and then crotch and gave myself a slap on the ass. I was feeling fantastic. It was going to be a great day; I would be spending it with my best friend. 

I drove over to Dex's who lived a few blocks away. He lived down closer to the beaches that I did, his house looked over the lake. I pulled into his driveway and proceeded up the walk to the front door. As I got there it suddenly opened and there was Dex, wearing a pair of tight button blue jeans, a form fitting white T shirt, and his cop work boots. His basket had that usual large bulge. (The handsome stud!) Holding his arms out, he gave me a big hug and kissed me on the cheek and said a very happy birthday to you my good friend. It lasted a good couple of minutes. All I wanted to do is melt in his arms and let him take me totally. Then he put his arm around my shoulder and led me into the house. We sat down on the couch side by side and he put his hand on my leg and then said to me that he had a day planned for me that I would never forget. We chatted for a few minutes and then he suggested that we go down and have brunch at the little café on the boardwalk by the lake. We had been there a number of times before and it was a great establishment. 

We got up and went down to the boardwalk. Got a couple of seats overlooking the lake and ordered brunch. Although it was early, Dex ordered us a couple of Morning Glories, that's Orange juice and white wine over ice. He justified it by saying it's your birthday and today there is nothing we couldn't and shouldn't do. We sat there for about 45 minutes enjoying each other's company. Having 2 more Morning Glories each. Then we walked along the boardwalk side by side. We were a bit buzzed from the drinks we had. And we were both mellow. Just admiring the view and enjoying each other's company. After about half an hour Dex suggested that we go back to his place and go for a dip in the pool then maybe watch a movie or two. That sounded great to me, so we turned around and proceeded back to his place. 

He went up the stairs to the front door in front of me I glanced down at his butt. God he was well shaped, he was a perfect man stud. When he reached the entrance he opened it and then said to me, you know Darian I went shopping last night and got a few things for our day together. But you will have to wait for a while and I will surprise you later with them. We went inside and Dex told me he would get us a couple of swim suits and towels and then we could take a dip in the pool. He went to his bedroom and came back a moment later with two blue swimsuits, the bikini style. He tossed one to me and then right in front of me proceeded to strip down to the nude. I almost fainted with shock; I had never seen him nude before. His big cock hung down his leg. It was at least 6 inches soft. Wow, He pulled his swimsuit on and God he looked wonderful. I hoped that I didn't get a hard on just looking. I then stripped as well and quickly pulled my suit on too. 

Then Dex walked towards me and again put his arm around my shoulder and gave me a slight hug. He steered me to the back door and the pool. While we stood beside the pool, he started to chuckle and then gave me a shove into the pool and jumped in beside me. Then we started a splash fight. We were having great fun laughing and playing. We were in the pool for about half an hour and then we climbed out. Went and lay down on our towels to dry. Then Dex asked if I would like to have a drink. I said yes. He got up and sauntered into the house in that sexy manly way he had. Damn I wish I could have him. 

A few moments later he came out of the house with a couple of large glasses. I glanced at his crotch, was it my imagination or was it bigger than before. He came to me and handed me a drink. I took a sip. Wow that was a strong one. Dex laughed and said that he made them extra special so we could have a good time. We lay there sipping our drinks and chatting about this that and the other thing. Then he pulled out a thick joint. He sparked it up and took a toke then handed it to me. I imitated him and inhaled deeply.

Ya I know, he is a Cop but he still uses recreational drugs. We lay there together laughing and having a good time. In about half an hour we finished the drinks and the joint. We were feeling quite good by this time. Dex put his hand on my shoulder and suggested that we go into the house and relax watching a movie or two. He stood up and pulled me up too. Then arm in arm went into the house. Dex said he was going to have a shower to get the chlorine from the pool off him. He went to the washroom and was gone about fifteen minutes. 

I went to the bar and made us another couple of stiff drinks. Then walked over to the couch and sat down waiting for the stud to come out of the bathroom. When he was done, he came out in his house robe hanging open and his cock dangling free. He had a big smile on his face and said that felt good. He then asked if I wanted a shower too, I did. I drank half my drink and then proceeded to the bathing room. While I was in there I thought I would check if Ii was still clean, so I put some lotion on my fingers and stuck a couple of them up my ass and felt around. I was perfectly clean. I stepped into the shower soaped up and lubed up my hand with soap and again put a couple of fingers up my asshole. I played around and imagined that Dex was doing it to me. I didn't want to be too long so I stopped and dried. I put on the robe Darian had left me. Leaving it open like Dex did I went into the living room. Darian was sitting on the couch with his legs spread in a manly way, his cock hanging free. He was sipping his drink and rolling another joint. He sees me and gestured me over to him and patted the seat beside him. 

"Come sit beside me my friend" he said. 

I eagerly went over to the couch and plopped down beside him. 

He hugged me and said in his hot and sexy man voice," You know Darian you are my best friend and I really Love you. You are the best. You have always been there for me and I appreciate that."

Then he hands me my refilled drink and toasts me. We toasted each other. And gulp our drinks. Dex sparked up the joint he had rolled and took a long deep pull of it. The handed it to me and I duplicated his action. 

Dex suggested that we watch a movie now; he had picked one he knew that I would enjoy. I reached for the remote and turned on the big screen TV, turned on the DVD player and pressed start. The movie was already running and was at the beginning. Just like us there were two good-looking guys sitting on a couch talking. Then one of them put his hand on the other guy's crotch and started stroking it. Their mouths met and started to kiss. I was shocked, what was this, it was a gay movie. 

I quickly looked over at Dex and he had this huge smile on his face. Then to my amazement he leaned into me wrapped his arms around me and started to French kiss me. His tongue went deep into my mouth and his hand went to my cock and he squeezed it. 

He kissed me for a minute or so and then he leaned back and spoke to me. "Darian," he said, "You know I am straight, but I Love you not only as a friend but as someone that I think I want to make Love to. I have decided that I want to possess you in every way possible. I want to give you what I know you have always wanted since we met. I have seen the way you look at me sometimes and know you are longing. to have me. Now for your birthday I want to give you me. I told you that this was going to be the best day of your life and it is."

He then grabbed me a gain and kissed me with great passion. I melted in his arms and eagerly received him. Then he stood up and lifted me up in his arms and carried me to his bedroom. Placed me on the bed and lay down beside me. He wrapped himself around me and started to make love to me. Then he rolled off me onto my back, his cock was rock hard and standing straight up. I asked him to stand before me and then I reached for the bottle of poppers. I took two good big long sniffs of poppers. One in each nostrel. Then I kneeled down to Dex's cock and put his huge quivering head in my mouth as I was looked up into his dreamy eyes. 

And then I started to go down on him. 

He was a good two and a half inches in diameter and his cock had lengthened to 10+ inches. My head was spinning with the excitement of swallowing his tool as the rush of the poppers went to my head. 

I let his massive cock glide steadily into my mouth, inch by inch. Deeper and deeper. Dex let out a low growl that sounded like an animal. He closed his eyes and tilted his head back. 

I was looking up at his wondrous body as a swallowed the length of him. I didn't stop until his balls were against my chin. Then I slowly pulled my mouth off of his cock to the tip. 

He was making low moaning growling sounds. 

I knew I was pleasing this stud. With my mouth posed at the tip of his cock, I took another couple of quick sniffs of poppers. 

Dex opened his eyes and looked down at me with his penetrating mesmerizing eyes. 

While he was looking down at me and I still was looking up at him. I did what I do best. With much more force and speed I went all the way down on him. My hands were on his butt and I pulled him into my mouth and his balls banged against my chin. He let out a howl, like a wolf and I started to piston suck his rock hard stud cock. Faster and faster, harder and harder. I just couldn't get enough. He was breathing heavy and making little thrust motions with his hips as I blew him. 

I heard a deep moan building up in him and as he let it out and it slowly developed into a howl. 

Then he yelled, "Oh, fuck I'm Cumming. I'm gonna blow my load. "

I increased the momentum of sucking his pleasure tool and then he quivered and I felt his whitewash filling my throat. I breathed deeply through my nose, then held my breath and took his entire length inside of my mouth and held that position. 

He was howling and shooting his load deep inside of me. He just kept Cumming and Cumming. I was almost drowning, but the pleasure of it kept me wanting more. I was going to show this stud, my best friend stud that I had what it takes to please a real man. Those great big balls of his were emptying their entire contents into my eager throat and mouth. There was so much that some of it was dribbling down my chin. Finally the pulsating stopped and he was making pleasure whimpering noises. He pulled his cock out of my mouth and with firm strong hands lifted me up off of my knees. 

He was a little bit taller than me but only by an inch or so. Then he licked his cum off of my chin and brought his tongue to my mouth and parted my lips and he tongue wrestled with me. 

He gave me the most passionate French kiss that I had ever had. His arms wrapped around me as he hugged me tightly. Grinding his hips against mine. I hadn't noticed before but I felt a bit wet in the crotch area and realized that I had also cum. And without even touching my cock. I had been in so much ecstasy I hadn't realized.

Dex Held me close and whispered in my ear that he was going to give me more. He said he was going to fuck my ass good and hard giving me what I wanted. He then opened up the double closet door but it turned out to be not a closet but was a small 10' by 10 'room. There were all kinds of costumes hanging on the wall and in the middle was a leather sling all set up to use. Dex laughed and told me that he had said that he had gone shopping last night and had a few surprises for me. His cop uniform was there as well and he went to it and started to put it on telling me he knew that I especially liked him in his uniform. Then he told me to put anything on that I wanted. 

I put on a leather harness, a studded leather armband, Suede leather chaps, two leather gauntlets, and an arm band and Cowboy boots. I looked at him, Oh my god he was magnificent. Every gay man's fantasy. He strutted over to me and lifted me up and placed me in the sling. Then he put my legs in the holders and my ass was exposed for him to use. 

Then with my ass spread wide. He dipped a finger into the jar of lubricant and pulled out a large dollop, he put his finger against my asshole and started to lube it up. He stuck the finger into my ass and I quivered. My ass was eager. He reached into the drawer of a dresser beside us and took out some poppers and handed them to me. 

I took a few deep sniffs and then he started to massage the inside of my hole. I moaned in ecstasy. He inserted his finger right into my ass all the way. It felt marvelous. Then he pulled out his finger and pushed it back in again and again.

Then he pulled out and put two fingers in. When they were totally in, he spread them a bit and twirled them around inside of me. He was pulling them out and twirling them in. I was moaning in pleasure the whole time. Dex took out his two fingers. Dex then reached into the drawer again and pulled out a huge dildo that was as big as his cock. He showed it to me, and I nodded to him. I wanted him to do whatever he wanted to do to me. I craved him. He lubed up the dildo and placed it against the crack of my ass and I took a couple of big sniffs of poppers and then he pushed it slowly into mu eager ass. 

It slipped in inch by inch until it was all the way in. He then pulled it almost all the way out. Then rammed it in. Over and over. Again and again. He continued to work my ass with that dildo, and I was quivering with pleasure. I had never felt like this before. I watched his magnificent face as he worked my ass. He was like a God; I had never before loved anyone as much as I did him at this moment. I was his totally and completely. I would do anything for him. I just wanted to please him and be his for eternity. He then pulled out the dildo. I wanted him. I needed him. 

I looked into his blue eyes relishing in the way he looked in his cop uniform, and said pleadingly with immense gusto, "Please Dex, don't make me wait any longer, please I beg of you, please fuck me now with that big cock of yours. Please!"

Without taking his eyes off of me he pulled the dildo out of my ass then reaching into the drawer in the table and took out a metal cock ring. 

He put it on over his cock and around his balls. His cock was rock hard. He lubed it up with some KY making it all nice and slick and shiny and slippery

Dex reached over and grabbed the bottle of poppers and handed them to me. I took a few big deep sniffs, while I continuously looked into his eyes. Then he placed his cock against my ass and started to push.

I moaned loudly. Yes this is what I was waiting for. Slowly Dex penetrated me. Pushing in deeper and deeper. He didn't stop until he was completely inside of me. His huge balls lying against the cheeks of my ass. For a few moments he just held his cock there without moving. Enjoying the feeling of being deep inside his new mate. I felt like we were joined. Nothing could be better. 

Then Dex slowly withdrew to the very tip of his cock and with quick speed and a great thrust, rammed it to the hilt. 

There was nothing but pleasure and I moaned loudly to show him, I wanted him, every inch. My body was quivering and shaking as Dex rode me. All I wanted was to please this stud, my stud. To be his fuck toy. He had his hands on the chains of the sling now and was pulling me into him. Faster and faster. Pleasure, upon pleasure upon pleasure. 

He was piston fucking me. Ramming me hard and deep with all of his might. His balls banging hard and making slapping noises against my ass cheeks. I just wanted more and more of him. All of him. I wanted him completely inside of me. Let us join and be one. He was fucking me so hard that all you could hear was a loud slapping noise as his body hit mine. And we were both moaning with extreme pleasure. He kept plowing my eager hole. I never wanted him to stop. I had such a high, it was indescribable. 

He was looking down into my eyes and I up into his. I could feel his spent up love pouring into me. And mine back into him. 

He went right to the hilt and all the while was looking deep into my eyes. I was floating. Then like an animal in heat, he withdrew all the way. My ass stayed open and he thrust forward and his rod found my hole and entered again. Deep down inside of me and his balls made a loud slapping noise on my ass cheeks. He pulled all the way out again and thrust in. He was building up rhythm. I had never been fucked like this before. I felt like I was out of my body. Floating in Heaven. He built up speed and power more and more speed and power.

I thought he would fuck my brains out. I could feel his very essence. 

His cock was hot, very hot, almost burning. My ass was boiling. We were both sweating bullets. He was dripping his hot sweat all over me as he used my ass brutally. Each drop of sweat brought new added pleasure to me as it landed on my body. 

My cock was so hard, ever time Dex thrust and pulled me onto his Man cock, my cock would bang hard against my abs. It almost hurt it was so rock hard. I was ready to explode. I tightened my ass cheeks around his thrusting member. Then he let out an animal roar, He was coming. I felt his hot jism deep in my bowels, filling me full. I could almost taste it. My ass felt so good. 
