 Nicole and I used to wait tables together when we were in college and we did a good job of remaining friends thereafter. We'd go out once a month or so with her crazy girlfriends to a karaoke night downtown. She was a party girl in college and she showed no signs of slowing down in her thirties.

It was at karaoke night that she introduced me to Dustin, her latest boyfriend.

"Hey, Nicole told me a lot about you," he said, shaking my hand. He had a nice smile, a shaved head and a killer body, his t-shirt and pants filled out with rounded, smooth muscles. We made small talk before I headed off to sing "White Wedding." When I was done, Nicole pulled me off to the side.

"He's in fucking med school," she said, wide eyed.

"Seems younger."

"Twenty fucking five," she said. "Score of the century, Daniel."

"He smells great too," I said. Nicole slurped down the dregs of her gin and tonic and reached for the fresh one on the table.

"His body..." she said, leaning into me and spilling a little of her drink on the floor. She bunched her fingertips and kissed them off. "Not an ounce of body fat on him, totally smooth, you could lick him head to toe like a fucking ice cream cone. And I do, Daniel, believe me, I do."

We looked at him across the room, ordering us another round at the bar. "Great ass," I said, admiring the plumped-out rear of his shorts.

"Grabbing on to that thing, all muscled...and his cock - it's not the biggest one I've ever seen, but it is by far the nicest. It's fat, you know? It's like the cardboard tube inside a roll of toilet paper. Uncut...oh my god, we have to stop talking about this!"

"Sweet jesus," I said, nursing the mental image. Just then he turned and saw us staring at him. "He totally knows we're talking about him."

"I am gonna fuck the life out of that boy tonight," Nicole said, licking her lips. Dustin blushed adorably and looked down at the bar, and Nicole and I laughed like the horny little beasts we are.

Over the next few months I got to know Dustin and, pleasingly, found that I had a genuine connection with the guy. He had a laid-back intelligence that resulted in deep philosophical conversations, or at least as deep as you can get when you're drunk at the bar. Karaoke nights often resulted in the two of us off by ourselves, shooting the shit while Nicole and the girls did their best Journey and Alanis homages.

Time went by, and it shocked me to realize one night that the two of them had been dating for eight months - a record for Nicole, as far as I knew. That was the night that a group of fratty-looking guys joined us. One of them was dating Nicole's friend Jen. They were friendly. Dustin was in a mood, though, and wasn't interacting with us that much.

"I need to tell you something, it's just between us though," Nicole said about fifteen minutes before the bar closed. She pulled me in front of the ladies' room. "Did you meet Mike?" she said, motioning toward the fratty dudes.

"Is he the dark-haired one?"

"Yeah," she said, sucking on a cigarette. I'd known Nicole too long not to know where this was going.

"Don't tell me you want to fuck him."

"Goddammit, Daniel. I have been fucking him. For like the past three weeks." I wasn't good at hiding my disappointment. "C'mon, don't judge me."

"I'm sorry. I just...I like Dustin. I was hoping...I don't know.

"I know," she said. "I know." She looked up at the ceiling. "He - Dustin - he wants to get married."

"Oh man."

"It's a total fucking mess. I'm a total fucking mess."

The next day Nicole and I met for lunch. That's when I found out she wasn't just fucking Mike - she was fucking Tom, Dick and Harry too, on a commitment fear-based rampage. "I have to tell Dustin. Don't I?

"You should, but that's easy for me to say."

"I can't do it," she said, maniacally poking a fork into her shrimp salad. "I don't know what I'm gonna fucking do, I can't do it."

Next month Dustin showed up to karaoke after Nicole and I had arrived. There was clearly some tension between them, but Dustin was cool with me.

"Got a boyfriend?" he asked, relaxing against the back of the booth. He was wearing a tank top and his shoulders were looking delectable.

"Not for a year," I said. "Men are such bitches. I can't find anybody real." He looked off to the side to where Nicole was leafing through the karaoke book.

"Realness is in short supply these days," he said, and tipped back his beer.

Dustin ordered us a bunch of shots, and when it came time I realized I wasn't able to drive home. Nicole said I could crash at her place, so when the bar closed we walked the few blocks to her apartment. Dustin was with us, and the silence between them was icy.

"You need a blanket? Anything else?" Nicole slurred once we got there. "I'm good," I said, fluffing the couch pillow. "I'm just gonna pass out for a few hours, I'll probably take off before you wake up." She bid me goodnight and joined Dustin in her bedroom.

I awoke sometime later to someone snapping on the kitchen light, then cracking open a can of beer. I turned around and saw Dustin leaning against the oven, wearing pajama pants and nothing else.

"Go back to sleep man. Sorry I woke you up."

"It's cool," I said. My hangover was already kicking in. "I need water," I said. "What time is it?"

"Five something," Dustin said. He handed me a glass of water and laid down on the love seat opposite the couch.

"Thanks," I said, sitting up to drink it. "Nicole sleeping?" Dustin gulped his beer then rested the can on his sculpted chest.

"She took off," he said. "We had a fight."

"Shit," I said. "I guess I slept through it. That's too bad." He shrugged.

"She's probably off fucking Mike. Or anybody, really." I didn't say anything. "It's cool man, I know you know." I took a moment to process this.

"Does she know you know?"

"Probably." He turned to me. "I could give a shit either way." We drank our drinks. I listened to the creak and hum of the apartment. "She admitted to fucking Mike but I know there's more."

"I'm sorry man."

"Not your fault, you're just being a good friend."

"I wish it were different."

"I know you do," he said. He rested his left hand on his abs. "I should just leave her, right?" I nodded. "And in the meantime, fuck whoever I want."

"Seems fair," I said.

"Find some willing chick." He took a gulp of beer and ah'd. "Or a dude for that matter." My heart quickened at that. "You ever had sex with a girl?" he asked.

"Yeah. Not since high school."

"Funny how that works - all the straight guys I know who've experimented with guys did it in college. But all the gay guys I know who've messed around with girls did it in high school."

"And probably never did it again," I added.

"You wouldn't?" he said.

"Probably not, but I wouldn't rule it out."

"Me either," he said. He took a last drink and set the can on the carpet where it fell on its side. Then he crossed his arms over his chest and closed his eyes. I finished my water, watching him as his breathing slowed. Then I turned off the kitchen light and crashed.

I don't know how long I slept but when I woke up there was watery light filtering through the blinds. Dustin was on the love seat, still, but he was lying on his stomach. And he was bare-ass naked.

I had a morning boner. I pissed in the bathroom and Dustin was still there when I got back, his head nestled in his folded arms, his broad strong back and perfect pert smooth ass on display.

I looked out the window - Nicole's car wasn't on the street. Dustin shifted and when I turned back he'd let his left foot rest on the floor, parting his legs. Even in the dim light I could tell he was hairless all over.

I put my hand on his warm shoulder. He didn't stir, so I moved it down his rippling back. My heart was pounding, I scarcely knew what I was doing. Dustin shifted his hips, nestling his other leg deep into the cushion crack, his head deeper into his arms. I felt down the small of his back, the whisper-soft sound of smooth skin against skin as I felt his firm ass cheeks, cupping one in my palm.

I went to the bottom of the couch and felt his athletic legs from his feet to his upper thighs. Dustin was breathing more heavily now and clearly awake. I massaged him with both hands, feeling up the sides of his torso to his tight stomach, rounded pecs and erect nipples.

I felt the back of his arms then his forearms and Dustin took my hands in his and drew my arms around him tightly. I rested my body on top of his and held him, my clothed body pressed tight to his muscular nude body. My face was nestled in his neck, I kissed him there lightly. He turned his head and his lips met mine. We made out, his tongue writhing in my mouth, our desire quickening as our bodies ground together, his ass meeting my firm thrusts.

I lifted my torso, my hands sinking into the cushion. I licked the back of his head, dragging my tongue down his neck and along the depression of his spine. Backing up I slid my tongue down the small of his back and to the top of his ass crack. He raised his ass up in anticipation. I took my time, teasing around his muscle butt.

He whimpered a little. There wasn't a hair on this guy and I thought of what Nicole had said about an ice cream cone, it was true, his skin was so smooth and rich. I worked my tongue up from his thighs and deep into his ass crack where I rested it against his tight hole. He groaned. I pressed my tongue against the tight ring of muscle until it loosened and I slid my tongue inside.

Dustin got more vocal as I ate him out, moaning and grunting his approval. I reached under him and took his hard cock in my hand, it was heavy and had a thick cover of foreskin around the head. I skinned that back, stroking him as I worked on his ass.

I tongued his taint and balls then slipped my head underneath his crotch and sucked his cock, keeping a thumb on his hole. It really was an amazing cock. Dustin got into fucking my mouth, backing up far enough so that my thumb popped right into his hole. He gasped, some pre cum leaked out of his cock and I swallowed it down.

He got up then and started taking off my clothes. He looked into my eyes as he lifted off my shirt, smiling, then going in for a deep kiss. It was sort of a relief that he could look at me and be okay. Once I was naked we stood together, grinding our bodies as we made out, our hard ons sliding against one another.

"Let's go to the bedroom," he whispered in my ear. I was grabbing his ass, pulling him closer, inching my fingers toward his hole.

"What if Nicole comes back?"

"She won't, she does this all the time. Besides if she does, I locked her out," he said with a wicked grin.

I followed his flexing ass to the bedroom. He procured a condom from the nightstand and flopped on to his stomach. "I don't have any lube so you'll have to get me really slick," he said.

I did what I could, eating him out for a long time. Dustin couldn't get enough of it, he was all ass, and I wondered if Nicole had discovered this side of him. I couldn't believe I was going to get to fuck this perfect piece of straight-boy tail, but I didn't question it either. Dustin seemed to know exactly what he was doing and was ripe and ready. I rolled the rubber over my cock and slicked it up with as much spit as I could muster. Dustin was so wet and relaxed that it worked out fine; I rested my cock head against his hole and he backed up on to it. I waited a moment for him to adjust but he just backed up more until my whole dick was inside him.

I laid my body on to his and held him, our arms wrapped together around his chest as I began to fuck him. We made out some, our breath short as I banged his perfect ass and he met every thrust. I felt utterly connected with him, totally in tune. I got him on all fours and fucked him from behind, the heavy whack of his hard-on as it slapped against his drum-like stomach had to be heard to be believed. I flipped him on his back and did him missionary style, his legs on my shoulders, my hands all over that body. "Fuck me," he panted, a dreamy look in his eyes. I jacked his big dick.

"I'm gonna cum," he said. He rolled his eyes back and his asshole tightened around my thrusting cock. He gasped for breath as a big jet of cum shot up out of his cock and landed on the pillow next to his face. "Oh fuck oh fuck," he cried as another and another followed, girthy ropes of cum that landed on his face and chest.

"I'm gonna shoot in you, man," I said. He nodded and I let it loose, inside this straight boy's butt, feeling like my soul was pouring out of me, a real hell of a load that shot into the condom.

I slid out and chucked the rubber on the floor, then I collapsed next to Dustin, the two of us heaving for breath. Before I had time to wonder what was going to happen next he pulled me to him and we spooned, my softening cock resting against his well-used ass, our flushed bodies pressed close.

"Well," I said.

"I'd be lying if I didn't say I was waiting for that happen," he said.

"You're kidding."

"I've got a touch of the bi. Well, maybe more than a touch. Truth be told, I've been attracted to you since the day we met."

I held him, a bit dumbfounded. I knew there was going to be a knock at the door from Nicole, sooner or later, figurative or literal, but I felt too good to let go of him just yet.

Thanks for reading! Check out my website for more free stories, the link is in my profile. :)