 April 2000. It was the end of senior year. We were all 18, about to graduate, about a month left of school. I was one of those guys that was kinda cool with everyone. I was a skinny Korean kid with ear length hair, combed down the middle, kinda toned, some muscle. I had a few girlfriends through high school but stuck to the books most of it. Kissed and went on dates but I was too nice of a guy to go any further. Even though everyone knew me, I really only hung out with my boy Ray.

Ray was a jock. He was 5'10, easily 225 pounds of muscle. He was half Korean and half Mexican. He had short black hair, a nice bronze tan, and the ladies loved him. He was a running back during football season and played rugby during the summers. Although he hung out with the other athletes, he always found time to hang out with me. His mom and my mom were best friends, and we grew up together. We lived in the same neighborhood and were always together growing up. 

One day in the spring before graduation, we were over at my house after school. It was just me and him; this was typical after school. Ray pulled out some VHS tapes from his bag and put one in my VCR. He told me to just sit back and watch. Within a few minutes I realized it was a porno. I felt a little embarrassed. The most I had seen at this point was a glimpse of some Playboy magazines in the gym locker room at school. The video was five guys gang banging a hot blonde. Ray was really into the video. Trying to fit in, I watched along. I looked over and saw something extending down the inner part of Ray's gym shorts. Then I realized that it was his cock. I saw the tip extend out the bottom of the shorts he was wearing. I quickly looked away. I realized I was hard as well. I told Ray I'd be right back and I went to the bathroom. 

I was hard as a rock. I didn't want to go back into my room with an erection. I pulled my pants down and started jacking off over the toilet. Initially I thought about the hot blonde getting banged in the video, but then my thought imagined Ray's hard cock. I started imagining him jacking it off. I suddenly came faster than I ever had. I tried to aim downward but my cum splashed on the seat and hit my legs and my shorts. It felt so good I just kept jacking off, making a mess. After it was over, I went to get some toilet paper to clean it up and there was none. I panicked and used my shorts to clean up my cum. I put my shorts in the hamper and then got in the shower. 

After the shower, I wrapped myself in my towel and walked into my room. Ray, still watching the flick, looked over and said, "Where the fuck have you been? Why'd you take a shower?" I replied, "Just felt like it." I went over to my dresser to get my underwear and felt a hard yank of the towel. Ray, in a prank, pulled my towel off me. I quickly cover my manhood and Ray laughed.

"I knew you had a small dick!" Ray exclaimed laughing. My dick was about 4 inches hard, but at that moment, I was flaccid so it was less than an inch. Embarrassed, I countered with "Whatever man, yours is probably smaller than mine." 

Ray stopped laughing and stood up. In a swift movement, he dropped his gym shorts to reveal his thick, veiny 8 inch cock and pair of hail sized balls hanging low. My eyes were glued to his massive cock. "Like what you see don't you?" Ray said arrogantly. I couldn't reply. My dick started to get hard, despite having just came a little while ago. Ray saw my erection growing. 

"So you do like what you see... I knew you were a faggot." Ray said. But was I? I like girls. I just couldn't help by look at this huge cock before me. Ray took my hand and put it on his throbbing cock. It was warm, pulsing, and hard. He moaned and said, "jack it off". Without thought, I started pulling on his cock. He moaned more as I tugged on it. Ray took his tank top off and then put his right hand on the top of my head. "Get on your knees, bitch" he demanded. I wanted to resist but I obeyed.  

There I was. In the middle of my own bedroom, on my knees, eye level with the massive cock on my best friend. I could smell the scent of his pubic hairs that were a nice bush around the base of his cock. "Open up, no teeth" he commanded. I opened my mouth, he put both of his hands on the back of my head, and pulled my head toward his pelvis. The thick head of his cock slid across my tongue and went straight to the back of my throat. Ray let out a long moan. He pulled my head back slowly. I felt his hard cock exit my mouth. Then he pushed it back in. He did this three or four times and then he did a forcefully ram. 

I could feel the mushroom head of his member in the center of my throat. His pubic hairs were in my nose. I couldn't breathe. I realized that I had all 8 inches in my mouth. Then he pulled it out. "God damn, your throat is better than any bitch that I've ever had", he said. "Jack me off and suck on just my head", he commanded. So I did. He moaned and moaned. My heart was race and my cock was so hard I could feel it wanting to cum again. 

"You are such a good fucking cocksucker." he said as I continued to blow him while jacking him off. Then I tasted a light salty sensation. His moans got louder. "Oh shit!! You are going to make me cum..." I kept sucking and jacking. He started to get louder. "Oh my ... Oh my God... I'm going to cum... Don't fucking stop!!" I felt his cock start pulsing. Then he yelled, grabbing the back of my head with both hands and jamming his cock far into my throat. I felt a heart rate like pulse in my mouth, followed by a spraying in my throat. Ray let out a long moan as the salty and tangy flavor caused me to gag. He removed his cock and promptly said "Swallow! Don't let any of it fucking hit the floor!" So I did. I gave a hard gulp and swallowed his cum. 

I stayed on my knees. Ray went to get his shorts and looked down at me and laughed. "Looks like you really enjoyed that!!" I looked down and saw that I had came all over myself as well. "Go take another shower before you mom gets here."

I got up and headed back into the shower. I realized what I had just done... and enjoyed. This would be the beginning of something that would change me forever... To be continued.