 I took a long shower. All I could think of was the blowjob I had just given. It was my first sexual experience. I found myself hard again and started jacking off. Ray's moaning kept echoing in my head as the vision of his chiseled abs moving forward and backward, the smell of his massive cock, and the taste of his tangy cum kept replaying in my head. I orgasmed again but I had already emptied my load earlier. I got out the shower and realized my towel was still in the bedroom. If I went in, would Ray make me suck his cock again? Excited, I walked across the house naked and into my room. 

Ray had put up the pornos and was playing a video game. "Put some fucking clothes on before your mom gets back," he exclaimed. I got some shorts and a tank top on then sat next to him on the futon in my room. "What happened is between you and me. Got it?" he demanded. I nodded. The evening went on as normal-video games, dinner, TV. As night came, Ray decided he would stay over. This was normal too. We commonly stayed over at each other's houses.

I laid in bed for a while. For the past 9 hours of the day, I kept thinking of sucking Ray's dick. I couldn't stop thinking about it. I found myself jacking off again. I heard movement, the springs on the futon, so I turned to look over. I felt a cock go in my mouth followed by Ray moaning. "Keep quiet, bitch. I know you want it," he whispered. I did. Ray went from standing by the side of my bed to straddling my chest. He hovered over me and started thrusting hard, fucking my mouth. "Your mouth is wetter than pussy," he said with a light moan. His cock was choking me, his balls were slapping against my chin, and I could taste the precum. "Oh my... I'm going to fucking..." he exclaimed in a whisper as he grabbed the wall with a final thrust. His cock pulsed as I got my reward. His cum blasted down my throat as tears leaked from my eyes due to the gagging from his cock. After several pulses, he withdrew his cock and got off the bed. "Get some rest, bitch. This is your life from now on."

And it was. Over the next couple of weeks, at my house after school, at his house after school, over night, in the car at the gas station before school, in the bathroom during classes, I was his cocksucker on demand. He had an insane sex drive, and so did I. I craved his cock. 

During one cock sucking session, with a porno playing, Ray laying on my bed with me on my knees on the floor, he pulled me up by my hair. He got up and got behind me. "It's time that you truly become my bitch," he said with a laugh. He pulled my shorts down and push my upper body down across the bed. He pushed my lower back down and pulled my inner pelvis up, arching my ass out. He slapped my ass saying "Wow, you look like a bitch from the back!"

I knew was coming next. I couldn't help but shake in nervousness. I saw him reach over and get something out of his bag. I squeezing noise and then rubbing. I looked back and Ray had covered his cock in lotion. "Face down, bitch! Don't move!" he commanded. I felt the head of his dick touch my virgin asshole. The coldness of the lotion tickled my closed hole. He spread my cheeks open and then he entered me. I saw flashes of red as I yelled. It felt like a tearing and stinging. I screamed and started to cry. I felt Ray's pelvis and legs resting against my ass. He laughed as he just let his cock sit inside my torn ass. "Damn. You sound like a bitch too!" he taunted. Ray then removed his cock all the way and then shoved it back it. He repeated this several times. It was the most pain I had ever felt. "Quit all that God damn crying! You know you love my cock," he said as he pumped my ass. Then he smacked my ass, got a hard grip on my hips, and started thrusting hard. The pain stopped. 

It felt good. It felt like someone was jacking me off from the inside. I moaned as I felt his chiseled hips pounding against my ass, his majestic balls smacking against mine, his right manly grip around my waist. "There you go! I knew the bitch would come out of you!" And it was. I moaned. My cock was rock hard. I wanted to grab it and jack it off.I went to move my arm and Ray slapped my ass hard. "Hands forward bitch!" He was pounding me. I loved it. I never wanted it to end.

Then he started moaning louder. "Yeah, you fucking slut... Damn, your ass is so tight!" He went from a grip on my hips to grabbing my ass roughly. "You're my bitch and you'll be mine forever." He started pounding me faster. I was in ecstasy. I started yelling uncontrollably. Then I felt it. I busted and came on the sheets under me. My ass tightened from my orgasm and Ray started moaning loud. "Oh fuck! I'm going to cum!!" He grab the back of my hair with one hand, my shoulder with the other, and gave a hard pound. I felt his hard cock throb in my ass as he unloaded. It lasted for almost a minute. Then he pulled out. 

He grabbed me by the hair and pulled me to my knees. "Lick it clean," he commanded as he pointed as his cum covered cock. I did as I was told and licked his cock clean. He saw the cum on the sheet from my orgasm. "Lick that shit up too!" I turned and he forced my face into my own cum. He laughed as I lift my face from it. It was slimy and covered my nose and mouth. 

"Damn, you are a fucking slut... Best ass I've ever had." I obeyed and licked my own cum up. I stood up and he ordered, "Go take a shower but don't clean my cum. Let it stay there. You are mine... I am marking my territory." I walked away as he slapped my ass laughing. 

As I walked it felt like there was a void. My ass was aching but like there was something missing. His cock was missing. It was missing from my ass... Or "his" ass since he now owned me... To be continued.