 Graduation was Saturday. While every one was planning what party they were going to, I was thinking of one thing-Ray's cock. He was fucking me everyday at this point. I would blow him in the morning, and he would fuck me after school. It was routine. My ass was always lubed from his dried cum. I had converted to a liquid diet so I keep lean and only have to piss. I grew my hair out a little longer per Ray's request. He liked me to wear it in pigtails when I blew him and a ponytail when he fucked me. 

It was Friday, the day before graduation. I was at home, waiting for Ray to call me. The phone rang. "Hey Jay... I need you to come over. Gym shorts, no underwear. Tanktop," Ray told me. I agreed, changed as he directed and started down the street toward his house. I had butterflies in my stomach, as I usually did. I walked into his house and into the living room. There was Ray and Frank.

Frank was a black guy that played football and basketball. He was about 6'3" 250 pounds, pure muscle. I had did his homework a few times my junior year and he was always cool with me. I was confused of why he was there.

"So, it's going to be different today, Jay," Ray said as he took his shirt off. "I am so proud that you're my bitch and that your head game is so good... My boy Frank wants some." I gulped. He told Frank? Frank smiled as he pulled off his basketball jersey, sat on the couch, and grabbed his crotch through his shorts. 

Ray walked over to me and whispered in my ear, "Get those clothes off right now, bitch". I pulled my tank top off and hesitated on my shorts. Ray grabbed the back of my shorts and yanked them down. Frank laughed, "Damn, his dick is so small. He must be part bitch." Ray grabbed me by the back of head, pulled me over to Frank, and forced me to my knees.

"Pull his shorts down with you teeth, no hands," Ray commanded. I obeyed. I managed to get the top of Frank's gym shorts with my teeth and pulled down. Frank lifted his body up some to help. As I got his shorts past his waist, his cock was revealed. It was semi erect, at least 8 inches. He was nice, purple, and perfectly shaped. Frank must have shaved his pubic hair because he was smooth.

"Go ahead, slut... Do what you do best," Ray commanded. I took Frank's black anaconda with my hand, jacked it for a moment and then started sucking it. Frank moaned. After ten seconds or so, it grew and was much harder. It had to be at least 10 inches. Frank put his hand on my hair and let out an "Oh shit!" I was loving his cock. Frank was not forceful at all. He was easy and smooth. 

After a few minutes of blowing him, on my knees, bent over into Frank on the couch, I felt a pair of hands grab my ass and spread my cheeks. "Time to get this party started," I heard Ray proclaim. Ray slid his cock into my ass and slapped it. This was heaven. Ray's cock hit my prostate over and over again while Frank's moans and huge cock keep me turned on. "Damn, Ray, wait until the other guys hear about this..." Frank said. What other guys? What was he talking about?

Ray gave a hard thrust and then pounded me hard. "Yeah, bitch... Yeah. I'm going to cum... Oh shit...", Ray moaned. Frank started moaning loudly, "Oh fuck. I'm about to cum..." Ray yelled, "Swallow his cum, your whore! Oh ... Shit!!" With that last yell, Ray gave a deep thrust and held it. I could feel his cock deep inside me unloading. At the same time Frank held my head down and I tasted a sweet, sour pineapple flavor as Frank's cum filled my mouth. It was too much as it started to over flow from my mouth. I tried to swallow it but it was too much. I gagged and swallowed with cum leaking down my face. 

Ray pulled out and as did Frank. "Damn, Ray, your bitch is a real freak. He just took a weeks worth of my nut," Frank said. Ray laughed, "Yeah, my bitch loves cum. It's natural for him. I think he's ready for tomorrow." I wiped my face with my hands, licking the cum from them, as Ray had taught me. 

Tomorrow? Graduation? What are they talking about? I would find out soon enough... To be continued...