 By the time I was thirty, I’d fantasized about having sex with another man for a few years but had never done anything about it. Too be honest, I was neither eager nor reluctant to try it, I was happy with the women in my life and figured if something happened with another guy, it would happen. I never thought it would happen with my best friend!

John and I had known each other since we were boys. We met in the fourth grade and were bosom pals all through school. We went our separate ways for college but, unlike many cases of childhood friendship, we stayed in contact and met from time to time, filling in the space between with letters and telephone calls. I was best man at his wedding and godfather to his first kid. His wife and I got along well, and I hoped to be as happy as he was if I ever got married.

Nowadays, we live in different cities, about three hundred miles apart. I’d visited John a couple of times and now he was coming to see me. I’d invited him to stay at my place to save on expenses, and he thought that would be great. There was only the one bedroom (and one bed) but neither of us thought of each other in a sexual way, so it would be like an old sit-com, with the two main characters having to live (or in this case, sleep) with the inconvenience!

When John arrived for the weekend, it was great to see him. He hadn’t changed since I’d visited him the previous year. The same age as me, he was about my height (an even six feet), stocky, with a few more pounds than he wanted, short but thick blond hair and blue eyes. Even if I were gay, I wouldn’t have thought he was handsome. But John was my best friend, and it was sure good to have him around again.

The first night, he was kind of tired from his trip, so we had dinner and then talked at my place till we decided to go to bed. I wore my usual pyjama bottoms and he stripped to his underwear. I hadn’t been in the presence of a male so naked since my college track days, and back then, thinking about doing it with a guy was years in the future. Now, as my friend took his clothes off, I wondered if John might be a good choice for my first time bisexual experience. His body was thick but not unattractive, his chest smooth and barrel-like. I found myself wondering what his cock looked like. I shook my head mentally, knowing that John was as straight as they came and wouldn’t do anything sexual with any man, never mind me.

Nonetheless, as I lay in bed, inches away from him, I started to think of ways I could suggest an encounter, ways which would, if he didn’t want any part of them, could be dismissed by me as misunderstandings. My dick grew as I thought, but other than a raging need for penile relief, I didn’t come up with anything.

The next day was fun. We went to a movie, then to a video game arcade (just like we had in school – though the games were more advanced and we weren’t as good at them!) then watched girls from a park bench downtown and talked about everything. We then went to dinner, a bar for drinks and got home about midnight.

When John told me he was going to shower, I almost blurted out the request to join him. I don’t know why but I thought he might be receptive to me tonight. Another part of me suggested that I shelve the idea of bedding my best friend and wait until an appropriate stranger presented himself.

Unlike Friday night, when he was way too tired, John was talkative as we lay in bed, the lights off and the apartment silent. We chatted about various things but I steered the conversation toward sex. I brought up our first times, how he had lost his virginity to my sister one night when she had a fight with her husband and got drunk because of it; how I’d had my first taste of sex with the mother of a boy we both loathed.

“God,” John said, chuckling, “I’ve got a big woody thinking about your sister!”

“I have one, too!” I said. Then a thought hit me, and I asked, “Hey, do you remember Carla?”

“Carla? God, Cal, I haven’t thought of her in ages! She thought my cock was the longest thing since God created anacondas! What a laugh!”

I was on the right track. John had always believed his organ to be small, and since the average is, so I’m told, six inches, I guess he’d be right. He claimed that his cock wasn’t more than four inches long. So when Carla, his girlfriend from before his marriage, kept telling people how long it was, we wondered if it was a form of ego-boosting, or whether she’d just been fucked by midgets all her life.

“Now, don’t start that again!” I said. “She thought you were long, so you must be!”

“I’m not, really!” John laughed.

“Okay, then, let’s see it. You’ve got a woody right now, let’s settle this once and for all.”

“Fine then!”

John was chuckling and taking the challenge in the way I’d hoped he would: not as a come-on but simply as a manly joke. I felt and heard him get to his knees on the bed and a moment later turn on the bedside light. Without any ceremony, he pulled down his grey underpants and out popped his cock. It was erect and pointed right at me, red and strong. He was cut, veiny and – yup, no more than four inches long!

“There, you see?” John shook his head with a big grin on his face. “Okay, funny man, you want to place show-and-tell, let’s see yours!”

I struggled to my knees to face him, pretending that I was reluctant to do so. I pulled down my pyjama bottoms and out bounced my own pride and joy. It wasn’t colossal by any means – seven inches long and proportionately thick – but compared to my buddy’s it was a giant.

“Wow! Look at that! And you aren’t married yet? With that thing to attract babes?”

“Well, there’s nothing wrong with yours, my friend,” I said, and made my move. I reached out and took his cock in my fingers, lightly, as if I were picking up a piece of evidence in a friendly argument. John’s dick swelled a bit with my touch and perked up. I continued talking, making light of the whole discussion. In the meantime, I was gesturing with my other hand. The one holding his cock moved, as if keeping pace with the other hand, but in fact I was sliding the foreskin back and forth. The cock became purple and the head grew, the whole thing becoming harder.

“I’d rather have one like this, though…”

John took my cock in his big hand, as if to copy my movements but I could see in his face that he was confused. He was enjoying what I was doing below his waist, and he wasn’t sure if he wanted to keep it going or stop.

“I think you get a lot of enjoyment out of this,” I said, indicating his throbbing dick. Then I pretended to notice what I was doing with it for the first time. I glanced up at his face, almost shyly and said quietly, “Do you like this?”

John blinked several times and nodded. “Yeah, I do…” He started masturbating me now. “Do you like that?”

“Uh-huh.”

While I continued to stroke his meat with one hand, the other reached down and cupped his balls. They had hung loosely in their sack until then, but now plumped up and filled their bag. I continued to masturbate my chum, using a very light grip, just two fingers and a thumb. He was breathing heavily and at one point, closed his eyes. I wet my lips and leaned closer. I kissed him full on the mouth. His eyes flew open.

“Cal…” he whispered. I knew he was about to tell me ‘no’, so I cut him off. I put the flat of my hand on his chest.

“Lay back.” I was a bit surprised when he did. I could actually hear his heart beating fast and hard as I re-positioned myself lower down on the bed and bent over.

John gasped audibly as my mouth slid over his swollen dick. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the moment. My tongue flicked over his sensitive head and he started to make a quiet groaning sound. I licked the sides of his cock, getting him nice and wet, the way I liked to be treated. My lips followed the big thick channel that ran along the underside of his cock to his balls, and I took his nuts into my mouth. That made him moan loudly, and he shifted his legs, opening them for me to get a better position. This turned me on no end, because it meant that my friend wanted me to give him head.

This was my first time sucking cock, so I did what all the best cock-sucking women I’d been with did. I sucked and licked, using my tongue and my lips and, at one point, gliding the edges of my teeth over John’s big purple dick head.

“Oh, Jesus, yes…” he moaned. I started sucking him a bit faster and a bit harder. His moans became regular and each one was of a higher pitch.

“I’m gonna make you come in my mouth, okay?” I said. “But you have to tell me when you’re about to.”

“I will, I will,” he said, his eyes closed, his head back on the pillows and his body contorting with pleasure. “Yes, I wanna come, Cal…”

I really went to work on him then, and could tell, as his balls tightened and his breathing became faster and more shallow, that he was about to shoot his load. I hoped I could take it all without gagging.

“I’m coming, Cal, oh, fuck, baby, I’m coming…”

When he said that, I positioned his dick in my mouth so that it would shoot at the roof of my mouth and not the back of my throat, a trick the wife of a colleague told me after she’d blown me at an office party one Christmas. John suddenly yelled incoherently, and a hot stream of thick, gooey cum shot into my mouth. It coated the roof of my mouth as I started swallowing. I kept swallowing as fast as I could because my pal was unloading a bucket-full of juice. At last he stopped emptying and I slid my mouth off his quivering, expended dick. He was lying back with his eyes still closed, shaking.

“Jesus, Cal… That was better than any woman ever gave me…”

I lie down beside him and caressed his face with my hand. He turned toward me and I kissed him on the lips, my cum-flavoured tongue exploring his mouth. He didn’t stop me but after I moved away, he said, “That’s kinda faggy, don’t you think?”

I laughed. “Another man just gave you the best blow job of your life and you think kissing him is faggy?” John had to laugh too, but he stopped when I kissed him again. We were lip-locked for several minutes and I could feel his dick regaining strength. But mine ached for relief right now.

“How do you feel about doing something even more faggy?” I asked as I placed his hand on my hard cock. “I’ll show you how.”

“Anything to return the favour, buddy,” he said, smiling.

The next morning, I awoke first, and was making breakfast when my best friend and newest lover came out of the bedroom, wiping his eyes. John was dressed only in his underpants. My biggest fear was that I had destroyed our friendship by my actions last night. After an exchange of good mornings, I asked him if he was hungry and indicated the eggs and bacon frying on the stove.

“Uh-huh,” he answered enthusiastically. Then he added, “but not for food…” and kissed me deeply and passionately.

I remember thinking, ‘Yeah, our friendship’s still pretty solid’…