 Whilst this story is true, I have changed names to protect friends identities. Hope you enjoy!

***

This happened about 4 years ago.

I have a best friend, Daniel whom I still to this day regularly hang out with. 

I've known him since the start of high school and we've been through adult life together.

Our relationship has always been pretty close, but before these events nothing sexual ever happened between us. 

At one stage in our friendship we used to often have a weed smoking session. A couple of years in these type of hangouts, we're at my place whilst my wife was visiting her mom as she does once a month on a weekend. 

Now let me be clear, I love my wife. I'd never seek to have an affair or anything like that but this is the one exception that I thought "you only live once".

Basically, it's a smoke sesh like a dozen others we'd had. Some gaming, an action movie, general best mates having a good time while getting baked and forgetting about daily life for a few hours. 

About 6 blunts in, we're too fucked to concentrate on any games so we just stick tv on and casually chat.

Were sat on the big settee together, talking about all sorts of crap like you do when high or drunk, meaning of life, new movies etc that we wanna see, stuff we're into and eventually sex stuff.

At first it's typical stuff, talking about past conquests, funny stuff that's happened, women we'd love to do the deed with.

We decide to stick babestation on, mostly to just gawp at what we can't have. 

Problem was, we both started to visibly get aroused. Aroused to the point it was obvious we wished we had some privacy. 

We'd been friends that long we both agreed "look, we can do this. We're thinking about these gorgeous babes. It's not gay or cheating at all. Just something that happens to loads of mates".

So we both get started. 

Truth is this though, I'd always been secretly into certain types of guys too and Daniel was very much that type. I'd often fantasised about what sex with him would be like. 

My hand slips into my trousers, as his does his jeans. At first we keep our dicks out of view, but I'm secretly hoping that changes.

A few minutes in, when we're truly comfortable and the moans of pleasure start to be hard to suppress Daniel asks me if I mind if he just gets his cock out as he's finding it tricky to masturbate in his jeans.

I obviously say yes but pretend it's down to the reasons he gives. 

He gets it out and I immediately feel a new level of arousal, I prefer women, but his dick is just like I imagined, I instantly picture sucking on it and it being slid into my ass.

A few moments later I take a chance and slowly slip my raging hard on out too.

We continue to touch ourselves and I notice that we're taking our time. Almost suspiciously like we're hoping for more. 

As I try to glance a peek of my friend pleasuring himself, I realise he's already looking at me. 

He says "you know, its kinda hot watching you touch yourself". I moan back "you too man".

That causes us to look at each other for too long. Out eyes meet and our lips finally lock. 

We stop masturbating for a moment and go from a gentle to passionate tongue filled kiss. 

When we pull away, instead of if feeling weird, we're both smiling in a very suggestive way. We're going to have sex and I know it. 

As Daniel leans in to kiss me again, I feel his hand move and close around my dick.

I gently nod giving my permission whilst doing the same to him. 

For the next few moments we slowly and sexily make out while gently wanking each other. It feels so sexy and right. 

Eventually our lust kicks in. 

I don't know how we made the decision who was going to up the ante first, but I find myself sitting on the couch with Daniel closing his lips around my cock.

He wastes no time. His blowjob is arguably the best blowjob I've ever had. His hands explore my thighs, my chest and he also fingers my ass too. 

It doesn't take long for me to orgasm. He takes my load in his mouth and swallow it all while going "mmm, you taste great".

I decide to repay the favour, I'm a little nervous initially. Yes I'm bisexual, but I've never given a blowjob, I've just kissed guys and given them handjobs. I've only just had my first blowjob of a man myself! 

Pretty quickly though I go from nervous to a total slut. I suck on him furiously. I know as a man what I want in a blowjob and I give it to my friend now.

I finger him too, touch his body and dirty talk and wank him during his orgasm. 

When hes done climaxing, he kisses me again and then we realise some talking is going to have to happen here. 

It turns out, Daniel was like me too. Bisexual and always wanted to secretly fuck me too. He'd even been with a few guys already and had just never told me. 

Both of us are amused by this. We think of all the sex we could've had and now how we can't due to me being in a happy marriage. 

I suggest I'm seeing tonight as a one off opportunity for us to experiment and deal with feelings between us that obviously were always bound to come out. We agree that after tonight, no matter how good it is we can't do this again without my wife knowing and being 100% on board.

When the talking ends, we sit for all of 10 seconds before we start kissing again. We said tonight was ok after all.

This time we end up in an all male 69 position. It's fucking heavenly. Both being sucked at the same time feels so goddamn sexy that we cum even harder this time.

This second orgasm is the last one we ever had together though. We honour our agreement and maintain our friendship. 

Don't get me wrong, we both admit to masturbating and thinking about the other frequently, that's perfectly OK in my book.

My wife knows we had sex nowadays but I told her it was years ago before we got married just to test the waters, but if ever she suggests a threesome I'd nominate Daniel as a candidate for our third as he finds my wife attractive as well as me.

I love my friend for this experience, as it both fulfilled a fantasy I'd had for years and helped me accept a truth about myself that I was almost in denial about. If I were ever divorced, I'd fuck him again in a heartbeat.