 Elena Michaels giggle beside her friend Jay Simons the sneaked inside a van they borrowed from Elena's girlfriend. The thought of deceiving someone of what they planned excited her and she couldn't wait to watch her ex-boyfriend's face once it all unravels around him.

They had planned a revenge for him. Carl Jefferson had been hogging her all-year round and she has grown tired of his advances. He had cheated on her with his slutty ex and Elena didn't want to have anything to do with him anymore.

Only then when Elena found somebody new did the boy start with his groveling to win her back. He almost tried to rape her and she have had enough of him.

So today, Elena was going to invite him to this van; inviting him for a last blowjob but he'll have to wear a blindfold. What Carl doesn't know is that it will be we friend Jay who'll be sucking him off.

Once he'd dumped his load inside Jay's mouth will they take his blindfold off and reveal that they've been recording the scene all the while.

A couch was situated in the back of the van and Jay his behind it. It was weird agreeing with his friend Elena, the only advantage he'll have in this revenge is that he can suck a cock for free. And it will one of the hottest boys in school. Of course Elena doesn't know that Jay has been infatuated with her ex for a long time.

He heard giggling outside the van and froze in place. The door opened and revealed a giggling Elena leading a very happy Carl. She pushed him down on the couch and blindfolded his eyes. 

Her eyes went toward him and she nodded to take action. While Jay crawled over to Carl's lap, Elena sat behind the wheels and started the ignition.

Jay's hand shook as he unzipped the flu of Carl's jeans. He pushed them downward, along with his underwear, until they reached his ankles.

The butterflies inside his stomach turned to birds as he saw Carl's flaccid cock laying on his thick thighs. Even half hard, it was huge. 

Slowly reaching out for the huge tool, he took it in his hands and pumped it up and down. 

Carl groaned and his next words spurred Jay to continue. "That's it you slut. Take that cock in your hand and pumped it till the cum explodes and covers your face."

The crude words made his hand stopped and Carl's face drew in anger behind the blindfold. "What are you waiting for, you slut. Take that cock and lick it till it gets hard. If you don't, I'll take off this stupid blindfold and fuck your mouth dry."

Elena glanced back at the two and found Jay frozen in what looked like fear. She almost stopped the van when she saw him dipped his head lower and attacked that cock with hunger. The view was nauseating knowing what kind of man Carl was, so she returned to driving and ignored that sound coming from the back of the van.

Diving in to the delicious cock, Jay sucked the bulbous head inside his mouth and Carl emitted a low growl from his throat. 

What first looked like a huge cock grew to be a monster one. It thicker to a girth wider than Jay's wrist and lengthened more than nine inches. His eyes widened when the cock came out of his mouth and stood proudly from the black bushes of Carl's body. 

The cock stood. Angry. Proud. And ready to breed someone. It produced precum from its tip and I licked it with the tip of my tongue. The taste was salty inside my tongue and I wanted more of it.

Rough hands pumped the base of Carl's cock and his brows furrowed in confusion. He must be imagining things. 

Jay's tongue slithered out of his mouth and played around the head of Carl's cock. It slid from the head and licked the sweat from the underside of the cock. Jay continued to lick the underside until there was no more taste and swallowed the cock whole. Carl's hips buck from surprised and his cock lodged inside Jay's mouth. Tears spilled from Jay's eyes as Carl continued to thrust his hips forward, hitting Jay throat repeatedly. No one has swallowed his cock whole and he wanted to relish inside this person's mouth. He knew it wasn't Elena blowing him, so he wasted to abuse the power.

They wanted his cock, he'll give them his cock.

He removed his hand from his side and threaded his fingers on the blowers hair. It was short and he instantly knew that his ex had planned a revenge on him.

"Well, well, well. Looks like someone a naughty cocksucker." Carl removed the blindfold from his eyes and they widened when he saw Jay kneeling in front of his, his cock inside Jay's mouth. 

Jay couldn't believe it. Once Carl removed his blindfold and saw him, his cock began growing again. It was like the very thought of another man sucking his cock aroused him to further heights. 

Carl woke up from his daze and smiled at Jay. The gay boy looked at him curiously but he held his head on his cock. There was no way in hell that he wouldn't experience getting off tonight. He has a mouth that was given to him, and he's thinking of using than ass later. 

"Why Jay, I didn't know you were in love with me?"

Carl asked mockingly as he'd Jay's head in his arms. He released his head so he could but not so much that he'll remove his freely from Carl's cock.

"Why don't you show me how much you love me."

Carl took the cock from Jay's mouth and held it in the air. Even knowing that Jay was the one sucking his cock didn't lose his hardness. It was the opposite, it made him feel more arouse than ever.

"Lick my balls, baby." Jay's eye strayed to the from part of the car and Carl slapped his cheek with his cock. "I ordered you to lick my ball. If you want me to call you a slut then I'll do it. I'm using endearments so why don't you be nice to me and show your love to your master."

Jay sniffed a little but licked his balls anyway. The feel of his velvet tongue running on his sack was mesmerizing and Carl commanded him to do it again. Jay tongue lapped at the skin that protected his family jewels. He alternated between the two, sucking them inside his mouth and massaging his underside. 

"Shit, that's it baby. Lick my ball for me. Lick it till the cum travels upward and I'll shoot it down your throat so you can swallow them all okay, honey."

Carl's derogatory words, combined with his endearments went inside Jay's head. Making the smaller boy lost in his fantasies and bring his game to a whole new level. 

He took the cock from Carl's hands and lapped at the tip that was spurting precum. He twirled his tongue around it and slid it downward to the base. He swallowed the whole rod in his mouth once it's slick with his spit. He bobbed up and down. Up. Down. Up. Down. 

"That's it, baby. You have to move faster so it can erupt and you'll have your meal for the day."

Jay moaned around Carl's cock and the vibrations sent a whole new feeling in Carl's body. His balls were waiting to release a months worth of cum inside Jay's mouth and he couldn't make the process go faster. 

Carl took Jay's head in his hands and pushed him downward and upward around his cock. 

Jay slurped and slurped as Carl controlled his movements on his cock. Carl's hands gripped his hair roughly and pushed him faster on his cock. His head went up. Down. Up. Down. Until Carl's hands became erratic.

It was coming closer. He could feel it deep in his balls. They were going to come out and he'll seal this boy with his sperm. He pushed Jay's head towards his cock hard. And then his balls exploded. The cum traveled from his testicles and through the girth of his cock. They spurted out of his balls like a cannon and his eyes rolled back to his head from the force. Carl has never experienced this kind of orgasm before. He's never done it with a boy too. And it seems like his cock likes it because it couldn't stop from erupting.

Gallons of cum came off of Carl. He must have been full of this and Jay couldn't swallow enough of them. He pushed himself off Carl and some of his cum spurted on his face. A glob hit him on the cheek and he flinched. He heard a chuckle from above him and found Carl looking at him amusedly. He glared at him and went to stand up.

"Where do you think you're going."

Ashamed of what he's done, Jay continued to exit the door when Carl's hand dashed out to grab the back o his collar. He was pulled back to the van and found himself tied down; his hands behind his back. 

"If I ask you a question, you answer me; okay?" Jay didn't answer and Carl blew out a breath out of frustration. He knocked on the door the separated the van in half. 

Elena heard a knock from behinds and glanced back thinking it could be Jay, telling her the job was done. But when she looked back at the back, her eyes widened. There was Jay huddled on the ground and Carl was above him, kissing the soul out of him. She ran out of the van without another glance and hoped that Jay would forgive.

"She's gone." Jay couldn't understand what Carl was talking about because of the kiss they' shared. It was mind blowing but Jay didn't know that. He never had been kissed before. He just sucked other guy's dicks and no one wanted to kiss someone who had just sucked their cocks off.

Carl chuckled, seeing Jay's dazed stare. He got up and found his thighs covered in cum. He scooped them with his fingers and directed them to Jay's mouth. 

"Open baby." Jay obeyed him and Carl's fingers intruded his mouth. His finger tasted salty and Jay twirled his tongued around Carl's finger. Sucking the taste out of his skin and nipping them lightly. The feeling of Jay's mouth playing with his finger made his cock harden and he knew just the thing to do with it. He stood up without zipping his fly and poked Jay's closed mouth his the tip of his cock. The smaller boy opened his mouth and he entered to his warm cavity.

"Clean up my cock, baby. It needs to be clean when I'm driving the van." Jay sucked the dried cum with vigor and his cock hardened to its full length. It would be hard for him to concentrate on driving but it'll all be worth it.

"You stay there while I drive okay. We'll have a lot of plan tonight."

Jay was conflicted between two emotion. Being scared and being excited. I don't know what Carl has planned for him. All he knew was that Elena's plan backfired and it went downhill fast.

Carl made him sit in the passenger seat and it felt weird to be seating next to a hunk of a man. 

They stopped at an old rundown barn and Carl got out and opened his door. He opened the door and guide Jay inside. Everything was pitch black when a candle was lit to the side and the light illuminated the room. It was like a barn from the movies excluding all the animals. There was a blanket above a stashes hay and he just knew what would happen there. 

Carl positioned his body behind Jay and snaked his arms around the smaller boy's waist. "Do you want my cock, baby?"

Jay moaned as Carl's tongue curled on the shell of his ear. He was sensitive there and every love carl took made him into a wanton slut.

"Do you?" Carl pushed his bulge to the indention of Jay's ass. He wanted the boy to admit to his submission but it awoke the senses inside Jay's mind. The smaller boy shook his head fiercely and turned to push Carl away from him. Carl didn't anticipate the push but manage to pull the boy down with him. Jay struggled in Carl's hold but it was useless. 

"Carl please, I'm begging you. I was only doing if for Elena's sake. Please, if you'll continue I don't have any dignity left to show everyone."

"The you should've thought that when you started sucking my cock, you slut. But I really have to ask. That was one hell of a blowjob. Was that a one time thing or did you suck every boy in the school?"

Jay didn't know what came to him but he couldn't stop the slap that he delivered to Carl's face. 

"That's it. Fight me. Struggle. I love it when I show them wrong and they all turn up to be a huge slut for me."

Carl dipped his head down to kiss Jay again, but the young boy turned his head just in time. He went for his neck instead, biting the sensitive skin until it deepened to a red color of his mark. He snuggled to his collar bone and licked the lite protruding area there. "Such a nice boy, so sensitive and responsive for me." He chuckled to the boy's skin and blew a warm breath.

Jay shuddered from Carl's ministrations and almost came when Carl took His shirt off and threw it away from them. Carl returned to the boy's chest and licked that hardened to buds because of his work. He bit one and pinched. 

"Oh God." Jay breathed out. Carl's hand slithered downwards after pinching jay's nipples one last time. He continued to bite the delightful buds as fingers worked on Jay's fly. They opened up and his hand slid beneath Jay's boxers. There he found his cock, hard and dripping with cock.

"Carl, please don't do this. I want to preserve myself." Jay's words fell on deaf ears as Carls's thumb pressed on his cock's head. Jay knee jerked and his head rolled back to the ground.

"That's it baby. I'll make you feel wonderful." Carl continued to pump his cock in slow motion. He didn't know it yet, but his hips were thrusting into Carl's hand, helping the muscular boy to pump his cum off.

He was starting to feel it. Starting to get into Carl's rhythm when Carl's hand left his cock. The muscular boy stood up from above him. 

Standing above Jay, Carl's eyes turned to slits and they thinned when he captured the hem of his shirt and pulled it off. Next to go were his jeans and underwear, his straining cock popping out of of the fit briefs and slapping against his hrs abdomen. 

Jay swallowed when he noticed how large Carl's cock really was. I don't know if he could take it, but if he didn't; then Carl would just force him and it would hurt like hell.

"Carl, we should jus-." Jay didn't finish his sentence because Carl had his hair gripped tightly on his hands. Carl pulled him up in front of him and kissed him, almost softly. They continued kissing till they reached the stacked hay and Carl turned him around.

Pushing him forward, Jay landed on his hands and knees. The perfect view was right in front of him and Carl couldn't wait any longer. No need for Lubrication. No need for preparation. He'll take him now. Raw, fast, hard, unprotected. 

He kneeled down behind Jay and the smaller boy didn't know what'll hit him. He steadied his cock and pushed forward. They fit so nicely that he didn't let Jay adjust to his size.

"You want this cock, Jay." It wasn't a question. It was a statement. A statement that was supported by every hard thrust. Every thrust inside Jay's body was like a match being lit. It was light at first but when you fasten your haste. It'll explode.

"You'll get this cock, Jay. You'll have everyday of your life. At school. Home. Office. Work. Here. We'll fuck everyday. And then you'll learn how to be mine."

Smack. Smack. Smack. The sounds echoed through the abandoned barn as his thighs slapped Jay's. The boy only moaned below him and Carl knew that it was starting to burn. Good. And hot.

"You love it, don't you.?" 

Jay knew that he'd love fucking. But he didn't want to experience it this fast. His body shook underneath Carl's and it felt like e was nearing orgasm faster than expected. 

"I love it, Carl." He couldn't take it any longer. Couldn't hold off his gratitude from the muscular hunk that was fucking him endlessly. "I love you, Carl."

They both stilled and Jay hung his head in shame. He didn't want those words to come out but they did. 

Carl pulled his hair roughly and lay back on the blanket. Jay was now above him and he knew that the smaller boy would moe all on his own if he wanted to get off. Jay was hesitant at first but after lifting his hips up to guide him, he became a natural. 

"Fuck me Carl. Fuck your Ed's best friend and teach me a lesson." Carl slammed his hips upward just as Jay came down from the heavens. He hit something inside Jay and the boy convulsed around him. The walls of his anal canal going tight around him. Jay's body dropped to him and their faces inched towards each other. 

Their lips met and Carl hungrily ate Jay mouth. His hole was still tight around him and his ass was bouncing hard on his cock. The feeling of his ass and lips felt like fire and Carl couldn't hold off any longer. He slammed his hips the second time and Jay bounced off o him. He didn't want to unclad outside Kaye's hole so he hastily went to the boy's form and thrust his hips forward to his ass. The warmth felt like home and his sperm came out of him and baptized Jay's liquid. 

Jay's face was drawn in bliss and he sighed when Carl's cum drowned his insides. Once the cum was fully drained and there was nothing left. He slept and drifted to a sweet dream.