 Groaning, Jay got up from my bed and rolled to the side to look at the alarm clock. The Digital clock showed that it was six in the evening his stomach groaned in hunger. He looked at his body and found it fully clothed.

Walking downstairs he heard his parents laugh at something and he scrunched up his forehead in confusion. 

"Hey Mom. What's for-." He stopped short and gaped at the muscular stud sitting in front of his parents. There sat Carl laughing with the people who bore him like he hadn't just fucked the day lights out of him.

"Jay, you're awake." His mom stood up from her chair and walked up to him. "I'm glad you finally got out of that bed. Your friend here has been waiting for you for hours since he showed up carrying you on out doorsteps." Jay's mom touched his face and she watched him worriedly. "Is there something wrong, honey?"

Jay shook his head and his mom jumped in the air surprising him. He looked at Carl to see him grinning in glee and he knew he just missed something important. 

"Really? Well then, your father and I have somewhere to go and we'll leave you with this friend of yours." 

Shaking his head, Jay's parents moved too fast and before he knew it; his parents were gone and he was alone with Carl. Carl chuckled when he saw Jay gaping at his parents.

"You want to eat dinner?" Carl chuckled wen the boy stuttered to answer his question. Jay shook his head rapidly but Carl moved to cook something.

Jay only watched as Carl took off his shirt and got the ingredients from the fridge he needed to cook the dish he wanted. He was halfway done when he noticed Jay watching him like a hawk, which made his dick tighten in his pants.

"Keep watching me like that and we'll end up in the floor, fucking like rabbits."

Blushing, Jay hung his head in shame as he heard Carl chuckle. His own cock was also straining inside his pants and he didn't know what Carl did to him that made him a wanton slut.

Carl rushed through the kitchen like a maniac and finished the dish in an hour. The food he made smelled great and Jay's stomach rumbled when the smell wafted to his nose. A plate was immediately pushed in front of him and he dug in the delectable food.

It wasn't long till the plate was cleared and Jay's stomach was full. Moaning front the aftertaste, Jay looked up from the plate to thank Carl but stopped shortly when he noticed the other boy looking at him hungrily. "What? Is there something on my face?"

The boy only growled in response and pushed himself off the counter top, his movements rushed as he approached the confused boy. 

Stopping in front of him, Carl stopped Jay from questioning by a kiss and carried the unsuspecting boy back to his room- planning to fuck the little tease out of his mind till all he could think about was his cock inside his hole.

"Carl, put me down." Jay whined almost lamely. His attempts to push the muscular boy feeling half-hearted as Carl's lips left his and sucked the skin along his throat.

Stopping at the middle of the stairs, Carl pushed Jay at carpeted floor and thrust his denim-covered cock with Jay's. "Are you sure you want me to stop?" He whispered huskily in his ears, dipping his younger and twirling inside the shell of Jay's ear. The sensations brought by Carl's ministrations was too much and he couldn't stop his hips from moving along Carl's; wanting to feel more of his body than what he intended to portray.

Taking Jay's movements as a cue to continue, he lifted the boy from the floor and continued to upstairs.

He threw Jay at his bed and discarded his clothes on the floor. His thick and throbbing cock slapped his tight stomach as he pulled his underwear down. He stroked it a couple of times and looked up when he hear the bed creaking. The kneeling on the bed was Jay, already discarded his clothes and was pushing two fingers inside his hole like there's no tomorrow.

The sight was purely erotic to him. The view making his cock throb inside his hand and making cum shoot out from the slit.

"Fuck me Carl."

Chuckling he crawled above Jay and slid his cock all the way inside him; the earlier masturbation making the entrance a lot easier. "Shit, you're so tight baby." He cursed when he felt Jay clamped along his tool and stopped moving inside him. 

"Fuck me Carl, I've wanted your cock ever since Elena introduced the two of us... Please." 

Hearing those words woke the monster on Carl and he pushed his cock deeper inside Jay. The little boy moved his ass along his thrust and circled his arms along Carl's neck.

"You want it harder baby?" He seethed in front of Jay's face an took his lips in a bruising kiss. Jay moaned in response and opened his mouth to let Carl enter. Carl penetrated Jay's mouth and ass, the boy melting in his arms as his huge cock invaded his ass and mouth with his tongue. He pulled away from his lips and looked down. The sight of his cock entering in and out of Jay's hole was hypnotizing and he pulled all the way out. He looked back at Jay gazing at him in wonder and almost laughed at his gaping mouth. 

"You want my cock?" Jay nodded in a daze and he pulled away from him. He laid on his back beside Jay and stroked his cock slowly. The younger boy's eyes followed his hand and crawled all the way down. Taking the member that was once was in his ass inside his mouth. The feeling of his warm cavity encasing his steel rod felt like heaven and he guide Jay's head. 

Jay pulled his mouth from Carl's cock and looked at the stud in lust. His head was thrown all the way back and beads of sweat for in his forehead. His entire body glistened from the sunlight coming through the windows and he almost came when Carl opened his eyes and looked at him through a lust-filled haze. 

"I want to come inside you baby." Carl pleaded and Jay nodded on return. He also wanted to feel Carl's cum spraying his inside and he pushed himself of the mattress. Supporting his weight with his foot, he steadied himself above Carl's rod and position the tip of his cock at the entrance of his hole. 

Not wanting to prolong his release more, Carl took hold of Jay hips and pushed him down hard on his cock; the boy was impaled by his cock in seconds and Carl couldn't hold his orgasm any more.

From seeing Jay eat his dish and from the fore play. It was all too much an he released the pent up cum inside his balls inside Jay. Something wet hit his chest and he opened his eyes to see Jay's cock spraying cum all over his chest and abs. The sight was glorious and it made his orgasm a little longer.

Jay's body fell above his and he closed his arms around the boy's body. He gently laid him beside his body and the boy whimpered from the lost of hardness inside his hole. Carl chuckled at him and jumped of the bed. He walked inside the bathroom and looked for a washcloth to clean Jay with.

He found some under a drawer and returned to Jay's room. The sight the greeted him awoken his cock but he knew that Jay was tired from the sex they just had. Cum was practically coming out of Jay's hole and he closed his eyes to control his lust. He still had to train him so that Jay could endure sex many times in a day. If he wanted Carl all to himself then once a day wasn't enough.