 I had been seeing Ron for about a year now. My girlfriend Sue had introduced us. Sue and I and Ron and his wife Carla often swapped partners and Ron and I got together about once a week for some hot man on man action. Sue approved and encouraged all of this and I had even told her about a recent gangbang I participated in where I was the main attraction.

The gangbang was held at an old farmhouse. There was a mattress placed in the center of the room and I entertained there. I sucked and had been fucked by a total of nine men. It was wonderful. I loved being fucked by men. But I wanted more. I wanted to meet other men and be something they had to have.

I was talking to Sue about how I felt and she listened and then spoke up. She told me that when she first met me, she thought I was gay. She said you are too handsome, you are actually pretty. She said follow me and we went into our bedroom. Sue said take off all your clothes. I did. She went in her drawer and pulled out a black thong panty. She said put that on. She then handed me her long black haired wig she often wore when she wanted to look extra hot. I put that on. She then took my hand and stood me in front of the full length mirror. She said turn around and look over your shoulder. I did. I looked good. Sue said most women would die to have legs and an ass like yours. I must admit I had nice legs and my ass was damn near perfect. 

Sue then took me into the bathroom. She got out her makeup case and went to work. A few minutes later she said look in the mirror. I did and she was hot. But it was me. Sue said with makeup, a wig and your body you can get any man you want.

A few days later Sue surprised me with a pair of Come Fuck Me heels in my size. What was she doing.

A week later, Sue, Carla and two other girls had a trip planned to the Bahamas. It was late fall and they wanted some time in the hot weather and one more tan. I went each week to a tanning salon so I always had a tan. I know it was vain but with my blonde hair I just thought I looked good that way. I had just eaten something for dinner and was feeling horny. I thought about the wig and then came up with a crazy idea.

I went in the bathroom and found some of Sue's makeup. I did a pretty good job applying it and looked pretty good. I then put on a pair of Sue's thong underwear and one of her skirts. It was made of stretchy nylon so on me it was a miniskirt. I wore a loose fitting sweater and put on the wig and CFMs. I looked in the mirror and thought this was crazy. 

I drove about thirty minutes out of town to a truck stop. There was a diner there and I parked and nervously walked in. Several patrons turned and looked but nobody seemed to notice that I wasn't a girl. I ordered coffee and waited. But nothing happened. I thought, this was a really dumb idea. I paid the tab and walked outside.

As I walked towards my car I heard a voice say how much? I turned and there was a middle aged man. He looked like he had just climbed out of his big rig. He was about six feet tall and maybe two hundred pounds. It never occurred to me that I looked like a hooker. I approached him and foolishly said how much you got? He asked, do you have a cock? I thought that would turn him off. I said yes. He said I'll give you fifty bucks if you suck and fuck me. I thought and said let's go.

We walked towards one of the trucks in the lot and I thought is he really going to fuck me in his truck, but he told me he had a room across the street at the motel. It was the kind of motel with each room's door facing the parking lot. I followed him and he opened the door to room nineteen. Once in the room he asked me if I wanted a drink but I declined. He then pulled down the covers on the bed and started to take off his clothes. Obviously he wasn't into small talk. He was naked and sitting on the edge of the bed before I did anything.

He sat there and looked up at me. His cock was hanging limp between his legs. He was cut and his cock looked nice. He said why don't you take off that skirt. I slid my skirt down and his eyes opened with satisfaction. He looked at my tan legs and my ass showing through my thong. He said walk around for me. I walked back and forth across the room and I could see his cock begin to grow. I felt so turned on knowing this man was lusting for me. I could turn men on and I liked it! I was proud of my body and the fact that I could make men want me.

I then walked over to him and kneeled between his legs. I reached down and lifted his cock and balls and started to lick the underside of his balls. I licked up and down his shaft enjoying every moment of it. His cock wasn't huge, about six or seven inches but a nice shape and cut. I then started to suck him. I had gotten pretty good at cock sucking and I found that I could take most of him in my mouth. He obviously was enjoying the treatment. He tasted good and I could taste some pre-cum that I always enjoyed.

After several minutes of sucking he told me to get up on the bed. I slid my panties off and climbed up and leaned onto my elbows putting my ass right near his face. I liked to show my ass off so I wanted him to get a good look. He leaned in and started to lick my ass, first the cheeks but then my crack and tried to work his tongue into my asshole. It felt great. He then got behind me and my first thought was that I hadn't lubed. I was wet from his saliva but before I knew it he had the tip of his cock at my entrance. He wasted no time and started to shove his way in. I relaxed and was able to take him. He took about three strokes before burying the entire length of his cock in my ass. He started slowly but then picked up his pace. He started pounding me pretty hard but it felt good. Again and again he drove his hard cock into me. I looked around the room at this cheap motel and felt like a total whore. I loved it. I had picked up a man that wanted to fuck me so much that he was paying for my ass. I wanted to give him his monies worth. I rocked my ass back each time to meet his thrusts. He started to say take my cock slut you know you want it. He fucked harder and harder and I thought how long can he last as tight as my ass is. But he continued. This guy was good. he fucked me for about fifteen minutes before he said I'm going to cum up your ass bitch. I turned and said give it to me.

I heard him grunt and then felt a warm gush hit inside my ass. It felt great. He pumped a few more times and then withdrew and rolled over on the bed. I fell down on my stomach savoring how great my ass felt. I loved when a man satisfied himself using my ass and loved the feeling of his cum inside me. He then surprised me. He pushed me over on my side and reached for my cock. He started to stroke me but I was already hard. I said I'm going to cum and he placed me in his mouth. I let loose and was somewhat shocked when I saw him swallow. This guy was great.

He asked if I liked it and I said very much. I asked him if he could go again but he said no you wore me out. He said he was going to take a shower and asked if I would be here when he got out. I nodded yes. A few minutes later I heard the shower stop and he walked out wearing just a towel. I had put my skirt back on and he asked if I wanted my money. I told him no, this one was on the house but I would like to do it again. He said that he or his partner passed this way about once a month. I asked about his partner and he said, do you like black cock? I just smiled. 

I walked over to him and reached inside his towel and rubbed his cock. I was surprised when he began to get hard. I got down on my knees and took him into my mouth. I sucked him and sucked him and he rewarded me with a nice load. He tasted great. I swallowed his cum and licked him clean.

I gave him an email address to contact me when he was in town. He said he would probably be back in two months but his partner would be here in about four weeks. He said his name was Lewis but I better be prepared because he was a younger big black 

stud. I grinned and said is he hung? He said from what he heard, Lewis was hung like a horse. I smiled and said tell Lewis about me. I walked out with my new friends cum deep in my ass and imagined what a huge black cock would feel like. I planned to find out.