 Reading the stories in Literotica brought back memories of my first time having man to man sex. I had these bi tendencies since my teenage years, but was afraid to act on them for fear of retaliation or exposure to girls and my friends. Until I met Joe. I was introduced to man to man sex by Joe whom I met at a dinner party. Joe is an older gay gentleman in his early 50's, and I in my early 20's. We struck up a conversation that lasted most of the evening. We hit it off as new friends. As the party was ending, Joe was calling a taxi for a ride home. Since I enjoyed his company, I kindly offered him a ride since it was on my way home. We chatted along the way as if we were old friends. When we reached Joe's home, he invited me up to his apartment for tea, which I kindly accepted. For whatever reason, I sensed that I was being drawn into Joe. He made me feel very comfortable. A strange, but wonderful feeling.

While sitting on a couch in his living room drinking tea, we talked about myself, work, my college days, women, and somehow my sexuality. I told him that I was not dating no one in particular, but did admit, rather shyly, that I fantasized having sex with another man. I also told him of my bi- tendencies since my teenage years, and my fear to act upon them. He looked at me and understood. After which he slowly reached over and rubbed his hand on my cock through my pants, which was already semi-hard from our conversation. I didn't push his hand away. Instead, I found myself spreading my legs slowly so that he can get a better reach. This reaction was new, strange, and exciting to me. He ask if I ever had a guy suck me as he was slowly rubbing his hand across my crotch. I said no. Only girls. He then asked if he could be my first. Feeling relaxed about my sexuality around him, and turned on by him rubbing my cock, I agreed for him to have me.

As he was rubbing my cock through my pants, he kept to small talk asking questions like "how does it feel when another man is rubbing my cock?"; "Do I feel nervous or uncomfortable?" He was slow and deliberate in his movements. How does it feel? My cock was aching to be released from the restraints of my pants. Joe had me stand in front him while he sat on the couch, reaching out to unbuckle my pants, and let them fall to the floor. I stepped out from my pants and underwear to get comfortable. My cock sprang to a full erection after being freed. I noticed pre-cum beginning to ooze from my cock. It was exciting. He looked up into my eyes while he slowly pumped his hand up and down on my cock with one hand, and cupping my balls, and gently squeezing them with the other hand, telling me how beautiful my cock is. He slowly reached behind my arse with both hands and rubbed the cheeks softly. He asked me how does it feel when a man touches me. It was exciting. More pre-cum oozed from my cock. He slowly licked the head, savoring the clear juice from my cock. He flicked his tongue in my pee hole causing me to give a slight moan of pleasure. He then traced his tongue down the shaft to my balls. He kissed them. He slowly licked and flicked his tongue on my shaft before engulfing the head of my cock into his warm mouth. What a warm sensation I had never felt. I had received many blow jobs from girls, but nothing like this. 

Joe had me lay down on the couch as he removed his clothes, and I removed the remainder of mine. He was average built, but his cock was bigger than mine. He was about 8 inches, thick, and uncut, and it was semi-erect, compared to my average 6 1/2 cut when erect. Looking at his cock, I wondered how can I get the head in my mouth if and when the time came. I also noticed pre-cum leaking from his cock. What a turn on it was. What lust I was feeling for this man. He licked and sucked my cock from the head to my balls, and back up to head where he took my cock deeper into his warm mouth. I held his head with both hands as I was fucking his mouth. This continued has he grabbed my arse with both hands to draw me closer, with my cock hitting the back of his throat. There were times he just held my cock in the back of his throat. When I felt the urge to cum, he knew when to let go. He kept me on edge. I thought I heard a cap of a bottle open, but didn't think nothing of it. I was in lust with this man. 

It was then I felt a finger rub my hole then a finger slip easily in my arse. I realized then the bottle was lube. My arse fully accepted the intrusion. What a feeling he was giving me. I couldn't believe how relaxed and comfortable I became. As he was finger fucking me, he inserted a second finger, stretching my arse for an deeper invasion, and messaging my prostrate, I couldn't hold on any longer. I warned him that I about to cum. He sucked harder and deeper. When he held my cock in the back of his throat, I came with a load of cum that I never thought I could ejaculate. My legs felt weak. He swallowed all of me without wasting a drop. He sucked and licked my cock clean of my cum. As my cock was getting soft in his warm mouth, he slowly licked and sucked the head of my cock until it fell from his mouth. He kissed the head as he finished. Shortly, we both relaxed on the couch and talked about what just happen. Needless to say, I had a smile from ear to ear. It was then that I decided that he was going to help me explore my bi-side without any reservation. I was willing. I just hope he is.