 It was not the sort of occasion when you would expect anything exciting to happen. I had this job for the summer vacation which meant I had to travel around doing interviews all day and staying in Guest Houses each night. 

So it was evening and I had just found this B&B. The landlady had shown me to a twin room which seemed fine. I was relaxing in the garden at a table with a parasol and enjoying a cool drink while she chatted to me about the problems of running the place. 

Presently we noticed a large bus had drawn up nearby and a couple of big young men dressed in sports gear came through the garden gate and asked if there were any rooms available. 

"Is it just the two of you?" she asked. 

"Er well no actually there are seven of us, you see we are a rugby team on tour and all the others have managed to find accommodation except us" 

"Seven! Let me see, that's really a pity because I have three twin rooms and a double and I have just let one of the twins to this gentleman so I'm afraid I can't just offer to take you all. I'm really sorry!" 

"No don't worry it's OK. And you couldn't allow one of to sleep on a chair or something?" 

"No I'm sorry it's all these fire regulations. We have to be so careful these days." 

I remember feeling quite sorry that they would have to go away. I always liked being with the rugby crowd even though I was not built for the game myself. 

"I would be prepared to share with one of you if that would help." I offered. 

"Are you really sure? You don't have to you know! I really wouldn't want you to feel pressured in any way" she said. 

So there it all began. I accompanied a guy called Barry up to show him my room. There was only one key and we both had cases to take up. 

Looking back I don't quite remember but I think Barry did offer himself fairly quickly and seemed very friendly. I should also point out that I had taken my shirt off to catch some of the evening sun. 

"Hey this is great! Are you it is OK? I mean you wouldn't prefer to have one of the others share with you?" 

I laughed. "I don't know any of you but I usually find rugby players are a great crowd." 

"Excuse me saying so but you don't quite look like one yourself. I don't mean that in any derogatory way. Hey! you offer to share your room then I come and insult you!! No I mean you are ... no sorry! you are really just fine! What's your name by the way?" 

He suddenly looked a bit flushed. It seemed like he had started a sentence he could not complete. 

"Carl" I replied smiling at his obvious embarrassment. 

"Actually er... I thought of having a shower and getting out of this sweaty gear. We're going out for a meal somewhere in about an hour." he was getting clothes out of his case and hung up a smart suit in the wardrobe. 

"OK then here goes" he said stripping off his clothes. "I'm sorry I hope you don't mind!" he said as he took his pants off. 

"Not at all!" I replied emphatically as I stared unashamedly at a very impressive display of genitals. 

Like all rugby players his face was rugged rather than beautiful. The most I usually got to see of players was the lower part of their thighs as they ran with the ball. I had never seen a guy like this in the nude before. I was completely captivated by him, his thick muscular neck broad shoulders, powerful hairy chest and strong running legs. A strange excitement came all over me as I watched his buttocks as he strode confidently to the shower cubicle. He left the en suite door open so I could see the outline of naked body through the frosted glass of the shower door as he soaped his body. I wished I was with him. 

This was the first time I had ever got excited like this about a guy. I was so innocent then! But it seemed like I had just seen everything I liked about rugby players but had never really admitted so much to myself. I kept thinking how I must control myself and not get carried away because he was probably not at all interested in me in that way. 

Very soon he came back with a towel around him and I said I would go for a shower myself. I had a perfect excuse to follow his example and strip off right in front of him. I tried to be as casual as possible and not to look at him, but it was a huge thrill to take my pants down in front him as he was watching. I had been teased about my sexy ass at school and in sort of a way I rather liked it. So as I walked over to the shower I sneaked a glimpse over my shoulder and caught him looking at my bum. I smiled and asked him if the shower controls were complicated. 

He jumped up from the bed where he had been sitting and scarcely drew the towel around himself. "Hey let me show you! they are quite easy really but you need to get the setting right." He was next to me now in the cubicle with his naked body touching mine and as he leant over me to adjust the controls I felt his warm cock touch the side of my thigh. 

"How's that! Not too hot?" 

"Oh yes that's really fine" I said half hoping he would stay with me and misbehave but it was premature to think such things, I told myself. So I had my shower feeling hugely excited as I fingered my soapy asshole and thought of Barry's great cock as if that would be as near as I would ever get to the real thing. 

When I re-entered the room drying myself and feeling bit embarrassed about the state of my inflated cock, I noticed Barry was reclining on the bed completely nude and reading a magazine. Looking up at me he put the magazine down and I noticed his penis looked really full. Although still partly flaccid it was much thicker. I couldn't take my eyes off it and as he gazed at mine I felt myself stiffening. 

"You look fantastically fit" As I said this I was aware that my voice was a bit unsteady. 

"You are fucking terrific Carl! It's a promise I've never got excited about a guy before in my life but your body!! You're so smooth and sexy!!" he said confidently but obviously taking his cue from my cock. As he began running his big hand up my legs his cock stiffened into the most massive erection I had ever seen. 

"Man you've got a bum better than any fucking chick!" his hand was on my ass cheeks now and he was pulling me towards him. 

I still couldn't take my eyes off his huge cock. It dominated all my thoughts and I just had to go down and start sucking him. He was bone hard, hot as hell and so fabulously firm. I tried to take it all in my mouth; it felt gorgeous! I had never been so near a guys genitals before let alone have his penis in my mouth! I was trying to suck him right in but I couldn't accommodate his whole length without taking him down my throat. I had never in my life done anything remotely like this. I remember fondling his balls; I was loosing control of myself and crazy with excitement. Barry was writhing around in extacy as I sucked him harder and harder. Soon I got my first taste of his precum oozing from his big pink knob. If this wasn't enough to drive me crazy, now Barry had started fingering my asshole and he was pulling at me with his other hand. 

Next thing he was lying straight out on his back as I continued to suck and kiss every part of his fantastic `Fuck Pole' and investigate his beautiful firm balls in his ample scrotum. He had got me to kneel astride him so he could get at my bum better. 

It was then that I felt him gently licking my asshole. It was the most wonderful sensation I had ever experienced! It is odd when something like that happens and you never before realised that you had always wanted it to happen. I felt my anus relaxing as his tongue probed my outer sphincter. I could hear the sounds as his kisses got wetter amid all the saliva and his penis seemed to swell in my mouth even more 

Suddenly he grabbed me and threw me down on the bed. I felt the massive strength of his body. I wondered at his huge biceps as he turned me on my back grabbed my ankles and forced my legs back with his strong hairy arms. 

Then I could see his huge dick pointing almost straight up towards his hairy stomach. I couldn't believe this was all happening to me. It must be a cruel dream. Was I really about be fucked by this Greek god?! I had hardly thought this as I felt his finger gently feeling my anus. He had regained his composure somewhat, perhaps because I was no longer teasing his cock but he got a tube of cream and started to lube me. I just couldn't believe how such a strong guy could handle me so gently when he was so excited. 

He took his time and seemed to be applying lots and pushing his fingers in as far as he could. It felt so good I was almost crying with pleasure. I kept sighing and saying `thank you' in a ridiculously repetitive way. I just wanted to submit to him and above all I longed for his cock. I was still not sure it was going to happen, it just seemed too good to be true! 

Barry very methodically screwed the cap back on the tube and I could see he had positioned his body so that his powerful prick was pointing very purposefully straight at my asshole. He was looking deep into my eyes now. 

"Do you want it?" he asked simply as he flicked his dark hair back from his brow. 

"Yes please!!" I said having difficulty controlling my voice. 

Then he came down on me very deliberately still looking straight into my eyes and I felt his hot rigid knob probing my ass cunt. Oh what a fabulous feeling! I could feel myself opening up as he drove the full length of his beautiful fuck pole deep into my bottom! It felt like I had all his muscles and his whole strong manly body right up inside me. He had taken complete control of me now! It just wanted him so much! I wanted him to DO ME! I wanted him to FUCK ME!!

"Ah I love you! Fuck my ass Barry!!" I was going crazy. 

"Take your time" he said like someone in perfect command of the situation. I couldn't reply, I was completely speechless now. I just wanted Barry to jack his spunk up me, I didn't want anything else. 

It soon happened; at first he seemed to be taking me quite slowly with long deep thrusts of his immense cock then a wonderful feeling as this huge powerful man suddenly surged even further into me. He felt really huge now. I was overwhelmed; he was getting real power into me now and he was directing it right up my rectum. All I could see was sweat on his massive pectoral muscles and his big broad shoulders on top of me but it felt like all the power in his body was up inside me. 

He was thrusting it in an out faster than ever now and it was driving me even more crazy. He was so strong and determined and every probe of his cock was so deliberate. My prostate was being hammered like hell; it hurt but the thrill was so intense I hardly noticed! I never had any idea what a man could do to me. There I was pinned down under this huge naked rugby player who I'd only just met!!

It was otherwise quiet in the room but as he quickened the pace the headboard started banging against the wall and you near a slurping sound as he pumped me with his huge `piston'. I was groaning out loud as I felt a huge sensation building deep inside my bum. He too was starting to loose his cool. Sweat was streaming from his forehead and his arms as he fucked me harder and harder. 

Suddenly he seemed to screw up his face and take a deep breath then I felt his cock jerk violently inside me. It was as if all the virility and power and manliness of his huge body was about explode into me. Then I felt this powerful flush of something hot deep inside my bottom as he began to pump his virile cum into me. At first it was the sensation of feeling every squirt as he spurted his sperm laden spunk straight up my bum but then I got this intense thrill as my rectum went into this massive bout of orgasmic spasms. 

There was a sharp knock at the door. 

"Hey what's going on in there? Barry! Aren't you ready yet?" 

"Er yes sure! Hang on I'll be with you right now" Someone tried the door handle but fortunately it had locked itself. 

"Come on Barry! Can we come in?" I told Barry to put his towel around and say he had fallen asleep. It didn't work too well! 

"Must have been a restless one!" one of them said looking me up and down in my state of undress. I did have a towel around me but it was obvious no one believed Barry's excuse. 

"So let's get going then." Colin was doing most of the talking. "What about your friend. Do you want to come and have a meal with us?" he asked looking at me as I had also dressed myself as well as I could while Barry hurriedly donned his suite. He really needed another shower after all that activity! 

[End of Part 1] Please send me your comments especially if this made you cum.