 Do you know what? I've hardly introduced my family apart from telling you, in my first story that I'm Mike. So let's do that, so that you know who's who as we go on.

As I said, I'm Mike and I've recently turned 18. I'm 6'2" and weigh in at about 170 pounds. I used to be heavier and somewhat unfit, but then I got this job I'm doing now, as a fitness trainer and I've followed my own regime and first of all I lost quite a bit of weight, then I gained loads of muscles and gained weight again! Sort of win, lose, win, lose!

So now I look good in my opinion. I keep my light brown hair pretty short (easier to keep tidy!) but I do have a moustache – just for decorative purposes.

I've got blue eyes, rather deep set and mum says I've got good lips! What she meant by that I don't really know....

My 'side-line' in computer programming is because I was something of a loner because of my shortcoming (i.e., my chopped off cock) and so I became a bit of a nerd. Quite useful skill that I might make use of later on life, I reckon.

My sister Sharon is 24, coming on 25. She left home a while ago having had a small win on the lottery. With it, she bought her own house and then opted to go to university rather than work. Don't blame her! She'll probably get married as soon as she completes her course – she's into CAD work (computer aided design).

She's 5'6" and I've no idea what she weighs! I'd guess she's around 126 pounds (9 stone). She's got off-the-shoulder hair, which she dyes all different colours and she changes her style quite regularly I think. She too has blue eyes and lovely plump lips that I've always wanted to kiss. I've always been envious of her boyfriends – well, jealous, really.

She's also got a great pair of tits that I've always wanted to play with! I've only seen flashes of her bare flesh – never enough – but enough to give me happy memories and dreams. I'd guess she's about the same size as mum (36D) but they might be a bit less because she's a bit slimmer than mum.

Mum is great! She's Angela – Angie usually or Angel, as my dad calls her. She's 37 this year. I've always loved her dearly – although never the way things have turned out. She too is 5'6" and I sometimes wonder if she copies my sister or the other way round, because they often look very similar. Hence I can't tell you what colour her hair is because it keeps changing. Mum's eyes are quite dark though, very 'come-to-bed' eyes, my mates used to tell me, and I agree – her eyes are warm and friendly, as is her smile. Years of telling my sister and I to do as we're told, has made her lips a bit thinner, but her mouth is very sensual regardless. 

In my 'horny' opinion, her best assets are her nipples! They're always very prominent, even through a bra and jumper....and in a bikini, they're something else! Mind you, she's got a really shapely bum and long slim legs too – but I'm a tit man, so they don't count!

Dad is Dave. 'Best Dad in the World' would suit him most of the time, but his work takes him away from home too often, so I'd knock 10 points off his card for that. But he's super and obviously loves his family. He's just turned the big 4.0. so there some grey hairs to be seen among the light brown ones and some wrinkles but he still acts young and he's fit too – has to be or he'd find his work regime rather heavy. He's the Sales Director for an industrial manufacturer, so he has to oversee and train his managers, run his own elite territory and spend too much time at Head Office. He's about my height or just under and I'd guess he weighs much the same as I do. Let's put it this way, we can swap clothes in an emergency and they fit ok. He's the one who gave us kids the blue eyes – I guess he's got strong genes!

And that's us. If anyone else comes into the story I'll try to tell you about them, but I'm terrible when it comes to saying how someone looks. My mum can describe someone she only met once ten years ago – in detail. Me? I have trouble remembering what I look like!

Oh – and another thought..... My stories will move from one erotic event to another, from gay to incest, from group to singles – and probably back again – and I might even mention some other of my erotic adventures. So, if I were you, I'd read my stories from the start – you'll understand things better then. Might even enjoy things more too!

And a final thought...... I live in England and I'm British, so I use words like arse and bum. So, for my stories, I intend to write as I might speak – so please don't be offended. I'm sure you can 'translate' mentally and ignore my idiosyncrasies! 

Back to the story......

To my extreme displeasure, dad phoned in the next day to say that his trip was being cut short and he'd be back inside 24 hours. Mum was obviously happy while I was somewhat gloomy as I knew that my supply of cunt was now about to be cut off. Damn! Before he got home, I tried to get into mum's knickers but she rebuffed me – she was off limits now, even if she was still a MILF to me!

When dad got home, we were a happy family together. I used to get on really well with both my parents and my sudden intimacy with my mother notwithstanding, nothing otherwise had changed. We all sat down to dinner that evening – mum and dad discussed his trip – dad asked me how my work was – we chewed the fat....and all was as it was before. 

I somehow expected mum to mention my computer enhancement but she didn't, thank heavens and before long, dad announced that he'd like an early night, so mum said she'd join him – and that was that. I didn't even bother to listen at their door, because I just knew that dad would be fucking mum, and I'd be jealous.

I headed to my room and decided that I needed a wank. I stripped and immediately my cock rose, knowing that it was about to be the centre of attention. I lay out on the bed and considered my options. I could just plain wank and cum – or I could use my remote control to make things that bit more interesting.

There was no contest – the remote won, hands down!

Reaching for it, I pondered about which buttons to press. And for some reason I pressed the button that changed my mood....I hadn't tried that before.....I pressed it twice actually.

And wow! Suddenly I kind of fell in love with myself! I found myself realising that I had a great body – nice firm muscles, slim but muscular limbs and a tight round bottom.....not to mention a decent sized cock! I caressed myself wantonly. I tweaked my nipples, making them tight and hard. I smoothed my hands over my thighs and abdomen and then moved round to my arse. I squeezed each buttock and pulled them apart, to run my fingers across my arsehole.

My cock was already tightly hard – already oozing precum and already throbbing with its need to 'do its stuff'.

But something was missing.....I was alone and somehow I needed another cock!

'I know', I thought to myself, 'my sister's got a vibrator. It's a sex toy – might be classed as another cock. I'll see if it's any use. Bet it's still in her drawer.'

Thinking of my sister's vibrator made me think of her – I missed her being around; perhaps because I now missed seeing flashes of various parts of her rather pretty anatomy. My sister was living away, but my parents kept her room 'as was' so that she had a place to use any time she chose to visit. Handy, because I naturally knew the contents of every drawer! It hadn't been so much that I fancied my sister; it was just that her gorgeous feminine clothes and undies (well, mainly the undies – obviously!) were such a turn-on. But even so, sex hadn't been high on my list of activities, due to the neural connections to my transplanted cock not functioning too well. 

But now.....firstly my new computer controlled cock worked VERY well and secondly I'd become well and truly attuned to female flesh by my mother's body. 'From now' I said to myself, 'target number two is my sister. If she's half as good as mum, I'm laughing.'

Then suddenly a vision of a rampantly erect Paul flashed before my eyes – almost as if my enhanced mind said to me 'hey, you're gay today, now you've pressed that button – forget the women!'

I shook my head to clear the strange memories......

I got up; pulled my shorts on to hide my hard on and opened my door. All was well. I could hear assorted sexual noises from my parent's bedroom – grunts, cries and moans and the bed head bumping against the wall....they were obviously enjoying themselves....and I crossed the landing to my sister's room.

There I pulled open a drawer in her chest of drawers – and there it was, under some jumpers – a smooth silver elongated bullet. I picked it up and turned the end. Immediately it started vibrating and buzzing quietly – great – the batteries were good! I turned it off again.

I shut the drawer, left her room and re-entered mine. I dropped my shorts and jumped back on the bed to lie on my back. My cock once again immediately rose to the occasion – not that it had completely relaxed while I was finding the toy – it seemed to know damn well that once I lay on my bed, it would be needed! 

But what to do with the vibrator? "You aint gonna suck it!" I said to myself, chuckling. My enhanced mental state seemed to tell me – I needed that vibrator inside me, for some reason. And it was almost as if I was in two minds. One part was saying 'this is good – keep going!' while the other part was saying 'stop being dirty!'

'Weird', I thought, but I could feel my sphincter muscles kind of almost automatically squeezing and pulsing and then for some reason I considered the idea of putting the vibrator up my hole. 'Bugger off!' one part of me thought while the other part almost hummed!

I ran the buzzing vibrator over my cock. Oh yes – it gave me some good sensations – yeah, I too though "good, good, good, good vibrations!" – but it wasn't enough.

So what did I want to do with it?

I moved it downwards and it sort of tickled my balls (one real, one artificial) but the closer I got to my arsehole, the better it felt. I rubbed the tip almost inside my hole and was rewarded with a strange feeling that my arsehole was opening up by itself, to accept the steely tool. But even so, when I pushed it in a bit, it didn't want to go – it kept sticking against my puckered flesh.

I pondered my next move and found myself thinking of the bottle of baby lotion (great stuff for so many uses!) in my bedside locker. I reached for the drawer – opened it, and found the squeezy bottle. I squeezed some of the lotion onto the vibrator and aimed it at my arsehole. I missed at first, which allowed the lotion to coat my hole – and then I found it – and I pushed the vibrator slowly inside! 

Oh My God!! What the fuck had I uncovered? 

Immediately my hole spasmed and tightened; my cock did much the same and a bolt of pleasure shot through me. There was a ring of muscles that didn't want to give way....and then the now slippery vibrator passed the portal and slid inside me. I pushed the vibrator further inside and the feelings changed. I was being penetrated in a way I'd never imagined, but it felt absolutely great!

My cock had started to throb – it appreciated the action and wanted to join in! I began wanking it in time with my hand moving the vibrator in and out and it wasn't very long at all before I found myself on the verge of an orgasm. This was incredible – not only were the added feelings from the vibrator in my arse fucking good; they were also making me come in record time!

The feelings were too good to slow down – right now I just wanted to come – hard. I moved both hands a bit faster and I found myself raising my bum in the air, seemingly to allow deeper penetration by the vibrator. I pushed it in until there was just an inch or so of the perhaps 6" long silver bullet outside – just enough to hold onto, and I twisted the vibrator around inside me.

'Oh shit – I can't believe this,' I thought, almost out loud, 'why didn't I do this before?'

One more thrust with the vibrator – one more up and down stroke with my hand and I erupted – and I mean erupted! 

I don't think I'd ever come so hard since I'd wanked with my controls set to give me a huge, highly sensitive cock. Again, the first splash of cum juice shot past my head and hit the wall behind. And again, the second jet – the biggest load – fired straight at my face! I saw it coming but couldn't get my mouth in line and it sprayed up my cheek. The next load slammed into my chin; my fourth eruption sprayed up to my neck and the remainder splattered and dribbled down on my chest and belly.

I lay back panting and slowly removed the vibrator from my arsehole – thank heavens it came out clean! I felt that some part of me was missing once it was out and I just knew that I'd have to do this again – and again!

With my fingers I cleared up the various puddles and splashes of cum that littered my body. What I couldn't clear up I smeared all over my skin, making me erotically slick and yet sticky. I'd need a shower before I went out though! I left collecting the blob on my face until last, because it was slowly oozing down into my mouth anyway, and every time I licked around outside my mouth, I found a bit more to relish....but eventually I just had to ensure that I savoured it all.

As I lay there in the after-glow, I remembered the controller. 'Better not stay in 'enhanced' mode to long' I thought. I found it and located the 'default' button and pressed it. Immediately a picture of mum, spread-eagled naked on my bed flashed before me and my cock lurched - upwards! Oh right – I was back to normal now!

Over the next week or so, things generally returned to completely normal – boringly so!

Work had to be done. Dad continued to work, mainly from home. Mum continued to sunbathe and generally show off her body and I continued to wank.

If there was a good comment to make about this period it was that I could now wank and cum without any problems. The computer had now integrated with my bodily system and it was now making everything work the way it was supposed to. Once again I thanked my surgeons and the computer wizard who'd made this possible.

And then, before I knew it, it was time to visit Paul at the hospital again.

Once again I went by myself – I very definitely DID NOT want my parents (not even my now sex-partner, my mum) to know what might happen inside that office!

Paul was ready for me – arms open wide as I entered.

"Hi Mike – so glad to see you again.....how's things?" He said as we hugged together just as I heard the automatic door lock click shut.

"Great" I said, "Oh, just great! I'm SO happy with what you've done. I can't believe what I was missing."

"Well, come and sit down and tell me about it then," said Paul as we disengaged. "Sit on the couch where you did last time."

I crossed the room and sat down.

"Ok" said Paul, "Where do you want to start?"

"Eh" I exclaimed.....

"Go from where you left this place last time, but try to just tell me the bits that involved your new cock," he said, "I've got to document all this to justify the cost of keeping me, so let it roll."

"How long have I got?" I questioned.

"As long as you need," said Paul. "This session is booked to be longer because we've gone on from getting you up and running and now we're exploring how to make things work – how the computer is integrating seamlessly with your system and how you're able to make use of it.

Don't forget, this whole 'thing' is about your cock. You're the first of many, I'd like to think, to benefit from our work, so, as I said, spill it!"

"Ummm. Errrrr. Whe...wha...how...! Oh fuck – what do I tell you? How much do you want to know?" I asked, somewhat like the uncertain teenager who first entered his doors.

Paul stood up before me and put his hands on my shoulders. "Mike," he said, "We did a lot of things together last time and I thought you'd be able to open up to me. I need all your help – without your feedback I might not be working here next year....so come on, let it all hang out. I've no scruples about the 'who' part – all I really care about is 'did my computer do its job properly' and how can I improve its workings? Get it?"

I got it!

"Ok Paul, you asked for it, you'll get it" I said, "No frills but I'll tell you everything that's happened that's involved my cock. Is that what you want?"

"Yep – on the button," said Paul, "And bear in mind that you're just 'patient A' or something – totally anonymous. If you name someone I'll remove the name from my records – I'll even remove any words that may suggest an inappropriate conjuncture."

So I told him just about everything that had happened – all of my love trysts with my mum and my wank sessions with the vibrator – even my thoughts about my sister. I felt that I was being disloyal to mum but I accepted that he'd keep things anonymous and that what was said was to remain between him and me.

Paul told me that he wasn't surprised that I'd bedded my mum because he knew damn well the power of the computer – how it would, or could, turn me from a rampant stag to a subservient poof – and back, if I so chose.....and for a while he battered his computer keyboard, entering all kinds of data – which in turn would be used to provide a better link between my body and my mini-computer, to further enhance my sex life.

Soon he finished and moved his chair until we were fairly close together, facing each other.

"Today, I want to test your computer a bit further," he said. "You're giving me a lot of good feedback that's teaching it how you and your body function best and the time is coming to make it stretch out. So are you ready?"

"Sure thing," I said, happily.

"Right – good. First thing is to find out if it can remember. Last time we were together here, we had some brilliant sex, didn't we? Now, does your computer remember it in detail? "

So saying, he punched a few buttons on his machine, and suddenly, before my eyes but in my brain, I saw what must have been a high speed rerun of my sexual exploration and pleasures with him. 

Almost instantly I was erect! I mean, wow, I had NO control over that – it just happened!

Paul chuckled and he could see my hard on pushing against the fabric of my shorts. "Good – well, that works.... So, which controls haven't we yet tried?"

"I've had a go at most of them," I said, except the ones you deactivated. "I even tried to make my cock thinner – hated it! Pencil dick I called it!"

"Ah – but there's a use for everything," said Paul, "and if the worse comes to the worse and the button never gets used, I can probably assign another use to it. But wait and see.....I might well have got the buttons right."

"Ok" said Paul, "let's get the other buttons into use." He turned and tapped around on his keyboard and then turned back to me. "First thing – you'd better get undressed again, because I'll want to run all those tests again."

"Oh yeah!" I said, "You just like to see me with my clothes off, don't you? I reckon you fancy my body!" I stood up and began to remove my assorted clothes and soon I was naked before him – again.

Paul laughed at my comment but recovered. "Well, to be quite honest, the answer is 'yes' – your body does turn me on – it looks good; your muscles are well defined; your shape is excellent and your penis is ideal. And when you get an erection I just find myself having to join in, more or less."

His words of sexual flattery went straight to my cock – and in moments it stood hard and erect again, although, to be honest, it never took much to make my cock hard these days.

"Hey – I like it!" said Paul. "I was going to ask you to get erect but now you're thinking for me! What I want to do is to repeat the measurements and tests to see how things are going on. So, first off – where's my tape.....got it – I need to measure you."
