 I’m Mike and I’ve recently turned 18.  I’m 6’2” and weigh in at about 170 pounds.  I used to be heavier and somewhat unfit, but then I got this job I’m doing now, as a fitness trainer and I’ve followed my own regime and first of all I lost quite a bit of weight, then I gained loads of muscles and gained weight again! Sort of win, lose, win, lose!
So now I look good in my opinion. I keep my light brown hair pretty short (easier to keep tidy!) but I do have a moustache – just for decorative purposes.
I’ve got blue eyes, rather deep set and mum says I’ve got good lips! What she meant by that I don’t really know....!
Once a loner, now a sex magnet, it seems! Lost half my little willie when I was 6 and had a donor organ grafted in place of mine last year. It’s complete with a micro-computer in a sack to resemble a testicle and there are multiple electrodes from it to various parts of my genitals. Hence a bionic cock – complete with remote control!

Dad is Dave. ‘Best Dad in the World’ would suit him most of the time, but his work takes him away from home too often, so I’d knock 10 points off his card for that.  But he’s super and obviously loves his family.  He’s just turned the big 4.0. so there some grey hairs to be seen among the light brown ones and some wrinkles but he still acts young and he’s fit too. He’s got some lovely chest muscles and good strong arms from working out.  He’s about my height or just under and I’d guess he weighs much the same as I do. Let’s put it this way, we can swap clothes in an emergency and they fit ok. He’s the one who gave us kids the blue eyes – I guess he’s got strong genes!

The time had come for my third visit to the hospital where I’d be seeing Paul again but this time I wasn’t so shy!  And, what’s more, because my visit happened to coincide with his holiday break, dad decided to come along with me – partially to act as taxi driver and partially because he was completely curious about what they’d done to me and my bionic cock.
My appointment was at 10:30 and Paul was waiting for us as we arrived in his corner of the hospital.
“Welcome back, Mike – and this must be your dad,” said Paul, “the resemblance is striking.”
I introduced dad who told Paul to call him Dave and we all trouped off to his office where Paul pulled up an extra chair for dad – my seat being on the examination couch.

“So how’s it all been going?” asked Paul, “no problems I hope?”
So I told him – not in too much detail – about my experiences with my penis – omitting who I’d had sex with but more concentrating on how my penis had behaved, while Paul battered away at his keyboard, making copious notes, no doubt.
“So, we’ve done a good job then?” he asked.
“Brilliant!” I exclaimed, “Way beyond what I could have expected.”
“Ok – that’s excellent then.  Right, now I want to check you out, so I’ll need to get you to strip off as you did last time so I can stick those electrodes all over you....so is that ok? Oh – and can I have your remote control – I hope you remembered to bring it with you,” he asked.
“Never leaves me!” I said, “It’s too valuable to me!”

No problem – even with dad sitting there watching everything!
No problem – even though my cock had already woken up to see what was happening!
No problem – even as I handed over the remote, because it immediately made me think of my last visit!

I undressed; dumping my few clothes on another chair; then sat down and lay back on the couch.
“Here goes,” said Paul, coming to me with an armful of stickers and cables.  One by one he attached the sticky electrodes to me, saving the one to go on my penis until last.  And when he touched my cock, it jumped and immediately throbbed into full erection!
Mike looked at it carefully and professionally.
“Hmmmm, looks as if it’s grown a little bit.....that’s great news!” he said, “Find out in a bit when I measure him.”
He sat down and turned again to his computer where he did some work for a little while.  I glanced up to look at dad and immediately saw two things.  Firstly, dad’s eyes were glued to my cock and secondly, his own penis was lifting the material of his trousers.
‘Oh fuck,’ I thought, chuckling inside, ‘this is going to get interesting!’

Paul finished and returned to me.
“Right Mike, you’ll feel some tingling and possibly some buzzing and you might even feel a bit light-headed for a while but it’ll pass.  I’m just going to connect to your micro-computer and download the data – then I’ll be ready.  Be patient, please.”
He returned to his machine and soon I did indeed feel some light buzzing....and the tingles were lovely because they caused my cock to quiver and I felt some strange feelings in my brain (or somewhere connected to it) – and then it all stopped.
“Job done!” said Paul, “Now here comes one of the interesting bits – let’s see if I’ve been able to capture your memory,” and he tapped some more keys......

Immediately I began to see, in my mind’s eye, a rerun of presumably all of my sexual activity over the past couple of weeks – greatly speeded up of course – but clearly identifiable.
And an immediate outcome of the rerun was that, with no prompting from me – not even a touch, my throbbingly erect cock lurched; jumped and began to squirt a massive fountain of spunk – not just once but twice, three times and even a fourth time in rapid succession!
“Oh my god!” I cried as I felt things happening beyond my control, “Oh fuck! Oh shiiiit – oh yeahhhhh!”
Since I was reclining, the eruptions sprayed my spunk up my body and even over my head, to splatter on the floor beyond the couch! The first gout of cum was the heaviest and it had spread itself as it landed, from my waist right up to my neck.  Would I have dared to swallow my sperm in front of dad AND Paul if it had have landed on my mouth?  Guess I would, this time!
“Aaaah! Aaaaaagh! Aaaaaaaaah!” I cried, “Fuckin’ hell!”
“Sorry – sorry – sorry,” said Paul, not looking at all sorry really, “Here’s some tissues – I’ll clean the floor later.”
“Jesus – that wasn’t fair!” I said, “I feel like a performing seal or something! Or one of Pavlov’s dogs!”
“Just testing,” said Paul placidly, “and obviously the test was fine – total recall, as they say!”

Suddenly dad interrupted things.
“Paul,” he said as he leaned closer and closer to me, “Mikey’s told me about what’s happened here before, but don’t worry....I’m happy!  So, since we’re bound to enjoy some nice hot sex while I’m here, if there’s time, would you mind if I licked that up instead of using tissues?”
Paul looked shocked for a moment but soon recovered his equilibrium. 
“That’d be great!” he said, “Good start, I reckon; break the ice!”
Dad just gave Paul the thumbs up and dived at my body – his tongue virtually hanging out.  And soon he used it to good effect, gathering up all the generous globs of spunk that were littering my body.
Once he’d cleaned me up, right up to my chin, he returned to the source of the emissions and, taking it in his mouth, he sucked my somewhat slack penis clean.
“Ooooooh dad, don’t do that too much – I’ll get hard again!” I said and dad grinned at me.
Paul also laughed as he held up a tape measure....
“Dave – keep going!” he chortled, “That was the next thing I wanted – Mike to have an erection so I could measure him....so give him a good suck!”
And he did just that and it wasn’t all that long before I lay there as before, with my newly polished erection standing proud.  Dad sat back, licking his lips and rubbing his hand over his swelling penis – but his time hadn’t come yet.

“Why didn’t you measure me before, then?” I asked Paul, somewhat mystified.
“Didn’t exactly have time, did I?” said Paul, “You’d shot off so quickly – I’d forgotten how hair-triggered you youngsters can be!”
But, with dad’s ministrations my penis was now in an excited state again. In a funny way it actually now seemed harder – perhaps the previous erection had been more computer controlled than mind controlled....but whatever, he was up and ready!
“Ok” said Paul, “Let’s check you over.  Right – length......hmmmm, near as damn it, 22.5 centimetres – that’s getting on for 9 inches.  Circumference, let’s see.....17.5 centimetres round.....that’s about 7 inches.  He’s getting to be quite a big lad, isn’t he?!”
Dad answered.
“Fucking right he is! I had him the other night and I wanked him as I fucked him and his cock really felt great. Not just hard and stiff but a bloody good size too.”
“Ah yes,” said Paul, looking at his computer, “So you did.  Has he fucked you yet?”
“No,” said dad, eyeing my cock again, “but I’ve a feeling it’ll happen soon!”
Paul chuckled.  “Probably!”

Then back to business...... as Paul pressed buttons on the remote.
I watched my cock extend and expand and before long I was laying there with what looked like, from my angle, to be an absolute monstrosity!  It almost towered up from groin and would have made me feel totally inadequate, had it not been attached to me!
“That’s great!” said Paul, advancing with his tape again, “That’s on full blast.  More measurements.”
“Length now 26.5 centimetres,” he said, presumably to his computer, “Thickness – ummmm – call it 19 centimetres. That’s near as heck just about 10 and a half inches long and 7.5 inches around....fuck me!”

Paul sat back and looked at me and then, picking up the remote control, he pressed the ‘default’ button and I felt and saw my penis return to its normal size.  My cock now lay there looking a bit lost so I wrapped my fist around it and in moments my erection returned and I could swear that he looked better now he had a bit of attention!
“All your activity has been fed back to the computer and, just like before, it’s making changes to you to suit your requirements.  Here, I can’t see or tell who you’ve been fucking but it shows when you’ve used the controls, so the computer has enhanced those controls you use most often.  So, basically, lucky you!”
He laughed and dad had a chuckle too as he heard his words.
“And, believe it or not, that’s about all I need to get off you, Mike.....so having booked a two hour slot for you and we’ve only used up about, let’s see, twenty minutes, what’ll we do with the rest of the time?”
“Any suggestions?” he asked generally.

I started things going.
“Well, I’m lying here with an erection – dad’s got one too and I bet you have as well, so could we all get undressed, so I don’t feel so weird and then we might have time for some play,” I said, as I slowly ran my fingers up and down my cock.
“Sounds like a promising start; then where do we go?  Let’s see – you and I have fucked and you’ve had your dad up you – so there’s still you to take your dad.....and me to have fun with him too!” said Paul, dropping his clothes on his chair.  His erection stood stiff and proud – as did dad’s, which he too now revealed – both cocks with their foreskins partially peeled back.
Now he was stripped off, I took another look at Paul. I’d originally guessed that he was about 30 and I was sticking to it. He was still clean-shaven, slim and healthy-looking and perhaps an inch taller than me, so we made a nice trio – me around 20, Paul around 30 and dad at 40.
Dad was the first to make a comment or suggestion.
“Paul,” he started, “I’ve fucked Mikey, as you said, but his is the only arsehole I’ve had in years, so could I try yours? You can suck Mikey.  I’m bound to come quickly because I’ve been excited about this meeting all morning – then Mikey’s cock, because he’ll take longer to come, I hope, will be ready to fuck you or me.  How’s that sound?”
“Fine by me!” said Paul, rummaging in a drawer, “Ah – here you are – some KY jelly – don’t be tight with it!”

Dad took the tube and squeezed out a generous glob which he spread all over his cock.  He looked bloody lovely – his nice big erection was so tempting that I almost offered my arse to him!
Paul, in the meanwhile had taken my place on the couch and was laying on his back with his legs spread wide and hitched up in a pair of stirrups that he’d hinged up from below the couch.
Dad groaned quietly lustfully and moved to kneel on the couch, his gel-smeared erection leading the way.
“You ready, Paul,” he said, his cock just a cock length from Paul’s hole.
“Yeahhhhh Dave!” he said, chuckling, “Come on in!”
Meanwhile, I’d stepped over to be alongside Paul’s face – and now Paul was just a few inches away from being spit-roasted by father and son!

I watched as dad leaned down over Paul and, adjusting the angle of his hips, he introduced his penis to Paul’s eager arsehole.
“Hooooooo!” said dad, exhaling, “Lovely and tight – and so hot!”
And under him, Paul let out a groan and then a brief cry of pain – and then a long sigh of pleasure.
“Oooooooo – Dave – that’s lovely! That feels so good – oooooh, filled up!” said Paul as dad thrust slowly but firmly deep inside his hole.
“I can feel you right up inside me!”
“Doing alright?” asked dad as he continued to slowly move in and out.
“Yeah, fine – all ok – feels good. Come on then, fuck me now!”
“Ok if I up the tempo a bit?” asked dad, moving a bit faster in and out.
“Yeah, yeah, come on then, give me some more!” said Paul, as he grasped his own erection and began wanking, “fill me up.”

“Hey – how about me filling you up too?” I asked, waving my cock around.
“Oh Mike, sorry – been too busy!” said Paul, “Come here then – let me suck you off.”
I shuffled forward and Paul allowed my rigid erection to slide between his lips.  He kept them tight around my crown, almost making me imagine that I was penetrating his arse – and only after my knob was embedded did he slacken off, allowing my penis to slide to the back of his mouth.
Paul started humming around my cock and an immediate thought crossed my mind.
‘He sounds just like my sister when she’s sucking!’ and he did – it was a contented, happy hum that also sent little vibrations through my penis.
Now we were connected, Paul started to move his head back and forward and I began to gently thrust my cock into his mouth, where he continued sucking at my cock and sliding his tongue over and around my knob and shaft.

We were all silent at the moment – all engrossed in our various sexual activities – all I could hear were assorted sucking and moist slapping noises as cocks were moved in and out of orifices; testicles and buttocks were slammed together – and as Paul wanked his erection.
Gradually, just gradually, the sounds grew stronger and louder as we all neared our climaxes.  Dad was the first to get there, encouraged by watching Paul play with his own cock, me driving my cock into Paul’s mouth and Paul’s nice tight arsehole around dad’s cock.  I heard his breathing quicken and become more shallow – panting with exertion.
“Gonna fill you, Paul!” said dad, thrusting ever harder, “Gonna fill you with all my sperm! Coming up – can feel it coming.....little longer....”
Dad was banging away and Paul’s own cock couldn’t take any more sensations.
Uttering only a long drawn-out “oooooooooooo”, Paul bucked his hips and a great stream of spunk erupted from his rigid tool, to splat down wetly onto his face and my penis.  His second pulse threw another gout of sperm almost as far – it splattered onto his chest; a third followed, dampening his abdomen and then all that was left were dribbles down his shaft.

As Paul came off, his arsehole tightened around dad’s piston and I wouldn’t have been unduly surprised to see steam rising from their groins, judging from the rate dad was pounding him.
“Fuuuuuck – you’re tight now!” said dad, still banging away, “that’s good – here it comes! Here it comes! Uuuuuugh! Uuuuuugh! Yeahhhh!”
I saw dad stop – well, freeze really – as his orgasm used up all his senses; then he thrust hard, once, twice, three times and a fourth time.....then I saw a shiver go through dad as his orgasm unwound and let him unfreeze.
Paul must have felt dad unloading inside him because I saw his cock jerk almost back to an erection as dad came.....then slowly deflate and collapse.
But Paul hadn’t finished – he was still sucking me hard, winding his tongue around my cock; squeezing the shaft and titivating my knob; doing his best to bring me off.

But, as Paul presumably well knew, my donor penis didn’t work at one hundred per cent – it often needed help to achieve orgasm.....from my built-in computer.
I saw Paul reaching around to try to find my remote control – but it was on his desk.
“Dave,” said Paul, “Get his remote and add some stimulation.”
“Sure,” said dad, picking the thing up, “Hmmmmm, which button?”
“Top right” said Paul and I soon felt something happening.....I was growing, longer and longer!
“Oh fuck,” said Paul though a large mouthful of newly-extended cock, “I mean top right on the left bank of buttons!”
“Oh bollocks!” said dad, “sorry – try again!”
And this time he did find the right button, which he held down!

Immediately I felt those well-known quivers and shakes that heralded an orgasm!  Dad had overdone the stimulation – because in seconds I felt my cock jerk and pulse – and suddenly Paul was almost choking on a huge mouthful of my cum!
“Uuuuughhhh! Ooooooh – ooooooh – Uuuuuugh!” groaned Paul as successive gouts of my spunk filled his mouth to full and then to overflowing.  He swallowed his mouthful, losing a stream of thick white spunk that ran down his cheek; then my cock spat yet another huge glob of sperm; and another....but that was the lot!  My cock was empty – not even a dribble remained!
Paul opened his mouth to show me what he still had left, before closing it and swallowing his second mouthful, this time with a big smile on his face.

“Oh shit, that was good – a really good one!” I said as I stropped my cock to remove any last vestiges of cum.
“Fucking near drowned me!” said Paul, smiling, “That was one hell of a load!  Tasted nice and sweet too – what did you have for breakfast?”
“Just some pineapple juice,” I said, “Why?”
“Because your sperm will carry the sweetness or sharpness of what you’ve recently eaten or drunk.....and pineapple juice is excellent for doing that,” said Paul.
“Hmmmm,” I considered, “wonder if dad knew that?  He always drinks pineapple juice at breakfast time.”
Dad wasn’t answering because he was now licking and sucking up all of Paul’s spunk that he’d so generously sprayed up his body. From where I was, could see that dad’s cock had come out of Paul’s arse and was hanging, fairly limp, between his legs.  I longed to go and suck it clean of his and Paul’s juices......
Paul groaned as dad worked his way up and across one of his nipples and then, as dad worked further up, their faces met and their lips collided and they kissed, sharing bodily fluids generously.

Knackered for now, I collapsed back into the spare chair; my somewhat enlarged, still partially erect cock in my lap.  I watched as dad and Paul swapped spit and sperm before they parted and we all began to return to some degree of normality. For now!
“Wow!” said Paul, “This was supposed to be a follow-up visit by Mike to check his computer – and it’s turned out into something quite different.  Talk about a good fuck – that was excellent!”
Dad was now sitting at the foot of the couch, still rubbing his cock, which was still seemingly erect.
“Ain’t you had enough, dad?” I asked him, somewhat flippantly. 
“Yes and no – It was great to fuck Paul but there’s one bit of fucking that’s still missing.”
“Oh yes – what’s that” said Paul.
“I want my son to fuck my arse!” said dad, looking at me, “I want Mikey inside me! And I want to use the remote control when he does!”

I need hardly say that my cock leapt to attention immediately!   I soon followed it upwards, to stand near to dad.  He reached out and grasped my cock – his hand on my penis felt so different – so erotic – so enticing!  I pushed my hips forward, fucking his hand for a while, but that wasn’t what dad wanted.
