 My neighbor Mike is a good friend of mine. We often hang out, play basketball and watch football on Sundays. I am married and my wife likes Mike so we all get along fine, but Mike and I are closer friends. Mike is 34 years old and is a big guy. He is about 6 foot 3 and weighs about 225 pounds and very Black. He used to play football in college and is still in great shape. 

I am athletic but not as athletic as Mike. I am white, 40 years old, 5 foot 11 and weigh 185 pounds. I guess back from his college days Mike has gotten use to having a masseuse come over to his house once a week and rubbing him down. Usually we time it just right after we play basketball, the masseuse arrives and I leave so Mike can relax and get his massage.

One particular day, just as we finished playing basketball Mike gets a call.

“Damn, man the girl can’t make it tonight.”

“Sorry dude.”

“Shit Dave I’ve been looking forward to it all day.”

“Oh well, I guess you will have to wait until next week.”

“Man that is way too long. Hey what about you. Michelle says you give her wicked massages.”

“No way man. I only do my wife.”

“Come on what’s the big deal. A muscle is a muscle and I will pay you what I pay my masseuse.”

“How much?”

“75 bucks.”

“Shit for 75 bucks I will massage your ass.”

We both burst out laughing. Mike knew that I would do anything for money. I followed Mike into his house and into the bedroom. 

“Well I don’t have a massage table, she always brings that along, but I guess we can use the bed.”

“That’s fine.”

I watched Mike take his clothes off, I have never seen him completely nude and when he lowered those boxers, my jaw dropped. In front of me was the biggest cock I had ever seen. I was hanging down a good 7 inches, completely soft. I could only imagine how big it got.

Mike laid down on the bed and I went into the bathroom and retrieved some baby oil. I started to massage mike’s back. I must have been doing a good job because I could feel mike’s body just totally relax under my touch.

“Damn man your doing a better job than my regular girl. I might have to start paying you every week to massage me.”

“Hey you pay me I will massage you anytime you want.”

I grabbed more baby oil and started to massage Mike’s calves and I let my hands slide up and massage the back of his thighs. He is so muscular that I was getting aroused massaging him. I couldn’t understand it, I have always been straight, but here I am getting aroused by another guy. 

“Okay man all done,”

“What the fuck are you talking about? You haven’t massaged my Gluteus Maximus.”

“What the hell is that?”

“The biggest muscle on your body man, your ass.”

“I ain’t massaging your ass.”

“Then I ain’t paying you. She always massages my gluts. Damn man, don’t you know that is always part of the deal. Besides what is the fucking big deal? You’re not homo or anything you’re just massaging me.”

“Fine, but keep this between us, I feel funny doing this.”

“Don’t worry man, just you and me.”

I then poured a little oil on his ass and started to rub it in. Even though I put up a big stink deep down I wanted to massage his ass. I let both my hands work his big bubble butt. Rubbing them all over and in between his crack. I felt Mike open his legs a little so I could let my hands slip further down his crack. I was getting hard playing with mike’s ass.

Mike said; “Okay time for the front.” Mike flipped over, his cock was still soft, and it was hanging down. I poured oil on his chest and started to rub it in. I was rubbing Mike’s chest when I noticed his cock starting to grow. It was getting bigger and rising. Soon his cock was as hard as a rock and it was sitting on his stomach. I started to rub his stomach and I accidentally hit the top of his cock.

“Sorry man.”

“Don’t worry about it. I always get hard when I get a massage.”

I moved down to his legs and I saw Mike close his eyes. It gave me a perfect opportunity to take a good look at his cock. It was massive. His cock had grown to about 12 inches and as thick as a beer can. And what a beautiful mushroom head he had, I wanted to touch it. It was big, bold, black and beautiful and I wanted to feel it. 

I started to rub further up Mike’s thighs and he opened his legs for me. As I rubbed the inside of his legs, I accidentally brushed his balls and he left out a small moan.

”Okay dude all finished.”

“Wait Dave, if you massage my cock I will pay you an extra 50 bucks just like I do with the masseuse.”

“Shit man you can’t tell anyone.”

“I promise, I won’t.”

I poured oil on his cock and watched it dribble down the stem. I put one hand on his cock and lifted it off his stomach. It was so hard and hot. I saw Mike looking at my hand as I rubbed it up and down on his cock. I was hard; stroking Mike’s magnificent cock got me extremely horny. As I stroked it, my mind compared it to my own. I always thought I had a decent cock about 8 inches but feeling Mike’s cock made me realize just how much bigger his was than mine. 

“Oh Man that feels good.”

“Have to admit I am enjoying it too. I have never seen a cock this big.”

“Why don’t you get a closer look?”

“What do you mean?”

“Look I didn’t tell you before but I don’t pay that masseuse and extra 50 bucks I pay her an extra 100 when she blows me.”

“Dude I can’t do that.” I am saying this as I stroke his cock up and down.”

“Why not, look you already stroking it. What’s the difference if you just put it in your mouth?”

“There’s a big difference.”

“Come on man, try it, and lick just the head, if you don’t like it stop.”

“If you ever tell anyone I did this I will kill you.”

“Okay… okay already try it.”

I bent down, let my tongue out, and lightly lick the head. It was so strange to be licking a cock. I found I liked the feeling of his cock touching my lips, so I opened my mouth and let the head slide in. I felt Mike’s hand on the back of my head and he pushed down until I had half of his cock in my mouth.

“Come on suck my cock Dave.”

I was really getting into it; I was stroking the bottom part of his cock while I sucked the upper part. I loved the feel of his cock sliding in and out of my mouth. I swirled my tongue around the head and could feel every vein around it. I felt Mike’s legs tighten I knew he was close to cumming so is started to pull my face away but he kept his hand on the back of my head, keeping his cock in my mouth. Then it happened, I felt the first wave of cum shoot into my mouth. I started to gag but Mike made me suck all the cum out oh his cock. He kept cumming, until he drained his cock inside my mouth.

“Man you’re a good cocksucker. I loved cumming in your mouth.”

“Shit you son of a bith, I didn’t want you to cum in my mouth.”

“Sorry dude, it felt too good. Now get back down there and lick the rest of my cock. Lick it clean.”

“Fuck you, I ain’t doing it again.”

“Yes you are, you’re now my slut. See that camera up there. I filmed the whole thing. How would you like that pretty wife of yours seeing it?”

“You asshole.”

“Shut the fuck up, we both know you liked it. Now take your clothes off and lick my cock clean.”

I took off all my clothes. I had a raging hard on.

“You see I knew you liked it.” 

I bent down, took his soft cock into my mouth, and licked it all over. It was so different now, it was soft and spongy. Soon his cock started to grow. I loved sucking it, he was right. I was his cock slave, we both knew it. 

I was doing a good job on his cock, when he reached down and pulled it out of my mouth.

”Get on the bed.”

“Why?”

“Just do it.”

I got on the bed and he said. “Now sit on my cock. I am going to fuck you.”

I knew better than to resist besides deep down I wanted him to fuck me. I poured a bunch of oil on his cock and lowered my ass so his cock was touching my hole. I let his head slip into my outer ring. 

“Shit that fucking hurts.”

“Just relax the pain will go away.”

“Just don’t fucking move.”

“Don’t worry, we will go slowly. I plan to fuck you a lot more than just today. I want to make sure you enjoy it so next time you will be begging me to fuck you. I relaxed as best as I could and Mike was right. 

After a while, the pain disappeared and was replaced with a sensation of felling full. I lowered my ass a little more. More of his cock slipped in until I said, “ Fuck it.”

I dropped my ass down hard and fast until I bottomed out and I could feel his entire cock inside my ass. 

“OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH”

“You like that huh.”

“Oh god yes. I love the way your cock feels inside me.”

“I knew you would like it. From the moment we met, I knew one day I was going to fuck you. Now your mine anytime anywhere I want you. I am going to fuck you.” “Oh god yes, I love your cock, fuck me good. I was bouncing up and down on his cock enjoying every minute of it. His cock was hitting my prostate, which was sending me through the roof.

Mike lifted my ass off his cock and got up. 

“Come here.”

I followed him to the wall and he put my back to the wall and lifted me up. He lowered my ass on his cock. I wrapped my legs around him and he fucked my ass good. He drove his cock deep inside my body. Lowering my ass up and down on his cock. I held on for dear life as mike fucked me. 

“OH baby, your ass feels good. I am going to enjoy fucking you in front of your wife.”

“OH shit I don’t care what you do I want to feel your cum inside me.”

“Yes baby I am going to cum in you, and then we are going to go over to your house an I am going to fuck you in front of your wife, and then I am going to fuck her too.”

“Oh yes fuck me.”

“Yes baby, then after I fuck her I am going to fuck you again. I am going to turn the two of you into my personal fuck slaves.”

As Mike is talking I am picturing his big cock fucking my wife and it sends me over the edge and I explode all over Mike’s stomach. He looks at me and smiles and I feel his cock erupt inside my ass. His hot cum is searing the inside of my bowels. 

“Oh yesssssssssssss cum in me.”

He continues to spew more cum inside my ass. He lets my feet hit the floor but I am still impaled on his cock. 

“You like my cock in your ass don’t ya?

“Oh god yes I love it.”

He finally pulls out, grabs my hand, and pulls me into the shower. He pushed me down on my knees and says.

“Clean my cock and blow me again. I want you to get all my cum out so when I go and fuck your wife I will last even longer. Now be a good boy and blow me.”

I sucked mike’s cock again until he came inside my mouth once gain. We both got dressed and planned my wife’s seduction. But that is another story.

I would love to hear any feedback and please don’t forget to vote.