 All comments and criticism welcome. 

My Boss, My Master: 

Losing it

I kept up my office routine, even though I knew Mr. Compton was out of town and might not be back for the rest of the week. 

Each morning, I would stop in the lobby restroom, change into a pair of panties and then head to my office. I quickly found that I liked the feel of women's underwear against my skin. But with only three pairs to choose from, I knew I would soon be bored with what I had.

I took a long lunch on Wednesday and drove out to a mall on the opposite end of town from my home, in hopes that I would not run into anyone I knew.

I headed straight for the lingerie store, my heart thumping in my chest. I had only been browsing a few moments when the clerk approached, offering help. I managed to get out a halfway believable lie, telling her I was looking for a gift for my wife.

She showed me a few things, and didn't bat an eye when I "guessed" my wife would wear a large.

I quickly picked up a black lace thong, a red g-string that I hoped would cover my man clit and little else, a red stretch lace boyshort that looked very similar to ones my wife liked to wear, and a pair of black mesh bikinis.

I was ready to check out when a white lace thong caught my eye. I had to add add it to my stash.

I paid and got out of there, stopping in the men's room to change. The red g-string was theft most daring, and I wanted to feel the microfiber on my manhood and the tiny string in my crack.

They were snug, but not too uncomfortable. As I left the mall, I could feel the back string rubbing against my rosebud. By the time I got to my car, my cock was stiff and pushing against my panties. I squeezed myself through my pants on the drive back to the office, but I refrained from jerking off after I got back.

I tried to concentrate on work that afternoon, but every time I shifted in my chair, I could feel the g-string against my skin. I was just about to give in and lock myself in the bathroom for a quick jerk, when my office phone range.

It was Mr. Compton.

"Are you wearing your panties, Mitchell?" he asked.

I assured him I was and I told him of my lunchtime shopping trip. He seemed pleased.

"Are you wearing your new panties?" he asked.

When I told him I was, Mr. Compton wanted to see. He gave me an email address, instructed me to take a photo of myself and send it along immediately.

I happened to keep an inexpensive digital camera in my office, so I shut my door, quickly undressed, and tried to snap a photo that would please him. I tried a few poses, before settling on the one I liked best. 

Sitting in my chair, I put my feet on the desk and held the camera between my legs. With my knees spread wide, I was able to get a shot that showed off my panties best. 

But when I looked at it, something was missing. My dick had gone soft while I worked to get the best shot. I stroked myself to erection and took another snap. It was much better. My stiff little man clit stretched the panties, making them look even better.

I created a new yahoo account for myself and fired off the photo to Mr. Compton as instructed. But even as I did, my erection would not go away. I couldn't wait any longer.

I put my feet back on my desk and reached into my panties, gripping my cock.

As I stroked it, I thought of Mr. Compton taking my cherry. I let my other hand rub the thin string that runs along the crack of my ass. When my fingers brush against my rosebud, I shuddered and stifled a moan. 

It didn't take long and I filled my panties with cum, the white goo running down my shaft and matting to the landing strip I wear at my boss' command.

I grabbed the camera and took a few more shots, including one in which I pulled the g-string down far enough that my softening cock and the mess I'd made on myself were clearly visible.

I dressed after that, knowing that someone could knock and open my office door at any moment, exposing me to certain ridicule.

My phone rang again.

"You enjoy wearing your panties, don't you, Mitchell? They make you feel slutty, don't they?" Mr. Compton asked. "Is that why your little clit was sticking out?"

I admitted that I enjoyed my panties and confessed that I had touched myself after taking the photos.

"You are a dirty little slut, Mitchell," he said. "Isn't that what got you in trouble in the first place?"

He paused, but I didn't answer. We both knew the answer.

"Did you come?" he asked. "Are your little panties soiled?"

When I admitted that they were, his tone of voice became stern.

"Send me a photo. Now."

I did as instructed. A few seconds later, I could hear a chime in the background. I could hear his breath catch in his throat. I knew I had pleased him.

"That will be all, Mitchell," he said before the line went dead.

* * *

The next afternoon, I was working on a long, boring boilerplate brief in a land dispute case. A courier appeared at my door, dropped a package and was on his way.

I was so engrossed in my work that I didn't even look to see who it was from, let alone open it.

It was a couple of hours later before I examined the small box. While the recipient label was complete with my name and address, the sender's label simply read GC.

It had to be from Mr. Compton.

I tore open the box. Inside I found a white garter and stocking set and a note, which read "Virgins look best in white."

As I fondled the material, my office phone rang.

"I hope you like your gift," Mr. Compton said. "I will see you at 5 p.m. Friday at the Four Seasons downtown. The desk clerk will be expecting you."

When I got home, Amber wasn't thrilled to hear I'd be late getting home, especially on a Friday. At least until she learned that I was working late with the managing partner. Every lawyer's wife knows that the key to moving up the corporate ladder is getting noticed by the boss.

We went to bed that night, excited by Friday's prospects. But while Amber dreamt of the power and prestige a partnership in the firm would bring us, I could only think of sucking Mr. Compton's big dick until he was ready to fuck my virgin hole. 

* * * 

On Friday, I wore my white bikinis at work. I could hardly sit still. I could not wait for 5 to come. My dick was stiff at the thought of what was to come, so much so that I worried I would soak my panties through.

By 4:30, I could wait no longer. I put my garter, stockings and my white lace thong in my briefcase. Just as I was getting up to leave, my cell phone buzzed. It was Amber, calling to wish me luck with my big meeting with the boss.

If she only knew, I thought.

I made the 10 minute walk from our office to the hotel. As Mr. Compton had said, the clerk was ready for me. She handed me a keycard, directed me to the elevator and explained how to find the room.

My heart was pounding as I rode up. It seemed surreal that this was about to happen. I was about to be fucked by my boss.

I opened the door to find an empty suite. On the dresser was a note.

"I will join you shortly. Prepare yourself. -- GC"

I undressed, hanging my clothes in the closet. Once naked, I washed quickly with a washrag and touched up my smooth groin with a razor that was laying by the sink.

I slipped into my white lace thong and pulled the garter up around my waist. Getting the stockings on were tougher than I expected, but I managed to get them up and fastened to the garter. I liked the way the stockings hugged my legs, and walking in them made my dick twitch in my panties.

Walking back into the main room, I noticed the floor-to-ceiling Windows that afforded a panoramic view of downtown. I could see my own reflection in the glass as I stood there.

I liked the way I looked in the panties and stockings. I felt vulnerable and excited, sexy and a bit scared.

I ran my hands over my bottom, feeling the lace of my panties and the nylon of the stockings on my thighs. In my heart, I knew I was ready to completely submit to Mr. Compton. I wanted him to take me, use me for his pleasure and fill me with his seed. 

I as I stood there, running my hands over the pretty things I was wearing for him, I never touched my cock. But the rubbing and the thoughts in my head aroused me all the same. My man clit stiffened, pushing against the white lace.

I'm not sure how long I had been standing there when Mr. Compton opened the door and stepped into the room. 

I turned to greet him and his eyes roamed over my body.

"You started without me," he said, acknowledging the bulge in the front of my panties.

As I tried to apologise, he cut me off. 

"It is all right, Mitchell," he said. "It is good that the thought of taking a real man's cock deep inside you is arousing. You should excited at the chance to feel my dick push at your virgin hole."

I smiled at the thought. As Mr. Compton got undressed, he asked that I fix him a drink. Once naked, he sat on the couch in the suite's seating area. 

I brought him his drink and as he took the first sip, he motioned for me to turn around. 

"Bend over, Mitchell."

I complied, my pantied bottom jutting out toward his face. Mr. Compton let his fingers trace my garter before running his hands along the edge of my panties and my ass.

"These are pretty panties, Mitchell," he said. "They go well with the garter and stockings. Very alluring."

He let his hand run down my bottom and across the stocking to my knee. Slipping his hand between my knees, he ran his hand up over the tops of my stockings and between my legs until his hand was nestled between my cheeks.

When he touched my balls through my panties, I let out a little gasp.

"You are turning into a fine sissified little slut, Mitchell," he said. "Are you enjoying yourself?"

"Yes, sir."

"Excellent. Turn around, please."

I did as he asked, unashamedly showing him my the bulge in the front of my panties. I was not the only one aroused. Mr. Compton's big dick was standing at attention between his legs.

He spread his legs and scooted forward on the couch as I dropped to my knees in front of him. I leaned in and took as much of his cock into my mouth as I could, but never letting it touch my lips. When I could feel the head of his manhood pushing against the back of my throat, I closed my mouth around his dick and sucked in gently.

He moaned his approval as I held him as deep in my mouth as. I could while rolling my tongue along the underside of his shaft. 

I slowly released him from my mouth, allowing all bet the tip to slide from between my lips, before pushing back down on his dick.

"You are becoming a wonderful little cocksucker," he said as I worked him with my mouth. "I have been saving this load for you all week."

I dropped his shaft and kissed at his balls before using my tongue to massage them. After a few minutes, I ran my tongue along the underside of his cock, pinning his erection against his abdomen. A few strokes was all he could take before Mr. Compton pushed me away.

"That's enough of that," he said, as I stared at his glistening cock jutting from between his legs. "Are you ready, Mitchell?"

"Yes, sir."

"Tell me what you want."

"Please fuck me, sir," I said as I stared at the cock that would soon be in my bottom. "I want you take my cherry. Use my man pussy for your pleasure, sir. Please, fill me with your cum."

Mr. Compton smiled down at me.

"Excellent, Mitchell," he said. "Go into the bedroom and get on the bed on your hands and knees. I will join you in a minute."

I did as instructed, while Mr. Compton refilled his drink. Peering between my open knees, I could see he had his drink in one hand and a bottle of lube in the other as he stood at the end of the bed.

Sitting the lube bottle beside me, Mr. Compton ran his hands over my pantied bottom and down the backs of my stocking-covered legs. As he caressed me, I watched his dick sway back and forth, knowing it would soon be inside me.

He pulled the lacy back of my white thong to the side and ran his finger down my crack to my rosebud. I couldn't help but moan.

"I think you want to be fucked as badly as I want to fuck you," he said.

Mr. Compton ran his hand between my legs and across the front of my panties. My man clit stiffened to his touch. 

"It's important you be aroused," he said. "It will make penetration much easier for you."

He applied some lube to his fingers and massaged my hole, eliciting more moans from me. Within a few strokes he was dipping one -- and later two -- fingers into my man cunt.

Mr. Compton soon moved to my side and knelt on the bed with his cock near my face. I took the tip into my mouth and gently sucked at him while he worked his fingers in my backside. He let his other hand rest on the back of my head, guiding my oral ministrations.

When he pulled away, his cock and fingers slipping from me at the same time, he ordered me onto my back.

"Pull your knees up to your chest," he said. 

As he positioned himself between my open knees, Mr. Compton stroked some lube onto his cock. He let his manhood fall from his hands and it fell into my the crack of my ass. He rubbed his shaft back and forth in my crack and felt the weight of his body on mine for the first time.

He lined his cock up with my hole and used his hand to guide it into place. With a small push, the head slipped past my outer muscles and popped into my rectum. The pain was not as sharp as I'd expected, and before I knew it, Mr. Compton was balls-deep in my man pussy.

He paused there, allowing my ass to adjust to the intrusion.

"That's it, Mitchell," he said. "Take my dick into your body. Feel your submission to me."

He let his cock slide from inside me until only the tip remained before pushing back in as deep as he could. The movement took my breath as his cock rubbed against my prostate from the inside.

As he settled into a rhythm, I found myself moaning as his cock worked deep in my bowels. My cock -- while not quite stiff but not soft, either -- bounced against the lacy constraints of my thong as Mr. Compton fucked me.

His breath and his paced quickened, and I knew he would come soon.

"Please, sir," I begged. "Fill my virgin pussy with your load. Come deep inside me. I need it. I need your come."

It pushed him over the edge and he stroked into me deep, pushing so hard that I could feel the front of his thighs against the back of mine.

"Take it, take my load."

I could feel his cock pulsing as he filled me with his cum.

Mr. Compton held still as his orgasm subsided, his dick buried deep in my ass. When he finally composed himself, he let his shrinking cock slip from my ass, leaving me with an empty feeling. Some of his cum ran down my crack and pooled in my panties.

He reached for his drink. I laid beside him, still and quiet, unsure what I was supposed to do next. I waited for further instruction.

After finishing his drink, Mr. Compton stood.

"I'm going to take a shower," he said. "Join me if you like."

The suite had a large walk-in shower with a bench at the far end. Mr Compton was fiddling with the faucet when I entered the bathroom.

I sat on the toilet, and rolled my stockings off my legs and stood to remove my garter. When I reached to take down my panties, Mr. Compton stopped me.

"Leave them on," he said, stepping into the shower.

When i joined him, Mr. Compton handed me the soap before turning away from me. I washed his back before letting the bar linger as I soaped his ass and the backs of his thighs.

"Tell me, Mitchell, did you enjoy yourself?" he asked. "Was taking real man's dick and being fucked all you had hoped it would be?"

I said that it was. 

"Good. Because there is much more where that came from," he said. "Your tight little pussy is exquisite. I'll be having more of it."

When he turned to put his back in the spray, I could see his cock had started to rise again. Without prompting, I knelt in the shower and rubbed soap across his groin, being sure to stroke his shaft with my slippery hands.

His cock immediately came to full attention and he made an approving noise in the back of his throat. He turned to rinse himself before turning back to me, his hard dick in my face.

I took him into my mouth, sucking deeply at his skin as I let his shaft fill my mouth. My dick jumped in my now-soaked panties as he grabbed the back of my head and began to fuck my face.

"Look at me," he said.

I did as he asked, careful not to move my head. As he fucked my mouth in much the same way he had my man pussy a few minutes before, he spoke to me.

"You are a fine little sissy slut, Mitchell," he said. "Your mouth and your pussy belong to me, do you understand? I will fuck them as I please."

I moaned at his words, which only encouraged him to fuck me harder.

"Touch yourself while I fuck your mouth," he said. "Rub your little man clit while you feel a real dick in your throat."

My cock was stiff before I could get my hands in my panties. I worked it in time to the fucking he was giving my face. After the afternoon I'd had, it wasn't long before I was moaning loudly, announcing my impending orgasm.

"That's it, fill your panties with your cream, you little slut," he said, his voice echoing of the tub's wall. "Eat my cum, swallow it."

My body stiffened and I came all over my hand, just as he pushed into my throat -- farther than ever before -- and gave me the second load of cum of the day.

He held his cock in my mouth as it shrank away, allowing me to savor the taste of his load in my throat as I caught my breath. When he released me and left the shower, I stayed behind on the floor. My head was spinning from the afternoon's events: meeting Mr. Compton in a hotel room, sucking him, taking his dick into my virgin ass and then having my face fucked in the shower. 

I didn't notice that he'd dried off, left the room and redressed.

"Take all the time you want, Mitchell," he said. "I'll see you in the office at 2 tomorrow afternoon."

I laid on the floor of the shower until the water finally started to run cold.

* * *

It was nearly 9 by the time I got cleaned up, stopped by the office for my things and headed home to my wife. Amber was excited to hear all about my big meeting with the boss. I made up enough work-sounding stuff to satisfy her.

"Will you be working together again?" she asked.

"I'm sure of it," I told her. "Mr. Compton says he has plans for me."