 * PART 1: NOAH (1/2) * 

Going through college applications made me look back at my high-school experience, and I realized I'd been pretty fortunate. Even though I was gay and kinda nerdy, I was never majorly bullied or harassed. Having Aaron to hang out with, both in and out of school, definitely helped. That is, until a few weeks ago, when he started dating Lars and now all he wanted to do was make out and fuck whenever they got the chance. 

The weekend I had to spend with them at my mom's apartment was either heaven or hell – I couldn't decide. As soon as Lars walked in they locked themselves up in mom's room and I could hear them going at it. I pretended to watch a show with my headphones on, but I was too curious not to listen in. The apartment was small and they were loud, it was almost like being in the same room. Lars was the more vocal one and I could soon tell it was he who was being fucked by my brother. As his "fuck me's and "fuck me harder's echoed around the apartment, I looked down and realized my dick was rock-hard. I rubbed it gently through my jeans, rubbing the head which was already leaking precum. I knew that if I kept this going I would cum. So I stopped. I put my hand away, closed my eyes, and tried to meditate my erection away. That's when the shouting got even louder. "I'm cumming. I'm cumming!" I heard my brother scream. I took a deep breath, eyes still closed, and it felt like I would cum without even touching my cock. But I didn't. The noise died down and I opened my eyes and stared at my reflection in the TV for a few seconds, before going back to my show. 

That night I was awoken twice by Aaron and Lars fucking in the next room. Each time I was hard, and each time I listened in but tried to ignore my erection. I don't know why I was denying myself a chance to cum; I jerked off daily to online porn. But this felt different. 

The next morning I was the first person up, and took the dog for a walk. When I came back I saw Lars in the kitchen making breakfast, in the smallest tightest pair of underwear I'd ever seen on a guy. He invited me to join him and I tried not to stare overtly as he stretched in front of me. I could make out the size and shape of his dick perfectly, and I could tell he shaved all his pubic hair cause otherwise it would've all been showing. When Noah joined us and the two started making out, I took that as my cue to leave. 

In the living room, even with the TV on, I could still hear them making out on the kitchen table. I wasn't sure what they were doing, but when I heard my brother scream out "Fuck yeah, I'm gonna cum!" I had a pretty good visual. I couldn't believe that happened on the other side of the room divider, without even a door separating us. 

"Lovely day, isn't it?" I heard Noah say and I turned around. He was standing in the living room in just his boxers, with a visible bulge and a huge grin on his face. "Anyway, I better go shower." 

I left the two by themselves for the rest of the day, I went to Starbucks and worked on some homework. That night, they must've been tired cause they went to the bedroom but I didn't hear any noise. 

A few days later, we were home from school early. Aaron and Lars were going shopping, and they came over so Aaron could take some money. 

"So Noah," Lars said and sat down next to me on the couch. "Tell me about yourself." 

"Um, we go to the same school and you're dating my brother, you already know everything about me, Lars." 

"Of course not," he contradicted. "Like, are YOU seeing anyone? Who are you hooking up with?" 

"N-no one," I started to blush. 

"Well we need to change that," he said and pulled up his phone. "Where are you even looking?" 

"What do you mean? Nowhere." 

"Like, you're not on Grindr?" he said and tapped an icon. 

"Oh. No." Of course I knew all about Grindr, but I never made a profile and put myself out there. "And why do you even have that, you're with Aaron?" 

"Oh, it's always nice to know who's cruising around the neighborhood," Lars smiled. "The other day I saw this headless torso that I swear belongs to Hickman, my Lit teacher." 

"Anyway, there's no need for that," I told him. "You and Aaron didn't even meet that way, and..." 

"Yes, but we're an exception. And c'mon, if you're single what's the harm? You and Aaron are identical, right?" 

"Right..." I said apprehensively. 

"Great," he said and I saw him pull up a photo of Aaron on his phone. He was shirtless, with a cocky smile, and pulling down the waistband of his jeans. 

"You can't put that on there!" 

"Relax," Lars said and fought me off as I tried to grab his phone. "It's just for a few hours, to see what type of messages you get. I'll delete it tonight, I promise." 

I was really not in the mood to fight with anyone, and it was on Lars's own phone anyway, so I just went back to what I was doing as he got up and said he'd be back later. 

* PART 2: AARON * 

Lars's main problem with me seemed to be my choice of underwear. He said boxers were too "hetero," and if I had to wear any underwear I needed something sexier. 

"And I know just where to take you," he said. So one day when we got to leave school early, we went downtown together. I knew there was a small gay neighborhood around there, but I'd never paid much attention. Now I noticed all the rainbow flags in shop windows, some more discreet than others. 

"By the way, like twenty guys so far think you're hot," Aaron said and showed me his phone. "I made a Grindr profile for Noah and put up your picture. Now he's getting all these messages." 

"Nice," I smiled, as we headed straight to the store with the biggest rainbow flag. 

"Hey Lars," we were greeted as soon as we walked in. 

"Hi Tony, how you doing?" I looked around and I was confused. Was this place a clothing store or a sex shop? There was a lot of underwear and t-shirts all around, but I also saw dildos, handcuffs, and a bunch of porn mags and DVDs. "This is the famous Aaron." 

"Oh really?" the cashier said. "Good to see you finally. I guess Lars wasn't making you up after all." 

"Just how often do you come here?" I asked Lars, but he just shooed me away. He took me to the rack, and picked up a bunch of undies before I even had the time to look. 

"Now, this stuff's pretty pricey, but there's always some stuff on sale, so let's see." 

I looked around; there was another couple there (two gorgeous bodybuilders), and a couple of older men browsing around in the porn section. Then Lars came and pushed me in a fitting room, basically just a curtain in the middle of the store that went around a mirror. 

"Now these are half off and they're hot. What do you think?" He held up one pair of briefs and a jockstrap. They reminded me of the underwear I'd seen him prance around in, and I had to admit it made him look hot. I was getting a hard-on just thinking about it. 

"And I got you a shirt and some gym shorts that you can try on. C'mon." 

The fitting room was too small for two people but Lars wasn't bulging. He just stood there with a smile on his face. 

"Oh you're loving this, ain't ya?" 

"I'm just tryna help you out," he said as I undressed, and took off everything other than my boxers. 

I put the tank top on and I was surprised how well it fit me. It was cut in a way that made my pecs look much bigger than they actually were. The shorts Lars handed me were ridiculously small, shorter than my boxers even. 

"I can't even try those on," I said. 

"Here's the deal, if you promise you'll wear them, I'll get them for you." 

"Okay..." 

"And since we know we're getting them, you can try them on with no underwear now." 

I smiled and saw where he was going with this. I dropped my boxers, and stood there naked, with my dick half-hard. 

"Here," he said and handed me the shorts with one hand, and squeezed my balls with the other. 

I pulled them on as best I could, with my dick sticking out. They barely covered my ass cheeks, and I wouldn't be able to freeball in them because my dick and balls would flop right out. 

"You got nice legs, you should show them off," he said and started caressing my thigh, but quickly moving on up to my nipples. 

"Fuck, get these off," I said and pulled the shorts down, as my dick started to get wet. 

"On a scale of 1 to 10, how horny are you right now?" Lars whispered, playing with my nipples and the head of my dick. 

"A fucking 20," I replied. 

"Well then..." he said and pulled the back of his jeans down, exposing his bare ass. 

"What're you doing?" 

"I thought this might come in handy," he said and pulled out a condom and a small packet of lube. 

"Lars, you're fucking insane." 

"C'mon. I've heard stories from Tony, and trust me we wouldn't be the first people fucking in here." 

He looked at me a grinned again, and when he looked at me with those eyes, Lars got anything he wanted. 

I pulled on the condom and lubed up nicely. I was hoping Lars's hole would be nice and open, so he wouldn't make much noise. 

He leaned against the mirror and I got behind him. His ass was soft like always, and so inviting. I teased his hole for a second with my fingers, and I heard him purr but try not to make any noise. Then I went in. 

"Fuck," he said, reached back, and grabbed the back of my head. We had done this so many times now, we sort of had a routine. 

I started to fuck Lars, aware you could see our feet through the gap between the curtain and the floor, aware we were taking far too long in the fitting room, but I didn't care. All I cared about was to dump a load while in Lars's ass. 

Lars arched his back and pushed up against me with his ass. I started to fuck him faster, trying not to make too much noise slapping against his ass. He started to moan as quietly as he could and it was turning me on. I went on for another minute or two and I grabbed Lars's hand, put it behind his neck and into my mouth. I bit into it, strongly, as I came, trying not to make any noise. 

"Fuck," he said as I pulled out. 

"Sorry," I said. "Hope I didn't hurt you." 

"No worries," he said, rubbing his hand. "That was hot." 

* PART 3: NOAH (2/2) * 

Later that evening, Aaron and Lars came back home and Lars tossed me his phone. 

"Here, Mr. Popular. It's all the messages you got." 

I checked and saw 32 unread messages. 

"This isn't even me!" I said. "It's a picture of Aaron." 

"Whatever, you look the same. Just see what they have to say. We'll be in the other room watching a movie. Just bring me my phone back when you're done." 

I scrolled through the messages and ignored most of them. There were a lot of dick pics and messages like "top or bttm?" But one did catch my eye, from a guy with a bulky torso and a handsome face. It just said: "New or visiting?" He'd sent it 45 minutes ago. 

"Um, hi," I texted back, against my better judgment. "What do you mean?" 

I figured he wouldn't even reply because too much time has passed. But he texted back a minute later. 

"Never seen u on here before," the text said. "Which means ur either visiting or fresh meat," said the next. 

"LOL," I typed, but then deleted it. This guy was 32, and I didn't wanna come off as a kid. "I live here," I said. "I just haven't used Grindr before." 

"U got anymore pix?" 

"No, sorry," I said, thinking this might be the end of it. "You?" 

To my surprise, he sent me two more photos. One of him in a business suit, looking stern and almost intimidating. The other of him shirtless in a locker room. He was tall, black, with a bit of a gut but also a huge chest, and very big nipples. 

"Nice," I said, unsure of what else is appropriate. "I can send you more pics if you give me your number. I can't really text much on Grindr." 

He went quiet for a few minutes. Just as I was about to give up, I got a message with his number. 

"My name's Noah, btw," I replied. 

"Darnell." 

I saved his number in my phone, deleted all the messages on Grindr, and went and gave Lars his phone back. 

Darnell and I exchanged a couple of messages that evening. It turned out he lived right around the corner from my mom's place, in a building famous for its luxury condos, that I passed every time I was there. I seemed to be the one asking all the questions, so I started to feel uncomfortable and think he wasn't really interested. 

"I gotta go now," he said, confirming my doubts. But then... "What r u doing Friday evening?" 

"No plans so far, why?" I said. 

"U can come over for a drink," he said. "Or whatever." 

Normally I wouldn't even consider anything like that. I don't know what it is that made me feel safe, probably the fact I knew his building had a doorman and I'd have to check in, which probably meant this guy wasn't a psycho. 

"Sure," I texted back. "I'd love to." 

That Friday, I told my mom I wanted to see a movie in her neighborhood so I'd be spending the night there. I walked to Darnell's building, clutching my phone, half-hoping he'd text to cancel last minute. I was downtown and the city was buzzing with people celebrating the weekend. 

The doorman greeted me with a smile and gave me directions how to get to "Mr. Carter's" apartment. I took a deep breath and knocked on the door. 

"Well come on in," Darnell said when he opened the door. He looked just like in his pictures, maybe a bit shorter.

"I have to say, I'm surprised you showed up after all," he said. He was wearing a nice suit with his shoes off, his socked feet gliding on the hardwood floor. The apartment was gorgeous, lots of leather and glass – a rich man's bachelor pad. "A lot of guys are flaky." 

"Not me," I said, standing awkwardly, still unsure what I was doing here. 

"Here, sit down. You want a drink? As long as you promise not to report me for serving a minor." 

"No... I mean, yes, I'll have a beer." 

"You ever had scotch?" he smirked. 

"Not that I know of." 

"Oh, you'll know if you have. Here, I'll make yours watered down." 

I saw him pour a drink in a glass full of ice, and add some water to it. He handed it to me, and grabbed an identical glass he'd been drinking out of. 

"Cheers," he said. "Now, why did you agree to come here?" he asked matter-of-factly. 

"Um, I don't know, just hang, I guess." 

"D'you like sucking dick?" 

I was taken aback. "I guess... I mean, I do." I'd only sucked off two other guys before. 

"Would you like to suck mine?" he said, grabbing his crotch. 

I swallowed. My throat was dry, so I took a sip of the scotch, but it burned my throat. "Y-yes," I said, finally. 

"Good. You'll have to get it hard first, though," he said and reached for a remote. He turned on the stereo, and I was surprised to hear loud classical music playing. 

Darnell unzipped his pants, pulled out his dick, closed his eyes and leaned his head back. "Get to it." 

Even though it might sound like an order, the way he said it made it sound more like an invitation. I was turned on by his attitude, and from what I could see his dick looked gorgeous. Even soft, it was very thick. 

I got on my knees and started jerking him off and playing with his balls. I tried to think of blowjobs I'd seen in porn. Darnell got hard fast. His dick was thick, its head pink, and I wondered if I could even take all of it in my mouth. 

I took a deep breath and started sucking him. All I could hear was the music playing, my eyes closed. Darnell wasn't moving a muscle other than his hips, gently. That is until he really started to get hard, and he grabbed my hair and pushed my head down. 

"You like that?" he asked. 

I choked for a second, but I nodded my head. He pushed it down again. 

His dick was hitting the back of my throat, as I was trying to cover my teeth and not hurt him. This went on for a while. Suddenly, he pushed me away and got up. 

"Lie back on the couch," he said. 

I did. He stood next to me, put my head on the armrest, and started fucking my mouth, holding my face with both his hands. 

"Fuck yeah. Suck that dick. Choke on it, boy!" 

My own dick was hard by this point as well, and I started playing with it. But after a couple of minutes, I stopped, and focused on Darnell's dick in my mouth. His balls were slapping my chin, and I was hungry for his cum. 

"You're a good cocksucker," I heard him say. "A good little cocksucker." 

At this point, I was numb to all pain in my throat, and wanted this to go on forever. 

"Fuck, you're gonna make me cum. You're gonna make me cum!" Darnell yelled, and pulled out. I opened my eyes and wanted him back in my mouth, but I saw him jerk himself off and cum in his left hand. He was twitching all over, breathing heavily. As soon as he'd cum, he pulled out a tissue from the holder on the table, and wiped his hands clean. 

Then, he stared at my eyes. I started to think he'd ask me to leave so I got up, dick still hard. 

"Your turn now," he said and did something that surprised me: he got on his knees. He didn't take my dick in his mouth, but he bowed his head all the way down down, and put his hand on my upper thigh, right next to my balls. I started jerking myself off. 

I was so turned on, it didn't take me more than a minute to come close. Just then, Darnell moved his hand up and quickly, without warning, pushed him thumb up against my asshole. 

"Fuck," I screamed and started to cum. I shot all over his back, my whole body twitching like never before, his finger tightly in my hole. 

I breathed out and relaxed as he got up. 

"Sorry about your suit," I said nervously. 

"Don't worry about it, dry-cleaning will take care of that. You need a shower?" 

"Um, my mom lives right around the corner..." I said, not sure if this was it. 

"Yeah. Well, nice having you here." 

Yup. I grabbed my jacket and left unceremoniously.