 My brother, Dean, and I always spent as much time together as we could during the summer. We were good friends and my big brother and I hung out together more than we did with our friends. I should actually say older brother. At six feet one inch tall I was actually three inches taller than he was and hovering around 230 pounds, I outweighed him by about fifty pounds of muscle. Before he had graduated, being only a year apart, we had played together on our high school's football team. Even though I was larger than he was, I idolized my brother and there was no denying I practically worshiped the ground he walked on.

Even with our difference in size it was obvious to see that we were brothers. We both had short, brush cut straw colored hair, but his eyes were blue while mine were brown. We also shared the same pug nose and thick lips set in round, but not fat, faces. I had grown a neatly trimmed full beard that was a slightly darker shade than the hair on my head while Dean wore a similarly colored goatee around his mouth. We both had a decent coating of dark blonde hair elsewhere without it making us look like apes.

Despite our similarities, we had one major difference: I was gay and he was straight. I had come out years ago, and other than the family asking a few times "are you sure," no one cared. The only problem that ever cropped up was Dean being suspended from school for one day because he had punched a guy who had said something derogatory about me that I didn't even hear. After that, though at my size I didn't need his protection, I knew Dean was there for me and no one at school ever said anything else about me.

Another difference was the fact that at eighteen, I was still a virgin while I knew Dean had lost his virginity when he was twelve. Now after his first year of college, he had had many different partners. When he had lived at home he had even snuck a few girlfriends into our shared room - we had a sister, who was three years younger than me, who had the third bedroom in our home - and fucked them with me pretending to be asleep in the bed across the room. From the stories he told me, both he and his roommate had no problem with each other having girls in their room.

Dean had been the high school campus stud and though I wouldn't put out, the title of heir apparent fell to me as his younger brother. I was highly sought after by both boys and a few girls who thought they could change me. Despite regular dating, I had yet to have a steady boyfriend because I felt like most guys were after me for the challenge of being my first and not because they liked me. And while the opportunity frequently appeared, I never took advantage of the easy sex because I wanted my first time to be with someone I actually cared about.

One afternoon about three weeks after he came home, Dean and I were in the basement playing video games. In addition to being used for storage, it had been turned into a hangout for us. We had a ratty sofa, a small refrigerator, stereo, TV, and a few video game systems down there where Dean and I would be banished with our friends. This day, our parents were at work and each of us had the day off from our summer jobs. After breakfast, we had moved down there to spend the day together.

Eventually, the game became heated and as often happened with us, shoving tuned into a friendly wrestling match to settle matters. Though I was larger than he was and could easily win, I never used my full strength against my brother. It wasn't to protect his ego but because as my older brother and my idol, I wanted to let him get the upper hand. Not only that, I secretly enjoyed being under him and the feel of his muscles pinning me. After a rough battle, I would let him win and he never questioned it.

Because we were having a lazy day, we each wore only boxers. As we wrestled, our arms and legs gripped and scooted across our otherwise bare bodies. Even though the room was cool, a thin sheen of sweat began to coat us making contact even more difficult. As we wrestled, I felt Dean's dick swell and harden against me and mine responded. It wasn't the first time that it had happened and I didn't think much of it. We were horny teens and boners were just a way of life. That changed when our positions got flipped around to being head to toe. He was on top of me and his hard cock had escaped the fly of his shorts and was now pressed against the side of my face. Shocked, I fell still and felt him stop struggling as well. As we caught our breath, his hot shaft remained pressed against my cheek. In time with our breathing, it moved in shallow thrusts back and forth against me. He didn't seem eager to move and, honestly, part of me didn't want him to.

After a few quiet minutes, Dean rolled off me. "Oh, sorry," he said as he tucked himself away. It was so slow and deliberate that I wondered if he had done it on purpose.

We went back to our game without discussing it however I couldn't get the sight and feel of his dick out of my head. Even though we had shared a room, it was my first time seeing him erect and his cock looked nearly identical to mine. It curved upward at the root, pointing defiantly toward the sky and was thicker at the bottom, tapering to a still imposing pointed head at the uncircumcised tip. The only difference from mine was that his was significantly larger. My dick was a thick eight inches and his had at least two inches on me in length with a proportional increase in girth. I was acutely aware of it tenting his boxers for the rest of the afternoon and mine remained just as hard because of its presence. I couldn't wait to get some time alone to stroke out a load thinking about it. Other than online porn, it was my first time seeing a real dick and there was an admittedly juvenile arousal of titillation coursing through me because of it.

A few days later it happened again. Not sure what to do, I ignored his erection while we continued to wrestle. As we slid against each other, I felt his sticky cock juice trail along my exposed skin wherever his crown touched. Once we were tired out, he pulled away from me and tucked himself away without acknowledging what had happened with a look of disappointment and frustration.

When it happened again a third time, I knew it was no longer accidental.

Our parents were home but they usually didn't bother us when we were downstairs. It didn't take long for us to again end up wrestling and it felt like we both were almost instantly hard as we grappled. Halfheartedly I struggled against Dean and was soon again positioned beneath him with his cock pressed against my face.

This time intending to tease him, I moved my mouth toward it and touched my tongue to his hard flesh, getting my first ever taste of cock. I heard him suck in a breath then let out a soft groan. When I repeated the motion, Dean raised his hips and used a hand to angle his cock downward, pointing it toward my mouth. Unsure if I wanted to do it or if I even should do it, my lips remained partially closed for a moment as he moved his already wet tip across my lips.

When I opened my mouth intending to tell him I had never sucked dick before, it was quickly filled with his shaft. He didn't go too deep but set up a fairly quick pace fucking my mouth. Occasionally, he'd hiss and warn me about my teeth while I just laid there and let him use my mouth. Other than the game music in the background, the only sounds in the room were the wet sounds of his dick against my lips. We could hear our parents' footsteps on the ceiling as they moved through the house above us but were otherwise unconcerned about being caught.

"Here it comes, Danny," he said softly as his breathing increased.

It was the only warning I received before he shoved his cock into the top of my throat plugging the passage as it stiffened and began to pulse.

Unprepared and not knowing what to expect, I nearly choked when his first shot flew into my throat. As I coughed and spluttered trying to catch my breath, more shots quickly followed. I tried to push him up and off me but he held steady. His load, thinned by my spit, ran out the sides of my mouth as he pumped his ball juice into me. Through it all, I registered my first taste of semen. It was a surprisingly unpleasant bitter flavor with a hint of salty sweetness. I couldn't imagine getting used to it but at the same time I realized that I had really enjoyed feeling his hardness in my mouth.

Even after his cock stopped twitching, Dean held steady inside my mouth for a few moments catching his breath before he pulled out.

"You made a mess," he said as he tucked his softening cock away. "I thought you'd be better at that."

I shrugged as I went to the small bathroom in the corner that contained a toilet and sink to clean my face. "It was my first time."

Dean leaned in the doorway and crossed his arms. "Seriously?"

"Yeah. You know I'm a virgin."

"But I thought you at least sucked dick."

"Nope." I brushed passed him and returned to my spot on the sofa. "You were my first."

"Wow." He sat next to me and patted my leg. "You okay?"

"Why do you ask?" I asked sarcastically. "Because the first cock I ever sucked was attached to my brother? Yeah, I guess I'm okay."

"Cool."

That was the only discussion we had about it. There was no awkwardness between us and we continued on as if it never happened.

--

A few days later, I awoke before Dean and decided to get into the bathroom to shower while he slept. I had been in there a few minutes when I heard the door open and Dean sleepily announce his presence with a greeting. With three children to one bathroom, it was not uncommon for Dean and I to be in the bathroom at the same time, one of us showering while the other used the toilet or sink, so I didn't think much of it. At least not until he cursed softly.

Acknowledging his frustration, I stuck my head out around the curtain and asked, "What's up?"

"My cock," he said looking down at his erection sticking out of the fly of his boxers. Even though I had already seen, and sucked it, I was surprised by how huge it looked spreading apart the flaps of fabric. "Got a bad case of morning wood."

"That sucks." With the way our hard dicks curved upward, I knew he would end up shooting a stream everywhere except into the bowl if he didn't wait until it went down some. Understanding his pain but considering myself unable to help, I closed the curtain to resume my shower.

"So do you, bro," Dean said as he pulled back the curtain startling me. "Help me out?"

"Get the fuck out of here," I said as I tried to reclose the curtain.

"Come on, bro," Dean said as he held the curtain open with one hand and grabbed his cock with the other. "You know you want to."

"Like hell I do." Though my voice was angry, I quickly realized that my own hardening dick gave me away.

Dean released his grip on his dick and grabbed my free hand to pull it down to grab his shaft. "I think you do. At least your dick thinks you should."

"Fuck you," I said though I didn't try to remove my hand.

"Maybe later," he said with a smirk and wink. "Right now, just suck."

"I can't believe I'm doing this again," I muttered as I got to my knees. After cleaning off the soap that had been deposited by my hand, I took my brother's dick into my mouth. I felt him place a heavy, guiding hand on my head as he began to thrust into my mouth. Making a liar out of me, my own dick was now rock hard and I couldn't resist letting one of my hands reach down and begin to stroke it.

After a few minutes, there was a knock on the door.

"Hurry up," our sister, Debbie, called through the door. "I need to use the toilet."

"I'm on the pot," Dean yelled as he continued to fuck my face, "and Danny's beating off. Go downstairs."

"You guys are so disgusting," she said huffily. "Just hurry up, please. Jenny's parents are going to be here in half an hour to pick me up and I need to get ready."

"Fine," Dean said as his hips sped up. His breathing was heavier and while I knew the truth, to her it probably sound like he was straining on the toilet. "I'm almost finished."

I could tell his statement was not just for Debbie but also warning me that he was about to cum. After a few more thrusts his dick began to shoot into my mouth. He remained motionless as his dick pulsed pushing his ball juice into me. Though it was only my second time, I did a better job of swallowing his load but I still felt some of it escape the corners of my mouth. As I sucked out the dregs of his load from his softening dick, I shot my own load onto the side of the tub.

"Thanks," he said softly as he pulled out with a sigh of relief. "Guess we need to get out of here."

Cursing the fact that I was only half washed due to his interruption, I hurriedly finished cleaning myself and turned off the water just as he opened the door. As he left the bathroom, I toweled myself dry and was rushed out by Debbie.

After dressing, I went downstairs where Dean and our parents were having breakfast. I fixed myself a bowl of cereal and juice then took my seat at the table. About halfway through, Dean gave me a curious look then smirked. I was going to ask him what he was laughing at when he got a worried look on his face and shook his head no. As much as I wanted to knock him on his ass for the way my day had started, I let it go to bring up later. Once our parents left the table, I was going to ask him about it but he beat me to the topic.

"Dude," he said shaking his head slowly. "Your beard's all clumpy and crunchy looking. Something you ate?"

I raised a hand and felt what he was talking about. It took me a minute before I realized I was feeling the result of his dried semen. "Fuck, man. This is your fault."

"Sorry, but I'm not sorry," Dean said as he stood and took his dishes to the sink, leaving me to sort out how to avoid our parents noticing until they left for the day.

--

I had just gotten home from work and went upstairs to change and when I entered the room, Dean was bottomless on his bed balancing his laptop on his legs while masturbating.

"Sorry," I said as I backed out of the room.

"I don't mind if you don't," he said.

While we knew the other masturbated, up until this point it had been when alone in the shower or in the middle of the night in our dark room so the other couldn't see. It was definitely not something we did during the day with our mother and sister running through the house like they were now. Though I went ahead and changed, it was odd doing it with my brother across the room pleasuring himself. I knew I shouldn't have felt awkward being there since I had already sucked him off twice by this point, but I still did.

I had my back to him, pulling on a shirt when I heard him shift on the bed behind me and close his computer. When I turned, he was sitting on the edge of the bed slowly stroking himself.

"Feel like getting some practice in?"

"Dean," I said not hiding my hesitation. "I don't think I should."

"Why not?"

"Because you're my brother," I said slowly, enunciating each word.

"So. Didn't stop you before. Get your ass over here."

I knew I should have said no and left. Instead, I complied with my older brother's command and reluctantly walked over and kneeled between his legs. Dean released his hold on his dick and I gripped it in his place then gave him a few exploratory strokes. His cock was rock hard and even though his foreskin was retracted, it flowed easily over three-quarters of his crown on the up strokes. The surface of his shaft was bumpy and muscular looking from the thick blood vessels running under the surface. Beneath the upward turned cock swung a hefty sack of balls. His scrotum wasn't loose and low-hanging but remained fairly close to his body and was covered with a bit of wispy blonde hair.

"This is big," I said with a bit of awe, the first time I had acknowledged his size. His cock grudgingly allowed me to pull it slightly toward me "And hard."

"Fuck, yeah it is," Dean said with an unquestionably horny voice. "I haven't fucked anything but your mouth since before I left school so I'm horny as shit. Get your mouth on it."

Obeying my brother's command, I lowered my head and took his tip into my mouth.

"Play with the foreskin," Dean said softly as he rested heavy hand on my head. "Stick your tongue in it."

I did as he requested, finding it difficult to get my tongue under the tight ring of skin. It fled from me and I chased it as it retreated below his crown. With it retracted, I continued to play with it, running my tongue along it and the ridge of his head.

"That's nice," Dean said softly. He began to slowly thrust up into my mouth. "Suck a little harder. Keep moving your tongue. Just like that. And play with my balls. Not too hard."

I followed my brother's instructions as he taught me how to really suck dick. Though it was weird that it was him, I found that I was really enjoying it. I had heard about guys who were natural born cock suckers but always thought they were promiscuous femmes. For it only being my third time with a dick in my mouth, I was beginning to understand the draw and silently apologized to all those guys I had inwardly criticized. With a moan of happiness, I reached down, lowered my shorts and began to rapidly fist myself.

"Damn, bro," Dean said with a chuckle. "Slow down. No need to beat it into submission. I don't care if you blow before me, just know that you're taking my load regardless."

I slowed my fist and took my time enjoying his dick in my mouth. As he began to increase the speed of his thrusts, I too increased the speed on my dick. With a deep growl, he came in my mouth. Knowing what to expect, I had better success swallowing his load. I started shooting my own load onto the floor as his third volley left his dick.

Once his dick had calmed and I sucked it clean, Dean put on the shorts that were balled on his bed then said, "You really are gay."

Not knowing how to respond, I went with, "And sucking your dick twice before didn't give it away?"

"Well, there is that," he said drily. "I mean you really get off on sucking dick, don't you?"

I gave him a glare as I responded, "Next time I'll wait until you're finished and leave before I cum if it's a problem."

"Next time?" Dean raised an eyebrow and gave me a knowing smirk.

I raised my hand and extended my middle finger in front of his face. "Fuck you. Like you aren't already thinking about it."

--

There was no longer any hesitation when Dean asked for a blow job, or more accurately when he put his dick in my face. Every few days, I would suck him off down in the basement while we played video games or up in our room as we prepared for bed with our parents blissfully unaware of what we were doing.

I did enjoy sucking my brother off and began to approach him for my own needs. Whenever I wanted to stroke out my own load, I usually waited until I could have Dean's dick in my mouth and he never protested. I quickly learned that I liked sucking him off in the morning best. There was something special about taking his hard morning wood into my mouth. It wasn't just the steely hardness of his piss-stiffened cock that I liked, there was an unwashed, sweaty, musky odor to it that I couldn't get enough of. And his cock, specifically his foreskin, gathered all of those masculine, fermented flavors overnight seemingly just for me. Even when I sucked him off in the evening after he got home from his summer job, his flavor and scent weren't quite ripe enough for me and left me unsatisfied.

One morning after going a few days without seeing each other, I crawled onto his bed between his legs to suck him off. He had had a late night out with friends and was still sleeping as I pulled his cock out of his fly. After positioning myself so I could suck him and stroke myself with ease, I relaxed into my work.
