 A/N: This series contains (or will contain) gay sex, incest, bdsm, bondage, vampires (which may lead to very, very tame blood play). There may be instances of non-con/reluctance. If any of this makes you uncomfortable, do not read on. You've been warned. 

***

I pulled the girl's young body against mine. My hand was clamped tightly over her mouth, stifling her cries of terror. 

I shouldn't be hunting. The media was hyper aware of the attacks that had been happening recently. There had only been one or two deaths though, the rest were just attacks. If I went about this the right way, the girl may not even remember being assaulted at all. If I went about it the wrong way...well, she may not return home. 

She struggled hard against me, kicking and thrashing in my arms. I didn't mind. It turned me on, watching her fight and cry, and knowing the whole time that I would never let her win. She would fall victim to me like so many others in the past. Pathetic human. 

I pulled her head back, my fingers weaving in her dark brown hair. Her beautiful pale neck was bright against the darkness of the night. I felt the pressure begin the build in my mouth, my fangs quickly extending. With a snarl, I bit into her. 

She shrieked, collapsing against me. Her body went limp, but her mind was racing. The girl was terrified, her thoughts frantically pushing past one another. Her heart was beating rapidly, her breathing coming in short pants. 

I drank greedily, the delicious liquid spilling into my mouth, trailing down my chin. My grip on her was tight, my nails digging into her skin, making shallow cuts on her stomach and hips. I'd have blood on my shirt when I got home. It was more than fine with me. 

All I could taste in her blood was fear. Fear and panic. My cock began to harden as I had my fill of her. Fuck, she was so weak, so pathetically afraid. 

My hand moved up her stomach, and I pushed her shirt up. My teeth didn't leave her neck, my other hand still firmly held her mouth. 

She whimpered when I reached her breasts. I pushed her shirt up over them, revealing her lacy bra to the deserted street. 

If I was being honest, the part of me that was attracted to women had faded a lot over the past few months. Men were just more enjoyable to be with. Dominating a man was exhilarating, and at times, challenging. Dominating a woman was easy. 

I squeezed her breast over her bra. She was becoming more chaotic, more frenzied, which only further stimulated my steadily growing member. But as I drained her, she became weaker and weaker, unable to move against me. I could take her, right here, in the middle of the dark street. The idea turned me on, but she was quickly becoming too feeble. In a matter of seconds she'd be unconscious. That wouldn't do at all, I liked to hear my prey scream.

It was no matter. I had my pet waiting at home. Why settle for this human when I had my little brother?

I released her, pulling my fangs out of her neck, letting her body drop to the dirty sidewalk. She was unconscious. Humans are so disgustingly frail. 

I didn't bother moving her anywhere, I just left her there, asleep on the street. She wouldn't remember what happened to her. It would be light soon anyway, she'd be alright. And if she wasn't... well, it's no longer my problem. 

My stomach was full. My heart was pumping life through my veins. My cock was pressing forcefully up against my black trousers. A new hunger had formed.

I flitted quickly through the dark streets. I was merely a shadow beneath the lamps. It was easy getting through the forest, despite the canopy blocking out the moonlight. I'd been this way a thousand times before, and besides I'm a hunter. My eyes are used to watching in the dark. 

In less than a minute, I was in my brother's bedroom. I shut and locked the door behind me. I didn't want to be interrupted. 

His room was nearly the exact opposite of mine. It was white for the most part, with accents of lavender. Colours of purity, innocence and femininity. It was fitting for my brother. 

I was silent as I approached my brother's bed. I pulled back the sheer white curtain on his four poster bed, and gazed down at his sleeping form. He looked so... angelic, so... good. The lamb. I smirked. I was the tiger. 

His blonde hair was ruffled, his thick black eyelashes formed crescents against his pale cheeks. They had a tint of pink on them, which was good, it meant he'd fed properly. He was naked, or at least shirtless from what I could see. He was sucking his thumb, a habit he'd had since childhood. My cock twitched in excitement. 

I let the curtain fall back, and sauntered to my brother's closet. In my genius, I'd had the foresight of mind to stash a box of toys in his closet. He didn't know about it and I certainly didn't plan on telling him. 

I grabbed it eagerly, pulling it out from behind his shoes. I grabbed rope, four long pieces. I contemplated grabbing one (or a couple) of the assorted butt plugs, but decided against it. I wanted to be inside him quickly, I didn't have time for excessive teasing. I did decide to take a pair of nipple clamps, though. I searched quickly through the box for his collar, but I must've forgotten it in my bedroom. He had other collars, but the one I'd left in my room was my favourite. I growled, no matter. I selected a plain, black leather collar and returned to his bed. 

I started with his right wrist, gently pulling it up to the right corner of his bed. I secured it quickly, tying his wrist to the frame with ease. Then, I moved to his ankles. I slowly pulled off the white satin blanket, revealing his beautiful body. He was wearing a pair of plain white briefs. I loved them, they perfectly outlined his delicious, firm bottom. I lifted his legs slightly as I tied him up, so that his ass was hovering just a few inches off of the bed. I thought most definitely, that he'd awaken when I took his thumb from his mouth, but he gave no reaction. His breathing remained even and peaceful. 

A thin red line formed on Jacob's thumb. Blood. Drinking his own blood always made him drowsy, that's why he did it often before and while he slept. I watched it form for a few seconds, before licking it off, relishing the taste. His blood was unlike a human's. It wasn't coppery, but rather sweet and light. 

The wound healed over, and I secured his wrist to the bed. Finally, I attached the collar. The clamps would come later. 

I removed my clothes, tossing them to the floor before moving next to his head and resting on my knees. I normally liked to keep my clothes on while we fucked, but this was an exception. He was restrained and wouldn't have the privilege –or ability- to touch me anyway. I took my large member in my hand and stroked it slowly. My free hand moved to Jacob's hair, and I tilted his head so he was facing my direction. I rested the tip of my cock against his lips. 

He gave no reaction, and I slowly started moving my hips back and forth, running my cock along his lips. He parted his lips slightly, and I pushed the tip of my cock between them. Even in his stupor, he seemed to recognize what was happening, because he opened his mouth further, allowing me to push my head directly into the warmth of his mouth. 

I moaned softly as I slowly face-fucked my brother. He was still, his tongue remained limp inside his mouth. I smirked, he was still asleep. I pushed more of my length into him, hitting the blockage in his throat quickly. 

He opened his eyes slowly, and blinked a few times, before actually realizing what was going on. Jacob's eyes widened to their full extent and he thrashed against the bed, realizing with panic that he was completely restrained. 

"Alex, what's going-"

I quickly shoved my cock back into his mouth. 

"You know perfectly well what's going on, pet. And for the duration of the night you will address me as 'master' or 'brother'." I said sternly, pumping at a moderate speed into his mouth. "Am I understood?"

"Yes, Master." Jacob said softly when I pulled my dick from his mouth. He opened his mouth submissively, letting me enter him again. He looked up at me, his gold eyes locked with mine as I fucked his face. I wasn't going quickly, more for myself than him. I still had his ass to fuck. 

He bobbed his head as much as he could on my cock. I went the rest of the way, holding his hair tightly in my hand, forcing more of my prick into him with every thrust. I could get all nine inches of my dick down his throat, but it was painful for him. I could feel his throat constricting around my member as he gagged on me. But I held him still, watching his body wretch. 

Jacob's eyebrows furrowed together, a few stray tears spilt from his eyes. His body shook against the bed, but I didn't let up. I was cutting off his air, choking him with my dick but I didn't care. In fact, quite the opposite, I loved it. 

"Good boy. Take all of it. You love your big brother's dick, don't you?" I asked, finally pulling out of his throat. He sucked in air quickly, gagging slightly as I left his mouth. 

"Yes." He choked out, his teary eyes meeting mine once more. 

"Say it." I said forcefully. With a look of complete honesty, my brother murmured:

"I love my big brother's dick." 

I smirked, and roughly plunged my cock back into his mouth. I fucked his face more rapidly now, filling him to the hilt, pulling almost all the way out and thrusting in again. He gagged and gasped and even let out the occasional moan of pleasure as I abused his mouth. 

"I own you." I said, taking my dick from his mouth. 

"Yes, yes." He agreed. I tugged his hair back before releasing it. I moved my knees to either side of his head, resting just above his face. I took my dick in my hand and stroked it, lowering myself down onto him. 

"Suck your big brother's balls." I ordered, when I felt his lips against my sack. He opened his mouth obediently, taking my left ball into his mouth and sucking on it. I moaned softly, jerking myself while his mouth worked. His tongue flicked over my balls, sending waves of pleasure coursing through my body. Fuck, it felt so good. But I kept my lips tightly closed, resting my hand against the wall behind his bed. I didn't want to let him know how good it felt, so I stayed relatively quiet as his mouth worked. 

"You're being such a good whore for me." I breathed, throwing my head back slightly as his mouth encompassed my right ball. Jacob moaned appreciatively beneath me. 

After a few minutes, I felt pressure begin to build in my stomach, so I stopped stroking myself. I didn't want to cum yet, there was so much more I wanted to do to him. I climbed off of him slowly, moving to stand on the floor beside his bed. 

I looked down at his face with satisfaction. He had spit running down his chin, his cheeks were still tearstained from the rough face-fuck. 

I pulled open the top drawer on his bedside table, pulling out a small bottle of lube. My finger hooked underneath the chain on the nipple clamps, and I brought them with me. I climbed easily between his wide-spread legs, setting the clamps down beside me. I tore off his briefs with ease, ripping them to shreds then tossing them carelessly to the floor. 

I leaned over him, looking down into his eyes. My cock rubbed against his, and I noticed that he was just as hard as I was, already leaking pre-cum.

My mouth was just a few inches above Jacob's. He closed his eyes slowly, parting his lips.

"You want me to kiss you." It wasn't a question, I knew the answer.

"Yes, brother." He breathed. 

I immediately wrapped my hand tightly around his throat, feeling his collar, which was now warm with sweat. He looked up at me, shocked. My grip tightened. 

"You're pathetic." I said, before spitting on his cheek. 

I moved back, resting my ass on my feet. I grabbed the lube, squirting a heavy amount onto my fingers, and onto his puckered asshole. 

"M-Master!" Jacob stuttered as I pushed my middle finger into his hole. His body jerked slightly, his back arching up off the bed. I grinned evilly, feeling his ass clench around my finger. I wasn't gentle or loving, but rather, hurried and unforgiving. I wanted my cock to be in his ass as fast as possible, I didn't care about making it good for him. He's worthless, just a hole to fuck. 

Or, at least that's how I treat him. 

"Want another one inside you, pet?" I asked darkly, looking into his golden eyes. 

"Y-yes, please." He whimpered. I cocked an eyebrow at him. "Master." He added quickly. 

"You're such a fucking slut." I muttered, pulling my finger out of him. I brought my first two fingers to his entrance and roughly pushed them in together. Jacob cried out, his hands fisting, his feet flexing. He couldn't jerk away from my fingers, couldn't get me out of his channel, he just had to take it. That was the way I liked it. 

I scissored my fingers inside of him, stretching him as far as my fingers would allow. He was actually opening up pretty easily for me, it wasn't requiring too much work. Still, I needed to find a better way. I needed to find a way where I could fuck him whenever I wanted, without this prep. Hm, maybe I'd have to keep a plug in him. I smirked, thinking about it. It was something to consider. 

It wasn't long before I added a third finger inside him, forcing his anus open. Jacob writhed as much as he could, but didn't object to the intrusion, with the exception of some short, high-pitched whimpers. 

With every pump of my fingers, Jacob's head rolled back and his eyes squeezed shut. Whether it was from pain or pleasure, I didn't know. I didn't care. 

I pulled my fingers from his ass, taking the clamps in my hands. Jacob's eyes widened in horror when he saw them. 

"No, no, please, Alex, they hurt-"

I backhanded him across the face. He quickly looked back at me, choking back a sob. Tears began to spill from his eyes, mixing with my spit, which was still slowly sliding down his cheek. 

"Don't make me punish you again." I warned. How dare he tell me no? How dare he call me by my name? How dare he disobey me? 

"I didn't mean to..." He begged softly. 

Looking at the clamps, I got an idea. I knew how to punish him. My face softened.

"They hurt, baby?" I asked, running the edge of the clothespin clamp against his nipple. He shivered when the cold metal touched him. 

"Y-yes." He sniffled. God, he was so fucking innocent. The innocent ones were always the most fun to destroy. 

"Sweetheart, when my cock is buried in your ass, you won't even notice them. I promise." I said softly, opening one of the clamps. His nipples were already hard, this wouldn't be too bad for him. 

He gasped softly, his eyes squeezing shut, as I closed the clamp on his right nipple. 

"See, it's not so bad, it is, baby?" I cooed, my thumb running slowly over his left nipple. He didn't say anything, just shook his head as if to agree. 

I loved this. Being so tender to him, but hurting him at the same time. It was a sinfully wonderful juxtaposition. 

"Oh," Jacob breathed as I closed the other clamp on delicate pink nipple. The heavy chain connecting the two lay on his chest. I originally intended to just leave it there. Because he was restrained, the chain wouldn't pull on his nipples too much. But he made me angry, so that just wouldn't do anymore. 

I took the chain in my hand, leaning over him. I pressed my lips tenderly to his, kissing him with all the love and passion that I truly felt for him, way down in my soul. Despite those feelings being real, I was merely using that as a distraction. As my brother's lips moved against mine, I brought the chain up to his neck and hooked it onto his collar. 

"Huh?" Jacob whimpered, looking down at the chain. His eyes started to tear up with fear. 

"Mm, you're going to want to be careful with those, baby doll." I said patronizingly, patting him on the head. 

I moved back to my place between his knees. I took the bottle of lube in my hand again, squirting a good amount onto my prick. I stroked myself, spreading the lube down my length, before pressing my dick against my brother's small hole. 

I gripped his hip with one hand, before pushing myself inside of him. My brother cried out loudly, trying, but failing, to remain immobile. His head tilted backwards slightly, making the clamps tug at his nipples.

I was only a couple inches inside of him. His hole was constricting wonderfully around my engorged member, massaging my cock as I tried to push more of my length into him. I fed my brother another inch or so, and he let out another loud moan, as my head rubbed against his prostate. 

"That's it, little Jacob. Moan for me. I want everyone in this fucking castle to know who you belong to." I said, pumping another inch into him. At this point I was only a little over halfway inside of his ass. I was trying to go slowly. I didn't care about hurting him, but I was worried about fucking him too roughly and not being able to use him again for a few days. 

At this point I pulled out of him gingerly, before pushing my prick inside him again. This time I went in about seven inches. Jacob moaned loudly, more loudly than he would've normally. He was uninhibited tonight, our parents were away for the week. 

"Mm, pet, you want your brother's cock inside of you?" I teased him, pulling completely out of his ass. 

"Please, please, brother." He whimpered, looking at me. He was craning his neck up, partly so that he could look into my eyes, and partly to avoid tugging on the clamps. 

"Tell me what you want." 

"I want my Master's cock inside of me." He begged. I smirked, grabbing his hips and thrusting completely into him. He cried out, this one was definitely from pain. His ass constricted, his thighs shook slightly and his body writhed away. His head flew back and he groaned as the clamps pulled his small pink nipples. 

I worked slowly, forcing my entire length in and out of his clenching hole. Jacob exhaled shakily, his hands opening and closing and he pulled against the restraints. I gently stroked his hips as I fucked him, staring down contemptuously into his eyes. 

"You're too good to me." Jacob whimpered. 

I gripped his cock. He was fully hard.

"You're such a fucking whore for me, aren't you?" I asked, jerking his length a few times. 

"Yes, yes, I love you, Master. I'll d-do anything f-for you, Master." I smirked. Good answer.

"Say thank you." I ordered, thrusting into him at a moderate pace. I wanted to draw this out. 

"Thank you Master, thank you for giving me your cock." 

His hands clenched together, his nails dug into his palm, creating small red crescents. His toes curled while I screwed him, pumping him full of my prick. Again and again I buried myself to the hilt inside his tight asshole, using him like a little fuck-toy. 

"M-master, please, please will you untie my hands? Please, let me touch you." His eyes were roaming over my body. I had only allowed him to see me naked a few times, and certainly he was never allowed to touch me. I needed to maintain my dominance over him. 

"What makes you think I'll let you touch me? You're a worthless fucking whore. Nothing more." I said harshly, gripping his hair with my hand, while I continued to abuse his hole.

"Don't you love me?" He begged. I snarled.

"No." I lied. "You're a worthless whore. Say it. I want everyone in the castle to know it." 

Jacob looked at me, with tears in his eyes. His face was pink, sweat ran down his forehead. Our spit mingled on his cheek and chin. God, he was beautiful. The most beautiful creature I'd ever seen. 

"I'm a w-worthless w-whore." He said sadly, his breath catching each time I filled him with my prick. 

"Louder." I commanded, my grip on his hair tightening. I tilted his head back slightly, and he gasped when he felt the chain tug on his nipples once more.
