 A/N: This story/series will contain gay sex, gay incest, vampires, bdsm, bondage, and some non-con/reluctance. Don't like, don't read.

*****

It was nearly sunset when I went to visit my brother again. 

The servant that I'd come across must've been guarding the room, because my brother was still securely fastened to the bedframe. 

Jacob looked relieved and terrified to see me. I smirked at him. 

"Hello, my brother." I said, pulling back the sheer white curtain on his bed. I sat next to him, petting his soft blonde hair. 

I couldn't imagine how uncomfortable he was. He hadn't fed. He hadn't been able to go to the washroom. He certainly hadn't been able to clean my dried cum from his ass, or his dried spunk from his chest. He was a mess. A wonderfully beautiful mess. 

"My love, please, please untie me. I need to pee, please, please untie me." 

I contemplated just leaving him there, making him piss himself. It wasn't the act itself that turned me on, but rather, the look that he would most assuredly have on his face afterwards. He'd be humiliated. 

But we had the rest of the night for his punishment. There were other, better ways. I untied him quickly, and he desperately pecked my lips before running from the room. I stretched out on the white satin sheets and waited for him. 

"Thank you, Alexander." He said breathlessly, climbing onto the bed next to me. Jacob didn't put any clothes on, so he was naked, save for the leather collar that was still secured tightly around his neck. He leaned over me and pressed his lips tenderly to mine. 

"Brother, you will address me as Master for the rest of the night." I said when he pulled away. His brows furrowed in confusion, his bottom lip jutted out slightly. 

"Why, Master?" His hand trailed to my cheek, and he stroked it gently. 

"You were disobedient last night. You need to be punished." I said simply, sitting up and pulling away from his hands. I rose from the bed nonchalantly.

"B-but, you left me tied up all day! Wasn't that my punishment?" He sputtered, his chest heaving. I chuckled darkly.

"No. And you're only making things worse for yourself by arguing with me." 

His cheeks flushed and he looked down at the floor. He looked so small, so weak. Jacob is only 5'5", so he's small to begin with, but when he gets embarrassed and caves in on himself, he looks almost like a child. 

"I'm sorry, Master. What would you like me to do for you?" He asked, meeting my eyes once more. His voice was soft, both quiet and earnest. 

"Obey me and don't ask questions." 

"I can do that, Master." He said, slipping from the bed to stand in front of me. I smiled at him, before wrapping my arms around him. I didn't pull him close though, he still needed to clean himself off and I was wearing a suit. I didn't want him getting it dirty. I leaned down and pressed a few warm kisses to his neck. My hand moved up to his collar and I unclipped it, letting it drop to the floor. 

"Follow me to the shower." 

His eyes lit up with excitement. We'd never showed together- we wouldn't now, but he didn't know that. 

His bathroom was large, it was larger than most people's bedrooms. The bathroom matched his room, it was mostly white, with a few feminine features. It was nothing at all like mine. 

The shower was the best part of the bathroom. The walls of it were clear glass, and it was large. Large enough to fit four comfortably- not that my brother would ever take advantage of that feature. There wasn't a door to the shower, there was just an opening in the walls. The shower head was on the opposite side, and the water from it didn't spill out. 

"Clean yourself off well, pet." I said, handing him a washcloth. He smiled at me, and walked into to the shower. When I didn't follow he gave me a questioning look. 

"Aren't you coming in too?" He asked self-consciously. 

"No, I'm going to watch." I said, standing in the entrance to the shower. 

"But I thought-"

"You are to obey and not ask questions. Are you capable of this, or aren't you?" I demanded. Jacob blushed and looked down again. 

"I'm sorry, Master." 

"Turn the water on and begin cleaning yourself." I ordered. 

Jacob nodded and turned away from me. He turned the water on, his skin breaking out in goose bumps as it ran across him. The water heated up quickly though, and he soon relaxed into the stream. He grabbed the bar of soap and rubbed it against the washcloth quickly, before placing it back on the shelf. 

I took in his body. His wrists and ankles had light purple bruises on them from the ropes. His ass was bruised too. He had small, shallow cuts on his hips from where my nails had dug in. But his wounds weren't really what I was noticing. 

His small, pale body was perfectly defined. His ass was firm and round. His legs were toned and hairless. He had small dimples just above his bottom. My eyes followed the curve of his spine, up his back, to his delicious neck. He had tilted his head back, feeling the warmth of the water on his face. I licked my lips, my cock stiffened in my pants. 

"Turn to face me." I said. 

Jacob was blushing profusely, his face was almost entirely pink. My eyes were glued to his body. 

He's beautiful, he really is. Jacob's body was toned, but he wasn't muscular. He had the delectable V lines leading from his stomach down to his groin. He was hairless, which I loved. His cock was semi-erect. 

"Am I pleasing?" He asked shyly, noticing my stare. 

"You're acceptable." I said, "No more questions." 

He nodded and continued cleaning himself. He ran the washcloth up his stomach, wiping off his dried cum. Then he moved the cloth to his ass, getting rid of my dried cum there. Every once in a while he'd meet my gaze, before quickly looking down to the shower floor again. 

He bent over, wiping down his leg. I smirked. 

"Bend over the other way." I said. He looked up, biting his lip. He turned again slowly, so his back was to me once more. He bent over, giving me a perfect view of his ass. My cock throbbed and I began rubbing myself over my pants. 

"Spread your cheeks for me." 

Jacob dropped the cloth and reluctantly spread his ass open for me. His tight pink knot looked delicious. 

"Play with yourself, pet." 

"Huh?" He abruptly stood to look at me. I smirked. 

"Play with yourself." I said again. He chewed his lip anxiously, looking down at the shower floor. 

"But-"

"I wasn't asking!" I growled. His eyebrows raised in fear, before he bowed his head submissively. 

"I'm sorry, Master." He said quietly. 

Jacob took his cock in his hand and began slowly stroking himself. He'd glance up at me anxiously every few seconds before looking back down to the floor. 

He moved at an agonizingly slow pace, and I watched him intently. His cock hardened quickly, and I licked my lips. I massaged myself over my trousers, watching his anxious strokes. 

"That's better." I said, "Pleasure yourself." 

Jacob's eyes fluttered closed as he worked. His hand increased speed slightly. 

"May I touch myself?" He asked. I chuckled. 

"Yes." 

His free hand immediately moved to his right nipple. He tugged on it gently, letting out a soft whimper. The speed of his hand increased further, and his breath hitched slightly. 

Jacob's so fucking sexy. There was a large part of me that wanted to just climb into the shower next to him and fuck him senseless. But I had a lot more in store for him tonight then a rough fuck in the shower. I could hold out. 

"M-Master..." Jacob moaned softly. I smirked. He wasn't going to last long, not with me watching him like this. 

"Please, can I cum, Master?" Jacob whimpered. 

"You're going to cum already, pet? You only just started playing with yourself." I said with a chuckle. Jacob's eyes met mine. He looked so desperate. 

"Please, I hardly slept at all yesterday. I've been thinking about you for hours." He explained, panting slightly. 

"You were thinking about me?" I smirked, raising my eyebrow.

"I only think about you." Jacob answered honestly. I could see his body beginning to tense, his toes were already curling against the shower floor.

"Cum for me." 

Jacob gasped loudly, his body shuddering under the warm water. He threw his head back, letting out a high-pitched moan. His spunk shot in streaks onto the tile floor of the shower, before it was quickly washed away by the water. His body twitched slightly as he came down from his climax. That was his first orgasm of the night, it wasn't close to his last though. I am way too good to him. 

Jacob opened his eyes slowly to look at me. He was awaiting his next instruction. 

"Come, dry off." I said simply. He nodded, turning the shower off eagerly. 

I held the towel out for him. I wrapped it around his shoulders, running it over his skin, wiping away the warm water. 

"Tell me brother, when you fantasize about me, what do you imagine me doing?" I asked with a smirk. Jacob relaxed against me. 

"It's embarrassing." He murmured. I dried off his chest quickly, moving the towel down to his legs. 

"Tell me." My voice was firm but not loud. 

"I imagine that we're making love." He said so softly it was hardly a whisper. My eyebrows furrowed together. I knew what he meant when he said that. He wanted it slow and gentle. I wasn't cut out for that sort of thing. I didn't respond. 

"What would you like of me now, Master?" Jacob asked. I moved the towel to his hair and dried it as best as I could. When I was finished I dropped the towel to the floor, and wrapped my arms around his small waist. 

"I want you to go to my room. Take the collar from the bedside table, and a leash, and bring them back to your bed. I'll be waiting there." 

"Should I get dressed first?" Jacob asked, looking up into my eyes. 

"No. Let the servants see." My hand trailed down his back, to his ass I gripped his cheek to make my point. Jacob blushed again before nodding. I released him and he headed out of the room. 

I looked out the window. It was probably close to ten o'clock. That was perfectly fine, it shouldn't take us more than an hour to get ready. 

I went to Jacob's closet and selected a large butt plug, a cane, and two pairs of padded restraints, one for his wrists, the other for his ankles. 

I walked to Jacob's bedside table and grabbed the bottle of lube. Then I set the items down on his bed and waited for him to return. 

Jacob came crawling back in on his hands and knees. He was carrying the collar and leash in his mouth. He sat on his knees at my feet, resting his hands between his legs.

"Good boy." I said, petting the top of his head. I leaned down, taking the items from his mouth. I put the leash on the bed, we wouldn't need it right away. My fingers danced across the cool leather, as I secured the collar around his neck. The tips of my fingers traced the gold letters on his nametag.

Alexander's

"Do you know why this collar is my favourite?" I asked, standing. 

"Why, Master?" 

"Because everyone who sees you will know exactly who you belong to." I said with a smirk. "Come up here."

"Everyone, Master?" Jacob asked as he climbed onto the bed. 

"We're having some guests over tonight. But that isn't important right now, pet." 

Jacob repositioned himself on the bed. He rested on his hands and knees, with his ass towards me. I took his feet in my hands, and pulled them together. I grabbed the restraints, quickly locking them around his ankles. 

"There are some extra rules you must follow tonight for when the guests arrive." I began, running my hand down his thigh. 

"Alexander who's co-"

"You are not to address me by that name!" I growled, immediately reaching for the cane. That was a simple rule, if he could not follow that...

"Master, mercy, please, I forgot!" He said quickly. 

"You are not to forget." I said, bringing the cane down on his ass. He shrieked, his body jerked away from me, his hands fisted. 

"Please, I'm sorry." He whimpered.

"Call me Alexander again and your punishment will be ten times worse." I warned. Jacob sucked in a deep breath, nodding his head. There was already a bright pink streak on his bottom. 

I grabbed the bottle of lube and squirted a decent amount onto my fingers, and spread more down the crack of his ass. 

"When the guests arrive you are to follow my instructions exactly. Do you understand?" I asked. I placed my index finger at his asshole, and slowly circled his knot. 

"Yes Master." 

I pushed my finger into his warmth. Jacob clenched around me, but didn't jerk away. 

"Relax." I said calmly. Jacob sucked in a deep breath and I pushed my finger further inside of him. 

"There will be a good number of people here tonight," I felt the almond-shaped nub inside his hole, and I stroked it deliberately. Jacob moaned immediately, arching his ass up towards me. "You are not to finish until everyone else has- including me." 

Jacob rested his forehead onto his balled fists, while I continued to massage his prostate. He let out a high-pitched whimper with every stroke. Finally, I pulled my finger out of his ass and he let out a groan of reluctance. 

"This is something you've been incapable of in the past." I continued. I brought two fingers to his hole and slowly pushed them in together. Jacob winced, his toes curled at the slight pain, but he offered no resistance. 

"Do you think yourself capable of it now?" 

"M-Master, I'll obey." He moaned, as I pumped his ass steadily. This was pleasurable for him. I was being far too nice. 

"There are two things you must remember tonight to avoid any further punishment." 

I scissored my fingers inside his ass, opening him up as much as I could. Jacob's breath was quickly becoming laboured. He was trying to control himself, and not get overexcited. It didn't matter. I'd allow him to cum again before the guests arrived.

"What, Master? I'll do anything you ask of me." Jacob said. 

"The first thing is," I pulled my fingers from his ass, and quickly spread more lube onto them. This time, I pushed three fingers into him. "you must remember your manners." 

As I said this, I massaged his prostate again. He moaned loudly, arching his back once more.

"Thank you, Master. Thank you for giving me pleasure." Jacob whimpered. I smirked. 

"Good boy." 

His ass was steadily opening up for me. I pumped into him quickly, pushing him closer to the edge. He'd cum soon. 

"What's-" He broke off to gasp as I rubbed his prostate again, "w-what's the other thing, Master?" 

"You must remember that you are here for our pleasure. You are the lowest on the food chain. You're a worthless whore, and you're lucky that we're spending our time on you." 

Jacob was twitching and whimpering as I spoke. I didn't even know if he registered anything I was saying. 

"Repeat that, Jacob." I stopped moving inside of him. 

"I'm a worthless whore for your pleasure." Jacob said quickly. I was surprised. 

"Good boy." 

I began pumping him again, filling his ass with my first three fingers. I knew he was getting close, and I wanted to make sure he'd remember his place. 

"Master, Master, please may I cum?" He begged. 

"Not yet." 

Jacob bowed his head submissively. He bit his thumb to keep from crying out. His legs shook beneath him as he tried to hold back. His toes curled, his feet flexed. His moans became louder and more frantic with each passing second, despite the fact he was trying to silence them. 

I smirked. One. Two. Three. And on and on. Twenty-eight. Twenty-nine. Thirty.

"Cum for me." 

Jacob came instantly. He cried out, his body jerked pathetically against the bed, against my hand. His jizz shot out onto the blankets. I watched the pool form. 

"That's a lot of cum, Jacob." I said, "Especially since I've let you cum once already." 

Jacob was panting softly as he came down from his high. I kept my fingers inside of him. 

"Thank you, Master. Thank you." He breathed. I chuckled darkly. I wiggled my fingers inside of him and he gasped. 

"We're not finished yet." I pulled my fingers out of his ass, and grabbed the butt plug. I spread a heavy amount of lube onto the toy, before placing it at his entrance. 

"Try to relax." I said, before slowly pushing it inside of him. Jacob whimpered, burying his face in his hands once more. 

I pushed the plug gently in and out of him, fucking him with it. Jacob sighed shakily, taking it without complaint. In, hold, out, in, hold. I worked him slowly, massaging his prostate with every pump of the toy. Jacob wasn't offering up much fight, which was good. We didn't have much time left. I still wanted to make him cum again though. He was an immortal being, a vampire. He could handle another one. 

"Mm, that's it pet. Take it." I murmured. It wasn't a huge plug, and after stretching him out with my fingers it didn't take long to get it all the way inside of him. But, by the time it was fully inside of him, Jacob was hard again. 

I left the plug inside him, and moved my hand between his thighs. I took his dick in my hand and stroked him slowly. He quivered at my touch. 

"There's one thing more, Jacob, that you must remember." I began jerking his prick faster. 

"W-what's that, Master?" Jacob asked against his fist. 

"I own you." It came out as a snarl. 

Jacob moaned loudly, his body began twitching uncontrollably. 

"Master, may I-"

"Cum for me." I demanded. 

My brother shuddered as his third orgasm hit. I pumped his dick rapidly, desperate not to leave a single drop of seed left. By the time his orgasm was over, he was covered in a thin layer of sweat and his breathing was ragged.

I patted his butt gently.

"There, that should hold you." I said, chuckling. 

I walked around to the other side of the bed, where his head was. He looked up at me, his face was red, he was still panting. 

"I can't believe you came three times in less than two hours. You really are a whore, aren't you?" I asked, crouching down so we were eyelevel.

"Yes, Master, I'm a whore." He croaked. A smile spread across my lips. 

"My whore." I said quietly, taking his face in my hands. 

"Always." He murmured. I leaned in to kiss him, but was interrupted by a sharp knock at the door. I stood abruptly.

"Yes?" 

The door opened and one of the servants stood in the frame. The curtains on Jacob's bed were drawn back, giving me a good view of the worker, and the worker a great view of Jacob's ass. 

"Your highness, guests are starting to arrive." He said. 

"Excellent. Take them to the front room. In fifteen minutes, direct them to the conservatory." 

"Yes, your majesty." He bowed his head and left quickly, shutting the door behind him. 

I leaned down in front of Jacob once more. 

"This will be the last time tonight that we kiss." I said, taking his face in my hands once more. 

Jacob nodded his understanding, before shutting his eyes. I pressed my lips softly against his. I pulled his lower lip in mine, sucking his tender skin. His tongue met mine and they danced together sinfully. It was a few seconds before I managed to pull away. My mouth moved to his cheek, then his temple, pressing warm kisses to his sweaty skin. God, I love him. 

His heart was beating wildly in his chest, I could feel his veins pulsing beneath his skin. My fangs started to extend, but I held them back, and reluctantly pulled away from my little brother. 

"You can feed Master, I drank enough." Jacob said softly. I gave him a small smile. 

"I wouldn't want you weak for our guests. Come now, brother, we must set up for their arrival."