 A/N: This story contains gay sex, incest, BDSM, reluctance/non-con, vampires (and as such there will be references to blood) and some chapters will contain group sex. If any of this makes you uncomfortable, don't read on.



Jacob slid from the bed and waited on his hands and knees. I attached the leather leash to his collar quickly. I held the cane and wrist restraints firmly in my other hand, and led him from his room. 

Jacob crawled behind me obediently, remaining silent as he should. We walked down the large staircase, past the dining room, past the front room and into the conservatory. 

It was a grand room, perfect for tonight. The walls were made of glass and the stars of the night shone brightly down on us. Trees surrounded our castle, so we were secluded. Large chandeliers hung from the ceiling, lighting the rest of the room. It truly was beautiful at night, but it was a vampire's worst nightmare in the day. The room had been emptied, save for a few large couches, and some side tables. On the tables were glasses of blood for our guests as well as a few black permanent markers. 

I took one of the glasses and downed it quickly. Jacob watched me, and licked his lips. 

"Are you thirsty, Jacob?" I asked. He shook his head. 

"What do you want then?" I asked. Jacob's gaze traveled down my body, and his eyes rested on the large lump that had formed beneath my trousers. I smirked, setting the empty glass onto the table. 

Jacob was resting on his knees, his hands were resting on his thighs. I sauntered towards him, and stood in front of him. 

"You want my cock Jacob?" I asked, curling my fingers in his hair. I brought his face to my crotch and rubbed my erection against him. 

"Yes Master." It came out muffled against my trousers. I chuckled. 

"Maybe later, if you please us." I said, releasing his face. His bottom lip jutted out slightly and I smirked. He's such a whore.

I moved behind him, pulling his arms behind his back. I quickly locked the padded restraints around his wrists, then clipped them to the shackles on his ankles. The two pairs of restraints created an "X" against his backside when I clipped them together. Jacob squirmed slightly. 

"Brother, I think our guests will be pleased with you." I said standing. I held the cane in my hand. I slowly ran it down his chest, down his torso and finally, down his thigh. 

"But if they aren't..." I pulled the cane back, as if to strike. My brother jolted slightly, and I chuckled darkly. 

"You will be obedient, won't you, Jacob?"

"Yes, Master." He answered, meeting my golden eyes. I smirked at him. 

"Good boy." I said. 

The French doors to the conservatory opened with a loud groan, and I turned to watch my guests fill the room. 

There were dozens of vampires. All male, all of indeterminable age. I knew that the youngest one was in his twenties, the eldest was over 500. All the men looked as though they were in their thirties or just slightly younger, but Jacob was by far the youngest. I glanced at him. 

His eyes were wide in shock and horror. Whatever he'd been expecting, it clearly wasn't this. There were a lot of vampires here. Jacob's cheeks burned bright pink and he chewed his lip anxiously.

"Friends, please make yourselves comfortable," I began when all of the men had filled the room. "It is with great pride that I offer for your entertainment, my brother, Jacob." 

Around the room there were nods and claps of approval as the vampires surveyed my slave. I smirked, walking behind him. 

"His mouth and face are yours to enjoy," I said, gripping his hair and pulling his face upwards. "But remember, his ass is mine." 

Most of the men chuckled at this, a few frowned. 

"Now, who would like to go first?" 

At this there was a scramble. About ten men immediately circled around my brother, each fighting to get directly in front of his face so they could fill his mouth. 

Lorcan was the first to enjoy my brother's mouth. He was a tall, raven-haired vampire, who looked about twenty-five but was actually nearly 200. He pulled his cock from his pants, and positioned it at Jacob's lips. 

Jacob looked cautiously up at me, unsure of what to do. 

I gripped my brother's hair, and pushed his face towards Lorcan's semi-erect cock. 

"Suck it, brother." I ordered. At this, Jacob opened his mouth, allowing Lorcan inside of him. 

Lorcan smirked at me, pumping my brother's face rapidly. Jacob groaned as Lorcan's dick hit the back of his throat. Jacob seemed slightly reluctant to work, and kept his head still as Lorcan fucked his mouth. Jacob's body writhed as Lorcan buried his entire cock down his throat and held it there. My brother gagged, his body wretched. Finally, the cock was pulled from his mouth, and my brother sucked in air, while spit ran down his chin. 

"Who else wants to fuck this whore's mouth?" Lorcan asked, smirking arrogantly. He was pushed aside by another vampire, who eagerly shoved his cock into my brother's awaiting mouth. 

"Why do I have to do all the work?" The new vampire, Charles, asked with a grin. My brother looked up at me, with Charles' dick buried deep in his mouth. 

"Suck his cock, brother." I demanded, pushing his face further down onto the dick. Charles laughed, as Jacob desperately tried to bob his head on the prick. 

"That's better, slut. Show me how much you want my cock." Charles moaned. 

I watched as my brother took cock after cock down his throat. My own dick was practically throbbing, watching my whore brother devour these stranger's pricks. He wasn't doing it for himself, he was doing it for me, because I liked it. That turned me on even more. 

I looked around the room. There were a handful of vampires- maybe ten- surrounding my brother, each with their cocks out, waiting for their chance to fuck his face. The rest were sitting on the couches, watching with smirks and grins of satisfaction. Some rubbed their own members through their pants. Some drank blood. But every single one of them had their eyes fixed on Jacob, my perfect little slut. 

"Damn, your brother sure knows how to suck cock." Lorcan said, as he moved to stand next to me. He handed me a glass of blood and had one for himself. I bowed my head slightly in thanks before taking a sip.

"I know. He picked up the skill rather quickly." I said with a smile. Lorcan nodded. 

"I can see that, how old is he?" 

"Almost 6 years younger than me, 18." I responded. Lorcan nodded and we both watched my brother for a few moments. He was taking a dick, it was about 6" long, all the way to the hilt. Spit ran down his chin and onto his bare chest as he worked. 

"How much would it cost to rent him for a few nights?" Lorcan asked. I barked out a short laugh.

"I don't share." I said. 

"What would you call this then, your Highness?" Lorcan queried. I pondered for a moment. 

"Foreplay." I said, smirking. Lorcan laughed. 

"Fair enough." 

I left Lorcan's side and moved behind my brother again. I unclipped the restraints on his wrists. 

"Thank you, Master." Jacob panted when the vampire left his mouth. 

"Put them to good use, pet." I ordered. Jacob reached his hands out and they were instantly filled with eager cocks, waiting to be serviced. His mouth was filled promptly too. 

I rose again, watching the glorious display. My brother had a few stray tears running down his cheeks, and spit running down his chin. The noises he was making- the gagging, slurping, sucking, noises- were heavenly to listen to. 

Suddenly the man in his mouth let out a loud groan. He gripped my brother's hair and pumped deliberately into his mouth a few times, shooting his load down my brother's throat. Finally he pulled out and tucked his dick back into his pants. 

Jacob gagged, spitting the man's cum onto the floor. I growled, pulling back Jacob's hair roughly, before a new cock could enter his mouth. 

"When someone cums in your mouth you swallow it. Understand?" I snarled. Jacob was panting. 

"I'm sorry, Master." Jacob breathed. 

"Don't apologize to me." I said, turning his face to look at the man. I held his hair with one hand, and the cane in the other. 

I brought the cane down hard on his ass and my brother shrieked with pain. 

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" My brother cried, tears flowing from his eyes. I brought the cane down hard on him again. Again, he screamed, his body jerking away from me. The men around me chuckled, delighting in his punishment. 

I released his hair, pushing him forward.

"Someone put a cock in this worthless whore's mouth." I said contemptuously. My brother's hands and mouth were filled again. 

The vampires treated him like he was worthless, too. He was just a hole to be fucked, a slut to be abused. And my brother played the role well. He looked eager, eager to take all the cocks, make them all cum. It was all for me. To please me, to earn my respct or admiration, or quite possibly my love. He didn't need to earn anything, but I was content not to tell him. This was just too much fun. And besides, if anyone ever got the idea that I loved him, this was good evidence to prove otherwise.

The vampire inside my brother's mouth pulled out and held my brother's hair. He stroked his length rapidly, before letting out a loud moan and shooting his seed all over my brother's left cheek. Jacob's face scrunched up and he closed his eyes as the man came on his face. 

"What do we say, Jacob?" I growled, running the cane gently across his back. He shuddered. 

"Thank you, thank you for your load." Jacob said quickly, his chest heaving. Another cock filled his mouth. 

"Good boy." 

Jacob stroked the dicks in his hands quickly, while his head bobbed up and down on the large cock filling his mouth. 

"What do you want from these men, Jacob?" I asked. The man in his mouth pulled out to let him answer.

"I want them to treat me like a whore. Please, please, cum on my face." Jacob begged, his voice desperate and high in pitch. I laughed. 

One of the vampires, Klay, grabbed one of the markers from the table and leaned behind my brother. He scribbled something on my brother's hip and I leaned to the side to look at it. 

Whore

I looked at Klay and he winked at me. 

"Suitable." I said, nodding towards him. 

More men crowded around my brother. They were getting restless. Some began slapping his cheeks and head with their cocks, two of them took turns in his mouth. 

"Fuck!" Lorcan moaned, gripping my brother's hair and pulling his face over. A dick was still pumping in my brother's mouth as Lorcan exploded on my brother's forehead. 

"Thank you, sir." My brother breathed quickly as soon as the cock in his mouth left. I smiled. He was catching on. 

The men were getting more and more aroused as they watched my brother's face get slowly covered with spunk. It seemed as soon as one finished, another was ready to shoot his load onto my brother's face, or into my brother's mouth. 

I massaged myself over my trousers, trying to remain in control as I watched a third vampire shoot his load into my brother's hair. A fourth came on my brother's shoulder. A fifth on my brother's cheek. 

More and more men took turns with the marker, writing hateful words along my brother's perfect body, covering him with ink. 

Slut, Bitch, Cum-Dumpster, Worthless, Human

"My pet needs more jizz on his face, who wants to give it to him?" I asked, beaming evilly when more men from the couches joined the circle, eager to take part in my brother's humiliation. 

Number six erupted inside my brother's mouth. This time my brother swallowed obediently. Seven added more cum to his forehead, where it slid down his face, coating his eyelid. Eight aimed for his right eye, which was luckily already squeezed shut. Nine's load shot at my brother's left cheek in thick streaks. My brother's face was covered in jizz by the time number ten exploded onto his blonde hair. 

We weren't even halfway done yet. But I couldn't wait much longer. I needed to be inside Jacob. And as for Jacob, his cock was rock hard and dripping pre-cum, he needed me to be inside him too. 

I moved behind him, resting my hand on his back and gently pushing him forward. He released the cocks he was stroking, and the dick in his mouth pulled out. Jacob braced himself, pressing his hands firmly against the expensive marble floors, presenting his ass to me. Some men around me hooted, seeing the end of the butt plug inside his ass. 

"Yes, please Master, please take me." Jacob whined. The vampires around me chuckled, and I gave his ass a hard slap. He yelped loudly, but didn't pull away. 

"Your brother's such a fucking whore." Nathan said, grinning as he pushed his cock back into my brother's mouth. I laughed with him. 

The men moved around my brother, some standing, some on their knees. One let out a deep, guttural moan, cumming on my brother's back in heavy ropes. At this, Nathan came, shooting deep into my brother's mouth. 

"How many men have finished, Jacob?" I asked. I was on my knees behind him, holding the cane threateningly in my hand, not that he could see it. 

"I-I don't know, Master." Jacob stuttered, bowing his head. 

"Guess." I ordered. The men around me smirked, awaiting the punishment that would surely come. My brother already had three pink streaks on his ass. They would most definitely bruise. 

"Fifteen?" Jacob guessed cautiously. 

"That's wrong." I said.

"No! Please-"

I brought the cane down hard on his ass. He cried out, his body arching as the pain shot through him once again. I hit him again, this time on his thighs. I planned on hitting him again, since he was off by three, but as I prepared to strike, a vampire in front of him came, releasing his seed onto my brother's cum-covered face. 

I chuckled, running my hand tenderly over my brother's ass. The last hit, the one on his thigh, had already formed a welt. 

"Master, I'm sorry. It's thirteen now." Jacob winced. I patted his ass gently. 

"That's right, pet." 

Another man moved to his mouth. 

I moved my hand to the plug, and gripped the end of it. I gingerly pulled it from my brother's ass. He moaned loudly around the anonymous cock as I took it completely out of him. I beamed, looking into my brother's beautiful gaping ass. 

"Lube." I ordered, holding out my hand. Someone handed me a small bottle and I quickly took my dick out of my pants. 

"You want your big brother's dick in your ass?" I asked Jacob. He moaned loudly and nodded his head. The man that was fucking his mouth laughed. 

I spread a heavy amount of lube onto my cock and stroked myself a few times to spread it down the length. I pressed the tip against my brother's open asshole, before pushing roughly inside of him. He groaned, his body jerked, but then he settled quickly. He was trying to stay as still as he could. 

I pushed the first few inches in without much of a struggle. But after I got about halfway in, I had to pull out of him and push in again. Push in, hold, pull out, push in, hold, pull out. I went at a moderate pace, not too fast to cause serious discomfort, but not so slow that people could accuse me of being gentle either. 

Finally, after a few minutes, -and four more anonymous orgasms- all nine inches of my cock were buried in my little brother's tight ass. 

"Is his ass nice and tight, Prince Alexander?" I grinned, looking up at the vampire. 

"Fuck yes." I responded, thrusting quickly into my brother's clenching hole. Jacob was moaning uncontrollably now, it was nearly impossible for him to keep a dick in his mouth. 

"Someone pass me a marker." I said, as I fucked my brother mercilessly. I was handed one swiftly. I bit the cap off, and brought the marker down to his bruised ass. In my formal cursive, I marked him. 

Mine

Then I signed my initials underneath it. 

"Oh, Master, please, may I cum?" Jacob whined, his legs beginning to shake beneath him. He was exhausted. 

"What do you think, boys, should I let him cum?" I asked. A chorus of "No" was the response. 

"You heard them Jacob, hold it." 

Jacob groaned, sinking down to his elbows. The cum on his face dripped onto the marble floors. 

"Fuck yourself on my cock, Jacob." I said, gripping his hips. He whimpered, rocking back and forth on my dick. God, his ass was tight, it felt so good, even going at this slower speed. 

He was too exhausted to be able to do much. I slapped his bruised ass. 

"God, you're pathetic brother." I said, slamming back into him. He moaned, his toes curling, his ass clenching. 

It wasn't long before the remaining men came. There were two more loads in his mouth, three more to his face, two more to his hair, and four more to his back. By the end of it there was less bare skin then seed. 

"Tell these men what you are, brother." I ordered, pumping into his ass recklessly. 

"I-I'm a worthless w-whore." My brother groaned. 

I came. I held his hips tightly in my hands, fucking him without abandon. My seed coated the inside of his ass, filling him completely. 

"Cum, Jacob." I said breathlessly, still riding out my orgasm. 

Jacob's body shuddered, every inch looked like it was vibrating as his orgasm ripped through his slender frame. His high-pitched moan filled the conservatory. 

When we were both finished, I pulled out of him and he sunk to the ground completely, laying in a puddle of sweat and semen. I tucked my dick back into my pants and rose. 

"Thank you for coming. My brother needed to learn his place." I said, smiling warmly at all the men. They grinned back at me. Some came up and shook my hand, some thanked me, others left without saying a word. Eventually they all cleared out. 

Jacob was panting on the floor. He looked destroyed. 

"Brother." I said quietly, sinking down next to him. 

"Did I please you, Master? Did I make you happy?" He asked tilting his face towards me. 

"You did very well. I'm proud of you" I said, "Come, the sun will be out shortly. I'll bathe you and then put you to bed." 

I picked Jacob up gingerly, carrying him bridal style out of the conservatory. 

"Could I sleep in your room tonight?" Jacob asked, curling up into my chest. 

"You know I like sleeping alone." I said quietly. 

"Mm, okay." He said sadly. 

"I love you, Alexander." Jacob whispered. I swallowed thickly, but didn't say anything. 

In a few short moments, Jacob was fast asleep in my arms.