 A/N: I'm really surprised that I didn't get more hate because of the last chapter I posted. Though I can say that some of you really, really hate Alexander. Out of curiosity, is anyone's favourite character Alexander? 

Anyway, as you probably know by now: this story contains gay sex, incest, BDSM, vampires (therefore, this might not appeal to the squeamish) and other times of rough/degrading/non-con sex that some may deem as offensive. If that's not your bag, don't read on.



I ran my hand slowly down my brother's back, tracing his spine with my cold fingers. He groaned, arching his back down, tilting his head up. When I reached the rope, I grabbed it and pulled. His wrists came together behind him, causing him to cry out with surprise. I smirked, knotting the rope, then continuing to trace down his body. 

Jacob's breath was coming in pants, his body was practically shaking in a beautiful combination of nervousness and arousal. When I reached his feet, I swiftly tied them together. Jacob groaned quietly. 

I walked around to the side of the bed, admiring my work. His pale skin was a delicious contrast to the black sheet. He had a trail of blood sliding slowly down his neck, beneath the black leather collar, and I licked my lips in anticipation. 

"I must say, you look marvelous hog tied, Jacob. I'm starting to think I should leave you like this all the time." I said with a grin. He raised his eyebrows in fear, and tried to object. Whatever he was trying to say was muffled by the ball gag that was forced between his teeth. 

I leaned down in front of him, so my face was level with his. 

"You really impressed me the other night." I said honestly, running my hand through his soft blonde hair. 

"You impressed all the other men too. They all wanted to borrow you." A look of true horror came into his eyes, and I ran my fingers gently down his cheek to cup his chin. 

"You don't need to worry about that, my pet. You're mine," I leaned closer so my lips were nearly touching his ear, "and I don't lend away my things." 

Jacob relaxed at this. I pulled away so I could look into his eyes again. 

"You have been very well behaved. I almost feel like I should reward you. But I've gone through all this effort to tie you up, and you do look so nice. It'd be a shame for my effort to go to waste." His eyes were fixed on me. 

"I don't have to use these things, you know." I said, motioning to the array of whips and canes on the floor beside me. Jacob's eyes lit up.

"I can be gentle. Even when you're vulnerable, even when you're tied up." I breathed. I leaned closer to him again and pressed a soft kiss to his cheek. He shuddered and his eyes fluttered closed briefly. 

"You've been so good," I said contemplatively. I looked down at myself. I was fully dressed. I had a dark blue vest on and a crisp white shirt and dress pants. I hardly ever let Jacob see me naked. 

"Would you like to watch me undress?" I asked, holding his chin. His eyes widened slightly before he slowly nodded his head. He looked like he was a little nervous, almost like he was afraid if he was too eager I'd back out of it. I wasn't that cruel.

I stood up and backed away from him. I was halfway between the French doors to my bedroom and my bed. 

I slowly, teasingly unbuttoned my vest. His eyes were trained on my fingers. As I slid my vest off, Jacob shuddered slightly in anticipation. My hands moved to my collar. I popped the first two buttons open, when we were interrupted by a knock on the door. 

Jacob looked absolutely defeated. 

"Enter." I said, with an amused grin, turning. Normally I didn't like being interrupted, but it was enjoyable watching Jacob squirm. 

A servant entered and bowed deeply. He didn't even really look at Jacob. At this point, many of the servants were used to seeing him tied up in my bed. 

"Your Highness, Marcus Van Andel is requesting your presence in the conservatory." The man said. I grinned. 

"Has he offered a reason for his unexpected visit?" I asked. 

"No, your Highness. Would you like me to go ask him?" 

"No, no. That's fine. I'll be down momentarily. Thank you." 

The servant bowed again and left, shutting the heavy wooden door behind him. 

I walked swiftly towards Jacob, picking my vest up off the floor. 

"I'll be back soon." I said, pressing a kiss to his forehead. He groaned loudly, and protested as I pulled on my vest and headed out the door. 

I headed briskly down the staircase, buttoning up my shirt and vest as I went. I was excited, which didn't happen very often when it came to people other than Jacob. But Marcus was one of my dearest friends. I'd known him since I was quite young, even before Jacob was born. 

When I entered the conservatory he bowed his head to me. 

"Don't." I said, with a smile. 

"My lord." He said with a grin, flourishing his hand and bowing even further. 

"Stop." I said, playfully shoving him. He laughed and we pulled each other into a platonic hug. The two of us were quite close, much like brothers. It wasn't the same sort of love I had for Jacob though. My love for my blood brother was so much deeper. 

"Jacob didn't want to say hello?" Marcus asked, sitting down on one of the couches. I sat on the couch opposite and looked through the glass at the starry sky. 

"He couldn't. He's tied up at the moment." I said.

A servant entered and offered both Marcus and I glasses of blood, which we both accepted. I sipped it casually. I didn't feel a need to act regal in front of Marcus, our relationship was much closer than that. 

"Yes, I heard. You had a little party here a few nights ago. Being your best friend I would've assumed I'd be on the guest list. Apparently not." Marcus glared at me. 

"I thought you were courting Allegra. I didn't think this party would be... to your taste." I said. Marcus took a sip from his glass and frowned. 

"What taste? I have no taste. As long as I'm the one on top, so to speak, the gender is meaningless." He said with a shrug. 

"I'll keep that in mind for the future." I studied Marcus carefully. His black hair was slightly messy, and there was a look of worry in his golden eyes. 

"So, what's the real reason you came here? I know it wasn't just to chastise me for withholding an invitation." 

"Your parents are coming home early." He said. My eyes widened in shock. 

"When will they be here?" 

Marcus looked at his watch. 

"Five minutes." 

I looked at him, aghast. 

"You couldn't have told me earlier?" I asked, hurriedly jumping from the couch. They weren't supposed to be home for a few days. While there wasn't anything I needed to hide from them, I was disappointed to find out they'd be home sooner. I hated them both. 

Marcus followed me as I walked into the entrance to wait for them.

"I only just found out myself." He said. 

"Why are they coming home early?" I asked, turning to face him.

"Bad news. That's all I can say." Marcus breathed. 

"Perfect." I muttered under my breath. I heard the familiar sound of hooves outside the castle door. They were home. Marcus left the room. 

I held my breath. 

The servants opened the large ornate doors for them as they entered. My step-mother was wearing a large green gown with a tight fitting bodice. Her breasts looked like they were going to fall out of the dress at any moment. Her dark hair was up in a bun, adding a harsh, professional element to her look. My father's grey hair was trimmed short, and his eyes were steely. 

"Alexander." My father said, as I bowed to him. The woman remained silent. That was her place. 

"Father." 

"Follow." My father was a man of few words. He was harsh and unloving. He loved only one thing in the world: power. And he'd do anything to get his greedy hands on more of it. We were quite the same in that way. 

I followed both of my parents into the front room. They each sat on two large chairs, so ornate they could almost be considered thrones. I sat opposite them on a couch. 

"The servants tell me that you and your brother have been spending a lot of time together." My father said, eyeing me suspiciously. 

"Which servants have been saying that?" I queried. I'd kill them. 

"Too many of them for you to slay, Alexander." My father metaphorically read my mind. I gritted my teeth. 

"Perhaps that's true. Is there anything wrong with having a plaything?" I tried to seem cavalier about the whole thing. 

"Not at all. There is a problem, however, with you becoming infatuated with your plaything," my father's eyes turned dark, "and if I think for even a moment that you have-"

"I know the punishment, Father. You don't need to worry. Jacob is not essential to my happiness." I lied, matching my father's domineering stare. I didn't show weakness in front of anybody, I certainly wouldn't show it to my father. 

"Good, see it remains that way." 

"Is this the only reason you've cut your trip short?"

"No. It has come to our attention that your birthday is in less than two months." The King said, looking me up and down. 

"Yes. You've never been present for any of my birthdays except the first, so why start now?" 

"You're nearly twenty-five, Alexander!" He shouted. I remained neutral. I thought I knew what he was getting at, but I really hoped I was wrong. 

"You're going to be taking over the throne in less than a month and you haven't chosen a bride yet! You haven't even begun courting anyone. You've not held a single ball, masquerade or gala. You have an image to uphold and a kingdom to expand!" My father's fangs extended menacingly. I tried my hardest not to roll my eyes. 

"I don't see why I need to be married. The woman doesn't help with any of the responsibilities." I said, looking at my step-mother. She twitched her nose and looked away from me. 

"You know why. First, it's tradition. Second, you have an image to uphold. And the third and most important reason is because we need to expand our kingdom. I've explained this to you countless times. I married your mother-"

"So that you could control the vampiric colonies in Germany. I know." My father gave me a reproachful look.

"Don't interrupt me again. Yes. It's the way this works. You'll marry and expand our territory; your son will marry and further expand our territory et cetera, until the Fairfield's have control of the entire population." 

This time, I actually rolled my eyes. My father thought he would actually still be alive by the time this happened? Why did he even care? Besides, even if we ruled the entire clan, then what? We start an uprising and overtake the humans? We already tried that, the vampires went on a rampage and ate most of the population, we starved, a bunch of us died off and the levels returned to normal. 

"Father, I have no interest in marrying. I have no interest in expanding the territory. I will be a good leader, but I will do it without a bride." 

"I'm not asking, Alexander. You will marry. And you will do it by the time you're twenty-five." 

"What?!" I spluttered, standing. By the time I was twenty-five? That was so soon, too soon. Never mind the fact that I don't even know any female nobility, but what about Jacob? I haven't planned where he would go. I haven't trained him for the world outside this castle. And most importantly, I don't want anyone else, I want Jacob. 

"You can't make me marry." I said defiantly. It was true. I was going to become King on my twenty-fifth birthday, whether I took a bride or not. 

My father rose and stood in front of me. 

"Let me be perfectly clear. None of this is optional. If you don't marry by your twenty-fifth birthday, I'm going to kill your plaything." My father's voice was steely. I kept my face void of emotion, though I felt as though the blood had frozen in my veins. 

"He's just a toy. I don't need him." I said. 

"Don't make me call your bluff, Alexander." 

Our gaze met. He won. He knew he won. 

"You're excused." 

I turned on my heel and walked out of the room. 

I was fuming. I was angrier than I could ever remember being. How dare he tell me what to do? How dare he threaten me? I felt like I was going to be sick to my stomach. The fact that he was actually intimidating me only made me angrier.

He was never a part of my life. He was always away, threatening villages and being your typical egotistic bloodsucker. He thinks he can just walk back in and tell me who I can and cannot love? He thinks he can threaten me, threaten my Jacob?

There wasn't a single person in the world that I hated more than my father. And as much as I hate to admit it, there was no one in the world I was more afraid of. And now he had embarrassed me, and threatened me and there was nothing I could do about it. At least, not yet. 

I walked into my bedroom and slammed the door shut. I locked it. 

Jacob looked up at me. My beautiful Jacob. He looked exhausted, but his eyes lit up when he saw that it was me. It's unfortunate for him that I'm not longer in a good mood. 

I walked in front of the bed and he turned his head towards me expectantly. Perhaps he was expecting a kiss or some sort of recognition that I'd actually seen him. I didn't give either to him. 

I grabbed a leather flogger and promptly moved to the other side of the bed. Jacob let out a surprised squeak when he saw what I grabbed and began shifting uncomfortably on the bed- well as much as he could with both his arms and ankles tied back. 

"I'm in a bad mood Jacob." I said, reaching into the bedside table and pulling out a clear bottle of lube. Jacob whimpered quietly. I spread the lube down the crack of his ass and he shivered slightly. 

"I'm going to be rough with you." I concluded, pushing my middle finger into his hole. Jacob moaned quietly at the invasion. He didn't object to me telling him that I was going to be rough. Not that he really could, he did have a ball gag in his mouth. But he didn't pull away or make any noise of complaint. 

There were still bruises all over his body from the other night. The cane had definitely done its job. I ran my free hand over the welt on his thighs and Jacob jolted away. 

"Don't run away from me Jacob." I warned. I was in no mood to play. He whimpered again. 

"You should thank me for the bruises I leave on you. You should thank me for spending my time on you." I said, pushing another finger into him. He moaned softly, his hands fisted behind his back. 

"Does it feel good?" I asked, massaging his channel. 

"Mmmhhh" He moaned against the gag, pushing his ass towards me. I smirked. 

When both of my fingers could move easily inside of him, I spread the lube down my dick. 

"You want your big brother's cock?" I asked, running my hand over his ass. I held my prick firmly with the other and positioned it at his small hole. 

He moaned again, to encourage me to continue. I pushed the head of my cock into his ass. He squealed and again jerked away from me. I growled. 

"You disobeyed me." I said, grabbing the flogger and sending it flying down hard on his ass. He screamed against the gag, arching his body. I know that I should've been easier on him. At the very least I should've built it up, started with smaller whips, less painful instruments. But I didn't have the time or patience for that. I wanted to hear him scream. I wanted to torture him, my little plaything. 

There was something so sexy about it for me. He was so innocent, so pure. Destroying him was exhilarating. He was also so small and fragile, but I couldn't break him. He'd beg for mercy, but I'd keep going, push his limits, and he'd be okay. A little sore, but okay. But I think the sexiest thing out of everything else, was that he always came crawling back. His loyalty was unshakeable. As was my love for him- though I could never verbalize it. He could never know. 

His ass was arched up, and I was on my knees behind him. I wanted more leverage, so I put my leg over his ass, sort of straddling him so I could fuck him deeper and harder. I didn't waste time making sure his ass was adjusted to my length or girth. I pushed my cock all the way inside his young ass. 

He cried out. Even though the ball gag was blocking him from speaking, I could tell that his voice was thick with tears. Had I hurt him this much already? That was fast. 

"You're so fucking pathetic, brother." I groaned, pumping into him quickly. Jacob's body reacted to my every thrust. He would arch his back or lower his head or cry out. I wanted to whip him again, he didn't give me a reason too, but I didn't care. I was fucking pissed. 

I know it's wrong to take my anger at my father out on my little brother, but it's just so easy. And it's so much fun. And honestly, I needed to do this. Not just for myself, but for Jacob too, whether he saw that or not. What would my father think if he heard us making love? No, this needed to happen. 

I brought the flogger down hard on him again. His shriek was loud and high-pitched. The whipping combined with the rough fucking was probably pushing him near his breaking point, both in terms of climaxing and passing out. I wondered which would come first. If he could talk he'd most definitely be begging for mercy now. 

"I bet you'll still cum for me, won't you Jacob?" I asked contemptuously. Jacob groaned his response. I knew he would. He couldn't resist. 

I picked up the speed. My balls were slapping against his ass, my cock was pumping against his prostate. His hands were clenching and unclenching, like he was trying to grab something, anything for support. 

I wondered if anyone could hear him out in the corridor. I hoped they could. I hoped my father could hear what was happening, and how rough I was being with him. How little I care if I hurt him. I needed my father to know that I really didn't care how bruised he ended up, or how long it took him to be able to walk properly again. 

"Fuck, Jacob, I'm going to cum." I breathed, gripping his hips. Jacob bowed his head and rested it against the silky blankets. He came before me, letting out a load moan and shooting his seed onto my sheets. I should've thought of that and prepared better. 

As Jacob's body was twitching as he was coming down from his climax, I was sent over the edge. I groaned quietly, cumming in his small, abused asshole. I made sure that my entire load ended up coating the walls of his ass, before I finally, somewhat reluctantly pulled out of him. 

I was panting softly as I untied the rope. My fingers traced the collar, but I left it on. I reached forward slightly and undid the gag. Jacob whimpered as it fell from his mouth. His jaw must be really sore, I left it in for quite a while. No matter. 

I sunk down on my bed and rested my head against the pillows. Jacob turned and faced me.

"Could I sleep in here, with you?" He asked softly, looking at me with his big golden eyes. He had tears running down his cheek. He looked so adorable. Inside of me I felt this urge to pull him to my chest. I wanted him to fall asleep in my arms, I wanted to wake up with him the next night. 

"Get out." I said firmly. He looked heartbroken. He nodded sadly and climbed off the bed. He shut the door quietly behind him. 

I'm so in love with that boy.