  Sorry this took so long to get up! My updates should be somewhat more regular now that my schedule has calmed down- thanks for sticking by me. 

As always this series contains gay sex, incest, vampires, BDSM, abuse and blood. This chapter does have a little more blood and abuse than other chapters, so if that offends you, please don't read on. 

*****

"Did my father send you out here to babysit me?" I asked, leaning back in the lavish arm chair. Marcus gave me a small smile.

"Are you going to kill me if I say yes?" Marcus asked, crossing his left leg over his knee. 

"I'm not going to kill you." I said. Marcus barked out a short laugh. He rose and started pacing around the library. 

"You can't kill your father." Marcus replied, leaning against a bookshelf. 

"Not yet." I muttered. Marcus snickered. 

"I know you hate him, but he makes a lot of sense." Marcus said, taking a book off the shelf and flipping through it casually.

"Stop. Defend him and I really will kill you." I stood to face him. He was an inch shorter than me, but his dark hair and devilish eyes would've been intimidating if I was anyone other than myself. 

"I'm just saying, the man is a good vampire. I mean, you are too, but he's powerful. You could be like that one day. If you actually had ambition to expand. Imagine, Alexander Fairfield, King of North America and Europe. One day, the entire world!" Marcus said.

"Right," I murmured sarcastically, "I'm not interested in world conquest." 

"Well, that doesn't really matter. Your father has arranged a ball." He said with a shrug. 

I groaned, sinking back onto the chair. A ball? I'd attended far too many to count over the 24 years that I'd been alive. They were simply detestable. The people were stuffy and arrogant. The dancing was robotic and uninteresting. The expectations were too high. 

And this one would be worse, because I'd have to find at least one woman (with a good amount of land) tolerable. It was hard to find anyone at these things that I wanted to dance with for five minutes, never mind live with and fuck for an eternity. 

"It may not be that bad." Marcus said. He was grinning though, because he knew he was the one being unrealistic. Marcus didn't understand, he would never have to get married. 

"Fuck you." I said simply. Marcus laughed, shaking his head.

We were interrupted by a quiet knock on the door. 

"Come in." I said, and the door creaked open. Jacob stepped inside the library with an anxious grin. 

"Hello brother." I said, eyeing him up and down. He looked delicious. His blonde hair was perfectly combed. He was wearing a fresh white shirt and black pants, but he didn't have a vest or a jacket on. He was also wearing a collar, my favourite collar. It was the one with the gold tag that read:  Alexander's

I was glad he was wearing it more regularly now. We had decided (or rather, I had decided and then informed him) that he would keep in on most of the time. It was a training collar. We haven't talked about it much, but I know that he really wants me to collar him - really collar him. I don't know if I'll ever have the option to, though I would like nothing more. 

"May I come in?" He asked shyly. Marcus' eyes were fixed on Jacob, but Jacob kept his eyes on me. 

"Of course, we'd be glad of the company." Marcus said. Jacob didn't come further in, and kept his eyes on me, waiting for my approval. 

"Come in, pet." 

Jacob grinned and walked into the library, shutting the door behind him. 

"It's nice to see you Jacob." Marcus said, pulling my pet in for a hug. Jacob hugged him back and mumbled a greeting into his chest. 

When Jacob pulled away I motioned for him to come to me. I rose to meet him, but instead of hugging him, I pulled his face to mine and kissed him. He moaned with surprise and pleasure into the kiss. I surprised myself with how tender I was being, especially in front of Marcus. My lips moved gently against his and my tongue licked at his lips, but I didn't force it past. My hands travelled in his hair, running through the light blonde locks. It was thirty seconds before I released him. 

Marcus looked at me with one eyebrow raised. 

"I feel like watching my best friend and his little brother kiss should make me uncomfortable, but it really doesn't." He said, sitting in his chair. "It's actually kind of hot." 

I felt Jacob's cheeks flush in my hands and he buried his nose against my chest. He was being very physically needy, but I didn't mind. His desperation turned me on, he was more willing to take harsher punishments. 

"I can't imagine how hot it was the other night- with all those vampires using him." Marcus said, meeting my eyes. I smirked. 

Jacob's grip on me tightened and I knew he was embarrassed. Perhaps he was even a little nervous. 

"Don't be ashamed Jacob." I said, running my hand down his back. It was wonderful watching him be so submissive. It was even more wonderful knowing that he had given himself completely over to me, allowed me to use him, allowed my friends to use him-under my supervision of course. 

I own him. 

I released him and sat down in my chair again. Jacob stood staring at me for a few seconds. He looked so nervous, he was caving in on himself, his eyes were downcast.

"May I sit on your lap?" He asked quietly. I could tell he was nervous to be saying this in front of Marcus. He could hardly handle humiliation in front of only me, in front of others...

"Of course. But I need you to do something for me first." I said. Jacob's eyebrows raised and he licked his lips. 

"What do you want me to do, Master?" He asked quietly. I smiled, he is catching on. 

I took his hand in mine and moved it to my pants. My cock was semi-erect and I wanted him to take care of it. 

Jacob bit his lip, sending an anxious glance over to Marcus. He quickly looked back at me, and began moving his hand over my pants, massaging my ever-growing cock. 

"Show Marcus how much of a worthless whore you are." I breathed, leaning up. I took his chin in my hand and held his face still, so that he could only look into my eyes. Jacob nodded slowly and sunk down onto his knees in front of me. He licked his lips again- out of nervousness or arousal I wasn't sure- and then he brought his fingers to the zipper on my pants, and pulled it down. 

"Is this actually happening?" Marcus asked. 

"If it makes you uncomfortable, you're free to leave." I responded. Jacob's hand grasped my cock, and he pulled it from my pants obediently.

"Fuck that," Marcus said, sitting in the chair next to me, "You know me, I like watching." 

My hand moved to Jacob's soft blonde hair, the other relaxed on the arm rest. Jacob chewed his lip anxiously, before finally running his tongue over the tip of my cock. 

"Good boy." I breathed, tightening my grip on his hair. I actually wanted him to know how much of a good boy he was being - pleasuring me without question in front of someone else. 

Jacob glanced up at me again, his gold eyes meeting mine. He pushed his face down on my prick, not breaking eye contact. I moaned softly, as the warmth of his mouth encompassed my dick. 

He blew me slowly at first. His tongue explored the length of my cock, flicking against the underside of my head. His hand gripped the base and he ran it up and down, jerking me while his mouth worked around the tip. 

Jacob moaned quietly, forcing more of his head down onto me. His eyes squeezed shut instinctively, as he choked on my cock. I wanted to push him past this, so I fisted his hair and held him down on my length, waiting a few agonizing seconds before letting him come off. He gasped, and spit trailed from his mouth onto my dick. 

"You can do better than that Jacob. I know you can take all of it." I said sternly, pulling his hair back, tilting his face upwards towards me. He blushed and nodded, leaning back towards my dick again. He whimpered before taking my cock between his full lips again. 

This time he went quickly. He moved his head eagerly up and down my length, almost taking everything down his throat. There was a lot of spit running down my shaft now, and his sucking was now audible. 

"He's such a good boy- such a good slut." Marcus murmured in wonder. He reached his hand out and rested it on the back of Jacob's head. He pushed down, and Jacob gave in to the pressure. His nose pressed against my pelvis as he finally took my entire length down his constricting throat. Marcus held him there, and we watched as Jacob wretched pathetically. 

Marcus finally let go of Jacob's hair and he came off my cock instantly. He was gasping for air, there were a few stray tears trailing down his red cheeks. 

"Keep going Jacob." I said, eyeing him coolly. He nodded. 

"Yes Master." 

He slurped and gagged on my cock obediently. He worked hard to deep throat my prick. I knew my release was close. I began bucking my hips upwards, pumping into his warm, wet mouth. He moaned and it sent vibrations trailing up along my dick. 

"Yes." I breathed, my fingers tugged at his hair, pulling him where I wanted him to go. He was almost like a ragdoll between my hands, he was trying so hard to please me. 

"I'm going to cum." I breathed. Marcus' eyes were fixed on the two of us. I could tell he was aroused- which pleased me. I'd reward Jacob for it later. 

I fucked Jacob's mouth rapidly. Finally, I was pushed over the edge. 

I came with a low moan. I kept fucking Jacob's mouth as I climaxed, covering his tongue and throat with my thick seed. Jacob gagged slightly, but he couldn't pull away as my fingers were still locked in his hair. 

When I was finished, I slowly released him. He looked up at me and swallowed my load willingly and without prompting. He gave me a shy smile and wiped away the tears that had run down his cheeks with the palm of his hand.

"Wow. Your brother really is a whore." Marcus breathed, glancing between the two of us. I chuckled quietly, tucking my dick back into my pants. 

"Yes, I've trained him well." I responded. Jacob looked up at me expectantly, chewing his lip. I nodded towards him and he scrambled up onto my lap. He rested his face against his chest and brought his knees up towards his chin. I wrapped my arm around him, holding him against my body. 

"I'd like to borrow him." Marcus said, looking me in the eye. I felt Jacob squirm against me, as if he was trying to hide inside my arms. 

"I don't lend him out." I said firmly. Marcus wasn't usually the type to disobey or fight me, so I wasn't too worried about it, but at the same time, I'm very protective of Jacob. No one spends time with him unless I say so. 

"Well, perhaps we could share him sometime then." Marcus said. 

"Perhaps. However, that's a discussion for another night. We have other matters to attend to." 

"Very well. Enjoy the rest of your evening." Marcus said with a smile. 

I held Jacob firmly against my body. He wrapped his arms around my neck and I picked him up. 

"Likewise." I nodded towards Marcus and headed out of the library. I knew Jacob felt a little uncomfortable, so I wanted to get him out of there. 

I took Jacob to his room, and set him down on his bed. He looked up at me expectantly with a smile that showed his perfectly straight teeth. 

"What?" I asked, looking down at him. 

"Are you going to stay?" He asked. His legs were dangling off the edge of the bed and he was kicking them against the sturdy frame playfully. 

"For a little while, yes." I said, looking at him coolly. His smile fell, his legs stopped kicking.

"You're not going to sleep in here?" Jacob asked softly. I shook my head.

"I sleep alone." I folded my arms in front of my chest. I'd told him this countless times. He always seemed to conveniently forget. As if he thought his puppy dog eyes would sway me. 

"Oh." Jacob murmured. He looked down, chewing his bottom lip. He sighed, and began unbuttoning his shirt. I watched him for a few moments. He slid his pants and shirt off, and reluctantly climbed under the covers. He kept sneaking sideways glances towards me but then he'd look down and resume his morose demeanor. I raised my eyebrow.

"Are you... actually trying to make me feel guilty?" I asked. Jacob's cheeks tinted pink. He looked around the room awkwardly, trying not to meet my eyes.

"Is it working?" He asked quietly, finally settling his eyes on me. 

I laughed, I actually laughed. It wasn't a mocking laugh, I was amused by him. He's so cute. 

"Not even a little bit." I said. His eyebrows furrowed together. 

"But I've been so good! You said so! Please, please, please sleep in here. Please, Alexander, I just want-"

"I sleep alone!" I growled. Jacob recoiled as if I had hit him. I immediately felt bad for snapping at him, but I didn't have the luxury of offering an apology. 

Jacob nodded sadly and sunk into the bed. This time his sadness wasn't false. I sighed and stood there, beside the bed, trying to decide what to do. 

I debated climbing into the bed next to him, holding him until he fell asleep. But I was interrupted before I had a chance to move. There was a brisk knock on the heavy door, and it was opened without prompting.

"Pardon the intrusion Highness, but the King has demanded that both you and your brother meet him in his study immediately." A servant said sharply. I frowned and nodded.

"Come along Jacob." I said, motioning for him to follow me. He climbed out of bed reluctantly and trailed behind me. He didn't bother to put on a shirt or pants, which was probably better. He was still covered in bruises and cuts.

I entered the office first. Jacob stood beside me and thankfully didn't reach for me in any way physically. 

My father was leaning against the front of his incredibly ornate desk, staring at the two of us. Jacob didn't meet his eyes and instead stared down at the beautiful hardwood floors. I didn't show fear, and stared at my father evenly.

"Hello Father." I said calmly. My father nodded to each of us and looked us over. His eyes narrowed.

"Jacob, come here." He said. Jacob anxiously walked forward. He wasn't afraid of our father, because he'd never seen any of our father's treachery first hand, nor had heard any of his threats or witnessed any punishments. But he knew that he was very low in terms of position, and for that reason he didn't dare disobey or even make eye contact. 

"What an interesting collar." My father said, his long pointed fingernails running over the smooth leather. When he reached the tag he took it between his fingers. 

"Alexander's. That's cute." He sneered. 

"So you belong to Alexander, is that right, Jacob?" 

"Yes, Father." Jacob murmured, his cheeks turning pink.

"Do you love him?" 

Jacob turned to look at me. His eyes were questioning, he didn't know whether or not to lie. I nodded towards him. My father would be able to tell if he was lying. 

"Yes."

"How much?" 

Jacob hesitated then spoke softly, "I love him more than anything else in this world."

My father's eyes narrowed further and then he asked, very seriously; 

"Would you die for him?" 

I was very aware that my father's hands were resting on Jacob's neck. If he wanted to kill him, he could've done it in less than a second. But he wouldn't kill him, not yet. I hoped. 

"Yes." Jacob didn't hesitate. My father laughed, and then turned his attention to me. Thankfully, he released Jacob's neck. 

"What about you, Alexander? Do you love Jacob?" I kept my face very composed.

"No." 

Jacob hung his head. 

"How much do you care for him?" 

"He is worthless to me." I said calmly. 

Jacob choked out a quiet sob, but I could tell he was trying to compose himself in front of our father. The King stared at me for a few seconds. 

"I don't believe you." He hissed. 

Suddenly, my father grabbed Jacob and pulled him towards him. Jacob shrieked as my father's nails ripped at the skin of his back, creating long, red streaks. Instinctively, Jacob tried to push my father away, but he was far too weak. My father snarled and suddenly bit into Jacob's pale neck. 

Jacob screamed as my father bit him. Tears rolled down his face at the extreme pain of the bite.

"Alexander- help me!" He begged, thrashing in the king's arms. Trails of blood slid down his back where my father's nails had torn him. Blood gushed from his neck. "Please Alexander, I'm sorry, please-"

Finally he stopped. His head slumped back, his arms fell limply by his sides, his feet dangled in the air. I watched his skin go from a healthy pink to a sickly pale. My heart felt like it was being squeezed. I wanted to stop it, but I couldn't. I could show that this bothered me, or else my father really would kill him. 

I stared at my father's monstrous form while he drained Jacob. I knew what he was doing. He was watching everything- all of Jacob's memories. All of our intimate moments were now his too. He was trying to see what we'd shared, see how much love I had given Jacob. He wouldn't find many examples. I had done my job well. 

Jacob looked dead. He looked gaunt, his cheeks were sunken in, he had dark circles under his eyes, his skin was gray. My heart felt like it was going to burst. 

Finally my father broke away from his neck. His golden eyes met mine and he released Jacob completely. My brother hit the floor with a loud thud, but I didn't dare look at his form. My father stepped over him and closer to me. 

"In ten years you've never told him you loved him." My father said. 

"Because I don't." I looked at him evenly. 

"You're going to destroy him." My father said. He sounded... proud.

"That was always the plan, Father." I responded. 

"Good work." He said, bowing his head to me. He walked past me, and I looked down at Jacob. There was a pool of blood on the floor around him. It was still flowing freely from his neck. If I didn't do something he was going to die.

My father left the office and as soon as I heard the door close, I ran to Jacob. I picked him up quickly, bringing my mouth to his neck. I licked at the wound, trying to get it to heal. His delicious blood spilled into my mouth and my primal urges rose to the surface. I could feel my fangs extending. No, no, no. 

I hissed, pulling my mouth away from him and clamping down hard on the wound with my hand, trying to stop the blood. The wound wasn't just two small holes, but rather two long gashes running down his neck. There was so much blood. 

I could feel the hunger rising within me. I wanted his blood, I wanted his body. I felt like I was being driven insane, so I kept my mouth clamped shut. Perhaps this was my father's plan- to leave me alone with Jacob and my animalistic urges. I wanted to fuck him. I wanted to drink every drop of blood in his veins and feel his heart flutter as he died. 

My brain was fighting my body. I was trying to resist the urge to bite him again, to drink away his life. And I wanted to fuck him, savagely. I don't remember a time when I had been in less control of my primal, most basic needs. I was going mad, holding this beautiful, innocent and fragile creature in my arms. I love Jacob, with the entirety of my soul. But I am a very soulless creature. 

I don't know what side of me is going to win. 

I pulled my hand away from his neck, and saw that the cuts had scabbed over. I laid him quickly on the floor and began searching the study for blood- something I could give Jacob. As I tore apart the room, I brought my hand to my mouth and desperately sucked away Jacob's blood on it. I had so little control over myself- but I didn't care as long as I saved Jacob.

I found a bottle of blood in my father's desk. I bit the cap off and ran back to Jacob. I tilted his head up and pushed the bottle against his lips. 
