  Hey everyone. Thank you so much for all the comments on my last chapter. I love reading your stipulations, and hearing your thoughts-even if they're not necessarily kind. 

Some of you do have problems reading this sort of thing, as it does have a good amount of abuse in it. As such, I will warn you, the abuse/degradation/torture in this chapter is pretty heavy handed. This chapter focuses more on plot development than eroticism. 

There is a brief lesbian sex scene I will also warn you about, if that sort of thing turns your stomach. 

If either of these things offends or upsets you, please skip this chapter. Sorry, guys. 

***

 Blood. So much blood... spilling onto the carpet... staining the hardwood... matted blonde hair... grey skin... 

Silence. 

"Alex? Alex, wake up!" Jacob said, shaking me. I opened my eyes and looked up at him. He was sitting on his knees next to me in the bed. But he was leaning over me, staring down at my face. 

"Did you have a bad dream?" He asked, running his hand lovingly over my cheek.

"I don't dream." I said, smacking his hand away. I sat up and pushed the covers off of myself. Jacob was wearing a black tuxedo with a white shirt under it. It was a server's uniform. 

"What are you doing in my room? You aren't allowed to be in here without my permission." I snapped, climbing out of the bed. Jacob looked apologetically up at me. 

"I know. I'm sorry, but Marcus told me to. He said I needed to make sure you were ready for the ball." Jacob said, following me off the bed. I groaned. Right, that was tonight. 

"What time is it?" I asked. 

"It's 11:00, Master." Jacob said. Great, I had an hour to be ready. I was wishing Jacob had woken me up earlier. There'd be no time to play now. 

I walked into the bathroom, and was surprised when Jacob didn't follow. I didn't think anything of it though, and turned the water to the shower on. As I waited for it to heat up, Jacob crawled into the bathroom on his hands and knees, he was holding a paddle in his mouth. 

He crawled up to my naked form, and delicately placed the paddle on the floor in front of me, before resting on his knees. As he kneeled at my feet, he nuzzled my thigh with his face and whined. He looked like a little puppy. He looked so remarkably innocent, and he was being so incredibly subservient. 

"Master, I need to be punished." He whimpered. I felt a bolt of fear and arousal. What had he done that warranted a punishment by his standards? We had very few rules, and he never asked for punishments. He must've done something serious. I hope he hadn't been intimate with someone else while I was asleep. That was my most important rule I had imposed onto him, and if he broke it, his punishment would be far worse than just a spanking. 

"What have you done?" I asked, placing my hand on his light blonde hair. 

"Master, I-I know you punished me yesterday, but I can't remember why. I'm so sorry, Master." His golden eyes were teary, he looked so apologetic, so afraid. I breathed a sigh of relief. 

"What do you remember about last night?" I asked, petting his hair. 

"I don't remember anything, Master." Jacob said. Of course, I knew he would say that, but I still felt relieved nonetheless. 

"How do you know I punished you then, Jacob?" I asked. 

"Master, I have new markings." Jacob said. He leaned his head back, to show me the two large gashes on his neck. They were dark pink and healing very slowly for a vampire. He arched forward, and I saw his back, which was covered in deep cuts where our father had grabbed him. I felt anger rise within me, and I held back a snarl. These marks should've been mine. Jacob is my property, and no one else should ever be able to leave a mark on him unless I say so. 

My possessive, dominant side rose to the surface, and I felt the urge to hurt Jacob. I wanted to leave deeper cuts where my father had dug into him, I wanted to claim his neck once again as my own, and leave more permanent wounds. But there was no time now. And punishing Jacob for my father's actions was unfair, despite the fact that he was literally asking for it. 

"I see. I need to clean myself. You will go and get your collar, you will undress, and you will meet me in my bedroom. If a servant stops you, you are to direct them to me. Is that understood?" I asked. 

"Yes, Master. Thank you, Master." Jacob said. He picked up the paddle between his teeth once more, and crawled out of the bathroom. He's such a good boy. 

I climbed into the shower, and worked quickly. I wouldn't be able to give him any sort of thorough punishment now, but I wanted to get a small one in. I couldn't let him know that I had erased his memory, so I had to pretend as if he was correct. I'd give him a few spankings now, and tonight after the ball, I'd claim his ass and feed from him. I wasn't going to do anything too severe, he hadn't earned that. 

When I finished washing myself, I climbed out of the shower and dried myself off. I was rather hurried, I was excited to be with Jacob again. I was so proud of him for being so submissive, he really is taking his training well. 

When I walked into the bedroom, I saw Jacob there. He was kneeling in front of the bed, with his head bowed. He was completely naked, except for the collar. He looked absolutely perfect. 

I sat on the bed in front of him. 

"Come up here." I said firmly. Jacob looked at me and nodded. 

"How would you like me, Master?" He asked, rising. 

"Over my knee." 

Jacob did as he was told, and rested over my knees. I could feel his cock against my thigh, he was flaccid. 

"How many spankings do you think you deserve, Jacob?" I asked. My hand was raised over his ass in preparation. 

"Master, only you know what's best for me." He spoke softly. 

"You're being such a good boy." I said.

"Thank you, Master." 

I smacked his ass. It wasn't too hard, but it certainly wasn't gentle either. He gasped sharply, and he jolted slightly. But he quickly regained his composure and presented his ass to me once more. 

"So, you don't remember what I'm punishing you for, Jacob?" I asked, smacking his ass again. 

"No, Master. I'm so sorry." His bottom was a light pink. It was absolutely delicious. 

"I'm punishing you for not wearing your collar." I said. I slapped him again, and he let out a quiet whimper. I could feel his dick against me, and I could tell he was getting slightly aroused. I was too, I'm sure he could feel my cock against his abdomen. 

"I'm sorry, Master." He breathed. 

"Why do I want you to wear your collar?" I asked him. 

"So that everyone will know that you own me. I belong to you alone, Master." Jacob said. 

"That's right, pet." I spanked him again. "What does it mean? What does me owning you mean?" 

"It means that you can do whatever you want with me?" He asked. I could see him tensing, preparing for the next blow.

"Relax." I commanded. He took a few deep breaths, and I watched his body relax. Then I sent my hand flying down on his ass. He groaned and pulled away, but then moved back into position obediently. 

"It means that you are mine to abuse." Smack. 

"You are mine to fuck." Smack.

"You are mine to degrade." Smack.

Each slap was harder than the previous one. Jacob cried out after each one, and his ass turned a deeper shade of pink. 

"You are mine to destroy." Smack. 

"You are mine to protect." I finished, and instead of coming down hard on his bottom, I placed my hand on it gently. I rubbed it tenderly, and I felt him relax against me completely. His cock was hard, and it was pressing firmly against my thigh, but I wouldn't have time to deal with it. 

We stayed like that for a few minutes. Jacob regained his breath, as I massaged his sore bum. My other hand moved to his hair, and I petted it. 

"How does it feel?" I asked. 

"It hurts, Master." He breathed shakily. I nodded, smiling grimly.

"Look at me." He titled his head up to face mine.

"I want it to hurt. I want this to remind you for the rest of the night that your punishment is not yet over. There's more to come after the ball tonight, Jacob. Every time you sit down, you'll remember what awaits you." I said. Jacob nodded. 

"Yes, Master." 

"Good boy. Now leave me, I need to get dressed." I gave his bum a little pat, and he climbed off of me and headed towards the door. When he reached it he turned around to look back at me.

"Can I say something, Master?" He asked nervously.

"I encourage you to." 

He walked towards me once more and kneeled in front of me. He looked up earnestly into my eyes. 

"Master, when I wear this collar... it makes me feel... special. It makes me feel safe and protected because I know that no one's going to hurt me. I know that I'm yours...and this collar... Master, it's the greatest gift you've ever given me." He breathed. I felt my heart thump painfully. I wanted to tell him that his love, his submission was the greatest gift I'd ever received, but I couldn't. 

"Then never take it off again, brother." I whispered, taking his cheeks in my hands. 

"I won't. I love you so much." He whispered back, leaning up into me. 

I kissed him. It was a tender, loving kiss. Our lips moved against one another's and I could taste his tongue on mine. I pulled away, releasing his face. He looked up at me adoringly. I kissed his forehead. 

"Leave me, pet. I must prepare." 

"Yes Master."

***

The music wasn't bad, it was the company I detested. Men and women from all over the world were gathered in the ball room, dancing robotically to the live orchestra. The gowns were so large that leaning in to kiss your partner was a challenging task. The suits were so decorated with badges that the distinct sound of jingling could be heard at all times. 

I watched the robotic dancing from my throne. I sat next to my step-mother, and the king was on her other side. Jacob was walking around the room, dressed in black and white, handing out glasses of blood. He glanced over at me often, but if he saw that I caught him he would return his eyes to the floor, embarrassed. 

Marcus approached me, and bowed deeply to me with a wicked grin on his face before coming to my side to talk to me. 

"This party is for you, you know. Perhaps you should at least  try  to find a woman you find tolerable? Hm?" Marcus asked. I rolled my eyes.

"I'm really not interested." I said back to him. I glanced around the room, before returning my eyes to Jacob. I wanted to make sure he was okay. 

"How can you not be interested? Have you seen some of the women here? I'm getting laid tonight, that's my mission... Oh, I see. You're worried about your plaything." 

I growled. "I don't want anyone else touching him." 

"Awfully possessive, aren't we?" Marcus said, then he sighed. "Look, I'll watch him for you, okay? I'll make sure nothing happens to him. But you have to go dance with someone, seriously, you've been sitting up here looking grumpy all evening." 

I looked at Marcus. He was my most trusted friend. 

"You'll make sure he's safe?" I asked. 

"I promise." He said honestly, meeting my eyes. I let out a sigh. 

"Thank you." I said. I rose and walked down, onto the dance floor. The crowd separated around me, as they waited for me to choose my first partner. I recognized a few female acquaintances, but none that had enough land or wealth to be suitable partners for me. So, I selected a tall blonde woman at random. She curtsied to me, I bowed, and we began dancing. 

"You're an excellent dancer, your Highness." She said. She had a thick German accent. No good. We already owned Germany. 

"As are you, my dear." I said. I hated this. I'd much rather be dancing with Jacob, and I'm sure he'd step on my feet. This was torture. 

As me and the woman danced, I noticed from the corner of my eye, a rather pretty brunette girl. She seemed to be sneaking out of the ball, she headed down a corridor and disappeared around a corner. I frowned. If she thought for a second she was getting out of this and I still had to stay here, she had another thing coming. 

I waited an agonizing few minutes until the song was over. I bowed to my partner, and then quickly headed down the corridor. I turned left, after the brunette woman. 

A long way down the corridor, there was a door that was only slightly ajar. There was a faint light coming from inside, that must be where she went. 

I crept silently up to the door, but as I approached I could hear something. Moaning. How dare she? Sneaking off in the middle of my ball to have sex? If I wasn't able to do that, she certainly couldn't. 

I pushed the door and it flew open, slamming against the wall. There she was, the pretty brunette. She had taken her dress off and was wearing just a plain white corset. But she had a young blonde girl kneeling in front of her, with her face buried deep in the brunette's hairless pussy. 

When they saw me, they broke apart. They both began talking at once, offering up apologies, but I raised my hand to silence them. 

I looked at the two of them. The brunette was rather lovely. If I was fascinated with women at all, she would've been the sort I would go for. Tall, slim, pale. Fragile. She had a thin neck, I'm sure my fingers would almost touch if I wrapped them around it. She was clearly wealthy, despite her plain corset, she was incredibly decorated, in terms of jewelry. Her dark hair was piled up onto her head, in intricate curls and complex designs. 

The blonde was not as impressive. She was average in size and height. Her hair was down. It wasn't a fair blonde, like Jacob and I, but it was rather... mousy almost. Her skin was a less pale than the norm for a vampire. Her dress didn't look as though she came from wealth. I wonder how she'd gotten into this party, with my father monitoring the accepted guests so carefully. 

I pondered for a moment on what to do next. 

"Continue." I said finally. They both looked at me but did not move. I felt my anger swell. They were going to ignore a command after their previous transgression? I think not. I took a step towards them, and grabbed a fistful of the blonde's hair. I pushed her face back into her lover's body. 

"Finish her." I said sternly. The blonde let out a quiet squeak in compliance, before she began licking at her lover's smooth pussy once more. 

The brunette looked at me as her lover began pleasuring her again. I could see the fear in her eyes. She knows that I could kill her, and I would face no punishment at all. But I wasn't going to do that, at least, not yet. 

"Here. It's okay." I said, taking the brunette's hand. I guided it to the blonde's hair, and she fisted it gently. 

"Oh," She breathed softly, tilting her head back. She began rocking her hips against her lover's mouth, her eyes closed as she basked in the pleasure. In an odd way, she reminded me of myself. Here she was, in a grand castle, with the opportunity to meet, be courted by and marry a prince, and instead she chose to sneak away and get eaten out by her lesbian lover. If the situation was reversed, I would be doing the exact same thing. 

I moved away from them to close and lock the door. As I watched the two, I just kept thinking about Jacob. I wished he was here, sucking me off too. It was sort of humorous, the entire situation. I could tell both women were afraid. They should be, but really how could I blame anyone for wanting to get away from that dance? 

The brunette's grip on her partner's hair tightened. She had arched herself backwards, giving into the pleasure. I moved towards them again, and rested my hand on the blonde's hair. 

"Good girl." I said. The blonde moaned softly, I think as a way of giving her thanks to me. 

Finally, the brunette let out a loud moan, her body shook as her orgasm overtook her. Her voice was high-pitched and delicate, in a way. It was almost cute. She released her partner's hair, and reclaimed her breath, before looking up at me in fear. 

Part of me did have an urge to kill these two. I mean, sneaking out of my party to have sex? That was something that I should've been doing. But there was also something unique about the two of them. 

The room smelled like sex, but it was a lighter, more feminine scent then I was used to. But there was something else. Blood. It smelled like... human blood. I looked at the blonde. Human. She was wearing contacts, clearly. What was this? Some sort of Mistress, slave dynamic? How did the blonde even get in here?

"Please don't hurt her." The brunette said quickly. She had a heavy French accent, and I glanced at her. We didn't own any land in France...

"What's your name?" 

"Jacqueline Fontaine." She said, bowing her head. 

"Your father owns France and New Zealand, correct?" I asked. She nodded humbly. I smirked. Perhaps this was a good thing after all. 

"Get dressed, Ms. Fontaine." I turned my attention to the human. "You, what's your name?" 

"Christine Sinclair." She said softly, not looking up at me. Jacqueline began pulling her dress back on. 

"What's your relationship? Mistress and submissive? Owner and servant? Lovers?" I asked, looking between the two of them. 

"She's a slave, nothing more!" Jacqueline said, hurriedly. I glanced at Christine, she looked hurt. She looked hurt the same way Jacob looked hurt when I said that. 

"Come here, Christine." I said. She came to me calmly, but her lover looked afraid. I wouldn't kill her, but Jacqueline didn't know that. 

I pulled Christine to me, and sunk my fangs into her neck. She groaned, but did not try to get away. Jacqueline looked petrified. 

As I drank Christine's blood, I saw her memories. I watched her and her lover kiss, laugh, make love. They were in love, and that was undeniable. Christine was a servant in the Fontaine household- that's how they'd met. That also explains how she got in here. 

I released Christine. She was still conscious, I hadn't taken that much. Jacqueline looked at me desperately. 

"Your Highness, please, don't hurt her." She begged. 

"Ms. Fontaine, are you a lesbian?" I asked. I knew the answer already. 

"Please, don't tell my father." 

This entire thing was working out perfectly. 

"Miss Jacqueline Fontaine, would you like to be my wife?"

***

Jacqueline and I danced together for the rest of the ball. When there were only a few songs left, I kissed her. She tasted like honey and jasmine, far too light for my taste. I preferred Jacob. 

The crowd around us gasped. This was important. It wasn't customary for royalty to be outwardly sexual or physical in anyway- especially at an event like this. It signified that Jacqueline and I were partners now. 

When I pulled away, I immediately searched for my father. He looked down at us approvingly. Of course, he'd know who she was. He was probably calculating our new land in his head already. I turned back to Jacqueline and was about to kiss her again, when I heard a small voice.

"Alexander..." 

I turned in the direction of it. Jacob was standing there, with Marcus by his side. But Jacob had dropped the platter he was carrying, blood was spilling across the ballroom floor. He had tears in his eyes. I groaned. Not this, not now. 

"Excuse me, my love." I murmured, kissing Jacqueline's hand. I left her and grabbed Jacob by the hair and pulled him into a corridor where no one would be able to see us. 

"How could you, Alexander?" Jacob asked. He was crying now though. I assumed it was mostly from pain, I was practically dragging him by his hair. 

"What? What are you upset about, Jacob?" I snapped. 

"You told me that we would only ever kiss each other. I thought, I thought-"

"No. I told you that you were only allowed to kiss me. I can do whatever I want, I'm a prince. Now you better shut up, because you're making a scene." I hissed. I was doing this for us, whether he could see that or not. It was bad enough that I had to pretend to love her, but to deal with Jacob's drama on top of that? It was too much for one night. This was getting to me, there was already so much pressure and dealing with Jacob's outburst- his completely ridiculous outburst was fueling my anger immensely. He couldn't be surprised by this, he's always known that I have other people on the side. 
