 Since that night I spent with Charles I have been thinking about nothing else but our time we spent together and hoping that we could get together again real soon. I didn't have to wait long to find out. Charles called me on a Wednesday and asked if I was available to help him move some stuff up to his cabin up north this weekend. I jumped at the chance, checked with the wife to see if we were busy and found out nothing was going on. I told Charles I was free and he said he would pick me up around 7 pm that coming Friday. I couldn't wait. 

Charles picked me up right at 7pm that Friday and we headed north. Charles cabin is a very comfy, secluded, small log cabin, located in the heart of national forest about 4 hrs north of our house. We chatted all the way up there, telling each all about our workweek and how much we both looked forward to a 2 days of relaxing, that is after we unloaded the stuff he wanted to bring up there. Not a word was mentioned about our lust we had for each other, but both knowing that soon we would bee exploring each other again. Just thinking about what lies ahead, and what was inside his pants made my cock stir and want out...

We made good driving time getting therein less than 4 hours, unloaded the stuff in record time and finally had sat down cracked open a few beers and started to relax and watch some TV. Soon we were both yawning and commenting that we should hit the rack and get some sleep. There wasn't even a word spoken, Charles got up, grabbed my hand and led me into his bedroom. He took my shirt and pants off, exposing my tented underwear. My breath was heavy as he sucked and licked my nipples. Teasing them with is tongue he knew it was driving me wild. I began removing his shirt and pants, fell to my knees and nibbled his cock through his underwear. He moaned and said how wonderful my hot breath felt on his now rock hard cock. I pulled his cock free from its restraints and slowly stroked his manhood. Down his shorts went to release his balls. Giving them a squeeze I could tell he was far from Cumming.

I stood up, pulled my shorts down and we held each other, hold each other tight saying how much we desired to be together again. Our cocks were as one as we kissed, both dripping with pre cum and throbbing wanting release. He broke our kiss, led me to the shower. We climbed in, adjusted the water and soon we were washing each other. Our bodies we sliding on each other as we soaped each other up, taking time to wash our cocks and balls with desire and passion. As I washed his back, I closed in and held him from behind, feeling the warm of his ass cheeks against my cock. I reached around; kissing is neck as I played with is a nipple while pulling his body back into mine. Reaching down grabbed his cock and was truly amazed on how large he is. Stroking his cock, he moaned and said that we should get out of here and head to the bedroom.

Soon we were lying in bed, my leg across his lap and my head on his chest. We kissed, playing with each other cocks. Climbed up on him, laying my full weight on him, feeling our cocks rub on each other. Our tongues darted in and out of each other's mouths, licking each other's lips, feeling the softness of our new love for each other.

Soon he had me on my back, telling me that he wants make love to me, fill my wanting ass with his throbbing cock, fuck me hard and soft, look at me as he slides his cock so deep into me that I cry with desire. Love me until I he cannot take it anymore, filling my love hole with his man juice, watching me squirm and beg for more. 

Wrapping my legs around him, I pull him down to me, kiss him forcefully and beg him to love me like only he knows how to. The feel of his mouth on my neck as he lightly kissed me, the feel of his body on my body had me begging for his cock. We were locked in a tangle of man love as he slowly worked his way down my body, making sure he licked and kissed every inch of my now sweat covered skin. He took his time as he grabbed my cock slowly lowering his mouth all the way down to my balls, sucking hard as he came back up, making sure to add extra suction when he came to the head on my now purple cock. Working my cock in and out of his mouth, he slowly inserted a finger into my wanting man pussy. Moaning I said please fuck me, fuck me hard and fuck me fast. Working my cock in his mouth, he brought me to the edge of pleasure, only to stop at the very moment of release. In time my love he told me as he reached onto the nightstand, grabbed some lube and greased his raging cock and my pulsating asshole. Spreading my legs, exposing my manhole for him, he pushed his throbbing member into my wanting, relaxed hole, slowly pushing his cock deeper and deeper into my ass. 

Moaning with oh so good pain, I lifted my hips to meet his cock. Soon he was buried deep, his balls resting on my ass cheeks and he began to pump my ass. His balls we slapping my ass every time he buried his cock deep into me. Ride me fucker, ride me like the little bitch that I am I screamed as he slammed his cock into me. Grabbing my cock, I started yanking it with the rhythm of his cock slamming into to me. He slowed down as I screamed that I was Cumming, moving his cock slowly in and out I let loose with my first shot of juice all over my belly. Charles reached down and scooped up my cum with his fingers, feeding it tome as I shot more loads of my love goo. Our lips met, sharing my cum between us. He started fucking me harder, telling me that my ass is so tight around his cock. I rode his cock, pinching his nipples, watching is massive cock go in and out of my hole. I soon felt his cock swell, he picked up the pace and began to fill my ass with cum, so much that it was spilling out of my ass as he continued to fuck me. He fell on me, our bodies covered with sweat and cum and drifted off to sleep with dreams of what the morning will bring with my Charles...