 So Sue wanted Charles and I to put on a show did she? The three of us laughed as Charles and I climbed back into bed, while Sue got comfortable in a chair. Closing in on Charles, I kissed him tenderly on the lips, still smelling the love juice on his mustache of our recent love fest. Wrapping his legs around me we fell into a mass of a man-to-man make out session. Rolling in bed we switched top to bottom, enjoying the feel of our cocks battling for superiority. Feeling our cocks as they touched and rub on each other brought us both to the level of heat that we have both become accustomed too. Getting off Charles I swung down to his cock as he took my cock into his mouth. 

We lay side by side, slowly enjoying each other cocks. Taking my time, I planted small love kisses on his cock head, twirling my tongue in his hole to extract the pre-cum that was dripping out of his cock. Feeling his mouth on my throbbing manhood, I knew that he too was lusting and searching for the sweet nectar that my cock was to offer. 

Deeper and deeper I took his cock, slowly allowing his massive member to tickle the back of my throat. Rolling underneath him he began to move up and down fucking my face all the while taking my cock in his mouth at the same rhythm as he fucked me. Reaching up, I fingered his sweet man pussy, working my finger in and out of his hole, anticipating having my cock sliding in and out of his tightness in a very short while. His balls slapping my face as he buries his cock deep down my throat, the musty smell of his crotch and the feel of his mouth sucking me fast and hard brought me close to the edge of desire. Not wanting to have me cum yet, he slowed. 

I licked his balls, taking them into my mouth and sucking each one. We were both moaning with delight. He rested as I moved up to his ass, spread his cheeks and licked his hole. Slowly teasing his asshole, he started to grind his man pussy down on me, squirming with want and love. 

Stroking my cock and needing it in his ass he climbed off of me and lay down on his stomach. Looking down on him I took a minute to admire his body. Nice small firm ass, semi-hairy legs, tanned body, solid shoulders and arms, I think I was in love. Getting behind him I continued to eat him as he hiked up his ass for easy access. Pulling his cock back I sucked his fucked stick while working my finger in and out of his hole. His cock was throbbing and probably long enough for me to stick it into his own bunghole as I worked his tool into my mouth. 

Sucking his cock he began to beg me to fuck him like I was his bitch. Letting go of his love pole, I got up behind him; grabbing the lube I greased his hole and my cock. Pushing the head into his ass, he received it willingly and soon I was sliding it deep into his man canal. Pushing back on my cock, Charles began to moan with desire, wanting my cock deeper and deeper. I reached around and grabbed his cock, pulling it as I pounded his tight fuck hole. He was bucking and fucking my cock as I grabbed him around the waist to hang on for the ride. I fucked him like it was our first time, slamming my cock deep into him making him gasp every time I buried my purple passion member deep with in him. 

After what seemed like forever, with sweat pouring off of my body, my cock began to swell. Begging me to fill his ass with my cum I pushed hard one more time and started to squirt my love goo inside his hot love hole. Load after load filled him hole as he moaned with pleasure. 

Pulling my cock out I rolled him over and kissed him while dripping out of his ass was my deposit of man love. I could feel his cock on my belly as I told him I truly enjoy making love to him and now I want to feel his cock in me. With that I started to kiss his chest, making sure to pay extra attention to his nipples, sucking them and nibbling his tender little man nipples. Working further down I licked his balls while stroking his straining cock. Figuring I would be a good lover, I went down and finished cleaning out his ass of my cum. After all said was done, I rolled onto my back and asked him to love me. 

As he mounted me, I wrapped my legs around him, pulling him close to me so I could feel the man I lust for body heat on my bare skin. Man he turned me on, his smell and his look drove me wild with passion. Grabbing his cock, I guided it to my ass. Looking at my deeply, he slowly entered me. As soon my ass was full and stuffed with his meat, he began to fuck me. Pulling him closer to me with my legs, I hiked my ass up and he buried his cock so deep that I thought he would poke out the back of me. We were two men tied together by a hard love stick, immensely enjoying the l love that we were sharing. He stroked my now semi-hard cock as he slide his tool almost all the way out of me before forcefully pushing it back deep in me. 

As soon my cock was swelling and ready to explode, he picked up the pace. I shot my cum into the air as I could feel him filling me up with loads of his juice. We continued Cumming until our cocks were drained and he fell on me with total exhaustion. Pulling his cock out of my used ass, he laid it up on my cock and rubbed it on the cum that covered me. Then going down he cleaned up the whole mess, licked my ass clean and sucked my limp spent cock clean of all the juice that remained. I told him he is the best fuck a guy could want and I can't wait until he fills me again with his love tool. With that I turned to ask Sue if she enjoyed the show, but she was too lost in her own world of Cumming and lust that she didn't hear a word I said. Laughing, Charles and I sat back to watch the show.