 So this is a story that, as a supposedly straight man, I thought I'd never even tell. But here I am, mainly because it still turns me on and I want to share! Anyways, here I go. 

I moved to Washington a year ago with my girlfriend. We both got jobs and went to doing our thing, but things felt different for me. I really felt like I needed to go back to Arizona to visit at least. Things were kind of estranged for me and some family members, so I decided to go back for a few weeks and try to make everything feel right. 

When I got there the first thing I did was go to my old work, I worked there for 8 years so a lot of my friends worked there naturally. Plus it was like 11 am and I had nothing better to do until my friend I was staying with got off work. So when I got there I was just kinda talking to whoever I saw that I knew when I ran across my old boss, he is about my age, at that time about 28 I think. Well anyways, Derrick was gay, he had a boyfriend that always came to eat lunch with him at work, not sure if they were still together, but still, he's gay. Doesn't matter much to me, I have always respected others for who they are, plus I have always had a fascination with cum and cocks, so yeah. 

So I start up a conversation with him for a few and he tells me about the big party he's having and how I should definitely come. I ask him who's gonna be there and he says that this girl everyone knew I was crazy about was for sure coming. Seeing as they were sorta friends at work I thought it seemed plausible and got excited about seeing her again. She has huge tits and the most amazing eyes. I would go and see her at work then but she wasn't there that day. So the party is on Saturday and I have the address and an invite. I guess I'm going. Nobody besides my friend I'm staying with even knows I'm in town yet really. I'm gonna go get drunk and try to fuck Stacy (the girl I'm crazy about). 

Saturday comes around and I ditch my buddy because he is a player and I don't need his shit. I tell him I'm going to see family and I plan on staying at the party. Derrick is known for having parties and he has co-workers over sometimes too and they usually crash there no biggie. That's my plan. It's my only shot to get to the party with Stacy and have all night to work free and clear. So I get to the party at like 9. Supposedly it started at 8, so I'm trying to be fashionably late as they call it. But when I get there I realize that it's not that big of a party like Derrick said. Only like 6 cars or so. Disappointing. Especially because I don't see Stacy's car. Fuck. Should I stay or should I go?? I stay. 

I get out of my car and ring the door bell. Some dude answers and starts being all wild and saying "welcome lets get wasted!" I see Derrick and say hey and he points me straight to the liquor. We take a couple shots real fast and he hands me a joint that had been going. Then someone fills my glass again and suddenly everyone has a shot and is saying "cheers!!" I take my 3rd shot in a matter of minutes. I should slow it down. But I tell myself to get a good buzz going before Stacy gets here because knowing her, she's coming to the party a bit rowdy. So I take a 4th shot and hit the joint. Then I start to mingle, waiting for Stacy to show. 10 o clock and still no Stacy. If 11 hits and she's not here I will start to worry a little bit. It's still early.

So while I'm mingling suddenly it dawns on me, I've been so focused on Stacy I haven't even noticed that there is almost all dudes at this party. Probably like 12. Only 2 girls and both are with someone. So anyway, I am becoming the center of the party all of the sudden. Everyone is loving how drunk I'm getting and provoking more shots. I think I'm done with shots for the night after about 6, too many for me to even feel very comfortable talking to Stacy. I tell the guys I can't drink anymore, then a guy busts out another joint and says we can't smoke instead. I pretty much dodge that joint the whole time, only taking about 1 real hit off of it. 

So now I'm pretty well fucked up and suddenly this guy is asking me questions about my sexuality. It was weird, but then one of the 2 girls joined in and made it seem a little bit playful. She asked me if I had ever done anything with a man before, telling me how she thought it was fucking hot and so did all girls. I bought it and eventually fessed up. I had. I sucked off a guy that I met online at a gloryhole. We traded blowjobs and he gave me his load right on my lips. It was honestly extremely hot! I craved it a little bit after that first time but not so much to act on it again anytime soon. Or so I thought. After telling my story the whole room was going crazy! They must've been so excited seeing how well their plan was going.

So we make our way to the living room which is huge, has like 3 couches and a bunch or recliners and shit everywhere. Pretty cool spot for a party, I see why people come here often. So we are all just chilling and talking about whatever, I'm talking with the same guy that first asked me the questions about sexuality, except now he's got me wide open. I'm telling him my fantasies and how I love sucking cock, how I want to get gagged with huge cocks, balls on my nose, tears streaming down my face. He looks at me with this devilish grin that let me know he had plans for me.

I guess that he must've given some sort of cue or something because not but 5 seconds later a guy pulls out his cock and another guy starts to suck it. Then a couple more guys say "finally" and start pulling there's out. I have no idea what's going on at this point. I'm very drunk, I'm stuck here at this party and cocks are coming out left and right. I turn to my right and see that the guy I was talking to now has his cock out and fully hard, he stands up and puts it right into my face. Maybe 6 " from my nose. It isn't huge but his cock is big enough to look mighty tasty to me at that moment. So I go for it, I grab his cock and jam it into my mouth. I start sucking him off hard, I'm looking around the room almost frantic, looking at the cocks, cocks everywhere. A couple guys come over my way and stand next to the guy I'm sucking on. They want my mouth too. They'll get there turn.

I'm so busy gagging on the first guys cock that I don't even notice that it wasn't just two guys that stepped up, there was probably 5 more behind me. As soon as I got the cock out of my mouth and turned around to see what was behind me, one of them grabbed my head and pushed it down onto the top of the couch and stuffed his cock so far down my throat I thought I was gonna puke. He did this probably 5 times before I finally pushed him away so I could grab some air. It was getting rough and I was doing a bad job of keeping it under control at this point. One after another about 5 or so guys took turns on my face. It hurt if I'm being honest but it felt soooooo good. One guy was so big I was terrified but he took it easy on my throat and I thanked him for it. Everyone laughed. It all seemed so natural at the time.

So I kept sucking and sucking for a long time it seemed but maybe was only 15 minutes. I didn't even notice that the whole group had totally focused on me at that point, I didn't even care that someone was capturing it all on their iphone. I just kept taking cocks. I don't know what got over me but I was seriously insatiable. Guy after guy would walk up and take a turn fucking my mouth and I just kept saying "more, more". Then it happened. Exactly what I was hoping would happen. The first guy shot his load. He shot it all over my forehead. It dripped onto my right eye and I kinda made a winking gesture to the crowd. We were having a ton of fun! I knew that this meant I was to take them all, and I couldn't have been more excited about it! I was practically cumming all over myself at the thought of all the loads to come. The second guy shot his load on my nose and right cheek, it was so fucking hot I was moaning out of control. Everyone was cheering for me and was loving how into it I was getting.

That's about the point that it become a blur. A cum blur to be exact. The next 2 guys came at the same time and one of them just unleashed hot fury into my mouth. Seriously. This guy just about filled my mouth with one shot. I didn't even notice where the other guy came, a little of my left cheek and maybe on my lips. Like I said, it was becoming a blur. I wanted to swallow but naturally the peer pressure kicked in to hold onto it. I did as I was told to do. They even told me I needed to keep my mouth open for more loads!! OK!! After the 5th cumshot I was getting really messy. I now had a complete mouthful and one eye closed, cum dripping of my chin and I'm pretty sure someone busted one in my hair. No biggie.

I think in the end I probably took close to 15 loads but it's really tough to say. I swallowed all of the cum that I had being holding, 4 swallows worth. The crowd went wild!! I was so covered in cum that I felt like there wasn't a square inch on my body that wasn't covered. I had the biggest grin, I will always remember that feeling right after I got done swallowing those loads and everyone was cheering. I was such a cum slut that night. I know I had to take a shower afterwards because no way was a towel gonna cut it after that fiasco. I did however get to fuck one of the two girls there in the shower. Her boyfriend was kind enough to let me have a turn. He might've been the one that about made me puke and felt bad, I don't know. Didn't care either, I gagged his girlfriend with my cock even harder so it turned out ok for everyone I think! Stacy who!? What an incredible night!!