 This story is about a college guy named Keith that meets another student named Maximillion, who has a big juicy bubble butt. Keith falls for Max and makes him his buttslut.

Max and I continued to hang out more as the weeks passed. He also hung out at my apartment more where we had the most incredible sex. Outside to the world, we were Keith and Max. Inside my apartment, he was my buttslut and I was his "daddy", although I was only two years older than him. Most of our sex revolved around butt play with me loving to rim him and then fuck him as hard as I could. He loved for our sex to be centered around his ass too as he was very much into anal and having his ass played with and used. We were a match made in ass heaven.

But like I mentioned, outside to the world we appeared to be just Keith and Max. I don't think 99% of people would believe us two regular, good-looking guys got so freaky and raunchy behind closed doors. When we hung out, I was not overly affectionate or touchy feely. Not because I was ashamed to be with him, but because that's just not who I was in general. Even if I was straight, I would not be overly affectionate. It may also be because I was mostly raised by a single parent who toughened me up at a young age. I've never been one to express my feelings so the fact that I had expressed any towards Max was new to me.

I was currently sitting in class on a Thursday thinking about what position I was gonna fuck Max in tonight. The professor was carrying on about finance, but I didn't understand it anyways and would most likely just look up the answers to the homework online so I didn't really bother paying attention. Besides, I wanted to focus on the important things in life like Max's ass. I was thinking what position I wanted to fuck him in tonight. You really have to know how to manhandle a guy's ass when you have a big butt boy like Max.

My favorite position to fuck him in is doggstyle so that I can watch his asscheeks bounce back against my groin. I also love when he rides my dick so that I can slap and play with his ass while he bounces up and down like a pogostick. Max loves when I fuck him on his back so that we are both facing each other. Not really my favorite, but it is intense when you look in someone's eyes while you are you fucking them. Having your penis in someone's ass is about as close and personal as you can get with someone.

Class seemed to drag on forever, but when it finally ended I texted Max and asked him if he wanted to come over because I couldn't wait till tonight. He told me that he was busy today and that he wasn't sure he would be able to make it.

"Damn," I thought to myself. Good thing the image of his two juicy doubles were imprinted in my brain because I needed to release the tension that was building in my jeans. I walked in to my apartment and ran up the stairs to find Max laying down naked with his ass in the air. I was so shocked to see him that I didn't even know what to say at first.

"What are you doing here?" I asked him. "Wait, how did you even get in here?"

"I never left earlier when you went to class," he told me with a grin. "I know how much you hate finance so I thought I would cheer you up."

"Wow so you really skipped class and waited here for me all this time?" I asked as I walked over to Max and started slapping his ass. "That's what bad boys do. I thought you were a good boy," I said as I continued to slap Max's cheeks even harder now.

"No, I'm not a good boy," Max yelped wincing from the pain on his ass.

"Well then what are you?" I demanded as my eyes stayed glued to Max's.

"I'm a bad boy. I'm a dirty buttslut," Max yelled out as his ass started to turn red from my slaps to his ass.

"And what do dirty buttsluts' like?" I continued as my dick got harder and harder.

"They liked to get fucked in the butt," Max said with a serious tone in his voice as I stared into his eyes.

"Good answer," I said as I threw Max back down on the couch. I unzipped my pants only enough to release my dick and spit on it and also his asshole. I then shoved my dick right into Max's butt.

"Uggghhh," Max shouted out.

I started fucking him with long deep strokes as I watched his ass jiggle each time my dick went back in. I had no doubt in my mind that my neighbors could most likely hear my sexcapades with Max, but I didn't really care either. Face any man, gay or straight, with Max's ass and they would fuck the hell out of it too.

Max kept screaming and I kept fucking. His warm deep crack felt great around my dick. Watching those white bubble buns envelop my dick was a sight to behold. This ass was made to be fucked.

"You like that?" I asked Max as I grabbed on to his neck and held him up to me.

"I love it," he whimpered as I continued to fuck him harder and harder. We both started sweating from the hot action, which created an extra lubricant to the fuck, and it made it even easier to slide in between Max's bubble buns. I started feeling up and down his smooth thighs as I started to literally catapult my dick in and out of his ass. Every time I went deep in, I got a good grasp of his ass and held the creamy globes in my hands.

I pulled out so that I could see his pink hole gape. Never one to deny myself a taste of a hot ass, I stuffed my entire face in Max's butt. I heard Max yell out. I started licking all of his ass juices and sweat out of his now abused hole. I motorboated my face between Max's cheeks from left to right which caused them to jiggle against my face. I then ran my entire face up and down Max's crack and then pulled my face out of his ass to kiss him. We both seemed to love the smell and taste of his ass and it turned me on so much when we were able to enjoy it together.

I pulled my lips from Max and shoved him on to the ground. I grabbed his head and pushed my dick in to his mouth all the way down to the base. I held his head there for a minute and then released. He was covered in slobber now. I leaned down to spit on his face. I spit on his face a bunch of times and then rubbed the slobber and spit all over his face as I once again leaned down to kiss his now soaked face. I leaned down and started rubbing my dick all over his smooth, lean pecs as we continued to kiss.

While we were both on the floor, I picked up his legs and put them in the air and started fucking him up against the base of my couch with him facing me. I could hear the sounds of butt sex as his ass was making squelching noises each time I entered him. I stuck two of my fingers in his ass while I continued to fuck him. This elicited a loud moan like scream that turned me on as I watched his sexy lips purse. Feeling my dick up against my two fingers in his buttery rectum was amazing. I could feel his hole dilating against my fingers when I slid in and out of him. I took the two fingers out of Max's ass and slid them in to his mouth.

"Yeah, taste your own ass baby," I said as I continued to fuck Max and double finger his mouth. "What does it taste like?"

"It tastes just like my ass," he mumbled out while my two fingers were stuffed in his mouth. "Mmm, I love the taste."

I pulled my two fingers from his mouth and leaned in to kiss him. My favorite thing to do is kiss Max while I'm rough fucking him with the taste of his sweet butt on his cherry red lips. I picked up Max off of the ground with my arms as I continued to fuck him in the same position, but now standing. Max does have a nice, lean muscle build, but he is undeniably thinner than me. I liked being able to overpower him like this.

I fucked him hard in the air as the sound of his ass hitting my groin and lower chest got louder. Max stared in my eyes the whole time I was fucking him. I was holding on to his thighs and slamming his ass on to my body.

"Fuck baby, that ass feels so good," I told Max as his ass rode up and down on my cock.

"It's all for you daddy," Max said as I sat him down on his back without ever removing my cock from his hole. I started fucking him on the couch.

I piledrived in to his ass like I was attempting to destroy his hole. I grabbed his feet and starting sucking on his sweaty toes. I am not into feet that much, but I did not feel like there were any limits between me and Max. I slobbered all over his toes and then took both of his size 10 feet and covered my face with them. He started grinding his sweaty, soft feet against my face. I was about to cum from the smell and taste of his sexy feet so I pulled out not yet wanting this hot sex session to end.

I grabbed Max's feet and put my dick in between them. Before I could even say anything, Max got the idea right away and started jacking off my dick between his feet. I spit on his feet to lube them up some more. Max started jacking my dick off even faster between his feet to the point that it almost felt euphoric. I pulled my dick from in between Max's feet and had intended on putting it back in his ass before he grabbed it.

"I wanna suck my ass off of your cock," Max said as he immediately went down on my dick. I held his soft black hair in my hands as he bobbed up and down on my dick.

"I'm gonna cum I shouted," as my dick started erupting like a volcano all over Max's face and his hair. Max's entire face was covered in my cum. I thought he never looked hotter than this moment.

I wiped some of the cum off of Max's face and used it to start fingering him. Max started jacking off his dick as I did this. I replaced my cummy, assy fingers with the fingers from my other hand and shoved the ones that were just in his ass in his mouth. He came fairly quickly after that. We both passed out on the couch.

"Wow, I didn't even know people could have sex like that," Max laughed.

"You just have to find someone as raunchy and as kinky as yourself and the possibilities are endless. Trust me we got a lot more to explore," I told Max as I leaned over to kiss him.

"So, Spring Break is this weekend. What are your plans?" Max asked me as we both sat on the couch worn out.

"I might actually head down to Ocean City with a few friends from high school," I told Max. "How about you?"

"I'm actually just heading home for break." Max paused after he told me this. I assumed that was all he had to say before he asked, "do you want to come with me?"

I was a little taken aback. Was this guy that I've known for about a month and a half inviting me to spend a week at his house? At his house with his parents. At his house with his parents where he lived. I didn't really know what to say. On one hand, I wasn't really looking forward to going to Ocean City because I went last year and I didn't have that good of a time. On the other hand, I wasn't really trying to spend a week at Max's house with his parents that I did not know either.

"Ugh, well do you think your parents would mind?" I asked.

"Well actually my mom is in North Carolina right now visiting my grandmother," Max told me. "Just my dad is home and he's not even there half of the time. I guess I never told you this because I thought you might think it was weird, but my parents are actually separated. They still live together though. It's a really complicated situation that I'm sure you do not want to hear about right now."

"Okay," I laughed.

"Yeah, so he spends half his time at his new girlfriend's house. He won't even be there like that. I just thought me and you could have a good time," Max said as he winked at me.

"Well, fuck Ocean City I guess. I'm probably not gonna find a hotter bubble booty to fuck there than yours anyways," I said as I grinned at Max. Me and Max both headed off to the shower.

Later that night, I let my mom know my change of plans and I started to pack for a week at Max's house. After I was done packing, I ordered us a pizza and we chilled and watched "A Nightmare On Elm Street". It turns out we were both horror movie junkies. We seem to have taste in all of the same things. Movies, food, and most definitely his ass. Than night when we went to get in bed, we actually didn't even have sex. We both just laid there and talked for hours. I never laughed as hard before as I did that night with Max.

When I woke up in the morning, Max was gone. I know he has class before me on Fridays so I was not surprised, but I was surprised that he did not wake me. I started contemplating again if I really wanted to go to Max's. The idea of committing to Max and meeting his parents was odd to me for some reason. I don't know if it just felt weird because he was a guy or if it was because it was my first real relationship or both.

When I went to check my phone, I had a text from Max. It was a picture of his ass in his black thong that he knows that I love him in. The message underneath it said, "this is for if you are having any second thoughts. This is what you'll be missing."

"Touche," I thought to myself. Damn this guy is really beginning to know what makes me tick. That's a good and a bad thing because now he may know how to control me and I like to be the one in charge. But damn there was no way I was gonna turn down fucking that ass for seven days straight with no other distractions. Me and Max were gonna turn his parent's home in to our own little butt palace and his parents had no idea.

Once me and Max finished our classes, we loaded up my car and quickly left from school. We were having a pretty good road trip. We listened to some rap, some classic rock, and even played a few dumb games like truth or dare, which was us just basically admitting truths since dares were obviously limited in my car. We stopped at a gas station to fill up and use the restroom. I decided to go first while Max finished pumping the gas. The restroom was on the outside of the gas station towards the back. I was almost done in the restroom when I heard someone knocking on the door.

"Just a minute," I said. The person continued to knock this time even harder. "I said just a minute," I repeated.

I then heard Max say, "let me in."

"What the hell," I thought to myself as I opened up the door. Max quickly jumped in to the bathroom and relocked the door.

"Damn, you really have to go that bad," I said as I started laughing.

"Yeah, I really have to go," Max said as he started kissing me.

"Woah," I said as I pushed him back a little. "You really wanna do it right here?"

"I told you I would make this trip worthwhile. I'm a man of my word," Max said as he started to unbutton my pants. Max looked me in my eyes and could see I was a little nervous, "what are you scared?"

"No," I stated as I tried to act unphased all of a sudden. "I just don't want you to not be able to walk out of here straight after I murder that ass." It was kind of corny, but I had to think of something to make me seem like I wasn't being a huge pussy about this.

"Well give me all you got big boy," Max said.

"Alright," I replied as I turned Max around and shoved his head towards the sink. "Don't say I didn't warn you," I told him as I shoved his pants down around his ankles and pulled out my dick. I spit on my dick and used a little spit to wet his ass and shoved my dick right in his bubble cheeks. My heart was beating fast as I started fucking him. I think us being in public made the sex even hotter as I was a little scared and really turned on at the same time.

I watched as his pillowy buttcheeks swallowed my dick whole. I kept pounding in and out of him as we stared at each other through the mirror above the sink. I repositioned him to the side so he could watch me fuck him in the ass.

"I want you to watch my dick pound your ass," I told him. I started going harder and faster feeling like I was gonna cum faster than usual so I stopped myself. "Suck my dick," I told Max. Max got down on his knees in the restroom and started blowing me. I almost lost my balance, but I just let myself fall back against the wall. Max stood up and kissed me letting me taste his ATM flavor.

I stuck my dick back in him as I was now fucking him against the door. Anyone that may come to the restroom would most definitely hear the moans coming from Max. I figured if we were gonna have sex in public, we might as well go all out. I started slapping his sexy rump as he started backing himself up on to my dick. Max pulled off of my dick again and started blowing me once again. He got up kissed me and I stuck my dick back in his hole. We kissed as I fucked him against the door.

"Goddamn, I had no idea you were this dirty buttslut," I told Max as I felt myself getting close to the verge of cumming. Before I could, once again Max pulls himself off my dick and starts sucking me. I know he loves the taste of his ass, but damn I think he may like it even more than me.

"Well, I guess you have a lot to figure out about me this weekend then," Max said as he stood up and put my dick back in his ass. I was about to start fucking him, but Max told me to let him do it. Max put my cock back in him and started grinding his fat tushy up against my dick. He was practically twerking his ass on my dick. With the combination of us being in public and his juicy butt shaking all over my dick, I began shooting in his ass. Max pulled himself off of my dick a few moments after that.

"Mmm, told you it would be worth it," Max said. Wow this guy is crazy and hot and out of his mind and I kind of like it. Max used a paper towel to wipe the cum out of his ass as we both put our clothes back on. We decided that I would go out first as I started walking towards my car. There was no one outside, but when I looked inside the person working behind the counter gave me a weird stare. The stare got even weirder when Max eventually came out. I told him to hurry up and get in the car as we laughed and sped off.

When we finally got to Max's house, I was surprised by the location. He practically lived out in the country on the outskirts of town. I would have never taken Max as a country boy as he doesn't act anything like it, but apparently he has more of it in him than I thought.

I grabbed the heavy bags from the car and told Max to take the light ones. He could've easily carried the heavier ones, but I liked to. I followed his ass as we walked up to his house. He was wearing a cotton pair of gym shorts that outlined his ass perfectly. The material occasionally even slipped in to his crack. Oh, how I would love to be a seam on a pair of Max's shorts. Getting to be in that booty all day seems like a wish come true.

When we first entered, I noticed how nice his house was. It certainly looked like the "perfect" family home. I wouldn't have guessed there was so much drama and chaos here.

"Dad, I'm home," Max yelled out. "Do you want something to drink," Max asked me.

"I'll just take some water," I said as I sat our bags down. His dad suddenly appeared from upstairs and I was a little caught off guard of how good looking he was.

"Hey Max, how's it going," his dad said as he made his way into the living room.

"Everything's good. That's Keith," Max said as his dad made his way over to me.

"Hey, I'm Greg. How are you doing?" his dad asked as he stuck out his hand.

"I'm good," I said as I stuck out my hand. He had a very firm grip.

"Max was excited to bring you home to meet me. You must have made an impression on him," Greg said smiling. I looked over at Max and he was smiling as well. Max's parents knew he was gay so I was assuming he thought we were boyfriends.

"I was excited to meet you as well. I'm glad you were able to have me," I told Max's father.

"Of course, anytime," Greg said as he began to walk back towards the kitchen where Max was. Being the ass man I am, I naturally looked down towards Max's father ass as he walked away. I could definitely see where Max got his ass from. His ass looked amazing in his tan slacks. He might even give Max some competition in the ass department. When he made his way to the kitchen he looked back and I think he caught me checking out his ass.
