 Sweet encounters

As a sexually active 77 year old I have recently been attracted to the lovely world of Crossdressers. Not that I wish to dress myself but I enjoy the company of those who do. In my travels I found this interesting personality called Chrissie. Age 64, CD/TV/TS.

After we exchanged messages and emails for a while, I felt we might get on well and so when she invited me to come over to her flat on Sunday afternoon I had high hopes, although I was feeling quite apprehensive, after all I am not a young man, I am considerably overweight and I have a cock which often decides to fall asleep when I want him to perform so I was hoping I would not be too great a disappointment to my new friend.

I opened the door to her apartment to find the light very low and a very tall (she is 6' and was wearing heels) beautifully dressed slender woman waiting to greet me. We exchanged some minor pleasantries and then I decided to force the pace and embraced her and we kissed. 

Oh she certainly could kiss, a lovely long probing tongue that got me hot immediately. We disengaged and she gave me a tour of her very compact, very clean apartment. She has just moved in from a much larger home and was still sorting out where things would fit but even so it was a nice cosy set up. The room was dark because the afternoon sun shone straight through her full length windows and glass doors and she had put up a blackout curtain to reduce the glare and heat.

She sat me down on a long low couch and I could look at her closely. Long, slender, beautiful legs in kinky open crotch fishnet pantyhose. Her makeup was beautiful and to top it off she had honoured a request of mine and wore blood red lipstick and matching finger nails. Her hair was blond and shoulder length. She had lovely strokeable skin. She was wearing a low cut black mini dress with spaghetti straps and a zip running right down the middle, her nipples showed though the fabric (very erotic) and when she sat the hem of the mini only just covered her crotch which was covered by a black body suit . She had the most beautiful bottom, small and sweetly rounded and very caressable. An area worthy of a lot of future exploration. 

I got her to sit beside me and we talked about our respective pasts and I felt I wanted to stop pussyfooting around so I put my arm around her and drew her towards me and we kissed. After a wee while I discovered her zip was very easy to slide down and I could play with her breasts and quite large nipples. I asked her to unbutton my shirt so she could attend to mine which she promptly did. 

After a bit more fooling around she started to slide down my shorts, I very happily assisted and suddenly I am sitting stark naked beside her. She asked me to move further along the couch to where I would have a cushion behind my back and then she dropped to her knees and started to softly, oh so very softly, lick my cock. She knew from our correspondence just how much that excited me, she teased the head, softly licked the full length down one side then up the front, down the other side and back, and then, Oh my God, she took me into her mouth. Starting with just very slow and deliberate gentle sucking of my head, then very gradually , slipping further and further down until she had my full length buried in her throat and - oh so exciting- I could feel her tongue softly massaging my cock. Eventually she raised her head and then went back to licking me and then again and again I was engulfed in this incredibly warm, welcoming mouth and throat.

I lifted her head from my cock and kissed her. I just could not get enough of these sweet lips and this lovely tongue.

After some considerable time she stood and asked me to stand in front of this low, fabric covered table and she then lay on her back on the table with her beautiful face hanging down the side so that by bending my knees slightly, I could just slide my cock straight into her waiting open mouth and all the way down her throat. Oh man, she never choked she just took me as hard or soft as I wanted to go. 

I had this need to do something for her to share the pleasure so I pulled out and went around to her legs, God they were lovely, so long and slender and I then tried to extricate her clitty from her rather tight body suit. I managed with some difficulty but given how tight the hem of her top was I was worried I would hurt her, however I was able to tease her groin with my tongue and to suck gently on her very sweet clitty. Next time I shall want her to give me better access as it was so very sweet.

I returned to my previous position with her hands on my thighs pulling me into her welcome and so very warm mouth until eventually my back said it was enough so I disengaged and went back to the couch, she came before me on her knees and carried on. She wet her fingers and gently stroked my balls and then into my crack and this was incredibly erotic. 

I asked would she please gently press one finger into me and she did, establishing a rhythm between finger and throat that was totally irresistible...

I orgasmed. It was sweet, it was powerful and it was delicious. I am unable to bear any titillation of my cock straight after I cum so she just stayed there, holding me deep in her throat until my body parts returned to earth and then she gently slid off me. 

She looked up at me with such a beautiful face and opened her lips to show me what I had given her. I could not resist kissing her, she was just so lovely and giving.

Somewhere amongst all of the previous activity I had sucked her lovely nipples, she had sucked and licked mine, then licking my chest as well. She knew all the right buttons to press (or lick) in my erogenous zones.

She got to her feet, God she was so long and slender and beautiful, and sat beside me and we had a fascinating conversation for probably half an hour or more, me sitting naked, her fully dressed as she told me about her life. 

She showed me some of her toys she had brought back to NZ. I hope in future encounters we shall bring a few out to play with.

I hope I will be welcome back. She is the epitome of all I have been seeking. Funny, intelligent, sensitive, caring, meticulous makeup and body care, well dressed, poised and has such a lovely depraved, erotic mind. She seemed to exist solely for my pleasure.

Thank you lovely lady, I shall not forget you.