 I had to run over to the home improvement store to pick up a few supplies for the weekend. While walking through the garden center a guy walking past me caught my eye. Standing a few inches taller than me, we made eye contact and I had the feeling we had met before. He stopped. 

"Hi, are you Brian?" It seemed he was a little nervous when asking. 

"Hi, yes I am." I responded. My heart immediately started racing. Lucky guess I figured, it is a somewhat common name these days. 

"Brian 4576?" he said. Ok, this was different. I felt a pang of fear shoot through me. How did this perfect stranger know my screen name on the gay hookup app I used? I had only created an account in the last month or two and hadn't actually connected in person with anyone. I had not posted or shared any face pics. 

"Yes, that's me." I admitted. 

"I'm Steven, we've been chatting online recently." He confirmed his screen name and it all became clear. We had been trying to meet but our schedules hadn't aligned. 

Realizing the opportunity we had I reached out, took his hand and led him to the restroom. No one else was there. We went to the last stall. He went in first. I followed, turned and locked the door. When I turned back Steven held me close and we kissed ever so briefly. He kissed my neck which distracted me from feeling him unbutton my shorts. I noticed when they fell to the floor.

He reached under my waistband to pull my cock out from my underwear. His hand moved up and down my shaft a few times getting me fully hard. He stopped and knelt down. Now he amazed me again. He took me completely in his mouth down to the base. I could feel his goatee on my balls. I don't have a huge cock but it is at least average. This feeling was another first for me. 

He slowly started working his mouth up and down my cock. He definitely knew how to take me close to the edge and bring me back down again. Steven's tongue worked me expertly. When I was engulfed completely in his mouth and throat I could feel his tongue moving on my balls. When he pulled back I could feel his tongue massaging my cock. He made the decision of when I would cum. He worked a bit faster. This time when I approached cumming he didn't stop. He pulled back so just the head was in his mouth. I moaned and I think I may have yelled out when I came. He drained me into his mouth. Shot after shot came out from my cock. It felt like a lot more than I usually cum. I couldn't remember ever having that powerful of an orgasm. I felt his tongue swirling my cum around. He swallowed it and finished milking the last drops from me. 

He stood up and came towards me to kiss. I had always turned away when a girlfriend tried this after head. I didn't turn away from Steven. We kissed. I could taste my cum on his tongue. I liked it.

I had been so caught up in his masterful blowjob that only after the kiss did I see that he had unzipped his own shorts and pulled his cock out. I reached down to feel him. Slippery from his own precum, I started moving my hand across his shaft. It was the first time I had felt a cock other than my own. I knew it would not be the last. The warmth was something I wasn't expecting. The firmness of it and the moan he made when I slid my hand over it gave me a rush of adrenaline. 

I knew then I was ready to return the favor. I knelt down to my first up close in person view of another man's cock. A couple of things went through my mind that I wasn't expecting. First, the floor was hard to kneel on. Ok, I decided to stop complaining to myself. Second was that it was a completely different view of a cock. I was so accustomed to looking down at my own that when his was staring directly back at me it looked like it was upside down. 

I took the head of his cock in my mouth. I tasted his precum and felt the softness of the head. I knew then that this wouldn't be the last time for this either. I slipped my mouth further down his cock. He had told me his cock was seven inches when we were messaging online. I had half of it in my mouth and was trying to get the rest in. I was able to get more in but never made it to the base like he did on me. I continued sucking and moving my head back and forth on his cock trying to reproduce the feeling he gave me. I started hearing him moan so I must have been doing alright. I felt him stiffen and he started shooting his cum into my throat. I kept my head still as long as I could while he came. I needed air by the time he finished so I let him slip from my mouth. I tasted some cum when the head slid over my tongue. I knew this I also wanted to experience again. 

I stood up and we kissed again. It was a more passionate kiss this time. He broke our kiss saying he needed to get home before he was missed too much. He left the stall to use paper towels to clean up. I shut the stall door just as he started getting a paper towel wet. Seconds later a manager came in. We had narrowly missed being caught.