 There I sat on the toilet in the last stall of the men's restroom in the home improvement store. Steven left the restroom just before the manager came in. The manager nearly caught us in the stall together. 

"Are you alright in there?" the manager asked.

"Uh, yeah I'm ok." I responded. Did he know what we did? No, he couldn't. He came in after Steven had left. I sat patiently for what seemed like twenty minutes but was just twenty seconds. 

"Our bathrooms aren't for you two to have sex in." What?! So he knows but how? He must have heard us and waited to come in. Why wait? I didn't know how to respond so I didn't. I was hoping he would leave so I wouldn't be trapped. 

He knocked on the stall door. "Did you hear me?"

"Oh, ok. I'm not sure what you're talking about but ok." I responded, playing dumb. Another twenty seconds passed. 

He knocked on the stall again, firmly this time. "Open the door" he commanded. I understood that he wasn't leaving so I unlocked it and started to stand up, expecting him to escort me out. Before I could completely stand up he came into the stall. I didn't really know what to do so I sat back down. 

"So you like taking care of guys." It wasn't a question. He stated it like he already knew. He said it as if it were a matter of fact, like commenting on the weather. Still speechless I looked up at him. He stared back at me with a slight smirk. 

"I think You know what You want to do..." He continued. "So do it". Still surprised at what he said I didn't move. 

"Now. I don't want to wait." He commanded.

His tone and confidence had me getting hard again. I saw my hands reach forward to undo his belt. I guess he was right because it wasn't a conscious choice. I unbuttoned his jeans and slid them along with his boxers to the floor. I took his cock in my hand. I moved my hand over the shaft as Steven had just done to me. What an awesome feeling. It was smooth and silky but growing harder with each stroke. He was not as long as Steven but his cock head was much larger. 

I moved forward and put my lips on the tip. I tasted his precum on my tongue as I started to move around his cock head. His masculine scent filled my senses while I slid his cock a bit further in my mouth. I felt the head press against my throat but I could see another inch or two of cock remaining. While rubbing my tongue side to side I pulled back until just the tip remained in me. I looked up to make eye contact. I wanted his approval. I wanted to see his enjoyment. I wanted to see his lust. I needed it all and he didn't disappoint. 

I slowly swirled my tongue along the shaft as I took him in again. I felt the head against my throat. I tried to take the last inch in. It would not go any further. I pulled my head back and felt his cock slide across my tongue. I tasted precum again as I pulled him towards me, his head sliding over my tongue to my throat. I tried swallowing to get him in further but I still couldn't get any more in. I pulled my head back to try again. Three or four more attempts left me in the same position. I wasn't able to get his entire cock in. I really wanted to feel my lips around the base and my nose buried in his pubes. 

I started getting into a rhythm and heard him moan. I put my hands onto his furry cheeks and started pulling him toward me as I moved my head towards him. I picked up the pace a bit because I wasn't sure how long I could go. My jaw was getting tired by this time. I was worried what would happen if I disappointed him.

He started moving his hips to fuck my mouth. I held still and concentrated on varying pressure with my tongue. He moaned urgently this time and I felt his cock harden more. A few more thrusts and he moans again. A few more and his cock head swelled. I pulled back anticipating cum in my mouth, his cum covering my tongue. He pulled back too, pulling further than I wanted. His cock popped out of my mouth. His cum started shooting quickly getting all over my face. After three shots I was able to get his head back in my mouth. I was able to enjoy a few more squirts of cum that I swirled around while feeling it on my forehead and across my cheek and nose. 

"Thanks" he said. He unlocked the stall door and pulled up his boxers and jeans as he left. I was still feeling stunned. I played with the cum in my mouth before swallowing it. I snapped out of it when I felt his cum running down my face to my neck. I checked my phone and saw it had been just over an hour since I started with Steven. I cleaned up as well as I could and went back to my cart to finish shopping. When I went to the register the same manager stepped in to ring up my items. 

"Thanks again" was the only thing he said as I was about to walk away. I chuckled but also felt my face redden. 

"Anytime" I responded. As I drove home I wondered if he had noticed my name on the credit card and if I might hear from him again. I remembered that I was supposed to get more supplies for the project I planned for next weekend. I smiled to myself as I thought about shopping next week.