 I became obsessed with Brian's cock from his profile pic. It displayed a nicely sized cock with a well proportioned head. I could see he shaved everything. There was something else that set it apart. The lighting, focus and detail was perfect like it was a studio shot. His other public pictures were better than most peoples' but this one got to me. I sent him a message. I received a response shortly after. This started a month of messaging conversations flirting and describing what we would do to the other. I was ready to meet from day one. He took a while before agreeing. Then our timing didn't work. He hadn't been with a man before so he had some reservations. I had experienced it personally and helped one other man through it. 

I decided a new approach was needed. I started asking him to send more pictures of his body and cock in particular. Maybe he'll get comfortable enough to meet. He had told me the neighborhood he lived in during one conversation. Then, one of the pictures showed the view from a front window. The house numbers across the street were crystal clear. Bingo! I immediately went out to check the homes with that number. I drove through his neighborhood and easily found it. I sat and looked at his house across the street. 

I started a routine of waiting for him to leave the house and following him. I found where he works. I followed him at the grocery store. I needed to find a way to break the ice. One afternoon an idea came to mind. I sent a couple more sexy pics but included a striped shirt in the background. It wasn't too bright but hopefully distinct enough to catch his eye when we meet.

The next evening an opportunity arose. I followed him to a home improvement store. It was a Wednesday night and the parking lot was almost deserted. I put on the striped shirt from my pictures, waited for him to go in and followed. I grabbed a cart and put a box off a shelf in it. I circled around and approached him. The shirt worked. When we were nearly face to face I saw him staring at it. I gave him a second to make eye contact. 

"Hi, are you Brian?" I asked. I was getting nervous about how he would respond. Had I really thought this through? 

"Hi, yes I am." he responded.

"Brian 4576?" I asked. Ok, I hadn't thought this through. How do I explain this one to him? I realized I was a couple inches taller making him look up at me. I tried to appear shorter by leaning on the cart a bit. I wasn't trying to intimidate. Is this about to go horribly wrong?

"Yes, that's me." he said, almost as an admission.

"I'm Steven, we've been chatting online recently." I let it hang out there for a minute. I started freaking out inside. I was sweating. I hadn't thought about much of anything else since seeing that first cock pic. I was so obsessed with it I made it the wallpaper on my phone. If this goes wrong I don't know how to recover. It has to work out. 

He reached out and took my hand in his. He pulled and I followed. This has to be good right? He led me to the restroom. Yes! I hope this means what I think it does. He took us to the last stall. I went in first. I needed Brian to put as much initiative into this as possible. He followed, turned and locked the door. 

When he turned back I held him close and I kissed him briefly. I think he kissed me back but I didn't want to risk turning him off from this. I moved down to kiss his neck. I kissed and sucked a bit while I unbuttoned his shorts. I let them fall. I reached in his underwear and felt his cock. I pulled it out. I wanted to look at it but was still kissing his neck, moving to his chest a bit. He hardened quickly to my touch. I need to see and taste it now. 

I got to my knees and was finally face to face with the cock. His cock that had consumed my dreams and thoughts for a month. The one that made me miss work. The one that woke me up early every day. It was inches in front of me. I couldn't wait or move slowly. I put my mouth on it. To the base. My nose was pushing on his soft shaved skin. My goatee was pushing his balls back. My hands rested on his smooth hips. I pushed my tongue out to feel his balls a little more. His head pushed into my throat. I pulled back while running my tongue back and forth across his cock. The skin felt as soft and smooth as I imagined. The head perfectly matched my lips while I flicked tip. I heard him moan and I knew we would be alright. I took him in to the base again. I made sure he could feel my goatee again on his balls. I wanted it to add to the eroticism so he would come back to me again after tonight. 

I sensed he was trying to cum but I wanted more. I invested a lot of time and effort to get to this point and it needed to last. I slowed and lessened my pressure. He relaxed so I could continue to build him up again. I worked him with my tongue and rhythmically took him in letting his head enter my throat. I had worked on meeting him for a month and I wanted the first time to be memorable. I sensed his orgasm coming again and pulled off him. I licked his balls and held his cock lightly in one hand.

After he relaxed a second time I took him in again. Next time I would allow him to cum. I would get my first reward for finding him. The pressure in my shorts had become too much so I pulled my cock out. I didn't jerk it because one stroke would set it off. Hopefully I can get Brian to take care of it today. I accelerated my efforts because his moans were getting more audible. Eventually someone would hear us. His body tensed and I felt him stand straighter. His hips moved in time with my head riding his cock. I put a hand on his balls in time to feel them tighten. His head swelled. I positioned to get his cum on my tongue with my lips holding the head tight. He squirted my reward over my tongue covering it quickly. I had worked for this delight. I savored it before swallowing most of my treat.

I wondered how far I could push him. His profile said cum swapping and cum eating was a turn on so let's have Brian prove it. I had some left on my tongue. I stood and went in for a kiss. He met my lips so I opened them to touch his with my tongue. He moaned again meeting my tongue with his. He pushed closer in. I pulled my tongue back to cover it with my saliva and his remaining cum left in my mouth. He moaned again when he got another taste of it. I pulled my tongue back and we kissed just with our lips for a moment. 

He stepped back and saw my cock. I think it may have startled him. He reached out to hold it regardless. He used my precum to lubricate his hand sliding on my shaft. I moaned. It felt so good after being hard for this time without getting any attention. He went to his knees and stared at my cock. He wasn't experienced with men so I let him take his time. 

Brian took me in his mouth. I almost shot right then. His mouth felt soft and comforting as he slid it down my cock taking more in. He fit most of my cock in but not all of it. He started bobbing his head on me. It felt good and I moaned involuntarily. He would make me cum soon and I would let him. I could teach him how to prolong a guy's orgasm when giving head but that would have to wait for another time. I felt it coming over me. I warned him I was close. He continued his movements. I came when he had my head against his throat. It is nice to have my cock deep in a warm, wet mouth when cumming. I held his head down on me. I like a cock to shoot in my mouth so I can taste it but shooting directly in a man's throat is satisfyingly enjoyable. I held it there as long as I thought he could handle it. When I pulled out he had to take a few breaths. 

He stood and we kissed again. Another good sign that he will meet with me again. It was soft and I felt like we were really connecting. I broke it off. 

"I need to get back before I am missed too much." No one was there to miss me but we had been here for too long. Eventually a manager would come through.

"Ok, it was great to meet you." he offered it sincerely. 

"Yeah, I would like to hang out with you sometime soon. Let me know when you have time." I responded. 

We shared one last kiss before I went to clean up at a sink. Just then a manager came in so I walked out and headed home.