 My name is Jamal. Coming from a public school in Ohio to play football at a small southern college has been a culture shock. It's not a bad place but I'm one of the few black kids on campus. My roommate Grant is a frat boy from Montgomery, Alabama. He's got blue eyes and blonde hair and he wears khaki pants and the polo shirts like they are a uniform. He's not a bad guy, though. He's got his friends and mostly I hang out with my teammates. 

Grant must have been drunk coming home tonight. I was sound asleep when I heard Grant making a racket and getting into the shower. I was annoyed but I woke up with a massive hard-on. I lay in bed for a few minutes, stroking my cock and considering my options. I noticed Grant had left the shower door open. He didn't notice me until I opened the shower door and got in.

"What the fuck," he said.

"Get on your knees and suck my cock," I told him.

"No. Fuck no. Get out."

"I'm not leaving until you do it. Now get on your knees and suck my cock."

He tried to get out but I grabbed him and pushed him against the tiles.

"I'm not kidding, Grant. You have to do this." 

"I'm not sucking your cock."

"I'm going to ask you nicely one more time. Get on your knees and suck my cock."

He stared at me defiantly. I grabbed his hair and forced him to his knees. He struggled but I pushed him down easily. 

"You can suck my cock or you can scream for help, but I'll tell everyone you followed me into the shower. It'll take five minutes and no one will ever know." I guess he weighed his options and realized giving me a quick blowjob would be the best one. He opened his mouth barely a little, and I put the head of my cock to his lips. I stood motionless, and he opened his mouth and slowly slid it onto my cock. I loosened my grip on his hair, and held on just a little so I could feel his head moving back and forth.

"Look, Grant. You're already sucking my cock so you just a soon do it well. Lick my balls. Use your hands. Show a little enthusiasm. If you keep doing it like this, we'll be here all night." 

Grant put a hand on my cock and his tongue made his way to my balls. I spread my legs and pushed his head between them and licked my balls without protest. I let go of his head and let him do it on his own. He alternated sucking and licking and stroking. He was doing a fine job. "Lick my thighs," I told him. And he licked the inside of my thighs inside and out while still stroking me with one hand.

I noticed Grant was using one hand to stroke his cock, and he was getting hard. I grabbed a handful of his hair and pulled him to his feet. I grabbed his cock and squeezed and pulled as hard as I could. He stood motionless with his eyes closed, almost unable to stand up. I turned him around and he put his arms against the shower wall for balance. I continued stroking him as I rubbed my cock up and down in his ass crack."

"Don't do this," he said softly. "No, no, no, no," he whispered but made no attempt to stop me.

"Touch yourself," I told him. He did and I lathered up my fingers with some conditioner and ran them across his anus. He kept stroking his cock and a minute later I had two fingers moving in and out of his ass.

"You have to stop" he said, but still stroking his cock. 

I put my right arm over his shoulder, and with my left I guided the head of my cock to his butthole. "Stick out your ass," I told him. When he did, I forced the head of my big black cock past the rim his tight white ass. He groaned and grimaced. Still with my right arm over his shoulder, I put my left arm around his body and pulled him to me. Slowly but firmly I pushed my cock into him. He stood motionless, as if I would notice and stop. 

"When I push in, you push back" I said after a few strokes. We found a rhythm together, and I think he might have even enjoyed it.

"Where's my cock?" I asked now shoving my cock in him as hard and deep as I could. "Where's my cock?" I asked again, this time twisting his nipple so hard that it would bruise.

"It's in my ass." He said.

"What am I doing?" I asked.

"You're fucking my ass."

"Say it again."

"You're fucking my ass."

"Say you love my big black cock," I said, fucking him as hard and deep as I could. 

"I love your big black cock" he whimpered. 

"Are you my bitch?" 

"Yes," he said.

"Say it again."

"I'm your bitch."

"Say it again."

"I'm your bitch." 

"Tell me you want me to come in your ass."

"Come in my ass."

"What's the magic word?" I said.

"Please come in my ass."

"You have to come first," I said. It didn't take him long, and a minute later he moaned as the semen dripped from his cock.

I pushed his upper body down so he was bent over, leaning against the shower wall for balance. I grabbed a fistful of his hair and pulled his head up. With my other hand on his shoulder, I forced myself as hard and deep as I could into him, over and over. His body was like a wet noodle, and the softer he got, the harder and angrier I fucked him. 

"Talk dirty to me if you want me to come," I said. When he didn't say anything, I said "I can do this all night. Is that what you want?"

"Fuck me... fuck me... fuck my ass... fuck me." 

I tried not to come but I exploded into him. I used all of my strength to push into him. Grant groaned one last time. I kept my cock pressed into him as deep as I could and pulled out only when I started to soften. 

We stood up and I said, "don't worry. It's our little secret." Grant looked relieved. "But one last thing," I continued. "Clean my cock off before we get out of the shower."