 I met him on the internet and found out he lived quite close to me. Our arrangement was settled long before our first meeting; him naked and hard, me between his legs, with a raging hard-on of my own, ready to welcome him into my wet mouth. He made it clear after our first session that he was interested in regularly getting together, that he didn't want this to be just a once in a while kind of thing. I agreed, trying not to show too much of my elation at his words. I started thinking of him as my cock friend right away and was very happy.

Over time he would come up with creative ways for us to enjoy our sessions. From road head to sucking him off in a supermarket bathroom to blowjobs at the beach (with people near but not too near!). He knew that I enjoyed getting him off outdoors (in a nature setting not 'in public') most of all, so that was his inventive focus the majority of the time.

One afternoon we were to hang out by his pool. He had me strip inside his house so I walked out to the pool area nude and nestled myself between his legs. My mouth went to work right away. Slurping and moaning softly around his beautiful cock, I was surely right where I belonged. After he'd finished emptying his cum filled beauties down my grateful throat, we discussed our next outing. 

A walk in the woods near his house. I loved the plan right away. He asked me to be sure to clothe myself as little as possible but to make sure to wear my favorite underwear. My favorite underwear is a pair of purple lace panties with a tiny pink bow right about where my pre cum pools when I am turned on. He hadn't seen me in panties of any kind as of yet, but I

was pretty sure he wouldn't care one way or the other.

One of my favorite aspects of being a cocksucker is my ability to get so into a blowjob that I can make myself cum without physical manipulation. I lose myself in the lewdness of it all and can send myself over the edge. It has gotten easier to do over time but it always helps to not have masturbated for a few days prior. 

He had to be out of town for a few days for work. He told me he would text me when he got back and we would take our sexual walk in the woods. Fortunately for me I do have other hobbies besides getting men off with my mouth, so I busied myself with other things while he was away. Even so, all the time he was gone my anticipation grew for our walk...

I was napping when the text came. When I looked at my phone to see who it was my cock grew instantly hard. He asked me to meet him at his house and we would walk to a wooded area near his subdivision. It was a nice day, not too hot and a nice breeze was blowing. We walked down a road that lead to a baseball field on the left and a patch of trees on the right. He lead me to the edge of the trees and we stepped under the tree cover.

He turned to me and smiled. Arching his eyebrow at me said everything. I removed my shirt and sandals. As I took off my shorts, I made sure to look at him as my cock covered panties came into view. His smile got broader, as if to say 'of course your favorite underwear is a pair of panties' I smiled back and he just jerked his head to say 'c'mon'. 

Leaving my few clothes behind me we walked further into the trees until we came to what looked like the oldest tree in the little area. He stopped and turned to me. Putting his hands in my shoulders he pushed me to my knees. My hands went to his crotch and felt his growing excitement. Pulling his zipper down and reaching into his shorts, I realized he was wearing his favorite underwear also, none at all. My cock surged as my hand touched him. I'd been with his manhood many times and each was amazing. I lowered his shorts to fully reveal his hard sex. 

I took a moment just to look at him. A little over five inches of pre cum tipped sexual fulfillment. He was cut allowing his sexy bulbous head to be seen at all times. My mouth was watering as my tongue darted out to lick the pearl at the tip. The taste sent another surge to my cock, now sticking lewdly out of my panties. My mouth, ready to pleasure him yet again, was watering. I put the tip of him to my lips and kissed. As he entered me, my eyes rolled back in my head. The sheer pleasure of it washed over me. I hoped it was alright to make a little noise out here as I heard myself moaning and making quiet whimpering noises around his hardness. 

I settled into a slow rhythm. Taking him all the way to the opening at the back of my throat, my nose touching his pubes and back to the tip again. Birds chirped above us as another breeze blew through the trees. Sucking him just felt so right. I would do this for him anytime he wanted and he knew it. How did I get so lucky? I craved sucking cock for many years before actually doing anything about it. So much wasted time!

Pulling my mouth all the way to the tip of his cock I kissed the head and started licking my way down the shaft to his balls. Licking, drooling and kissing them, I looked up to see his cock sticking out above me. The sight was so sexy my cock jerked a little. I could feel my distant but impending orgasm deep within. After bathing his sac with my saliva I returned to his cock. I moved my left hand up to gently cup and massage him. My right hand found his ass cheek as my head bobbed up and down. I felt my pre cum dripping down my hardness into my panties. They felt wet on my skin. I was in my element and I knew it.

I wanted to cum before he did so I started concentrating on my cock. Really focusing on making it surge in rhythm with his cock penetrating me. I almost felt a little selfish for giving my cock so much attention but I knew that after I came I could return all this unbelievable pleasure. My cock began to twitch involuntarily as my orgasm took control. It was a good thing I had a hard cock in my mouth as I came because I would have surely cried out. My muffled moans and whimpers mixed with the sound of the wind blowing through the trees was intoxicating.

My panties were soaked with my cum now as I felt him get close. I felt his balls retract as his cum started shooting into me. Gasps of pleasure coming from above me were music to my ears. Four or five strong shots of his seed went into me until he started to calm down. I looked up at him. His head back against the tree smiling. I kept him in my mouth until he went completely soft. He looked down at me and mouthed 'thank you'. The pleasure is all mine...