 Chapter One

I was on my way to the cottage after several years' absence. I had just inherited the place from my grandparents. On the weekend I was going to be 28 years of age, single and very excited about seeing my summer childhood haunt.

I loved our country refuge. The cottage was built in the early 40's by my dad and grandad. They scavenged material to build it because money was so sparse just after the war. They were resourceful and creative people and with odds and ends plac up building a real cozy summer place for us. 

Here I was driving through the country on a sunny autumn day all excited and anxious about seeing the place after being absent for several years. Alas, I arrived at my destination and to my surprise the old cottage looked exactly the same as when I had last seen it. Nothing had changed.

My first impression was the lot needed to be cleaned up and repairs to the cottage were overdue. Cautiously, I unlocked the door and walked in and was amazed to see things were still in place after being away for so long. The cottage needed to be aired desperately. So I got busy opening windows and doors to air it out well. Within a few hours it was smelling good and fresh.

I cleaned the kitchen and bathroom. Got the power on. The fridge going. The woodstove still worked and there was cut wood for the stove all nice and dry stacked in the wood shed. Nothing like a good woodstove fire to get the cottage smell going. In the next few days I had the cottage ship shaped, liveable and clean. I got busy cooking as I loved making simple comfort food...soups, stews and deep dish casserole dishes.

I was looking through the kitchen widow located above the sink checking out my next door neighbours place. It was a very humble cottage; some might call it a shack. It was quite old and ram shackled yet blessed with a lot of character. I noticed smoke coming out of the chimney. No sign of a car around the shack. I decided to go pay a visit. I heard a new owner bought the place two or three years ago. Supposedly he was retired. Local gossip. Anyhow out I went over to introduce myself.

I knocked on the old door and heard someone holler for me to come in. So I opened the door and walked into the kitchen. The woodstove was going strong and sitting at the table was the old guy. "Hi, my name is Bob, your next door neighbour." 

"Come in Bob, sit down and make yourself comfy. They call me Joe. Get a mug there and pour yourself a hot cup of coffee, just freshly made."

I thanked Joe and made myself at home. He seemed relaxed and a no fuss type of guy. We small talked letting one another know a little about each other. He was a bachelor and said he liked being independent, being his own man. He looked great, buzzed grey hair, sporting a huge yet neat white beard. He had a swarthy build and I found out later he was a wrestler in his youth, had worked as a lumberjack for years and travelled far and wide. Quite the character.

He was in good shape sitting upright on a wooden chair in his off white long underwear. I noticed some of the buttons on his underwear were undone especially near his crotch. I could not help but observe the size of his bulging long johns. Old Joe looked like he packed big nuggets and big meat. I could see some of his public hair poking out.

He asked why he had not seen me here since he moved in. So I went on to tell him about my life and what had happened. I told him I was finally taking over the cottage and wanting to get it back into shape that I was going to come here on weekends year round. He went on to tell me he bought the old shack two years ago. He did have a car, yet a buddy or two took turns bringing groceries or taking him to town when he needed to go into town. I offered to help and drive him to do groceries and banking or whatever he needed. He appeared to be very grateful for the offer. "I will gladly take you up on that young man." 

While we were chatting Joe would fondle his big hefty bulge, give it a squeeze, and move it around. He was definitely packing big serious meat. I had a thing for cock. Liked older men, daddy types and Joe was the kind I liked a lot. He let me know his place was a guy place so I was to expect to see him in his long johns most of the time. I knew he was sizing me up real good...the guy was sharp as tack and did not miss a thing. 

I observed a peculiar thing. Under the rectangular kitchen table there was a thick rubber mat and the table was somehow higher than normal. I asked Joe what it was for. With a big smile he said it was there to keep the cold off his feet and said if I wanted to come keep him company sometimes in the evenings while he played solitaire I could lie down or sit under the table and chat. That way he would not be disturbed and focus on his game. I thought it somewhat odd yet chalked it up to Joe's eccentric ways.

So I let him know I would be glad to come over and chat and keep company while he played cards...and keep myself under the table out of sight. He was happy to hear that and invited me to return after supper. 

I returned home to finish cleaning and sorting things out. Heated up a batch of beef stew I had prepared the previous day so I did not have to cook when I returned to the cottage. Got the bedroom in order and decided to bake a batch of plain drop cookies. That way I had something to bring over to Joe's to have with tea. Finally, I was heading out to see Joe again. I was very curious what the outcome of the evening was going to bring.

Chapter Two

I felt at ease with Joe as if we knew one another for a long time. I knocked and entered and there was Joe at the table with his cards out. He had a lantern on the table burning and one on a sideboard near the table. I wondered if he had hydro and found out he did not. Lanterns and woodstove...that is it. An outhouse. All the basics with a well and water you pumped into the cottage. Wow! I was impressed. 

Casually Joe urged me to make myself comfortable, take my clothes off if I wanted to and be at feel at ease in my underwear and big thick socks. I was wearing white knit boxer briefs that went to my knees and a long sleeve black t-shirt. I took my outerwear off and right away felt at home. I let Joe know I baked cookies for us to have with tea. He lit up when I told him this and offered me a cup of tea. I put out some cookies for him and I and made myself comfortable. I noticed he had added a thick blanket on top of the mat since I was last there in the afternoon.

Without a word I got my tea and crawled under the table. It was quite dark actually, the lanterns making for lot of interesting dancing shadows. I was sitting crossed legged. Slowly I became aware of my surroundings and saw Joe seated at the head of the table with his legs spread wide open. His thighs were big and strong looking. In between his wide spread legs was hanging his big heavy pouch and boy did it look big and heavy. It was a formidable pouch holding mature meat. He was seated in such a way that his balls and cock were hanging over the edge of the chair in the most revealing and inviting way. Wow! It looked like he had a cushion placed behind his back to keep him seated straight.

I wondered if he did on purpose to have his big package hanging over the chair. Whatever it was I was ok with it. I could not keep my eyes from taking in the amazing manly site. Again I noticed he had his long john buttons open yet now all the way down to his cock and balls. Suddenly Joe broke the silence and asked how I was doing down there and if I was comfortable. Good I answered and to my surprised he told to feel free to explore the surroundings down there and matter of factly letting me know there was no need for shyness on either of our parts. It was as if Joe was reading my mind because I wanted so much to crawl over and get between his legs. 

Carefully and quietly I got myself in place and moved up and placed my head between his wide open legs. I felt really good about being between his big strong thighs and started to sniff his crotch. I was taking in his manly smell...it was wood stove, musk and pubic hair smell. I could also smell dried sperm on his crotch. It was all good for me and got me going. 

Slowly I sniffed and took the intoxicating scent all in and moved my head so as to put it into his open long johns...that was my head was inside the underwear and felt like I was wearing a feed bag. My tongue reached out to lick the fat meaty cock that was in my face. The smell of his big balls drove me wild. Gently I licked his big mature tool and gradually slipped it into my mouth. I just held for awhile without sucking or moving just glad to hold it my mouth and feel Joe's manhood while he played solitaire.

He never said a word and just kept playing his favorite card game. I could tell I was taking care of his package just the way he liked it, slow without rushing things It was as if he was offering me his manhood to give me the opportunity to bond and get close to an older man in my life. I always felt I needed that and he was giving me the opportunity to fulfill this want and boy did he know how to do it. 

I stayed there holding his big cock in my mouth for quite some time and then slowly started to milk it with my warm mouth, gently sucking and suckling like a baby. I kept thinking I was sucking daddies cock and daddy was going to give me his man sauce and feed his hungry boy. 

Joe was quite the dripper. His precum flowed like maple sap in spring and it tasted so good. I never stopped swallowing the whole time his cock was in my mouth. My head in his underwear feeling secure and comforted and safe. His cock was now hard as a rock and fat and big. I figured Joe was about measuring about 7 inches long and real thick. Loved his big mushroom head. Uncut cock with a big low hanging set of hairy balls. I sucked on them a lot and made sure they were well taken care of.

After about two hours of sucking and licking and holding that big fat meat I knew Joe was ready to feed me. His cock swelled and got really hard and pumping and again without a word that man sap started to ooze out in the most incredible way. Hot thick creamy man juice flowed out nice and quiet into my mouth. All I could do was taste and swallow the reward Joe was kindly giving me and he sure was generous. It went on and on and I swallowed and thrilled at the amount I was getting to eat. One day I wanted to measure how much juice Joe was giving.

At last when I had sucked him dry and cleaned his cock and balls thoroughly I carefully took my head out of his underwear and lay back on the mat. After a while I heard Joe ask if all was ok down there. Everything is sure fine and good was my reply to Joe. Finally I decided it was time to go home. I got up, dressed while Joe continued his game and bid him good night. He said he enjoyed my company and that I was welcome to come over any time I wanted to. I thanked Joe for his kindness and generosity and out the door I went.

Once I was back at my cottage I reflected on the evening and how unusual it was and even though few words were spoken we had come closer together. We did not need to talk much. Joe was giving me what I needed at this time. I loved how he let me do my thing, let me enjoy his big manly daddy cock and balls. I liked that I was tasting his delicious man juice in my mouth. He sure had given me an extremely big load and figured he probably had not cum for quite some time.

The next day I went to ask Joe if he needed groceries that I was going into town to buy a few things. He was glad I asked because he needed some provisions too. I took the opportunity to offer to take him to lunch when we were out and he gladly accepted. Our trip to town gave us the opportunity to talk a little more and catch up on things in general. I liked Joe's dry sense of humour, his quick wit and his exceptional observational abilities. His eyes were hooded and wise and when he looked at you he saw through you.

Joe filled me in on some of his past. That he had been in prison for theft. "I was young, foolish and arrogant," he told me. After he got out of prison he went up north to work in a lumberjack camp and that helped to straighten him out a lot. He worked there for many years. That is where he learned to wrestle. The man was still built like a brick shit house and he was strong, real strong. I had a gut feeling that Joe was a repository of great wisdom and that I was going to learn many things from this man. 

We finally got to town, did our grocery shopping, banking and headed for a great diner in the old part of town. We ate to our hearts content. Before long we were headed back to the country. I helped get Joe's things inside and then went over to my place to unload what I had purchased. I decided to stay in and take it easy, catch up on some reading I was into and get to bed early. It was interesting to note that while we were out Joe and I never talked about sex or the previous evening. I felt so fulfilled from feeding on his big man cock. 

The next morning, I was up early, it was 7pm and I decided to do some raking around the property, clean up old fallen branches and get things in order as best I could. I saw Joe come out, he waved at me and motioned for me to go over. Off I went to Joe's. "Would you like to come over this evening after supper and keep me company while I play solitaire?" Without missing a beat I let Joe know I would love to go over to his place later on. I could already see my head inside his long johns smelling his big bulge. "I would really like that Joe. See you later."

Joe did confide earlier on while we were having lunch that he liked to masturbate and that he had a habit of wiping his cock and balls with his man juice. He preferred to wash every two to three days or so. He liked the scent of his cock that way. I agreed with him and I told him I found it to be very masculine and extremely virile. The taste drove me wild. Then Joe changed the subject and went on about his past again.

Chapter Three

I got my chores all done, managed a nap and even made a batch of cookies, that way I could give some to Joe. I noticed he had a sweet tooth. I could not wait to go over to Joe's. Before long I was at his door for 7pm sharp. I knocked and heard Joe's voice telling me to come. There he was seated at the table all settled in. His cards were laid out, lanterns lit, "Why don't you get into your underwear son and make yourself comfortable under the table. Grab a tea." "Thanks, I will do that." 

It was strange how few words were spoken yet it was ok and we both knew what I was there for. As I crawled under the table my cock was getting nice and hard and wet. I looked up to see Joe's big muscular thighs wide open with his big heavy plump cock and balls hanging over the edge of the chair like the other night beckoning me to do my duty and milk his big daddy meat. His long john buttons were open like before and so I made myself comfortable and ready to enjoy a long and slow session. I was there to milk his big bull cock. He had let me know on our ride back from town that he really liked having his cock milked and preferred giving his cream to someone who was worthy of his manly gifts. I was going crazy hearing this. He again did not say more after that.

So here I was my head at his underwear opening taking deep breaths so as to whiff down his manly daddy smells. What a turn on. I noticed his cock and balls had a strong sperm smell so I knew he had jerked off on the previous day and left it there for me to relish and enjoy. What a treat. Carefully I put my head inside his long johns and opened my mouth to begin my milking duty. My eager tongue licked his big cock and then I proudly opened my mouth to receive Joe's big fat cock. What a beauty it was and it filled my mouth just the way I liked. I held it for him while he played solitaire...just happy to have it in my mouth. It was an honour to have his big proud tool in my mouth. I felt privileged that he would give me that beautiful prize, proud and so happy. 

Gently I began to suckle and suck and went at it slowly so as not to rush him. I wanted Joe to feel the pleasure of my warm mouth suckling and taking care of his daddy meat. I felt like his little boy. Meanwhile his cock was dripping something furious more so than the other night and getting drunk on his tasty precum. I loved how Joe just sat there playing cards letting me do my job without a word or interference. When I felt him getting close to coming I slowed down to a stop and just held his cock in my mouth savouring the feel and weight of his big erect cock. 

Then after maybe 10 minutes or so I again got sucking slowly and just enjoyed the sucking action nursing my dad's hot cock. I was amazed at Joe's self-control, his ability to not cum quickly. I realized he liked to be edged and made sure I was sucking him and doing it the way he wanted. I was there to please him. The edging went on for a good two hours and Joe's cock was bigger and fatter and leaked like an open spigot. The taste was incredible and I loved how I was able to drink his nectar the whole time I sucked and held his big meat in my mouth.

At long last I could feel it was time, I sensed he was ready to feed his boy and feed me he did. His cock started to ooze and let loose a hot lava flow of hot man sauce into my hungry mouth. Eagerly I lapped it up and swallowed every drop not wasting any making sure his cock and balls were totally cleaned, spotless. Again I kissed his cock and got my head out of his long johns. Then I rested a minute before getting dressed. 

Then I heard Joe say, "you are a good son, you milked daddy just the way he likes it." I replied without thinking, "thank you daddy." Again not another word was spoken. I got dressed, said good evening and Joe nodded and went back to his card game. I was home dazed and euphoric trying to piece together what had happened. Joe called me his son and used the word daddy and I said thank you daddy.

There was an incredible father son bond occurring, something I realized was desperately missing in my life. My dad was the classic invisible dad. A good man yet we just never bonded. So here was Joe giving me what I required and I sensed he knew exactly how to go about this. Once I got back to the cottage I went to bed and fell asleep in a calm and ever so satisfied manner. I felt complete and had never experienced this before. 

Chapter Four

I had a satellite dish installed at the back of my place, that way I was connected to the outside world, able to do my work. I did freelance design consulting. I could skype and call etc. I turned one of the little bedrooms into a den workspace. Painted the room, furnished it to be comfortable and pleasant. This took me a few days to accomplish. In that time I saw Joe during the day a few times. I was making food for two now most of the time. Joe wasn't the greatest cook.

Alas, I got to go over to his place the following evening for 7 pm sharp as usual. Joe was waiting seated at the table, everything in place, cards out. "Good evening son Joe uttered. Your daddy needs to be milked, my big balls are full of man juice for you son." Again I was surprised to hear this coming from Joe who barely said a word on such evenings. "Yes daddy" I replied like a little boy, "I came over especially to milk your big daddy cock. Thanks you for giving me the honour of milking you Sir." And with that I got undressed my hard cock tenting my boxers. 

I noticed Joe took in the sight with a keen eye. My underwear was wet with precum already. Eagerly I crawled under the table and made my way to daddy's wide open legs. I was so excited and all worked up knowing Joe was wanting me to milk him and had said so out loud. I truly was surprised at that. He knew just how to work me and get me to open up nice and slow. I just loved inserting my head into his long johns. I was secure and happy in his manly cocoon. The smell of cum was real strong. I figured Joe had jerked off every day and let his cum sit on his cock and balls for me so I started to lick his balls and get them cleaned up and oh the taste, it was so good and manly. Then I got my tongue under his hood and pushed it back and licked and lapped it all clean. I was in ecstasy, the pungent cock cum smell and taste was driving me wild.
