 My name is Chris and I'm 28 years old and I've been training in martial arts for almost 4 years when I tested for my black belt. It was a long test that took about 8 hours. We did everything that I trained for. It included of all our katas, sparring, philosophy, and all types of self-defense. Needless to say, I was very tired afterwards.

I took a week off from my job for this test and I had a few more days left to spare. I figured that I would drive to Miami and visit my aunt and cousin for a couple of days.

I woke up early and went to the shop to have my car serviced for my trip. It was a routine service like oil change, tire rotation, full inspection, and topped all my fluids. After I was done, it was time to hit the road. The distance from Orlando to Miami is about 230 miles.

It went smooth driving down the Florida's Turnpike. I was doing about 80-90 mph with the music blasting. When I got to Broward County, it started to rain. Then it got worse as I kept going. I went from 90 mph to barely 20 in a snap of a finger. People can't drive when it's raining and I hate that. 

My cousin Phil called me on my cell to see if I was ok. I told him that I was and that I'm about 15 minutes away. He told me that when I get to his apartment complex, go directly to the apartment clubhouse behind the leasing office.

The storm was getting worse by the minute. I was about 3 blocks away from his complex and I couldn't see 20 feet in front of me! 

After I finally arrived, the security gates were open and I drove in. Got to the clubhouse and ran top speed from my car to the door. It was no use. I was so wet that it looked like I took a shower with my clothes on. I went inside and I saw my cousin.

"You look a little wet!!" Phil said while laughing.

"No shit Sherlock!" I snapped back.

He approached me with a hug and said "It's good to see you"

"Yeah, it has been at least a couple of years".

Let me describe Phil before I go on. He's about 5'10 and about 190 – 200 lbs. He has short brown hair, hazel eyes, and pretty muscular. He looks attractive from a straight male's point of view. He never has had a girlfriend ever. My aunt was starting to wonder about him.

Phil had turned 18 a couple of weeks ago and was getting ready to graduate high school. He was shooting pool by himself in the clubhouse and I started to play.

"Are you good at pool?" he asked

"I can hold my own" I replied

We played for about 45 minutes and he killed me 6 straight games. It's a good thing that we didn't have money involved or I'll be broke.

"You suck!!" he commented

"Fuck you! I don't have time to play pool all day"

"You want to go to my house and get settled in?"

"OK, it looks like it stopped raining"

We drove to his apartment and went inside. He has a beautiful apartment. It's very spacious with marble floors, screened-in patio, and all black furniture. I loved it. 

"You can sleep in the guest bedroom. Just drop your bags by the bed." Phil said.

"Cool that works for me!!"

The room is very large with a king size bed and a 27" TV with a VCR and DVD player combo. I could live here forever. After I checked out the room, I just dropped my bags off and headed back out to the living room and watched TV with Phil.

He changed his clothes before he came out to the living room. He was wearing a short sleeve t-shirt and gym shorts. I sat on the couch and he lied on stomach on the floor between me and the TV. While watching a movie, my eyes wondered to other places around his apartment including Phil.

My eyes were glued to his ass. Now I'm not gay but I can't stop at staring at his ass. Every time I go to a club, my biggest thing I notice about a girl is her ass. The way it's shaped, curves, and jiggles as she walks. Just by thinking about it gives me a hard-on.

I just can't stop staring at it. It looks like a girl's ass. His shorts are a little tight and showed the shape of his ass. It's nicely curved round with well toned legs. I found myself getting hard. I shifted around the couch to hide it if he looks over his shoulder to say something. 

After the movie ended, we started to talk. We talked a lot about everything. And the subject of sex came up. I asked him if he has or ever had a girlfriend.

"No, I'm single for the time being" he said.

"Have you ever had sex with a girl?" I asked.

He looked away from me in shame, but what he told me next blew my mind.

"I never had sex with a girl but……"

"But what?!" I said with concern.

"I did have sex with my best friend who is a male" he said with his voice cracking.

I was in complete shock and excited at the same time. I don't understand why though because I'm not gay.

"Please don't tell my mom; she'll kill me"

My aunt Tiffany is a huge homophobic. I guess it runs in my father's family because my father hates gays. The subject itself makes him sick.

"No I won't say anything, I promise" I assured him.

"Do you think any less of me?" he asked.

"No, not at all"

"I can see that you have a hard-on there" he tells me.

"I won't lie to you, it did excite me" I said.

"Have you ever been with a guy?" 

"No."

"Ever want to try it, if you do, I can show you that's its just as good as being with a girl if not better"

I started to say something but my voice was trembling. He climbs onto the couch and sits close to me. He starts to rub my thigh and then moves his hand to my cock. I wanted to stop him but the way moved his hand was so smooth that I couldn't stop him even if I tried.

He pulls my face to him and started kissing me. His tongue was going all over my mouth. I did the same to him. After a few minutes of kissing, he puts his hand into my pants and strokes my now steel hard cock. He unzips my zipper and pulls it out. He slides off the couch and kneels between my legs and puts it in his mouth. His mouth is warm and slippery, I was in heaven. 

He moves up and down with his move like a piston moving in a cylinder. I can't believe what is happening to me. Getting the greatest blow job ever my own male cousin?! This can't be happening. Then all of a sudden, something happens. As I was receiving the best blow job known to man and he stops. A million of things were rushing through my head. Is it me? Did he realize of what was happening? Did he think I was going to kill him? I didn't know what to think.

He got up and walked away. I was thinking "OH SHIT!! What happened?!" He left the living room and came back out a minute later totally naked with a towel in one arm and a bottle of baby oil in the other.

He speaks "I want you to fuck me in the ass"

Phil spreads the towel on the floor and crawls on top of it. He takes the oil and rubs a lot of it to his asshole sliding two fingers and soon three in. His ass is all nice and slippery and ready to be fucked. The site of it is so erotic that my cock is very hard and started to hurt.

I kneeled down behind him. He's on his knees and is now resting on his elbows with his legs spread apart. His asshole is in plain view. I place my cock head to his asshole and start to push. It pops in easily due to the oil. With one smooth stroke, I'm all the way in. I pull out slowly to the head and back in. After about a minute, I begin to quicken the pace. Soon I was pumping in and out like a piston. This is the greatest feeling I have ever encountered. The surprising part is that this is with my own cousin! I saw this kid grow up. We always lived far away from each other but I saw him pretty often and now here I am fucking the shit out of him.

"OH YES, YES, YES THAT FEELS FUCKING GOOD" he screams out.

"You have the greatest ass I've ever fucked. I want to fuck you forever" I replied.

I've only fucked two girls in the ass but this is by far the best fuck ever. Not many girls are keen in anal fucking. Oh well, that's not the subject here.

I reached around his waist and grabbed on his cock and started to stroke him. He's getting the double pleasure now. Getting his cock fucked and ass fucked.

"I can't last much longer" he tells me.

"I can't either" I said.

I let go of his dick and now both hands are now on his waist. I grabbed on to him and fucked him for all he's worth. Phil was serious that he couldn't last much longer because he started to spew cum all over the towel. I was so excited to see that that I started to cum but deep into his ass.

"OH GOD, I'M CUMMING!!!" I shout out.

"YES CUM IN MY ASS!! I WANT YOU TO CUM IN MY ASS" Phil screams.

After we both came, we were very exhausted. We lied on the carpet because Phil came on the towel. I was laying on top of him with my dick in his ass still semi-hard slowly going soft. 

"Chris, you were the best I've ever had. I hope that you don't feel uncomfortable about the gay cousin-fucking thing" he tells me.

"I did at first but when I realized of how much fun you are to fuck, I'm feeling real good now but we have to keep this quiet" I replied.

"Trust me, I'm not saying a damn thing!!"

"Good maybe we can do this again before I go back home" I asked.

"Hell yeah, but now we have to clean this up before my mom gets home"

After we cleaned up, we watched TV to wait for my aunt to get home. The phone rings and it was her. She said that she's not going to be home for about a few hours because she's still working on her client's case. She might not be home until around 11pm to midnight. My aunt is a very tough and hard-working lawyer. Needless to say, we have plenty of time for some more fun.

Look out for future chapters of more stories.