 Hello All, I have been thinking of sharing my story since long but never been able to write it up. But I am finally writing it now. 

I am a 30 year old guy settled in California USA now. This story goes back many years when I was a young kid living in small town in Northern part of India. I used to visit my cousins place very often which was about 20 minutes' drive from our place. I have two cousins, Vishu about 8 years elder to me and other Puneet about 4 years elder to me. They lived along with their family. I had strong bonding with Vishu somehow. Both of them used to share room with two beds in there, one King size bed used by Vishu and another twin size used by Puneet. 

Whenever I visited them, I shared room with them and slept along with Vishu on his King size bed. Vishu used to drink secretly and his parents didn't know, but since i slept next to him lot of times I figured that out. One summer when I was visiting them for couple weeks, we went to sleep after watching a movie on TV and as usual I laid down on Vishu's bed. I was 19 years old at that time. Within few minutes I noticed Vishu sneaked out of the room and I knew he was going to get his quota of alcohol for the day and I dozed off. 

After few hours I was feeling a bit uneasy and woke up. I noticed I was lying on my right side facing away from Vishu and Vishu was tightly hugging me from behind with his left leg almost over mine. His left arm was across my chest and was tightly pulling me behind against him. But the thing making me most uncomfortable was his hard dick which was pushing against my ass. I was very uncomfortable in that situation and was shocked but didn't know what to do. I remember every minute passing felt like an hour at that time but was scared to even move away. I could clearly smell alcohol from his lips sitting right next to my ears. I gradually started feeling as if he was moving his hips as if he was screwing my ass. 

I kept pretending as if I was asleep but he kept getting more and more violent in his moves gradually. He even started biting my left ear and my neck from behind. I think this continued for around 20-25 minutes and then I felt he left me and went straight to the attached rest room. I suddenly felt I could breathe and immediately changed my position to lie completely on my chest. I am sure he went to rest room to offload his stuff since when he came back he didn't even come near to me and slept. I remember that night I couldn't sleep for long time.

Next morning, by the time I woke up, Vishu had left for work and Puneet had left for his tuition classes. I had memories of last night fresh in my mind and I was shaking a bit while thinking of it because of shock. I got fresh, had breakfast and started watching TV, but all this time I was only thinking about the night. Somehow those thoughts started getting me excited and the more I thought of them harder I was getting down there. In couple hours Puneet came back and we went out to play with his friends. By the time we came back it was evening so we freshened up. 

Both of us were very hungry and had early dinner. After dinner I went to take shower and then went directly to bed that night. I was asleep by the time Vishu got back, but when he got into bed I woke up. This time he immediately hugged me tight from behind again and lifted his head to kiss my cheek. I kept pretending as if I was sleeping. 

Gradually he started moving his body towards mine so to not leave any room even for the air. That night I felt his cock getting hard against my ass. For some reason I was enjoying this to some extent that night but was way too much scared to react or do anything. He again started moving his hips as if he was fucking my ass. I was feeling his cock rubbing tight against my ass. He then moved his hand from under my t shirt to my chest and started cupping my nipples. 

The intensity of his moves was too much intense to be ignored so I had to pretend as if I just woke up from sleep. Surprisingly he was not bothered about it and rather turned me around to face him and hugged me tight. As soon as his legs felt my cock was hard as well, she just started kissing my lips. I tried to resist but was not happening. His one hand was squeezing my ass cheeks from inside my shorts while he kept kissing my lips. He then gradually started moving his tongue in my mouth which I thought was disgusting and kept blocking with my teeth.

While he was doing all this, he kept moving his hips and i could feel his monster cock rubbing against mine. He moved his hand from my ass to my cock and finding it rock hard he giggled. I felt a little embarrassed but that didn't stop there and he started stroking it. 

Within couple minutes I shot my load in my shorts. As soon as that happened, I felt disgusted and forcefully went away to rest room to clean myself up. After cleaning up I came back and lied on the edge of the bed far away from him. But he again tried to turn me around to face him but I resisted strongly. 

He then just put his leg on top of mine and hugged me tight from behind again. I could still feel his cock rubbing against my ass up and down. He tried multiple times to turn me around to face him but I did not let that happen. I then felt he was removing his boxers. After doing that he then pushed his knee between my two lets and started rubbing my balls and cock with it. In few minutes I started getting hard again. He then removed my shorts and my underwear and pushed his cock right next to my ass crack. I could feel the wetness on the tip of his cock wetting my ass. I didn't like that feeling but was unable to do anything since he had held me tight by then. 

He kept lying in that position and started licking and kissing my neck from behind. I could feel his berating on my neck and was turning me on. He then reached out to his cock and aligned against my tight hole. Before I realized anything he was trying to push it in. It was that time when I actually felt how big and wide his monster cock was. 

In couple jerks he pushed his dick head in my ass and I actually let a light painful shout out and moved away from him. I felt a very sharp pain and was crying for few minutes while hoping the pain would go away. He realized I was in bad pain and he did not try to do anything again rather kept rubbing my ass for few minutes. By the time pain went away he moved a little away and started jerking his dick until he was done. 

That night passed and next morning when I woke up, I was alone in the room. I freshened up, and went to take shower in the rest room attached to the room. While I was in the shower, I saw Vishu used the key to unlock the rest room and he came in. He was completely nude and semi erect at that time. He had a mischievous smile on his face and he suddenly came right next to me under the shower and started kissing me while he hugged me tight again. 

I could feel his cock kissing mine and I got erect within seconds. His hand moved to rub my ass hole while his cock kept playing with mine. While he had his arm tightly wrapped around me, he moved me a bit and reached out to baby oil lying on one of the shelved. He poured it on his hand and started rubbing my ass with it. He then started inserting his finger in my ass after lubricating with oil. At the same time he kept licking ly lips, ears and cheeks. 

I was loving what all was happening and within few minutes he inserted 3 of his fingers in and was finger fucking me. After few minutes he went on his knees, while we were under the shower and started kissing my cock. He gradually inserted my cock in his mouth and started sucking it, that was the best feeling i have ever had in my life. He did not do that for long and got up. He again reached out for the oil and applied a lot of it on his hard cock, I knew what was coming. 

I was too much excited but was not ready for that yet, he then again started lubing my ass with oil. When his fingers were lubing my hole, I was moaning with pleasure and was in no position to say no to anything going in there. He then turned me around and bent me a little. I put my hands on the shelf for support while I felt his monster dick head again placed right next to the hole. Before I realized I am making a mistake he, held his dick with one hand and my shoulder with other and lightly pushed the head in. Probably because he had stretched my ass with his finger and lot of lubrication I did not feel a lot of pain at that time. 

In next couple seconds he gradually started pushing it in very gently. I was moaning in pain but was for some reason feeling trapped in there. In 1-2 minutes his whole length was in me and his both hands on my shoulders. I then felt he started pumping his cock in and out of me at increased pace and at that time I was not feeling any pain. The feeling of getting fucked by my cousin for reason was keeping me turned on. 

He was screwing my ass like crazy in within few minutes and by this time I was neither feeling any pain nor a lot a of pleasure. I then realized he was getting stiff and was about to cum, and before I could move away he had cum in my ass and was still there for few seconds. He then gradually got his cock out and took shower with me. During the shower he jerked me as well.

This continued since then and more members joined in as well. I will share those in next stories. Hope you like my story and please share any feelings with me in the comment section or the contact tab in my profile.