 This story contains events I encountered after the ones I shared in my previous story. 

Without wasting any more time I will start with my story. Since my cousins Vishu and Puneet used to share same room, I felt Puneet was aware of the stuff going on between Vishu and me. We tried to keep it quiet and noiseless but at times I was letting out some painful cries which probably got Puneet's attention. 

I used to hang out with Puneet and his friends while I was at their place during summer vacations. One day I woke up and took shower when Puneet and his friend Vicky came home. I was 19 years old at that time. We decided to go to the city and watch a movie there. 

I finished my breakfast and got ready while Vicky got his motorbike to pick us up. It is very common to seat three people on a motor bike in that part of country. Puneet insisted to drive the bike to which Vicky agreed but insisted that I sit in the middle. I did not find any problem with that and agreed. Puneet was ready with the bike and I sat behind him. 

I saw Vicky was kind of excited to have me sit me in the middle and while sitting on the bike he told Puneet to drive slow and carefully while he is having fun with me. I did not understand the context completely but I started thinking if Puneet had told everything to Vicky as well. 

City was about 40 minutes' drive from where we were. As soon as we drove out of the town, Vicky moved his hands to my thighs from my shoulders and started rubbing them very subtly while he engaged me in some regular talks. His rubbing was very gradually getting more obvious and intense. He was coming near to my ear while he was speaking and was trying to touch his lips on my ears and on my neck on every chance. 

After few minutes he kept his chin on my right shoulder while his hands were rubbing on my thighs in round motions and were gradually moving towards my crotch. I was getting very excited and horny with all these things. I was able to feel Vicky cock getting hard against my back and with that feeling I was also getting hard. At times my cock was poking Puneet back and at times I felt Puneet was also moving his butt in a way so as to rub my cock. No one was saying anything and it was all getting very intense and obvious now. 

In next few minutes we were on the outskirts of the city and there was more traffic and people on the road. However none of this seemed to affect Vicky and he kept going on and eventually he started rubbing over my dick and my balls. We finally reached the theatre and as soon as I got off the bike I felt my cock leaked a lot of pre cum in my boxers. 

No one said anything about what was going on during the ride and were reacting very normal as if nothing happened. After parking the bike we all went towards the ticket window to purchase tickets. There was huge crowd waiting to buy ticket and we joined as well. By the time we reached the ticket window all the tickets were sold for the next show. We quickly decided to buy tickets for the other movie which was being showed in smaller hall in same theatre. This movie we got ticket for was not doing very well and there were hardly any people there to watch it. 

The show for this movie was going to start after about 2 hours. We decided to go to a nearby restaurant to snack in the meantime. I was still thinking about all the things which were happening during the motor bike ride and was still not able to breathe normally. It was about 11 am at that time and there were not many people in the restaurant. 

We choose a table with 4 chairs and sat on it. Vicky sat next to me and immediately placed his hand on my thigh and cock which was semi erect at that time. Immediately the waiter came to get our order. We ordered milk shakes and I felt the waiter was noticing Vicky's hand and I was getting very uncomfortable because of that. I could not think of anything else so got up and went towards restroom. There restroom was accessible to only one person at a time and was not like common public restrooms. I went in, locked the door and was staring at the mirror for few minutes. 

Their restroom was very neat with brown tiles on the floor and granite on the walls. After few minutes I got a bit normal and washed my hands and decided to go back. As soon as I opened the door I found Vicky standing right outside. He pushed me back inside and barged in as well. He immediately locked the door and came towards me. I was a bit scared and nervous with these things and was trying to walk backwards and away from Vicky. In couple seconds I hit the wall behind me and Vicky immediately jumped on me. 

Vicky straight away held my cock with his left hand and started kissing my neck with his right hand on the wall. He was rubbing my cock really nicely. I was excited as well so was not resisting at all. He then moved his hands to hug me and rub my back. He then started kissing my cheeks and moved his hands on my butts and was rubbing them really hard. With his rubbing he was pulling me towards him and I was able to feel his hard cock. He eventually started kissing my lips without sucking them and was trying to rub my hole with fingers of one hand was grouping one ass cheek with other hand. 

I was very horny by then and I was kissing him back, I started sucking his lips and hugged him very softly. I started moving my hands inside his t-shirt and was rubbing his back while we were kissing each other very passionately. This continued for few minutes and then Vicky undid my jeans, boxers and his t-shirt. 

Vicky then quickly held on to my dick and started stroking it while kissing my neck and lips. Our tongues were playing with each other for long times now. My cock and body was starting to get stiff and I felt like I was going to cum in no time. Vicky sensed that and left my cock immediately. He moved back and undid his trousers and briefs. He made me sit down on the floor on my knees while he was stroking his hard cock. His cock was about 5 to 5 and half inches long and was not very thick. 

I was out of my senses by that time and had no control over anything. He held his cock with his right hand and pulled my head towards his cock using his left hand. His cock was touching my cheeks and lips but I was not opening my mouth since I felt it was gross to suck cocks. He asked me to put it in mouth but I just shook my head and denied. However he kept trying and was rubbing his dick against my cheeks. His cock was oozing a lot of pre cum and all of that was spilling over on my cheeks. Cum leaking out of his cock on my mouth was bothering me a lot and I kept wiping it with my hand.

He then moved on side and pushed me down on the floor so that I was on all 4 on the ground. He then went behind me and positioned himself between my legs. In couple of seconds I felt his wet cock rubbing against my hole. He positioned his cock head right against my hole and with one hand on my back he started to push it in. I was still in denial mode and was trying to move my butts forward so as to avoid penetration. After couple of attempts he moved his hand from my back to my shoulder and with a hard thrust pushed his dick in. His dick was very wet and lubricated with his pre cum but did hurt me a lot. I remember I punched the ground because of the pain I felt. I did not feel anything for next few seconds and was recovering from the sharp pain I felt. 

I wasn't even sure if all of his cock was inside me or not and he paused there for a bit so that I could recover. He then moved his cock out a bit and I felt as if walls of my ass were being pulled outside by someone. He then gradually pushed it in again and I felt the cock went further inside me this time. My arms were bent by now and my head was lying on the ground. Vicky held my hips from the side and was very slowly moving his cock in and out. Since the only lubrication at that time was pre cum from Vicky's cock, I was feeling a lot of friction and irritation. 

Within few minutes my hole was stretched enough to accommodate Vicky's cock and I felt Vicky was now easily able to move it in and out. He was gradually increasing his pace and I could hear his moans in between. In no time he was fucking my ass rigorously while I felt his sweat dripping on my back. At this time I could feel balls hitting just below my hole and that is how I knew his cock was going in and out as his dick was going in and out so fast that my hole was not getting any time to realize if the cock moved out and came back in. 

I felt somehow the ass now was lubricated and was not feeling any pain. His moans were getting loud and his thrusts were picking up pace. In couple minutes I felt his hands held onto my hips very tightly and he kept cumin inside my ass for 4-5 seconds with his cock thrusts. He was trying to catch on his breath and his hands moved from my hips to the ground right next to my shoulders while his cock was still inside me. 

He then lied on my back and transferred some of his weight on me. Then he reached out to grab my dick and started stroking me lightly. With the feeling of his cock and cum in my ass, it took me less that 30 seconds to cum in his hands.

Vicky then moved back and very slowly removed his cock form my ass. He stood up and used the tissues to clean up his cock and started clothing himself. I could feel huge load inside my ass and I crawled towards tissues and started cleaning myself by sitting on my feet. Vicky then used tissues to clean my load from the floor. He then left the restroom and asked me to come soon with a very wicked smile on his face. 

I locked the door again, washed my hole and my face. I then put on my clothes, did my hair and went out. As I was walking towards the table, I noticed both Puneet and Vicky were staring at me and were laughing. I was very nervous and sat on my chair. Puneet and Vicky had already finished their shakes by then and asked me to finish mine quickly. I picked the glass and chugged the shake in. Puneet then told that he already paid and we should go to the movie hall and can hang around near the hall for a bit before the movie.

While I was walking out of the restaurant, I noticed a group of 4-5 waiters were whispering standing together near the door and were whispering and laughing while looking at me. I felt they imagined what had happened in the restroom since there they would have noticed two guys were not on the table and were in restroom together. 

However I somehow walked out of the restaurant as quickly as I could. As soon as I stepped out I wanted to run away far from the restaurant. Puneet ran and came close to me and put his arm around me while we were walking. He then with a wicked smile asked me if I had fun but I did not respond to his question. 

He then told me that he know what all I do with Vishu in the nights and said even he has right to have some fun with me. He kept talking dirty things to me and on every chance rubbed his hands against my butts. We then sat in the shade outside the theatre and waited for the movie time. Punnet now started asking Vicky on how Vicky did me and if I was tight etc. Vicky was laughing it off and was asking Puneet to not irritate me. Puneet even told me that one day both of them along with Vishu will fuck me together and I was going to be their bitch from now on. 

When there were few minutes left in the movie, Puneet insisted to go back home and not watch the movie. I felt he wanted to reach home and fuck me as soon as he can. Vicky was not interested in movie either and I was not even asked. We then decided to go back and Puneet again was driving the bike and I was sitting in the middle. 

As soon as we crossed the city Vicky started cupping and pinching my boobs with both his hands. However It seemed he was not as much into it as much he was while we were riding towards the city.

After about 15 minute drive, Puneet turned bike off the road and kept driving for couple minutes on one trail. When asked about it, Puneet said just wait and watch. I knew Puneet was not ready to wait until we got home but was not sure what exactly was he planning to do. He then turned bike off that trail as well towards an old broken well. He stopped the motorbike behind a huge tree as if he wanted to hide it behind the tree. We could not see anyone or hear anything around us. All we could see were green rice fields and lot of trees around us. We all knew what was going to happen but I did not like the idea very much since any one could have easily spotted us there but my opinion didn't matter much at that time. Every few seconds we felt a cold air blowing; it was probably because of water in rice fields. 

As soon as Punnet parked the Bike, he held my hand and took me towards a corner while Vicky followed us. On one side there were fields and on the other side there was very thick weed. We could not see the trail from there and no one passing from that trail could have seen us. 

As soon as we got there, Punnet unzipped his pants and took out his semi hard dick. Puneet called me his bitch and asked me to suck his cock, I refused to suck but he forced me to sit on my knees and tried pushing his cock in my mouth. I kept my lips closed and tried to move away but Puneet slapped my face thrice, twice on one cheek and once on the other. He then started abusing me and asked me to suck or he will kick me. 

I could hear Vicky laughing with a surprise and asking Puneet on what was he up to. Puneet didn't care and held my cheeks tightly to force it open and then tried to push his cock in my mouth. I then moved my lips inwards and tried to make sure that his dick didn't touch my tongue. He kept abusing me and pushing my head to suck his dick. I was feeling the cock getting hard in my mouth every passing second. Within a minute his cock was rock hard, it was about 7 inches long as well as super thick. Puneet held my head with both his hands and was fucking my mouth mercilessly. 

His cock was hitting the back of my throat and I chocked like 10 times within few seconds. I was trying to move away but every time I tried to move away Punnet slapped my face. I was in tears as well as choking and coughing very frequently. 

He then took out his cock from my mouth and gave me a tight slap again. He then ordered me to take off all my clothes. I immediately got up and obeyed. At the same time Puneet was also taking off his pant and boxers. As soon as I was naked Punnet asked me to get on all 4 in front of him and I obeyed without any question. He came down on his knees behind me and spanked my ass with both his hands like 10-15 times. Those spanks were very painful and then he came closer and held my hair from behind and spanked my ass with his other hand. My ass cheeks were burning hot by then. While I was lying in front of Puneet like his bitch I saw Vicky was rubbing his cock while watching all this. 

I then felt Puneet's huge cock touching my ass. Puneet left my hairs and held onto my waist from the side with one hand and with other hand he placed his dick head against my hole. His cock was all wet with my saliva but his cock was super thick. He tried to push it in but I could not take it and fell ahead in front. Puneet pulled me back from my hips and spanked me again multiple times and abused me a lot. 

I don't remember when my eyes were closed because of pain and spanking, but when my eyes opened I saw Vicky on his knees in front of me with his cock in his hand. As soon as I opened my eyes, Vicky also slapped my face multiple times and I could hear both Vicky and Puneet laughing at that time. Vicky left his cock and held onto my shoulders and pushed me back while Puneet was pushing his cock inside my ass. I felt a painful pop as soon as Puneet's dick head penetrated inside me. I was still being pushed back by Vicky while Puneet was pushing his monster dick in my ass. All this happened in a fraction of second and I was feeling really helpless at that time. Puneet immediately started thrusting in and out of my ass while he kept abusing me. 

I was crying out really loud at that time but neither of them really cared about it. Vicky again slapped my face and ordered me to shut up and suck his cock. I begged both of them to spare me as I was in a lot of pain but to no avail. In fact I was slapped and spanked again mercilessly. I had no choice but to suck Vicky's cock if I had to avoid slaps on my face. Vicky's cock was not as big as Puneet's so I was not feeling as much of a discomfort as I was feeling while sucking Puneet's. I could feel Puneet's cock pumping in and out of my ass and destroying my hole every passing second. I really wished all of this to end soon but it kept going on like that for a while. With every thrust from back I was pushed onto Vicky's cock which was in my mouth. 

My tongue was swirling across Vicky's cock and could hear his moans. I could taste his precum and was trying to spit it out while his cock was fucking my mouth and I was getting slapped for that as well. 

After few minutes the pain in my ass was fading away but I could still feel Puneet's cock tearing my ass apart really bad. By now my ass hole had adapted to fit in Puneet's cock and his cock would have leaked out a lot of precum which would have provided lubrication. Since this went on for long time, I somehow started enjoying the pain and was hoping to get slapped and spanked every now and then for pleasure. 

I was now sucking Vicky's cock as if it was a candy and was not letting it out of my mouth. I was not sure what changed but by then I was enjoying Puneet's huge cock inside me and I was moving my ass back and forth to get all the cock length inside me. This didn't go unnoticed by Puneet and he rewarded me with multiple spanks on my ass and lot of abuses. 

Just like before I felt Puneet's hold against my waist tightening and within few seconds Puneet came inside my ass. Even after cuming he kept thrusting his cock inside me for about a minute or so but his pace was much slow now. Then I stared feeling Vicky's cock getting stiffer in my mouth and he held my head from back and kept thrusting in my mouth. In about 15-20 more jerk­ he came in my mouth. His cum felt very warm and thick, it was very salty. I tried my best to not swallow it but with his cock thrust some of it went under my throat. As soon as he took his cock out of my mouth I spit out all the cum which was still in my mouth. 

Puneet eventually withdraw his cock from my ass. I used my undershirt to clean my mouth and then my ass. I noticed a lot of blood on the undershirt after I cleaned my ass with it. We all clothed ourselves and went back home. My ass hole was hurting a lot while I was on the bike and it kept bleeding and hurting for couple weeks. As soon as I reached home, I took shower, slept and did not wake up until next morning. I had to take a lot of fiber and stool softeners for about 3 weeks to repair the tears in my hole. 

These adventures continued and more people joined in which included females as well. I will share those experiences soon as well. Hope you like this story as well and would love hear any feedback in the comment section or the contact tab in my profile.