 Author's Notes: The story contains gay sex, incest, urination, BDSM, feet play, and humiliation. 

*****

My Dad & Uncle Pt. 03: Friday At The Farmhouse 

I woke up the next morning alone in the guest bedroom. I went downstairs looking for dad and uncle Abe but they were nowhere to be found. I checked my phone and saw a couple of new texts from dad. 

Message 1: Your uncle and I are at aunt Katia's for lunch. Join us when you're up. 

Message 2: Everything OK re last night?

I replied saying it was one of the best nights of my life. I also confirmed that I'm joining the family for Sunday lunch. 

I went to my bedroom and saw uncle Abe's underwear on my bed with a note: 

"Something to remember me by.

Love, your uncle. 

P.S. I took yours."

I lay on the bed and sniffed his underwear, breathing in his signature musk and the scent of his piss that lingered from a dry stain. I covered my face with it and jacked off while I fingered my asshole, imagining uncle Abe fucking me. 

After the family lunch, I didn't see uncle Abe for almost a week. He was swamped with work and I was busy with school, but we texted each other few times every day. 

I didn't see dad much either. He was busy with new client pitches and was spending a lot of time at the office; but, I did see a whole lot of him on Tuesday. 

I woke up in the middle of the night to get some water. I passed by dad's bedroom and saw him sleeping naked. I was instantly aroused. I walked in and lustily gazed at his furry rugged body. His soft dick rested majestically over his large balls. 

I couldn't resist. 

I lay between his legs and kissed his cock. His manly musk was enchanting. I nibbled on his foreskin and he softly moaned. I rubbed his cock as I took the head in my mouth and sucked it; his cock quickly grew hard. 

"Son," he moaned. 

I looked at him and saw him looking back at me with desire. He smiled and closed his eyes again. 

I slowly sucked his cock, taking in one inch at a time, until my lips touched his lower abdomen. My hand gently squeezed and massaged his balls as I deepthroated him. I then reached down for his hairy hole and massaged it with my finger. He swiftly bent his knees, silently demanding I finger his asshole. 

"I love you, son," he moaned louder.

I sucked his nine inches deeper and faster. His body shook and his moans turned into thunderous grunts as he shot his thick warm cum in my mouth. I swallowed every drop and continued to suck him until he was no longer hard. 

Shortly, I heard him snoring. I smiled and went back to my room and jerked off. I went to sleep without drinking water. His cum had already quenched my thirst. 

-----------

Thursday evening, uncle Abe texted me asking what time I finish school the next day. I replied I was done with exams and I was skipping school. 

He said he's skipping work, too, and he'll pick me up at 10am. He ordered me to wear shorts, t-shirt and sneakers; no underwear and no socks.

I couldn't contain my excitement. Every time I get a text from him, I get a spontaneous erection. This time was no different. But my master ordered me not to touch myself so I distracted myself by playing video games all night. 

-----------

At 10 am the next day, uncle Abe's car pulled into our driveway. My heart was beating fast. I grabbed my bag and walked to his car. 

I got in and hugged him tightly. He smelled of shower gel and testosterone. It was fucking inviting. 

He was wearing his infamous black short shorts, a sky blue t-shirt, and sneakers with no socks. The sunlight reflection on his olive skin and hairy body was like a natural Instagram filter. He looked absolutely divine. 

He also wasn't wearing any underwear. The outline of his fat dick and large balls was a work of art. My dick was hard as a rock. He noticed and put his hand on my crotch, playfully rubbing my erect cock. 

"That excited to see me?" he smirked. 

"You have no idea. I wanna kiss you." 

"Not here. Soon."

We drove for an hour while we chatted about our week and other stuff. His left hand steered and his right never left my thigh. 

I was in the middle of telling him about my exams when he interrupted and commanded I take off my shorts and t-shirt.

"In the middle of the highway? Are you kidding?" I sneered. 

The scowl on his face assured me he wasn't kidding. 

"Did you forget who you are, boy?" 

"No, sir, I'm sorry." 

I immediately took off my clothes. 

"From this moment onward, you will remain naked unless told otherwise, got it?"

"Yes, sir."

"Push back your seat." 

"Yes, sir." 

"Put your feet on the dash and spread them."

I obeyed and was hard again. He gently massaged my asshole with his right middle finger and I softly moaned. 

He licked his finger and let out a sigh of pleasure. 

"Sweet Lord, I fuckin' missed the taste of your delicious hole." 

I could see his cock was getting stiff. He licked his finger a couple of more times and pushed the tip inside my hole. I stroked my cock and he ordered me to stop. His finger tip gently fucked my ass as I loudly moaned. 

He then exited the highway and parked the car on the side of a rural road. He leaned over and kissed me feverishly. I could tell he missed me as much I missed him. 

"Someone might see us," I worryingly said. 

"I know. The risk is half the fun," he wickedly replied. 

He kissed my neck all the way down to my cock. He stroked it and licked my precum. 

"So fucking tasty," he whispered to himself. 

He teased the head with his tongue and more precum oozed. He wrapped his lips around my dickhead and sucked it. He pushed down and deepthroated me as I gripped the seat and moaned ceaselessly.

"Uncle Abe, you're gonna make me cum." 

He sucked me faster while he stroked my shaft. I couldn't hold it much longer. 

"Uncle Abe..oh god..AAAAAHHHHHHH..aaahh..oh god."

I squirted several streams down his throat. He sucked me until my dick went soft in his mouth. 

He kissed me again and commanded I get out of the car and walk to his side. I hesitantly obeyed. He opened his car door and got out. I gazed into his eyes and smiled. He didn't. He stared sharply while his hands rested on his hips. 

"What the fuck are you waiting for? Take care of my cock," he fiercely said. 

"I would be honored, sir."

I knelt down and gazed at his immaculate cock as I took off his shorts. I rubbed my face all over his dick and balls and breathed in his captivating masculine musk. 

I licked his formidable balls and took one in mouth and sucked it. I then took in the other and swirled my tongue all over them. I was in heaven again.

He moaned and his piss-slit oozed my luscious morning juice. 

I slurped his precum and stroked his shaft hoping for more; I lucked out. I wrapped my lips on his cock head and slurped again. I sucked the head and slowly took in the rest of his cock until all 8 inches were in my mouth. He grunted while his fingers pinched his nipples. 

"I see you still haven't lost your touch, boy." 

I slowly sucked his cock for a couple of minutes until he took charge. He grabbed my head and fucked my mouth deeper and faster as my hands firmly gripped his ass. I was elated by his aggressiveness and his garish grunts. I missed uncle 'Brute'. 

"You like that, you fucking cocksucker?" he said as he violently raped my mouth. 

I loudly moaned confirming I so much did. 

He then stood me to my feet and pushed me towards the car's trunk. He took off his shirt and bent me over the lid. 

"I've been jerking all week thinking of that smooth bubbly ass," he said as he firmly squeezed my ass cheeks. 

He squatted behind me and licked my hole with his hurricane tongue. He then shoved it inside and fucked my ass with it. I moaned and my dick was hard again. 

"Stay like that," he commanded. 

He grabbed lubed from the car and rubbed some on his cock and my ass.

His lips got closer to my ear and whispered, "I'm gonna plow your tight little pussy all weekend and you will take it like a fucking whore."

Words couldn't describe how turned on I was.

"I'm your slave, sir, do whatever you want with me." 

He pushed his mammoth mushroom inside my hole. I GROANED. It's been a week since I've been fucked and the pain was intense; but it didn't last long. The pain quickly subsided. He pushed in few inches and the feeling of his cock inside me was becoming familiar. 

"More," I moaned. 

"You want more?"

"Yes."

"Beg for it. Beg like a dog."

"Please, sir."

"I didn't hear ya."

"PLEASE, SIR, I WANT IT ALL IN ME."

He pushed his 8 inches inside my ass and slowly fucked me as his hands tenderly grabbed my hips. I closed my eyes and moaned incessantly. 

"Fuuuck," he grunted. 

He fucked gently me for a couple of minutes and then his hands gripped my shoulders as his cock fucked me harder. 

The thought of another car passing by and seeing my smooth young ass getting fucked by a large intimidating man was immensely arousing. 

"AAHH..FUCK ME, SIR..DRILL MY ASS WITH YOUR BIG COCK..AAHH."

He leaned forward and his sweaty hairy chest pressed against my back. He licked my neck and fucked me savagely. I was moaning unruly. He was grunting like a wild beast. 

The loud clapping sound our bodies made as he pounded my ass was fucking sensational. The pleasure was unreal and I was ready to shoot again. 

"I'm close," I moaned. 

"Me, too. Get down on your knees and open your mouth." 

He rested his dickhead on my tongue and stroked his cock vigorously. His body trembled and he ROARED... 

"JOOSSHH..AAAAAHHHHHHHH..FUCK..FUCK..aahh." 

He squirted a couple of streams on my tongue and the rest down my throat as he shoved his cock inside my mouth. 

I grunted and my cum erupted on the ground as I sucked him clean. 

"You're fucking amazing, Josh," he panted as he wiped the sweat off his face. 

He stood me to my feet, hugged me tightly and kissed me passionately. 

"I missed you so much, habibi."

I got emotional and cried. He gazed into my eyes and wiped my tears. 

"Why are you crying?"

"Because I missed you, uncle Abe. A week is too long."

"I know, habibi, this has been the longest week of my life. I never stopped thinking about you, and I couldn't wait to see you again." 

He turned me around, embraced me, and said, "The worst part was not holding you in my arms while I'm sleeping."

"I miss being in your arms and I wanna spend more nights with you."

"Maybe I can convince your dad to let you spend a couple of days during the week at my place; and on weekends, we can both share you," he grinned. 

I turned around and ravished him with kisses. 

"We should get going, habibi." 

He grabbed wet towels from the glove compartment and we cleaned ourselves. He put on his shorts and shirt and resumed driving; I remained naked. 

-----------

"Tell me about this place we're going to," I asked.

"Todd's farm? It's really awesome and very serene. It's surrounded by mountains and a river stream through it. The house itself is like a fancy log cabin. It's large but cozy and it's made entirely out of cedar wood." 

"Wow!"

"You're gonna love it. Todd did a great job with the place." 

"How come I've never heard of Todd before. Obviously, you and dad know him well."

"Todd is a great guy and an old friend, but he's part of our private lives."

"Tell me more about him."

"Well, he's 45 and a really big guy. He used to compete in those strongest man competitions until he hurt his back. With the money he made from competing and endorsement deals, he bought the farm and built a couple of houses. He lives in one and leases the other to couples looking for a weekend getaway from the city." 

"Nice! Did you guys have sex?"

"Sort of. I was introduced to him by Tim and sometimes the three of us would play together. Your dad knows him through me and they quickly became buddies. Todd let us use the house whenever we want, free of charge."

"Does he know I'm coming with you?"

"He knows I'm bringing someone. He doesn't know who."

He then added, "He's gonna have a stroke when he sees you."

"Why?"

"He goes wild for young smooth guys with cute baby faces. By the way, I invited him for dinner tonight as a thank you for letting us use the house. You and I are gonna cook for him." 

"Just dinner?"

"Just dinner...Why? Do you want him to be there for more than dinner?"

"I don't know. I've never thought about sex with anyone other than you and dad."

"Listen, I don't want you to grow old feeling you've missed out on anything. These are your experimenting years. If you like Todd and you wanna..." 

"I would only have sex with him or any other man if you or dad are part of it," I interrupted. 

"Fair enough. Anyway, let's not get ahead of ourselves. You might not even like him."

-----------

After driving for another 20 minutes, we reached the farm.

There were two large and identical one story cabins, several yards apart. In front of the cabin there was a sublime garden and an elegantly furnished patio with a stone fire pit. Next to the cabin there was a large hot tub.

The rest of the farm was blanketed with crops. 

We stepped out of the car naked. There was no one around so I wasn't uncomfortable. 

"Give me a hand, habibi."

He opened the trunk and there were few grocery bags, an ice chest, and a large suitcase. 

"How many days are you planning on staying here, uncle Abe?" I asked sarcastically. 

"Once you know what's in the suitcase, you'll get why it's big."

We walked into the cabin and I was surprised by how stylish the interior was. The living room was connected to an open and modern kitchen. There was a large black sofa and a couple of small one-seaters, a large LCD TV, a blu-ray/DVD player and a large collection of classic Hollywood movies, as well as straight and gay porn. 

The only thing out of place was a waist-high steel dog cage next to the couch. 

"What is that?" I asked. 

"That is a cage for disobedient dogs," he winked. 

"I can be a disobedient dog," I wickedly said. 

He laughed and said, "I'm sure you can." 

We put the grocery in the kitchen and went into our bedroom. He opened his bag and took out a black box.

"I got you something," he smirked. 

I smiled and opened the box. Inside was a black leather slave collar with a chain leash, clipped to the collar's metal ring. 

"It's perfect, thank you, sir," I smiled. 

"Read what's on the inside. I had it engraved."

It read: I AM SLAVE JOSH & I AM OWNED BY MY MASTER ABE. 

The engraving also included last Friday's date, the first day we became more than just uncle and nephew. 

I hugged him tightly. 

"Here, let me help you put it on," he offered. 

He buckled it around my neck and said, "I, Master Abe, take thee, Slave Josh, to be my bitch, to discipline and to fuck, from this day forward, till death do us part." 

I teared up again. His words were tacky and lewd, yet very romantic. He tugged the leash pulling me closer to him and kissed me. 

"Come, let me show you the other room?" 

I walked behind him as he held the leash and opened the door to the second room. It was dark, VERY DARK. The windows were densely covered, preventing any sunlight from entering the room. 

He turned on the faint lights and my jaw dropped when I saw a sex sling in the middle of the room. I grinned and was hard again. 

He stood behind me and embraced me. 

"Judging by your erection, you know what that is?" he said. 

"It's a sex sling," I replied. 

"It's a pig sling," he corrected, "It's good quality leather. Very sturdy, too, and comes with stirrups."

"It's fucking amazing."

"I'm glad you like it. Todd is planning to turn this room into a full dungeon." 

"Can we use it?"

"I was instructed by your dad not to use the sling or the cage until tomorrow."

I turned around and kissed him. 

"Let's go back to our room. Your master needs a foot massage after this drive." 

"Yes, sir." 

He walked me back into the bedroom and sat by the edge of the bed. I sat on the floor by his feet. 

"Untie my shoes," he ordered. 

I reached for his laces with my hands and he tugged my leash. 

"With your mouth," he commanded.

I bowed down and untied his shoes with my teeth. I took off his shoes and sniffed them. Euphoria struck again. Nothing about this man doesn't turn me on. He brings out all kinds of feelings within me; the good, the better, and the filthy. 

I grabbed both his large feet and put them on my face. The scent of his musky sweaty feet was fucking stimulating. I closed my eyes and rubbed my face in them. I gently kissed and massaged them for few minutes. 

"Fuck, this feels so good," he moaned, "I wanna hide you under my office desk so you could worship my feet all day." 

I then licked and sucked his toes one by one. They were delectable as ever. 

He commanded me to stop and lay on the bed. He took of my shoes and raised my legs. He buried his face in the soles of my feet and kissed them. 

"I missed your delicate feet," he whispered. 

He licked my toes and rested my feet on his hairy chest. He looked at me and said, "Is my urinal ready?"

"Always ready, sir. In the shower?"

"I have a better idea," he smirked. 

He took off my collar and grabbed my hand and escorted me outside into the garden. He lay on his back on the grass and commanded me to get into 69 position on top of him. He spread my ass cheeks and said, "I want you to pee on my body while I piss in your mouth and eat your ass."

He fucked my ass with his tongue. I grabbed his cock and opened my mouth. A powerful stream of his golden piss splashed my face and mouth while my piss showered his hairy body. We both moaned. 

When we were done, he gently pushed me to the ground and cleaned my cock with his mouth while I cleaned his with mine. 

We stood to our feet and kissed. He then grabbed the garden hose and we hosed each other down. We walked back into the cabin and took a proper shower together. 

-----------

After the shower, we walked naked into the kitchen. He held two aprons and asked, "Which one do you want? The red or the black?" 

"The red." 

He threw me the red apron and he put on the black one. 

He marinated the steaks as I chopped the vegetables. Occasionally, he would stand behind me, give me instructions and kiss my neck. 

"These steaks need to stay marinated for some time. Are you tired?" he asked.

"No."

"I am. I need to nap for a couple of hours so I can be fully recharged for later. If you want you could watch a movie or explore the farm until I wake up."

"Don't worry about me. I just want you to get some rest so you can fuck me all night."

"You bet your tight ass I will. Oh, I want you to stay naked till I wake up."

"Yes, sir."

He kissed me and went into the bedroom for his nap.

----------- 

I went into the living room and put on a classic movie while I checked my social media feed. After an hour, I got bored. I snooped around the house and in one of the closets, there was a bottle of suntan oil. I grabbed it and grabbed a large towel, and went out into the garden naked. 

I spread the towel on the grass and surveyed the farm with my eyes until my sight landed on a man standing in front of the other house. He was busy watering his flower garden. He wasn't too far and I could tell he's stocky with a blondish goatee. 

That must be Todd, I thought to myself. He was wearing a plaid shirt, jeans, and a cap. 

I focused back on my tanning and rubbed oil on my chest, arms and legs. I looked back at him and saw him sitting in a chair watching me. He was unbuttoning his shirt with one hand while the other was rubbing his dick over his jeans.

I stared back for few seconds then turned away. I sneered and decided to have some fun by giving him a little show. 
