 This past May I took a really bad spill on my bike, broke both my wrists trying to break the fall and fractured my right femur in four places. I was in the hospital for six weeks and finally when the day came for me to come home I was so relieved that I wept.

Because my dad is poor and my mom left us when I was six we were really in a bind as I needed help with everything. I could get my junk into a urinal to piss and stuff but the daily bm was a chore and as close as my dad and I are he just wasn't feeling up to helping his teenaged son out in that way. I had half casts on my forearms and wrists and could use my fingers to type and text but not for anything else. Finally I asked my dad about uncle Frank who I knew was a nurse. He checked with the insurance and it turned out that we could get a home health aide for four hours or my uncle Frank (he's not really an uncle but he's so close to my dad that I've always called him uncle) for two and I felt that as embarrassing as it all was it was still going to be better to have my uncle Frank if he was down for it.

As it turned out he was just about to leave for vacation anyway and didn't have plans and so my dad talked him into taking me to his cabin with him and told him he would pay him the insurance money. Uncle Frank didn't even hesitate.

So he picked me up and off we went. Now you need to know I have never had any sexual attraction to any man at any time. I did have wicked strong feelings for my lacrosse coach junior and senior years but it never felt sexual. I'd seen my uncle Frank naked a hundred times, showered with him on camping trips for years (my dad too) never an iota of sexual feeling...ever although I do remember thinking how manly Uncle Frank was with a full hairy chest when my dad and I were both pretty smooth except around our crotch and under our arms.

For better or worse the drive to Uncle Frank's cabin was six hours and four in I had to pee. We pulled off to the rest stop and he went in and relieved himself and then came back to help me with the urinal. Just having him take my junk out and position it into the urinal gave me instant wood and my wood arches back towards my belly so its hard to piss into a urinal that way.

I was mortified and I mean intensely so. He chuckled as he tried to position my stiffy in a way that i could piss without gravity soaking me in my own piss. I profusely apologized because that wood was not going down but uncle Frank didn't even bat an eye. He asked me if I'd relieved myself since the accident and I told him I pissed a few times a day at least all along. He said, 'no, I mean, you know..." and he pointed to my wood which was finally just starting to go down until he started talking about it and it sprung back into its fully arched and throbbing position. I just closed my eyes and shook my head.

Then the most amazing thing happened. He pulled the seat back down so I was lying in a prone position, reached into his bag in the back and pulled out some lotion and without saying a word started to stroke me. I shot in like five seconds and it was a massive load...well maybe a few minutes but it felt like seconds and it felt amazing.

As the tears rolled down my eyes he became profusely apologetic, "I'm so sorry, I just felt..." I held up my casted arm and nudged him...'no Uncle Frank, these are tears of relief' "really?" He asked. I just nodded. He used a rag to clean up my cum from my wifebeater and then a handy wipe to clean it up off my face and chin and then I had the most amazing piss I can ever remember having. I think I moaned in relief harder from the piss than the cumming,

'well that was a first' he said as he drove off.

'you've never stroked a guy off' I asked as if I'd done it a million times. He looked at me, no, I've stroked a guy off I just never saw a guy cum like that before...then after a beat he looked at me quizzically and asked, why, have you?'

You know, like I said I never have, but to be honest I knew right then and there that I wanted it to happen again so I said, sure.

He then said 'but you've been into girls since I can remember' and I said, 'true but my buddy Wayne and I used to compare and stroke for like a whole summer back when we both first started getting pubes. Again, I remember Wayne wanting me to, and me not being even the least bit interested except to show him my pubes which were twice as thick has his,and really curly. He is Asian and his pubes were really str8 which was also gross to me, but I never got even an inkling of getting hard even though he was hard and I to this day don't know what possessed me to lie to Uncle Frank like that, I just said it without thinking.

We went the last two hours in total silence and then when we got to the cabin he asked me if I wanted to pee again. As it was an outhouse for bowel movements and trees for peeing it was easier but then it happened again, just feeling him zip my fly down got me boning.

I just looked at him and shook my head.

"I'm fine with it Quinn if you're still feeling the need." Totally fine, actually."

As my heart started to pump and my cock throb I just looked into his caring eyes.

"t o t a l l y f i n e....really."

The insane thing was at this point I could clearly see the bulge in his pants, mostly because he seemed to be trying to adjust it so I wouldn't see it. But it was also at that moment that I noticed the wet spot and as I looked from that to his eyes there was a moment of...fuck...and then my heart was in my throat and he was all over me. Like making out with me all over me...like his tongue down my throat all over me and dude...I was responding. My heart was in my throat and when I came that second time it was an orgasm like none I ever had. As my cum was spurting onto our chins and my already cum stained wifebeater, he was cumming right in his pants, soaking a spot that covered the middle and actually grew down his leg. As we both shot he continued to kiss me even deeper and I swear I could actually taste pools of his saliva in my mouth, and when he carried me in the house he laid me on the couch and we kissed more, eventually falling asleep, me literally with my pants down and him soaked in his own cum and our bodies pressed together. What I distinctly remember most is the smell of cum, which I, up until that point, thought was kinda gross but his smelled sweeter than mine if that makes sense. And for some reason I simply don't understand or can explain the whole experience made me feel even closer to him than I ever had before.

I have been lovers with my dad's best friend since May of this year and its only been a couple of months but we've actually discussed it being more permanent. My casts are off and now its just bandages so I can wipe my own ass which I appreciate and neither one of us is ready for the anal thing, but I have to tell you...I have never felt more in love or more sexually attracted in my whole life. The other day he asked me if I wanted to share a woman with him and I actually said, 'probably some day, but at the moment no.' followed by; 'why do you need that?" to which he said 'absolutely not, I just don't want to deprive you of a thing.' I've since stopped calling him uncle Frank and call him Boz which is my short for boss...which he really digs.

We've gone from making love twice a day or three times a day to once or twice a week...mostly because he says he needs to get work done and its too distracting...but I love that he always initiates it and he loves that I'm always ready.

We called my dad and told him that I would be staying at the cabin for the summer but, in actuality I'm at Franks house in the next town living with him as if we were really lovers.

I have never been happier or felt more loved, not even by my dad, in my whole life.