 THURSDAY AT THE CAPE

We woke up on Thursday morning but passed on morning sex. We had a healthy breakfast and then had to get some chores done. Ricky's parents would expect the house to be ready for them when they arrived Friday evening. We cut the grass, trimmed the shrubs and generally cleaned up the property. We were done by lunch time and then after lunch it was time to have fun. 

We showered, stayed naked and headed to the bedroom. Ricky sucked my cock and fondled my balls to get me ready for his incredible ass. That day he wanted me to stay in him and cum as many times as I could. Just the thought of it was a turn-on. He lubed his ass and I slipped my cock into him in a doggy-position. I came quickly and flooded his rectum but he reminded me to stay in him and to keep fucking him.

Ricky told me to fuck his ass forever as he ejaculated. He stiffened as he came and shot his wad on the bed sheet. I felt his sphincter contract around my cock as he shot his spunk. I picked up the pace and drilled his ass. I felt my second orgasm build up in my balls and then I felt the semen travel through my scrotum. I pressed into his ass and emptied my balls deep in his chamber. The semen shot into his rectum, mingled with my first load and gathered around my cock buried deep in his ass.

"Oh I feel it, cum in me, I feel you cumming in me! I love it, shoot it in me. Keep fucking me, keep cumming."

Ricky clenched my cock with his sphincter and then released it several times as he milked every drop from my cock. I stayed hard and continued to fuck his ass slowly as my semen backed out and trickled down over his perineum.

"Are you going to be able to keep fucking me?"

"I'm trying."

"Oh yes please! Fuck me again and cum in me again. This is so hot!"

I continued to fuck Ricky's ass but after the third ejaculation, I could not cum again and I finally collapsed on him exhausted and sated. I pushed forward and he collapsed on the bed under my weight and I lay prone on top of him. He was pressed into his own semen on the bed under him until I lifted myself off of his soft sensuous body. He rolled over on his back and looked at me and smiled.

"Fuck me until I cum."

"I'm on empty, I can't cum again."

"That's okay, just fuck me until I do."

So, I did, I fucked him hard, driving into his body as deep as I could, my balls slapped against his taint as he reached for his own cock. I fucked him long and hard and deep. His body clung to my cock and sent powerful waves of pleasure through us as we moved together. I drove into him and he pushed back to meet my thrusts.

Our moans and groans filled the room as his cum gushed onto his body. Both of us then lay down on the bed. He nuzzled into to me and pushed his shapely ass back into my groin. We stayed in the spoon position for a seemingly long time without speaking. Surprisingly, my cock started to harden again. I was really horny. I guided my cock back into his ass and this time I gave him a reach around and jerked him off as I fucked him.

Ricky came again before I shot a small load into his ass. It was the second time that I had ever touched his cock and he was thrilled that I did. It was erotic feeling his cum travel through his shaft and spew out the end. My hand still had traces of cum on it but he lifted my hand to his mouth and licked it clean, as he had done the first time I masturbated him. 

"Oh my God, you did it. You kept your cock in me and came four times."

"The fourth wasn't very much."

"No but the first two drenched my rectum. I am so pleased that you could stay in me and keep cumming."

"I have never done anything like that before."

"Get me a towel, I'm afraid to move."

I got up and my legs felt weak, I got him a towel from the bathroom and then we both got up and showered. I looked at the clock and we had been in bed for five hours. We put on shorts and tees and grabbed a couple of beers. Sitting on the porch having a beer was relaxing and then Ricky suggested calling out for pizza. We were both exhausted and pizza sounded great.

Later we watched TV and eventually hit the sack. He slept in his own bed that night as we both needed our sleep. We did not set the alarm and slept soundly through the night. It was one of my best night's sleep that week.

FRISKY FRIDAY

When I woke up Friday morning, Ricky was not in his bed. I got up and took my morning piss before heading to the kitchen. I stood in the kitchen and watched as Ricky moved around the counter making coffee and preparing breakfast items. My eyes were fixated on that sweet round curvy ass encased in his tight sleep shorts. It was so shapely and stuck out from his body begging to be grabbed. I still was in disbelief that I had actually fucked that sweet ass so many times. I stared at it as it undulated under the snug fabric. I closed the distance between us and by the time I reached him, my cock was hard in my shorts. 

Unable to resist the allure of the lovely bottom, I moved close to my cousin and reached out with both hands to grasp the curvy buns. Ricky flinched at first and then relaxed as I massaged the firm round globes. He cooed and leaned back into me as my hands slipped inside the shorts and fondled the bare flesh. Ricky reached back and located my erect cock straining in my boxers.

"You do like my ass, don't you?"

"I can't help it. It is so damn gorgeous!" 

I pushed Ricky's knit shorts down to his knees and then used my foot to push them all the way to his ankles. He stepped out of his shorts as I removed mine. I moved in closer and let my cock rest in the crack of the perfect ass. Ricky moved his butt up and down, using his buttocks to massage my stiff dick. I couldn't wait any longer as I just had to fuck my pretty young gay cousin again. Ricky poured some vegetable oil in his hands and used it to lubricate his anal passage. He also coated my cock with it.

Once I was slick with oil, I pressed forward and let my cock sink into the receptive ass. Ricky leaned forward and arched his back causing his bottom to look even more desirable. I eased my cock all the way in and then retreated keeping just the head in, being careful not to let it slip out. I continued a slow steady fucking motion until I felt my imminent ejaculation. 

I pulled out and sprayed my load all over the curvy buttocks and then using my stiff dick, I pushed the semen around on the bare bottom. Scooping some up with his cock head I moved it to the dilated anus. I pushed my cock back into Ricky's ass and savored the moment. Ricky used his sphincter to massage my shaft fully embedded in his bottom. We stayed like that for several minutes.

"Hand me the paper towels."

Ricky whispered as if there was someone else in the house. I eased my cock from his bottom and fetched the paper towels. He wiped my seed from his buns and I wiped off my cock. We put our shorts back on and again I marveled at his bottom with the knit fabric clinging to it.

"Well, good morning! That was a great way to start the day. I'll get the pancakes started now."

I set the table, poured the juice and coffee while Ricky made a batch of pancakes. We sat at the kitchen table and enjoyed breakfast together. Later after cleaning up the kitchen, we sat on the porch with another cup of coffee and shared the morning newspaper. We had a few small chores to do later before my aunt and uncle arrived that evening.

"You know, Cliff, that is the first time that I have ever been fucked in the kitchen."

"We'll it is your fault for having such a desirable ass and wearing those tight sleep shorts."

"You were turned on. Before this week, did you ever guess that you would be fucking your gay cousin?"

"Not in my wildest imagination did I ever think I would have sex with a guy and certainly not you."

"But, you like it. You like fucking me."

"When I'm in your ass, I don't think of it as gay sex. I just love fucking your curvy bottom."

"We will have to cool it when my parents are here."

"I assumed that but I can probably use a break. You're insatiable."

"Do you want to stay up here a second week?"

"I would love that."

"Good, let's get our chores done and then I want you to fuck me again after lunch."

"Put something else on besides your sleep shorts or I won't make it until lunchtime."

"Let's put om some work clothes."

"Good idea! Oh, did you remember to take the video out of the player?"

"No, good call, I don't want the folks finding that."

"They know you are gay, don't they?"

"I think they assume so but we never discuss it. They have never witnessed me having sex. They just leave the topic alone and I'm cool with that."

We folded up the newspaper and washed out our coffee cups. Wearing baggy shorts and tees we tidied up the house, dusting and running the vacuum. I cleaned the door window panes with Windex. Later we had lunch and Ricky did the laundry but not before we had sex in bed again. We both got in bed with Ricky on his knees assuming a submissive position. He handed me the lube.

I applied the lubricant greasing the passage thoroughly. I liked fingering the shapely bottom and I placed my hand on one cheek as I fingered the anus with the other. I lovingly massaged the shapely buttocks and thoroughly lubricated the chamber. Putting one then two fingers in the lovely ass. I finger fucked him for several minutes.

"I'm ready for you Cliff. I'm ready for you to put your fantastic dick in me. Go slow and make this last a long time. This will have to hold us until Sunday night."

My pretty gay cousin then dropped onto to the bed. Staring the entire time at the beautiful curvy ass, I lowered my body onto the slender form. I held my erect cock in my hand and guided it to the rubbery ring. Ricky held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened him up and stretched the sphincter. I slowly penetrated the sweet bottom. Ricky's ass opened up and welcomed my thick cock into the warm snug passage. I held still and let Ricky move under me. Once I was satisfied that he had loosened up, I began to fuck him with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of us moved together as lovers. Ricky rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the mattress. The move accentuated the round shape of his lovely ass. I liked the feel of the curvy buttocks as I drove his cock all the way home. I liked the way Ricky felt under me. My cousin groaned repeatedly each time I buried my cock in his scrumptious ass.

Every time I drove my cock into the curvy bottom, Ricky lifted his hips to receive it. We fucked slowly and maintained our rhythm. I wrapped my arms around Ricky's upper body and hugged my smooth skinned cousin. Our bodies pressed together and I felt just like I was in the ass of a lovely young woman. I was still amazed that fucking Ricky could be so enjoyable and so erotic. I was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that my ejaculation caught us by surprise. Almost without warning I shot a massive load into the clenching, gripping rectum.

Ricky groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. I moved my hips in and out as I ejaculated into the warm rectum. I pressed my body into my cousin and remained still as Ricky clenched and unclenched his sphincter muscle around my pulsating shaft. I was still hard when I removed my cock from the well-fucked gorgeous ass and I rolled to my side. Ricky, as usual, turned over and took a hold of his own erection and stroked it in search of his release. I watched him jerk off. Seeing that I was still hard he spoke in a strained whisper. 

"Put your cock back in me. Just fuck me until I cum."

I moved back to my cousin who lifted his legs to receive my cock. I eased back into his well-lubed passage and began to fuck him slowly. Ricky stroked his cock as he loved the sensation of the big dick in him. I watched as Ricky closed his eyes and I felt the sphincter tighten around my cock as my pretty gay cousin ejaculated. Ricky's massive load shot out in four or five streams and landed on his chest, abs and pubes. 

I rocked back on my haunches and let my dick slip from the sweet ass. Ricky let out a big sigh when my cock vacated his chamber. It was time to shower, dress and do the laundry. The bed sheets needed a good washing. The room also had the aroma of sex so we opened the windows and aired it out. Later we were seated on the porch sipping beers when uncle Jack and aunt Margie arrived just before dinner time. They suggested going out to eat at a fish fry so the four of us dined out that evening. 

Later that night the four of us sat on the porch having a nightcap and chatting amiably. The parents were grateful that we had handled the chores so that they could relax for the weekend and enjoy the Cape. It was around 11:00 PM when we all finally went to bed. Ricky and I slept in our own beds that night. I was thankful that we had had an abundance of sex that week leading up to Friday. I was already looking forward to Sunday night after the parents left.

RISK / REWARD

On Saturday morning, I was in the bathroom taking my morning piss when Ricky entered the bathroom. He closed and locked the bathroom door and turned on the exhaust fan. I knew immediately what he had in mind. I kicked off my sleep shorts and walked behind Ricky. I slipped my hands into his sleep shorts and cupped his perfect ass. I loved the feel of his flawless skin and firm buttocks.

"My parents are still sleeping. Just be real quiet."

I pulled the sleep shorts down just below the cheeks of his ass so that his cock and balls were still covered. I liked that look and admired his magnificent ass. It was round, firm, hairless and the skin was flawless. It was perfect and I never tired of looking at it. Ricky bent his knees slightly and arched his back and once again I felt that familiar tingle in my pubes. He used the body lotion on the countertop and began to grease his anus. I waited for him to lube his ass and then I moved closer. My cock was rock-hard and I was anxious to put it in his curvy ass. 

I stood behind him and I begin to caress his beautiful ass his body was delicate, hairless and flawless. I couldn't believe how much Ricky always looked like a girl from behind with his shapely curvy ass pushed back toward me. I was getting turned on by the thought of burying my cock in his marvelous ass. I moved closer to him and lined up the head of my cock with the rubbery ring and began to ease it into to him. My cock head cleared his anus and it slid right in without any resistance. His ass chute was warm and tight as I went deep into him. I was all the way in his ass and I started a slow fucking motion. I continued to pump his ass with deep, long, deliberate thrusts as I caressed his smooth round ass. Ricky whispered in a rasp tone.

"God, that feels so good, I love it when you fuck me."

His ass was against my hips and my cock was fully embedded in it. I pulled back a little and pushed forward. He stifled his monas as I began to slowly fuck him. Each time I would start taking longer strokes. My cock head was soon at the edge of his anus before I pushed it back into him. Our fucking was making a sucking sound but it was drowned out by the exhaust fan. Each time my balls slammed against his ass, my body and his ass made a wet slapping sound. 

Ricky whispered to fuck him harder and quicker. I picked up the pace and I started pounding his ass faster and faster. My balls started bouncing off of his taint and he was moaning into his arm with each thrust of my cock. I could feel my climax building and I knew that any moment I would shoot my seed in his ass. I tried to make it last as long as possible but I was too far gone. I fired a barrage of cum in his ass filling it to overflowing. Ricky whispered in his excitement 

"Oh yeah cum in my ass. I can feel it."

As I continued to fuck him, my seed backed up in his rectum and began to ooze out between his cheeks. I was so fucking hot that I crammed my cock fully into him. He held my cock and he massaged it with his sphincter. He humped up against me fucking me back as I stayed in him. I noticed that he had lowered his sleep shorts and freed his cock. Ricky's hand flew over his cock as he sought his own release. Ricky whispered urgently.

"I want to cum with your cock in me. Keep it in me."

Ricky pushed back into me more and more. Soon he took control and just fucked my cock. I let him fuck me with his ass. His actions began more erratic and his thrusts shorter and more powerful. He was doing all the work and grunting as my cock slid in and out of his hot ass. Soon my cock was barely staying in him. He suddenly slowed down and let my cock just press against his prostate. He announced that he was cumming. I saw his cum shoot out and hit the full-length mirror over the sink. Jets shot out of his cock and splashed against the mirror glass and then his cum oozed into the bathroom sink. 

I felt his body shiver when he came and his ass tightened around my cock. As my cock softened it slipped from the scrumptious ass and I stepped back to look at the fabulous looking bottom. We wiped ourselves with wash cloths and then I put my shorts back on. Ricky put his back on and waited until I left the bathroom. Jack and Margie were still sleeping when I left the bathroom so I put on workout pants and a tee and went down to the kitchen to make coffee. Minutes later Ricky also dressed in warm ups joined me in the kitchen. He whispered when he entered the kitchen

"Oh what a great way to start the day,".

"That was crazy. We could have been caught." I whispered back as I grabbed his curvy buttock and squeezed it.

Ricky wiggled his ass in response and replied, "But it was worth it, seriously we do need to cool it when my parents are here."

Minutes later, Jack and Margie joined us in the kitchen. They were thankful that the coffee was made and then Margie made bacon and eggs for everyone. We had a leisurely breakfast, sat on the porch with coffee and sharing the newspaper. It was an overcast day with a chance of rain, not a day for the beach or the boat. Jack and Margie decided to go into town, do some shopping and have lunch there. They invited us but we passed opting to watch the tennis match on TV. Actually, we were looking forward to more sex and the parent's absence was a pleasant surprise.

After Jack and Margie left, Ricky and I had sex on the porch again. I remembered what he said about not being able to see inside unless someone was very close. We slipped off of our workout pants and Ricky lubed his bottom and my cock but only after he had sucked me into hardness. He draped a beach towel over a chair and we turned the chair so he was kneeling on it and looking out the window. It was a perfect setup and we could keep an eye out for anyone.

I was thrilled that we had not had to wait for the parents to leave on Sunday. My cock slid into his lovely bottom with ease and I fucked him slowly. I always tried to last longer than I could but his ass was just so god damn beautiful with my cock in it. I came quickly and then we turned the chair around so he could ride my cock and still look out the window.

He liked it when I stroked his dick until he got close. Then he took it and jerked off as I fondled his testicles. Ricky shot another massive load that coated his upper body and his hand. He leaned back into me and we rested briefly. I loved the feel of his soft smooth body against mine. It was a great arrangement for me as I never tired of fucking him and he asked nothing in return. He was content with being fucked and me occasionally masturbating him.

We separated and cleaned up again, something we were doing very often. Both of us put our warmups back on, grabbed a beer and watched TV in the great room. Later we had lunch in the great room with a few more beers and we were still watching TV when Jack and Margie got home. They had picked up some fresh fish for dinner and muffins for the morning. 
