 Again he pressed his lips against mine the texture warm and soft. For the moment I let him take the dominant role. We both knew I was the stronger but I allowed him to pin me against the closet wall. I ran my hand down his chest feeling the developed muscles tighten against my touch. Lower still my hand went over the rough denim of his jeans until my hand covered his crotch. Squeezing it gently I heard him moan, the noise reverberating in my mouth. Grasping the bottom of my t-shirt he pulled himself away tugging and pulling it over my head to reveal my pale white chest.

My sensitive skin tingled as he ran his fingers over my chest and a loud moan erupted from me when his finger trailed over my right nipple. 

Breathing in his heady scent I felt my fangs descend as I lost control. 

I froze as I looked at him and so did he for a moment before he leaned in and gently ran his tongue around my lips before gently nipping the skin against my fang, a droplet of his blood touched my tongue and I gasped at the taste so sweet and heady, he smiled as he saw my reaction.

Sniffing the air I could smell his smell and picking him up quickly I followed it to his room. Kicking open the door I noted the single bed in the corner of the room and I dropped him unceremoniously onto it.

Straddling him I ground my ass against his crotch hearing him groan in pleasure. 

I leant down and pressed my lips forcefully against his pushing my tongue past his lips and into the velvet folds of his mouth.

He eagerly accepted me and sucked greedily on my tongue as I reached down to rub his cock through his jeans again, Stopping my assault on his mouth I sat and stared at him before suddenly ripping the shirt from his back.

Underneath his hairless body was lain out before me. It was flawless to look at, well-defined pecs and a washboard flat stomach with a six-pack any guy would be proud of. 

It was at that moment that with a huge sense of pride I realised he was mine. No one whether human or vampire could take him away from me. I would die to protect him.

I knew then that he was the one, my mate. My mate? I had never had a mate before but now as I straddled this human I knew that some day I would make him like me but first I would take him to the peak of ecstasy as a human.

"Is something wrong?" His eyes and voice showed his fear. In fact I could almost smell it mingled in his scent along with the smell of his arousal.

"No James nothing is wrong, I was just thinking of how you are mine"

He smiled and began to pull me down into a kiss with him

Letting my fangs protrude I leant forward and whispered in his ear,

"Relax this won't hurt much just the initial bite."

Brushing his neck with my fangs I waited silently as he turned it away from me baring it for me. His trust was implicit and nuzzling into his neck I kissed the spot I intended to bite. 

I hoped doing it gently would make the bite less painful and has my fangs pieced his skin I heard him gasp before the enzymes in my mouth began to spread pleasure throughout his body dulling the pain of my feeding from him. 

His blood tasted so sweet like nothing I had tasted in all my years as a vampire. Not wanting to drink him to the point of death I drank slowly savouring his sweet taste. 

I could feel his hand on the back of my neck drawing me closer, holding me to him. His blood tasted so good that I wondered if I would ever get used to the desire that raced through my veins every time he was near me. God I hoped not.

I broke away hearing him moan in frustration as the source of his pleasure was cut off. 

Sitting up I stared down at him and as I stared I trailed an ice-cold finger over his chest, over his nipple and down further watching as his perfect stomach rippled with my touch.

Leaning forward I followed with my lips where my fingers had just been until I reached the waistband of his jeans.

With a practised easy and an unnatural slowness only a vampire could know I unbuttoned the button before undoing the zip finally allowing his hard cock freedom from the first layer of it's prison. I pulled his jeans off him in one fluid movement before kissing my way back up his legs. The black boxers he wore showed the extent of his arousal. 

I kissed his inner thigh and he moaned with pleasure, I reached his boxers and pulled them down like a mad man possessed I had to take him, his cock now free of its cloth prison pointed skyward the skin of his cock was tanned like the rest of his skin with a dark bush of pubes at the base of his it.

I kissed the sensitive head which poked through his foreskin causing him to gasp loudly, His hand on the back of my head running it through my brown hair affectionately was all the encouragement I needed, quick as a flash I took him into my mouth making him scream with pleasure, I went down on his cock and deep throated him easily as I played with his balls with my left hand, he tugged at my hair and thrust his hips upwards to meet my mouth as I sucked without needing to come up for air.

Very gently I let my fangs run along the head of his cock and felt him shudder and moan loudly, a drop of pre cum formed on his piss slit, I tasted it, god it tasted as good as his blood.

I moved my head faster and faster sucking greedily on his cock waiting for the reward which I knew would soon be mine, he grunted and I felt his balls tighten as he squirmed waiting for the imminent release which he was being brought closer to by my mouth on his cock.

Hearing him gasp loudly and shake beneath me I felt his cock spasm before he shot his load into my waiting mouth, the taste was like nectar. 

I had tasted blood from some of the handsomest men in my vampire existence but nothing compared to this. 

I knew that it was worth the work that I had done to get it, he moaned and fell back to the bed his arms laying flat at his sides his fists clenched, I continued to suck and soon he was groaning again as his body's refractory period tried to stop him from cumming again, I kept on sucking and he inhaled in both pain and pleasure as his extra-sensitive cock again shot his cum into my eager mouth, he was paralysed with pleasure and I moved my hand to his cock as he continually spurted volley after volley of cum into the air, I caught each one and swallowed greedily allowing his hot juice to warm my cold body, soon James was moaning and I leaned In close to his face and kissed his cheek, I obliged and looked at his sweaty body and smiled at the fact that this tanned hunk was now mine forever as I leaned down and kissed his tired lips before continuing to beat his cock sending him into a haze in which he experienced both pain and pleasure as I milked his hard cock for every drop that he had, draining him of his fluids and bringing him higher and higher before I allowed him to slip into sleep, I cut one of my fingertips and allowed a few drops of my blood to fall into his open mouth causing his body to replenish itself and restoring the fluids which I had just drained from his body.

He slept for around an hour the sun reaching its height and blazing away through the window, he woke slowly still in my arms him naked and me topless, I kissed his neck and felt his heart quicken as I tightened my grip on him pulling him against my cold frame, he yawned and sat up pulling me with him, turning towards me I saw him lower his face flushing red, I placed one hand on his chin and pulled his face up to mine,

"I feel so safe with you, when you bit me, god it was." he spoke slowly and sleepily.

I cut him off smiling

"I know, you tasted so sweet, and you are so attractive, I love the feeling of your warmth against my skin"

He smiled, I expected him to shy away from the coolness of my skin but instead he leaned in closer and pressed his lips against my throat inhaling the smell of my skin, I chuckled as he ran his lips down my throat kissing the skin gently as he moved his lips down my pale skin.

"James if you thought that was good trust me this will make it better" he looked up as I moved my wrist to my mouth and bit into the flesh allowing my blood to flow slowly out from the puncture wounds, he looked up at me surprised before he slowly moved his lips to my wrist and gently began to drink from me, as he drank he moaned around my wrist letting my blood slide down his throat. 

I grasped his face with my other hand and pulled him up to my lips, he rolled over and straddled me leaning down to kiss me forcefully.

My hands moved to his back feeling the developed muscles beneath them and marvelling at the smoothness of his skin, he broke away suddenly however and began to laugh, I looked up at him sitting naked on top of me, I noticed how his breathing was irregular and I sat up pushing him of me and into a sitting position on the edge of his bed.

He turned his head to me smiling widely as he looked into my face.

"So beautiful" I said running the back of my hand over his cheek.

He closed his eyes and leant against my hand before opening them and asking in a sad tone

"Why me?"

I moved my hand away from his cheek as I answered him shocked at the question.

"What?"

"What is so special about me? What do you, a 228 year old god-like vampire, see in a human like me?"

I put my hand under his chin and probed his mind, I saw that I was his first, he had never kissed a man before and that today when he had seen me he had indeed found me attractive but had seen himself as ugly and unworthy of me.

I gasped as I read his mind shocked that he would think I was only going to use him

"You are wrong, you are not ugly to me I find you so very attractive, what first drew me to you was your scent, so sweet and pure but now I have seen what is within your heart you are good and pure and I felt myself falling for you from the moment I laid eyes on you."

He looked up stunned and leant forward resting his head against my chest, I stroked his hair as I waited for him to calm, a few minutes later he stood up and I watched him move away from the bed enjoying the way his arse moved, as he walked out of the door, he stopped in the doorway and looked back at me before saying slowly obviously hesitant as to how I would respond "I'm going for a shower maybe..." he trailed off. 

Instead I took the question from the surface of his mind and smiled at his request. When I stood and nodded my agreement he looked shocked. From his wardrobe he gathered a towel and some white briefs. I moved to his side in the blink of an eye and he smiled shyly before walking out of the door into the hallway.

I followed him slowly. Leaning against the doorway I watched as he turned on the tap of the large shower noting how spacious the room was with its large bathtub as well as the shower. 

His heartbeat quickened as he turned and shyly smiled at me

I moved towards the shower and as I got closer he relaxed. As he watched I undid the button on my jeans before moving on to the zipper. 

His heartbeat quickened as I revealed the red boxers I was wearing underneath. He gulped when he saw the bulge in them and moved into the shower facing the shower head immersing himself In the stream of water, the sight of the water running down his firm back to his arse and down his legs made my cock twitch as I removed my boxers letting them fall to the floor.

Stepping into the shower I wrapped my arms around his waist resting my chin on his shoulder and pressing my lips to the hot skin of his throat, the sensitive skin on my lips alerted me to his change in heartbeat now irregular and quick, James turned around and faced me resting his arms on my shoulders, he looked at my body and gasped when he had scanned me, his eyes lingered over my cock and I pulled him closer bringing our cocks into contact with each other, I spoke seductively to him

"Do you like what you see?" he blinked at me before responding

"So beautiful" I chuckled and pulled his face up to mine pressing my lips to his, his heartbeat tripled and I felt his cock swell against mine as his fingers knotted in my hair holding me against his warm body.

He bared his throat to me obviously expecting me to bite, I let my fangs descend and moved them over my previous bite wound before gently kissing the spot and pulling away, he moaned in annoyance that I was not going to bite him, but what he did not know was that the enzymes that were on my fangs to cause pleasure I could release through almost any other part of my body, from my tongue to my fingers and many other places, I lightly ran my fingers over the pulse in his neck releasing enzymes through my finger tips which were quickly absorbed through the skin into his blood stream, he moaned as he realised what I was doing, I felt his cock harden against my leg and my own began to stir as he stroked my back the sensitive skin tingling due to his touch.

I felt him use his muscles to push me away, he ran his hand down my chest and down towards my cock, groaning as his fingers stroked my cock gently rubbing the sensitive head, I growled as he wrapped his hand around it squeezing it gently, he smiled obviously pleased by my response, slowly wanking me off. 

Thrusting against his hand I growled.

He moved onto his knees and I looked down at him, my eyes glowing with a feral light. The second his lips touched it I moaned loudly and he began to suck on the head, he continued to suck my cock, gradually moving further and further down it gradually taking all of its length down his throat.

He gently sucked on my cock driving me higher and higher until I could take it no longer shooting my load into his willing mouth. 

Has he stood up he smiled at me and pulling his face closer to mine I tasted my own sweetness on his lips. 

I pressed his body back under the stream of water until his back was against the wall of the shower. Crushing his body against the wall with my own, I forcefully pressed my lips against his prising them open and invading his mouth exploring it with my tongue.

He clutched my face to his accepting me eagerly, I ran my hands down his back to his arse clutching the hot flesh pulling his body upwards towards me, I moved my left hand to his thigh pulling it up over him pinning him against my body. 

My cock began to rise again pressing against the inside of his thigh, his lips broke away from mine as he nuzzled my neck gently nipping the skin with his teeth, I moved my fangs to his neck before biting the flesh feeling his hot blood flow into my mouth, he tensed at the sudden bite to his neck. His own teeth dug into my neck and my blood spilled into his mouth, he tensed again before he began to slowly sip, drawing the blood out through the bite wound moaning at the taste.

We continued to drink from each other replenishing each other as we drank, my blood was more potent than his and caused his body to heat up and his cock to harden against my chest, I broke away, his blood staining my teeth, pushing him away from my neck I heard the moan as he licked the blood from his teeth smiling as he looked up at me with seemingly innocent eyes.

That was before he tensed and used the strength that my blood gave him to push me out of the shower and onto the carpeted floor, he tried to land on me and I knew what he wanted but I would prefer to do it in the comfort of my own home rather than here where James' parents could come home at any moment, he tried to dive on me but I moved too fast and he simply collided with the carpet, I could see the lust in his eyes, I leaned down and whispered in his ear.

"If you want more I think we should take this to a more private location such as my home" he immediately leapt up and wrapped his arms around my waist and pressed his face against my chest.

Disentangling myself from him I moved quickly back into his room dressing myself without my underwear and returning with an outfit I thought would look good on James, something that would reveal the muscles that bulged out of his chest, I returned with barely a second having passed. James saw the bundle of clothes and eagerly grabbed them putting them on in a rush eager to leave with me.

to be continued...