 I woke up with a start. Thanks God, it was just a dream! Just a dream... Just an harmless dream, it's not like tomorrow I will meet that gorgeous Apollo who hopefully will "claim me". Not that I want that! Ok, I admit it, I like the idea of someone taking me, "claiming me", and I want someone to fuck me senseless, hell, spank me, tie me, I don't care as long as I have a dick up my ass. But unfortunately I am a little romantic and I'm saving my virgin ass for my soul mate... "Soul mate".... Lol... I was kidding. The reason why I'm still a virgin is really complicated, every time I try to lose my v-card to a guy I always feel like it's not right, that I should wait for the right guy. But that doesn't mean I didn't experiment. 

I looked at the clock beside my bed. 8:00 a.m. Fuck! I was late for work... I got off the bed and ran to the bathroom where I take a quick shower. My boss was going to kill me. He hated tardiness and I knew that today especially he would be so pissed off that he would fire me without a blink. Today was the big day. The day when the C.E.O. of the company's biggest opponent was coming, my fucked up alarm clock decided to not wake me up. Or maybe I was so entranced in my dream that I didn't hear it. 

Fuck! That was the first thing that came to my mind when I entered the conference room. I felt five pairs of eyes on me while I slowly inch my way into the room. 

"Why are you late?" a familiar voice growled.

I looked at Andrew Lewis (my boss), and was shocked at seeing him so angry. I swallowed slowly trying to find a plausible answer that could appease him...Think, Ethan... Think...There was too much traffic... Tell him that... You both know how busy the streets in New York can be... No...Just...

"Why are you late, Cullen?" he asked more firmly.

"I was...unfortunately stuck in traffic, sir" I said never breaking eye contact with him.

"Cullen, I pay you to be on time. 8 o'clock means 8 o'clock. Do you understand?"

"Yes, sir." 

"Sit down and start taking notes." He said before looking down at the papers in front of him.

"Bastard" I muttered under my breath while taking a sit in one of the available chairs. 

I looked at the four suited men who were listening to Lewis' point of view on a subject I knew nothing about. None of them looked familiar and I knew that one of them was the C.E.O. whose company had beaten us in the past two years' competition. But who? Was it that firm looking fortyish man in the grey suit? Nah...He looked too nervous... Maybe it was the other guy next to him with the red cravat? Or the blonde guy who was listening to Lewis with a frown on his face? The fourth guy was younger than all of them, maybe still in his thirties. He was beautiful in manly way and everything about him screamed power. He had short black jet hair, a strong chin, strong jaw, his lips were a reddish pink and his eyes were mysterious, they were so black that they appeared violet. He reminded me of a dark Angel! His eyes fluttered to where I was. He stared at me without smiling. His eyes never left my face and he was looking at me with an intensity that both scared and aroused me. My eyes fell to his lips, those sensual, kissable lips. I wondered how they would feel around my cock... I felt my cock harden... No Ethan...Think of something else... Think of a girl's body parts... Think of old ladies...Think about anything but those perfect shaped lips... Yes they are perfect, aren't they? And that's how they will feel around my cock, soft, hot... Delectable... Stop it, Ethan...

I looked over at Lewis, trying to concentrate on what he was saying than on the stranger's lips. 

"I have to sell this company" that got my attention "The marketing profit has not been good recently, and I found myself in more debts than necessary, I have no choices left."

"So," the younger man started "what you are saying is that you want to take us upon our offer?"

"Yes." 

"That's rather surprising but convenient. But I have some conditions that I rather not discuss in public. Gentlemen, could you give us some privacy..."

I was dumbstruck. Sell the company? What about all those people whose lives depend on their job they have here? What about me? It won't be easy to find another job. I would have to give up my apartment...No...maybe it won't come to that... I got up and started to leave like the others when I felt a pair of eyes on me. I looked back and caught the younger man looking at me with a pensive frown on his face. I wondered what he was thinking about, but it really was none of my business. I left the room still feeling his eyes on me, but this time I didn't bother to look back. 

I went to my desk and started to type those reports Lewis gave me to do yesterday. I didn't even know why he needed them since he was so "excited" about selling. The bastard! Gave me a dream job and now he was taking it back. I would have put up with his humor and with his pitiful personality if only I knew that my job here was secured. How he ended up being rich is still a wonder to me. Unless he had grew up in a rich family. Honestly, he knew nothing about marketing and graphic designing. He was the reason the company had more debts than profits. If only he had listen to my suggestions. But his Majesty thought he knew better. I printed the reports and put them on Lewis' desk. His office looked dull and if I didn't know better I would have thought a lunatic worked in here. The man had no sense of fashion. Everything was black and grey. Seriously, who does that? I went back to my desk and tried to ignore the pretty blonde sitting on it waiting for me. Alisha! She was the office's slut. That girl had fucked anyone with a dick but me. And she made me love being gay. Since last month she had been trying to turn me "straight"... Lol... And honestly even if I was straight I would have never dated her. I don't like sharing. I sat down facing the computer and started to check my email. But Alisha didn't give up that easily. She went behind my chair and hugged me from behind. I shudder. 

"Honey", she said running her long nails on my body. "I could not stop thinking about you, about your hot body. And you know what? I think we are soul mates and we have to find out if we are as good together in bed as we are in everyday's life."

"What the fuck? Soul mates? Keep dreaming, sweetie." I said while getting up.

"Come on, Ethan, we will have fun."

"Thanks for the offer, but no thank you. I prefer dicks to cunts." I smiled. 

"Don't worry, I can make you forget about the boys you fucked, I bet I am better than them. If it's anal, that you are crazy about, I can do it, I've done it before."

"No."

"Why not? Give me a possible reason."

Fuck... Why couldn't that bitch leave me alone? Couldn't she understand that no means no? Ok, Ethan, time to stop playing games.

"You see" she putted "you can't find one good reason."

"Alisha" I said taking her hands in mine "You are a wonderful and attractive girl, but..."

I was going to frankly tell her what I thought of her when Lewis' voice interrupted me. 

"What's happening here?"

I pulled away from Alisha who blushed and gave Lewis her best smile. I saw him swallow slowly, his eyes glued to her voluptuous breasts. 

"Cullen... McCartney wants to see you... He's waiting in my office. Don't make him wait." He said to me, his eyes never leaving Alisha.

I escaped happily. I certainly did not want to know what was going to happen between those two, but I guessed it was pretty obvious. I rethought about Lewis' words. He said McCartney wanted to see me. But who was McCartney? And why did he want to talk to me? I knocked softly on the door before stepping in the room. The younger guy from before was sitting behind Lewis' desk. Ah! So He was McCartney. Sorry, I sometimes liked stating out the obvious. But I still had no idea why he wanted to see me for.

"Lock the door and sit down." he commanded and I was certainly not going to disobey. 

He stayed silence for a while, his eyes never leaving me. I was started to feel uncomfortable under his gaze and I squirmed in my seat. And then he said the only thing I didn't expect him to say.

"Be honest. You hate this room, don't you? "

"Yes, sir, I find the colors quite dull and empty."

"Yes they are, aren't they? I wonder if Lewis is color blind."

"Sir, if I may say, I don't think we're here to talk about Mr. Lewis' lack of taste, are we?"

"No, we're not, Ethan Cullen."

He got up from his seat and faced the window. Now I was really curious.

"I want you to be my boyfriend." 

WHAT??