 We walked quickly down the stairs and I put my arm around his waist as we walked through the streets to my home a few blocks away, we walked up the drive to my house and I opened the door quickly with my keys which I pulled from my pocket.

He eagerly walked through the door striding into the spacious front room, I took his hand and pushed him up against the nearest wall gently. 

I caressed his face with my hand gently placing my thumb over his lips that parted as I touched them, I kissed him gently, softly but this was not what he wanted, he moaned into my mouth and tugged me closer against to him.

I responded forcefully as I was sure he wanted and clutched at him tearing his shirt again, I chuckled slightly as I felt his chest, running my fingertips over his nipples and carefully releasing a small amount of pleasure enzymes into the skin, he moaned repeatedly as I ran my hands down his chest feeling his heart beat quicken once more, my cock began to stir behind my jeans as I was sure his was.

I picked him up and ran quickly to my room before dumping him onto my bed and diving on top of him pinning his hot body beneath me.

He squirmed under my grasp but I silenced his fears with my lips, I felt him relax immediately and I pulled him up onto the large pillows.

I moved my hands to the headboard smiling as I knew he had obviously not seen the chains that dangled behind the head board, I pulled them over the headboard and pushed his hands together before using my superior speed to quickly wrap his arms together with the cold metal chains, he tugged against them for a second before giving up with a sigh.

I ran my hand down his chest gently massaging the muscles that bulged out from him, he wriggled under my touch but relaxed as soon as I released a small amount pleasure enzymes through his skin. 

I ran my fingers down his chest gently stroking his six pack, I undid the button of his jeans and undid the zip pulling the thin layer of clothing down past his knees, his cock swelled within his boxers, I squeezed his cock through his boxers it twitched under my hand as it swelled to its full size tenting proudly 7'' away from his body.

I slowly stroked him, from his face to his nipples which I played with for a while causing him to tug against the chains that bound him to the bed, I reached his boxers and played with the waistband for a while causing him to wriggle in anticipation, he spoke in a low growl "just get on with it already, give me what I want". 

I obliged and pulled down his boxers slowly, his cock sprung up free from it's cloth prison rising up to meet my hand, I ran one of my fingertips up from his balls to the sensitive head, I rubbed slowly over the piss slit causing him a pleasant amount of pain, he moaned loudly thrusting his hips upwards towards my hands.

My ears picked up the sound of feet on the front porch,and heard the sound of my front door opening and tensed immediately, James noticed my sudden freeze and opened his mouth to speak probably to ask what was going on.

I put my hand over his mouth and put my index finger over my lips, he relaxed quickly, I moved pulling his boxers up his legs and doing up his jeans with difficulty over his swollen cock, I undid the chains from around his arms and quickly handed him a t shirt which I fetched from the nearest drawer.

I tugged on his hand and led him slowly from the room me crouched defensively in front of my mate, I put my hand on his chest when we reached the upstairs hall, he halted, I heard movement downstairs and I kissed him quickly on the lips before jumping off the edge of the balcony down to the ground floor beneath a growl in my throat as I turned to see the intruder, I moved to the living room and looked around and there on the couch sat my....my maker.

I stiffened when I saw him, freezing on the spot as he turned to face his progeny a smile on his lips, I looked into his eyes and listened to him speak as he moved closer to me, "my progeny how good it is to see you, I can tell by the look on your face that you believed that I died in London during the blitz, but that my progeny was necessary at the time, but now I need your help in a matter" Marcus sniffed the air before looking at me and saying "what is that scent?" he looked at me before turning when he heard James' voice from behind me "that would be me and who the fuck are you, we were busy before you came in, so who are you and what do you want?" he moved to my side, I moved in front of him defensively before looking forward at my maker, he looked at James then turned his eyes to me he spoke to me completely ignoring James "I see you have a meal how thoughtful" he took a step toward trying to side step me I snarled at my maker putting my arm in front of James blocking my makers path to him, I snarled at him threateningly "he is my mate and you will not touch him!, I do not care if you are my maker but James is mine!".

He raised his hands in innocence I straightened out of my crouch before looking over at James smiling assuredly at him, he smiled back weakly, I turned to my maker who now was observing James with fascinated eyes, he winked at him before addressing him "to answer your question James, I am Louis' maker, I am over 486 years old I was made in 1526 by a Spanish vampire in the newly founded city of Santa Marta.

I made Louis in 1784 after I found him dying in a gutter in Dublin, and the reason why I want him is that involving a broken law" he caught my eye and I knew exactly what he meant, someone had found out about us and had to be eliminated quickly before It was made public and our very way of life was challenged.

Marcus moved to the front door opening it quickly and ushering in a woman, she looked around 19 with dark brown hair and sea green eyes, her eyes quickly scanned over me and James before she retreated behind Marcus clinging onto his arm.

He looked at me before saying "now Louis we both have something in common, this is Maria, she is my mate and like your James she is also human"

she looked up and smiled at James before turning her eyes to me with a look of fear in them, Marcus spoke again "now my sweet why don't you go with James over there and find something to eat I have some buisness to discuss with Lois".

James shot me a glance as Maria moved towards him, he smiled at her before glancing anxiously back at me. 

He moved away from me following Maria but not before placing a quick peck on my lips that left me craving more God he knew how to turn me on.

I turned my attention to Marcus who was leading the way out out of the front door, the sun was beginning to set and I felt my full powers begin to manifest as the suns dampening effect lessened my maker spoke to me slowly as soon as the door was closed behind me.

"I see you too have found a mate, have you claimed him yet?" 

I shook my head, by claiming he meant having sex with, I chuckled and said "I was going to soon but you interrupted me, I had him chained to the bed naked before you walked in" he laughed a short laugh before waving his hand dropping the subject.

"when i first smelt him there was something there, he smelled so desirable, the only example of sweetness in blood is that he is a supernatural, just a little food for thought about your mate.

But now that the sun has almost set I believe we should continue this conversation telepathically don't you think?" I nodded dropping the guards around mind entering the mind of my maker and absorbing the thoughts closest to the surface.

I saw a young man relatively attractive with black hair and hazel eyes, I saw a vampire chained to a table the blood being drained slowly from his body keeping him weak enough that he was unable to break the chains that had him spread eagled on the table naked.

The human moved around the table examining the anatomy of the vampire, I broke apart from his mind eager to tear this human to shreds but torn between my need for James and the outrage of this human.

James' Point of View*********

I moved away from Louis following the woman called Maria into the kitchen away from my mate but not before giving him a quick peck on the lips seeing the look of lust that crossed his face as I moved away following Maria into the kitchen.

I heard the front door open and close, I knew that I would have to go home soon and explain why I missed the whole day of school, I hoped that Louis would help persuading my Mum, I knew just how persuasive my...boyfriend? No that wasn't what Louis had called me he had called me his...mate, the very thought of that pale hunk of gorgeousness being mine made me want him in my arms right now.

I wondered if this Maria woman felt the same about her Mate? 

The dark haired one who had interrupted Louis just as I was about to be truly his.

The woman moved into the kitchen uncertainly as did I, the kitchen was large with a refrigerator in the corner that hummed quietly and a microwave on the counter, there was a cooker against the wall spotless obviously just a prop.

I moved towards the fridge and opened it before slamming it shut just as quickly, all I saw in the fridge were bags of blood stacked on top of each other.

I moved towards the cupboards and found a loaf of bread and some eggs probably for when he had humans here which I guess was not very often.

I began to whisk the eggs before dipping the bread in it and quickly frying it in hot oil, the woman Maria moved to my side watching me cook, I finished cooking the food and plated up the 2 slices of bread that I had cooked.

I ate quickly eager to be rid of these people and to be alone with my mate, the woman Maria began to speak with a Spanish accent and I guessed Marcus that was her mate's name had picked her up when he was in Spain or South America or somewhere.

She spoke slowly in only slightly accented English "so I see you too have found yourself a vampire as a mate, it is wonderful is it not" "yes" I spoke quickly she nodded before asking another question "has he...claimed you yet?"

I shook my head guessing the meaning of her question "I almost was, but you interrupted us" 

I said she blushed muttering a quick apology, she spoke slowly again obviously nervous as to my answer "has..has he bitten you yet?" I nodded smiling, she spoke quickly obviously exited "he has? Marcus has not yet done that to me, what was it like? Did it hurt?" I shook my head answering "the initial bite hurts but after that it is just pure pleasure it was so amazing feeling my strength flowing from me and into him, especially when I bit him and drank from him, God it made me so horny" I spoke quickly excited.

She gawked at me, obviously she had not tasted her vampire yet, my face flushed and I looked down embarrassed, I did not hear the front door open and close, my face was pulled up against my consent, I tensed as I felt a set of lips press against mine but relaxed as soon as I saw that those lips belonged to Louis, he pulled me up onto my feet and I wrapped my arms around his neck completely ignoring Maria she was lost in the past all that mattered now was holding Louis here and kissing him.

He pushed his tongue past my lips and I pressed myself closer against his cold body enjoying the way it controlled my rising body heat, my heart began to beat faster and faster as I realised I had forgotten to breathe I didn't care and hardly noticed as my vision began to darken until I fell away from Louis' lips.

He caught me in his strong arms and pulled me up to his lips again gently breathing into my open mouth, whatever was in his breath it began to clear my head and my eyes shot open and I felt a sudden buzz of energy course through me.

Maria was nowhere to be seen but I could not give a fuck all I cared about was Louis who was easily within arms reach, both his blood and his breath in my system must have done something to my muscles since I moved too quickly towards him surprising him as I threw him onto the floor growling as I felt an uncontrollable urge to dive on top of him and take him inside of me or at least give him the pleasure I so greatly wanted to give to him.

I landed on him pressing my lips once more against his, this time it was me in control and I had this vampire all to myself, I broke away and kissed up the left side of his pale face before once again locking my lips against his, I felt his fangs descend against my tongue gently nipping the skin.

He flipped me over and I bared my throat for him, the angle at which my neck was at must not have been enough for him because he grabbed my jaw bone and pulled my head even further to the side and dug his fangs into my neck.

The sharp pain made me gasp involuntarily but that was before the enzymes on his fangs went to work in my body, after it had taken effect he could have hacked off a limb I wouldn't have cared, he pulled away and leant forward to kiss me, I tasted my own blood in his mouth and enjoyed the salty sweetness of it.

He pulled away "I have to leave, but don't worry not for long a few hours at most, i will go after you fall asleep" he said barely pulling his lips off of mine.

I grimaced at the thought of him leaving but I realised that he would not be gone long and i would not notice it, I might as well have what I wanted at the moment though even if he would not claim me we could both give each other pleasure.

I pushed forward and rubbed my groin against him, he smiled against my lips before kissing his way up my face.

His throat was directly above my mouth and I leant forward and pressed my lips against his throat moving to the side of his neck nuzzling the flesh, he knew what I meant to do and I saw the muscles in his neck relax against my mouth, I bit into the flesh enjoying not only the taste of his blood but also the slight chuckle that I heard from him, I sucked weakly on his neck drawing in his blood.

My lips moved off of his neck, I swallowed the blood that was inside my mouth pulling his face down to mine he smiled at me before pressing his lips onto mine, his tongue moved around the inside of my mouth, I sucked greedily on his tongue, my hands moved to his back my nails digging in to the smooth flesh beneath his t-shirt, I felt his cool blood on my finger tips, if he felt any pain he didn't complain in fact he showed more passion as he crushed my body beneath his growling into my mouth.

I broke away from his mouth gasping for breath, being around Louis made all of my normal instincts vanish, he moved his lips down my face to my neck licking the skin over his previous bite wound.

I waited for him to bite me again but instead he moved his face down my neck to the collar of my t shirt, his hands moved to the top of my t shirt tearing the fabric straight down the middle exposing my chest, I chuckled that was 2 of t-shirts he had ripped today, I couldn't care, all I care about was the feeling of his lips moving down my chest, he had reached my nipples and his soft skin felt wonderful against mine, pleasure shot up my body.

He began to move down my body reaching my six pack he gently kissed each of the muscles before moving his hand towards my crotch, he was completely in control of me, he squeezed my growing cock gently through my jeans, I moaned under his touch thrusting my hips upward into his hand seeking greater friction against it.

He undid the top button of my jeans quickly undoing the zip and yanking them down to my ankles, my cock tented upwards free the first of its prisons, he moved up my leg gently kissing the skin, he reached my left thigh and kissed the skin, pleasure shot up my body again, he moved to my right and I moaned in pleasure, his fingertips trailed up my leg starting at the soles of my feet, he gently stroked the skin his cold fingers sending shivers up my body.

He moved to my chest and his fingers lingered over my nipples before he moved to my face cradling it in his hand, I smiled down at him my fingers weaved into his hair and I tugged him upwards towards my face, now it was his turn.

I rolled onto my side laying him down next to me I ran my hands over his t shirt feeling his developed muscles beneath the thin layer of cloth, I tugged the bottom of the t shirt pulling it upward to his head, he sat up and I pulled it over his head.

I stared at his topless form gawking at his perfectly defined muscles and smooth perfect skin, I moved my right hand to his chest placing it over his heart, there was no beat beneath my fingers, he moved the back of his hand against my my cheek, and spoke seductively "it may not beat but it feels for you, I do not have long around an hour but in that time we can still have some fun" he smiled cheekily, he stood up in a flash his hand offered to me, I grasped it pulling myself up smiling at him, he picked me up cradling me in his arms in a second we were in his room.

I spoke shocked "I don't think I have fully measured your abilities" he smiled at me again before answering "now that the sun has fully set my powers are at their strongest.

He moved onto the bed and lowered me onto it and then himself onto me.

I felt his legs against mine and realised that he had removed his jeans, his hands ran down my body and he yanked my boxers off, he moved his hands to my cock now semi-hard and stroked the skin lightly, I gasped at his touch my cock and immediately shot upright in his hands, he slowly began to wank my cock.

He sped up and I groaned loudly as he sped up, he replaced his hand quickly with his mouth, he sucked my cock greedily obviously enjoying himself as I moaned under his touch.

I climbed higher and higher I knew that my orgasm was imminent and I was sure that he knew too, he pulled his head away looking up at me smiling widely, he lay down on the bed next to me and I knew exactly what he wanted me to do, I moved my hand towards his 8" cock marvelling at it.

I wrapped my fingers around it and slowly began to wank his cock enjoying his reaction to my touch, I sped up as he had noticing how even though he did not need the air his breathing still sped up.

I moved my hand away from his cock noticing the low growl that emanated from his chest I replaced my hand with my mouth and licked the head teasingly, I moved my lips down his cock until my nose reached the base and rested in the dark pubes that surrounded his cock.

The tip of his cock had entered my throat and he growled louder than he had before and I knew that he was getting closer and closer to orgasm, I had tasted him once before and now I wanted to do to him what he had originally done to me, I would suck him until he begged for me to stop.

I felt him shudder against my body and I sucked harder and faster until he howled loudly as he shot into my mouth, I pulled back allowing his second load to land on my tongue, his load tasted sweet and bitter at the same time I swallowed his cum and I continued to suck causing him to shoot again and again into my mouth, I pulled away and wanked his cock as he kept on shooting his load.

Eventually I collapsed on top of him, he was breathing heavily and had his eyes closed, I lay on top of him and nuzzled myself against his chest, his arms moved from his sides and wrapped around me pulling him against me.

My still hard cock pressed against him and he smiled with his eyes still shut, he moved his hand towards my chest and stroked my abs before moving down to my cock, his cool hands stroked the skin softly, sensually as I slowly got higher and higher, I had been on the verge of cumming when he had pulled away and now I was close, he began to speed up and I shut my eyes as the pleasure built and built until finally I spurted onto his chest.

I collapsed against his chest kissing the skin of his pecs, his hands moved to my hair and he gently stroked it lovingly as I slipped into a satisfied sleep in the arms of my dark angel.