 This happened several years ago when I was 40 yrs. old and married. My wife Alice and I had a daughter Melanie who was 18. Melanie hung out a lot with a boy named Fred. My wife and I liked Fred and often included in our family outings. He was a good kid, polite and we liked having him around. Fred was 19, had blue eyes, blonde hair, fair skin: a very attractive young man. He got his features from his mom, Carol.

One Saturday, Fred came over early in the morning, not unusual; he had done so before. I had just come out of the shower when Fred rang the doorbell. I answered the door wearing nothing but a towel. As I opened the door my towel slipped down and we both froze for a moment. I noticed he was checking me out and when I caught him doing it he blushed and rushed by me. I never gave it much thought because I know that age guys check other guys out.

I didn't see Fred till the next weekend. My wife and Melanie had left to go somewhere, so I was relaxing in some shorts when I heard a knock at the door and it was Fred. I told him that my wife and Melanie were gone for the afternoon. 

"Yeah, I know, it's why I'm here." he said. "I wanted to talk with you, can I come in?" he asked. 

I answered "Sure Fred you know you're always welcomed here." We sat down and I asked him what was on his mind? 

"I wanted to talk to you about what had happen last weekend", he said, "Remember when you walked out of the washroom naked, I kind of stared at you". I told him that it wasn't a big deal and at his age all guys check out other guys, we just do and even told him that I still do it sometimes when in a locker room with the boys after a game. He smiled and thanked me for chatting with him, he was about to leave when he stopped and asked me "Alan (my name) can I confide in you about something? I don't know who to talk to about this". 

I said, "sure Fred you can talk to me about anything" the kid didn't have a dad at home and I once told him if he ever needed to talk about stuff, he could come and see me anytime.

"Well Alan I'm gay, I like boys" he says. You could have knock me over with a feather, I never knew that "you can take to me about anything" would mean this. I tried to keep my composure and asked him what made him so sure of this. He says that he has experimented with other boys and he liked it. 

I asked him what he meant by "experimented," and he said giving other boys blowjobs. My cock got hard when he told me this so I shifted in my seat so he wouldn't notice. 

I said "Fred, it is ok at your age to experiment, and doesn't mean that your gay, but if you do like boys and are gay, that's ok. I won't feel any different about you, you're a good kid and I like you."

He looked down and said, "I don't think other boys like me in the same way." I asked him why he felt that way. "I think the guys just like getting the blowjobs from me, cause none of them want to give them back," he said. 

I replied, "Many boys at your age are selfish and will take what they can get. I would suggest that you find someone who will like you for you and is into the same things that you are." He smiled and gave me a hug. I still had a hard on as I was thinking of him blowing other boys his age, not a thought that I had ever had before.

He got up to leave then stopped and looked at me. I asked him, "anything else Fred?" 

"Alan can I suck your cock," he asked? My cock got even harder and I said "no Fred that's not necessary, you don't need to do that for me to like you, I already like you."

"I know that Alan, I want to suck your cock because I want to suck a man's cock and I can tell by the way your sweats are pitching a tent that you'd like to get your cock sucked and I promise I'll never tell anyone," he says. I was floored, he was right I wanted him to suck my cock and he knew it and he could see it, again you could have knocked me over with a feather. He closed the front door and locked it and said, "Come upstairs Alan before anybody comes home."

Fred climbed the stairs with me right behind him and he led me into my own bedroom. He had me lay down on the bed with my legs hanging over the side, removed my sweat pants off he and he could see my hard cock straining in my briefs. He pulls down my briefs and my cock stands right up! Fred smiled and said, "Someone sure is horny." 

He was right. It had been awhile since Alice and I had any sex and I hadn't jerked off in days. He grabbed my cock with his hand. My dick was pulsing and he felt it. He slid it into his mouth, and I just about came when he did. He started slow, getting me wet, but as he got me wetter, the harder he kept going, he was jerking me as he was going up and down with his sweet mouth on my cock. My head was spinning, I couldn't believe that I was getting this great blowjob from a 19 yr. old boy and I loved it. He kept his pace without slowing down. How I lasted even 10 minutes I'll never know. I told him I was about to cum and he sped up his pace, my toes curled when I came and blasted my load down his throat and he swallowed like a champ and kept his mouth on my cock till I was completely finished. 

When it was over he asked, "Did you like that, Alan?" 

"Buddy," I replied, "I think we both enjoyed it. You suck cock like a champ!"

As I was putting my pants back on, he asked if we could do that again sometime. 

I replied, "If the opportunity presents itself Fred, sure, but I never want you to think that you have to, okay." We walked downstairs and Fred left but that would not be the last time we would be intimate.

It was a week before I saw Fred again. He came over to hang out with Melanie. I was excited to say the least, but had no idea if anything was going to happen. Fred showed up around 5pm, and he Melanie went downstairs to play video games and to watch some movies. I knew they were going to be up late and figured nothing was going to happen. I fell asleep on the couch after Alice had gone to bed. I woke up around 2am and the house was quiet. I got up to let the dog out and grab a drink of water. I heard soft tapping at the door and to my delight it was Fred. He whispered, "Hi" as he entered; giving me a wink. I returned it with a wink of my own; and on cue my dick began to rise.

"I'm not sure how much time we got Alan, but I really want to suck your cock," he whispered again. Fuck I like it when he says cock I thought to myself. As he came to me he slip his hand in my shorts: feeling my rock hard cock. "looks like someone is happy to see me," he said. 

Fred wasted no time in getting to his knees In front of me and slipped my shorts down to my ankles. He grabbed my cock and licked it. I thought for sure I was going to blow my load right on the spot! He put his sweet lips on my cock and began going down on me. In seconds he had my cock wet with saliva and was bobbing his head up and down on my dick. He took it out and started licking my balls and my turgid staff. "I like it that you shave your balls Alan", said Fred as he went back to bobbing his head down on my cock, he then stopped and looked at me and said, "fuck Alan, I couldn't wait to suck you off again and swallow another load or your cum!" 

I replied, "I was thinking about it all week too, Fred."

He kept up his pace knowing that we should hurry up. After several minutes I was telling Fred I was going to cum. Like a champ he sucked me even harder till I came in his mouth and he swallowed it all. He got up from his knees, and as I was pulling my shorts back up Fred leaned in and kissed me, it was soft and sweet, I was frozen at first, but then I took his hand and we kissed again, this time with more passion. As we kissed, I could taste my cum on his tongue and lips! We stopped and Fred broke away. 

He turned around to head home saying, "Have a good night, Alan see you in the morning."

"You too Fred, thanks", I said to him. I let the dog in and headed off bed knowing that Fred and I would continue our intimacy.

The next morning I woke up around 9am, Alice was gone to work and Melanie was still sleeping. I knew Melanie had somewhere to be in a couple hours and woke her up so she can start getting ready. About 30 minutes later Melanie was in the shower, I was cooking breakfast and Fred knocked at the door. Fred asked me what Melanie was doing. I told him she was in the shower and was going to help some girls from school raise funds for their basketball team. 

"Oh", he said, looking surprised and confused. 

"Don't worry buddy, I replied, "You and I can find something to do around here." Melanie came downstairs and we all ate breakfast. Afterwards Fred helped Melanie do the dishes as I cleaned up around the house. I made the beds, started a load of laundry and put away some clean clothes.

Melanie left, leaving Fred and I alone. We looked at each other and he asked, "Now what?" 

"Well we can take a shower together. How does that sound?" I replied. 

"Sounds great," Fred replied excitedly! I made sure all doors were locked and we headed upstairs. We got undress in my room and I saw Fred naked for the first time. His skin was white and smooth, he had little body hair and what hair he had was so blond that it was almost invisible. He had a cute little ass and his dick which was hard was about 5-6 inches. His cock began to rise as I stared at it.

We headed off to the shower together. We took turn soaping each other with Fred doing me first. He washed me all over and even rubbed my asshole while he was stroking my cock. After I was cleaned up I turned him around with his back to me and I started washing him. While I was lathering him he started to breathe deeper.

I knew he liked it and I wanted to get him hotter. I continued to wash him and was coming back up his legs; leaving his cock, balls and ass till last. I washed his hips and inner thighs and then his balls. He was grinding his ass on my cock as I started stroking him with my soapy hands. I continued to stroke his cock as I moved my other hand between his ass cheeks and slowly rubbed his little hole. He started rocking harder against my finger and moaned as it slipped in up to my first knuckle. I continued fingering his hole as I jerked his cock and Fred reached back to find my dick and started to stroke it. 

"Michael I want to suck your cock again please," Fred said, "before we blow our loads."

"Let's finish this in the bedroom" I told him. We finished our shower, toweled ourselves, and quickly went to the bedroom. Fred had me lay back with my legs spread open, went down on me, licking my shaft and balls, and then he pushed my legs further back and started licking my asshole. 

"Fuck," I thought to myself, "I like this boy." He got my hole nice and wet then stuck his finger in my ass and went back to blowing me. Between his tongue, finger, and the hot shower we took it didn't take long before I shot a load down his throat. After he swallowed he climbed on top of me and kissed me. He still had some cum in his mouth. Without hesitating I shared my first cum kiss with Fred. 

I caught Fred looking at me funny. "What is it Fred?" I asked. 

"Alan I've never received a blowjob from another guy. Would you be willing to suck my cock? You don't have to swallow. I just want to know what it feels like," he said. "Fred I've never suck a cock before but I would love to suck your cock" I said to him. 

He lay on the bed and I started stroking his dick as I kissed him. I broke our kiss and moved to his nipples, still stroking his dick. He arched his back as I sucked his nipple, taking a deep breath as he did. When I moved down to his cock he began to squirm. Without hesitation I took his cock into my mouth. He moaned loudly as I sucked his cock. He tasted sweet and clean. His cock fit perfectly in my mouth with lots of room to suck him in and out. 

I'm not sure how good I was doing but he didn't last long as he warned me he was about to cum. I began to suck him harder as I decided I was going to taste his cum and swallow his load. His ass lifted off the bed as he moaned loudly again and came in my mouth. I felt his cum pulsing through his dick as I tasted man juice from a cock for the first time. His cock pulse about 3 times with a little shot afterwards. I swallowed his cum and enjoyed the taste if his young seed. I looked at him and his eyes were closed. I smiled knowing that he had enjoyed it.

After he was done drained I removed my mouth from his dick, moved close to his face, and while his eyes were closed I kissed him hard. He responded by kissing me back passionately. After we broke our kiss we looked at each other and smiled knowingly. As we got dressed I asked Fred where he had learned some of the things he had done, like; cum kissing, rimming, fingering. "From the internet," he said. 

Fully dressed we kissed again then went downstairs. Before opening the door Fred asked me if we can keep doing stuff, I told him I would like to do more, but we'll have to make plans here and there, cause we won't always have days like this. Fred said he wanted to do more and said he really liked getting his cock sucked. As I opened the door we said our goodbyes for the day, I watched Fred kind of skipping home and I started thinking how I really enjoyed sucking his cock and was looking forward to the next time we can hang out.