 I didn't see much of Fred for a few weeks, except for around the neighborhood. I was thinking of him quite often, but I wanted him to come back only if he wanted to. Spring was in full bloom and Alice and Melanie were gone out of town for the weekend to visit my mother-in-law. I was working a new shift and was unable to go, so on the weekend I stuck around the house cleaning some of my stuff when I heard a knock at the door, I yelled "come in" then waited to hear who it was. 

"It's me Alan" Fred yelled from upstairs. I was really happy to hear his voice. I came up and Fred asked, "Miss me?"

"As a matter fact Fred I have," I said, "what's up?" 

"My mom is going out tonight and my little brother is going to his friend's house. I was wondering if I could hang out with you. I asked my mom and she's alright with it if you are." 

"Really," I asked? 

"Yep" Fred answered with a smile, "all you have to do is call her."

I grabbed the phone and called Fred's mom, "hi Carol! It's Alan, what's up?" 

"Hi Alan, she said, "I was wondering if Fred could stay with you tonight. I know it's short notice. He was supposed to stay at his friend's place tonight cause I'm going out with the girls and his plans fell through."

"Carol I don't mind at all, Fred and I can spend some guy time together," I answered. 

She replied, "Thanks Alan I appreciate it. I know he's old enough to stay by himself but we usually come here after going out for a few more drinks and I don't like waking the boys like that" 

"I figured it was something like that so, yes, he can go pack his stuff and come straight back if he likes, I got some stuff to do and I can use a hand," I gave Fred a wink as I said it. 

"Sure Alan, if that's what he wants to do, I'm heading for supper with the girls before we go out, thanks again Alan," Carol said. 

As I got on the phone I noticed Fred was grinning. "Oh cool," he said as he was practically running out the door to his place to get his stuff for the weekend. I went back downstairs to finish was I was doing, all the while sporting a hard-on while I was thinking of the fun I was going to have with Fred over the next 24 hrs. 

Fred came back with his stuff and came downstairs right away to help with what I was doing. We finished just in time to make supper. It was 8 pm by the time we finished the dishers.

I said, "Wow a day, I could use a shower, what about you Fred?" Fred had the water going before I got upstairs. We undressed, in the shower and Fred was touching me and wanting to kiss. As soon as we kissed, we both got hard. We washed each other thoroughly and after drying each other off, headed to the bedroom. 

"Alan I got something's I want to show you" as he went to his bag searching. He pulled out a small bag and out of that he revealed what looked like a 4 inch butt plug and some lube. 

Being really surprised I asked him "where in the hell did you get that?"

"It's my mom's. It vibrates and it feels great, you're going to love this!" he exclaimed. I thought to myself," Carol is as kinky as her son." Fred got on his knees and started sucking my cock. I almost blew my load into Fred's sweet mouth. After he finished I picked up Fred and put him down on the bed. I began to suck his dick which was really hard and it was pulsing in my mouth. Fred suggested that we 69, which we had never done yet. 

I laid on my back with Fred on top. We sucked each other's cocks. I looked at Fred's little hole and started to lick him hard and deep. Fred moaned and sucked my cock even harder, so I continued to eat his cute, clean, hairless ass as he sucked my cock till I blew my load, Fred moaned as I shot my load in his mouth. He kept sucking so long I got sore and asked him to stop.

When he rolled off he asked me if I would use the butt plug on him while I blew him. He laid face down on the bed. I grabbed the lube and put some on my finger and in his ass. When he was nice and lubed I reached for the butt plug, lubed it up, and turned it on. 

He said, "Alan, it's ok to just slowly put in, I've done it plenty of times." So I began to slowly insert it. I have to admit I got hard watching him take it up his ass, As I work it in all the way, Fred was moaning and saying how good it felt. His dick was pointing straight up! I began slowly moving it in and out. As I did I started sucking Fred's dick again. I increased the speed of the plug as I moved it in and out of his ass. I took his cock down my throat and he arched his ass right off the bed.

"I'm cumming," he cried, as he shot a big load in my mouth. I swallowed his cum, licked him clean, and allowed him to return to earth. When he was finished I pulled the plug from his ass. He said, "Holy fuck Alan that was awesome. I never came so hard! I felt I was cumming straight from my ass."

My dick was hard from watching him orgasm. Fred looked at me and said, "Do you want to try it," I said yes and Fred grabbed the butt plug and went to the washroom to wash it off with warm soapy water. He returned and asked me to get on all fours on the bed. I did as he asked and he came up behind me and started licking my ass. After a few minutes he stuck a finger in my ass and began licking my balls.lk me. 

Fred had me lay down with my legs up. He applied lube to his fingers stuck them in my asshole. Then he reached for the butt plug, lubed it, turned it on, and then pressed it against my asshole. I moaned as it vibrated through me. Fred pushed it inside me. I never felt so full and it was a feeling I've never forgotten. When it was all the way inside me he stopped, pulled it out a bit, and shoved it in. After a few minutes he had a good rhythm going. He took my cock in his mouth and began to blow me. I was glad that I had already orgasmed once so I could enjoy this longer. Fred would take a breather and stroke my cock for a few minutes while he fucked me with the butt plug, then he would resume sucking my cock, my balls and stroking my dick. I tell you the feeling was incredible, and after about 30 minutes of Fred sucking my cock, I grabbed his head started and humped his face until I came as harder as I ever had. 

As I was coming down from my orgasm, I looked at Fred and said, "I understand what you meant about cumming from your ass: that was awesome!" I reached over and brought him to me to kiss him hard; as he kissed back I could taste cum on his tongue. After we cleaned up we had a little snack while watching TV in the bedroom. It was getting late and I suggested we turn in because we had an early morning. Fred asked me where he should sleep, I looked at him puzzled and said, "with me silly, where else", he kissed me and cuddle up to me as we spooned, just before falling asleep I was thinking to myself how I was loving the time I was spending with Fred, not just the sex, but the closeness we were experiencing.

We were up early the next day, ate some breakfast, packed some food for the day, got some more supplies at the market on our way out and off we went for the day.
I had promised my cousin, who lived in a town on one of the Great Lakes, to help make some repairs including a new deck. Fred and I chatted about sports, school and other things of interests as we drove down to the lake. Fred asked what we had to do out there and if we were going to be alone, I told him that as far as I knew my cousin was going to be there all day and we had to fix the roof, steps and deck of the sauna, a few odds and ends, and a good clean up. Fred asked if we could use the sauna and I answered, "I hope so, I brought towels, body wash, shampoo and conditioner, would be a waste to do all the work and not get a reward". He smiled his cute little smile as we continued our drive. 

We got there just after 9am. We got out all the tools, placed the material and set off to do the work. We did the roof first, which didn't take long. I had Fred clean out the sauna as I did the roof. By lunch time we had the roof fixed, the sauna clean out, and the old deck and steps ripped off. He and I ate our lunch and relaxed for an hour, it was Sunday after all. After lunch I had Fred fill up the water bin in the sauna, get some dry wood and light a fire. By the time we finished the new deck and steps the sauna would be the right temperature. 

My cousin had told me after lunch that he had to leave and wouldn't be back till dark. "Where are you going?" I asked. He said he had some errands to do in town and then to to a friend's for supper. I knew Fred and I would be alone for few hours to enjoy ourselves in the sauna. By the time we had all the work done, the tools put away and everything cleaned up the fire in the stove for the sauna had been burning for about 3 hrs. I made sure Fred kept feeding the fire all day so the sauna would be nice and hot as well as wetting the walls so it wouldn't be so dry. 

"Well Fred we're done, you did a great job in helping me, thanks, now are you ready to take a sauna? I know I am."

"Fucking right I am Alan," was his answer. I went back to the car and grabbed our gear. As we were getting undressed in the change room Fred said to me, "I didn't bring a pair of swim shorts."

"Neither did I Fred. I did bring us a couple of towels each and some clean clothes." Then we stepped into the sauna and man alive it was hot in there! First thing I did was throw some water on the rocks to get some steam going, then I removed my towel, sat down, laid back, relaxed, and took in the steam, Fred did the same and sat next to me. I would splash water on the rocks some more and got a good steam going.

Fred and I talked as we relaxed. He said, "Alan I really enjoy spending time with you, and I like sucking your cock and you sucking me, but can we do more?" 

I had an idea where this was going and I started to get hard as I asked him, "like what Fred? What else would you like to do?"

"I want you to fuck me. I got the lube in my bag," Fred answered. As soon as he said that I was hard as an iron bar. He went into the change room and returned with the lube in hand, got on his knees and starting slurping my cock like the cock-sucker he is. Then he got up and applied some lube to my cock and as he was stroking my dick applied some lube to his ass. 

He asked me to lie down so he could mount me. I don't know if I was ever so excited as I was then; anticipating Fred lowering himself on my cock. He mounted me, raised his little ass, grabbed my cock and guided it to his hole. Then he started to lower himself on my dick. Fuck he was tight, but I was hard and I easily went in. It took a few minutes before he was down all the way. He stopped and took a deep breath. I could tell he was ready, and with that he started to go up a little then down, as he progressed he would go up higher and the go down harder. 

After a few minutes he was fucking himself on my hard shaft and I was starting to meet his strokes. His cock was hard and pointing straight up and I was thinking to myself how fucking hot that was. We kept fucking hard and Fred did something I've never seen but had heard off: he started cumming, and cumming hard. His first spurt shot straight up about 2 feet and landed on my chest then his cum just seeped out of his cock. 

Fred stayed hard as we kept fucking; I now had his ass cheeks in both my hands and was bouncing his ass off my cock. "Fuck this is great," I thought. I was getting close to shooting my load and it was going to a big one, I could feel it coming from my toes, "Fred I'm going to cum," I said. He leaned in and whispered "cum in my ass, please!" He started kissing me and we continued to fuck, then it happened, I started to cum and as I did I held Fred tight and we both moaned into each other's mouth. I could feel Fred's dick pulsing as he was shot another load.

Fred and I held each other for a long time after and kept kissing. "Fred that was fucking amazing, I don't remember the last time I came that hard while fucking someone," was all I could say. 

"Me too Alan, I came twice while you were fucking me," Fred answered. 

"I know I felt it on my stomach while we were kissing, I can't wait to do that again," I said, "lets' wash up and rinse off, but we can take our time." Fred and I did exactly that, after we were done in the sauna, I made us a quick supper with the provisions we had brought with us, left the rest for my cousin, and before leaving made sure everything was cleaned up in the kitchen, and in the sauna. We drove home as it got dark. It was almost 9:30pm when we got home, and I made sure Fred went to his place to let his mother know he was back safe and sound. I unpacked and did some laundry, Alice and Melanie were not going to be home till tomorrow afternoon and I had the day off, it was a holiday tomorrow.

As a sat on the couch I heard a knock, then the door opened and Fred walked in, "my mom says I can come watch TV with you" he said, "but I really want you to fuck me again" he smiled. I got up, closed and locked the door and brought Fred upstairs. I laid him on the bed and started making out with him, I undressed him then I undressed myself. I was feeling very aggressive, grabbed Fred's head and guided it to my cock; Fred took my cue and started sucking me off while I was still holding his head. Moaning I asked Fred if he brought his lube with him, he said yes, taking his mouth off my dick long enough to answer me. 

I took Fred and laid him on the bed. I took the lube and spread it across his ass which felt a little looser. I applied some lube to my cock, lifted his legs high and aimed my prick at his hole. As I pushed in, it went in plunge right in. I started fucking him right away. I pinned him down and started fucking him hard and fast. Fred was moaning and asking me to fuck him even harder. I kept fucking him harder and harder and after several minutes I was ready to blow another load.

Fred came again as I started to blow my load deep in his ass. We both groaned as we came. I'm sure the neighbors must have heard us. I collapsed on Fred and we held each other like lovers. I knew we were going to continue seeing each other for some time. We got dressed, went downstairs and watched some TV till Fred left, I kissed him goodnight as he asked when the girls were coming back. "Later tonight," I answered. Fred left and I got a book to read. 

I was lying on the couch when the girls came in, Alice looked at me and asked "long weekend?" 

I looked at her and said "Yes. I did everything I had to do and more."