 I was on my fishing boat, working the coves of my favorite lake all afternoon on this warm summer day, with limited success I might add. I spotted him just as I was coming around a bend. He was all alone tanning on the white sand beach, a healthy and stout looking young man with blonde hair, his body was smooth with a swimmers build. I was surprised to see that he was sunbathing in the nude. I was also surprised at the way my cock twitched when I looked at his piece of meat. I would guess about 4" long soft, cut, resting on a substantial set of hairless balls. I was shocked at myself. I had never even thought about having sex with another man but here I was ogling this guys flaccid penis. He hadn’t noticed me yet as my boat runs very quietly with my trolling motor on. After having consumed a few Corona’s that afternoon I was feeling a little bold, plus I had to piss like a race horse so I decided to beach my boat right there. 

As my boat hit the sand, I kept my eyes glued to the tanned naked young man not 20 feet from where I was landing my boat. The noise scared him and he jumped up and grabbed his towel to try and cover himself. I jumped out of my boat and pulled it up on to the sand. I told him not to worry about me, I was just going to take a leak and get back to fishing. This young man waved to me and laid back down upon his towel. I don’t know if it was the beer or the sun or a combination of both, but I couldn't get the vision of his dick out of my mind and it was making me very horny. With my back to him I pushed the waist band of my shorts down and pulled out my stiffening 7" of cut cock and began to piss against a large size rock. I gave out one of those "oh god this piss feels so good moans" as my urine flow turned into a trickle and then stroked it a few times just to get the last few drops out. I was trying to stuff my half hard cock back into my shorts when I heard "If ya shake it more than twice that means your playing with it" 

I whirled around and was face to face with the sunbather, I hadn’t even heard him walk up behind me. He said I heard you peeing and it made me have to go. I said the rock’s all yours. He said thanks, by the way my names Scott. I said good to meet you my names Danny. Scott kept on talking as he was peeing against the rocks. He said you look a little overheated there, would you like to have a cold beer? I accepted his offer. I was a little uncomfortable sitting next the still naked and uncovered Scott trying to make small talk and hide my now raging boner. 

As we slugged down the frosty cold ones Scott suggested we go for a swim. He didn’t even wait for a reply, he just jumped up and jumped in. I heard him let out a yelp as he hit the colder than he thought water. I knew he was lying when he said to me come on in the waters great. I said no feeling embarrassed about my hard-on, I made up some lame excuse that Scott saw right through. He said come on, don’t worry about your boner, just get in the water. I thought to myself, fuck it, I want to swim. I stood up, pulled off my tank top and dropped my shorts. My dick sprang up and I heard Scott give a sarcastic wolf whistle, saying look at that. I ran and jumped in the water, It was cold but it felt good. 

We swam around for a little while and climbed out. The cold water had taken care of my hard-on. He threw me a towel and we lied down in the sun to dry off. The sun was warming up my body and my dick began to stiffen again. All the sudden I felt Scotts hand wrap around my cock. It felt great. He began stroking it up and down, using his thumb to rub the head of my cock on the up strokes. I could feel my dick getting harder and harder. I knew that I'd cum pretty soon if I didn't stop him. I could feel the cum just boiling in my nuts. I told Scott that I was about to shoot. 

He stopped stroking me and told me to lay on my side and then spun around so his face was right at my cock and his was just inches from my mouth. I could feel his hot breath on the head of my rock hard pole as he reached out with his tongue and licked the pre-cum that was oozing from my slit as he jacked my shaft up and down. I almost shot right there. Scott stopped again, he knew I was close. He said "hey man, don't you want to suck my cock too? I didn't answer, I just leaned my head forward, stuck my tongue out and licked the tip. I had just tasted my first cock. A little drop of pre-cum had formed at his piss slit. I licked it off and then slid his cock into my mouth, I felt the mushroom shaped head as it parted my lips and touched my tongue. I pushed my head farther down and I could feel the shaft of his cock with my lips. I kept pushing down until he hit the back of my throat. 

Scott gave a little hip thrust just at that moment and hit my gag trigger. He said "sorry man" I regained my breath and went back to work I was bobbing my head up and down on his cock greedily drinking his pre-cum as it was flowing freely now. I had the shaft of Scotts cock in one hand, his balls in the other hand and the top of his cock in my mouth. I was working him good, I could tell by the way he was moaning and squirming around that he was enjoying my first time effort. Scott was really working on my cock now, I could feel my balls tighten up, I knew I was going to blow soon. I could tell Scott was getting close too. 

His cock was hard as steel. I was mouthing him and jacking him at the same time. I heard him say "don't stop man, I'm gonna cum and I want to cum in your mouth." All the sudden his whole body stiffened, I heard him suck his breath in and he said "I’m gonna shoot, I gonna cum right now." Then at the same instant I felt his cock give a hard twitch, I felt his first jet of hot white cum hit the back of my throat. then another twitch and another spurt of cum. I swallowed the first few spurts, after that I jacked the rest out of him while I licked up and down the shaft. After his orgasm, Scott went back to work on my hard tool. 

It didn’t take long. I could feel the cum boiling up in my nuts. I told Scott, "Man I’m gonna cum any second." Scott responded by sucking harder and jacking my shaft with his hand. I felt my cum rising in my dick, I managed to groan "I’m cumming now." I began spewing jet after jet of hot cum, Scott took the first couple of spurts in his mouth like I did then continued jacking the rest of my seed all over his face with his hand while squeezing my balls. 

After we regained our composure we ran and jumped in the lake to clean up. I told Scott that was the best blow job I had ever had, He said I didn’t do so bad myself. I gave Scott my camp site location and asked him to come party with me later...

      (to be continued) Maybe…