 Today was all about me day, I was determined that I was going to spend today doing what I wanted too.

I cruised over to my favourite Public Toilet, this is where I liked to get off, the smells the excitement, the not knowing whether anyone will be there already, or whether they want any sex even if they are there.

I walked through the outer door and in to the stale smelling room, the urinal ran the length of the wall, there were a row of sinks along another wall, the Cubicles were facing the Urinal.

I quickly took in my surroundings, all the cubicle doors but one were open, no one else was visible in the Toilet, I walked over to the Urinal and undid my Jeans, the top button and then the zipper, I reached inside and took out my semi hard cock, the cool air washed over my cock and I started to slowly stroke it. I turned my head to the side to see behind me, the cubicle door was still shut, but if anyone was watching me they would know that I was interested in sex.

I looked forward again and continued to slowly stroke my stiffening cock, now my cock is not huge it's 6 inches when fully erect, it is quite chunky though, which people seem to like, my cock is uncut, and I like to pull my foreskin way back to expose the thick head of my cock. I spat in to my palm and started to stroke the saliva onto my Cock, it feels good as it starts to glide over my cock and I start to moan a little to myself.

I glance over my shoulder again and notice that the cubicle door isn't closed shut anymore, I still can't see in to the cubicle, but, the door is slightly ajar now. I turn a little more so that I am now sort of standing side view on to the cubicle, anyone who was possibly watching me from inside there would clearly get a good view of my stiff cock and could watch me stroking it. Just as I am getting bolder with the confidence that whom ever is in that cubicle is watching me, and not only that, they probably want more than to just watch.

I hear a noise as someone is opening the main door to the Toilet, I quickly curse my luck and turn to face the urinal, as the person enters the toilet I turn to see who they are, you can never be to careful in a public place, it could be the Police. A man who looks in his late thirties possibly mid 40's walks in, he's around 6 feet tall and is wearing jeans and a shirt.

He doesn't head to the Cubicles but walks over to the urinal and then stands several feet away from me, I can hear him unzip, I want to take a quick peek but instinct tells me to wait, don't do anything to draw suspicion yet. I keep my eyes glued firmly in front of me and looking slightly downwards, I have turned enough to the opposite side so that he can't see my hard cock, my ears are acutely listening to what is happening around me. 

It is what seems like a few minutes have passed and the guy is still at the urinal, I decide to take a quick look, as I glance round I notice that he is stood facing the wall, I look away again, then I hear him sniffing a little, I look back around and this time he also looks at me, he looks me up and down quite openly, I turn so that I am facing the front more and bring my cock slightly in to his view, I glance over to him and I see that he is now facing more towards me and I can now see his big hard cock, he has got it facing up towards his belly and his hand is slowly stroking it.

His cock is beautiful, it is a good 8 inches and looks thick, I so want to get hold of it, I want to feel it in my hand, I can feel my mouth opening as I slide my lips over the head of it and down the shaft. 

I look over my shoulder at the cubicle door, it is still slightly open, it looks more open than before.

The guy at the urinal turns to face me, we are a few feet apart but I am determined to cut that distance down to no feet apart, I turn and face him also, both of our cocks are now in full view of anyone watching from the cubicle. We stand there briefly stroking our cocks and looking at each other with a hunger for sex.

I decide to be the one to make the bold move of approaching him and touching his cock first, I whisper to him "you have a lovely big cock, is it ok for me to touch it"? Yes, it's ok, came his reply, you can do what you like to it, he said that with a smile on his face and a glint in his eye.

A little worried about the guy in the cubicle I turned to see if it was ok, as I turned my head I could see that the door to the cubicle was now wide open and there stood this tall, dark, handsome man he was a well dressed man, he had on suit trousers, cleanly polished black dress shoes (brogues) a pale blue dress shirt with a dark blue tie, the black leather belt to his trousers was still fashioned but his big cock was poking out of the zipper to his trousers.

That was all the encouragement I needed, returning my attention to the guy stood in front of me I stroked his cock while running my thumb over the slit of his cock, I glanced at the well dressed guy stood at the cubicle entrance, then I lent forward and took the guys cock in my mouth, I only briefly took it in, then I released it and started to lick the head of it, then the length of it, slowly I traced my tongue along and around his thick hard cock, as I did so I gazed at the dark well dressed stranger who hadn't taken his eyes off of me yet, he licked at his lips while stroking his cock.

Now, in situations like these I tend to get very carried away and very excited, this often results in me Cumming very quickly, which I really don't mind as I prefer to get the guy or guys I'm with off, that is what turns me on, watching them Cumming for me, watching them getting the pleasure as I suck them and let them fuck me,

I open my mouth and start to suck on his cock again, slowly I take as much of him in to my mouth as I can, I can feel his thick cock touching the back of my mouth, I relax and allow more of his cock in to me and then I move my head back and suck and lick back up the length of his thick hot shaft. As I start to get in to a rhythm I decide it is time to invite the smart dressed guy to come over so that I can feel and taste his beautiful specimen of a cock.

The smart dressed guy quickly walks over, he pulls me up and plants a long hot wet kiss right on to my lips, I almost melt in to his arms, the other guy is now slowly stroking my cock, at that moment in time I just want to cum all over them both, I want to feel my cum exploding from my cock as these 2 guys treat me to their cocks. The well dressed guy breaks away from our kiss, he turns to the other guy, leans in and kisses him also, as he breaks away from kissing him, he licks the other guys lips he sucks his lip in to his mouth, then says - Suck his cock ...

The other guy quickly drops to his knees and then takes my cock in to his mouth, he easily swallows my entire length, I can feel his mouth and throat as my cock disappears down inside, I can feel his tongue snaking along the shaft of my cock, dancing circles and shapes around by Bell end, he is pulling gently on my balls while he continues to take all of me. The well dressed guy has lifted up my t shirt and has started to lick and suck on my nipples, I know I am only seconds away from Cumming, I tilt my head back as I try to control my breathing, the well dressed man has pushed my jeans down further and my cock, balls and arse are now completely exposed, anyone walking in now would clearly see what was going on and there is no way any of us would be able to hide it (that is definitely one of the frills that excites me about sex in Public Places). As my breathing is growing more ragged and my hips are fucking this beautiful guys mouth, I can feel the well dressed guys hands stroking my butt, he is licking and sucking and nibbling my nipples and his hands stroke my butt cheeks, I let out a groan that I am going to CUM, the guy sucking my cock releases his grip on my cock a little just as I explode my hot cum into his mouth, I can feel him sucking and drinking down my cum, as my first shots of cum explode from me, the well dressed guy smacked my arse cheeks, not to hard but enough to sting a little and that definitely added to the enjoyment of it all/

He finished off sucking my cock dry, I pulled my cock from his mouth, it looked lovely and clean as it glistened in the dim light of the Toilet. As he stood he pulled me to him and kissed me, allowing me to taste my juices mixed with his mouth, his tongue snaked in to my mouth, he then started to kiss my chin and then my neck.

The well dressed man leaned in to me and said quietly, how would you like more of that but somewhere more private?

Oh yes, I replied, without any hesitation, I knew I wanted it. I looked at the other guy and said, what about him, is he invited also?

The well dressed man smiled at me and said, yes, he is invited also, infact we are really good friends.

I looked at them both, and then realised that I had been set up, not that I minded. I see I said, so you planned this did you.

The well dressed man explained to me, that after he had seen me stroking my cock, and the look I had in my eyes, he had sent his friend who had been waiting outside in his car a text saying, there is some hot cock in here, come and get some.

I looked at them both and said, I am glad that you did anyway, I am so horny and I really want both of your big cocks, lets get going.

We tidied ourselves up and left the Toilet together, the smart dressed guy said that he would ride in my car so that he could give me directions, it wasn't easy to concentrate because the 10 minute car journey involved him stroking his cock while he gave me directions to were I was going, I even watched him cum, I reached over and wiped his cum on to my fingers and then licked it all off while steering with 1 hand, thank god for automatic cars.