 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*
DONAVAN

I have a dirty little secret to tell. It's a secret that I've kept for a long, long time. I never thought that I could share such a secret with anyone, until I read that there are others out there, just like me. 

My story begins when I was about eighteen years old. I was full of raging hormones and racing thoughts about sex. Every thing I thought about had a sexual undertone to it. I found that I masturbated a lot, and was able to get off on just about anything. But I think the one thing that turned me on the most back then, was the first time that I saw my father's bulging cock. It had been one night after I had gone to bed. I got up from my sleep having to piss really badly. I didn't think twice about looking to see if someone was in there before I went in. My dick was hard with having to pee so badly, that I just flung the door open and rushed in with my dick already pulled out of my pajamas. 

I was totally surprised to see my father standing over the sink, jerking at his large, stiff cock as I reached for the toilet seat and lifted it. He looked at me and smiled as I relieved my bladder, staring straight into the toilet as I did so. As hard as I tried not to look at the large slab of meat as I pissed, I could still see it out of the corner of my eye. I kind of thought it strange that he made no move to put it away. He just kept his hand still and I could see his dick throbbing under his heavy hand. 

I hurried up and shook myself off and turned toward the door to go back to bed. My father touched a hand to my shoulder and smiled. "We men have to take care of things like this from time to time," he said. I smiled with embarrassment and stood there frozen as his hand began to move slowly down my arm. I was very curious with wondering if my dick would be that big and fat someday. I stood there for a second as my eyes went to his meat. He gave it another stroke and looked at me as I eyed his prick, and the front of my pajamas began to tent with my own hard on. 

"You do play with yours, don't you?" he asked me as he gave his dick another jerk, pulling pre-cum to the tip of its head. He looked down at the silky strand of pre-cum that was making a long silky thread toward the basin of the sink.

"Yeah, sure," I said, feeling little pulses in my balls and my dick head pressing against the front of my p.j's. 

My father motioned me to the toilet seat. "Sit down son. Let's talk." I took a seat on the closed toilet seat and trying to keep my eyes to a neutral place on the floor, as not to stare at his dick, but I could still see, and it was turning me on. I wanted to touch his, and see how it felt in my hand. I already knew what mine felt like, but I'd never seen anything like his. I folded my hands in my lap, pressing them down against my dick. "You're excited seeing your old man's cock, aren't you?" I wasn't sure how to respond to that question. I just kept my eyes lowered and nodded my head yes. 

I saw his feet move closer to me, and then his hand touched the underneath of my chin. "Would you like to touch it?" I looked up at him now and smiled faintly. "Sure," I whispered. He took my hand and placed it on his oversized shaft. I could feel his pulse throbbing and its large pink head looked as if it were ready to explode. "Go on, give it a good squeeze," he said as his hand began to rub my palm up and then back down the length of his dick. He let out a little moan of pleasure and looked at me smiling. "I bet your cock is just as plump and hard as mine is." I felt my cheeks redden and I wasn't sure how to tell him that it indeed was as hard as his, but not as big. "Come on, let me see it. Take it out for your old man. Let me see how much it's grown."

I took my free hand and stuck it in the opening of my p.j's, pulling my dick free. He smiled and licked his lips. "Ahh, I see it coming along just fine." He moved his hand from mine and I left it on his dick motionless. He moved his hand to the head of my dick and ran his middle finger over the slit. I jumped at his touch and closed my eyes, feeling how wonderfully warm my father's fingers felt on the tip of my dick. "Ahh, you like that aye?" I opened my eyes and looked back to his dick where my hand remained there like it was frozen, and his pre-cum was running between the back of my fingers.

He stepped between my parted legs and touched a hand to the back of my neck. He looked down at me with love and admiration in his eyes. "Taste it son," he whispered, pulling my head closer to his dick head, and the dripping pre-cum that was lingering on its slit. I stuck my tongue out slightly as he grazed the slick juice over my tongue. It didn't taste like anything, but it was slippery and warm. I struck my tongue out a little farther, and this time he slipped passed my lips and into my mouth. "That's it," he said, closing his eyes and leaning his head back. "Taste your daddy's cock." His hand groped around for my dick, and pulled on its tip, just under the sensitive head. I found myself inching closer to him so that he could get his hand around it better. When I did, he squeezed it, jerking it upward with gentle pressure causing me to moan against his cock. 

I opened my mouth farther allowing him to go deeper in. I could smell his pubes and the maleness of his skin as I started to slurp on his bulbous cock head. A few minutes later he released my dick and started convulsing and jerking. I felt empty without his hand on me, so I picked up where he'd left off myself. He pulled himself out of my mouth and stepped back to the sink as the first jets of his cum squirted out. I watched in awe as his cock splashed its contents into the sink as he jerked it hard and violently. I was so caught up in watching him that I hadn't noticed that I was jerking my own dick, and it was now pulsing out its own liquid. 

I looked down to see my hand covered with my white liquid, and my father pulling the last few drops off his cock with his fingers. He looked at me and smiled, "That was damn good wasn't it?" He tucked his cock back into his pajamas and looked down at my fingers that were covered in cum. "You'd better clean that off before it dries, and get to bed."

He patted me on the shoulder and stepped out of the bathroom. I sat there a few minutes as my brain caught up with what had just happened. I heard his bedroom door shut as I looked down at the large amount of cum that had covered my hand and was dropping onto my p.j's. I stared at my hand and my dick for a long time, before touching my tongue to my own cum and tasting it. I had wished in that moment that I had allowed my father to blow his load in my mouth instead of the sink. I stepped to the sink where his cum lay. I dipped a finger into it and put it to my lips, tasting it. It was definitely more pungent that my own, but the taste of it on my tongue and the knowledge that it had come from my father, made it taste even better. I took a couple of more tastes, wishing that he had cum in my mouth rather than the sink. My dick was getting hard all over again from the mere thought. I washed the rest of it down the drain and returned to bed to jerk off and think about the chance of tasting my father's cum again, but next time I was going to taste it straight from his faucet, instead of the basin of the sink.