 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*

My uncle is a loser. He's 32 and has only been able to hold a job for 3 months. He lives with my grandmother, and all he does is play Guitar Hero, with some occasional partying. He also believes in all these stupid ass conspiracy theories, like the illuminati, Hillary Clinton, Government coverups, and God knows what else. The only thing he has going for himself is his height (6'3"), and his decent looks (180 pounds, rough looking face, and a fair amount of body hair). I've been told by family that our faces kind of look alike, but that's about the end of our similarities. I'm 18, 5'7", 115 pounds (skinny as fuck), and I barely have any body hair, it sucks.

I don't hate him, but I wouldn't die for him either; he just gets annoying if you spend too much time with him. Hanging out with him every once in awhile is okay, like at family gatherings, or when he stays the night with us. I just get pissed off because all he does is eat, sleep, and complain about his life. He doesn't work for shit and has everything handed to him. For fuck's sake he's 32!!! The sad part is even he knows this. He has even said that he's gonna die alone, because he's not going to change his ways and no girl is going to want him in his current state.

Today he asked me to come hang out and spend the night at my grandmother's house (she's currently away in another state, so he's there by himself). I didn't want to say yes, but I know he's bored and he is family.... so I did, I told him I'd be over there in a little bit. I packed my shit then headed out on the 40 minute drive to get there. I also stopped to buy some food to bring with me because I'm a picky eater. I knew it was going to be a shitty night because my grandmother doesn't have internet at her house. 

I finally get there, unpack, and of course he's playing Guitar Hero in nothing but his boxers. I can't really blame him though, it's hot and the AC doesn't work too well in my grandmother's house, that and I love the eye candy, even though that sounds so wrong. Not that any of my family know that I'm gay though. Anyways, I played Guitar Hero with him, and then later we started watching conspiracy theories on YouTube via the wifi on our phones. I don't even remember what the fuck we watched, probably something about how bush did 9/11 or some other bullshit like that (he actually believes this shit too).

Now it's time to eat. While I'm eating my pizza, he's eating some shit like rice or something and drinking his beer, his food smells bad, but then again, I'm just picky and hate 99.9% of food. For some reason, he keeps readjusting his crotch. It's probably the heat. I bet it's all sweaty and shit, which kind of turned me on in a way. I couldn't help but to take some peaks once in awhile, I could tell his dick had to be at least 6 inches soft. All this was going on while we talked about random shit and life.

It's about time to go to sleep, so I started brushing my teeth, washing my face, and putting all my acne gels/creams on (it's tedious, I have to put that shit everywhere, even on my ass). I told my uncle goodnight and went to the coach to go to sleep. Now usually I sleep naked, but I don't want my uncle seeing my dick if for some reason blanket falls off me while I'm sleeping, so I put on one of my jockstraps. My ass is hanging out, but who cares? At least it's not my dick. I could hear my uncle playing some football game in his bedroom. He usually stays up all night and sleeps during the day, so I probably won't get the best sleep tonight.

I woke up in the middle of the night with a wet tingling feeling around my ass. I couldn't see anything, and I couldn't move. I was stuck face down on the couch. I started to panic and ask what the fuck was going on. 

"Relax, I need some pussy and your ass is all I've got." he sounded totally wasted, I thought. 

"But we're family, I yelled. It's just not right" 

"Bro, I know you're gay, you've been staring at my dick all day, not to mention when I came to get something to drink from the fridge, you had your ass just hanging out there for the taking! I may not be gay, but a hole is a hole, and you know I haven't had sex in years."

"Uncle, please, you can't do this."

"I'm going to fuck this ass boy, and you're going to fucking love it. You'll be screaming my name, begging me to fuck you."

While we were arguing he still had his tongue in my ass, and I still couldn't move. Nothing I said was going to change his mind. He was going to fuck me, so I had to at least make the most out of it and try to enjoy it. His tongue going around up my ass did feel good. I couldn't help but moan a little bit. 

"I told you that you'd like it, faggot. Now get ready boy because my dick's about to be in your sweet ass."

The thought of his dick going up my ass scared me. His dick is big enough soft, God knows how big it is erect. I'm a virgin, but I have played with my ass before, but there's never been anything that big up there. He started to move my ass so that it would be hanging off of the couch, then he started placing figures in my ass while saying dirty things to me.

"You want my dick, don't you boy? Answer me" Then he slapped my ass really hard. 

"Answer me boy, or it'll get worse"

"Please stop, this isn't rig" and then he spanked me again before I could even finish what I was saying. I wanted it to stop, but unless I went along with him it was only going to get worse, so I said "Yes I want your dick inside of me. Please fuck me uncle."

"That wasn't so hard, now was it boy? Here comes my dick, I don't have any lube so you'll have to man up and take it like the faggot you are."

Then it happened, his dick was at my hole and he started pushing forward. I couldn't help but scream while his dick kept pushing inside my virgin hole. The head of his dick finally popped inside of me. Without warning, he shoved his dick all the way up inside my hole, all in one thrust. It was the most agonizing feeling I've ever felt. I can't do this, this is how I'm going to fucking die. I'm going to die by being fucked in my ass by my uncle.

"Take it the fuck out, I screamed" 

"Shut the fuck up slut, your pussy is mine." he said as he forced my mouth shut with his hands. "You should be honored to be useful to a man like me and take my dick. Thanks to me you're no longer a virgin, and your ass will forever belong to me boy. You're going to start coming over for visits weekly to pleasure me. That's all you are to me, a hole to put my dick in."

Although he shoved his dick all the way up my ass, he made slow thrusts. At this point the numbness and pain in my ass was starting to turn into pleasure. The words he said may have not been loving, but his dick felt loving. I started to actually like being fucked. He would spin his dick around in my ass while pushing his fingers into my mouth and licking my neck. I may not have been able to see anything going on, but I could just image how hot he looked right now. With his dick all the way up his virgin nephew's ass, I mean he used to bathe me when I was little, and now he's fucking me. Just thinking about that made me horny to no end. I no longer wanted him to stop, I wanted to be his slut. I don't care if he only wants my hole, as long he keeps filling it up. I started moaning like crazy. 

"Starting to like it now, faggot? I knew you would. I guess it's about time to start showing you how a man really fucks a pussy. I hope you're ready." Soon after saying that, he started pounding my ass. He would pull his dick all the way out and shove it back in. It felt so fucking amazing. I sounded like a whore in heat, I couldn't stop moaning. Then all of a sudden he pulled out his dick all the way out. 

"I'm not gonna continue until you tell me how bad you want my dick. I want you to beg for it bitch!" 

Softly I said, "please fuck me uncle."

"What was that boy? I couldn't hear you. Speak up."

"I want your dick inside me uncle, please fuck me, I'm a slut and I need to be filled with your dick."

"That sounds better boy, I know you need my dick in your tight ass, you've probably have even dreamed about it. I bet you wish you could see my dick disappearing into your hole. God made you to take dick, that's all you're built for." he said as he kept pounding and slapping my ass. "I'm about to cum, get ready to take my load. I'm going to fill you up."

He started to really pound me while moaning and grunting. I was in heaven, and I never wanted to leave. I said, "yeah fuck me uncle, fuck my ass, it belongs to you." I think that sent him over the edge, because not too soon after he started yelling "fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck! I'm cumming." Then it came, I could feel his dick twitching inside of my ass as it filled it up. He had his arms wrapped around my torso, then he just fell onto me. I pulled my dick out of my jockstrap and started jerking off while he lied on top of my back. Shortly after I started feeling something else fill me up. It was a lot warmer. Then it dawned on me that he was filling me up with his piss. I couldn't help but cum, it was the best orgasm I've ever had. Cum went all over the couch, it was a mess. Then I felt my uncle pull out and get up. I turned around and got up, I could barely stand while my legs were shaking from the pounding I had just received. My uncle didn't say a word, he just starting walking back to his bedroom. I went to the bathroom and got cleaned up, then I went to clean my cum off of the couch. I can't believe that this actually happened. It felt like a dream. This can't be real life, I mean, I just got fucked by my uncle! I had a hard time falling back to sleep, but I eventually did.

When I woke up he was making breakfast. Everything was normal, he didn't act weird or anything. Was he too drunk? Does he not remember? I kept thinking to myself about what happened last night, and he doesn't even seem to remember. I didn't want things to go back to normal, I wanted his dick, but now the question is how am I going to get him to fuck me? I guess I'll have some time to think about things on my way home. After eating breakfast, I started packing my things up to head home. I had work later, or I would've asked to stay another night. Isn't that crazy? I came over here thinking I'd be bored to death, and now I'm leaving as my uncle's cock whore. Now I just have to figure out how to get him to fuck me again. Wish me luck.