 I told you some while ago about the day I met Terry, the young guy who runs the fitness club which I joined. Since that first sexual encounter we've had others which we've both enjoyed, and I've also made friends with other gays in my art college where I'm now in my second year.

I didn't consider any of my sexual activities worthy of another story until last week when, quite unexpectedly, I met a young lad of eighteen called Richard who had a sudden and devastating effect on me.

Every Thursday morning in college we have a three-hour life class in order to improve our drawing ability. As this particular Thursday was a warm and sunny spring day, I decided to save the bus fare and walk to college. I arrived rather early before the studio was open so I sat in the nearby canteen and treated myself to a bottle of coke and a packet of crisps from the machine. I had only just slung my bag on one of the tables when I saw a young guy walk into the canteen and look around. He was dressed in a white T-shirt and jeans and looked a bit younger than I. I couldn't remember seeing him before. He was quite good looking and had a shock of curly light brown hair.

The only other students in the canteen were two groups of girls a few tables away who were busy chatting and giggling, so the young chap looked at me and walked over.

"Hi!" he said. "Can you tell me where the life class room is please?"

I pointed through the door at the other end of the room. "Yes, it's just through there. It has a notice on the door ‘Life Class in progress. Please knock and wait.'"

"Thanks," he said, and turned to walk towards the door.

"It's not open yet," I said. "It's a bit early."

He hesitated looking rather nervous and a bit worried, I tried to help.

"Why don't you sit down," I said. "Jamie, the tutor should be along soon and he'll open up. By the way, I'm Martin," I said.

"I'm Richard," he replied. He sat nervously on the edge of his chair and held his bag on his lap. I knew he wasn't a member of the life class so I said, "Are you looking for someone?"

He looked straight at me and gave a slight laugh. "No, not really. . . well, yes, I suppose I'm looking for the class tutor. Did you say his name was Jamie?"

"That's right." I was getting curious. "Are you joining the class then?" I asked.

He gave another nervous laugh and looked quickly down at the table. "Oh no. I'm the model."

At this I suddenly became more than a little interested. Since the beginning of term we had had a series of female models of all ages, shapes and sizes. As I'm gay, looking at a naked female is about as interesting to me as looking at yesterday's gravy. The chance of drawing a male model definitely increased my interest in the life class. I became more welcoming.

"Oh, that's great," I enthused. "It'll be such a change drawing a male model. Have you done any modelling before?"

"No, absolutely none." He looked directly at me and smiled showing a row of perfect white teeth. "I don't know how good I'll be. In fact I'm quite nervous about it. I expect there will be some girls in the class won't there?"

I could see he was a bit concerned about this so I dismissed his worry with a wave of my hand. "Oh, don't worry about them. They'll be all giggles and chat as usual. You know what females are like."

His smile faded and he looked down at his clasped hands. "Oh yes, I know exactly what females are like." His face took on a serious expression as he quietly said these words.

Suddenly I thought of a way to cheer him up and give him some confidence. "As you've never done any modelling before, would you like to see my sketch book so you can get some idea of how to pose?"

He brightened at this suggestion and smiled again. "Oh yes please. That would be great. If I can see what you've done before I'll have some idea of what to do."

I went through my sketch book with him pointing out the poses which were more interesting to draw. He seemed impressed.

"Wow!" he said. "These are all very good. Is everyone here as good as you at life drawing?"

I gave a chuckle. "Well. . . there are four of us who consistently get the best grades. We aim to please, you know." He laughed.

As I snapped my sketch book shut Jamie came striding in through the doorway.

"Ah, the man himself," I said. "Come on. I'll introduce you." 

Jamie went briskly across the room, unlocked the door and entered the life class studio. Richard and I followed close behind him. After introducing Richard, Jamie looked quite pleased and said, "Yes, the Secretary told me we had a male model today. I'm glad about that. I think the class are getting a bit fed up with the endless stream of females."

I left the two of them chatting as Jamie explained a few things. I set up my drawing board on the easel. By now a few other students had started to saunter in and take up a position. There were generally no more than 10 or 12 students who came to the class. It ran for three hours with a break in the middle. Some students left after the first session to attend other lectures.

After pointing Richard in the direction of the changing room, Jamie walked to the middle of the studio and stood on the dais. He glanced at his watch and then surveyed the students. "OK folks, we'll make a start but I just want to say a few words to point you in the right direction with today's work. Today we have a male model, Richard. This will make a nice change after the long spell we've had with female models, but there are a few things you must bear in mind, especially those of you who are not all that good at figure drawing." He glanced meaningfully at a trio of first year girls who seemed to think that a life class was a place to attend in order to chat and giggle. Their smiles disappeared and they suddenly took an interest in the floor in front of them.

Jamie continued: "You don't need me to tell you the obvious differences between males and females but there are more subtle differences that you won't see unless you use your eyes; after all that's what I do in these life classes - I teach you to see. Let's think about some of the differences between a male and a female figure. Bear in mind that the female figure has 80% more fat than the male." Some of the girls looked up rather shocked.

"Sorry girls, but don't blame me; I didn't arrange it. It's part of life, so get used to it. In the life class situation it means that you can't get away with curved lines when drawing a male; you have to study the main muscles carefully and draw them individually. The shoulders of the male are much broader than the female. This is what gives him 60% extra upper body strength, so be careful not to use the same width we've been using for months past."

At this point Richard emerged from the changing room dressed in a long brown robe which hung loosely around him. He sauntered into the middle of the room and stood by the dais. Jamie briefly smiled at him and then continued: "One last important feature is that the male hips are narrower than the female. We'll follow the usual procedure: half an hour or so of quick three-minute poses to loosen up, then a longer pose for about 45 minutes. After the break we'll have one long pose for the rest of the session."

Jamie waved Richard onto the dais. "Thank you Richard. Over to you."

As Richard stepped onto the dais, Jamie suddenly added: "Oh, yes, the great artist Michelangelo said that the male figure was the perfect shape, so today I shall expect some perfect drawings." He paused and smiled - "Some hope!"

Richard took off his robe, let it drop at the side of the dais, and took up an ordinary standing pose. He was facing roughly in my diredction but slightly to the side. I gave a little inward gasp. He had what I always think is the perfect body for a young man. His skin was tanned and smooth and his muscles were well in evidence but not over-developed. He just looked firm and fit. I swallowed hard as I started my first sketch. I knew immediately that I just had to get to know this guy better. I found myself heartily agreeing with Michelangelo's opinion of the male body. I even dared to hope that Richard might be gay.

The students were positioned all around the edge of the room, two or three along each wall. I was sitting alone in one of the corners. The girls sat, mainly in groups of two or three along two of the walls with one or two boys between them. As Richard continued posing I realised that when he faced the girls he managed to keep his genitals concealed either by taking up a sitting position or by kneeling with one hand out in front of him. I wondered whether he was a bit shy or whether he was deliberately teasing them.

I also noticed that when he faced my corner he gave me a blantantly open view of everything, sometimes flashing me the briefest of smiles as he did so. As we neared the end of the quick poses he stood facing me and I noticed that his penis was arcing outwards slightly, giving me a beautiful view of his exposed testicles on either side. They hung like bluish-pink grapes ready to be eaten; I really wished I could be the one to taste them. In my imagination I could visualise my hand slowly sliding beneath them in a sexy caress. His pubic hair was not shaved but was trimmed quite short.

Another thing that grabbed me was the way he moved between poses. His broad shoulders, narrow waist and hips seemed to conspire to sway around in a sexually attractive swirl; he really was poetry in motion and caused a definite stirring between my legs.

His final quick pose was so blatantly sexy that I was almost positive he was trying to get me interested in him. I almost knew he must be gay. I can only describe his pose as stunning. Facing in my direction he knelt down with his legs spread wide on each side of his delicious, tanned body. He ran both hands up into his hair and turned his head to look down to his side, at the same time giving a sexy curve to his body. I looked between his legs and saw that the curve of his penis kept it just above the dais and his gorgeous rounded testicles just brushed it. In my imagination I was cupping his testicles and sucking his penis to an erection in my mouth. So engaged was I in just looking, that I didn't start to draw for a full half minute. How I loved that provocative naked pose! It would make a marvellous oil painting. But more about that later.

All the while Jamie had been wandering around commenting on the students' work and helping where necessary. Then he announced the longer pose. This, of course, had to be more comfortable, so there was nothing spectacular about it although I enjoyed just looking and drawing this fascinating guy.

Eventually Jamie looked at his watch and said we'd break for fifteen minutes. I quickly put my papers on top of my portfolio case and walked over to Richard who was putting on his robe. "Well done, Richard!" I said. "That's the best session we've had this year. I reckon you're a natural. I loved the poses."

As I stressed the word "loved" I noticed that he looked me straight in the eyes and smiled.

"Would you like a coffee?" I asked. As you're such a good model I'll treat you to show my appreciation."

He smiled again. "Thanks Martin! That would be great."

"Don't worry about getting changed to go into the cafe," I said. "Just keep your robe on. I'll bring the coffees in here. While you're waiting you can have a look at my drawings and see what I've done to you."

As Jamie and the other students had all gone out for a drink, when I returned Richard was alone in the studio. He was sitting in my corner looking at the drawings. I sat down by his side and handed him his coffee.

"Well?" I asked, "What do you think of my efforts at drawing you?"

"I'm very impressed, but I think you've flattered me."

"Not at all. I think you have a very attractive figure. These drawings are just how I see you." He gave a quiet laugh and looked me straight in the eyes.

"Really?"

"Really!"

Richard looked again at my drawings, "Tell me," I said, "Am I right in thinking that you were teasing the girls?"

He gave a loud laugh and covered his face with his hands. "Oh dear, it showed did it?"

"Well, I noticed anyway," I replied. "What was the reason?"

He suddenly became serious and looked straight at me. "There are two reasons. First of all, I was just a bit shy as this was my first attempt at modelling, and I'm not very interested in girls. I might as well tell you - I'm gay."

Now it was my turn to laugh. "That's a relief. So am I," I exclaimed as I held out my hand. Richard shook it warmly.

"Now you know why some of my poses in your direction were. . . um. . . different. I was really hoping you were gay too." We both laughed at this.

"Would you be interested in doing some modelling for me?" I asked. "I've got a fairly large room in my student accommodation. That's where I do a lot of my drawing and painting."

"I'd love to," he replied. "When do you want me?"

"Oooh. What a question!" I replied with some meaning. "How about this evening?"

"That's fine," he replied.

"About seven?"

"Right! Just tell me where you live."

"I'll draw you a map at the end of the class," I said.

Soon, most of the students and Jamie returned and we started on the one long pose. Richard lay face down slightly on his side so I had a wonderful view of his firm, smooth, rounded butt. I couldn't help thinking that, with any luck, I might get more closely acquainted with it that evening.