 For Gracie's Daddy

* * * * * *

Philip had been a part of our household for almost a week. My uncle, Will, Philip and I were having our breakfast in the bedroom on trays that Will and Philip had thoughtfully provided.

"I had meant to tell you earlier but it somehow slipped my mind," my uncle said, "that I need to be away most of the day on business. The always obliging Will of course will accompany me so I'm afraid that you two young men will have to find your own entertainment."

"Your timing couldn't be more fortuitous." I replied. "I've received word that Mr. Steinberg has completed my first suit and I had intended stopping by there today. Also, I've been summoned by the Major and Philip has kindly offered to take me shopping for some necessaries."

I had adopted the nickname of "The Major" as was common among his intimates for my new friend and banker whom I had met at the gymnasium.

"I'm sure that Philip can keep you out of mischief. Would that I could somehow be as effective in the case of wanton Will." my uncle said.

"How, may I ask, am I to get up to mischief when I'm constantly at your beck and call, running and carrying, waiting on you and being your satrap, serving you like you're a rajah? When even my innocent slumbers are subject to your vile interferences?" Will asked my uncle.

"Aaah! Perhaps there is method in my madness?" my uncle replied. "Idle hands are the devil's workshop."

"Really? And what are all of those hands making for you in your workshop, you old devil?" Will asked.

* * * * * *

Philip and I hired a carriage and driver from the stable my uncle frequented and the two of us embarked on our adventure.

I had not seen Mr. Steinberg for what seemed like a long time, though in reality it was a mere matter of days. I was anxious to introduce him to Philip and see if there was an attraction there such as I myself felt for the two of them.

Philip instructed the driver as to our destination and we sat and watched the passing scenery. It was one of those fine spring days when fresh breezes blow through the town and everything seems newly minted, sparkling in the sunlight.

After only a short time we arrived at Mr. Steinberg's establishment. I tried the knob and found the door unlocked, meaning that he was unoccupied with a customer. Philip and I entered the shop and Mr. Steinberg came through the curtained doorway that led to the back workroom.

"Well, my favorite new customer!" Mr. Steinberg said. "And who is the young gentleman with you?"

I was so happy to see my friend again that I impulsively rushed forward and wrapped him in an embrace. Rather than rebuffing me, Mr. Steinberg returned my embrace and kissed me upon both cheeks. Stepping back I suddenly felt embarrassed at my forwardness.

"Mr. Steinberg, this is Philip. He has graciously consented to be my companion and educate me as to the ways of city life. Philip, this is Mr. Steinberg."

"It is a pleasure to meet you." Philip said. "I have heard much about you. All of it most complimentary, I might add."

Philip and Mr. Steinberg shook hands warmly, Mr. Steinberg holding Philip's hand in both of his.

"I hope that you and I shall become great friends." he told Philip.

"If even only a fraction of what I've been told of your talents is true I find myself hoping that becomes the case much more than you, I believe."

"Such advance notices are a heavy responsibility." Mr. Steinberg replied. "I shall have to work all the harder to gain your approval."

Mr. Steinberg went to the door and locked it and rearranged the window coverings, then returned to us.

"You are here for your new suit?" he asked.

"That and other things." I replied, rubbing the front of his work apron over his cock. "Also, I wish to have Philip supplied with a new outfit."

"I can't accept that." Philip said.

"Nonsense, it will make me very happy and I'm sure Mr. Steinberg will enjoy the endeavor."

"I shall, indeed." Mr. Steinberg said. "First, we conduct business and then we get to those 'other things', yes?"

I had already informed Philip as to the customary routine in Mr. Steinberg's establishment and he and I proceeded to disrobe.

When we both stood totally nude before him, Mr. Steinberg surveyed our bodies.

"It is amazing to see two men built so similarly and yet so different." he said. "My job shall be twice as rewarding today. Philip, I believe we shall start with taking your measurements."

He led Philip over to the riser and gave him his hand to help him ascend. I sat watching from a stool close by as the ritual began.

Mr. Steinberg, wielding his tape, took all of the usual dimensions of Philip's body. I noticed that Philip's cock grew increasingly larger and harder as he felt Mr. Steinberg's hands explore his body until it was standing upright in front of him.

"This is an erection of truly noble proportions." Mr. Steinberg said, grasping Philip's cock and giving the shaft a few strokes. "I do believe it is of almost the same dimensions as our young friend on the stool's mighty tool."

"Isn't it beautiful, Mr. Steinberg?" I asked. "The contrasts of the flesh between the head and the shaft are something I never tire of gazing on."

"It is indeed beautiful," Mr. Steinberg said, "and for one with tastes such as mine it is also a most appetizing treat."

Mr. Steinberg bent over and licked the drop of glistening fluid that had welled upon Philip's swollen cock head.

"Much as I regret having to unhand this work of art, I'm afraid I must. Would you kindly turn around so that I may take more measurements?"

Philip turned around and both Mr. Steinberg and I were confronted with the sight of one of the most perfect asses in creation. Mr. Steinberg was powerless to resist stroking the full globes in front of him.

"I shall have to make a note to cut your trousers in a way to best display this beauty." he said.

He proceeded to gather the measurements he needed, working his way downward on Philip's body until he was at the stage of measuring his hips. The tape measure and Mr. Steinberg's fingers caressed the dark flesh, taking many notes in the process. I noticed that more than once his supple fingers slid into the deep crease between Philip's divine buttocks.

I arose from my stool, my always excitable cock engorged and swaying before me and I crossed to where the two of them stood.

"Do you have all of the necessary statistics?" I asked.

"Yes, I believe I do." Mr. Steinberg replied.

I reached out and grasped the large erect member that was tenting the front of Mr. Steinberg's apron.

"Then, may I suggest that we accomplish our other pressing business before I have my final fitting since it would only necessitate my removing another set of clothing. Besides, I'm impatient to see your breath taking body and beautiful cock and balls again."

"Probably a very wise measure as having such beautiful young men nude before me is a major distraction."

Mr. Steinberg quickly divested himself of all garments and his body appeared even more the epitome of masculine beauty to me than it had the first time. I stepped forward and pressed my body to his, his fur covered chest against my own, our erect cocks grinding against each other and my hands exploring his muscular torso and cupping the cheeks of his hard, full ass. I grasped his beautifully stiff member and showed it to Philip.

"Look at how beautiful it is." I said. "He is circumcised so that the head is always uncovered."

"It must feel wonderful when it is inside one's bottom" Philip replied.

"Which of you lovely young men will be the first to grant an old man's wishes?" he asked.

I looked at Philip and gave him a small nod.

"Mr. Steinberg, although we have just met, I have a special favor to ask of you. I know that you seemed impressed with the qualities of my back side and I was wondering if you could perhaps use that wonderfully large penis that I see to quench the hunger your caresses have inflamed?"

Philip walked over to the large table in the center of the room and rested his upper body on the surface so that his perfect ass was presented, the full cheeks slightly parted and inviting invasion.

"Fucking Philip's ass is a singular joy." I told Mr. Steinberg as I stroked his huge upright cock. "It is also a joy for him."

"I can think of only one activity that I might enjoy more." Mr. Steinberg replied as his warm fingers crept between my ass cheeks and caressed my puckered hole.

He walked over to a cabinet beneath his counter and retrieved a jar of salve, then assumed his position at Philip's welcoming ass.

He opened the jar and removed a liberal amount and used his fingertips to massage the slick paste into Philip's ass. I knew when his fingers probed the hole as Philip exhaled a long sigh.

"Allow me to prepare you for congress." I said. 

I removed a large dollop from the jar and massaged it over the steely length of Mr. Steinberg's rampant cock. My handling made the member grow longer, thicker and even harder.

I rose and stood behind him, my erect cock resting in the furrow between his muscular ass cheeks, my chest against his lightly furred back and with one hand I reached around to grasp his cock and direct it into Philip's tight hole, gazing over his shoulder the whole time.

The wide hard muscle came to rest against the tiny opening and then Mr. Steinberg slowly applied pressure with his hips. The ebony furl of Philip's ass expanded, allowing the fat cock head to slowly disappear inside. I watched, my body glued against Mr. Steinberg's, one arm around his chest so that I could hold the thick muscular shelf of his pectoral and my other hand against his abdomen, fingers spread around the thick base of his cock so that I could feel the hard meat slide deep in Philip's ass until only my hands separated the belly from the ass cheeks.

"Your cock is so thick and it delves so deep." Philip said. "My ass shall be yours to enjoy whenever you would care to."

Mr. Steinberg began to thrust his meaty cock in and out of Philip's tight ass, both of them breathing heavily. It was an incredible sight to behold, the thick vein covered muscle sliding out, only to disappear back into the hungry hole. Mr. Steinberg's hairy abdomen contrasting against Philip's wide spread dark brown ass cheeks and the ivory length of cock delving into the stretched ring of his ass were worthy of an oil painting, the sight was such a work of art.

Mr. Steinberg began to pound the willing hole more forcefully, sliding out and thrusting deep inside with a single stroke. I clung to his body, my cock rubbing against his hairy crack and my fingers teasing his erect nipple. These sensations seemed to inflame him even more.

He was soon withdrawing all of his cock except the fat head, then slamming the length of meat back into Philip's receptive hole with great force. Philip had begun to moan a soft crooning sound that I knew was his highest accolade.

I removed my hand from Mr. Steinberg's abdomen and drew it in back of him and began to rub and massage his taut buttocks. Incredibly, he began to fuck Philip even more forcefully and Philip's crooning rose a note or two in pitch. Forcing my fingers into the tight crack of his ass, I found his tightly clenched hole and fingered and massaged it.

"Oh, that is too much." he cried. "You are forcing the fluid from my balls."

I fingered his hole more vigorously and Philip cried, "Flood me with your hot sap. Fill my ass with your spunk."

Mr. Steinberg gave a loud groan and thrust his cock as deeply as is possible into Philip's hot guts. I felt his ass hole tighten and I knew that the flood was nigh. While he stood perfectly still, his invading cock emptied its load, the hot juice coating the walls of Philip's chute. Mr. Steinberg and Philip both dripped with perspiration.

"I can only marvel at your many talents." I told him.

"And I can only thank you for a superb fuck." Philip said.

"I am only a poor tailor who does what he can to please my customers." Mr. Steinberg replied, breathing hard.

"I'm willing to bet that you would have to remain open all the hours of the day and night to please the crowds who would flock to your shop if they knew of the special services on offer." I said.

"I prefer to choose my special customers and keep my special services exclusive." he said, smiling with one of his hands stroking Philip's back while the other reached behind him and stroked my hip.

With great reluctance he began to extract his softening penis from its cozy nest. I watched as the thick meat slowly reappeared and then the bulbous head pop out of the tight ring.

"I suppose we should let you get on with your work, now." I said.

"Not so fast," Mr. Steinberg replied. "My current job is only partially completed."

He grabbed Philip with both hands on his hips and spun him around, then pressed him backward until he was lying on the tabletop.

Philip's steely organ arched over his abdomen, fully erect. Mr. Steinberg grasped the fat meat at the base and held it upright, drawing back the foreskin to expose the pale head.

"I shall enjoy my first taste of this beauty." he said, then lowered his mouth and engulfed the ebony prong. I could see his cheeks moving as his tongue swabbed the velvety cock head and savored the clear fluid leaking from Philip's slit. He began to lower his head, taking the hard meat into his throat, at the same time massaging Philip's full balls with the other hand. Philip thrashed back and forth at the sensation. "I'm afraid I can't last very long after your superb fucking." he told Mr. Steinberg, which caused him to redouble his efforts to extract his nectar from Philip's cock.

I watched as Philip received the most expert ministrations to his cock and before too very long, Philip was arching his back and gasping, a sure sign of his imminent crisis. For some reason, I felt a melancholy that I could not identify. Was I jealous of Philip?

Philip's body grew rigid and he strained his swollen cock upward to bury it in Mr. Steinberg's throat. I watched as his throat muscles strained around the fat member and then as he gulped and swallowed the hot juice flooding out of Philip's balls.

Mr. Steinberg made sure that every drop had surrendered itself into his belly before he released Philip's spent cock from his throat. He slowly raised his head to free the fat meat, licking the few remaining droplets from the slit. Then he turned to where I sat once again on my stool.

He crossed over to me and sank to a crouch between my legs.

Grasping my straining cock, he moved his head forward and turned it sideways so that he was able to run both of his lips from my balls to my cock head along the underside of the shaft.

He looked up at me and said, "And now I shall have my dessert."

When his heated mouth closed around my fat cock head I leant back to better observe his toils. His hairless pate with its small beanie and his lush beard were sliding up and down, devouring my organ. His huge, bull like shoulders flexed with his efforts and I couldn't resist placing my hands on them to feel the hard muscles flexing. I was feeling a complex mix of emotions that centered on Mr. Steinberg. He had always been so kind to me and had made me feel of some consequence, something I was not used to. My fondness felt dangerously possessive, something I knew was not acceptable.

Mr. Steinberg, his mouth full of my cock, slid his hand between my ass cheeks and began to toy with my tight pucker. The feeling was intense and seemed to heighten the sensations I was feeling in my cock. I wished to surrender myself to him, to have him do anything he wished to me, to make him somehow even closer and more dear.

His labors achieved the inevitable result and I felt my cock swelling and my balls ascending in their sack. Thick gouts of cream burst from my piss slit, flooding his hungry mouth as he swallowed the bounty. 

Even after my load was spent, he continued to nurse at my cock until it finally became somewhat less rigid and then reluctantly released it.

Springing to his feet he said, "I have just had my favorite treat from my favorite customer. My day cannot improve from this moment."

His thick cock and massive balls were hanging free, relaxed after pleasuring Philip and I had every desire to drop to my knees and suck his cock back to life. Unfortunately, he had other plans.

"We must get you fitted in your new suit." he said. "I'm anxious to see how my handiwork looks upon you."

He began to dress, as did Philip, and I took my place upon the riser in the rear of the shop. Mr. Steinberg went into the back room and returned with various articles of clothing cradled in his arms.

"First, we must don your undergarments." he said. 

He lifted a few items from the bundle that he had rested on my stool and I saw that he had brought one of the pairs of sheer silk short pants he had fashioned for me. He bent before me and helped me to don them, making sure that my cock and balls were comfortably arranged and then helped me to pull a short sleeved shirt, of a fine knit silk knit material similar to lisle, over my head.

"It is a crime to cover such perfection." he said, admiring my body in the thin garments. "However, I must see you fully clad."

He brought forward a shirt next, fine white cotton lawn which had a deep buttoned placket that reached to my waist. He helped me pull it on over my head and buttoned the front. 

"A collar will make the outfit more formal." he said. "Perhaps you can stop on your travels and acquire one today. It really isn't necessary as your suit is more for casual occasions, anyway. A cravat would do as well."

He smoothed my shirt and made sure that it fit as he desired, then brought forth my suit. It was made from a soft salt and pepper tweed that I had selected from his stock.

He assisted me as I donned the trousers, then the waistcoat and finally the jacket. He poked and prodded and stretched the fabric, assuring that it met his standard of perfection. Then he stepped back to view me.

"You indeed make me proud to be a tailor." he said. "You would be a beautiful young man if you were clad in a potato sack but I really think that I have improved upon nature. You are simply a stunning sight."

I looked to Philip and he said, "It is true. The suit displays your figure to the maximum advantage, the fabric complements your coloring and altogether you look like a fashion plate."

I was embarrassed at such effusive praise and I asked, "Do I really look alright? Shall I wear the suit today?"

Mr. Steinberg said, "I insist! I could have no better advertisement of my craft than to have you display my needlework to the public."

"Mr. Steinberg," I said, "may I purchase the suit that you had lent me to wear. I've grown quite fond of it and I enjoy wearing it, knowing the history of how I acquired it."

"Of course, my dear young man." he said. "But I insist that you wear your new suit when in public. The people deserve to see you looking so handsome. I'll parcel your old clothing up and you may take them with you."

As he did so, I dared to look into his shop mirror to gauge my appearance. I did look different, more sophisticated and city like and I saw that he had cut his cloth to make it most flattering to my body. I felt different, too, being so splendidly attired for the first time in my life. Even I noticed that the cut of the trousers displayed my cock and balls to advantage and I felt myself starting to swell from the sight.

Mr. Steinberg returned with my parcel and said, "The only improvement I would suggest is a more suitable pair of boots. Have you visited my friend yet?"

"I confess that I haven't." I replied. "I am meeting with my banker today to review my finances and if he gives me permission, I shall attend shortly. In the meantime, Philip has offered to take me to a dealer in used items where he believes I may find something suitable in the meantime."
