 I had never thought I was gay. I've always been crazy about girls, always attracted to them, obsessed with porn involving women. The only time men turned me on was in the pictures with the women, but it was always the female bodies that made me hard. Nobody who knows me would ever think I was anything but very heterosexual.

Since I was a kid I always had a thing about being naked or nearly naked in public places. Even as a preteen I found ways to be completely naked in public, masturbating until I came all over myself, somewhere people could catch me if they looked. Not really a true exhibitionist because I didn't want to be caught, I just loved the thrill. After years of not being that great at getting girls, although occasionally I got lucky or had girlfriends, I was still an extremely horny guy who loved everything about women.

In my 20s my love for porn brought me to sleazy places like porn theaters and video booths. I loved to masturbate and watch the girls on the screen do such sexy things, especially gangbangs. I would usually draw attention from at least one guy, often many. I wasn't interested in the men sexually, but I would masturbate for an audience, while they stared at me and my hard cock the whole time. I would watch the movie because it was the girls and the porn I loved, but I was also turned on by the attention. Being watched by men stroking themselves, sometimes making comments about how great my body and cock looked, made me even harder. Men would come sit a couple seats away from me, trying to act all sly, testing to see if I would let them touch me. For quite a while I wouldn't let them touch me, I would only let them watch and masturbate. But it turned me on to have them watch me masturbate to porn in a theater.

I figured out pretty quickly that it was better if I just wore tiny shorts, a t-shirt, and sandals to the theater, so I could masturbate very easily without having to undo pants or regular shorts. I bought some very little thin running shorts, slit all the way up the sides, and I cut out the lining so really I was barely dressed and I could masturbate without even adjusting the shorts. After a while, I started letting some men take over masturbating me, and I found that I liked how some did it and not others. I would go to the porn theater for hours, and let certain men masturbate me. I could stay rock hard for literally hours, like 3 or 4 or more hours, letting strangers masturbate me while I watched porn, because it turned me on so much.

The next big thrill came when I got daring and took off my short entirely, so I was just wearing my t-shirt, with my shorts on the seat next to me. The feeling of not wearing any bottoms at all got me even more sexually excited. If there were men on either side of me, the shorts might be a couple seats away, making the thrill even better. But even at that time, I liked letting men masturbate me, but I would still tell them no when they wanted to suck me. The couple times I had let men do it for just a few seconds, I didn't like the feeling of whiskers, or how some men sucked. I was dating a girl at that time, and had great sex with her too, but I still loved the thrill every once in a while of going to a porn theater and masturbating in public, nearly naked, exposed to lots of men who loved watching me, and letting them masturbate me.

I started wearing just a little button-up coat without a shirt, and the tiny shorts and sandals. The coat didn't even completely cover the very bottom of my ass when I stood. I would walk in, letting men touch me in the back of the dark theater, and I would masturbate standing there while men touched me and took over stroking. I would unbutton my coat completely, surprising the men that I was nearly naked underneath. I would tease them all, then go sit in the middle of the theater, and they would all come down and surround me, men on either side, and in front and behind me. I would open my coat completely, and take off my shorts and sandals, so I was only wearing an open coat. The men loved to watch me masturbate, they loved my muscular body and 7inch cock, and they would all take turns stroking me, although I favored certain guys who stroked me just right. If I was really turned on, I would take off my coat and be totally naked surrounded by men while openly masturbating.

I started stroking other men's cock while they stroked me; it only seemed fair. I started not minding when certain guys sucked my cock, because they didn't have rough whiskers and were really good. By the time I finally came after hours of being hard and on edge, what they call edging, everyone would be so turned on because I shoot cum many feet into the air when I've been edging like that. I loved all of the excitement; it was just as good as sex with my girlfriends, but almost more thrilling because I was naked in public.

All this time my favorite porn to watch, online and elsewhere, was gangbang porn, where a woman would take on lots of men, especially when it was huge groups. I also have a major bukkake fetish, when a girl is gangbanged and then gets completely soaked in cum. I started going to the porn theater on weekend nights when it was packed, and I would wear only my little coat, sandals, and tiny shorts. Right after getting in I would go into the men's room and in a stall take off my shorts and put them in my coat pocket, and unbutton my coat and put my hands in my pockets and hold my unbuttoned coat together to cover my nakedness. I would walk into the dark crowded theater in nothing but an open coat and sandals. I would stand in the back surrounded by guys and openly masturbate, and I would be surrounded with hands all over me in seconds. Men would be amazed I came into the theater in nothing but an open coat that doesn't even cover my ass. They didn't know about the shorts in my pocket, so they thought I came in wearing only the coat. I would let men get on their knees and suck me, while others touched me everywhere. It was like they were ravenous for a guy with a hot body, and they would be all over me.

Because of my bukkake fetish, I started asking men to cum on my face. When it was in the back of the theater I could kneel or even sit on the dirty floor, often naked, while strangers would spurt cum all over my face. Sometimes I would get on my knees or even lie on my back on the floor while men came on me. Eventually I would go in nearly naked like that, and gets lots of cum all over my face and body before I even went down to sit in the seats and watch the movies. I loved the feeling of being covered in cum, having it dripping down my face while I stroked myself in the theater seat. And then I would want to get as many men as possibly to cum on my face the whole night.

Men would be so turned on by a guy who was totally naked and throbbing hard, so they would touch and stroke me and play with my body and masturbate all over my face. But as I wanted more, some guys insisted I stroke them for them to cum on my face, so I started getting on my knees naked and stroking off multiple men at one time, begging them to cum on my face. And of course some guys wanted to be sucked, and there were certain guys, usually good looking ones with really nice cocks, that I would suck. They seemed to like how I did it, because they would cum in my mouth and all over my face. I tried to copy the things I saw female porn stars do, and would do that for men in the porn theater.

Sometimes I would get naked in glory hole booths and suck men there too, which got me more used to sucking strangers' cocks, but that's a different story. This whole time I never wanted anyone to do anything with my ass, I don't even like when men touch my asshole, so I never did that. But I kind of got into blowjobs and sucking and stroking multiple men, like in the blowbangs I would see online, until I could get multiple loads on my face. It was like I was living out the things I loved watching girls do in porn.

At that time I learned about a second porn theater in the ghetto part of town, and I went there in my same outfit, and it was even sleazier and I would see much more open gay sex there. In that theater, I would see black men fucking each other's asses right out in the open. I would get completely naked there, and take on black men. I would get much more covered in cum at the black porn theater than the other one, because I could get away with blowbanging the entire twin cinema, sometimes over a dozen or so men. I loved being naked on my knees, surrounded by big black hard cocks, and I would have to really work at it to stroke and suck them all, and get them to cum on my face. It just blew my mind to be stroking and sucking big hard black cocks and letting so many men spurt all over me. I don't know why, but there was something about big black cocks that made me want to stroke and suck them. I still never let anyone touch my asshole, but I would let them suck me and I would suck them. My goal was always to be a bukakke slut, naked in public with my face covered in cum.

Eventually, after having some really big all black blowbangs at the ghetto theater, sometimes where I would literally be covered in cum from head to toe, my face soaked with most of it but my entire body splattered and dripped on too, the place closed. The owner got shot in the parking lot, and they closed it. So I would try to emulate the big blowbangs at the other porn theater. It was much more diverse, more white men, Asians, Hispanics, and black guys.

Well, one Saturday night I went to the porn theater, and this time I thought I would try something new. I was feeling extremely horny and daring. I was naked and hard, masturbating to porn at home, and I decided to go to the theater, so I put on my little coat and nothing else, lube in one pocket and money in the other. I was hard all the way to the theater, lubed and stroking even on the drive over, because I had taken off my coat and driven to the theater nude. I didn't even bring any other clothes with me, so even if my car broke down I would only have the coat. It was a huge dare for me, and I was extremely turned on. I got there and the parking lot was packed, which means probably 40 or 50 cars. I put on my coat, got out of my car, put my hands in my coat pockets to hold it down to cover my ass and not expose myself outside. I went in and paid, and the guy there didn't seem to notice my lack of shorts or sandals, and I walked right into the theater.

The theater was packed, men everywhere, and in the back were probably a dozen men standing, some sucking each other already. I stood in front of them and masturbated watching the movie. It wasn't long before men were touching me, stroking me, feeling my naked ass, playing with my nipples, sucking my nipples. I was so turned on. I would push any hand away that would try to get into my asshole, but I let them do anything else. One guy got on his knees in front of me and sucked me into his mouth, so the other guys who had been stroking me just played with other parts. They pulled off my coat so I was standing in the theater fully naked while a man gave me an amazing blowjob and 4 or 5 other guys played with my body. I wanted the evening to last, so I looked at all the men playing with me and asked if they would cum on my face. They said yes, so I got down on my knees and sucked and stroked them until they started cumming on my face. At one point I just sat naked on the floor while men shot cum all over me from every angle. I masturbated while cum landed on my face from every angle. It took all my control to keep from cumming right then. In the first 30 minutes in the theater, I had already been sucked and sucked others and had nearly 10 guys cum on my face. I was drenched and it was amazing. I used the other men's cum as a lubricant to masturbate, and I was rock hard.

I grabbed my coat and just carried it down to the middle of the theater, walking naked and drawing attention, and I sat down. The men who surrounded me took my coat away and it was probably 8 or more seats away, there were so many men surrounding me. It turned me on to be totally naked, covered in cum, with my only piece of clothing so far away. I let them do almost anything, except still didn't let them do very much with my asshole. Over nearly 3 hours I had stroked or sucked and let at least 30 men cum on my face. I've never been so covered in thick drippy cum in my whole life. My eyes burned, my face had a ½ inch thick glaze over it, and my body was soaked. The crowd had thinned out, but I was still sucking men, and STILL had not cum, although I had gotten close many times. Sometimes I had to push men's mouths off my cock to keep delaying my orgasm. To be honest, I had taken two large Cialis before I went, so my rock hard cock stayed that way partly through enhancement.

Then it happened. Over 30 men had cum on my face, I had sucked so many strangers, and just as two men were cumming on my face at the same time, they were suddenly yanked away. Large men in dark clothes were pulling the men away, and out of the theater. When I looked up through the cum glaze I saw two men standing over me, showing me a badge. The theater was being raided, and I was completely naked and soaked in so much cum, there was no hiding what I had been doing. It was even coming out of my mouth, since some guys insisted on cumming in my mouth.

The police made me put my arms behind me and they cuffed my hands behind my back with temporary plastic cuffs, and dragged me out the back door into the alley completely naked and soaked in cum. There was a police van back there, with a bunch more police, and they already had 3 or 4 guys in the van, and were dragging the men who had just been cumming on my face and put them in the van. They put me in the van with the men, naked and drenched, and they refused to even let me wipe the cum out of my eyes. It was summer in the South and got to over 90 degrees in the back of the van, and my sweat kept all the cum wet and drippy, while my eyes burned with cum.

I kept begging them to please get my jacket that was in the theater, but they kept saying no. All the cops acted like I was so disgusting, they didn't want to touch me or help me. After asking them multiple times, just before they closed the van door to take us to jail, they threw my jacket on the floor of the van. They made me ride naked to the county jail. I felt humiliated, scared, but turned on too.

They made me march into the jail back entrance naked and dripping, hands cuffed behind me. They only gave me my jacket after they had already checked me in and cavity searched me. They took off the cuffs, and I used my fingers to get cum out of my eyes, but I was still soaked head to toe. The guards all seemed to love laughing about how they raided a porn theater and found a naked guy covered in cum. Of all the men arrested, I was the biggest pervert. I was the one who was a bukakke slut for the entire theater.

Wearing only my coat, they put me in a holding cell packed with maybe 50 guys, with a 30 person capacity at most. I was surprised they would put me in there without any bottoms or shoes. In the overcrowded holding cell every single spot was filled with men, even the floor, and some would lie down and nap under the benches being sat on by other men. I had to stand in the middle of the room, in nothing but a coat, cum still dripping down every inch of my body, not even shoes. It was so hot in the room, my constant sweating kept the cum coating my face and body moist and drippy, instead of it drying up. They had made so many arrests that night, processing was totally backed up and the holding cells were all way overfilled.

I seemed to be one of very few white guys there, and some black guys kept asking me questions about my situation, but I didn't want to talk about it. There were probably 5 or 6 guys in the holding cell who I had sucked and who had cum on me, and they were always staring at me like it was so sexy. I ended up getting to sit down at one point and it was between two of the guys from the theater, because they were the ones nice enough to let me sit. Right there in jail surrounded by everyone else, they totally hit on me, they were so gay they didn't care, and the other guys would stare. Having them do that made my Cialis enhanced cock get totally hard again, and since I was sitting in nothing buy my little coat, there wasn't really any way to cover my cock but to hold it in my hands. I couldn't believe I was sitting in jail surrounded by men, having to hold my hard cock in both hands, to keep it from being totally exposed. The gay guys kept touching my bare legs, or sliding their hands to touch my ass cheeks, knowing I couldn't stop them without everybody seeing my rock hard cock.

I guess some guys complained to the guards when they would walk by, because eventually the guards came in and saw me like that, still coated in cum, cock hard, holding it in my hands. They took me out of my cell, and brought me to another cell, just as overcrowded, but right away I could tell there was a difference. I guess they previously had me in a cell with only misdemeanor charges, but this was just as big a cell full of men, but with felony charges. The guard literally said to me, "You'll learn to control yourself in this cell." And he locked me in. I was still hard and the men could see my naked ass and cock and my cum covered face. I stood there feeling everyone's eyes on me, and a couple of the biggest scariest ones told me to come sit next to them. These guys must have been repeat offenders, who were in an out of jail, because they were big, scary, and mean looking, and they pretty much took control of me right away. They had me sitting there, made me unbutton my coat, and made me masturbate for them. I guess I could have said no, or fought. I couldn't believe I was openly masturbating in the county jail for an audience of criminals. My exhibitionism and Cialis kept me hard while I stroked myself. I was terrified but rock hard and exposed.

They put me on my knees, and I stroked and sucked them, just like I was in the ghetto porn theater, but we were in a holding cell in the county jail. This isn't some rural county, it's a major city, so I would assume there was some sort of surveillance in the cell, but nobody came to help me. But these guys didn't stop with blowjobs, and weren't about to listen to me when I didn't want them playing with my asshole. They shoved fingers up my ass, worked them deeper and deeper, while I sucked multiple men. I had a really big black cock shoved down my throat, choking me, when I felt something bigger being pushed in my ass. While the one guy grabbed the back of my head and buried his cock to the base down my throat, the other pushed his cock into my virgin asshole. I know I screamed so hard, but it was muffled by the cock choking me so I couldn't even breath.

My tears made the cum on my face wet again. I felt like I was going to pass out from lack of air, and I felt a cock pushing deeper and deeper in my asshole. The man in my mouth leaned in to say "you better not scream, or we'll rip your cock off" and pulled out, letting me gasp for breath. The man in my ass held still inside me while I gasped for breath, and when they thought I had caught my breath, the man shoved his cock down my throat again and the other man pushed deeper in my ass, and started fucking my ass with full strokes. 

They had me totally naked, being double penetrated, to the hilt in my throat and ass at the same time. My own cock was still rock hard, I couldn't help it, as I was brutally fucked, raped really, in a jail cell. And it wasn't just any jail cell; it was a holding cell full of at least 40 felony arrests. I never thought something could happen like that outside of a high security prison, but here I was being gangraped in the county jail. The men in the cell started taking turns on me, I couldn't believe that many black guys would openly let a man suck them, or fuck a man's ass, but it seemed like they didn't think it made them gay in any way. Probably only up to 8 or 9 guys really fucked either my mouth or ass, out of 40, but it still felt like a brutal public gangrape to me.
