 My first time holding and sucking a cock was fantastic and I spent the next week trying to figure out a way to meet with Gavin again. We had been emailing since our meeting, both reliving our first time together as well as going into really detailed fantasies about our next encounter.

It took nearly two weeks before we were able to arrange a second meeting, and I have to tell you I hadn't felt that excited in a long time. We finally had our opportunity to meet on a Wednesday evening. Jenny's job had her visiting clients in another town, so basically I had two nights free.

At 8pm on the Wednesday I was ringing the bell to Gavin's apartment. He answered wearing a plain t-shirt and just a pair of baggy shorts. I couldn't help but think to myself how excited and yet awkward I felt. I think Gavin felt the same way since he stammered his greeting to me a bit. 

He invited me into his place, which was small but very neat. A large sofa faced an enormous TV mounted on the wall, the walls covered with landscape photos and portraits. It's weird but when I first met him I never once thought to ask what he did for a living, turns out he was a freelance photographer.

I sat on the couch while he disappeared into the kitchen to get us a drink. Coming back, he took a seat next to me and asked how I was. We then simply chatted, nothing serious, I guess just trying to cover up our nervousness and of course find a way to start playing without seeming over excited!

After 30 minutes or so the small chat sort of ran out. I was halfway through my second beer and feeling more horny than at any other time of my life. Horny, excited and nervous all together at the same time.

"So what did you have in mind for tonight?" I finally asked. 

Gavin shrugged, "I didn't really plan anything" he said, "but I would be lying if I didn't admit I was hoping we could carry on with what we did last time." 

I decided to grab the bull by the horns and just get on with it.

"Are you wearing anything under those shorts?" I asked.

Gavin glanced down at his lap, a blush flushing his cheeks as he shook his head. He gave an embarrassed sort of laugh and apologised. "Sorry if it's weird but I wanted to make it easier to get started."

"That's precisely why I skipped underwear as well" I replied with a laugh. Since neither of us were wearing underwear, now was about as good a time to get started as any I told myself.

"Stand up" I said.

Gavin stood and placed his beer on the nearby coffee table, turned and faced me. Sitting on his couch put my eye level directly in line with his crotch. 

"Take your shirt off." I instructed.

Without a word the shirt came off. The lighting in the room was dimmed, subdued almost, but clear enough to see he was in good shape, not pumped up like the guys at the gym, sort of average looking, "like me" I thought.

"Stand closer" I continued.

As Gavin moved towards me. I shifted forward until I was sitting on the edge of the couch. He stood now before me, between my spread legs. He had a small smile on his face and was staring at me expectantly. I reached up and put my hands on his hips which he then covered with his own hands.

"No," I said, "hands by your side". I felt a shudder run through his body, his cock straining at his shorts, the fabric dark where pre-cum was soaking through. 

I slowly ran my hand down the side of his hips and then up the leg of his pants, fingertips just lightly brushing his skin. I kept my eyes on his cock which had now started jumping with little spasms. At the same time I leant forward and placed kisses along his growing shaft through his pants.

My exploring hands reached his smooth shaven balls, and I cupped them as best I could. Gavin let his head fall back and gave a little sigh. He shifted his body weight leaning his cock onto my hand. I smiled and brought my hand out. Slowly I undid the buttons on his shorts, letting the strain of his hard-on force his pants apart.

Letting his pants fall to the ground, I focused on what was before me, his swollen, beautiful, smooth, throbbing cock. I studied it closely, taking my time, followed the swollen red head with my eyes, seeing the drop of clear fluid at the tip, traced the veins to the stem. His cock was slightly larger than mine, about 6 inches long and at least 4 inches in circumference. 

I've viewed hundreds of cocks in porn, and I had to say that this one before me was one of the best I had ever seen.

Leaning forward I stretched my tongue out to taste the pre-cum, just letting the very tip of my tongue scoop it up without touching his cock. Gavin pushed his hips forward, trying to get his cock into my mouth but I stopped him right way.

Smiling up at him I started my oral exploration of his cock by running my tongue around his ball-sack, feeling the weight of them on my tongue. I opened up wide and took one of his clean shaven balls gently into my mouth. My hands still on his hips, I used the suction from my mouth to pull at his balls, teasing at them. 

I slowly started licking my way up his cock, like a cat lapping away. His cock was now oozing pre-cum and my mouth was swimming with saliva, his cock glistening in the light. Gavin's legs were barely supporting him, his moans getting louder. I licked along his entire shaft with those small little licks, right up to the head of his cock, running my tongue under the head, swirling around the head, dabbing at the hole, licking up pre-cum faster and faster.

Gavin was now pushing his cock against my face. I opened my mouth up for him and heard him gasp as his cock entered my mouth. At first I sat perfectly still, just let his cock sit in my mouth. Then as I felt him twitching, I let my tongue run around his cock. Gavin couldn't hold back any more and started pumping his cock in and out of my mouth. As his cock slid in and out of my mouth I massaged his balls, gently squeezing and pulling at them. 

I remember the first time I sucked Gavin's cock some two weeks ago. I remembered the smell, I remembered the taste. But being in a parking garage although exciting, did mean I couldn't focus on the job at hand since a part of my mind was focussed on listening for footsteps and worrying about being caught.

Now though I didn't have a care in the world, I could just let myself go and enjoy every second. Gavin's cock was firmly in my mouth, his hands now grasping both sides of my head. As I looked up at him I could see he was wild with passion, really taking control. His eyes were wide, his mouth open and panting.

At first he drilled his cock into my willing mouth with this unbridled passion, and then he slowed down, it was as if he was pacing himself. He would pull his cock right out and wait a pause, then drive it in deep down my throat, doing this over and over again.

At one point Gavin grabbed the base of his cock and rubbed his cock head over my entire face! It felt so wanton! It was like I was transformed into this complete cum slut that lived only to be used! He slapped his cock around my willing face, then lifted his cock and rubbed his balls on my face.

"Tell me you want my cock in your mouth!" Gavin demanded. He had his cock in hand now, waving it barely an inch from my desperate mouth.

"I want it your cock!, Fuck my mouth, fill my mouth!" I was past caring now, my whole world was focussed on that one-eyed monster in front of me, I desperately wanted to be sucking it and stroking. I was so hypnotized by this meat organ that my own cock was forgotten, it was almost as if I could organsm purely from sucking on Gavin's cock alone and making him cum!

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum" he groaned.

I looked up at Gavin's face, his eyes were still closed, his mouth open. My mouth was full of Gavin's hard meat, the head pushing against the back of my throat, making me gag but at the same time I wanted even more.

"I'm gonna fill your mouth up, oh yes, take my cum, drink it down." Gavin's frantic utterances were making me hotter, though I hardly thought it was possible, making me want to taste his cum, swallow it all.

He pulled out my mouth, just letting the head rest on my lips while he frantically jerked off. I managed to push forward back onto his cock, taking just the head into my mouth.

"Fuck me," I continued to say desperately, the words muffled from the cock in my mouth, "fill up my mouth, I want your cum in me now, I want your dick in me, your cum spilling out my mouth, fuck my mouth!" 

My urgings became too much for Gavin, his dicked slipped from my mouth as he started pumping out his cream, most of it hitting my face, it was fucking awesome, I revelled in it. Gavin stopped pumping his cock, and looked at me. I reached up and took his still hard dick and gently rubbed it over my lips, rubbed his cum around my face and on my lips. 

Gavin stepped away when it became too sensitive and fetched a towel. I wiped my face up first, then used the towel to gently clean his cock, which once done I gently kissed. 

"Oh hell man" he said as he collapsed beside me, "that was even more incredible than the first time! I'm sorry I didn't last very long, I just enjoyed it so much. And I'm sorry about taking over and all that, hope I didn't hurt you."

"I'm glad you enjoyed it" I replied, "I've fantasized about giving blow jobs for so long now I should be an expert!"

Gavin laughed and then reached over and rubbed my cock still firmly in my pants,

"I think it's your turn now" Gavin said as he smiled at me.

"Whenever you're ready." I said.

"Let's go through to my bedroom." he grinned.

Standing up I followed him to the bedroom and went ahead sitting down on the bed, waiting to see what was up. He walked over to me, his cock now soft. I couldn't resist reaching out and holding it, pulled him closer and taking his cock in my mouth, wanting his cock to grow hard in my mouth. Laughing, Gavin pulled away.

"Not yet, my turn for a little fun first," Gavin said.

With that Gavin took my shirt off then knelt between my legs and undid my belt buckle. Seconds later my jeans lay on the floor beside the bed, my cock standing ready to go. His eyes on mine, Gavin took my cock into his mouth and slowly started to suck me off. I lay back on the bed, closed my eyes and relaxed into it. I felt him licking my dick and sucking, felt his hands cupping my balls, and then the warmth of his breath on them. 

What an amazing feeling, Gavin was expert at sucking my cock, starting at the top, I would feel the warmth of his slowly envelope the length of my cock, pausing every now and again as his tongue flicked about the head. He licked my balls, slurping the entire length of my 5 inches or so, stopping to flick at that tender spot under the head before starting again.

What I wasn't prepared for followed next. Gavin slowly spread my legs apart. I resisted a little at first but when I felt his tongue drift further south, I couldn't help myself and I spread my legs even further. It wasn't long until felt his mouth back on my cock, and then a pressure on my ass. I froze up a little, but his finger gently stroked my arsehole and I began to relax. 

With my cock still in Gavin's mouth, I felt his finger probe at me. He would push against my ass, not hard, just insistent. I right away started to relax my ass as much as possible. I had bought a small dildo ages before and had slowly learnt how to take it up my ass, I knew as long as I relaxed it would be fine.

Gavin gently worked his finger into my ass, not deep, just sought of "in". I would never have believed it but it turned me on even more and somehow my cock grew even larger! Gavin started gently fucking me with his finger, pumping it in and out my ass, it felt so damn good and I wanted so much more!

"I want your cock in my ass!" I said. 

Gavin's response was to suck harder and faster, while now working another finger in my butt. I couldn't believe what a slut I had turned into! I would never in my wildest dreams imagined I'd be asking for someone to shove their cock in my ass! At the same time I wanted his cock in my mouth again and to be fucking me from behind!

At least two fingers had worked their way into me, moving in and out, working at my hole. I started to moan out quite loudly. 

"Stop sucking me" I pleaded, "I'm so close to cumming but I want you to try fucking me!. Gavin pulled his fingers out my ass and stood. He climbed onto the bed, and over me, kneeling with his knees just to either side of my head.

"You want my dick in your ass?" he asked, his beautiful cock wavering just above me, literally dripping precum onto my face.

I nodded like I was under a spell, I couldn't say no even if I wanted to. 

"Well then you got to work for it, you got to get my cock ready. Do you want my cock ready for your ass?" Gavin asked.

I was beside myself, almost ready to cum there and then, my only answer was to grab his butt and force his cock into my mouth.

"Fuck yea" he exclaimed, "suck that cock, get it down your throat!" 

He leaned over me, his cock forced down my throat, I couldn't breath but still I wanted to be used by him, fucked hard, ravaged. He pulled out, allowing me to get a breath, then shoved it back in. His cock was slick and shiny from pre-cum and my saliva, it slid down my throat effortlessly again and again. Fuck I wanted this so bad, why had I waited so long!

"What a cock sucker" Gavin exclaimed, "take my cock!'. 

I couldn't' wait any more, letting his cock slip from my mouth I simply started begging.

"Fuck me," I pleaded", I want your cock inside me!"

I spread my legs as wide as I could as he got back between them. He held his cock against my ass and rubbed the head around my hole. I was done playing by now, I just wanted to be filled up. Reaching down I grabbed hold of his cock, pressing the head up against my ready ass, and looked into his eyes.

Smiling he pushed gently against me and with a slight "pop", his cock slid in. I've never had anything in my ass before as big as his cock, but that cock slipped in like it was made for the purpose. The feeling of fullness and the feeling of it sliding in and out was incredible. 

I won't lie, initially it hurt, but the hurt soon gave away to a feeling entirely different. It was crazy to think of just how dominated I felt right then, and just how much I loved the feeling. To be impaled, to be used, I could easily get addicted to this.

I continued to talk as Gavin pounded away, telling him how much needed his cock, how I wanted his cum inside of me. What got him blowing his load though was me telling him I was going to make him suck my cock dry when he was done. 

"I'm gonna cum again!" Gavin groaned out loud. 

He pulled out and came all over my cock, I quickly stood up onto the bed and aimed at his face and started blowing my load as I jerked off. There was no hesitation, Gavin just leant his head back and opened his mouth. Cum flew over his face and into his open mouth. I just grabbed the back of his head and pushed my cock into his open mouth like some sort of demented rapist. Gavin swirled his tongue around my cock head then sucked it in deep before I finally pulled out with a "plop".

We both just collapsed onto the bed. I was breathing hard, as was Gavin. At first there was just silence and then we started to laugh a bit. 

Later that evening we agreed to meet up more often and explore our new found sexual freedom more. And I have to say, I couldn't be happier.