 The flame from the single candle on the table seemed to sway back-and-forth with the music. I stared at the couples on the dance floor. The room was so dark it took some time for it to register in my mind that I was looking at men holding, caressing and dancing with boy's who were half their age, maybe younger.

"Johnny, sit closer to me," I heard Mr. Steele say.

We were sitting in a semi-circular booth. He was against the back wall. I slid over until I was close to him, but still a comfortable distance separated our legs.

His deep voice gave off a melodic, soft laugh. It was a friendly laugh; I liked the rich baritone of his voice. I felt his arm go around my shoulder.

"Closer Johnny, I want you right next to me," he said.

I moved to him until our thighs were touching. My heart began beating faster. His hand squeezed my shoulder and began a soft rubbing on the back of my neck.

He leaned close to me and said, "Good boy."

I inwardly bristled when he said 'boy' – I'm a man, dammit – I turned twenty-one just last week. 

I took a large swallow of the wine he'd ordered for us and began coughing. I didn't like the taste of it but I certainly couldn't tell him.

He laughed again and his hand began a more insistent massaging of my neck. 

This was all very, very strange to me. I had no clue as to why he invited me to his club. 

Sure, as the mailboy for his company I'd seen and spoken with him many times for the past two-and-a-half years, but it was always small talk and he'd never shown the slightest interest in me or my job performance.

Like I said, this was very, very strange. 

"You know, son," he began talking. "You've been working for me for over two years now and I've followed your progress in the mailroom. You've come a long way. I think you might be ready for a promotion. Would you be interested in more responsibility and more money?"

"Ah, I...ah, yes, I would...what job do you have in mind?" I stammered. His hand on my neck was so gentle and it felt so good it distracted me.

"Well, son...I'm in need of a new personal assistant...do you remember Roger?" he asked.

I nodded.

"He served me well and I sent him off to college – I'm paying his full tuition and his room and board – plus he's still on my payroll and receives enough money to buy some luxuries...I'm thinking of you for that position. Would you like to be my personal assistant?"

"I-I don't know - what would I have to do?" I said, even though I fully understood what Roger's 'responsibilities had been.

A cold shiver ran up my spine. 

One of my duties as a mailboy was to deliver mail to all of the departments in the company. That was my favorite thing to do. I heard all of the juicy gossip. People told me all sorts of strange stories as though I was a psychiatrist or bartender. I felt honored they trusted me enough to tell me these things.

The worst kept secret in the company was that Roger was Mr. Steele's 'butt-boy'. I was so naïve that one day Maggie in accounting had to explain it to me.

"Johnny, they're both gay," she'd said, "I think you can figure out what being Mr. Steele's 'butt-boy' means...."

"Well, son," said Mr. Steele. "You will take care of my scheduling, travel plans, you'll run errands for me, but best of all – you'll accompany me on all of my trips, and you should know that I travel quite often...does that sound like something you would be interested in pursuing?"

I was keenly aware of what he was asking of me. I didn't know how to react. Should I be angry that he thought I was gay? Should I get out of the club and leave him sitting there?

Suddenly, his other hand began lightly stroking my thigh. He gently pulled my head closer to him and I felt his hot breath in my ear. His tongue slowly darted in and out of my ear. My penis stiffened in my trousers.

"Johnny," he whispered in my ear. "I find you very attractive...you are one hot and sexy boy...."

Pre-cum stained the front of my bikini briefs. When his hand completely encircled my erection and squeezed it hard I cried out and nearly came in my pants.

"You respond well," he said, releasing me and sitting back. "I think you'll make an excellent 'personal assistant'."

My head was reeling with uncertainty and confusion. I had never 'been with' another guy, but I never dismissed the possibility from my mind either. 

I'd had sex with a couple girls and easily admitted to myself I was not much of a lover. In fact, I more or less considered myself a 'non-sexual' – I could take it or leave it.

Mr. Steele sensed my apprehension and tried to put me at ease.

"You know, Johnny," he said. "I would never force you to do anything you didn't want to do...."

"No – no, it's not that," I said quickly. "It's just that...well, I've never done anything with a guy before...I don't know what to do...."

I heard his beautiful laugh and he put his arm around me again.

He kissed me on the cheek. His big hand took hold of my much smaller hand. 

There I was: sitting in an odd, but interesting club, sitting close to my boss and holding his hand and it didn't repulse or sicken me.

He took my hand and lowered it to the front of his slacks until I felt his erection. He pressed my hand firmly on his cock and told me to stroke it with my fingers. I did as I was told.

I ran my fingers and hand the full length of his long erection. My breath caught in my throat when I realized I loved the feel of his hard cock pressing against my hand. My own penis throbbed inside my briefs.

"I will teach you everything you'll need to know," he whispered in my ear. 

Suddenly I realized his hand was no longer on mine, and that I was stroking his cock on my own. 

He turned my face to his and kissed me on the lips. He had surprisingly soft lips; it wasn't at all what I thought kissing a man would be like. The kiss made my heart flutter.

"Johnny, you are the sweetest boy I've ever met," he said gazing into my eyes. "Is it all right if I call you 'Sweetie'?"

His words warmed my heart. Nobody had ever said anything so nice to me. I loved receiving his full attention.

"I think I'd like that," I said softly.

He kissed me hard, taking my breath away then pulled back.

"Sweetie," he said, "open my slacks and take out my cock, okay?"

His words stunned me. How could he say such a thing to someone he barely knew?

When I stared into his blue eyes and saw his sincere desire for me my heart pounded and my prick throbbed in my briefs.

The man was my boss, but I was attracted to him as well. The way he'd 'ordered' me to perform an outrageous act in a public place excited me. How could I refuse this man? 

Then he added: "Don't worry about other people seeing you – look around – no one is watching us – the men are only interested in the boys they brought here."

Through the dim lighting I scanned the couples on the dance floor and saw men taking liberties with their boys: cupping their buttocks as they danced, kissing them on the lips, and in one or two instances I saw boys with their hands inside men's pants obviously stroking their man's cock and balls.

Everyone was completely oblivious to everyone else.

"Yes, Sir," I said, and with trembling hands I fumbled with the belt and hook to his slacks. Then I pulled down his zipper.

A thrill ran up my spine – I never realized how sexy it was to hear the sound of a man's zipper being pulled down.

I needed both hands to extricate his long, hard cock and before I realized it I had a man's naked erection in my hand for the first time in my life.

A sudden jolt of electricity coursed through my body when I held his cock. It felt so alive in my hand; so hot and smooth. It was all I could do to not cum in my pants.

He whispered directions in my ear: "Squeeze it harder" – "Yes, that's it" – "Move your hand slowly up and down" – "Hold my balls with your other hand" – "Sweetie, you learn quickly – you're a wonderful boy."

His voice was so soothing and reassuring he made me feel special. I felt loved and appreciated for truly the first time ever. 

I felt so grateful I concentrated hard on giving him pleasure. I thought of what I liked when I played with myself and tried to do the same for him.

"Sweetie," he said after one particularly long and satisfying kiss, "...you're going to make me cum soon – I want to cum in your mouth – wet your lips and slide them over the glans and take my cockhead inside your mouth."

Once again I was shocked by his command but neither of us had any doubts about my obedience.

"Yes, Sir," I said, and immediately lowered my head. 

The closer my lips came to his cock the more his aroma filled my nostrils. My mind became lost in his smell. I'm not sure, but I think I groaned audibly when my lips slid over his cockhead and my tongue came in contact with his velvety smooth cock-flesh.  

"Take as much into your mouth as you can and always keep your tongue moving on my flesh," he said as he gently stroked my hair.

I lapped the pre-cum from his slit and marveled at the taste. I licked all around the crown and I finally heard him moan. I was giddy as a schoolgirl that I was able to make him respond to my sucking.

Before he told me, I grasped his lower shaft in my hand and stroked him. I tried hard to match the rhythm of my hand with my head bobbing up and down; I reveled in the taste and texture of his pulsating cock.

"Oh Sweetie – you are a wonderful boy!" he exclaimed as he sat back and closed his eyes and enjoyed my ministrations.

I was lost in the sucking. Nothing before had prepared me for the exquisite pleasure of surrendering to another man and wanting no more than to give him an orgasm he'd never forget.

"Faster, Sweetie – faster," he said through labored breathing.

Suddenly, he held my head tightly to his cock as his hips began to violently thrust upwards forcing more of his hardness into my mouth.

"Swallow as much as you can, Sweetie," he hissed through clenched teeth as I felt the first stream of his thick and creamy cum shoot into my madly sucking mouth.

His hips shook and bucked wildly as I milked his shaft with my hand and greedily sucked his cockhead, lapping at his cum as it exploded from his slit. My tongue became thick with his semen and I swallowed mouthful after mouthful of his delicious nectar.

Without warning, I felt my own balls contract and suddenly my own cum rushed up through my cock and exploded inside my briefs. My cries were muffled by his cock in my mouth, but Mr. Steele knew I had cum in my pants from sucking his cock.

"Oh, Johnny – you are everything and more than I'd hoped for!" he said rather loudly.

When our bodies came to rest, and with his deflating cock still inside my mouth, he said: "Sweetie, clean up all the cum you missed, okay?"

I mumbled, "Yes, Sir," and lovingly went about my task.

When he was satisfied that I'd cleaned him thoroughly, he gently pulled up on my forehead and I took the cue and raised my head from his crotch. 

When he fixed his clothing himself I felt disappointed. He saw my reaction and softly laughed.

"Don't worry, Sweetie," he said, "from now on I'll have you do that, okay?"

I felt a blush come over my face as I said, "Thank you, Sir."

When we were side-by-side I noticed our wine glasses were full. Someone had filled the glasses while I had been busy sucking his cock. No doubt the server had known what I was doing.

Wow! I thought. This is really some kind of club!

Mr. Steele put his arm around me and held me very close to him. 

I sighed with contentment: I truly felt as though I belonged to him now. I was his and I would do and perform whatever he demanded.

We sat back enjoying the afterglow and watched the couples on the dance floor. We both could smell the faint aroma of semen drifting upwards from my crotch. Nothing was said about it.

Finally, Mr. Steele said, "Sweetie, I want you to come home with me tonight – I want to be naked with you in my bed!"

I thought my heart would burst with pride and happiness.

"Oh, yes, Sir – I'd really like that, Sir!" I said excitedly.

"You've never been with a man, am I right?" he asked.

"No – I mean yes, Sir, I've never been with a man," I stammered.

"Johnny," he said, "I'm going to have you bend over for me tonight – do you know what that means?"

My head fairly swooned; I was dizzy from his words.

"Y-Yes, Sir," I said softly, "you want to take my virginity...I, ah...I want that too!"

His broad smile made me feel warm all over. We kissed for a long time. I instinctively rubbed his thigh until I felt the telltale bulge form in his slacks. I caressed his hardness through the thin material.

"We are going to finish our wine and then we'll dance to a slow song and then we'll go to my place, okay?"

"Yes, Sir," I said. I wondered if he noticed my trembling.

"You will hold my cock at all times – do you understand?"

"Y-Yes, Sir," I answered softly.

When our glasses were empty and we maneuvered ourselves out of the booth, I was very careful to hold onto his cock.

As we stood, a cool rush of air against my crotch made me aware of just how wet the front of my light-colored slacks were. I made a move to cover the wetness but Mr. Steele stopped me.

"I want everyone here to see your cum stain," he said.

"Y-Yes, Sir," I said meekly.

Sure enough, as we approached the dance floor I was acutely aware of all eyes on my cum stain, and on my hand holding his cock.

Once on the dance floor, he held me close and I placed my free arm around his broad back.

"Pull down my zipper – reach inside my boxers and hold my cock!" he ordered.

I did as I was told. For the first time I was embarrassed and slightly scared. I knew he wanted to demonstrate to his friends his control over me, but this was new to me and I had a difficult time surrendering my ego to him.

My fingers trembled as I pulled down his zipper – damn! – there was that sound again – I don't know why it seemed so sexy but it was music to my ears. I relaxed as I found his hard cock inside his shorts and held it tightly.

He stroked me and tenderly kissed my cheeks and whispered, "Good boy."

I rested my head on his chest as we swayed to the music.

Suddenly, he kissed my lips and told me to look him in the eyes.

"Johnny," he said, "I am very fond of you and I think we could have a beautiful relationship. I want you to be my 'boy' - would you like that?"

My heart fluttered as I answered, "Yes, Sir."

"Good boy," he smiled. "I have strict rules and unless you can agree to all of them, you may not be the boy for me. Do you understand?"

"I-I, ah, I think so, Sir," I replied as I felt a slight panic overtake me. 

He continued: "You will, of course, live in my home and I will demand 100% obedience from you whether we are at work, or at home. Whatever I tell you to do you will do it immediately, and you will do it well."

Then he smiled and added, "Your willingness to hold my cock in a public place has already shown me you are capable of subverting your intellect and psyche in order to please me – you passed your first test."

"My sexual pleasure will be your primary goal," he said, the smile quickly disappearing from his face. "I will teach you everything you'll need to know about satisfying a man's lust – I will have you perform sexual acts you probably don't even know exist. I will cure you of any inhibitions you may have, and, I think I can guarantee that you will experience the greatest sexual pleasure you have known, or will ever know."

I was hard again and my cock throbbed inside my briefs. His words excited me.

"You must understand this: anything less than total obedience will result in punishment – usually a spanking, sometimes by my hand, but mostly with either a wooden paddle, or a thick, leather strap. In any case, you will not enjoy whatever punishment I decide upon. Do you understand?"

"Y-Yes, Sir," I said as I began trembling again.

"If you want to change your life, if you think you are up to meeting the challenges I will offer you, if you believe you are capable of devoting your life to me: to obey me and please me and, eventually love me – I want to hear you say: 'Please, Sir, I'm begging you to allow me to be your boy!"

I was tongue-tied. His speech sent my blood pressure soaring and my heart racing. It hit me hard that I would be giving up everything I knew and lived for. My entire life would change virtually overnight. I couldn't think logically. I had to trust my instincts.

"Please, Sir, I'm begging you to allow me to be your boy!" I said, staring into his deep blue eyes.

I think it was at that moment, when I saw his beautiful smile I fell in love with him.

We kissed. His lips hot; his tongue searching out mine. I squeezed his cock harder and I felt it twitch and expand in my hand. He held me tight and we lost ourselves in the music, and the moment.

After a short while he roused me from my reverie and said, "Look over there."

When my eyes adjusted to the dimness, I looked where he pointed and saw a cluster of men and boys lounging in varying positions, they appeared to be watching something.

As I looked closer it surprised me to see a naked boy on his knees, his hands and mouth feverishly working on a very large cock. The boy was completely visible, but a partition hid the identity of the man he was servicing. I could see the man's lower torso, his pants were down around his ankles, but I couldn't see him from the chest up.

The boy's head and body were illuminated by a bright spotlight. He was the center of attention. I watched his face and hands as he licked and sucked the impressive cock while his hands stroked the thick shaft and massaged the huge ball sac hanging between the standing man's open legs. The boy was obviously aroused: his penis stood straight up from his shaved crotch.

Mr. Steele's voice startled me: "The next time we come here – that will be you on your knees."

My legs almost buckled but he held me firm, his baritone voice chuckling in my ear.

The song ended and Mr. Steele said: "We'll go outside now – you will hold my cock the entire way to the car."

"Y-Yes, Sir," I answered obediently.

I saw men staring at us and heard soft laughter. I suddenly felt pride, and not embarrassment. The door was ten-feet in front of us when it swung open and in walked an old, wrinkled man with a young boy. The man smiled when he saw us.

"Daniel," he cried out to Mr. Steele. "Good to see you again! My-my...what do we have here? You have a new boy, Daniel? I didn't know."

"Hi Charlie," Mr. Steele replied. "Yes, I may have found a replacement for Roger. This is our first night together so it's too soon to know for sure."

I felt slightly hurt by his words. I'd thought my obedience had made my intentions quite clear. I was more determined than ever to prove to Mr. Steele that I was his 'boy'.

"He sure is a pretty little thing. You think he'll take easy to his training?" asked the wrinkled old man.

Mr. Steele smiled as he looked at me and said, "I think I can turn-out Johnny in less than a week!"

For some reason I smiled back at him. The old man didn't seem to notice or care that I had my hand in Mr. Steele's slacks and was obviously holding his cock.

"Well, good luck, Daniel – hope it works out – he sure is one of your prettier ones!"

"Thanks, Charlie."

Then we were finally out the door walking to his car. His cock began to throb in my hand. I squeezed it and gave it a couple of quick strokes.

We stood beside his car door. The night air felt good on my face. He kissed my lips and brushed my hair back.

"Sweetie," he began, "I won't be able to last until we get home – your hand is driving me crazy. When we get inside you are going to strip naked, neatly fold your clothes and place them on the back seat, do you understand?"
