 There weren't many people at the Race & Sports Book Bar at Bellagio so I was able to get a seat facing the entrance to the Poker Room. 

I slid a hundred-dollar bill into the video poker machine in front of me and played one hand before the bartender greeted me. I ordered a gin & tonic, played a couple more hands until the drink arrived, then sat back, nursed the drink, and watched the action in the Poker Room.

The poker players came in all shapes and sizes and ages, but most were fairly young and male, and some of them were downright gorgeous. I envied the ease and confidence with which they moved about in that world. 

In all the years I'd been coming to Las Vegas, I never found the nerve to walk into a Poker Room and play a "live game"-I always chose the safety and anonymity of machines that demanded nothing more from me than my time and money.

I was more comfortable cursing a machine under my breath for not filling a flush or full house than confrontations with real people.

And then I saw him-he was standing at the podium talking with an employee; he was obviously getting his name on the waiting list...I couldn't take my eyes off him: five-ten or eleven, a hundred-and-eighty pounds...short black hair, nice biceps, and the face and body of a Greek God.

My heart actually fluttered, and I had to surreptitiously reach below the bar counter and adjust my foreskin back over the glans of my rapidly stiffening prick.

I could clearly see his big and bright blue eyes from thirty-feet away. He was either in his late twenties, or early thirties, and judging by the number of employees and other players greeting him with wide smiles, he was not only well-known here, but popular, too.

pictured him naked-broad shoulders, sculpted chest, powerful thighs...and by the bulge in his jeans, I could see him with an erection proudly jutting straight-out, at least six or seven inches long, towering over two large, egg-shaped balls. 

Once again I had to push the foreskin back over my blood-engorged cockhead.

When I snapped out of my reverie I noticed he was looking in my direction.

Oh my God-is he looking at ME? Did he catch me staring at him?

An almost imperceptible smile played across his full and pouty lips. He said something to the employee then walked out of the Poker Room in my direction. I swore his beautiful blue eyes were trained intently on me. I felt my face flush as I finally averted my gaze back to my poker machine. 

My breathing quickened when he came around the bar, stood behind the chair next to mine and asked in a husky, yet mellifluous voice, "Is anyone sitting here?"

My hands began to tremble, and I was barely able to say, "N-No, it's all yours!"

I cursed myself for sounding like a shy high school girl talking to the captain of the football team for the first time.

As soon as he sat down he leaned over to me and softly said with a slight smile, "I saw you staring at me in the Poker Room-do you like what you see, old man?"

My face turned fifty shades of red; I had to blink away tears of embarrassment.

"N-No-no-no-it's not like that-I thought you looked familiar!" I lied.

He chuckled and said, "Uh-huh-sure..."

He ordered a San Pellegrino from the bartender and made no move to pay for it.

The bartender looked at me and said, "Since you're playing the machine, I'll comp your friends drink!"

"Oh-thanks," I replied.

When the bartender left he asked me, "First time in Vegas?" 

"No, I usually make it here once or twice a year..." I said. Good Lord, this guy is even more gorgeous close-up-he really does look like a Greek God. "...first time I've stayed at Bellagio, though."

"Are you married?" he asked.

"No...I never found a woman who could put up with me for any length of time," I said self-deprecatingly.

He smirked and said, "Yeah-uh huh, I'm sure that's it."

I found myself blushing again. I was probably twenty-five years older than this kid but he made me feel timid and self-conscious.

He said, "I'm sure you know the saying,'What happens in Vegas-stays in Vegas?" (I nodded my head)-"...have you ever done anything in Vegas that no one back home knows about?"

I blushed a deep red once again, and thought "Damnit-why do I keep doing that?

Then to my utter shock and disbelief, I felt his strong hand on my thigh, close enough he could feel my now-throbbing hard-on.

He squeezed my thigh and said, "Yeah, that's what I thought!"

I gulped down my drink and ordered another one. I took several large sips then asked him, "What's your name?"

With a sweet smile on his beautiful face, he answered, "My friends call me Eric-but you can call me 'Sir'!" and he squeezed my thigh again and this time, OH MY GOD-the back of his hand boldly brushed my erection. I thought my balls would explode right then and there.

He leaned in and whispered, "You know, old man, the waiting list for poker is rather long tonight-how about we go to your room and I'll make you my bitch for a couple hours?"

This time he took hold of my prick, squeezed it hard, and my balls erupted. I held onto the bar-top to control my upper body movements while my hips squirmed and shook. Streams of cum filled my briefs; I did my best to keep my moans and groans soft enough so no one else but he and I could hear them.

When my body finally came to rest, shame and disgust overwhelmed me. I frantically looked all-around but everyone else at the bar were staring zombie-like at the machines before them...thankfully, no one noticed I'd just ejaculated in my pants.

Once again he whispered in my ear, "If you liked that, old man, imagine how much you'll love my hard cock in your ass!"

He took my hand and I could feel my wetness on his flesh; I had cum so much it leaked thru not only my briefs, but my slacks as well. He pressed my hand firmly to his crotch-OH MY GOD-what a wonderfully hard cock he had. He moved my hand back-and-forth over his erection.

He whispered, 'If you want to be my submissive little bitch tonight, squeeze my cock and say, 'Yes, Sir, please make me your bitch tonight'!"

My heart leapt and my breath caught in my throat. I realized he'd taken his hand off mine and I was stroking his cock on my own. I couldn't believe how excited I was...I hadn't lost my erection.

I hurriedly gulped down my drink, squeezed his manly cock and whispered to him, "Yes, Sir, please make me your bitch tonight!"

From the bar to the hotel elevators was about a three-minute walk. I'd had to untuck the dress shirt from my slacks to cover-up the huge wet stain on my crotch.

I quickly became aware of all the admiring glances the pretty women were giving Eric, err, I mean 'Sir.' Even some men snuck peeks at him. There's nothing quite like walking closely beside someone who commands such attention. It were as though just the fact I was with him, earned me respect and admiration too.

A couple security guards were checking people's room keys before they allowed them on elevators. I showed mine to one of the guards, pointed at 'Sir' and said, "He's with me!"

A sly smile spread across the guards face and he said sarcastically, "Yes, you and your SON may proceed!"

I blushed and thought, "What an asshole!" as we found an open elevator door and climbed aboard.

Once inside the room, 'Sir' wasted no time...he sat on the edge of the king-sized bed and began taking off his shoes.

He said to me, "Get naked, old man!" Then I saw his eyes on my crotch-stain and he added: "...and clean yourself, too!"

"Yes, Sir," I replied.

I stripped off my clothes and rushed into the bathroom. I ran a washcloth over my crotch, dried myself with a thick and rich towel, then walked into the room to find 'Sir' standing wearing only his jeans.

OH MY GOD-WHAT A CHEST!! Sculpted, six-pak abs, rippling biceps...he motioned me to him...my erection bobbing before me.

He took me in his arms. He was a good four-inches taller than me, and when we hugged I'd never felt so safe and secure. He tilted my head back and kissed my lips.

Ooooo...I thought I'd died and gone to heaven. His lips were soft, yet insistent; he worked his tongue into my mouth and I greedily sucked on it. He took my hand and placed it on his bulge...I squeezed and stroked him until I could feel it twitching in his jeans.

"Take off my pants!" he ordered, staring into my eyes.

I felt for his belt and he immediately stopped me. I looked questioningly into his beautiful blue eyes.

"A man like you should always be on his knees when he takes down the pants of a real man!" he said.

My head swooned-my breath caught in my throat.

"Y-Yes, Sir," I said and slid to my knees.

The trembling I'd experienced earlier was gone...I felt nothing now but pure lust and desire. I quickly opened his jeans, pulled down the zipper, then hooked my fingers in the waistband and tugged at them and his boxer shorts until I was rewarded with the sight of the most perfect, hard penis I'd ever seen.

My nostrils flared as I inhaled his manly aroma deeply into my lungs. The musky, sensuous smell made my balls ache; my hard-on throbbed and pulsated.

I finished getting him naked, and gazed adoringly at his magnificent, rock-hard cock. I lowered my eyes and gasped...two huge balls stretched the taut flesh of his scrotum...I couldn't resist-I took his scrotum in hand and showered his balls with licks and kisses.

His big, strong hands held my head still. "I'll let you suck my balls later-I'm horny as hell right now-suck my cock, old man-suck me off and eat my cum!"

I gasped, "Yes, Sir-thank you, Sir!"

I took another deep breath savoring his aroma; wet my lips with my tongue and slid them over his plum-colored cockhead. His groans made my head dizzy; my prick lurched and jumped.

I've received hundreds of compliments over the years for the skillful use of my lips and tongue. Men really don't have to say in words to me what their bodies are already telling me, and Sir was no different.

His non-stop moans; his hips gently forcing more and more of his hardness into my greedily sucking mouth. I caressed and stroked his shaft with a pressure I knew he'd like...I rolled his huge balls in my hand, all the while wondering if I'd be able to swallow all of the precious liquid they held. 

I bobbed my head faster and harder; I stroked him as fast as my small hand would move...his groans filled the room-his balls suddenly contracted in my hand and his cock expanded in my mouth. I flattened my tongue over his slit and waited...

He gripped my head and rammed his cock deep into my mouth until it hit the back of my throat. He let loose with a wild scream and his hips bucked and jerked as he filled my mouth with jet after jet of hot and creamy semen and sperm.

I was able to capture and swallow every drop of his delicious elixir. I can always tell instantly if the man I'm sucking takes care of himself and eats a healthy diet-their cum tastes almost like honey...Sir definitely takes care of himself and eats healthy!

His spasms subsiding, I licked his cockhead clean until he could take no more and pulled his flaccid penis from my mouth.

"Good God, old man-that was fantastic-you're one helluva cocksucker!" he said while gulping for air.

He didn't have to say it-his body had already spoken for him. I could have just said "Thank you, Sir" but my balls were aching for relief and I was feeling bold and confident now so I winked at him and said "You haven't seen anything yet!"

The expression on his face was a mixture of reverence and awe but that didn't change his aggressive demeanor.

He ripped back the bedspread, lay down on his back in the middle of the bed, spread his legs wide, and commanded, "Kneel between my legs, old man-let's see how long it takes you to get my dick hard again!"

I groaned at his words...oh how I love a forceful, hunk-of-a-man!

I scurried between his powerful thighs and didn't wait for further instructions. I cupped his ball sac in my right-hand and lowered my face to his now-sweaty balls...I moaned again as his strong, manly aroma wafted into my nose...it always amazed me how a man's odor made my balls ache and my prick twitch and jump.

I loved licking the sweat off the scrotum's of manly young men-the flesh down there was still firm and smooth-not all wrinkly like guys my age-and the taste and aroma was fresh and young.

I had his ball sac glistening with saliva when I heard him say, "Suck my balls, bitch!"

I groaned and replied, "Yes, Sir!"

Usually, I could fit a man's entire scrotum in my mouth and tongue-bathe both balls at the same time-not so with his huge eggs! I took one nut in my mouth and showered it with attention-my tongue working non-stop, never tiring...when he moaned, I sucked his other ball deep into my greedy mouth.

His long, flaccid penis was beginning to rise. I decided to abandon his balls and concentrate on the object of my desire.

My hands and lips and tongue went to work on his long, and smooth cock. I loved his taste, and the heat radiating from his rapidly expanding manhood. I plastered my tongue to the sensitive underside of his prick and ran it up and down a bulging vein...my hands, meanwhile, stroked, caressed and fondled his shaft and balls.

When his cock was at full erection, I sucked on his glans and feverishly licked beneath the majestic crown.

His moans became, once again, non-stop-it was time to coax the boiling cum out of his balls so I could revel in its texture and taste.

I sucked like a man possessed-furiously working his cock. By the movement of his hips, and his exclamations of unbridled joy and lust, I knew he'd never experienced a blowjob like this one.

When he began thrusting his hips upward, I took advantage and reached beneath him and placed a finger on his anus. I gently rubbed it with circular motions...I waited...I sucked his cock and massaged his puckered hole until I felt his body suddenly go stiff...I pushed my finger into his asshole up to the first knuckle and he almost leapt off the bed...I heard the loud cries of a man out of control...his body shook, the bed vibrated, I had difficulty keeping his cockhead in my mouth as he shot load-after-load of his honey-like cum into my mouth...I frantically swallowed three-four-five strong jets of semen and sperm...

He was groaning with ecstasy long after the semen ceased leaking from his deflated penis. His body shivered when I lapped-up the remnants of cum off his now-ultra-sensitive cock-flesh.

I allowed him to rest awhile before I took my pleasure. He looked so peaceful and angelic as he lightly snored.

I took the opportunity to use a warm washcloth on his crotch then prepared myself for the main event. I loved the slipperiness of the baby oil in my asshole-it made me somehow feel both masculine and feminine.

When I was ready, I pushed his legs apart and took my place kneeling between them. I kissed and licked and caressed and fondled his manly equipment. His long penis stirred before he came fully awake.

When he became conscious of my actions, he groaned in a surprised voice, "Ohhh-again? I dunno if I can..."

I chuckled and said, "Don't worry, baby-leave everything to the old man."

I forcefully pushed his knees back to his chest and buried my face between his upturned buttocks. He groaned again when he felt my tongue lathering his anus.

Wasting no time, I worked my tongue into him and licked the walls of his asshole. I studied his reaction-his cock twitched, so I knew he liked it, but for my purposes, I wanted him hard-as-a-rock.

Slowly, I tongue-fucked his asshole while I caressed his balls and the shaft of his manly cock. I stroked his belly and thighs, even massaged his breasts and pinched his nipples into hard little points.

My own excitement grew as I watched his cock slowly rise from the dead. It took about fifteen minutes of working his asshole before I had him fully functional again. He was now wide awake and ready for more.

I raised my head from his crotch, stared into his beautiful blue eyes, and said, "Please, Sir, I want to feel you inside me-please fuck me in the ass, Sir-pleeeezzzzzz..."

I smiled to myself when I saw the lust in his eyes.

"Get on all-fours on the end of the bed, old man!" he said. His vim and vigor fully restored.

"Yes, Sir!" I said, and promptly obeyed him as he hopped off the bed.

Standing behind me, his bulbous cockhead poised at my entrance, I became impatient, reached back and took hold of his cock and pressed it to my anus. I wriggled my hips until the entire glans was inside me then thrust myself backward swallowing the entire length of his wonderful weapon.

"OH GOD, YES!" I cried out when his glans struck my prostate. I've always found that delaying my climax gives me the most explosive orgasm when the time comes, so to speak.

I have also discovered that moaning and groaning and crying out my pleasure really turns-on my lovers, getting them as excited as I am.

He held my hips and began plowing in-and-out of me. God how I love the feel of strong hands holding me in place.

When he began moaning, and expressing his pleasure, I was relieved. I understand my asshole isn't as tight as it was thirty-years ago, so sometimes I worry my lover isn't having as much fun as I am.

We settled into a workman-like rhythm. I met his every thrust by screwing my hips backward and impaling myself onto his magnificent cock. 

I was like a bitch-in-heat-the only thought in my head was his long, thick cock pounding my pussy. I began babbling incoherently and that spurred him to fuck me even harder.

The cum in my balls began churning...it was too soon-I didn't want to climax just yet.

"Baby..." I said, "...I want you on top of me!"

"OH GOD, YEAH!" he shouted.

He pulled out and I quickly lay on my back, head resting on the pillow, and opened my legs for him.

He was on top of me in an instant...he climbed between my wide-split legs...I raised my knees to give him clear access to my asshole...he found my opening and rammed into me so hard it took my breath away.

I wrapped my legs around his broad and powerful back and held onto him for dear life.

We worked as a team-when he shoved his hips forward, I used the strength of my legs around his back to pull him as deeply inside me as possible. I loved this position most of all...it not only gave me more control over my own ass-fucking, but more importantly, when his entire cock was inside me, my own erection rubbed against the hot flesh of his firm belly.

Sure, I could climax doggy-style, but it was much, much more exciting to feel my prick rub against a mans flesh.

I calculated his first two orgasms took enough out of him so he could fuck me for at least fifteen minutes so I laid back, pulled him into me with my legs and absolutely loved and adored his every grunting thrust.

He thrust and my legs pulled...the room became noticeably hotter...I threw my arms around his broad shoulders, thrilled by his rippling biceps...I don't know why, but I love being pinned beneath the weight of a strong man-feeling helpless-like I was powerless to stop him from having his way with me.

Our groans became louder...my head rolled from side-to-side...I felt nothing but the sweet agony of the semen and sperm boiling in my balls...our sweaty bodies writhing and humping like animals...

...and then it happened...we both screamed filling the room with blood-curdling cries of pleasure and ecstasy...I felt the first hot jet of cum scald the walls of my asshole...that set me off-I pulled him to me so his weight pressed my exploding prick between both our bellies...our bodies lurched and jumped and nearly bucked off the bed in sweet throes of unbelievable pleasure...

Oh my God-that was fantastic! I thought as he collapsed his full weight upon me.
