 It was one of those mornings. 

After a late Thursday night out on the town with no action, I awoke early the next morning incredibly horny. Thankfully, Fridays had become really slow at the office during the weeks leading up to and immediately following the holidays. As I laid there in bed contemplating my throbbing cock, I made an executive decision. I reached over and retrieved my laptop from my nightstand and logged into our HR website to report that I was sick and wouldn't be coming into the office. I hadn't taken a day off in months, so I didn't think a little personal down time would be an issue, and thankfully, it wasn't. Moments later, I received an auto-generated confirmation, so I laid my laptop aside and rolled over, thinking I might go back to sleep. 

In spite of my best efforts, my raging hard-on was not going to allow it. "Now what?" I wondered. 

Knowing I had a three-day weekend ahead only seemed to fuel my desire. I reached over and again opened my laptop. Resigned to jerking off to some hot porn scene, I immediately went to one of my favorite sites and began searching popular categories. As I continued to scroll through the various topics, I became fixated on one in particular - "Cum In Mouth". Each clip that I watched got me more and more aroused, but instead of focusing on the scenes from the man's point of view, I found myself focusing on how much the women seemed to enjoy sucking and ultimately swallowing their partner's cum.

It wasn't as though I had never done it before. In fact, my very first live sexual encounter had been with a much older man, and during the 15 or so years since then, I have enjoyed several same-sex encounters. But like a lot of straight guys who have 'experimented' with men, my desire to perform fellatio, and in the extreme rare case, engage in anal sex, seemed to come and go in phases. On this particular morning, however; the urge was overwhelming and each scene brought back stirring memories of the times I'd allowed my mouth and throat to be used for another man's pleasure.

Given that it was still a few minutes before six, I figured the only practical way to find a hook-up was to go online. Most guys, myself included, tend to prefer morning sex. It was also one of the most convenient times of the day for married men to carve out some free time. I thought I would begin my search on Craigslist and if that didn't work, I'd move on to one of the other sites that catered to closeted bi men. 

My preference was always to find married, masculine guys who were looking for a bj or possibly a quick fuck for the simple reasons they were less likely to want more than just a casual encounter and were more likely to be clean and disease-free. I really wasn't holding out much hope of finding someone who fit my criteria on such short notice, but, then again, it wouldn't hurt to look.

Incredibly, after scanning the first few postings on CL's Casual Encounters m-4-m section, I ran across the following ad:

I am a str8 regular 44yr old guy looking for a regular friend who likes to suck and loves to swallow clean loads. I am not looking to recip, just want someone to hang out with who will drain me whenever I need it. I am ddf hiv neg and plan to stay that way. I am 6 ½ cut. Looking to keep this discreet. Please reply with pic, stats, location. I'm real. It's colder this morning, Not into long back and forth emails. On SW side of town. Looking for a cocksucker who can host this morning!

I couldn't believe it! Maybe I was in luck after all. I checked the time of the posting, which showed it had only been up an hour. Hoping I wasn't too late, I quickly put together my response. Less than five minutes later, he e-mailed me back that he was definitely interested. He had also enclosed a cock-pic, which I had requested. That, too, was almost too good to be true. His pic showed a nicely proportioned, cut cock with neatly trimmed pubes and shaved balls.

I was so excited at that point, my hands were literally shaking as I typed out my response, which included my phone number, the neighborhood where my apartment was located, as well as an inquiry as to what time I could expect him. He immediately responded that he was just getting in the shower and that he could be at my place within the hour. He said that he would call me when he was on his way. "Okay, talk to you in a few," I wrote. 

Not knowing exactly how long it would be before he called, I showered as well. I was also hoping to have a few minutes to pick up my place, set out a few towels and turn up the heater to remove any chill from the air. As it turned out, I had plenty of time. Nearly an hour had passed and I still hadn't heard from him. I checked my phone. Nothing. Email. Nothing. That hour turned into 90 minutes. Again, I checked my phone and email. Nothing. "That's great," I thought. "Another CL flake. Just my luck, he probably jacked off while he was in the shower and changed his mind."

It wouldn't have been the first time I'd been stood-up from by a CL hook-up. I had once exchanged emails and texts with a guy for over three weeks. Although he seemed interested and sent me numerous pics, he repeatedly made excuses why he couldn't meet. One afternoon, out of the blue, he sent an email letting me know he could meet me that evening if was available. I told him that would be fine. He even called just as he was leaving work, asking for my address and telling me he was on his way. From my living room window I could see the street below. I watched as a car pulled up and parked, and a man matching his description got out. I even heard his footsteps on the stairs as he made his way up to my apartment. Seconds later, as I sat waiting for doorbell to ring, I heard footsteps trailing back down the stairs and I watched him as he got back in his car and drove away. Not surprisingly, I never heard from him again.

I was just about to put this guy in that category when my phone rang.

"Hey," said the voice on the other end of the line. "Are you the guy from Craigslist?"

"Uh, yea," I said. "Are you still interested?"

"Yeah, I'm just pulling out of my driveway now. Are you still available?" he asked.

"Yeah, I'm good. I've got the day off," I responded.

"Ok, cool. Go ahead and text me your address. I have a pretty good idea of where you're at, so I should be there in about 15 minutes," he said.

"Alright, see you in a bit," I said, as I typed out my address and sent it to him.

As I sat waiting, I watched another short porn clip. I could feel the butterflies in my stomach. I also felt my cock, which had softened during the wait, began to spring back to life. 

I guess I had gotten so engrossed in the video that I lost track of the time. Before I knew it, I heard someone knocking. I quickly got up and opened the door. I must have had a surprised look on my face because the first thing he said was, "Hi, I hope I have the right address..."

"Yeah, this is it," I said and invited him to come in. Closing the door behind him, I began by making a bit of small talk. "Wow, it's really cold out there this morning isn't it?"

"Yeah, and hey, I'm sorry about running late. I got caught by the wife just as I was leaving. She had to remind me that it was trash day and when I came back inside, she had poured me a cup of coffee, so I drank it as fast as I could."

"Hey, no worries. I will admit, though, I thought you had flaked," I said with a laugh.

"No. Just one of those things... I don't think you told me your name? I'm Roger," he said, extending his hand.

"I'm John," I responded, reaching out to complete the handshake. "Here, let me take your jacket. Why don't you go ahead and get comfortable. So, what are you thinking..."

"Oh man, well like I said in the ad, I'm really just looking for a blowjob," he said. "So, you're into sucking cock?"

"Uh, yeah," I said. "Every now and then."

"You live here alone?" he asked, looking around the room.

"Yes. It's not much, but it's home," I said.

"Well, it's a nice place," he said. "It must be great being single and not to having to answer to anyone - to come and go when you want..."

"Yeah, I do enjoy the freedom, but it can also get lonely at times. I try to stay busy. I work a lot," I said.

"Do you like women or are you strictly into guys?" he continued.

"I definitely like women. In fact, my last girlfriend and I were together nearly three years before we broke up. We ended it on good terms though. It was just that she took a job in New York, and we both realized that it just wasn't going to work out."

"Wow, that's too bad. Or maybe good. You never know," he said, pausing. "So, I don't mean to rush things, but I've got to be at work soon..."

"Yeah, oh yeah," I said. "Why don't you go ahead and take off your pants?"

As Roger removed his slacks, I made my way over, knelt and scooted in front of him until the bulge in his boxer briefs was just inches from my face.

For an older guy, Roger appeared to be in pretty good shape. Unlike a lot of men his age, his stomach and chest were still firm. His thighs were well-toned and his calve muscles were large and well-defined. 

"Man, you have no idea how long I've waited for this," he said. "My wife never sucks my dick anymore and it has been several months since we've fucked. I hope you're ready."

"Oh, I'm ready," I assured him, as I reached up and fished his hardening cock from his underwear. I knew one thing - I was not going to be disappointed, and I was determined that he wasn't going to be either. I gave his cock a couple of light strokes before putting it to my lips.

"Oh, yeah," he whispered. "That's it."

I placed the head of his cock in my mouth and began applying a moderate amount of suction while I pulled his underwear down to his ankles. I held it there until he had stepped free. He tasted and smelled amazingly clean.

I then placed my hands on this thighs and began to work my mouth up and down his rapidly hardening shaft. My efforts were met with Roger's shallow thrusts. In less than a couple of minutes, I was able to swallow every inch of his thick cock, pausing occasionally to press my nose into his neatly trimmed pubic hair. Sensing that his orgasm was already building, I pulled off his cock and turned my attention to his balls, sucking each one into my mouth and licking the underside with upward thrusts of my tongue.

"Fuck," he moaned. "Damn, that feels good."

After about seven or eight minutes in the standing position, Roger suggested we move to the couch. He sat near the end and spread his legs wide so as to give me full access to his now glistening crotch. I quickly crawled over and, still on my knees, resumed sucking his cock. This time I began to apply maximum suction. I could sense his orgasm mounting with each bob of my head. 

I faintly remember him grabbing me by the back of my head and holding me in place as he began to push his hips upward in an increasingly rapid motion. He continued to fuck my mouth like that for another few minutes until I raised up and suggested he come with me to the bedroom. If he wanted to finish by fucking my mouth, I had the perfect position, I thought.

"Come with me. I have an idea," I said, as we walked into the room.

Once inside, I walked around my bed and laid crossways on my back with my head extending over the edge. He immediately realized what I was up to and accommodated me by bending his knees slightly and guiding his cock into my upturned mouth.

Although he started slowly, before long, Roger was fucking my mouth as if it were the finest pussy on earth. For someone who seemed to be in such a hurry at first, he was certainly taking his time cumming. With each thrust, I could feel his full balls bouncing off of my nose and eyelids. Occasionally, he would pause long enough to force his cock into my throat, pressing his balls tightly against my face.

Lying there getting my face fucked like that had made me incredibly horny. Hoping to time our orgasms, I reached down and began stroking my cock inside my shorts. Moments later, I felt Roger's cock swelling. With one hard thrust and a loud groan, he began emptying his load. I quickly used my tongue to push his cock over into my cheek as his hot, salty cum spewed into the back corner of my mouth. 

At that point, my mouth had been filled to overflow. He slowed his strokes withdrew all but the tip of his cock, which allowed me to raise my head and swallow. I knew his cock would be sensitive, but I wanted him to continue fucking my mouth until I had drained him of every last drop. I was also close to coming too.

With my free hand, I reached out and pulled him toward me. He obliged by continuing to fuck my throat in long, slow strokes. Forming a ring with thumb and index finger, I placed my hand at the base of his cock, which had the effect of squeezing out any remaining cum. Seconds later, my orgasm exploded, soaking my hand and shorts. It was without a doubt, one of the most powerful climaxes I had ever experienced.

All I could think to say was, "Wow! Fuck!"

"I know," Roger said, as he turned and sat on the bed beside my head. "That was awesome. That had to be the best fucking blowjob I've ever had - and I've had quite a few. Damn man! Thanks!"

I rolled over onto my stomach to give my aching neck and jaws a break. "Fuck! You know, when I woke up this morning and started thinking about how this day might go, I never would have imagined it would be this good," I said, adding, "No, thank you!"

"No shit!" John, "I can't remember when I've cum that hard, that much, for so long! Just fucking awesome!"

Not wanting to ruin the moment, but also not wanting to delay Roger, I asked him how he was doing on time. 

"Oh, shit, yeah. I probably should get cleaned up and hit the road," he said.

"The bathroom is right through there," I said, pointing to the hallway. "There's fresh towels next to the sink."

"Thanks, man," he said, jostling the hair on the back of my head.

"Don't mention it," I said.

While Roger was washing up, I got up, removed my shorts and toweled off the best I could. I was sure my entire apartment smelled like sex at that point.

"Let me know if you're ever up for a repeat," Roger said as he re-dressed. "Like I put in the ad, I'm looking for a regular. I really felt comfortable with you, and I don't think there can be any doubt I enjoyed it."

"I'm good with that," I said. "As to the next time, I'll leave that up to you. I definitely enjoyed it, but you're the one with the wife and family to work around. I'd love to suck that cock again. Just shoot me a text when you think you might be free and up for round two and I'll try my best to make it happen."

"Great," he said. "I'll probably be texting you mid-next week. Obviously, mornings are better for me, but I might be able to get away during the weekend - maybe even occasionally during the evening."

"Ok, sounds good. Have a good weekend and I'll look forward to hearing from you next week."

Late that same afternoon, I received a text from Roger. It read: "John, thanks again for such a cool start to the day. My golf outing scheduled for tomorrow just got cancelled. Do you have any plans in morning, say around eight or so? Let me know. Thanks."

I replied: "That could work. Doing some shopping right now. Give me a call on your way home from work and we'll talk."

Roger's call came in just a few minutes before 5 p.m. "Hey John, I hope this is a good time," he said. 

"Yeah, yeah," I responded. "I just wanted to talk to you about tomorrow. It's kind of early, but I can make it work."

"Well, if that's too early..."

"No, that's fine," I said. "So what are we talking about? Are you thinking about another bj?"

"Yeah," Roger said. "I couldn't stop thinking about it all day."

"Alright, another blowjob it is then," I chuckled. "I'll see you around eight. Do me a favor though. If you change your mind, just shoot me a text to let me know so I'm not sitting around with my thumb up my ass waiting."

"Now there's a visual!" he responded with a laugh. "No problem. I'll see you bright and early tomorrow. I'll call you when I'm on my way."

True to his word, Roger called at 7:50. Fifteen minutes later, he was again standing in my living room as I knelt in front of him. On this morning, he wasted no time removing his pants and underwear. Perhaps it was because he was now familiar with me and the surroundings, but he seemed to be much more aggressive. While yesterday I had been the initiator, that would not be the case today. 

At the outset, Roger placed his hand on the back of my head firmly guided me down on his cock. "That's it. Taste that? I want you to suck and swallow every single drop of my cum. Understood?" he said, pushing my face into his crotch. I had no choice. I complied fully.

Within seconds, he was fucking my mouth in long, hard strokes. "You like that cock, don't you?" he asked rhetorically, knowing full well I couldn't possibly answer with his dick in my mouth. "Yeah, you cocksucker. I want you to my swallow every drop, just like yesterday. Are you ready for another big load?"

All I could do was look up and nod. "Good," he said. "Now show me how much you want it."

As soon as I was able to come up for air, I asked him if he wanted to go back in the bedroom.

"No, I'm I want you to finish me right here," he said. "Now, show me how hard you can suck, and this time, no hands."

Again, I did as I was told. Placing my hands behind my back, I leaned forward and took him as deep as I could. "That's a good cocksucker," he said. "Now, suck harder! Show me how much you want it!"

As he spoke, he began fucking my mouth harder. "Oh yeah, oh yeah," he grunted. "Suck that hard dick. Suck it!"

My jaws were aching at that point. Between the workout they had gotten the day before and the rough treatment of this session, I wasn't sure how much longer I could keep it up. Fortunately, I wouldn't have to.

With his next thrust, his orgasm ripped from his cock with even more force than it had the previous day. The first burst went straight into my throat, while the next few were disbursed across my tongue and throughout my mouth. Holding my head with both hands, he continued to fuck my mouth as I worked to swallow every drop that oozed from his swollen red cock.

"Damn man, you didn't disappoint," he said, as he walked over and flopped onto my sofa. "How'd you like it?"

"What do you think?" I asked, slowly while getting to my feet and wiping a mixture of cum and saliva from the corners of my mouth with the back of my hand. "For someone who shot a huge load yesterday, I think you topped it today."

"You liked that, huh? Well, I've got plenty more where that came from. Unfortunately, it will have to wait for another day. I've got to get going. I told my wife that my game got cancelled today, but that I was going to the driving range to hit a few buckets of balls. Now she's expecting me home early to take her to breakfast," he explained. "You have any big plans for the rest of the weekend?"

"Not really," I said. "I think I'm just going to chill out here most of the day. I might go out with a few friends tonight. That's about it."

"Alright then," he said, as he began getting dressed. "I'll let you know about next week - that is if I haven't worn you out?" he laughed.

"Not at all," I said. "It's not often I do this, but I enjoy it. Just let me know how your schedule goes."

"I will," he said. "And thanks again."

As soon as Roger had left, I pulled out my cock and began jerking off. Replaying the memory of his hard cock spewing hot cum in my mouth, I came so hard that I literally saw stars.

Roger and I continued to meet, albeit with increasingly less frequency, throughout that winter. Later the next spring, I began a great relationship with a woman I met through work and backed off on m-4-man action completely - but that's not to say I might not try it again someday when the urge strikes.