 Lie back and get ready, this is going to be a long and enjoyable read!

Continuation...

https://www.literotica.com/s/my-first-time-with-another-man-1

https://www.literotica.com/s/2-cocksluts-share-a-big-cock

https://www.literotica.com/s/a-big-black-fantasy

I apologise for the long wait, things weren't turning out as I had planned between Daniel, 'Big' Randall and myself. Fortunately this past New Years Eve my latest and most erotic fantasy of having two big cocks at the same time finally came true.

If you've read my previous entries, then you will know my desire to worship big cock and Daniel's was my first, if you haven't then here's a quick summary. Years of desire to worship big cock led me to a craigslist post from Daniel. He was 43 and looking for a 'blowjob buddy to give regular head with no strings', I summoned the courage and after some back and forth text messaging I arrived at Daniel's house and proceeded to fulfill all the fantasies I had in his very bedroom. Unfortunately as with anything, fulfilling your desires only leads to more desirable fantasies, the next of which was to share Daniel's big cock with a fellow cock-worshipping slut. A fantasy which became a reality quicker than I expected. This leads me to my final desire, having 2 big cocks in my mouth at the same time.

In my previous post I spoke about my meeting with Daniel's friend 'big' Randall, a large black man with an even larger black cock. My hope was to seduce Randall into letting me take Daniel and him at the same time. Unfortunately a falling out between the two of them meant my mouth would belong only to Daniel for a while longer. Now although I had been regularly visiting Daniel for over a year now, I still wasn't bored in the slightest of worshipping his cock. Daniel however felt it necessary we see each other only a few times a month so as not to 'lose the spark', as he put it. Being away from him for so long left me feeling very sexually frustrated at times, periodically checking craigslist for someone else to meet when he wouldn't reply to my texts. Little did I know he was putting in motion a plan to fulfill my fantasy of worshipping 2 cocks at the same time. 

On New Year's Eve, after 3 weeks of no contact and no big cock to satisfy, a buzz from my phone reveals a text from my man. 

'Put on something cute and meet me at my place in 2 hours.'

'Yes, yes I'll be there, I've been waiting to worship your cock for so long daddy!'

'Let's see how things pan out first.'

This left me feeling slightly confused, was he mad at me? Did I disappoint him somehow? Was I being replaced? I couldn't lose him or his big cock!

I arrived at Daniel's place, god how I missed walking through these doors! He opened the door to reveal himself in a sharp-looking suit to my surprise.

"I missed you daddy!" Were the first words to escape me.

"Come on we're going out tonight." Daniel said.

"Where are we going?" I replied intrigued.

"Relax; it will be worth the wait."

Daniel seemed very tense, like he was extremely horny but was holding back for some reason. During the drive I tried multiple times to seduce and tease him, sucking his finger, caressing the incredible bulge in his pants and even though he kept stopping me I could tell how bad he wanted me. Every few minutes I would tempt fate.

"Just pull over and spank my face with that big cock daddy!"

"Ok fine I won't suck on it just let me lick it, just a little bit!"

"Please daddy I want it, at least let me see it!"

Daniel stayed resolute he had planned something and was obviously sticking to it. I gave up, frustrated and slightly annoyed. We rolled up to what looked a nice nightclub, Daniel knew I would rather stay at home with him, why bring me here? 

"Come on, follow me."

At this point I didn't think I would get in, wearing only short shorts, a midriff top, long socks and slip-ons. Daniel conversed with the security guard, pointing at me; the guard let us both through. Now I've seen some seedy nightclubs but this one was on another level, half-working neon lights, very dimly lit, fairly empty and no women in sight. My god, I've walked into a gay club! My initial panic button is set off when Daniel leaves me alone.

"Just sit down and wait here a minute."

I would catch the gaze of almost every guy in the club, don't get me wrong I love a big cock and pleasuring a man, but some guys are very different to others and there was no-one like Daniel. Peeking at another table I can see a young bottom like myself, he is standing next to an older man who is hard to describe clearly under the dim light. It wasn't hard however, to describe what was happening. The older man places the young bottom's hands on the bulge in his pants; he is starting to get into it, stroking it side to side. What a moment for him, I can still remember my first time, so risky, so erotic but so worth it. The older man holds two fingers right in front of the young bottom's lips; he nods his head as if asking him to suck his fingers. Just as he goes to suck the fingers, the older man moves them slightly away, teasing him. God that was so hot, I was almost forgetting about the fact that I was perhaps being replaced by Daniel. At that point I almost began to walk over there until out the corner of my eye I can just make out Daniel, he's talking to someone at the bar. Daniel turns and points to me, I lock eyes with this mystery man, was he Daniel's friend? Was I being pawned off to someone else? 

As Daniel approached I couldn't help but admire his mystery friend who looked in his late 30's, early 40's. The closer he got the more amazing he looked. Slightly taller than Daniel, looking very muscular in his tight button-up shirt, European-looking, tanned, bald with a sexy stubble beard and most importantly as my gaze lowered he was packing some serious meat. If Daniel was going to pawn me off for a night, then on initial looks this guy is a winner in my book. As they both stopped only inches from where I was sitting in my chair, my mouth was watering at the prospect of worshipping the cock of this European god of a man. 

"This is Manuel; he wants you to worship his cock!"

"Huh?" Was all I could muster from my lips.

"Daniel you can't just pawn me o..." I was stopped before I could finish my sentence as Manuel inched closer and shushed me by placing his finger on my lips. I looked at Daniel but he only stood and watched as Manuel slowly started rubbing his finger across my lips. He inserted his thumb into my mouth and at this point I was totally encapsulated by Manuel, maintaining intense eye contact with him as he teased my lips, tongue and face with his gentle hands. I could tell by the look in his eyes that he wanted me to worship him so badly and of course I felt the exact same way. The image must have been erotic for anyone spectating this, a dimly lit spot in the club, a young boy on a chair slowly seducing a gorgeous European man whose fingers would not escape my mouth as they both imagined how incredible the real thing would be once they made it back to bed. That seemed a long way away at this point, because neither of us could stop the teasing nor break eye contact. I had totally forgotten about Daniel at this point until he broke the erotic silence.

"I've been telling Manuel about our experiences together, he shares my enthusiasm with how you worship cock."

I barely broke eye contact as Daniel was speaking until I heard this.

"I also told him about your little fantasy."

Just as I turned to Daniel I looked up to see his was only inches from me as well, before both he and Manuel stuck a thumb each into my mouth. In my mind I was screaming, it was going to happen, I was at the mercy of two men who wanted me to worship both their big cocks at the same time. All I could muster was a reserved "Fuck"! I put an arm around both Daniel and Manuel to grab hold of their asscheeks and hold them closer. My eyes went from Daniel's to Manuel's and back to Daniel's as they both had their way with my mouth. Fingers and thumbs rubbing my lips, tongue and cheeks all at the same time. This was almost too much for me even though I'd dreamed of it for months, no one should be allowed to experience this much pleasure and I hadn't even taken them to bed yet. 

Manuel hadn't even spoken at this point, he was completely fixated by me, and he won't believe how great I will be at worshipping his big cock! They stood me up off the chair and slowly backed me up against the wall as the teasing continued. Even though it wasn't the real thing, all three of us were really getting into it, I'm basically in super slut mode, holding Manuel and Daniel's hands, slowly sucking two fingers on one hand then switching to the other, and the loud music betrayed the incredible silence between us. I thought this might be a good moment to see how far they would let me go once we got to the bedroom. So I grabbed a hand each and held the two fingers from Manuel and Daniel's hands together so their fingers were touching. I do it very slowly and purposefully while staring at them both so they know what I want. I roll out my tongue and slowly lick from the bottom to the top of the fingers making sure my tongue runs against both Manuel and Daniel's fingers, up and down I go, enjoying every lick. Daniel looks at Manuel as if to say, 'I told you he was a little cock whore', meanwhile Manuel can't take his eyes off me. He knows what I'm insinuating and at the moment he doesn't seem to be fazed by it. They both slide two fingers in, imitating slightly how it might really look, I had them now, there was no way they wouldn't let me do this later. My cock is rock fucking hard upon discovering that this is basically a guarantee. The first matter of business was breaking up this massive hour long cock tease that was going on; unfortunately both Manuel and I were enjoying ourselves too much. Daniel's cool head prevailed as he broke it up with the good news. 

"Ok lovebirds, let's all head back to mine."

"Mhm." was my pleasure filled response. 

Manuel simply nodded to me. They grabbed both my hands and walked me out of the club and back to the car, past the few jealous onlookers that were there. Daniel got in the driver's seat and for a moment it looked like Manuel would jump in the seat next to him, but instead he jumped in the back next to me. This massive, gorgeous, European hunk wanted me so bad. The drive started out normal enough, but Manuel couldn't take it as he leant over to rub his thumb across my lip. Just to tease him, I pull my face away and pout at him. I start licking and biting my lips as Manuel leans back and starts jerking himself slowly, now I can't help myself. We've stopped at a light, so I quickly unbuckle and crawl over to Manuel before sitting on him so we're face to face. I lean in and kiss him, he replies with a kiss of his own. It's passionate and deep but at the end of the day I'm a cock worshipper and kissing is far too boring for me. I push Manuel back against the car seat and bite my lip like a little slut. I go to grab his massive bulge but he grabs me quickly and holds my hands behind my back.

"Oooh yeah baby, you like being dominant huh?" Manuel is silent as usual.

Now I'm sitting on his lap powerless and he takes the opportunity to rub his thumb against my lip, this time however I can't pull away, nor did I want too. It was so erotic the way he teased me, like he had the exact picture in his mind of how his big cock would look rubbing against my lips. I lean in to help with the fantasy enveloping in his mind.

"I love the way you rub your big cock against my lips baby!"

He starts rubbing harder when he hears that. 

"Please baby, please slap me with that big cock!"

So lost in fantasy as he is, Manuel starts slapping his fingers against my lips and tongue. Fuck now I couldn't wait to see how it would really look, how much longer is this drive!? Basically it felt like the longest drive I'd ever been on, re-living that moment at the club and imagining all the amazing sexual fantasies to fulfill back on Daniel's bed. More importantly as I stare into Manuel's eyes while he caresses my lips with his fingers, I thought of how silly I was to get annoyed at Daniel for not seeing me for so long and thinking he was pawning me off. I almost forgot I told him about this fantasy and he did all this for me, well not all for me, for him as well but I was more than ok with that.

We finally arrive back at Daniel's house, the place where it all started and where I will now fulfill my ultimate fantasy! Daniel unbuckles and gets out, unfortunately Manuel and I are stuck in this moment we are having. 

"We should probably get out and join Daniel I said."

Manuel doesn't respond his hands still caressing my entire face. 

"Ok I'll see you two inside." Daniel says as he leaves us be for the moment. 

Manuel unbuckles but instead of getting out of the car he lies back against the car seat and pulls me down to lay on top of him. Manuel may have had a deal with Daniel to share me but I guess he didn't take into account how much he would want me to himself. Again I oblige to Manuel that we should go but his stare is as focused on me as ever. He motions me to start kissing his neck, god I feel so bad for leaving Daniel alone but I'm sure we won't be long out here. I oblige and start kissing Manuel along his neck and I undo just one button to kiss around his neck and upper chest. 

Manuel however is such a little devil and undoes another button, letting me kiss a little lower.

Another button as I reach his upper abs.

Another button as my lips reach his stomach. God he was so ripped!

Manuel undoes the last button on his shirt as I reach his waist. Although I don't really want to stop, Daniel was waiting for us.

"We should really go, Daniel is waiting."

Manuel would not take no for an answer as he slid his thumb into my mouth. God he was determined! He points to his pants, at this point I am so torn between Daniel and Manuel. I know I wasn't choosing but I'm sure Daniel would understand. Besides we won't be here much longer. I undo the button on his pants and give a few kisses across his waist before taking the zipper out of the equation. I pull his pants down to his ankles before lying back down between his chiseled legs. My face only inches from his massive bulge, and I'm not kidding when I say massive. Through the underpants I can see Manuel's cock has a nice fat head as well as two massive balls. How his pants were holding that in I don't know. Just as I'm about to start teasing his boner I ask Manuel weakly one last time.

"Don't you want to go inside so we can join Daniel?"

At this point he may have even said yes but I was now too fixated on that massive erection bursting through his underpants that I didn't care! I let my fingers ever so softly gloss over his bulge as his head drops back in amazement. I drop my head lower so my bottom lip just touches his bulge, as it touches, almost instantly Manuel grabs my forearms and holds them down against the seat next to his stomach. I bite my lip like a slut as I slowly go in to rub my lips all over his cock, softly enough to have him begging for more! His grip gets stronger on my forearms as my lips run across his bulge, never stopping for a moment.

"Oh daddy!" I say ever so softly as I meet his grip on my forearms with my own grip on his forearms. This felt like my first time all over again! 

Now it was time to put my tongue to work as I slid it against his cock from the base all the way to the tip before lifting my head to repeat the process. He could barely look at me anymore as his head was constantly sat back in pleasure. He must have been so horny at this point because he could no longer hold himself together. He released his grip on me and pulled down his underpants to reveal his gorgeous cock.

"Ooooo fuck!" It looked so, fucking, beautiful. Shaved, smooth, not too veiny and the head looked slightly pink and delicious. He held his underpants down to his balls which meant his cock sat up so high, pretty much against my face! He started letting the cock bounce ever so softly against my face all on its own. It felt so good I tucked my hands underneath his asscheeks so he could own my face with it. As I raised my head to let it bounce against my lips, I looked at Manuel and realised that as great as this moment is, looking up and seeing both Manuel and Daniel's big cock's bouncing against my lips at the same time is a once in a lifetime opportunity and something I didn't want to risk losing! 

"I'm sorry Manuel but I want two cocks at the same time, I'm sorry I have to go inside!"

I didn't look back at Manuel as I walked as fast as I could to the front door and to my shock and embarrassment Daniel was standing there watching. Who knows for how long!

"I'm sorry daddy; his cock was just, it felt so good I couldn't help myself!"

"That's ok baby I expected that to happen, just go wait in the kitchen for a moment."

I quickly walk over to sit down at the kitchen table. I'm all flustered and sweating, fuck I can't deny how hot that was, any other time or situation and I would have definitely stayed, but this moment is more important. I see Manuel walk in all dressed up now as he chats to Daniel while they walk up the stairs.

"Wait till I call you." Daniel says to me as they leave my view. It must have been all that sexual frustration that had built up by not seeing Daniel for so long, I couldn't help myself. At least Daniel isn't mad at me. I grab a towel and wipe all the sweat that enveloped me. However when I went to clean my face I realised that it wasn't all sweat, Manuel's precum was still there. God I am such a little cock whore, this got me horny again and took away all the guilt I felt moments ago. What was taking them so long I wanted them right now! I took this quick moment to message my blowjob buddy Alex. For anyone that read one of my previous stories, you will remember Alex. For those that don't, Alex was a 19 year old boy that I introduced to Daniel. We spent the night fulfilling a few fantasies and even since then we continue to share Daniel, both separately and together.

'Hey Alex, guess what I'm about to do?'

I got an instant reply; Alex had obviously been religiously checking his phone for Daniel to message as well since they hadn't done anything for at least a month.

'Please tell me you and Daniel want to meet?? It's been sooooo long!!!!'

Poor guy wasn't going to like this news but maybe it would give him some hope of what might happen to him in the future.

'Actually no, he says he will be meeting you soon but he surprised me with something tonight ;)'

'What surprise??'

'I'll send you a pic soon, but trust me when I tell you a bit of patience goes a long way xo.'

'Kk, have fun :)'

Just as I locked my phone, I heard the voice I was waiting for.

"It's time baby, get up here!"

Walking up the stairs I am just as nervous now as I was the first time I came here to worship Daniel's big cock. Now there were 2 big cocks waiting for me to worship. I climbed the stairs step by step, my heart pounding at this point and as I got to the room I couldn't see Daniel or Manuel on the bed and as I stepped through the door I felt four hands grabbing me, not aggressively but definitely with a rush of adrenaline. Manuel had me from behind kissing my neck, while Daniel made out with me from the front. I helped Daniel take off his shirt and pants, rubbing my face against his bulge as I slowly rose from his feet. God how I missed that cock! Daniel took off my shirt as Manuel took off my shorts leaving me in just a pair of tight underpants. Daniel spun me around and started caressing his cock against my butt as I helped Manuel with his clothes. I rubbed my face against Manuel's cock the same I did Daniel's as I rose, leaving all three of us in just underpants. The dimly lit room hid the sweat that was slowly creeping from our bodies as I was consistently turned around to swap between Manuel and Daniel, passionately kissing them both. They turned me to face the both of them as we continued where we left off at the club, the two of them slowly stroking my face as my hands slowly descended towards the massive cocks bulging through their underpants. 
