 I was scanning through Samual Johnson's medical notes whilst I sat in the passenger seat of Margaret's car on the way to his house. It is always best to look at the patient's medical history before going to see them. This way you know more about them, and the reason for your visit(s) before you arrive. 

Margaret was also chatting to me about Sam, explaining in more detail about what had happened to him. She explained that he was a 29 year old guy who had a motorbike accident and was in hospital for several weeks, due to a very badly damaged leg. They had managed to save it during surgery, and repair broken bones, etc, but now he was home. Although he wasn't yet back at work, he still needed the community district nurses to go twice a week on Mondays and Thursdays to change the dressings. This is where we came in. Today was Monday and my first day on the job.

Margaret had been going to Sam's house for about 2 months now. Each nurse had their own regular patients, which was great, as it made the patients more relaxed, and a good relationship could be formed between them. Now Margaret was retiring in 2 weeks, I was to take over from her. For the last 2 weeks of her job I was to go with her, learn about the patients, and what she did to each of them, so I could easily take over without problems. 

I had just started the job the previous month, and after the numerous amounts of paper work, and legal jargon, I was able to go alone and have my own patients, of which I was eager to do. Being a male nurse does have it drawbacks, but then again there aren't many male district nurses about, and so a lot of male patients prefer this. I thought it would be wise in the beginning to tell the bosses about my sexuality, get it all out in the open so there would be no surprises when I talked about relationships with men (which was bound to happen sometime). They weren't at all bothered by this, but did warn me that a few of the older male patients wouldn't approve (due to different generations), so not to go flaunting my 'gayness' about when not necessary. This was fine by me, but I said I wouldn't deny it if they asked. 

It wasn't as if I was a feminine gay guy, in fact quite the opposite. Not at all butch, but just a regular average looking 26yr old guy, average swimmers type build with a bit of muscle from working out at the gym, 5ft 10, short brown hair and blue eyes. I wasn't in a relationship at the time, having broken up with my boyfriend 2 weeks beforehand.

Anyway, so Margaret was still chatting away as we parked outside Sam Johnson's house. It was a normal semi detached house, appeared well kept and looked after (from the outside anyway). You tend to have your opinions when you visit patients and what they are like, especially from the way their house is on the outside and in. We got out of the car, and headed up the path. Margaret stopped me and casually said.

"You will like him, he's cute!" with a wink.

I tutted, shook my head and walked behind her. She knocked on the door and walked in, calling out to him that we were there. (A lot of the patients left their door open when they were expecting us).

"Usual place Margaret." A male voice shouted out.

I walked inside behind her and turned in to what was the main sitting room. I looked up to where Sam was sitting and almost gasped. Well, cute wasn't the word for it....unbelievably fucking beautiful was more like it! 

There he was this hunk, this Adonis, sat in a comfy chair with his leg up on a stool, ready and waiting to be attended to. He had the most gorgeous, perfect features, piercing dark eyes, the most kissable lips, short black hair, and as my eyes traveled downwards, what looked like a nice toned chest under that black t-shirt he was wearing. I could also see his nice shapely toned legs, as he was wearing a pair of shorts. He appeared to be about my height or maybe an inch or two more. He smiled at Margaret, and then turned to look at me as I followed behind and came out of my trance. I tried hard not to stare and show the lust on my face, but Margaret could see it straight away. It's a good job he didn't catch me staring. All I could think about was how I was supposed to concentrate on my job when he would be looking at me the whole time. 'This is going to be difficult' I thought.

"Sam, this is Jake, who will be taking over from me when I finish." Margaret said. 

She smiled at us both, then as we both smiled at each other and said hello, she carried on. 

"Now Jake, why don't you get Sam's stuff together which is kept in the kitchen, while I get myself ready here. Sam has a shower before we come, so we don't have to remove the dressings. It just makes it easier for us in the mornings."

I nodded and walked to the kitchen to grab the big box of dressings, then walked back in to find them making small talk about the previous weekend and such.

"Now Jake, I will do this one today while you watch, and then on Thursday you can help me. Next Monday you can do it yourself ok?" Margaret suggested.

"Ok that's fine with me, what about you Sam?" I asked. God he was beautiful, and those eyes!

"Yeah, no problem. Have to start sometime I guess. But I will miss Margaret though, she's been like a Grandma to me, and has wonderful hands!" He replied with a big grin that showed off his sparkling white teeth.

"Oi cheeky, but thanks for the compliment." She said as she gave him a nudge.

So Margaret talked me through it step by step. Even about applying the greasy cream up and down his legs to soften the skin, keep it from drying. All I kept thinking about was my hands running up and down those legs. Just the sight of him now was getting me all hot and bothered. 

After half an hour, we were done and ready to go. It was a shame to leave him, but I was going to be seeing him alone twice a week for a couple more months yet....and I couldn't wait. We said our goodbyes, and walked out the door.

"You like him don't you?" Margaret asked as we were heading back to the car.

I smiled. "My God Margaret, he is one beautiful guy!" I admitted. "It's going to be difficult to keep my mind on his leg and not other parts of him instead."

She laughed at my choice of answer, and then went all serious. "Well Jake, you know if you think you will find it hard, I can get him transferred to another nurse. That isn't a problem."

"No no, I will be fine, don't worry. Once the initial shock is over, I will see him just as another patient who needs help." I answered. Hell there was no way he was leaving my books. I was gonna have him to myself and that's final.

"Ok, but you will tell me beforehand if it gets too much for you?" She asked a little concerned.

"Of course."

Then we drove off to see another patient, but my thoughts were still on Sam Johnson, the hunk who lived at 54 Sternhouse Way. 'I know what my solo jerking session will be about tonight' I imagined to myself. 

************

Thursday didn't come around soon enough for my liking. Margaret and I went to most of her patients, and although they were all nice, (mostly elderly, with bed sores and ulcers), none were like Sam Johnson. He hadn't left my thoughts all week, and now we were off that way again. My cock was stirring yet again at just the mere thought of him. I just hoped it stayed down for when we got there.

In we went, and as like Monday, he was sat there, same position waiting for us to arrive.

"Morning." Sam called out.

"Morning." Margaret and I said together

I automatically went to the kitchen to retrieve the dressings and knelt down in front of him next to Margaret. There I was on bended knee in front of this God. I would serve him however he wished at that moment. But I snapped out of it, and my attention went to his damaged leg. 

So again, Margaret talked through it, but this time I helped. I put the dressing on, bandaged his leg, while she applied the cream. Although his leg was a mess, he could still walk on it, but not far distances. He explained to me how it all happened, and that the physiotherapists came once a week to get the knee bending more. He said he hated it in hospital which is why he wanted to get back home, despite the arguments from doctors and his family. He did live alone, after splitting from his girlfriend 5 months previously. He said she couldn't handle it all. 'Some girlfriend she was then, if he was my boyfriend I would never let him go' I thought to myself. 

It was him just mainly talking, letting me know from his point of view what happened. I couldn't help being disappointed that he wasn't gay but then I thought that maybe it was for the best and I could keep my sexual thoughts about him at bay. 

Then we had to leave. Next time I would do all the work.

***************

So the next Monday came around, and I was at his house again with Margaret, and she let me get on with it, while she wrote up the notes. She kept a close eye on me to make sure I was doing it correctly, and as I put the cream on all up and down his leg, my body shivered. I wasn't sure whether he felt it but I hoped he didn't. I looked up at him, trailing my eyes from his leg, up to his shorts, wondering what lay beneath them. Just the thought of this had my own cock harden slightly. I cursed myself and turned my eyes away up towards his clothed chest. It was obvious he had some muscle definition under there and I wanted to put my hands all over him. Again I took my eyes and thoughts away from him and looked up to his perfect face and stared into his eyes. He smiled at me. I smiled back.

*************

The next couple of times we visited were like the last, I had my secret little fantasies whilst I was supposed to be concentrating on my job. Of course they led to even bigger fantasies at home in my bed, and the shower, and whilst watching TV. The truth was I couldn't get him out of my mind and I realised I was liking him a lot more than I should be doing. 

What made it worse was that Sam kept praising me and said I had talented hands. I just blushed at that and felt my cock stiffen more and more in my pants. 'I have many other talents as well.' I was going to say, but thought better of it. 

****************

On the last day that Margaret was to visit Sam, Sam gave her a thank you card and chocolates. I think she nearly cried she was so grateful. In fact most of the patients had bought something for her. It was nice to see so much thoughtfulness in the public. The staff held a party for her, and even after 2 weeks of working with her, I was going to miss her as well. 

But next week, I was alone. It was scary, but I was ready for the challenge, especially with Sam.

To be continued...