 Just like to say thanks for all your comments from the previous (first) chapter. I’m glad you enjoyed it and want to read more. Again there isn’t much sex in this chapter but there is reference to it, but hopefully it won’t matter too much. I think it builds up the tension more.

I can’t actually say that this is just my own work, as I have to mention that sister helps with some of the writing and grammar for my stories. It has been edited and changed a little from the first time it was written, which I think has improved it.

Anyway enjoy. Comments and suggestions welcome.


Ok, so there I was driving to Samual Johnson's house on my own for the first time. Boy was I a nervous wreck! I had already jerked off twice earlier, hoping that somehow it would stop me from growing a visible hard-on when I was seeing to his dressings. It was 11.30, and so far I had managed the morning list well, finishing on time. I had a while before I was due to get to the office and report on my first day.

I noticed that the front door was slightly ajar when I walked up to his house, so to be polite, I knocked and shouted in that I was there.

"Hey Jake come on in and sit down." I heard him shout to me from inside.

My palms were already sweaty, and I hoped my nerves wouldn’t show so obviously when he saw me. I walked in to find him sat in his usual spot. 

"Morning Sam, you didn't forget that it was just me then?" I asked a little unsure.

He smiled at me and showed off those beautiful white teeth. "Nah, how could I forget something like that, I have actually been looking forward to our first meeting alone." He replied with a sly grin

I wondered what he meant by that and I could feel myself blushing. "Really and why is that then?" I asked.

"Well considering the fact that we will be spending more time together until this leg is healed, I think we should get to know each other better, don't you?" He replied.

"Well yeah ok then that’s fine with me, you can ask me anything you want, but it doesn't mean I will tell you what you want to know." I said with a cheeky grin. I was starting to think we were on the same level and my nervousness went off a little and I began to relax.

"Ok go put the kettle on, bring my stuff in here and while you sort me out; we can have a chat and a coffee ok?" He stated.

"Well I’m not sure about the coffee, I mean, I don't think I should." I replied, even though I wanted to.

"Yes you can, Margaret always did, just not when you came. She obviously wanted to keep up her good reputation, but she always added on another 15 minutes to this visit so she could have a chat." Sam said smiling at me. He was beautiful. I could get lost in those eyes.

'Fuck, I wonder if he knows how hot he really is.' I thought. "Yeah ok then, I could do with a something wet to slip down my throat." I answered back. 

‘Oh shit I hope he didn’t take that the wrong way. No he wouldn’t have done….would he? But then again, would that be a bad thing? I bet his cum does taste delicious, nice and sweet, and warm…..mmmmm. Fuck what am I thinking, this is a patient and I can’t be thinking these things, he could get me sacked, not to mention that my hardening cock could be very noticeable if I don’t stop, and how would I explain that?’

“Jake,….JAKE!. Buddy are you with us?” Sam shouted. 

I suddenly jumped back into reality and looked at Sam. All my previous thoughts went away and I smiled at him. He smiled back and reminded me about the coffee. 

I went into the kitchen and after a few minutes, brought 2 cups of coffee back and his dressings, then knelt down in front of him. 

His legs were slightly apart and my mind went wandering again. 'If he just opened his legs a bit more I could see up his shorts' I thought. Again, my cock stirred, but I quickly brought my concentration to the job in hand 

He soon started chatting to me, and asking me all sorts of questions about my life, work, hobbies, family, then the one I was dreading..... relationships. I just decided to be honest about myself. If he freaked out, called me a faggot or worse, beat me up and chucked me out then I would handle it there and then. Who knows how he will react?

"So Jake, are you single at the moment" he enquired, starting the conversation.

I kept my eyes away from him but answered. "Yeah I am, and have been for a month now. I was pissed off at the time and for about a week afterwards, but realized that it was actually only the sex I missed. So I'm best off out of it." I replied.

"So what happened then if you don’t mind answering?"

Oh shit...here it comes. I stopped what I was doing and looked up at him.

"Well I was with Mark for 7 months and we decided he should move in to my place, and things were going great, but then one day I came home early from work, and there he was in our bed with his boss. They were at it like rabbits and to make it worse, he didn’t even stop when he saw me standing there. Shit, I didn’t even know his boss was into guys, he’s married for fuck sake. I always wondered why he spent so much time at work and I knew then.” I paused for a second, but Sam didn’t say anything so I continued, as he must have wanted me to finish speaking. 

“Another thing that I actually noticed first was that he was being fucked, and he never let me fuck him, said he couldn't take it. I always had to be the bottom. Not that it bothers me, but just that he told me he was a strict top. Yeah right, his boss was pounding him so hard I thought he was gonna rip him apart. That really pissed me off.” I stopped again, waiting for him to say something.

“So what did you do about it?” he asked.

I chuckled. "Well that was the best bit. I stayed there watching them at it and I could tell they were both nearly close to cumming, so just before his boss shot his load, I walked over to them both, pulled them apart and told them to get out. The look on their faces was priceless. I actually nearly felt sorry for them. So anyway they quickly got dressed, Mark packed his stuff and that was it. Not seen him or heard from him since."

Sam eyes lit up and he started laughing which made me chuckle along with him. His laugh was so sexy. Can a laugh be sexy? Well his was. But maybe I’m just biased.

"Well," he finally replied once he’d calmed down. "I must admit, that's a better story than my break up. You know I miss the sex as well, haven't had it properly since the crash, and just can't manage too much exercise or the positions. I think that’s also the reason for Sarah leaving me. Maybe I’m better off as well. But now I’m getting better, I've had a bit of fun now and again, blow jobs and such from people, you know what I mean?" 

What was he getting at? Was he suggesting or expecting me to pull his pants down and suck him, to get him off? Is that what he wanted from me? I’m not after being used just for his pleasure. Not that I would mind doing it of course. God, I would have loved to take his hard cock in my mouth and suck him until he shot his load down my throat. My cock jumped.

But still maybe it was just guy to guy talk about sex in general. I was glad that he didn’t mind me being gay though. That was a relief.

"Yeah I know how you feel." I replied, trying not to take him up on his offer for a quick suck, if it was an offer. "Ok you're nearly done, just this one bandage and I'm done." I said, trying to get back to the job in hand.

"Jake?"

I looked up. "Yes?"

"Err..well..nothing, you know if ...well no it doesn't matter." He stuttered a little and it made me wonder what he wanted.

I gave him a curious look. "Hmm ok, but if there is something you wanna say, just say it. I don't mind you asking me anything, as long as I can do the same. Oh and thanks for not bothering that I’m gay." I stood up ready to go.

"Nah, don't be daft, that doesn't bother me at all. In fact I'm glad." He replied back grinning.

I gave him a questioning look with my eyes, but I decided not to take it further. "Ok......right well that’s it for me today. See you on Thursday and thanks for the coffee." 

"No probs, see you Thursday, looking forward to it." He grinned at me, with a twinkle in his eyes.

I went to the kitchen to put everything back and looked back at him out of the room on my way out. I smiled and he smiled and winked back at me. Does he know now that I fancy him? Did I give any signals off? Oh well if even he did, he has no objections, so neither have I.

***************************

It was Thursday the same week and I was back at Sam's house again, doing the same routine, but something was different this time. He acted differently as I saw to his dressings. When I creamed his legs, I was sure he moaned a little. Also, he had a cushion covering his crotch. 

'Shit, maybe he is covering it so I can't look' I thought. Well, that didn’t put me in a good mood and I figured he didn't trust me. I suddenly went back to work, not looking back at him. 

Then as if he knew what I thought, he moved the cushion slightly, and I also saw that he had a very slight bulge in his shorts. Not sure if he knew I was looking, I tried to stare at it discreetly, trying to imagine what was underneath. I looked up at him and he smiled. 

I massaged his leg a little bit longer and firmer than necessary and could tell he was enjoying this attention I was giving him. I smiled to myself. He was getting off on this, so I took it further and rubbed further up his sexy leg. I wanted to do the other one as well but thought that maybe it was going too far. 

He gasped when I reach between his thighs.

My hand immediately came off. "Oh sorry Sam, didn't mean to startle you."

"No it's ok, I was enjoying it, felt like more of a massage that’s all, and you are good at this." He relaxed a little and I carried on rubbing his leg.

"Well I like to please my patients." I remarked.

"Really? Well I can see you do a good job at that.”

"Thanks. Well I do like to make sure they are fully satisfied with the service I give, it's important to make sure that I do a good job so that they want me more, and I keep coming back. I haven't received any complaints of my techniques so far." I smirked.

Was I flirting? Was he flirting with me?

"I'm sure you haven't, you have very nice strong hands Jake." He complimented. 

Yes we were flirting. I ignored that last comment and carried on with the massage, then moved onto the other leg. Not that he needed it but he didn't seem to mind at all.

I decided to be bold and asked. "Do I satisfy your needs Sam?" 

He gave me that dazzling smile again. 

"Well, so far Jake, you have been great. I mean I can't complain as yet. Maybe if you carry on a little longer, we can see how things progress."

I wondered what he meant by that. Was he still flirting or hoping for something more?

He closed his eyes and moaned while I massaged his leg. I was confused, but my cock was growing by the second, pushing against my trousers and I knew that if I stood up anytime soon, he would notice. 

It didn't matter, he was now sporting his own erection through his shorts, not trying to hide it in any way now, and in fact he was showing it off to me. 

It looked to be a good size as well, he certainly wasn’t lacking in that department. He seemed about the same size as me, or bigger. Mmmmmmmmm. I wanted it, and I wanted it bad! But no, I had to be professional about this. I could flirt, but no more. If anyone found out, I would be fired. 

But fuck! I couldn’t help it. My mouth was watering and my cock was rock hard, straining to be set free. I knew I would be leaking pretty soon and a visible wet patch would be seen on the front of my trousers. So was his by the look of it. Oh God, if only I could touch it, give it a quick feel. If I just go a bit further up underneath his shorts I’m sure he wouldn’t mind. Maybe he might let me hold it….stroke it even. His nipples were erect and pushing against the blue t-shirt he wore. Take it off Sam, let me see those nipples, those muscles on that hot body of yours. In fact, strip off completely and let me admire you and touch, caress and taste you all over. 

As I was thinking this I realized that I was actually going further up into his shorts and almost touching him. I heard myself moan out loud and he moaned louder in return. Fuck, was I really doing this? Was this about to happen? The one thing I had thought and dreamed about for the past few weeks, and now here he was offering his body to me, his now leaking cock. 

I looked up at him and he opened his eyes. The sparkle was there again and he touched my hand gently. I felt my body turn to electricity and I shivered at the slightest contact. His face broke into the biggest grin, and he went to grab his crotch and pointed his cock towards my face.

“Go on Jake, you know you want it.” He said seductively.

I was just about to go for it, and then stopped. I then suddenly just realized what he wanted. All this was because he just wanted me to give him some relief. Thought I would be his cocksucking sex slave. How could I have been so stupid not to notice? That’s not what I wanted.

He must have noticed my change in mood. "Why have you finished? Did I do something wrong?" He asked, worried.

"Well it's just that I have to stop before I get carried away, and things go any further. I don't know what you think I am, but if you think flirting and teasing me like this can get you anything you want then you’re sadly mistaken. I'm no slut and I don’t do favours, but I also don't know if I can work with you when you sit there looking so gorgeous and making me so fucking hot and horny. I don't know if I can keep my hands off you much longer." I admitted.

I put the dressings on quickly, while he sat there in silence. This is so wrong. I was right all along. His intentions were all one way. I’m so fucking stupid to fall for his flirting. Why didn't he reply to me?

I was going to get him transferred next week. I couldn't work like this in this atmosphere.

But I liked him a lot, and didn't want to let him go. I already liked him more than a friend but things could become complicated if I didn't stop it.

I stood up, knowing that my hard-on had deflated. "Ok, I'm going; it obviously isn't working, so I will send someone else for Monday."

I walked out of the lounge, waiting for his reply. Would he really let me go? If he wanted me, he would call back.

Suddenly. "NO DON’T; please Jake it’s not what you think, really. I want you to keep coming back, I like you and I like you coming here."

"Ok then, see you Monday." I sighed, relieved, then smiled to myself and walked out, shutting the door behind me. 

Well I figured that's it, he knew how I felt now. No turning back. It would either go one way or the other. We would see over the next few weeks if anything was to happen between us, if I could last that long.

I needed a rest, so I went home, and led on my bed thinking of Sam, seeing him, staring at the erection underneath his shorts, straining to be set free from the cotton material. I grabbed hold of my cock and started stroking it slowly, thinking of us together, wishing it was his hand instead of mine. I wet a finger a lifted my legs up so I could enter it into my twitching hole. I moaned at the feel. It had been too long since I’d been fucked. I entered another finger and grabbed some pre-cum from my dripping cock head. I let go and reached into my drawer for my favourite 7 inch thick dildo and pushed it into my throbbing hole. “Fuck yeah.” I shouted out as I fucked myself hard and fast. As it rubbed against my prostate, I could feel my orgasm approaching. I grabbed hold of my cock and fisted it faster until I eventually exploded all over myself. When my orgasm subsided, I pulled the dildo out, and with my finger, collected and ate the cum off my chest and face.

It wasn’t long before I went to sleep.

TO BE CONTINUED...