 Hey guys. Sorry this chapter has taken a while but I've been really busy with stuff. I hope it is worth the wait though. Enjoy!

*********** PART 3

The next couple of weeks flew by after that incident at his house. Constantly I thought about him, day and night. I now had something else to jerk off to and I just wished I'd have gone further with him, even if it was just to see what could happen and how far he would take it. But still I really wasn't sure where our friendship would go, and whether or not he wanted something more between us. Hell, I still didn't even know if he was gay, so that following Monday I really needed to get him to be honest and upfront with me. 

As I sat down on the chair with my morning cup of coffee chatting away with him, I plainly asked, 

"Are you gay Sam?" I kept a straight face and our eyes met. His surprised face slowly turned into a mighty grin and I hoped it meant what I thought it did.

"No I'm Bi Jake. I like women, I like men, and I definitely like you. Does that answer your question?"

God did I blush. In fact I felt my whole body turn beetroot. I felt a twitch in my groin and I knew it was gonna be difficult for me to think of anything else other than what I wanted to do to him right there and then.

"Oh…hmmm…well…err…let's just get the job what I came here for done eh?" I stuttered in reply. Fuck, why do I have to sound like such a nerd? Not like I've never done this before. He's bound to think I'm a geek. I nearly slapped myself.

"You're cute when you blush." He replied. Well guess what I did? Yes, I only blushed more. I swear my face could have blown up with embarrassment. He chuckled at my response.

So, after that incident things went back to normal, well apart from the flirting, touching, stroking and rubbing of his legs and way up into his thigh and shorts. It was seriously beginning to get difficult trying to keep professional. 

Fuck it was frustrating. I so wanted him, and he wanted me. His throbbing hard-on was straining to get out of his shorts as I knelt in front of him. I could clearly see the outline of his cock and balls. I think he was leaking just as much as I was. I didn't try to hide myself and he smiled that gorgeous smile of his when he noticed it. He even licked his lips just to try and seduce me into submitting to him, and believe me I nearly did numerous times. We both knew that nobody would ever find out if we did do anything, but it still felt wrong, and the thought that someone could walk in, put me right off. I didn't want him to think I was a slut who did this sort of thing all the time, and someone who would go with anyone available. No, I wouldn't and couldn't let myself go. I would just have to put it off, think of something else.

The other problem was, that after a few weeks went by, his leg started to improve and I had to invite my boss to come with me on one of my visits to check on his improvement. It turns out that I didn't need to see him twice a week, only once on a Monday. I was gutted, and so was he. But, I decided that maybe it would help things, maybe I could be more professional with my work. The last few weeks had been a challenge; especially as my feelings for him had grown. I knew that I'd have to keep a check on them, so they don't get out of hand. The last thing I need to do was start falling for him.

****************

It was one of the Monday's again a week after my visit with the boss, and something came up so I told him that I would be there at an earlier time than usual. I turned up on his doorstep and knocked as I opened it. But something was different, the door was locked. I thought it was strange, even his curtains were closed. Surely he was awake and remembered the time we'd arranged. 

I knocked louder, hoping he would come to the door. Suddenly a light flicked on and a shadow appeared through the glass in the door. It opened and stood there was another guy almost naked. 

I was quite shocked at the site and let out a little gasp. I didn't know how long I stood there open mouthed but I knew I must have looked a bit dumb. How could he sleep with another man? Why would he do this? All these thoughts were going through my mind. Then I realised that I wasn't HIS. He could do what he wanted, I didn't own him. 'Maybe he's just a friend' I thought. Suddenly the sound of his deep voice brought me back to reality.

"Hi, you must be Jake, Sam's nurse, don't just stand there looking like you've seen a ghost, come in." He said, moving out of my way. I shut my mouth, and felt little embarrassed. "Sorry the door wasn't open, we had a rough night. Must have forgotten you were coming so early. He's in there slumped in the chair. Go wake him up will ya."

I smiled back at him, said hello back and stepped inside. I brushed his huge, smooth, toned, hairless chest as I passed him. He was hot! Stood about 6 ft, had shaved blond hair, and blue eyes to match his cute face. This was going to be more difficult than usual. My cock sprang to life yet again. I was such a horny bastard and desperate for some action. I hoped he didn't notice. He had a tiny black pair of briefs on that left nothing to the imagination. His legs were like tree trunks. I figured he must play some sport or be some sort of athlete. 'Hmmm wonder if he's a man's man?' I thought.

I walked into the lounge to find a complete mess. The room looked like a bomb had hit it. Beer cans and pizza boxes were everywhere. A few videos laid out near the TV, probably sport or porn or both. The room was dark and musty, and smelled like there had been no fresh air in it for weeks. 

Gorgeous Sam was sprawled in a heap on the chair, looking as beautiful as always. There was another guy asleep on the floor, no doubt passed out, while another was on the couch just waking up. They were all pretty nice looking, and it didn't help my ‘problem' one bit considering they all just had nearly nothing on.

After having a good look at the three hunky men I coughed loud and the guy who answered the door came up behind me and shouted out.

"WAKE UP LADS WE HAVE A VISITOR. MAKE YOURSELVES DECENT."

I jumped up. Did he have to be so loud? How anyone could have so much energy in the morning after just waking up, I have no idea. 

The guy on the couch shot up and looked at me and smiled. I smiled back and waited for them to move. Then the same guy got up and opened the curtains to let the sun shine through. This woke up Sam and he rubbed his eyes to get used to the sudden light. God he looked so sexy and innocent, the way the light shone on his perfect body. It sounds like something out of a film, but he really could have been at that moment. His hair was all ruffled up and his morning stubble looked so hot. He was just sat there in his shorts and t-shirt as usual. My heart and cock twitched with excitment. He had such an effect on me at that moment, that it was then I knew I loved him and couldn't keep denying it from myself.

Sam stared straight into my eyes, and smiled. I grinned back. I so wanted to kiss him right then. 

"Hey piss head, you forgot about me?" I asked. Sam laughed at my comment. 

"Sorry Jake, guess we had a little too much to drink last night. What time is it by the way?" He asked me still half asleep. I answered him that it was 10 am. "Oh shit sorry buddy. Listen, give us 10 minutes and I'll be back showered and shaved." He started to sit up. "Fuck my head!" He complained. I laughed. 

"Well, how much did you have? I'm not surprised you have a headache with the amount of empty cans around here. Forget the shower; I can deal with your smelly ass just the way it is. Get some tablets for that head and I will sort this leg out while you relax."

He smiled and thanked me. "I see you've met Tommy." Sam pointed to the guy who answered the door. "That's Billy on the couch, and that's Mark on the floor. He can never take his beer." 

I looked at Billy then let out a small laugh at the sight of Mark still knocked out on the floor. Tommy kicked Mark on his side and he moaned.

"Yeah he's still living." Tommy commented with a chuckle.

I looked back at Sam, who was on his way to the kitchen for the tablets. He went upstairs, no doubt to relieve his bladder, and two minutes later he was back. 

I set up my little area and started on his leg while the other 3 guys woke themselves up properly. I knew it would take a little longer as he still had his old dressings on, plus he needed his leg cleaning, which he usually did himself before my arrival. 


I continued to stare at him as usual and I wondered if they knew he was Bi, and if he told them about me, or what if anything, he did tell them about me. I decided not to try anything on today, just incase. I didn't want to show any feelings that I had for him. After all I didn't want to risk outing him and ruining things between us.

Sam must have sensed something was wrong, and he questioned me with his eyebrows. I tried not to give anything away, but I sort of looked over my shoulder at the others, then back at him and shrugged my shoulders. He must have known what I was thinking and trying to say. He grinned and nodded. It was good how we could communicate like this without words. Then his hand moved down to mine and rubbed it gently. I knew then that I was safe.

It didn't help the fact that when I felt him rub my hand a little harder, and then squeeze his already hardening cock, it made me gasp out loud so that the others could hear me. I mean he did this all the time, and it always got my rock hard and wanting him more and more. It's just that the shock of him doing it in front of others really got me going. 

"You know you two need to get a room and go have some fun together. I swear one of you is gonna burst any minute now. I really don't know how long I could hold off like you two do." Tommy suddenly interrupted.

"What do you mean Tommy?" Sam asked.

"Oh come on Sam, don't play innocent with me. It's so fucking obvious. Even a child could see what's going on over there. Even if you hadn't been talking about him none stop for the past God knows how many weeks, it sure looks like you both have the hots for each other just the way you are. Why don't you just go upstairs and fuck. Get it over with. That's what you both want." Tommy replied.

I couldn't believe what he just said. I was suddenly in shock and froze. He'd been talking about me? Well he must like me then; maybe I do mean something to him. My heart fluttered a thousand beats a second. I grinned at Sam, and he showed me that cock throbbing smile that he knows gets my blood boiling. I knew I could love this guy and maybe have those feelings returned. 

I carried on with my job and said nothing more. I thought about what Tommy had said and froze again ‘go upstairs and fuck, get it over with'. My smile soon turned sour and I turned to Sam and I felt the pain race to my heart. If that's all I was to him, a quick fuck, something or someone to help get his rocks off then I'd rather not bother at all. I thought maybe it was something more than just sex for both of us, not just me. Obviously I was wrong.

Sam noticed my face and he looked worried. I stood up and looked at him in the eye.

"A fuck? Is that what you want from me Sam? Eh? Just some new piece of ass you can use to get some pleasure from? God I've been so stupid. I actually thought you liked me. Maybe liked me enough to take this further, but I guess I was wrong to think it was more than just a fuck." I stopped and looked at him. He said nothing, just sat there with this surprised look on his face. I guess he hadn't been expecting that little outburst. Neither had I. I didn't know I had it in me. I didn't mean to be so angry, but I was hurt.  

I turned around and saw the exact same surprised looks from the other three guys. I waited for someone to answer, waited for Sam to answer, to tell me I was wrong. But he didn't, he remained quiet. I picked my work's phone up, gave Sam an evil look and walked out of the lounge. I needed to be out of there. I stood in front of the door, just about to open it when I heard his voice.. 

"Jake" Sam shouted to me. 

Why should I answer him.? I wanted to leave but I knew I had to go back in there sometime. I couldn't just leave him without completing my duty. I felt like crying, but I stopped myself.

He walked towards me. "Jake, don't go. Please. It isn't like that honest. Tommy's just an idiot, ignore him. I do like you. I do want more." He explained. 

Tommy came round the corner. "Yeah Jake I'm sorry, I didn't mean it like that. I said it all wrong. I just meant that you should just get it on together, you both want it. You want each other. He must really like you ‘cause he won't mess around with us anymore, says he feels like he's cheating on you or something. Believe me Jake, this guy has it bad." Tommy explained. 

I turned around and looked at Sam and for the first time ever I saw him blush. I laughed. "You're so cute when you blush." I said, repeating what he told me a few weeks before. He blushed again and Tommy chuckled, then walked away.

The next thing I felt was Sam's hands on my shoulders. It was the closest we'd ever really been with each other. I melted at his touch. He looked at me and our eyes met. Those dark brown eyes! I really could get lost in them. He moved in closer and I moved my mouth towards his. Our lips kissed. 

I felt my whole body shudder as he pressed his lips harder against mine. Fuck! I'd never felt anything like that before. I pulled away, smiled and went to kiss him again. I wanted more, needed more. I'd waited long enough for this moment. This should have been done long ago. Our lips moved together a little more, my hands moved to his waist as his arms wrapped around my neck. His lips felt so soft, I opened my mouth and pushed my tongue through, finding his own tongue. We both moaned. It felt so right. Our tongues were dancing together, our first kiss. My body was shaking with happiness, my cock came back to life and I pulled his body into mine, grinding my crotch into his own. His erection rubbed against mine. I moaned a little more. God I was gonna explode at any second. His kiss was so passionate yet gentle. Our tongues fought together, tasting him on me. His hands moved down towards my ass, squeezed it and literally pushed his cock into my own. We never broke our kiss. I don't know how long it lasted, but I never wanted it to finish. I could have easily blown my load right there and then with touching myself. His moans turned into groans and that's when I knew we had to stop before I unloaded myself in my pants. I broke away, nearly breathless, and opened my eyes.

He smiled. "Gonna lose it if we carry on." He said. 

"Me too." I replied, then kissed his cheek and we broke away a little. I got my breath back "That was….."

"Yeah I know." He said looking at me. "Amazing."

We smiled at each other and he led me back into the lounge, where a nervous Tommy was sat down, along with worried looks on the faces of Billy and Mark.

Sam walked over to Tommy and punched him slightly in the arm. Tommy flinched a little, not expecting the sudden hit.

"Ouch. What was that for?"

"Because, you dickhead, you almost lost the best thing that's ever happened to me." Sam complained.

I was shocked that he said that, but I stayed silent. I was also happy. It wasn't going to be easy, but this is what I wanted, where I wanted to be. I also realised I had a raging hard-on, and wet stain on my pants. 

"Yeah, sorry abut that mate, but everything's ok now isn't it? I mean, by the looks of his pants, and yours, whatever you both did out there, it sure made you both happy." Tommy said, grinning.

They all laughed, and I tried to hide myself. It wasn't working, so I gave up.

Sam came back to me and gave me another one of his mouthwatering kisses. I didn't care now. I kissed him back. My hands started feeling him all over; our cocks were grinding together yet again. I needed to cum soon. I touched his ass and gave it a squeeze. ‘Oh God, he feels so good,' I thought. So firm and tight, I couldn't wait to feel the flesh, taste it, kiss it, and fuck it. I groaned at the thought.

He parted again and looked at me with questioning eyes. I squeezed his ass again, licked my lips and laughed. He must have known what I meant, and he laughed with me, moving his own hands to my ass, giving it a squeeze.

"Ok you two, I think this is the moment where we leave, and leave the two love birds alone." Billy said to Tommy and Mark as he stood. 

They were getting dressed.

"Yeah I guess so. It's about time it happened. I don't know how much longer I could've put up with his Jake this and Jake that. Even though if it wasn't for you Tommy, this would never have happened, and they would've still been making it like nothing is going on." Mark said.

"No guys, you don't have to leave yet, stay a while." Sam said, moving away from me.

I didn't say it, but I was disappointed. Did he not want to be alone with me? I was starting to fall for him so bad, and maybe his feelings weren't strong enough for me. Maybe we were going to fast. I sighed, a little too loud.

Sam turned to me. "No Jake, I didn't mean it like that, I want to be alone with you, it's just that I don't want to dump my friends".

"It's ok Sam, you're right, maybe we shouldn't be doing this anyway. Come on I have to get this leg done, then I can go home." 

I went to his chair and waved him to sit back down, but he didn't. His face looked sad at what I said and he just stared at me. I could see the hurt and pain that I caused him just by saying that, but I hurt too. Tears started to fill my eyes.

Everyone was silent all of a sudden. Tommy, Mark and Billy got dressed and said goodbye to both Sam and I. They arranged another drinking binge for the following weekend. When they were gone, Sam pushed me away.

"What the fuck was all that about?" He shouted.

I was stunned.

"What?" I answered.

"Oh come on Jake...don't give me any bullshit. So you didn't feel anything when we kissed? You didn't think it felt amazing, so right? I know I did. It felt like I belonged there in your arms. I've wanted you for so long. Not just for sex, but as a boyfriend. I never want you to leave when you're here. I wish you could stay with me forever. Do you not feel that way?" 

I sighed. "Yes Sam, I felt it, I felt everything. I've wanted this as well, but I can't do it. If you wanna know, I think I love you, but how could you feel the same? "

"You love me? Is that what's bothering you? Or is it that you think I'm gonna cheat on you like your ex did?"

"Don't know, maybe." I answered sighing. 

Sam put his hand to my cheek and turned my face towards him. He leaned forward and kissed me again. I didn't hesitate, but kissed him back. This time it was more intense. I wanted him so much now. But this time he pulled away.

"You know I would never hurt you Jake. How anyone could want to cheat on you I have no idea. You're gorgeous, smart, kind, funny, you have the cutest face when you blush, not to mention the best ass I've ever seen and held. So I don't want to let you go. I love you too." 

I smiled when he said that. "Really?" I asked him. He grinned and nodded. I smiled back "I love you too."

"You know something Jake; I still haven't had that shower. How about you come and wash my back for me." He winked and grinned, and I grinned back.

We both hugged and turned around towards the stairs. He walked in front of me holding my hand, leading me up the stairs. I was nervous and shaking, but he rubbed my hand to reassure me. We got to the bathroom, and he turned on the shower. I was still fully dressed, while Sam just had shorts and a t-shirt on as usual. He started to take it off, but I stopped him.
