 I decided that I would let my boss know about our new relationship that Friday instead. I figured it wouldn't matter much if I waited a little while longer, after all Sam and I had a date arranged for that Thursday and I didn't want to miss out on that.

I must admit I was pretty nervous about seeing him for our first date. Even though we'd seen and spoke to each other numerous times, we'd not met outside the walls of his house, which had always just been comfortable, and not had to make an effort to impress. It would be good to see him dressed up as I'd only actually seen him in his ‘just got out of bed look' and I certainly wasn't complaining in that department. I could just imagine sleeping in his bed and waking up with him next to me looking like that every morning. Oh yes, I'd already prepared myself for the time when that would happen. In fact I'd done nothing but think about him from the minute I left his house that morning, until the minute I entered the restaurant for our meal. I must have tried on 10 different items of clothing. I even had a couple of friends over to help calm my nerves. I really didn't know why I was so nervous, after all we had already seen each other naked and took it to the next level. 

When I arrived at the restaurant, he was already waiting for me. We both smiled and eyed one another up and down. I really wanted to ram my tongue down his throat at that moment, he looked so gorgeous. He wore just a simple pair of black pants and blue shirt, his black hair was styled in such a way that made his face glow and his eyes sparkle. I was nearly drooling and had to stop from making an idiot of myself.

We ordered our meal and chatted away. There was no uncomfortable silence between us, like you sometimes get between people on their first date. Even whilst we were eating, we smiled and I blushed every time he caught me staring, which made him wink and grin, and made me blush even more. I swear he could make me melt with his smile, and I had a hard time keeping from getting an erection. 

We talked more in detail about our lives and found out we had more things in common. I already knew he came from a big family like me. We explained in more detail about them to each other and it seemed like we'd been friends for longer than we had. 

I had two sisters and three brothers. I had an older sister at 30, brother at 28, both married and had kids of their own, and then there was me, then twin boys at 22, then my little sister at 17. I told him that I came out to all my family when I was 17 and they were okay with it, as my uncle was gay and had a partner. My older brother then decided to admit he was Bi- sexual and had male sex partners, but felt he was more comfortable in a relationship with a woman and wanted children. I told him that my parents somehow figured that at least one of their children would be gay or bi as it tended to run down my dad's side of the family. They wanted lots of children, like all members of my mum and dad's family from many generations, and that way they would also be more likely to have grandchildren of their own one day.

Sam had two older sisters, one at 33, and the other at 31. They were also both married, although only one could have children, and his second eldest was going through IVF at that moment. He had two younger brothers, one at 26, who was engaged to be married, and his youngest brother, who was 22. He was gay and was in his ‘find him, fuck him and fling him' stage. Sam said he asked his brother if he was ready to get himself a proper boyfriend for longer than a few days and his brother replied; "Fuck no, havin' to much fun screwing around bro. You know guys just can't get enough of my cock. There's too much to go around, so why waste it on one guy." We laughed at that and other things his brother does. 

He told me about him ‘coming out' to his parents when he was 15, but he knew he would be ok as his dad was bi-sexual as well. Like my brother though, his dad couldn't see himself in a gay relationship and fell in love with his mother and had not been with a man since. 

I stayed silent for a moment after he spoke and secretly wondered if that might happen with Sam. Although he is still young at 29, I wondered if he had made a decision whether or not he could be in a long term relationship with a man, with me. He told me he loved me and wanted to be with me, but would that be short or long-term? Did he want children? Was he hoping for something like that with his ex? I wondered if I was just ‘convenient' for him whilst he looked for his ‘future wife'. I mean, I wasn't ugly, but I hardly came close to what Sam looked like. He could just turn heads whenever he walked by. What would he want with someone as plain and boring as me?

I realized I must have been out of it a bit longer than I thought because he shook my arm and shouted me back. "Jake. You okay there?"

"Oh..um..yeah. Sorry I was just thinking about things."

"Like what?" He asked, with a confused look on his face.

Well I couldn't really tell him could I? I figured it would be a bit too early to start acting all paranoid that he would break up with me when we'd only just started dating. I decided to leave it and tell him it was nothing. 

We carried on chatting, and all paranoid thoughts went out of my head. We had a good laugh and told more stories and information about each other. We talked about our school, college, and jobs and gossiped about work colleagues. At the end of the night, we decided to go our separate ways, after all, I had work in the morning and it was already getting late. We gave each other a long good night kiss and a quick grope here and there, said we would speak the following day, and then parted ways.



I was on cloud nine the next morning, although still shit scared about what my boss would say when I told her about Sam. I arranged an informal meeting with her and decided just to be honest about the situation.

I sat in the office with Sue, my Nursing Team Manager explaining that I wanted to transfer Sam to another nurse. I thought it would be quite an awkward situation, but she took it rather well.

"Is there a reason why you want him transferred Jake?" She asked.

I took a deep breath. "To be honest Sue, It's like this. I kind of like him and he feels the same. It's becoming rather awkward when I go there. We get on really well, and although I don't want to lose him as a patient, I know it will be better if he isn't on my books anymore." I paused and she nodded. I carried on; knowing she knew there was more to it. "Anyway, Sam and I have talked, and said that if it's okay with you, we could...well…..erm...you know...start....dating?" I felt myself blushing slightly but she never said a word. "I mean…nothing has happened between us as yet (just a little white lie. I crossed my fingers), and I wouldn't abuse my position like that."

I waited for her answer. She thought about it for a minute, while I sat there in silence. 

"Well Jake, I thank you for your honesty, not many people would stick to the rules, and you aren't the first to fall for a patient. But, if you want to go out with Mister Johnson, that's fine with me, you just have to wait 6 weeks."

My wide eyes showed my horror. 

"I'm sorry Jake but that's how it is."

I thanked her and left. I was gutted. How could I possibly not see or speak to him for 6 weeks. It was bad enough now; I wanted to spend every day and night with him. 

I phoned Sam up and told him the news. He was just as pissed off and upset as I was, but he said that maybe we could talk on the phone. Nobody would have to know. I agreed and it made me feel a bit better.

The following two weeks after that day went slowly. I was missing Sam so badly and although we spoke every night on the phone or on IM, I wanted to see him desperately. He felt the same, so we decided to meet up. I know we shouldn't have done, but I really couldn't stop myself. I was in need of his lips against mine and would do anything to feel him close to me again. 

So on the Friday night, exactly two weeks since I last saw him, we met up in the local park. I can't tell you what it felt like to hold him again. We kissed for God knows how long, and hid beneath one of the large oak tress and made love. We didn't go all the way, that would be saved until we had somewhere cozy and warm to sleep. We both stripped naked, and although it was cold, we held each other until we both warmed up and rubbed our erections together. We were soon hot and sweaty, and I told him how much I was dying to have him in my mouth and how I'd done nothing but think about it all day. He moaned as I kissed and licked my way down to his cock, where it was rock hard and throbbing. It didn't take long before I took him into my mouth and sucked him as best as I could. He turned me around as we led on the grass, me on top, pleasing one another. We went down on each other with all the love and passion we could manage. After we had both cum, we relaxed and talked about when we could be together next.

We went our separate ways yet again and I already missed him. Only 4 weeks to go until I could be with him for good. I was counting down the days. We continued to talk and even had phone sex a few times. I couldn't help it, he made me so horny, and just the thought of his erection in my mouth again, letting me suck him until he came down my throat, made my mouth water and my cock rock hard.

It was a Friday again, 2 weeks since I'd seen Sam at the park. Only 2 weeks to go until we could be together. But for some reason, we hadn't really talked for a few days. I don't know why, but whenever I would phone, he'd sound off with me or like he couldn't be bothered to talk. In fact, every time I tried to speak, he'd say he was busy. I thought it was strange but thought nothing more of it.

Sue called me into her office that day, saying she had some good news.

"Jake, I know it's been difficult for you these past few weeks, and I understand it must be hard, so because I am feeling generous and in a good mood, I have decided to let you off 2 weeks early. You can start dating him as from today. I think between you and I, if you keep this to yourself, and don't mention it to anyone, I will sort out the rest." She smiled and winked at me.

Well. I was so happy I could have kissed her, but stopped myself, just replying "Thank you Sue, it means a lot."

I was ecstatic and figured that instead of phoning him and telling him the good news, I would to surprise Sam that night by paying him a visit. I was so excited and my smile never lifted from my face .all day

After an hour of scrubbing myself inside and out in the shower, making sure I was clean and fresh, then another 2 hours of deciding what to wear, it was getting a bit late. I figured that 9. 30pm was still early enough to go round. I just hoped he would be at home. I stopped by the shop on my way and bought a bottle of wine. 

I drove up to Sam's house. The lights were on, so I knew he would be at home. I knocked loud on the door and after about 2 minutes, a woman answered. She was good looking, very good looking in fact, and I started to get some nagging feelings in the back of my head. Blond hair, good figure, yeah an ideal girlfriend. She seemed a little giddy, and was wearing very little. I raised my eyebrows at her.

"Hi, is Sam here?" I asked her.

"Err..yeah..you 'ere for the party?" She asked, and then looked at the bottle in my hand.

What party was this? I heard noise in the background, and some music. "Party? Errr…no sorry, I just wanna speak to Sam please. I need to speak to him. Can I come in?" I asked as I started to step inside, but she stopped me. I was slightly confused and wondered what gong on inside. 

"Excuse me but I don't know who you are so I don't think it's a good idea that you come in. Anyway he's sorta busy at the mo. Can I help you with anything. What's your name by the way?" she asked.

"The name's Jake, and no you can't help me, I said I want to speak to him. Get him for me, or I'm coming in whether you like it or not." I was getting slightly annoyed now. 

She looked at me like she was thinking ‘I know that name from somewhere' but didn't say anything more. Instead, she stepped back, and turned her head around. "SAM, someone's at the door for ya."

"I'm busy Sarah, can't you just send them away and shut the door?" Sam answered back from the other room.

I wondered why he was so busy. Then I thought. Sarah? His ex? Oh fuck! I really hoped it wasn't what I thought it was. I wanted to go inside and look but decided against it. I really didn't want my worst fears coming true. But, I was pissed off and needed some answers.

"I told him that, but he wants to see you." Karen answered back. 

She left me standing at the door, and I heard Sam shout. "FOR FUCK'S SAKE." 

The next second, Sam came out from the room, swaying to the door, obviously pissed. He was wearing a pair just a simple pair of tight black shorts and look so hot. I let me eyes roam up and down his body and eyed up his slightly tented crotch. Then I looked up to his face and saw the shocked expression he had. I figured that it couldn't be good. I obviously had timed this wrong.

He stopped when he saw me there and looked at me. "Jake!"

I smiled. "Hey babe. Surprised?" I asked.

He huffed. "Could say that, yeah." He answered. I stepped up to him to give him a kiss but he pushed me away. I nearly fell backwards but it didn't look like he gave a shit. "What the fuck you doin here Jake?" He asked.

I didn't answer. Just stood there looking at him. I felt like I'd been punched in the chest, it hurt that much. What was I supposed to say to that? Who did he think I was? But he didn't stop. He carried on

"You come to check on me have ya Jake, check I've been a good boy?" He had no expression on his face, just looked at me, waiting for an answer. He swayed and held onto the wall. Yeah he was pissed, but that was no excuse. "Were you just after my cock Jake? That what you been missing? Have you come for more?" He said grabbing his crotch.

The girl, Sarah just left us to it and walked away. I heard her mumble something to someone but couldn't hear what.

I stood there staring at him. Why would he say that to me? "No, I didn't. How dare you talk to me like that? How dare you talk to me like a piece of shit you just walked in? What the fuck am I to you Sam? You obviously haven't told anyone about me or her at least." 

He didn't answer me, just looked down to the floor and sighed, but didn't move. He looked at me and began to speak but I interrupted him.

"I actually came to see you Sam ‘cause I wanted to and thought you might want to see me. I was hoping to come in and give you some good news, but it looks like you're already have your own party here, and I guess I'm not invited to it either. I think I should go and…" I was interrupted. 

A guy popped his head around the door, and spoke to Sam. "Come on Sam, shut the door and get your ass in here, it's getting cold." He said, and then he looked at me and smiled. "Hi." He said to me.

He came out and was wearing just as little clothing as Sam was. I was suddenly very concerned and nervous about what was going on in that room. I knew that I would have to see for myself, even if Sam didn't want me to.

The guy came up to Sam and squeezed his ass. I opened my mouth wide in shock. Sam turned around and pushed his hands away, but it didn't look like he'd put much effort into it. Then, to make matters worse, his hands wrapped around Sam's waist and started dry humping Sam's ass and laughing. Sam pushed him off. 

"Gary, get the fuck off me. " He told him.

"For fuck's sake Sam, stop being a grump. Live a little and have some fun." He complained back and moved away.

Sam didn't reply. I wondered if he was just shrugging him off because I was there. Then he looked at me. "Listen Jake, this just isn't a good time right now. Can't you come back some other time?" 

I wasn't happy about what he said at all. What was wrong with now? What was he hiding from me? I put the bottle of wine down on the floor and stepped closer to him so our faces almost touched. I spoke quietly, but loud enough so he could hear every word. "Why Sam, why not now? Do any of your friends even know about me? Do they know you have a boyfriend? Come on Sam, answer me. Are you embarrassed to be seen with me?"

I ran my finger up and down his chest and cupped his crotch. He didn't stop me though; just let my hand wander up and down his torso. He moaned and pulled me closer. "Oh God Jake!" He gasped.

I pulled away and stepped back before we went any further. He moaned his frustration. I wasn't up for letting him off yet. He still spoke to me like crap and still hadn't apologized and said he wanted me there, and as far as I was concerned, my party invite had not yet turned up. 

This Gary guy then looked at me. He smiled and ran his finger over my cheek and I couldn't help but shiver a little. Sam looked a bit pissed off at that moment, but didn't say or do anything. I was kinda hoping he would. I pulled Gary's finger away. "So Jake, are you here for the party too? You're cute, and I'd love to get into those pants and get a hold of that body."

Sam winced, like he was in pain, but still didn't object to anything Gary suggested or did. Did he really not mind if I went off with another guy? Is this what he was doing himself while I wasn't around? Surely he would say who I was and tell him I wasn't available. I waited for him to speak up, to say something? But he didn't. He would've let Gary flirt with me and he couldn't give a shit. Well now I knew where I stood. 

I suddenly felt sick, like someone had punched my in the stomach and ripped out my heart. I realized what Gary was talking about. The party! That's what this was, why they had no clothes on. Some fuckin orgy! I shot a look at Sam that told him I wasn't gonna put up with his bullshit any longer. 

I looked at Gary and smiled. "You know I wasn't here for the party, but now that I am here, I wouldn't mind joining in just to see what fun you're having. I could be willing to join in if it looks good, especially if everyone looks as good as you." I told him. I tried to give Gary my best seductive smile and he grinned back. 

I looked at Sam and I could see the pain on his face. "Jake please don't." He begged.

I went up to him and whispered in his ear. "Don't you dare Sam. Some fuckin boyfriend you are, when you let some guy flirt and touch me like that, touch you like that even. At least I know where I stand. But don't worry, I'm only gonna see what kind of parties you have here, then I'll be off, you won't have to see me again." 

He tried to pull me back, but I wasn't having any of it. I walked in behind Gary and before I went through the living room door, I could already hear noises that sounded like moaning and groaning from a porn film. I could guess that that wasn't what it was. Gary opened the door and all it took was one look in that room, and I knew I didn't need to see Sam's face to know what it would be like. The smell of sex was overpowering enough, but to see it was too much. On the chair which he usually sat at, was a guy, giving another guy a blow job. On the floor was the guy I knew as Billy, fucking some slut doggy style, while another guy fucked his ass. On the couch, were four guys all in various positions which I really can't explain, as I had trouble believing it myself. The girl known as Sarah, already had her fair share of fun, as she was getting double fucked on the other chair. 

I stood watching as Gary walked in and took his pants off. He erection grew pretty quick as he went over to the two guys on the chair and started sucking on the guy who giving the blowjob.

It was unbelievable to see, and I really didn't think this thing existed, especially not in my boyfriend's house. Talk about stunned. I wondered where Sam would be in this orgy if I hadn't have turned up. It made me sick. I couldn't stand it anymore. I shut the door and walked up to Sam.
