 For the next couple of days after that incident at his house, I thought about what Sam had said and I figured that maybe I was being a little unfair with him. I realised that I should have given him a chance to explain what happened in the beginning, and then maybe things wouldn't have got as far as it had. But, stupid me had to be in a mood and act like a girl who can't get her own way. At least that's what my friend Emma told me the day before. She said I should just get over it and give Sam a call. Well, I decided I would do, but I phoned Adam instead. I explained that I really wasn't ready for another relationship, and I was still in love with Sam, but hoped we could be friends. You know, he told me exactly the same thing that Emma did. Bitch! I'm sure they consulted each other behind my back.

Anyway, I thought about giving him a ring on the Saturday, but then thought that maybe it was too soon. I didn't want him to think that I'd given into him so easily. I know it's stupid. I didn't fancy going out anyway, so I just decide to stay in and watch a film that I hired from the video store that afternoon. 'Troy,' starring Brad Pitt. Oh Yeah, now who wouldn't like to wake up with that every morning? Now that's a dream. I bought myself a bottle of wine and sat in front of the TV with some popcorn, getting myself comfortable on the couch with a blanket. I had the fire on, and it looked romantic. Now just someone to share it with would've been nice. But I was alone, again. I was used to it anyway; after all, I had plenty of experience doing this when I was feeling sorry for myself a few weeks before.

Halfway through the film I heard a knock at my door. I reluctantly got up and pressed pause on the film. I went to open the door. Sam

"Hey. Glad I got the right house." He smiled.

"You don't give up do you? I think you're stalking me." I said seriously, although I couldn't help but smile inside.

"Are you complaining?"

"Yes." 

"So shut the door."

I did. He knocked again.

"Yes?" I asked. This time I couldn't help but smile a little.

"You answered it."

"So?"

"If you knew it was me then why did you open it?"

"Because you knocked and I didn't want to be rude." 

He sighed. I wanted him to beg for forgiveness, even though he had done so numerous times. I must admit, even in that situation, you couldn't help but notice how god dammed sexy he was, and how his eyes sparkled, even in the dark. 

"Yeah ok, I asked for it." He finally said. I smiled. "So are you gonna let me in?"

"Do you think I should?"

"Maybe, do you want to?"

"Don't know."

He looked down at the floor. "Ok but make a decision quick 'cause I'm not prepared to stand out here all night. It's cold."

"You think that would bother me Sam?"

"Yes I do."

I paused for a while. "Okay you're right it would, come in, but I don't know what you're expecting."

"I don't expect anything."

I walked back into my lounge and Sam followed behind me, shutting the door. He looked around then sat down.

"Nice place."

"Thanks, it does okay for me. Do you want something to drink? I'm on wine at the moment, but I've got something softer if you prefer."

"Yeah I'll have a glass of that wine, but only one, I'm driving." I brought another glass in and sat down on the couch. "Is this what you like to do on Saturday nights when on your own, watch Troy with a box of popcorn and a bottle?" 

"Well I didn't fancy going out and I figured Brad Pitt was good enough." He looked kind of hurt by that comment and I felt a little guilty. Maybe he was upset that I didn't think about him. I decided to change the subject. "So anyway you can tell me how you got my address first, and then you can tell me what you're doing here." I spoke up.

"I got your address from those friends you were with a few weeks ago. I saw them in Pleasure tonight and hoped you would be there. I was upset that you weren't, so anyway I had to beg and plead but they eventually gave in so I drove here. I just came to see you."

"Okay." I thought for a second. "Do you want to finish watching this with me? You could help me with the popcorn."

He smiled and agreed. We got comfortable, me on the right and him on the left. A safe distance was between us and I pulled the blanket over us. He smiled at me and relaxed. We carried on watching and talking about the film. He said he'd seen it before but he didn't mind seeing it again. I offered him another glass of wine and he accepted. I really wanted to get him pissed then he wouldn't be able to go home and he could stay the night, but he didn't have to know my intentions did he? But then I wondered if it was too soon to be thinking about sex with him again.

He carefully and slowly moved himself closer to me, eventually putting his right hand on my thigh. He smelled so good, so hot. His hand felt good and he rubbed it further up my crotch when I didn't object. His put his and my glass down on the coffee table and moved the popcorn away. He turned to face me and moved closer. I wanted him to kiss me. He whispered into my ear.

"I've missed you so much Jake. All I can think about is you." He licked around my ear lobe. I shivered from the touch and melted again.

I moved my lips to his and kissed him hard. His eyes opened wide, startled. But then he kissed me back, his open mouth met mine and we pushed our tongues out together, playing, tasting, dancing in our mouths. We both moaned as our kisses became more passionate and needy. I'd missed this, missed him. His hands moved from my thigh up to my shirt, undoing the buttons quickly, and then pulling it open to expose my chest. I leaned forward so he could take it off me. His fingers pinched my nipples and I groaned with delight. He pulled his mouth off mine and kissed my neck softly, sending shivers throughout my body. He made his way down to my nipples, sucking, licking and biting them. I felt my cock rise to his hardest. He kept nibbling at my nipples until they were red raw, but I loved it. I shouted out his name and it only spurred him on even more. I grabbed his head, pushing him further down, and he kissed my stomach and abs, licking around my navel. He threw the blanket off in a rush. He pulled his own shirt off, giving me a delicious eye full of that gorgeous firm chest. His touch was gentle, but firm. He started to undo the button and zip on my pants.

I lifted my hips up so he could rip them off me. He pulled them down and off and buried his face in my boxer covered crotch. Oh God it was so good to have him there. I could see how desperate he was, how much he needed me at that moment. I knew he was hungry for me and it made me feel good. 

I knew that he was what I wanted and I felt so into it. I was ready to explode just from his face and tongue licking at my cock and balls, confined in their material. But then I suddenly stopped. I don't know why but I figured that I just wasn't ready, as much as I wanted it, needed it, my cock also wanting it as well, I couldn't carry on. There was still some stupid little doubt in my mind that it was only sex to him. I couldn't do it anyway like this. I wanted it to be special. Yes I know I'm a soppy bastard.

"Stop Sam please."

He looked up, surprised and confused. "Huh?"

"I can't, I'm sorry, not yet."

"Why...have I....?" He started to question. He looked hurt.

"No, you haven't done anything. In fact I was enjoying myself, really getting into it. It's just that I want us to wait a while, to make sure this is right."

He stood up, angry. "You still don't trust me Jake. Is that it? After all I said."

He sat back down on the other chair, looking pissed off and upset. I could see the huge bulge in his pants. I felt my cock dance, but I ignored it.

"No Sam, that isn't it. I still want you, and I do trust you, but I don't want us to do it like this, here and now with the way things are. Listen, I just want us to get back on track. Believe me; I probably need it just as much as you. I want you to stay the night with me. Would you still want to, even though I said no sex until everything is okay?"

He looked up. "Really, you serious?"

I nodded and he came over to me, kneeling on the floor. "You know I want that more than anything. I can wait for the rest. You're right, we should hold on."

"Ok then, that's sorted. We can watch the rest of Troy, and then I'm going for a shower before bed." I looked at him, and he winked. "On my own." I finished. He laughed. 

We watched the rest of the film snuggled up. It did feel good to be like that with him. It felt like we were just a normal couple, spending a night in together. I love him. 

When it finished, we put the stuff in the kitchen and turned everything off, then locked up. I told him to follow me upstairs. He grinned so much; I didn't think the smile would ever leave his face.

"So, anyway, you go get the bed warmed up and I'll join you when I'm done." I told him.

I grabbed a towel and went to the bathroom while he undressed in my room. My cock grew stiff as I thought of a near naked Sam in my king size bed. I stroked myself as the water trickled down my body. I shook when the orgasm hit me, and moaned out loud, my cum shooting off onto the wall. I hoped he hadn't heard. I finished off and put the towel around my waist and walked into my room.

Sam was lying face down with just a tight pair of black boxer briefs on that clung to his gorgeous firm buttocks. I stood looking at him, my eyes concentrating on his smooth muscular back, his firm strong legs, lightly coated with dark hairs. His beautiful body just oozed sex. He looked so hot and I knew I was a lucky guy to have him here with me, in my bed. I could imagine how many offers he had from men and women, but he wanted me. The only imperfections on his body were the scars that covered his leg. I knew that didn't matter to me. He was perfect just the way he was.

The sight of him made my cock tent out the towel and I quickly moved and turned away so he wouldn't be able to see how hot he got me. I was determined to not let anything happen between us. Kisses and cuddles were allowed until we were sure everything was good between us. I didn't want things to mess it up. But damned if it wasn't so hard to keep away.

I was finishing drying myself and he must have heard me and looked up. I was stood naked, bent over drying my feet.

He whistled and I couldn't help but chuckle.

"Oi. Stop looking at my ass, perv."

"You can't blame me. How can you bend over like that and not expect to get a reaction."

"You weren't supposed to notice. I thought you were sleeping."

"Sleep? Nah, not yet babe. I haven't had a goodnight kiss."

I turned to face him and dropped my towel, showing all my glory. My cock was rock hard and standing straight up. Pre-cum was already leaking from the tip. He got up and came to the edge of the bed. I saw him swallow and he licked his lips seductively. I knew what he wanted, but could I do this? Did I really want to wait for us to go all the way? He took off his underwear and threw it on the floor.

I watched as his cock grew solid. I watched as he fondled his balls. I watched as he sucked on his finger and trailed it from his mouth, over his nipples, down towards his treasure trail and to his cock. I stared transfixed as he stroked himself until a blob of pre-cum landed on the tip. I felt my own throb and pulse with delight. He saw it and smiled. I moaned as he wrapped his right hand around his own manhood, using his lube to stroke himself. He moaned and it made me groan.

"Oh fuck, that looks so hot." I said as I went to grab my rod. He put his hand out as if to stop me. I did and carried on watching him. He smiled and went back to massaging his cock and teasing me. He put his left hand out towards me and made the 'come here' sign with his fingers. I stood right in front of him. He took some of the leaked juice from my tip and moved back on the bed. He lifted his knees up and I got to see his exposed hole. I groaned. My cock literally bounced in front of me and I was leaking so much. He rubbed around his hole and stroked his pole while I stared at him. He moaned and it just made me want him so bad. He never took his eyes off me once.

"Baby I want you so much." I said coming closer to him.

"I thought you were being good tonight Jake." He said still stroking himself. 

"I was until I saw you led there on my bed. I think you know damn well I couldn't resist you tonight Sam."

He let out a little laugh and moved to the edge of the bed. Now my cock was very close to his face. "So it had nothing to do with what I just did then?"

"Oh fuck. If you only knew just how hot that was. Once touch and I'm gone." I said.

He licked his lips and watched the pre-cum dribble from my very angry cock. "I think I can do something about that." He answered, moving in closer, his hand now holding onto the shaft. I gasped. So close. He kept his hand still. I tried to thrust it faster but he wouldn't let me. I was on the verge of exploding. 

He stood up to face me and we kissed. I knew I didn't have to wait, well at least for some things anyway. We wouldn't fuck, but we could still suck. I had him here with me now. 

His kiss was loving and passionate. We stayed like that for a while, not taking things any further. Then I sat him on my bed and told him to wriggle himself to the top and lie down. I stared at him for a few seconds, taking in that gorgeous body, then moved myself on top of him, our bodies touching. He felt so warm, so gentle. We kissed again, his arms moving around my back, caressing my skin up and down, almost tickling me. I shivered and moaned at his touch. I broke away from his lips to kiss his neck and nibble on his ears. "I love you." I whispered into his ear; before I moved down to lick his nipples. He gasped and his back arched upwards as I sucked on them gently, one by one. I moved my fingers to pinch on one, while I bit his other. He wriggled about so much and his moaning was loud. He felt good, tasted good.

"Oh Jake... keep doing that."

I carried on until his nipples were bright red and rock solid. Then I was kissing and licking my way to his navel, swirling my tongue around it. I think his cock was as desperate as mine right then.

I pushed my face into his pubes, sniffing out his manly aroma. His pre-cum was dribbling out of the head and I tasted it before pulling away. Its juices were shining as they flowed. I moaned and went to his balls. He had them hairless and smooth, just how I liked mine. I remembered they were hairier last time but I didn't care and wondered if he did that for me. I looked up at him and smiled and he smiled back. I licked at them, sucked them and took them in my mouth, feeling how soft and smooth they felt. He spread his legs wider for me and I took his aching erection in my hand, stroking it up and down, feeling the veins in my hand.

"Suck me Jake, please baby, I'm so close."

I moved off his balls and licked the tip of his cock, lapping up the juices that were dribbling from him. He moaned and his cock jumped. I licked up and down and all around the shaft before taking half of him in at once. 

"Ohhhhhh fuck baby." He shouted.

I just moaned as he pushed himself upwards, fucking my mouth, forcing more of him inside until I relaxed and had all of him down my throat. He tasted wonderful. I wanted his cock and I wanted his cum. I sucked harder and faster, rolling my tongue around his length as I sucked. I pulled out hard, and went back down fast, moaning at the same time.

"Fuck...this is good....so good....I'm gonna cum babe...gonna shoot in your hot mouth."

I played with his balls, stimulating them to empty. I sucked for my dear life, and with a finger, circled his ass hole. This must have set him off because he shouted and came.....straight down my throat. Spurt after spurt shot out of his cock. I swallowed some, and then pulled out so I could taste him on my tongue. Delicious!

After he had finished and caught his breath back, and I licked him clean, as well as my chin, I moved up to kiss him. He licked his lips, tasting his own hot love juice.

"Oh fuck Jake that was amazing. Your mouth is so hot around me."

I smiled and he watched me stroking my own erection. He pulled my hand away, and looked at me with those eyes again.

"What are you doing? That cock is mine and you ain't touching it tonight. I'm going to take care of that."

With that, he flipped me onto my back and kissed me hard. Then, just as I did to him, he did to me. Kissing and nibbling me, starting at my neck, and down to my nipples, where he paid more attention. My cock twitched every time he bit on them. I dribbled pre-cum like never before and I wasn't going to last long. I moaned and groaned, telling him how good he was making me feel. He took my balls into his mouth, rolling them one by one using his expert tongue. That tongue did magic on my body. I wanted more, needed more.

"Fuck Sam....I'm gonna shoot soon....I can't take it, you're driving me wild."

I pushed my hips up and leaned forward so I could guide his head to my cock. He stroked it a couple of times, milking the pre-cm out, then lapping it up just as I did to him.

He looked into my eyes as he took me whole into his mouth. Oh fuck what a site! What a feeling! I tried to keep them open to watch him suck on my cock; twisting his mouth and lips around, giving me pleasures I never new existed. 

I didn't last long at all and shot into his mouth with one big blow. He greedily swallowed it, trying hard not to gag as I shot load after load into his waiting mouth. He pulled out and squeezed the last few drops of cum onto his tongue as my orgasm subsided.

We led there for a while in each others arms, talking and kissing.

"I love you. You know that don't you?" Sam said.

"Yes and I love you to babe."

We both fell asleep soon after that wrapped in each other's arms. It was good to have him there with me. I was happy, very happy.

********************************************

The next morning, I woke up to feel something pressed up against my back. I smiled as I remembered Sam and what we did together. I wanted to stay in bed and make love, but I couldn't. I was achingly hard, but unfortunately, not for that reason. I managed to crawl out of bed without him waking up. I looked down at my sleeping love and couldn't help but give him a little peck on his cheek. He moved a little but didn't wake. I always wondered what it would be like to wake up with him in bed. I thought I would never see the day. I wondered if it would happen again, if he still wanted me. Talk about insecurity.

I went to relieve myself, then put a pair of boxers on and figured I should start breakfast. I looked in the fridge and cupboards, but I didn't know what he would like. I suddenly remembered he mentioned one day to liking a fried breakfast at weekends so I decided to do that. With the tomatoes, eggs, bacon, hash browns, bread and mushrooms, I decided that he would like at least something I cooked. I put on my apron. I loved it as it said 'FUCK THE COOK' in big bold letters. My brother got it me for Christmas the year before and I think my mother wore it a few times as well. Frightening thought I know.

I didn't hear him come into the kitchen as I was too caught up cooking and singing to myself. I just felt a pair of arms wrap around me and a hard cock press against my ass crack.

"Morning sexy." He whispered in my ear. I smiled big. Who wouldn't?

"Good morning to you too, did you sleep well?" I asked as I leaned into him.

"Like a baby. I haven't slept as well as that in weeks. I could get used to it." He replied, humping my ass. It felt amazing and I figured that if I didn't move, he would start fucking me over the cooker. Not a good idea, so I turned around to face him. His eyes lit up as he read my apron. He chuckled. "Is that an offer?" He asked.
