 It was a normal Friday night and I was walking back from the front gate of post in Germany. I had just came back from the club and decided to call it a night or should I say a morning. I was a little drunk but not so bad that I did not know what was going on around me. Just to describe myself I was 19, 165 lbs., 6' with a good teen build It was nice weather; I was wearing jeans and a tee shirt.

A black car drove up next to me and rolled down its window. It was a black guy in his mid-thirties and he asked me if I wanted to come over and watch a couple porno's that he had rented and drink a couple beers. I told him I was going to my barracks and not really interested but then he said he had some girls coming over. So I readily agreed thinking, "Wow, this guy is pretty cool." He lived just a couple minutes away from post and we arrived at his house real quick. He opened the door and said, "Come on in and have a seat." I sat down on his couch, which was very comfortable leather and started watching a porn that was playing already. This girl was getting fucked in the ass and sucking a cock at the same time.

"Be right back, I'll go get you a beer."

"Cool man, thanks," I said, "You're all right..."

This guy seemed real cool so I settled in to watch the porn. He came back with my beer and we started drinking and laughing at this slut on the screen. Then he asked me, "Hey why don't you get comfortable and put some shorts on." I told him that I did not have any on but he told me that he had a pair that I could wear. I got up and went to the bathroom where he showed me a pair of thin shorts. 

I came back to the couch and started watching the movie again. I looked over at James and could see that the movie had made him horny. He was rubbing his cock through his shorts. Then he looked up at me and said that he could not take it any more and with that he pulled his shorts off and started rubbing his cock. I had never seen a black man's cock in real life only on TV. His cock was at least eight inches and looked like a big black snake. He looked at me and told that I could do the same. 

I had never jacked off with another guy so I said that I was fine. "What are you worried about? We are just two guys watching a porn and jacking off." He said. So very nervously I slipped my shorts down and started to stroke my seven-inch dick. 

I was watching the movie, and I would watch him jack off at the same time without letting him see me. Then he stood up and moved over to the couch that I was sitting on. He sat down next to me and asked me if he could help me jack off. I did not know what to say but he took my dick and started to stroke it for me. I had never had anybody jack me off not even a girl. It felt so good I thought that I was going to blow my load right then. 

James bent down and stuck my dick into his mouth and it took about ten seconds and I cummed like I had never cummed before. I was very surprised because I had never felt this way with any of my girl friends. He looked up at me and said that that tasted great.

He told me that I could touch his cock but I told him that was ok I did not want to. James said that he did not want to push me into something that I did not want. "You look a little tense how about a massage to help you relax?" I did feel tense so I thought what the hell. He showed my to the back room where the massage was to take place and I noticed a bed on the floor with clean sheets and towels arranged on it. James told me to lie down on the bed on my stomach and then he would be back in a minute, and that was all I remember. I must have had to much to drink.

When I awoke James had put some soothing music on and was kneeling beside me started to rub my back and shoulders with warm soothing oil. The feeling was wonderful and I started to relax as he worked the tension out of my back. As he worked lower down towards my ass I realized that I was feeling quite relaxed, but I was lying there with my legs spread and my arms also spread. I tried to move but he had tied my hands to the corners of the bed and my ankles to the other corners. James said to relax and he would just massage. He told me if I did what I was told nobody would find out what happened that night.

As he continued the massage James was now kneading my ass and small of my back with his strong hands. He stopped and moved down to my feet beginning to work from them back up towards my ass again and now he knelt between my legs working first on one then the other with his skillful hands. As his hands reached the top of my thighs the pressure of the massage was changing from one of some depth and strength to a caress of my white thighs and buttocks. Then taking more oil he traced the crease of my ass with one finger, while with his other hand he squeezed the inner thigh and parted my legs further.

I have to admit that this was giving me an erection and I was beginning to want the action to continue. Just as I thought he would keep stroking my ass I suddenly felt him use some pressure with his finger and rub it around my anus. The sensation was divine and I sighed a bit when he stopped. I felt more oil drip onto the crack of my ass and then his finger returned and slowly pushed into me. I have done that to myself but had never been fingered by another man before. It was however after a second or two of discomfort a wonderful feeling.

James asked me if everything was all right and lying there with his hand on my ass and a finger up my chute I said "yes, its fine". He asked if I wanted him to continue and again I answered "yes".

Taking his finger from my ass I felt something else placed against it. James told me to try and relax and that he was going to place a small vibrator in my butt. The head slid in and once again after a second or two my ass relaxed to accept the new sensations and the vibrator sent small tingles through my guts.

James removed the vibrator and I felt him lean forward over my back. As he did I felt the head of his prick probing at my ass. Once again he stopped before he entered me and asked if I was still feeling okay and wanted to continue. In response I spread my legs farther apart and pushed my ass back against his prick. With a hand on each side of me I felt the pressure of his cock head pressing against my ass as he waited above me. Suddenly the head of his prick stretched my ass open and popped inside. This time there was considerable pain and I asked him to stop.

James held still there for a minute and told me to try and relax and take some deep breaths. As I did I felt my ass once again stretch and loosen around his cock and suddenly the pain was gone replaced by a desire to feel the rest of his cock inside me. I hunched back against him again and felt the head of his cock move forward another inch into me. As he felt this James again pushed forward and in six or seven short pushes he buried his cock in my ass.

Now he started to thrust into me with greater fervor and although it sometimes hurt a bit I felt my ass clutching at his cock as he screwed me. I had a hard on pressed between my belly and the towel and could feel my own pre-cum leaking out the end of my dick.

James's thrusts became faster and shorted and suddenly I felt his cock throbbing in my ass as he came inside me. He moaned as he did and then slumped against my back. I asked him about the girls that he was talking about. He said that I looked like I was enjoying being one of the girls and then I hear the door open and another black guy walks in. He was tall and slender and had a huge cock that was swinging in front of him. I felt him get on to the bed and I started to struggle but I was not going anywhere.

He made sure that I was wet enough buy taken more oil and squirting my ass with it. I felt him push the head of his huge dick into my ass and I started protest but James had come around front of me and forced his cock up to my mouth. He forced it between my lips, slapping me hard when I tried to keep my teeth together.

"Wrap your lips around my cock," he demanded. "Suck me like you want to. Make me come in your mouth."

As I closed my lips around the head of the hard cock, my ass was opening itself up to the hard cock that was slowly sliding up into me. The pain was still there but was subsiding a little as the cock reached its goal, fully filling my ass.

I closed my eyes as the cock in my mouth slid against my tongue. The cock in my ass started to slide out of me again and then was thrust fully, back in. The pain this time was not as intense and I found I was starting to enjoy it a little even though I was being raped. My mind went blank as the two black cocks continued to abuse me, first the one in my mouth, thrashing against my tongue and the in my ass, pounding in and out of me, filling me and emptying me every time it was thrust in and out.

After what seemed like an eternity, the cock inside my ass twitched and I felt it spew it's hot come up into me, warming my ass and filling my canal. The man grunted once as he came and held himself against my ass, as he spewed hot come into me, over and over again. I felt the man's balls grinding against my ass as they emptied themselves into me.

Suddenly, I felt a bitter, somewhat sweet taste on my tongue as the cock inside my mouth started to spurt its come into my mouth. My head was being held against James's groin and all I could feel was the James's hair rubbing against my face as the cock filled my mouth with its hot load. I tried not to swallow but there was too much for me not too and so I swallowed quickly, trying not to gag as I did.

My ass was suddenly empty as the man pulled out of me, the come running down my legs and covering my balls with its sticky gooey mass. It felt warm as it pooled around my upturned balls and I hoped that this was all over. Both men had fucked me and had come and I wanted this all to end. I woke up the next morning to find my self at the bus stop in front of post...