 This story is one of a situation from my past. As an adult I now have a lot of different fetishes but one I have always had is kind of weird, I have and asshole fetish. I love them. Pink, puckered, & hairless (or almost). I'm not one for nasty hairy assholes just the smooth ones. I love licking them, playing with them, fucking them just about anything you can think of. It doesn't matter if they belong to a girl or guy just as long as they are clean smooth and meet my requirements.

Anyways on to the story.

This all happened back when I was in high school, just after my 18th birthday. I had been aware of my fetish for a very long time. I was still a virgin so my fetish would be satisfied by sneaking my dad's pornos and staring at the pics of the girls on all fours and jerking off as their holes winked at me(in my imagination) calling for my attention. While in school I would try to sneak peeks at the other guys in the locker room as they bent over but this would always be risky as my cock would raise the instant I would see their cocks or tight little holes.

In the summer of 1983 I only had one friend as I was quite a loner. John was a nice guy, tall, thin and being asian almost completely smooth. I went down to the condo he and his mom where living in to crash for the night. His dad was gone and his mom was going out with the girls and would be staying at one of their houses. We snuck beers as teens do and made our way out to the community jacuzzi. We met a couple of younger girls there and were talking with them for a while trying to pick up on them when an older couple showed up. We all chatted for a while until the couple started making out. The four of us just looked at each other giggling from the beers until we watched as the older girl mounted her boyfriend and they went at it like rabbits. The moment didn't last long before they both came and left immediately. The girls left to thinking they'd get pregnant from the cum floating in the water.

John and I went back to his place and showered. I gently massaged my cock thinking of the situation I had just seen but unable to cum. I met John back in the living room, we were both just wearing my sweat pants and I could clearly see John's semi hard cock outlined. We broke out the beers again and got drunk pretty quickly. We seemed unable to talk about anything other than the couple in the jacuzzi and what we wanted to do to the girls we were with. My cock was raging at this point and pushing hard against my sweat pants and making an obvious wet spot. At John's suggestion we went to bed.  

I was laying on the floor over my blanket in the dark quietly reliving the scene from the jacuzzi and picturing John's cock in his sweat pants. We had been in his room for about 1/2hr so I figured John was asleep and it was ok to pull out my cock for a quick stroke off. I lowered my pants down to my ankles and slowly started pulling on my rod. Things were coming along well as I ran my foreskin over and off my cockhead feeling the precum lubing the head really well. Then it happened, a quiet whisper from across the room. "Are you jacking off" was all I heard.

I quickly rolled over so John couldn't see my cock and of course denied masturbating. John knew I was he said he could hear the juices on my cock as my hand moved. "Fine" I said "what do you expect I'm fucking horny after everything tonight." John sat quiet for about a minute before admitting he was to. Then there was silence. "Hey John why don't you jack off too....it's not that big of a deal." 

After some contemplation I heard John pulling off his clothes. Relieved I rolled back over and wrapped my hand back around my cock. John reached over and turned on the light which startled me. "What the fuck" I said. "I thought it would be cool if we could see each other" John admitted. Not one to object to seeing a hard cock I agreed. John turned around and sat on the side of his bed showing himself to me in all his glory. His cock was really nice. It was about 6" long not to fat and cut perfectly with very little wispy bush crowning his shaft. A drop of precum oozed from his piss slit and ran down his shaft and balls dripping slowly onto the floor. I removed my hand from my cock and sat up against the wall opposite him to display my 5 ½" uncut thick cock to him.

We both moaned at the sight of each other's cocks and we slowly started stroking. I marveled at how nice his cock looked. I just had to get a closer look. I gently eased myself onto my knees and slowly moved toward him without stopping my stroking. I lowered my head until my face was about a foot from his cock. I could feel John's eyes on me willing me down to suck him.  I had at this point not even thought of sucking his cock just getting a better look but being that close I just......I lowered my head and wrapped my lips around his perfect head. I rolled my tongue over his slit sucking up his precum. 

I slowly eased my head down his shaft and pushed his hand out of the way with my lips. I pushed his cock to the back of my throat and swallowed on it. Spit ran from my mouth and down John's almost hairless balls. I reached out my hand cupped them, John moaned. I massaged the spit into his ball sack, he moaned again. I followed the spit trail with my finger down and into his crack. I felt the hesitation from John. I left my finger there stable not doing anything as my tongue went to work on the head. I heard moans again. I wrapped my other hand around his cock and lifted my head. I had to tell him. I had to let him know of my fetish.

John looked down at me as a finger from my left hand gently rested in his asscrack and my right slowly stroked his cock. "John" I said "I have to tell you something.....I have a fetish it's kinda weird but don't freak out ok." John couldn't move I had his cock in my hand but the look on his face changed. "I have and asshole fetish"....I blurted it out. "I just love them smooth, pink, puckered assholes. I've never done anything with anyone but I really want more than anything to play with someone's asshole."

As I manipulated his slender cock John just smiled at me raised himself up as I reluctantly released his cock. "Here it is" I thought "he's gonna hit me." Instead, smiling John turned around spreading his legs and ever so slowly bent over the bed just to tease me. Eventually there it was in front of me. My very first real live asshole. It wasn't completely smooth and it wasn't pink but it was almost perfect. There it sat between two round cheeks. It was brown; it was clean with little wispy hairs around it. 

I looked up from his ass to his face. John was looking at me over his shoulder with what seemed to be anticipation. He gave me a little nod and I returned to the task at hand. I eased my face forward taking in the fragrance of sweat and soap. I tried to calm my excitement as I gently rubbed my nose and lips in his smooth sexy crack. My mouth was watering as I stuck out my tongue. It wasn't a gentle quick lick; it was a long slow lap. I dragged the entire length of my tongue over his pucker savoring the taste. The soap was bitter, the sweat salty and his hole was wonderful. All the years of wanting and waiting and I finally tasted my first asshole.

My cock felt like it was going to explode. Precum was leaking profusely and was making a puddle on the floor in front of me. My glands were so excited and sensitive I thought I would cum right there without touching myself. I continued my licking getting more aggressive as I went. I could hear moans so John liked my ministrations. I pulled his cheeks apart curled my tongue and pushed into his virgin hole. The tip penetrated about a half inch and John threw his head back and let out a guttural groan. I had hit the spot. I could feel his asshole loosen up as more of my tongue pushed inside. 

I was tongue fucking my best friend's asshole. I reached between his legs and touched the head of his cock. He was leaking as much as me. He cried for me not to touch his cock, he was going to cum. John was at my mercy. I stood up and got behind him. I pushed his head down onto the bed pulled back my foreskin and laid the length of my cock in his crack. I held onto John's hips as I slowly slid my cock up and down his slick asscrack. I loved how sexy my cock looked laying there, glistening with my juices as it laid a slick trail in John's crack.

Here I was fucking John's asscrack. It was so hot. I leaned forward as John pushed towards me. Reaching under him I wrapped my fingers around and cock and started pumping it as hard as I could. I leaned back a little grabbed my cock. I searched out his pucker with my cock....ah there it is.....I rubbed my glands over and around his hole but never going inside. I wasn't fucking anymore I was masturbating using his asshole. I was so close and so was John I felt his cock swell as he was preparing to cum. 


I rubbed his glands with my thumb and his hole with my cock. John let out a deep growl as his juice shot from his cock across the bed under him and hit him in his chin. I leaned back a little more using my hand for pressure I fucked on his hole as I came. I came so hard that I shot from my piss slit up his crack and watched it pool into a dimple at his lower back.

We were exhausted. John just laid in his cum on the bed. I stood over him rubbing my cum down his crack and around his asshole. John was still moaning as I played. I pushed just a little and my finger went in to the first knuckle. John looked back at me and smiled...

Play time again.