 I had three ways in college, two girls and my self and it was a lot of fun. Felt as if I didn't have enough hands to hold on to everything. I also had a girl shared between a friend and I. She never seemed to get enough cock and I will always remember the look in her eyes as she turned around taking turns sucking me and fucking him and visa versa. The two of us guys never touched each other, I don't think we even threw up a high five. 

I thought I was all straight, then after being married for a few years and having three kids, my interest peaked a little to the bi curious side of things. The wife wasn't into sex any more but I wanted to have sex, oral or anal. I just wanted to cum without doing it myself. 

So I started looking online to find someone that would let me suck their cock, it had came to that. I was so horny I wanted to suck another's man cock. I always had very good oral skills with women so why not? I found a guy who let me try it for the first time, he was older and a very nice guy. We talked first about what I should expect and he could tell I was nervous. We both got naked and I finally lost my nerve after jerking him off and just put his cock in my mouth. It took about five minutes to get him to the brink of Cumming, I finished him off by jerking him. I wasn't sure about swallowing the first time out. He was impressed by my skills and kept asking me if I was telling the truth about my first time. 

So after two more experiences of bi blow-jobs giving and receiving I was feeling adventurous and wanted to try something new. I didn't think I was ready to take a cock in my ass, but I had started to think about it. 

Then there it was, an ad posted online that two guys were looking for a third. It stated their ages of 37 and 55. Both were married as well and professionals. So I replied with my stats of 40, 6 foot two inches and 225 pounds. Carrying a 6 and half inch cut cock. I asked for theirs as well so I wouldn't run into a monster cock this early in my Bi era. The 37 year old replied that he had a 7 inch cock and was 6 foot even and 180 pounds. The 55 year old was 5' 10" 200 pounds and a 6 inch cock and he would host. I was to meet the younger man in a parking lot over everyone's lunch and if we liked what we saw I would follow him to the other guys house. 

So I made sure I took some extra deodorant to work that day and told everyone that I was having an extended lunch. That way I could leave a little early and who knew how long this was going to take? I pulled in the parking lot at the dedicated time, saw his car and pulled alongside. We nodded at each other knowing we both liked what we saw. I followed him in and out of neighborhood streets until he parked in front of a nice suburban house. I followed him to the door, both excited and nervous. 

The older gentleman opened the door in a pair of shorts and a T-shirt. I was in jeans and a polo and the younger man was wearing khakis and tie. There was no introduction of names as the host looked at me up and down and finally spoke. 

"OK if we see each other in public we don't know each other. Agreed?" He said it sternly and I agreed. I must have had tunnel vision because the younger man was down to his boxers already. 

"Let's gets naked here and go I to the living room." He pointed the way as I undid my belt kicking off my shoes. 

Soon we were all naked and they both looked at me and told me to get on my knees. So I did, and I crawled between them. There were two cocks in front of me. Bob that's what we will call the host was starting to get hard while Jeff the younger was already stiff and his cock pointing right at me. I looked back and forth and then Jeff took his cock and slapped my cheek with it. I opened my mouth and took his hard pulsating cock in my mouth. I was running my tongue along the bottom of his cock when I felt a hand on my head pulling me away from one cock and towards the other. 

I kept stroking Jeff's cock with one hand and began sucking Bobs. It was hardening in my mouth and it was a fat cock too, filling my mouth. I could hear them kissing and making out. I stopped to catch my breath and I continued stroking both of them. Then I pulled the heads of their cocks closer together and stuck both in my mouth at the same time. Using my tongue to lick each tip. Jeff pulled out of my mouth and laid down if front of me and began sucking my cock. It felt as if I was going to explode at that moment. I'll remind you that I had only sucked my first cock three months before this. I couldn't believe it, I was getting a blow job and giving one at the same time. All this was running through my head and I realized that I had become an eager cock sucker taking all of Bobs cock in my mouth and twirling my tongue around it. 

Soon Bob had both hands on my head holding it in place as he began to to thrust his hips back and forth. He was now face fucking me. I was loving it as his balls would slap my chin with each thrust. Bob said he was getting close to Cumming and with that Jeff stood up and again I had two cocks in front of me. I began to suck one cock for two strokes and then I would go to the other cock and suck it twice before going back. Both men's bodies began to tense up. Bob told me to lay on my back and look up at his cock. As I lay there he dropped to his knees stroking his cock and shot his load on my face. He let out a grunt with each hot squirt from his cock. 

The cum was hitting my face and it was hot. He then stuck his cock in my mouth and I cleaned him off. As he pulled back Jeff dropped to his knees and began stroking over me. Soon I had to close my eyes as the cum from Bobs big load was running in my eyes. Soon I heard Jeff let out an "Ah" and I began to feel his hot cum land upon my face. It felt like two guys were no Cumming on me as Jeff was shooting a huge load. I stuck my tongue out and Jeff inserted his cock in my mouth. I was so turned on I sucked him till he began to shiver. Soon his cock was out of my mouth and I was left laying on the floor naked and unable to see. Bob must have left the room because from a distance I could hear him ask Jeff how many towels we were going to need. 

"One, I'll clean up his mess." Jeff replied and without warning my cock was getting sucked. It didn't take him long to deep throat me and then I felt a towel on my face. I began to wipe my face clean of the warm and yet still warm cum, when I felt the urge in my swelling balls that I needed to cum. My toes curled my hips thrust upward and I began to cum. Jeff kept sucking and swallowed all my load. 

I sat up and could now see. Bobs cock was now limp and he was standing over both Jeff and I. Jeff stood up and his cock was limp too. Mine was glistening from the mixture of my cum and Jeff's saliva. We all got dressed and headed for the door. I grabbed the towel one more time and wiped my face. 

"Did I get it all off?" I asked. 

"Looks good. Have a good day and thanks for coming over today." Bob responded and took the towel from me. 

Jeff and I walked to our cars and he too thanked me and I thanked him for letting me join them. I went back to work with a smile on my face and and the residue from both of their cum shots. 

THE END