 This is a story of the second meeting with a black friend of mine AND another friend of his! After I enjoyed some VERY HOT sex with the first black guy, I couldn't get it out of my mind. I couldn't wait to get with him again. He gave me his phone number and told me to call him ANY time. 

Well, about 2 nights later after the first meeting, I was driving around and debating on calling him to meet up again. I didn't have his number on me, so I thought, what the hell, I'll just drop by. You never know, I might get lucky. 

I pulled in the parking lot of his apartment, and my heart started to speed up a bit. I had to sit in my car for a couple minutes just to let my raging hard-on go down a little! The anticipation was very intense! I got to the door of his apartment, and before I knocked I listened to the door to see if I could here if someone was inside. I heard someone talking. I knocked. The door opened, and my friend was standing in front of me only in a pair of see-through briefs. My raging hard-on came back suddenly. He told me to come on in.

Little did I know that he had company. He had a friend from out of town staying with him. He also was a black gentleman. I asked if I was intruding. He said he was glad to see me so soon. His friend didn't seem to have a problem with me dropping in. His friend was sitting on the couch with a terry cloth robe on. I was immediately curious what his friend had stashed under his robe! My friend asked if I came over for a visit or something else.

Well, I admitted that I also, thought a lot about the other night, and wanted to experience this again ASAP! He asked if I minded letting his friend join. I told him I didn't mind, as long as his friend understood my limits. His friend quickly agreed to my limits of only oral from the waist down, and no penetration of my ass! 

So, off we went to the bedroom. My friend told me to relax for a bit and just enjoy the show. I sat back in a chair at the foot of his bed and watched as these two dark gents had their way with each other. My friend got down on his knees in front of his friend and undid the belt of his robe. He told his friend to take the robe off. His friend had on a pair of boxers. I couldn't tell yet what his cock looked like, but soon I would. He then yanked his friends shorts down and off in one motion. 

His friend was very large, and yet he was still soft. I, by the way was not! My friend started to kiss and lick all over his friends cock. It grew awful quick! I was looking at a cock that had to be 12" long if it was an inch! No wonder my friend had this guy over to stay! I sat back and watched as my friend tried to take as much of this humungous cock as he could in his mouth. His friend was moaning with extreme pleasure. My friend happens to be very good at sucking cock!

Man, it was such a tremendous turn-on to watch my friend suck a lot of this huge cock in his mouth! He must have taken at least 7-8" of it! He had it all wet. I could see saliva dripping from his mouth as he sucked this cock with all he had. A few times I saw him gag a little on it. This made him try to go down on it even further! I couldn't wait for my chance to make this big cock feel good! After he sucked it for what seemed like hours, he stopped and motioned for me to come over. I jumped up from the chair quickly. My friend told me to strip. I took everything off. He told me to come over get in between them. I slinked over to them. 

We just stood there for a couple of minutes and enjoyed the feel of each other's bodies. My friend was behind me, and his friend was in front of me. His friend did have a good smelling cologne on. As my friend massaged my ass and cock, I was deeply concentrated on his friends cock with my hands. His friend was completely hard at this point. I had both hands around his cock and I'll bet if I had 3 hands, they could have all fit around him! Then, all of a sudden my friend dropped to his knees and his friend turned toward me and dropped to his. My friend told me to spread my legs just a bit. As I did, he spread my cheeks apart and started tonguing my asshole! 

Then, his friend took my rock-hard cock in his mouth and started sucking away on it. This was such an incredible feeling with my ass getting tongue-fucked at the same time as I was receiving an incredible blowjob! In about 5 minutes, I was very ready to blow my load. I told them both I was ready to come. They told me to wait for that. I immediately said I wanted his friends cock. I dropped to my knees. My friend got on his knees and started licking his friends ass. There I was, kneeling in front of the biggest cock I had ever seen! He also had a very nice set of saggy balls! 

I lifted his heavy cock up out of the way and took his balls in my mouth. He was completely hairless on his cock and balls. His balls were so big that I had a hard time getting both of them in my mouth at the same time! I managed though! I stroked his long shaft as I saturated his balls with my wet mouth. Then I backed up and licked up and down the side of his cock and got it very wet before I took it in. He had a beautiful cock.

As I sucked his cock deep in my mouth, I cupped his big balls in my left hand as my right hand pulled as much of his cock as it could into my mouth. I was so turned on that I didn't even mind if I gagged a little when his cock went down my throat. I tried my hardest and finally managed to go all the way down on him until my lips touched the hair on his lower stomach. I was taking him down my throat in between breaths! My friend stopped licking his ass just so he could watch me take all of his friend in my mouth. After a couple minutes my friend suggested we get on the bed and get into a kind of 69 with all three of us. 

We agreed. We then all got on the bed and I still wanted to suck his friends cock. So I did his friend while his friend did him, and my friend did me. We kind of slowed down a little so we could savor some time in this position. 

After about what was probably 30 minutes or so, I was ready to shoot. My friend said go right ahead. Surprisingly, right as I started to cum, so did both of them! I couldn't believe how much cum his friend had stored up! It didn't matter, because we all swallowed each other's gladly. Then we all just fell back and rested for a while, and after a bit, I said I should get going. They both thanked me, and I said, "No. Thank You!"