 I had to take care of some business on the other side of town and on the way home I decided to stop at the ABS where my first couple cock sucking experiences took place. It was still a little before noon when I stopped in but I thought I might be able to catch some of the lunch time crowd. When I pulled in the parking lot there were several cars but not as many as I had expected. I guess the gas prices are taking a toll on all kinds of businesses. 

I didn't have a lot of time to spare so I opted for the arcade over the theater hoping to give or get a quick blowjob. When I walked into the arcade I didn't see anybody and as I walked down the isle all the booths were empty too. Not even the normal sprinkling of cock suckers that hang out in an empty booth because they can't afford to constantly put money in for the several hours they might be there. It seemed like everyone else had chosen the theater. I was beginning to think this was going to be a bust of a trip and I'd end up just jacking off alone. I turned into the last booth on the left and was shocked to see a tall black guy standing in there. He did have a movie playing so I guess the occupied light in the hall was just burned out. I was a little embarrassed that I walked right in on him so I left pretty quick and went to the booth directly across the hall. I hadn't even had a chance to see if he had his cock out or not as I made a quick exit to the booth across the hall.

The way they have mirrors in the corner entrance to the booths positioned, you can use them to look in the booth and across from yours and see partially into that booth. When I leaned back to get a better view of his booth he stepped back and turned to show me this huge cock he was stroking. This thing looked like it was standing about a foot straight out in front of him. I didn't stare at his cock long but I did keep glancing over and most every time he would show me his cock. The more I looked at that cock, the more I wanted it. Maybe I was looking at his cock a little more than I thought though because all too soon my dollar ran out and the movie stopped. 

Now, even though I've started sucking cock, I haven't been able to bring myself to enter an occupied booth and make the first move to initiate contact with someone else. I did contemplate doing just that though when I left my booth but chickened out at the last second and went into the booth next to his. I did however put my foot under the edge of the wall to his booth and tap my foot in a congressman type fashion. Although most guys are there for the same reasons, I'm afraid if I walk into someone's booth, I'll get that one person who'll take offense and makes a scene. That's why I prefer the anonymity of glory holes over this open booth scenario. 

I didn't have to wait very long to find out if he was interested though. Just as I was putting money in the machine he walked directly into my booth and asked in no uncertain terms if I wanted to suck some cock. I just nodded my head yes and as he started trying to pull that monster through his fly I put a few more dollars in so I wouldn't have to stop sucking him later to do it. When he got his cock out I couldn't believe how big it was up close, and it wasn't even hard anymore. I can't even say it had a big purple head or protruding veins running down the length of it. The whole thing was just very black and very big all over.

As I was looking at it he cupped the back of my head with one hand and lifted his cock up with his other hand so the head was pointing right at my face. He whispered a "go ahead and suck that black dick" as he guided it right into my waiting mouth. I worked on the tip of it for a while as I was getting used to the girth before I went down as far as I could. When I got as much cock as I could in my mouth it was amazing to see how much of it was still visible in front of me. As big around as it was it really stuffed my mouth so I wasn't able to get more than three or four inches of it down.

I started going up and down as far as I could without gagging and getting a good saliva coating on it to make it easier to take. All the while I could feel his cock getting harder and harder to the point that he didn't have to hold it up anymore. It didn't seem to get much longer, just harder and maybe a little thicker. Then he put both hands on my head and rocked back and forth giving me a good face fucking. After a couple minutes he pulled away and stroked it with big long strokes making sure it slapped on my face or on my waiting tongue. I must have looked like a starving person because one of the times he dropped it on my tongue I almost jumped forward trying to get a mouthful of that cock again. 

For the next few minutes I was doing as best as I could to give him an enjoyable blowjob but then again he pulled out and started giving it some long strokes. That's when I realized that my mouth on last few inches of his cock just wasn't giving him enough stimulation. So then I wrapped one of my hands around it right in front of my mouth like I was holding a pole so when he rocked in and out of my mouth there was an extra 4 inches of stimulation. Now that I think about it, I probably could have gotten both hands on it because there was that much left.

That must have felt a lot better for him because almost immediately he started moaning and let out an "oh yeah, suck it". He kept moaning off and on for the next minute or so and held my head tighter as he let out a deep grunt and said "Yes, swallow my cum white boy". Just then I felt my mouth start filling with his cum. He didn't cum in short quick bursts though, it seemed to ooze out for what seemed like a very long time. I don't even remember exactly how many times I swallowed, I just know that as my mouth kept filling with cum, I kept swallowing. Not that I would have done it any different but I didn't have much choice with the way he was holding my head and as long as he came. It was either swallow or let it spill out all over the front of my shirt. 

When he finally finished cumming and pulled out of my mouth he stroked it a little and started squeezing down the length of it. As I saw more cum start pushing out the end of his cock I opened my mouth and he put the head right over my outstretched tongue until the last big dollop dropped onto my tongue. Then he put the head back down on my tongue and rubbed his cum around a little before putting his cock away. 

I just sat there as he turned and walked away without acknowledging that I was even there. I put some more money in the machine because it ran out at some point that I didn't even notice. I sat there and jacked off watching a hot blond big titted bombshell sucking a huge black cock and came at the same time he blasted all over her face. 

When I finally walked out into the lobby area, the tall black guy was standing at the counter talking to the clerk that I've seen in there for years. The clerk looked over at me as I walked towards the door and got a big smile on his face as he told me to have a real nice day and to come back soon.