 I had experimented with gay sex during college but had not indulged for over 20 years. In my late 40's, trapped in a bad marriage, I began to recall my college days and began to spend a lot of time in gay chat rooms. I started hooking up with men I met at these sites. During my college days, I was usually the one who was getting fucked and it was mostly with older men. Now I was an older man and my first few hook-ups were with younger men and I was the one doing the fucking. However, more and more I was remembering my college experiences and the need to be fucked returned to me in a very strong way.

I had just turned 50 and, if I do say so, I looked a good 10 years younger. I was just under 6' tall, exercised regularly and had a good build. I travelled a lot and I would arrange for hook-ups in cities I visited on business trips. I decided to advertise for someone around my age who was looking for a tight ass to fill. 

I finally received a tempting reply from a guy named Karl. He lived in a city I was soon to visit. Karl was recently divorced and, like me, had experimented earlier in life and was interested in trying it again. He was 47, 6'-2", and African-American. We exchanged pictures, first G rated and then X-rated. I was very impressed with the size of his cock and could not wait to meet him. We agreed to meet for a drink in my hotel bar.

Finally the day arrived, I was as nervous as a high school kid going on his first date. I was the only one in the bar that evening and I saw a tall, handsome black man enter. I timidly waved at him and he walked up to my table. "Tom?" he asked. I nodded and he sat down and ordered a drink. We chatted for a while about nothing in particular as we finished our drinks. 

I smiled at him and asked, "Well, shall we?" He agreed and I led the way to my room. Once inside, we each began to undress. I could immediately see that his pictures did not lie. His cock was huge, even half-hard it was around 7" long and thick. As soon as we were naked, I fell to my knees and took a hold of it. I stroked it a few times and it grew to an impressive 9". I began to lick it. I ran my tongue all around his cock head, licking his piss slit and massaging it with my lips. Gradually I worked my mouth down his shaft until his cock hit the back of my throat. At first, I was only able to get about halfway down. Slowly I overcame my gag reflex and took his man meat deep into my throat.

I serviced him for a few minutes before he said, "Let's get in bed." I needed no further encouragement. He hugged me and held me close. I oved the feeling of our cocks pressed against each other's bodies. I ran my hands all over his body, feeling his strong muscles - like me, Karl exercised a lot. 

We lay on the bed and I began kissing and licking my way down his chest while fondling his enormous cock. Once again I took his manhood in my mouth and slurped away. I would break off every now and then because neither one of us wanted him to cum right away. While I sucked him, he played with my ass. He would finger fuck me while I sucked him and this soon made me impatient to feel his cock inside me.

I had some lube and condoms. While Karl put the condom on, I lubed up my ass. I knelt on the bed and he stood by the side of it and began to push his monster cock into me. It was tight going at first. I had prepared for this by using my wife's dildo when she was not home but it still hurt. I remembered how it hurt the first time I was fucked all those years ago and also how good it began to feel after the pain receded. I experienced those feelings all over again.

Once Karl had managed to get his whole cock inside me, he let it rest there so I could adjust. He ran his hands over my ass and back. He leaned over and kissed the back of my neck saying "your ass feels so tight. It makes my cock feel so good." The pain had begun to recede and a feeling of fullness overcame me. Karl began to slowly fuck me. I loved the feeling of his huge, hard cock deep in my ass. I started to move my ass in rhythm to his fucking. He said I was a "good little slut." He soon picked up the pace and I was in heaven feeling his balls slam against my ass. 

Karl pulled his cock out of my ass and told me to lie on my back. He spread my legs and his cock invaded my ass again. My ankles were resting on his shoulders and he savagely attacked my love hole with his massive man meat. I almost went over the top when he started to fondle my balls as he did this. He asked me "Don't you love this big, black cock fucking your man pussy?" I could only moan my concurrence. Before long, he said he was going to cum. "Where do you want it?" he demanded.

"My mouth! Cum in my mouth!" I was overcome by the absolute necessity to taste his juices. I dropped to my knees as he ripped the condom off and my mouth engulfed his cock. I fondled his balls and sucked as hard as I could. My reward soon came in the form of a torrent of hot cum squirting into my eager mouth. I lapped it all up and, after swallowing it all, I licked his cock head to make sure I didn't waste a drop.

Karl told me how good I made him feel and he told me to lie on the bed. He took my throbbing erection in his mouth and began to suck. My God, he was good at it. He fondled my balls as he sucked and licked my cock. It did not take long for me to shoot a huge load down his throat. Afterwards, we both lay on the bed holding each other close. I knew that I would service his luscious cock any time, anywhere. 

Karl chatted with me for a while and we shared a little of the whisky I had in the room. All too soon, he had to leave. We agreed that we would meet again on my next visit to his city. He told me he had a friend who might like to join us next time. "His cock is even bigger than mine," Karl informed me. I didn't have to give that invitation a second thought. I told him I would probably be returning the following month and that I could think of nothing more exciting than having a threesome with him and his friend. I will tell the story of that encounter later.