 A few months ago I decided to go to a sex shop in South Jersey that was 30 minutes from my beach house. I was driving by when I saw it and, intrigued, decided to stop and have a look around. As I looked at all of the movies and toys they had, I noticed a small corridor to the back of the shop. My curiosity killing me, I decided to walk back there, noticing a bunch of booths lined up next to each other, with a few playing naughty sounds that I guessed were porn videos that other men were watching.

I decided to go into one of the booths and watch, just to see what the store had to offer. I popped in a few quarters and saw some very hot man-on-man action, and pulled out my relatively small cock to rub it a bit.

A couple of minutes into the movie, a man walks into the vacant booth next to mine, which I notice because of a small hole on the opposite side of the booth. Having a peek, I noticed that he was black, athletic, and had rather large hands. As I peeked through at him entering a few quarters, he pulled out a MASSIVE cock that was at least twice the size of mine, and it wasn't even erect! I was in awe and stopped watching my movie, moving my head closer to the hole just to get a better view of this man jerking his HUGE black cock. I'd never seen a big black cock in person before this, and the biggest I'd ever seen on another man was 7" on my white fuck buddy at college, but that was nowhere near the size of what this guy had in his pants.

After a minute or so of him jerking, I noticed him looking down at the hole out of the corner of his eye, noticing that I was watching him. He appeared to be in his mid-to-late-30s, judging by his face, and, based on his sly smile, he seemed to be getting a kick out of a young white teenager watching him jack his cock. Shortly after noticing, he moved towards the hole and stuck his dick through it as I backed away in a bit of fear before realizing that he was asking me to suck it.

Shocked, I waited a second, thinking about what to do. I was turned on, but did I really wanna suck this stranger's big black cock? As he wiggled his massive erection at me through the hole, I gave in, opened my mouth and began to slowly suck on my first big black cock. It was hard as can be, but I went up & down, sucking it gently to get a feel for it. I could hear him audibly moan through the wall as I got my mouth on it, and used my left hand to gently play with his massive balls while stroking him with my right.

I was somewhat stunned at the situation. I'd never been to a glory hole before, nor had I even seen one before, and here I was gargling on my first big black cock which is attached to a total stranger! After a minute or so of gently sucking and stroking him, I became mentally aware of the fact that this was really happening and became very aroused. As I got into it more, I started sucking & stroking him harder, almost delirious at the fact that this was happening. My tiny dick was rock hard as I sucked him, and after I few minutes I took my mouth off his dick and began sucking on his big balls while stroking him. Oh God, his balls were as salty as can be, but I was in cocksucker heaven.

He moaned heavily through the wall, and even began talking dirty while I sucked him. "That's right, suck my huge black dick, white boy." On cue, I took my mouth off his balls and started going down hard & deep on his big black cock, deep-throating it as far as I could before gagging. After that, the video on his side had stopped, and he abruptly left his booth.

Somewhat stunned and thinking it was over, I started jacking off my own throbbing dick, clearly in ecstasy at what had just happened. I thought to myself "Did I really just suck that black man's dick through a glory hole? Oh God, what a slutty thing to do! I can't believe how big that thing was. Will I ever do anything like tha--"

Just as I thought that, I heard a knock on my booth door. Startled, I pulled up my pants quickly and answered "occupied!"

A low voice responded "I know it's occupied, but I wanna come in and deal with that white cocksucker in person!" Oh shit! It was him! Rock hard, I opened the booth, let him in and locked it up quickly. He was much taller than me, with black hair and a serious look on him. I was stunned as I sized up this man in front of me.

"I'm slightly embarrassed" I said shyly, in an honest admission that I was somewhat nervous now that he was in front of me. I mean, it's one thing to suck off a random dick through a glory hole, but to have him in front of me? That added a little bit more pressure to the situation...

He laughed loudly, quickly responding "well, you've already sucked my dick, so hell what's the worst that can happen?" I stood there frozen, in a slight daze. Did I really need to freeze considering I've already sucked this man's dick and balls? I mean, he's twice my age and standing in front of me, but they're fucking huge and black I'd never been so turned on in my life.

Sheepishly, I responded "Well, I guess it's not every day I suck a big black dick through a glory hole... I guess I just didn't expect to see you in person." My tiny erection was throbbing. "I--"

Before I could get my thought out, he pulled down his pants to reveal his fully erect cock pointing directly at me. I stared at it silently, mesmerized. That cock was fucking huge. Suddenly, he was forcing me to my knees, holding the back of my head and forcing it down on his cock, making me suck it hard and deep. I moaned as my mouth was being shoved onto his cock, with him moaning in delight. My head bobbed on his dick for around a minute until I eventually gagged after it was forced almost all the way down my throat into my mouth.

After I gagged, he withdrew his gigantic black dick from my mouth and pulled me up by my shoulders, sticking a finger in mouth. "Suck it, bitchboy." I obliged, fully lost in the moment as he rhythmically inserted his finger into my mouth for me to suck on while squeezing my ass with his other hand. "What a firm ass you have..." he said, spanking my left ass cheek while I sucked on his index finger. As I moaned in ecstasy, he pulled his finger out of my mouth and started pulling down my pants. "Let's see what you have in there."

He pulled down my pants, revealing my tiny, yet throbbing erect cock. He laughed, rubbed my nut sack with his left hand and said "I had a feeling that you were hung like a little girl. Only bitches suck dick that hard!" I blushed, letting him caress my nut sack and belittle me in the booth. He moved his right hand to my ass and squeezed my left cheek hard, making me jump. He kissed my neck, making me surrender as he moved his left hand off of my nut sack towards my other ass cheek and began squeezing them both.

I lowered my right arm towards his cock and began stroking it while he squeezed my ass. He moaned in approval. "What a good little bitch you are" he said, making me blush scarlet again. He moved his fingers towards my ass crack slowly as I stroked him and, without notice, stuck one large finger up my asshole as he began fingering me. This forced me to let out a very sudden, loud moan that anyone who's had an object inserted into their asshole knows all too well.

"Calm down, slutty boy," he said very smoothly. "You're gonna have something bigger up there real soon." He inserted another two fingers up my ass, finger-fucking me hard and quick, my moans getting louder with each new finger being inserted. His three fingers were thicker than my fuck buddy's cock, and I'd never felt so submissive in my life. I moaned senselessly, letting him know how much I was enjoying his fingers up my ass as he fingered me harder and deeper... stretching out my tight little hole.

Suddenly, he pulled his fingers out and stuck them in my mouth. "Suck them, slut" he said, squeezing my ass to further enforce his dominance over me. I obeyed, sucking on his fingers that he had just used to stretch out my ass, moaning as I tasted my own anal juices. Without warning, he pulled them out of my mouth and, using his other arm, grabbed the back of my neck, turned me around and pushed my body forward, bending my naked body over the seat in the video booth.

"Pucker that ass up, buttercup," he whispered commandingly into my ear, adding "because when I'm done, you'll have trouble sitting down for quite a long time." He spit on my asshole and rubbed around on it, making clear his intentions. I started breathing heavily, anticipating his long hard dick to be inserted into my asshole at any moment. He leaned over and, very slowly inserted his huge black cock into my little butthole, making me moan louder than ever.

He inserted more and more of his dick up my ass and made me moan louder and louder, making clear the joy I was getting from having his huge cock violate my tight white asshole. After thirty seconds of slowly inserting, he began thrusting and picking up the pace, groaning with each thrust, which was subsequently being matched by my moans, until he eventually started pounding my ass deeply at a slow tempo. I moaned louder than ever, overpowered by this man's big black cock.

"That's right, moan, bitch..." he said, picking up the pace, fucking my ass harder and faster, making me moan even louder. My little cock was on the verge of cumming, with the entire scene just overflowing into my brain. The glory hole booth... the stranger... the huge black cock in my asshole... and the now rhythmic sound of his cock pounding my ass was slowly but surely becoming all too much for me to handle, making my tiny erect dick spill cum all over the seat in the video booth, moaning in ecstasy as this built black stranger continued pumping his huge cock in my asshole.

"Typical little dick," he said, fucking me harder and deeper, his thighs smacking rhythmically against my ass while I moaned from the penetration. "Always cumming early. Oh well, here's a nice parting gift for you," he continued, fucking my ass as hard as possible while I felt a warm liquid slowly begin to stream into my asshole, with him sighing heavily, as if almost relieved while his cum filled me. He slowly removed his massive cock from my asshole, making me moan in relief as my hole finally got air.

Wow, what a fuck that was. I stayed bent over after he pulled out of me, his load pumped into my ass, unsure of what to do as he stood over me. As I tried to pull my pants up to get ready to leave, he smacked my ass, making me shout in pain as he pulled my hair. "Where do you think you're going, bitch?" he said, his huge erection pulsating against my ass.

I stumbled, unsure of what to say. "Um, I thought we were done since you came in my ass?" I quivered in fear, afraid that he wasn't done fucking me.

He laughed loudly, gave me another smack on my bare ass, forcing my head closer to his by pulling my hair even more. He whispered in my ear "my pants are still down and my cock is covered in your ass juices. Don't you think you should clean that up, pin dick?"

I rolled my eyes downward, getting a glance at the huge cock that just pounded me. It was still erect, and had the moistness of my anal juices all over it. I reluctantly return to my knees, my ass in pain from the fucking it just received, and begin licking my liquid rectal extract off of his semi-erect cock.

He moaned happily, pulling my hair as I cleaned my ass fluids off his cock, holding in my urge to gag at the taste of my own shithole. "That's right, bitch. Clean your faggot ass juices off my cock!" I sucked on his huge black dick reluctantly, slurping my juices off of him like a terribly hot soup. He laughed happily as his cock got harder, making me realize my time as his whore was far from over...

To be continued...