 I'm writing about my first time experience with another guy. Some background on my situation may be in order. I'm a currently a married straight guy. This happened about 10 years ago before I married. At that time I was actively dating women and enjoying it.

I was away on a business trip many years ago and was the only one from my office at the site. Typical for me was working during the day then back to the hotel for exercise and the pool. Then I take dinner, usually in my room, and then back at it the next day.

This night I went to the pool after work hoping to relax and work up an appetite after sitting all day. The pool was large and surprisingly empty which suited me fine. No lifeguard either so I had the place to myself. After some splashing around I got a little tired and cold. So as was my routine I found the hot tub there. It was just around the corner from the pool in a little alcove.

As I rounded the corner I was momentarily dismayed because there was a guy in there already. But, as the tub was large it wasn't going to be so bad. Once in the tub we struck up a conversation. He was a normal guy and not an irritant. Like me, he was in town for the week and just hanging out. He was fit, but not overly muscular.

We hung for a bit and he asked if I wanted to get something to eat. Having nothing else and no one else I agreed. He got up to leave and I got a surprise. As he stood up I realized he was naked all this time! The foaming water had hidden this from me. His rather large cock dangled in front of him. I just stared at it and couldn't take my eyes off it. It wasn't even semi-erect, but it was big. Usually, the etiquette in these cases is to turn away, But, I couldn't resist.

Breaking out of my trance I followed him to the showers. We were in a common area and amazingly no one else was around. The water felt good but I kept sneaking peaks at him.

It must have been obvious because he came over to me. Then he said 'Do you want to touch it?' I hesitated for a split second then reached out to grab him. It was like grabbing a cucumber but much softer. I squeezed it for a few seconds then let go. It was like I wasn't sure to do with it. Then we dried off as if nothing had happened.

But was happening was a seed planted in my head. A desire had started which would eventually and shortly be satisfied.

We left the gym and agreed to just get something to eat in the hotel restaurant. There we drank a little and had a very decent meal. At the end I asked if we were getting dessert. He said not to bother as he had something in his room.

To his place we went. As he was about to invite me in he said to me 'Just be aware before we go in that I can be very demanding'. Truthfully I wasn't sure what he meant and just followed him in. If this was a trap, I was a willing prisoner.

When we got in he turned on all the lights for some reason and the room got very bright.

He suggested I take my shoes off which I immediately did. I turned away and unlaced them and took my socks off as well. As I turned around he surprised me again. He was already completely naked! I couldn't figure how he could have done it so fast.

But there he was. And he was very good looking. Somewhat better looking and built than when I first saw him in the shower. And there was that beautiful member of his. I couldn't believe it, me a straight guy all my life, getting this excited. In retrospect it was if he was confident and knew what would happen that night. He had the script and knew I would go along with it.

He told me to strip and I did without hesitation. Then we stood face to face in his room right by the door. He was a few inches taller than me. He placed his hands on my shoulders. He didn't push or say anything but I just instinctively went to my knees.

Right there before me was his semi-hard cock. He took it in his hands and offered it to my lips. I readily took it and started sucking. The feeling was fantastic, and hard to describe. It was hard and soft at the same time. Heat emanated from it and I loved it.

I just sucked, back and forth, nothing fancy, using my hands on his hips to steady myself.

Nothing else mattered to me, just his dick. Here I was in all my shame, in this brightly lit room sucking the cock of a man I had only met hours before.

After a few minutes I could feel his member pulse. He made no sounds or moans like I usually do when coming but I could feel it building up somehow. Then he told me to keep sucking but to look him straight in the eyes. 

I kept up my pace until it started gushing. He looked at me and smiled a little at the same time. It was clear what our roles in this relation were.

The steady flow of semen was welcomed into my mouth. I never tasted it before and it is hard to describe. It was syrupy and salty at the same time. I loved it and swallowed all he had to give. I wondered if all men tasted the same.

Once his flow subsided I sat on the floor in front of him.

He went over to the couch and sat down and stretched out. Incredibly he was still hard!

He beckoned me to come over. It was clear that he wanted more.

I crawled over to get between his legs. Don't know why I didn't walk over but crawling seemed more fitting. Once there I was ready for more. This time I made an effort to take it slow, to experiment, to savor the experience more.

I started by a kiss to the wonderful head. Then I licked the shaft top to bottom. And to show it wasn't all about the main event I paid a lot of attention to licking his balls.

I used every technique ever used on me. My lips twirled around the head. I alternated my motions. First, I would take the whole thing in slowly, then on my upstroke I would pull my mouth away fast. Then I would reverse it. Take the shaft in quickly then slowly draw it out of my mouth. Lastly, I did a slow in and out movement pressing my lips tight against it. Of course, I tried to deep throat as much of it as I could.

As much as I tried I couldn't get a moan out of my new friend. If he was enjoying this, and I assume he was, he wasn't showing. But after a time he exploded again. I loved the reward and savored every drop. He had quite a load for someone who had come already.

After I swallowed it all I licked him clean and just looked at it. He told me to then take it in my mouth again and just hold it there. There I knelt with his organ in my mouth just keeping it warm like a glove. I must have sucked him for about a half hour and then held it in my mouth for another 10 minutes.

Then he announced he had to take a leak. Somewhat reluctantly I let it slip from my lips and he got up.

When he returned to the doorway he motioned for me to join him in the next room. There he lay on his bed and stretched out. He asked how I was doing and I told him 'fine'. In fact I was more than fine.

Without asking I went down on him. In this position I could do anything I wanted to try on him. And I did. This time I wanted to hear him scream and to know that I caused it.

I went to town like a pro. There I was a new-bie getting into cock sucking like my life depended on it. This was the longest session. Probably coming twice in a row even slowed him down. But to both our advantages it made this pairing longer. I was probably servicing him for an hour before he came.

This time I did hear him scream as he pumped his third load into me. It was a rewarding experience to know I caused it. I was the female but felt proud of what I did to/for him.

I left afterward to go to my room. I didn't bother to rinse my mouth and I must have smelt like come, but didn't care. In my room I didn't shower as I was so exhausted. My mouth would be sore in the morning!

When I work up there was a large come stain on the bed which was my release.

Unfortunately I looked for him the next day and he had checked out.

I never repeated the experience but was glad I did it. No one looks for this but I'm glad it happened to me.