 PRELUDE

Jeff had been asked to check on his neighbor's condo while they were on vacation without their 19-year-old son. The Clarksons were a nice couple and Jeff got along with them very well. They were concerned that Scotty would have friends over and they did not allow that when they weren't home. I didn't want to act as an ass but I had told Scotty about his parents request and that he should obey it.

To call their son Scotty pretty would be an understatement. He stood at 5'6" and weighed a trim 145 pounds. His long blonde hair covered his ears and his neck and he had lovely blue eyes. His legs were shapely like a girl's and he had an ass to beat all asses. Jeff was certain that Scotty was gay but he had never seen him with any gay men. He looked effeminate and his mannerisms were definitely feminine in nature. 

It was a rainy Saturday afternoon when Jeff checked on the condo. He didn't know if Scotty was home or not but he didn't bother to ring the doorbell or knock. He used the spare key the Clarksons had given him and entered the condo. He heard noises in the family room so he quietly moved closer. Well if there had been any doubt about Scotty being gay, that was clarified.

Jeff looked at three good looking guys having sex on the family room floor. Scotty was on his knees sucking one cock while the other cock was in his marvelous looking ass. Scotty had an erection and Jeff noted that it was average size. At first Jeff thought to yell and chase the others out but he decided to wait until they all ejaculated. For some reason he was curious to see them all cum.

The guy fucking Scotty pulled out of the shapely ass and released his load onto Scotty's back and buttocks. The ejaculation was voluminous and forceful as streams covered Scotty from the back of his neck to his ass. Jeff watched as the guy put his cock back in Scotty's ass. He wasn't that big and the cock went in easily. Then the other guy pulled out of Scotty's mouth and stroked his dick until he shot a huge load. He aimed the ejaculation toward the other guy and it landed close to Scotty's bottom with streams coating his back.

Scotty and the guy fucking him moved to the floor so that Scotty was riding the cock. The other guy then dropped to his knees and sucked on Scotty's throbbing cock. Minutes later the guy took the cock from his mouth and stroked it until Scotty came. Huge thick streams shot up in the air and landed on the blonde's smooth flawless skin. Jeff had seen enough and entered the family room. He called out.

"I don't think that you parents would approve of your behavior."

The three of them jumped up in surprise at Jeff's presence with one of them uttering, "Oh shit!"

"You two need to get dressed and get the hell out of here."

The two guys raced to put on their clothes and leave the condo. Scotty remained naked standing in the family room. Jeff at 25-years-old was an imposing sight to the others as he was 6'2" and a muscular 190 pounds. He was active in recreational sports and a regular at the condo fitness center. The other two gay men were built more like Scotty although not effeminate looking. They left quickly and Jeff addressed Scotty.

"That was not cool. You know your parent's rules."

"Too bad, I was horny and I invited some friends over. I couldn't go to their place because their parents are home."

"Well, we will keep this between us as long as it does not happen again. If it does, I will tell your folks when they come home."

"Did you like watching us?"

"What, of course not, I just arrived."

"I think not, I heard you come in and why didn't you ring or knock? Were you hoping to catch me having sex?"

"That's absurd, I did watch you because I did you all a favor by letting you get your rocks off. Put some clothes on."

"Why I like being naked and I think you like looking at me. Have you ever had a guy suck your cock?" 

"No, I have not."

"Want to? Let me see it. I bet I can make you cum."

"Stop it and get dressed."

Scotty walked close to Jeff and sank to his knees. His hands went to the belt and he unbuckled it. Then he pulled down the zipper of the fly before unbuttoning the pants. Jeff looked down at the pretty blonde and it seemed like he was watching a movie. He did nothing to stop the teen. Scotty eased the pants and then the underwear down to Jeff's knees. Jeff had his eyes closed when he felt the soft hand on his cock. The tender touches and strokes had Jeff hard in seconds.

"Don't do this, Let's stop before things get out of hand."

"I don't think that you mean that. You're already rock hard and what a beautiful big cock you have. I am going to enjoy sucking it."

Jeff's thick cock was just about 7 ½ inches long and he was proud of his manhood. The two girls he was currently dating loved his cock and they loved playing with it. Now he had his gay neighbor playing with it He emitted a big gasp when he felt the sweet mouth engulf his cock. Scotty proved to be an incredible cock sucker and if not better, he was as every bit as good as any female. Jeff could not believe how quickly he was ready to cum. He warned Scotty that he was close. Scotty removed his mouth from the throbbing dick and stroked it until Jeff fired an enormous load. Scotty held the cock pointed at his chest as semen splashed all over him.

"Oh, wow! Look at it all. That was a huge load. You were really turned on."

Scotty then took the cock back in his mouth and sucked it dry of Jeff's seed. Jeff stood in disbelief as he had probably the best blow job in his life. Instinctively his hands went to the teen's head and caressed the blonde hair. Scotty then stood up and smiled at his seduced neighbor. He whispered.

"I'm going to get cleaned up and get this semen off my body. If you would like to fuck me next, I will be in my bedroom."

Jeff was in shock as to what he allowed to happen. He was even more amazed that he had enjoyed the oral sex so much. Now he watched as Scotty walked toward the bathroom and his eyes went right to the scrumptious ass. Scotty had a nicer ass than Carol, the one he was dating who enjoyed anal sex. In fact, they were built the same as Carol was flat chested but had shapely legs and a curvy bottom. From the rear, Scotty could pass for Carol except that his ass was nicer and he was prettier than her.

At that moment, Jeff knew that he could easily fuck Scotty doggystyle. It would be like fucking Carol in the ass. He was still standing with his pants and underwear around his knees. It was decision time and he took the plunge. He removed all his clothes and when Scotty came out of the bathroom, Jeff followed him into the bedroom. Scotty wiggled his bottom seductively and he knew Jeff was hooked.

SUNDAY MORNING

Jeff woke up in his own bed on Sunday and lay on his back staring at the ceiling. He still could not believe that he let himself be seduced by his gay neighbor. The problem was that the sex was great, after a superb blow job, he fucked the pretty blonde twice. When he was fucking Scotty from behind, it was like fucking Carol in the ass. The gay teen's skin was hairless, smooth, soft and flawless. Scotty's bottom was perfect for anal sex and Jeff liked fondling the shapely cheeks.

In the Clarkson's condo, Scotty was also awake in bed. He was stroking his cock thinking about Jeff. He was thrilled that Jeff came around and they had sex together. Her knew that he was Jeff's first gay guy and he loved that. The seduction had been so easy and he was sure that they would have more sex together. As he thought about his muscular neighbor with the big dick, he stroked his cock until he ejaculated.

It was still raining on Sunday but it was a light drizzle. Jeff decided to go to the outdoor Jacuzzi by the pool. It was in a shelter with a roof and he had sat in it before when it was raining. It was actually very relaxing and he could use some relaxation at that moment. He made a pot of coffee and would take a travel thermal cup with him to the hot tub. He was about to leave when the phone rang. He hoped it was Carol. It was Scotty.

"Hi, I'm awake now. Do you want to come over for coffee?"

"No thanks, I made coffee and I'm headed to the Jacuzzi."

"It's raining."

"I know but not hard and it has a roof overhead."

"Oh, that's right. Okay see you later." 

"Bye."

Jeff left his condo and walked in the light drizzle to the pool area. It was supposed to clear up later and if it did, he would hang out by the pool. For now, he was looking forward to sitting in the hot tub. He removed the cover, set the timer and immersed his body in the warm bubbly water. He sipped his coffee and thought about Scotty again. He wondered why Scotty had friends over on Saturday, as he could have easily had sex during the week when Jeff was at work. Was it intentional? Did he want to get caught? Jeff's thoughts were interrupted when he Scotty entered the small shelter.

"Hi, I thought about what you said and decided to join you."

Scotty was wearing sweats and carrying a tote bag with a towel in it. He took off his sweats, folded them neatly and placed them on the wooden bench. Jeff could not help look at the shapely teen. Scotty was wearing a Speedo bikini swimsuit that emphasized the curvy bottom. He smiled at Jeff as he entered the hot tub.

"Oh wow, this does feel good. It's cool being in here with the rain outside."

"Scotty, what happened yesterday cannot happen again. You caught me at a weak moment and we are not having sex again."

"Well, I wouldn't call it a weak moment. You came three times, twice from fucking me." 

"Whatever but it will not happen again."

"Why not? You liked it. It will just be between us. I won't say anything to anyone."

"It just can't."

Then Scotty did an unbelievable thing. He stood up leaned over the edge of the Jacuzzi and pulled his swimsuit down below his buttocks. Jeff could not help but stare at bare gorgeous derriere. He felt his cock stir in his own swimsuit but he was not about to do anything in public or so he thought. Scotty then moved over and sat next to Jeff and slipped his hand under the water to grab Jeff's stiff cock in the swim suit.

"See what I mean, you love my ass."

"Stop it and go sit over there."

Scotty moved but continued the teasing. He floated in the water so that his buttocks were visible. It looked even more inviting when wet. Jeff was nervous with the display of flesh but at the same time, he was tempted to ram his cock into the sweet ass. When Scotty stood up with his back to his neighbor, Jeff reached for the scrumptious ass and fondled it. 

"I brought some lube it the tote bag in case you wanted to fuck me here."

"Get it!" Jeff rasped.

Scotty got out, retrieved the lube and got back in the Jacuzzi. He pushed his swimsuit to his knees and leaned over the edge facing the opening in the shelter. Jeff knew that they would be able to see any one approaching and have time to react. He and Carol had had sex in the Jacuzzi on rainy days. Jeff lowered his swimsuit freeing his erect cock as Scotty lubricated his bottom.

Jeff moved in and fed his cock to the very hot blonde. He loved the sensation of his cock entering a snug passage. Scotty cooed when the big dick filled his rectum and he stroked his own cock. Jeff held to the slim hips as he drilled the lovely bottom. They both kept watch to be sure that no one was approaching. It didn't take long for Jeff to feel his imminent release. He whispered in the blonde's ear.

"Scotty, I'm really close."

"Cum in me this time."

Jeff was happy to hear those words as he liked cumming in his lover's ass. He always came in Carol's ass. He humped his neighbor with a few more thrusts and then buried his cock in the marvelous ass. He wrapped his arms around Scotty as he fired a sizeable load into the gripping rectum. Scotty uttered his pleasure.

"Oh yeah, I feel it. I love this."

They stayed pressed together as the sphincter gripped and released the shaft several times. Jeff them ease out of the lovely bottom and sat back in the hot tub. Scotty located a strong jet that he used to douche his ass. Jeff didn't know it but Scotty had cum too from jerking off. They both pulled up their swimsuits and sat in the Jacuzzi for a few more minutes. Jeff shared his coffee with his neighbor. Scotty giggled and spoke.

"I wonder how many people have cum in here."

"I'm sure were not the first," Jeff replied knowing that he and Carol had a number of times.

"Do you want to go out for brunch, Jeff? I'll treat."

"Sure, why not? It's that type of day."

They got out of the Jacuzzi, put the cover back on, dressed and returned to their condos. They would both shower, dress and go down to the wharf for brunch. Jeff had thought about calling Carol that day but changed his mind. He knew that he would be fucking Scotty again before the day's end. After a pleasant brunch they returned to the condo.

SUNDAY AFTERNOON

The weather had cleared and they sat outside on the Clarkson's condo patio. They were having a beer and discussing their new-found relationship.

"So, did you ever think that you would fuck a gay guy?"

"No but with you it doesn't seem that way. It's like I'm fucking Carol."

"Is she into anal?"

"Big time and she has a really desirable ass. She is also flat chested which is why you remined me of her when I fuck you from behind."

"Am I as pretty as her?"

"Prettier and with a hotter looking ass."

"I'm getting turned on again."

"Well we're not doing anything on the patio."

"Agreed, let's go inside."

They took their drinks into the family room. Once Scotty finished his beer, he was on his knees freeing Jeff's cock from his pants. After sucking on Jeff's cock for several minutes Scotty announced.

"Now I would love for you to fuck me. I want to feel that marvelous cock in my ass. Let's go to my bedroom."

They went to Scotty's bedroom and stripped. Mesmerized by the incredible ass, Jeff followed Scotty's instructions and began to massage the curvy bottom. He worked Scotty's ass just as he did Carol before they butt fucked. He lovingly massaged the shapely buttocks and lubricated the anus. He put one then two fingers in the sweet ass and finger fucked it for several minutes.

"Ready, Scotty?"

"Oh yes, go slow and make this last a long time."

Staring the entire time at the beautiful curvy ass, Jeff got up on the bed and lowered his body onto the pretty blonde. Jeff held his erect cock in his hand and guided to the receptive anus. Scotty held his breath as the thick but soft mushroom head opened up his anus and stretched the sphincter. Jeff was thoughtful and gentle as he slowly penetrated the scrumptious bottom. The ass opened up and welcomed the cock into the warm snug passage. Jeff held still and let Scotty move under him. Once they were positioned, he began to fuck Scotty with long steady deliberate strokes.

The two of them moved together as if they had been long time lovers. Scotty rose up slightly on his knees while keeping his chest pressed against the mattress. This move accentuated the round shape of his shapely ass. Jeff like the feel of the curvy buttocks as he drove his cock all the way home. He discovered he liked the way Scotty felt under him. The blonde groaned repeatedly each time Jeff buried his cock in the lovely ass.

Every time Jeff drove his cock into the receptive bottom, Scotty lifted his hips to receive the cock. They fucked slowly and maintained their rhythm and Jeff wrapped his arms around the soft smooth upper body. Their bodies pressed together as they made love and Jeff felt just like he was in Carol's ass. Jeff never expected that fucking Scotty would be so enjoyable and so erotic. Jeff was so wrapped up fucking the hot curvy ass that his ejaculation snuck up on him. Jeff shot another massive load.

Scotty groaned aloud when he felt the first stream shoot into him followed by several more streams nearly as forceful. Jeff moved his hips in and out as he ejaculated until he was nearly drained. Jeff pressed his body into Scotty and remained still as the sphincter muscle gripped and released several times. 

"Keep your cock back in me until I cum."

Scotty stroked his cock as Jeff stayed in him. Jeff felt the sphincter tighten around his cock as Scotty ejaculated. Scotty's load shot out in four or five streams and landed on the bed sheets. Scotty whispered.

"I think that you like fucking me. I sure love it" 

Jeff eased his cock out of the lovely gay's ass and watched as his seed flowed out. Semen trickled down over Scotty's perineum and dribbled onto the bed sheets. Jeff decided to get towel for Scotty. He hustled to the bathroom and retrieved one of the towels. Then he returned to the bathroom and washed his cock. Scotty then cleaned up and douched his ass. They put on their underwear, got a beer and sat in the family room.

THREE TIMES A CHARM

"Jeff, have you ever touched another cock?"

"No, never and I have no interest in doing that. I'm still struggling with what we are doing."

"It doesn't seem like you're struggling. You seem to like fucking me."

"I know. That is why I am struggling. You look just like a pretty young woman when I'm fucking you from behind. I don't see your cock and your ass is fucking gorgeous."

"I would like it if you jerked me off when you fuck me."

"I don't think that I can do that."

"I like to get off too but not by masturbating all the time."

"Sorry!"

"Okay, then can I have my friends over so I can get my cock sucked and fuck some ass."

"You know your parent's rules. That's what they asked me to check on."

"But aren't you breaking the rule?"

"You got me there. Okay, here's the deal. You have your friends over during the day when I'm at work. However, this place has to remain in perfect shape. You can't have cum stains around the condo."

"I promise. We'll hang out by the pool and all the sex will be in my bedroom."

"Okay then, it's a deal. I should get going."

"No stay, I can throw in a frozen pizza."

"I'm not that hungry."

"What about cheese and crackers?"

"That sounds good." 

Scotty put out some cheese and crackers and they had another beer. Afterward before Jeff left, Scotty wanted to fucked again. Jeff reluctantly agreed but it didn't take him long to get back in the mood.

Scotty entered his room and within minutes Jeff was buried balls deep again in the sweet ass. Scotty was flattened on the bed face down as Jeff drove his impressive cock deep into the bowels of his neighbor. Jeff's powerful buttocks clenched and unclenched as he pummeled the scrumptious bottom. He kept his weight off Scotty with his arms placed on either side of the slender body. His thick cock drove into Scotty and then retreated until only the head remained in the rectum. Scotty felt the powerful shaft drive in and out of his anal passage like a piston causing Scotty to cry out.

Jeff continued to fuck the shapely firm ass driving his cock into the warm recess. They fucked for nearly 30 minutes before Jeff sensed his orgasm building in his balls. He knew that within seconds he would cum in Scotty's hot ass. Jeff felt the pressure in his scrotum just before he unleashed a torrent of semen into the marvelous ass underneath him. Jeff felt the sphincter muscle tighten around the shaft and squeeze every ounce of juice out of it. 

Scotty rolled over and stroked his cock after Jeff pulled out. Jeff dressed and left the condo leaving Scotty naked in his bed. He walked back to his condo and decided to call Carol that night. It had been a wild and crazy weekend for him and he was looking forward to speaking with her. He would ask her to dinner for Tuesday evening.

TUESDAY WITH CAROL

Carol agreed to meet Jeff at his favorite restaurant on Tuesday evening. They had a lovely dinner and then she invited him to her place. Jeff was anxious to be with a woman again so he ushered Carol into her bedroom. In the bedroom it was right down to business. They both stripped off their clothes and he walked toward her with his big hard dick. Jeff looked down at Carol and lifted her face with his hand. She smiled at him and took his thick cock in her hand and ran her tongue over the head of it. She wrapped her mouth around it and slowly moved her head up and down taking him as deep as she could without gagging herself. 
