 This is my first submission, please let me know what you think!  All comments are welcome :)

*****

Well, I was about 18 years old and fresh out of high school. Horny as hell, constantly jerking my cock at porn, thinking about girls (I was actually pretty straight at this point) and trying to fuck as many girls as possible. I had hooked up with a few guys too, but they were cross-dressing sissies so I was always the masculine top when we hooked up. Anyhow, this story is about the first time I was the submissive bottom bitch, to a hot well endowed black man...

It was a hot, hot weekend in suburban San Diego, and I could not stop jacking off. I had recently gotten really into tranny porn and could not stop looking at it! And beating off of course too...They were the epitome of beauty to me; feminine curves and face with massive cocks and balls, YUM! Anyhow, it was early on Saturday, probably around 9 am, and I woke up with a massive hard-on. I couldn't believe it, I just finished jerking it like 3 times last night to the nastiest shemale porn ever...Uggghhh!! I couldn't jerk off again I was thinking...I need to find a real tranny! I remember reading somewhere that trannies love hanging out at nude beaches, so I decided to hit up the infamous Black's Beach in La Jolla! Having just turned 18, I felt the time was ripe to hit up a nude beach anyway, and who knows, maybe I would find that tranny of my dreams...

When I got there, I couldn't be more wrong. Fat, old ugly men in their birthday suits were lined up everywhere. When they saw a young 18 yr old Latino boy, they quickly got up and stared at me like a piece of meat! It was nice at first...then got really creepy. To the point I had to yell at someone, "Can I help you with something!?" Then he cowardly ran away...I was about to leave when I looked over and saw the biggest, yummiest thing ever...a huge 6" FLACCID cock! Furthermore, it was dark chocolaty black! It made my mouth drool and my cock rock hard! I had to have it, I could not stop staring and my jaw was wide open! Before I realized it, I noticed the big flaccid cock move towards me! It was swinging like salami in a deli store! And those big black balls where bouncing up and down too like a bunch of grapes! I couldn't believe how horny I was getting...

I looked up and he was right in front of me...holy shit, not only was he hung but he was gorgeous! About 6'2", all muscle, 8-pack of abs, strong pecs and shoulders, ripped thighs and long legs. He was shaved completely bald, no facial hair (or body hair I noticed for that matter) and had a beautiful smile on his face. He couldn't be more than 35 I thought...

"Hey there." He said in his deep voice.

"I noticed you were looking at me from afar. Did you see something you like?" he asked. By this point I was turning bright red...not only did he catch me starting at his cock, but now he came over and confronted me about it...oh no I thought.

"Ha-ha!" he laughed. "Don't be ashamed. You're one lucky boy, I happen to love Latino ass!" my cock was dripping pre-cum and my cheeks were so red at this point. I had to say something though.

"We-well...why don't you lay down with m-me..."I sheepishly said.

"Very well then!" he smiled at me.

As I turned over to give him room on my blanket he saw my huge cock dripping pre-cum.

"Holy shit!" He yelled out. "For being such a sheepish young boy you got a huge cock!" I could not have been any redder...

"Th-thanks." I barely managed to say. I could not believe this, here I was, an 18 yr old chubby little Latin boy hanging out...no, getting hit on! By a ripped, dark, hung, black man in his mid-30s! What was happening to me!?

He slid his hands over my upper thighs and towards my ass...

"So what's your name?" He finally asked.

"I'm Drew, you?"

"I'm Les" he said seductively. "So how often do you come here?" He asked me.

"This is actually my first time...I just turned 18 so I've never been to a nude beach before."

His eyes lit up.

"Is that so? Have you ever been with a man before?"

"Yes, but I was the top...I've never bottomed before."

"Interesting! So you enjoy the company of another man? Very well then!"

"Ha-ha, yeah, I guess you could say that." 

"Hey, how would you like a little massage?" Les devilishly asked.

"Ummm, sure. I have some sun block oil you could use." And with that, he got completely on top of me, pressing all his weight down on my ass and began oiling my back up.

"Mmmmm, you have a wonderful back and a gorgeous ass Drew!"

"Thanks" I sheepishly said, "You give a great massage." I cooed with a huge smile on my face. It did feel really good actually, his hands were so strong, yet so delicate and nice on my back. He kept going up and down my naked back with his big strong black hands. Then, he went a little lower...

"Oooooh!" I shrieked out. 

"Are you ok?" He checked in on me.

"Yeah, I just...I've never really played around back there...I'm kind of a virgin anally..."

"Don't worry" he said, "I'll go nice and easy on you...you cute little virgin" he whispered in my ear.

My cock was getting rock hard at this point and would not stop dripping pre-cum! I was about to explode and Les could tell!

"Are you ok?" he asked again.

"Yeah, why do you ask?"

"Well, you keep on grunting and moaning, your cock is hard as a rock, and your face is bright red!"

"Ha-ha, sorry, I guess I'm just really shy...and horny."

"Do I turn you on?" He asked. "Well, that's ok, look what you did to me." And with that he lifted up a bit from my back and as I looked back, I saw the biggest, blackest cock I've ever seen in my entire life. It was at least 12 inches long, thick as a can of red bull, dark chocolate black with a huge shiny pink helmet. I could not stop looking at it; the helmet was shining with pre-cum.

"Pretty nice, huh? How would you like to come back to my place for drinks? I know you're under 21, so we can hang out in the safety of my home in Hillcrest."

"I would love that!" I blurted out like a little school girl.

"Great, here's my address and phone number. Call me when you're out front."

I quickly put my shorts, tank and sandals back on and ran to my car. It was about a 25 minute drive to his beautiful home. When I got there, I could not believe my eyes. He had 5 cars in his drive-way, all imported. BMW, Mercedez-Benz, Audi, Jaguar, even a Porsche! And his home was huge! 2 stories, Spanish style, with a giant front lawn, and a huge backyard with a pool and everything. This guy must be loaded I thought!

"Drew!" Les yelled coming out of his front door. "Glad you didn't flake on me! Lots of guys your age...you know, young guys, they can be pretty flakey, especially when they're inexperienced like you." He smiled at me.

"Awww, I wouldn't flake on you...you're way too hot!" he was wearing gym shorts with a skimpy wife beater, his muscles glistening in the sun. 

"Well why don't you come in! I made us some margaritas!" And off I went, into a strange black man's home...

"You're house is gorgeous!" I told Les. "What do you do if you don't mind me asking?"

"I'm a pimp!" He exclaimed. I turned white and he noticed... "I'm just kidding with you! You young kids believe anything now-a-days, ha-ha." He laughed. "I'm a mortgage broker, and don't believe what they tell you, the market is a killer right now. All these cars, the big house, all from real estate. It's a great business if you do it the right way. Anyway, I don't mean to bore you with work. Cheers!" he lifted his margarita glass and passed me one too. "To new friends!"

"To new friends!" I cheered him, took a big sip, and gave him a little wink trying to be flirtatious. "Ooooh! These are strong! How much tequila did you put in here?"

"Ha-ha! Not that much, you must be a light weight!"

"Well, I barely drink, so yeah, guess I kinda am!"

"Alright then, in that case, take it easy, margaritas are stronger than they appear to be."

All of a sudden I started staring at his body, his bulge, and his big strong legs again. An awkward silence hung over us.

"Hey! I just realized, I didn't even offer you a shower. You must want to take one from being out in the beach all day, right?"

I knew where he was going with this, and I wanted it so bad, but I wanted to be a flirt and play hard to get.

"I don't know Les, I mean, I don't wanna be the guy that runs up your water bill."

"Ha-ha!" he cackled. "Sweety, don't you worry about that, come on!" He took my hand and led me upstairs to his master bedroom. It was beautiful, hard wood floors, giant California King Sized bed with satin sheets, tons of pillows, huge closet with lots of nice clothes, and of course, the master bathroom. It was gorgeous. All marble floors inside, a huge Jacuzzi bath and a huge steam shower.

"Here" he said as he was turning on the steam shower. "Go ahead and take your clothes off and get in the shower. I'll get you something fresh and sexy to wear and will get you a towel. I'll join you in just a minute.

The shower felt sooo good, the steam and hot water made me so relaxed, and I was getting so horny in anticipation of being naked and alone with Les. Thinking about his cock got me hard and I started stroking. I heard the shower door open and there was Les, his cock full mast!

"Hey, hey, hey! No stroking without me!" he exclaimed, half-jokingly. "Ha-ha! You are a horny one aren't you?" I shook my head up and down.

"Mmmm-hmmm. I've been thinking about your big dick. It's well...just so big and so...so..."

"Black?" Les seductively said.

"Yes! I've never been into black men before, but you're so...sooo..."

"Different" he chuckled.

"Yes, you're kind and beautiful and your cock is so big and I think I might have a little crush on...ughh, I'm sorry! I didn't mean to act like such a..."

"Shhh" he motioned at me. "Don't worry sweety, you're acting just fine. I brought us a couple of beers. Nothing like a cold beer in a hot shower!" He tossed me a beer. By this point I was a little drunk from the margarita, but decided to grab the beer anyway.

"Cheers!" we both cracked open our beers and took big swigs. "Ahhh" Les exclaimed, "That hit the spot!" He took my beer, half drunken, and his beer and put them in little cup holders in the shower. "Let's get you nice and squeaky clean!" Les commanded me to face the opposite direction of him, he was going to get behind me and soap me up. "Nothing like a fresh, clean, young Latino boy ass! Mmmm!" he howled as he spanked me.

"Ouch!" I shrieked.

"Are you ok young'n'?" 

"Yes, just, wasn't expecting that...I kinda liked it though."

"Ha-ha! Good! Now bend over, I'm gonna get that ass of yours all clean!" He got the bar of soap and slid it in between my cheeks, getting every little crevice of my ass.

"Mmmm, hey, have you ever thought about shaving down there?" Les asked.

"Noooo, not really, I've never really shaved any part of my body...except my face I guess.

"Well let me tell you, there is nothing I like better than a clean shaved ass! And on a young Latin boy like you...mmmm, nothing like it! Would you mind if I shaved your ass?" I couldn't believe it, I felt like a girl getting her pussy shaved! But I had to admit, the thought of it was really turning me on.

"I guess that's ok...sure!"

"Alright, let me get a fresh razor! Ok now, bend over and touch your toes, I'm gonna get that ass of yours shaved smooth!" And with that, he began shaving my whole ass, he even spread my cheeks and got the area right around my hole!

"Ohhh yeah, you are looking great! Ok, all done!"

"Can I see how I look like in the mirror?"

"Sure!" Les exclaimed. He turned off the shower, got out of the shower and handed me a towel to dry myself off.

"Wow! That's my ass?!" I asked in shock. "It looks so..."

"Perfect and round? Ha-ha, yup, that's why I shaved it!" I noticed Les' cock was getting harder and my mouth was drooling now.

"Well, looks like you noticed what that does to my cock! Tell you what, finish drying up and go put on the clothes I laid out for you in my bedroom. I'll make us a couple more margaritas and will be right back up!"

"K Les, thanks for making my ass look like this!"

"Your welcome!" Les said as he was running downstairs. I finished drying off and walked into his bedroom, completely nude. I walked over to his bed and noticed he had a porno on his giant HD TV. It was a couple fucking doggy style. The guy was a big black guy with a huge cock, and the girl was a beautiful big-breasted, huge assed Latina girl. I took a closer look and she was actually a she-male with a big uncut cock! Awesome I though, tranny porn! With that I jumped on the bed, and noticed the "outfit" that Les picked out for me. Pink panties. That's it, a pair of girly pink panties, with pink little bows on the corners and a string for the back cover. They were silky smooth and for some reason, my cock was getting hard. 

"Fuck it." I said out loud, and put them on. They felt so, so good, I loved it.

"Well look at you!" Les cooed out with the margaritas in hand and a red velvet robe on. "I knew you were a panty boy when I met you! Glad you like them, they look great on you! Let's see that ass!" For some reason my inner slut came out and I put on a little show for him. I turned over on my stomach, stuck my ass up in the air and began gyrating my hips into the air.

"Come get me daddy." I motioned at Les.

"Mmmmm, you want this cock baby?" Les took off his robe and the big black monster stood proud. It looked so big now that I was in his bedroom just inches away from me.

"Yeahhhh." I said, "I wanna suck it!"

"Mmmmm, yeah, suck this cock!" He grabbed his cock with his hand and shoved it in my mouth."

"Umfff, slofff, ummm!" I was sucking cock for only my second or third time, this time as the bottom submissive bitch, and I was loving it.

"Mmmm, yeah, yeah! Suck this cock!" I was running my tongue and lips all over it, licking the whole head like it was a lollipop. His cock was so beautiful, I was looking at the porno and watching the she-male suck it too. Wow, she was a pro, I started copy-catting her, darting my tongue at the cock slit and grabbing the balls gently with my hands. Then I decided to lick the balls too.

"Ooooh, oohhhhh, yeahhhh! Yeahhh, that's right bitch, lick my balls!" Les yelled at me. "Yeah, yeah, yeah!!" I was getting soooo turned on now, I noticed Les took my cock out of my panties and began stroking it. "Mmmmm, your cock is so beautiful too Drew, but let's slow down...I'm about to cum! And I wanna save this big load for you..."

"K, good idea, I'm about to cum too! He-he."

"Hey how bout we finish that massage from earlier. Can you grab the massage oil from my little bag near the side of my bed?"

"Sure!" I said. I looked over and noticed his "little" bag. It was a huge bag filled with all kinds of lubes, dildoes, butt plugs, condoms and other sex toys.

"Can you grab the pink little butt plug too? I wanna open up that ass of yours." I grabbed the pink plug and some massage oil and handed it to Les. "I'm gonna take off your cute little panties ok Drew?"

"Sure, that's fine." I smiled at him as he slowly lowered the panties off of me. "Mmmm, that ass!" SMACK! He slapped it hard and I loved it.

"Mmmmm, daddy, can I have another?" I asked him seductively.

"Yes you can you little slut!" SMACK, SMACK, SMACK! He spanked me three hard times, once on the right cheek, once on the left, and another one on the right cheek.

"I'm gonna lube up that hole of yours ok?"

"Yes that's fine. Oooooooh, oooooh that feels so nice!"

"Mmmm, just wait till I put this plug in here. Are you ready bitch?"

"Yes daddy." And then it happened, my anal cherry was finally about to get popped. Les was smooth; he put a ton of lube on, and carefully moved the butt plug back and forth along my hole, teasing me.

"Mmmmm, ooooh, mmmm" I moaned out loud. "Daddy, please, please, just put it in!!" I was begging for it now. He had me just where he wanted me, and we both knew it.

"You want me to fuck you with this little butt plug?"

"Yes, please, please, please! I want it sooo bad!"

"Ok, here it goes!" Les was so gentle, he didn't jam it all in there, he carefully cornered the little butt plug into my hole, only half an inch deep.

"Oooooh, ooooh, Les, please, more!" I couldn't believe I was begging to get fucked!

"Ok, gonna stick it all in now you little bitch." The butt plug was only about 4 inches long and probably an inch in diameter at the widest point, but it felt like a huge cock going in there. He got the whole thing in there, then stood up on the bed and fed me his beautiful black cock. It was so tasty, I was licking and sucking the whole thing again, he was pre-cumming like crazy now and I sucked up every last drop of his pre-cum. It was so tasty, nice and salty and sweet, I loved it!

"Mmmmm, Les, you're pre-cum is sooo tasty!"

"Thank you sweety, how does that butt plug feel?"

"Oooooh, sooo good!! Can you take it out again and put it back in there?"

"You whore! You want me to fuck you with the butt plug?" I motioned back and nodded my head yes. "You got it then bitch!" He yanked it out, and then shoved it back in there, not gentle at all this time.

"Ahhhh! Oooooh, mmm, yeah!! Ooooh" I was moaning like a complete whore at this point.

"Yeahhhhh, you like that don't you bitch!?"

"Ye-uhhh-sssssss!!" 

"You ready for the real thing now?"

"Yes!! Please, I want your big black cock in my tight little boy pussy!!"

"Ha-ha! Alright! Pass me some condoms and get the ultra slippery lube out of the bag bitch!" I was beginning to love how he called me his bitch, his whore, his slut...it made me feel irresistibly naughty. It was crazy; he only had Magnum sized condoms. I grabbed three, the lube and handed them to him.

"Ok bitch, get that ass nice and lubed up for me!" He slipped on his condom while I got my hole nice and greasy with the lube. Then squeezed out some more lube and slid it all over his cock.

"Ok, get on your stomach, face the bedpost, and spread your cheeks with your hands. Stick your ass up as far in the air as you can too, ok bitch?

"Yes sir!" I said right back at him. My cheeks were spread eagle at this point and I was begging for his cock. 

"Take out your plug bitch!" I completely forgot about the plug, and yanked it out.

"Ooooh!" I shrieked.

"You better get used to pain bitch." Les said to me. "This might hurt a little at first, but it will be alllll worth it." He grinned at me. I was ready for it now, it was just up to Les to do it right. I gyrated my ass towards the air, begging for his cock to penetrate my hole. Then I felt it, his cock, it was gently running circles around my hole. Then he started to dry hump me, my hips and ass still gyrating up in the air, begging to get fucked. And then it happened, his cock was right on my hole and he slowly began pushing it in.

"Oooooooh, ooooh, mmmm, awwwww, ooooh!! Awww!! Awww, awww!! Les, yes, yes, awww!! Oooghhh, mmmmfff!!" 

"Shhhhhh." Les whispered at me. "I like my girls quiet."

"Sorry, it's just so, ughhh, oooooh, awwwwwwww!!" He began feeding more and more of his cock into my hungry hole. He probably had about a good 4-5 inches in there, and about 7 inches more to go!

"Does that feel good baby?" 

"Yes daddy, does my hole feel good?"

"Mmmmm-hmmmm, you are tight! I like it..." He began feeding more and more of his cock into my hole until it was all in there.

"You should be proud sweety." Les told me. "You have the whole thing in there! I'm not gonna take it out yet, just enjoy it ok?" I was enjoying it, and even my cock was showing how much I enjoyed it. It was rock hard and glistening with pre-cum! Les grabbed my cock, covered it in some of that extra slippery lube and began jerking it.
