 Following my first cock worshiping experience I was now aching to do it again. The small ABS with the glory holes I first frequented was nice but there were only a handful of booths and they were very small, not much room for two. So I ventured to a much larger ABS with lots of big booths but interestingly no doors on the booths and no glory holes. At first I was very apprehensive about sucking a cock and having others possibly watch but I quickly found out that it only added to the excitement. I had been going there for a short time and had found several nice cocks to worship. Although I was pretty picky about the cocks I worshiped and the men they were attached to, which lead to several trips when I left unsuccessful. That all changed that incredible Saturday morning. 

I wore just a t-shirt, shorts, no underwear, love that feeling, and my sandals. As I pulled in there were a decent number of vehicles in the lot so I was hopeful I'd find a nice cock to worship. I paid my money and headed back to the booths. I also found that with no doors on the booths it made cruising much easier. As I made my rounds looking for a nice cock I looked into one of the booths and I couldn't believe my eyes. Standing there was a good looking black man about my age a bit smaller stature, a well-built body and a gorgeous big thick black cock. He was wearing running short which he had pulled down. He was slowly stroking his incredible manhood and although it was not fully hard it was already 8" long and almost as thick as a pop can. Also his cock and balls were clean shaven, or so I thought. All I could do was stand and stare at this incredible sight. I'd seen pics on the internet but never thought I'd ever be looking at such an incredible big thick black cock in person. Finally I looked up and he nodded for me to enter. I stepped into the booth and reached my hand out to touch his cock. As I wrapped my hand around it I was surprised at how heavy it felt in my hand. I was sliding my hand along the length still starring in disbelief. I was so overcome by the site and feel of his cock I had lost track of why I was there.

I came out of my trance as I felt his hand on the top of my head pushing me down. I dropped to my knees and still couldn't believe this gorgeous big black cock was just inches from my lips. I starred at it a bit longer and then leaned in and kissed the tip, it felt incredible. He must have showered just before coming because he smelled fresh. I dropped his shorts down and had him step out of them. I didn't want anything in my way. Then I opened my mouth and slowly slid his cock in. I never felt a cock fill my mouth like this one did. I tried to get as much in as I could and wished I could shove his whole cock down my throat. I slowly sucked and stroked him for a bit then I slid my lips off and began to give him the most incredible cock worshiping experience ever. His skin was so smooth, as I reached his balls and began kissing and licking them I realized he had no hair on his legs either. I asked if he shaved those too and he said his whole body was lasered. After slowly and sensually worshiping his cock and then his nice ball sack, I then worked my tongue behind his balls as best I could. I had never rimmed anyone but I had this incredible urge to get my tongue in his hot ass. He must have realized what I wanted and he grabbed my hair and pulled my head back. At first I thought he didn't like that but then he turned around and leaned over.

He had a nice smooth butt which I ran my hands over. I spread his butt and there staring at me was his hot brown little fuck hole. I could not believe I was about to rim his hot ass but I was totally overcome by the moment. Unlike my slow sensual cock worshiping I just buried my tongue in his tight ass as far as I could. I wanted to fuck his ass with my tongue and wished my tongue was 6" longer. As I worked his hot ass with my tongue I began slowly stroking his big cock. He must have been enjoying it because I could feel his cock getting rock hard in my hand. He moaned and pushed his ass back against my tongue and leaned over further giving me better access. I continued to feverishly work his ass with my tongue until he suddenly stood up and pulled my head from his ass. He turned back around and his big beautiful black cock was dripping pre-cum. I leaned in and collected that big drop of pre-cum on my tongue. He tasted so good. I squeezed his big black cock and got another nice big drop of pre-cum. I leaned in to begin sucking him and he grabbed my hair and held my lips just an inch from his cock. I stuck my tongue out and licked his cum hole and he moaned.

Other than some moaning he'd been pretty quiet up to this point. I looked up when I realized he was not going to let me suck him to see what the problem was. I was worried he was done with me, how wrong I was. This was about to take a wild twist. No one had ever been real verbal with me before. In fact in reading stories I didn't think I would like being humiliated and made to say all those nasty things, I was wrong! He said you are a real desperate little cock sucker aren't you. I just nodded my head. He slapped my face with that big black cock which I instinctively tried to suck but he held my head in place and laughed. He then said you really want this big black cock bad don't you fagot? You are such a gay black cock whore aren't you fagot? Again I nodded my head and for some reason I was enjoying this humiliation. He again slapped my face with his big black pre-cum dripping cock and said, say it I want to hear it. 

Part of me didn't want to but I knew what I wanted and I heard myself say, yes I'm a total whore for your big black cock and begged to let me suck him again and that I'll do anything to suck his big black cock. I couldn't believe I had just said it. He laughed and said beg some more whore and louder this time. I found myself loudly begging for his big black cock and claiming I was a big black cock whore and wanted to suck his big black cock forever and would do anything my black master wanted to let me suck his big black cock until he filled my mouth with his seed. I was in shock that I had just announced that but also knew deep down that is what I wanted to be, his big black cock sucking whore. With that he shoved his big black cock back in my mouth. I was so happy and so relieved that I was going to get to keep sucking him. I now ached deep down even more to pleasure my black cock master in every he desired.

I could taste his pre-cum leaking into my mouth as I hungrily sucked his cock worried he would stop me again before I could swallow his load. Just then he pulled his cock from my mouth and held my head. He told me I'd have to strip naked to get to keep sucking his cock. He glanced to the side and so I looked over my shoulder and that is when I realized that a crowd of men were at the doorway watching us. I'm sure hoping to get their chance with his magnificent big black cock. Two of them in front had their cocks out stroking them. I wanted to protest but I found myself stripping my shorts and t-shirt off and tossing them on the bench seat in the booth. Now I was back on my knees totally naked kneeling in front of his big black cock with this crowd watching, which caused my cock to be rock hard. I leaned in and again he let me go back to sucking his big black cock and big black balls, which I did with even more intensity and desire. Then I heard him tell one of the guys to step in next to me. He told me to suck that cock and keep stroking his. I turned and in front of me was a hard cock, nothing special and I glanced up at the old guy and this certainly wouldn't be a cock I would have decided to suck before this. I didn't want to risk the chance of not getting to finish off my black master's big cock off so I leaned in and started sucking this other cock, and worse it didn't even taste good but I wanted to please my black master. It was right then I knew without a doubt I was a total cock sucking whore and I strangely loved the fact I was. 

I could tell the old guy was getting close and then my black master told me to go back to sucking his big black cock and told the old guy to finish off on my face. I was so happy to slide his big black cock back between my lips and taste his pre-cum and as I did I felt the old guy unload on the side of my face. I could feel his warm cum hit my face and drip onto my naked body, something about this humiliation excited me even more. I repeated this with two other guys, again with them depositing their loads on the side of my face and my body as I sucked on my master's big black cock. He then told two more guys to step in behind me and cum all over my back. I could feel their loads land on my neck, shoulders and back and run down my naked body. Now I wished a hundred guys could cum on me and cover me in their hot cum. My cock was rock hard and dripping pre-cum. 

My black master had totally converted me to a complete cock sucking cum whore and I was loving it. This must have really excited him too because I could tell my black master was getting close. I continued to work his rock hard cock, cupped his tight balls and fingered his ass aching to feel his load fill my mouth. To my dismay he then pulled out and made me beg for his cum, which I did loudly again and again, as he stroked that big black monster cock right in front of my face. I was practically yelling that I was a total big black cock sucking whore and desperately wanted ever drop of his cum. He told me to open my mouth and moaned loudly and then began shooting rope after rope of cum. Most landed in my mouth but some hit my face and dripped down my naked body mixing with the other cum. He shot more cum than I'd ever seen, it was incredible. I almost chocked on all the cum he shot in my mouth and even some of that ran out and down my body. His cum tasted so good I wanted to drink a gallon of it and wished I could bathe in it. What a total cum whore I had become! 

When he was done he made me lick off the last drops from his cum hole as he squeezed them out. As sore as my jaw was from being stretched so wide I still wish I could keep sucking his big black gorgeous cock forever. There I was kneeling on the floor of the ABS naked and covered in cum from multiple guys and I loved it. Then he told me to dress and to wear all that cum for the rest of the day. Still covered in cum I pulled on my t-shirt and shorts and the cum soaked through. My cock was also clearly visible protruding under my shorts and leaving another wet spot for all to see. All this was obvious to everyone as I walked out. Before this I would never had thought so but the public humiliation only made my cock harder and ache more. Fortunately when I got home I was able to sneak into the bathroom without anyone seeing me. I slipped out of my sticky clothes, slid a big butt plug in my ass, laid on the floor and stroked myself to the most intense orgasm I'd ever had. I rubbed my cum into my body and wore it with all the other cum until the next morning when I showered.