 It was the summer of 2000. I was 38 years old and I was separated from my wife and lived alone. I was looking online at some dating sites and found one that was free and was pleased to see a "men looking for men" section. I have been bisexual all my life and I was very interested in getting back together with a man for some good nasty man to man fucking and sucking. It had been a long time since I had fun with another male and I was very horny and needing some release. I created a profile and it wasn't long before I got some responses. Most were pretty lame but then I found one rather intriguing so I decided to chat with him and find out more about him. We were both the same age and described to each other what we were looking for in a sex partner and I was surprised and interested in the fact that he was black.

I had never been with a black man before. I've had black friends but never in a sexual capacity. Needless to say, I was turned on by the possibility of having my first black cock to suck and fuck. I was hard thinking about being naked with him, my pale white skin against his dark hued body. I wondered if the myth that black men were all well endowed would become a fact for me.

We decided to get together at my place. When he showed up I was very pleased with what I saw. He was 6' 3", well built and stocky...nice to say the least. We made small talk for a while then the sexual tension got to be too much for both of us we got undressed and started to explore each other. 

I felt myself drawn to him...but in a submissive way. I wanted to please him any way he wanted. I wanted him to dominate me, to make me do what ever he wished. We kissed and I felt so drawn to him. I moaned and melted into his strong arms. With that kiss, I was branded and I became his property from that moment on.

I felt his hardness through his underwear and it felt big...very big! I was so excited to have my first big black cock! I pulled his underwear down and he stepped back and I gazed at a beautiful sight. It was large...nine inches I found out later. It was thick and curved to the right...and best of all, it was uncut! I have not been with many uncircumcised men and this was a great discovery. I too am uncut and I have always been looking for uncut men to play with. His cock turned out to be the object of my most strongest desires. I was his slave and I needed to please him.

I got down on my knees and proceeded to worship at the altar of my new found desire...a big, thick, uncircumcised black cock which was inches from my open mouth. I wrapped my lips around the large shiny head and tasted the precum oozing from the pee hole. It was salty and sticky. I lapped it up greedily. I worked my tongue under the foreskin and chewed lightly on it. I slowly tried to take that beautiful cock down my throat. I pride myself on my ability to deep throat a cock but his was proving to be a challenge...one that I hoped I could perform. I wanted to please my master and have him reward me with a load of delicious cum from his large balls. I managed to get just about all of that fat cock down my throat. My eyes were tearing as I held him deep in my throat. As I eased him back out his thick dick was covered with spit and mucus from my mouth. I wrapped my fist around his hard weapon and stroked it as I sucked on the head, the foreskin rolling back and forth. I could feel it getting harder and twitching in my mouth and I knew it wouldn't be long till I received my prize. 

I worked his cum cannon with mouth, throat and fist...a large piston going in and out of my well lubed mouth, his breathing was quick as he held on to my head and fucked my throat, his full balls slapping against my chin. I felt an overwhelming need to have him shoot his seed all over my face. For most guys in my past, I generally swallowed or stroked it till it exploded over my hand and body. For him, my master and object of devotion, I needed to be baptized with his very essence. I begged him to please shoot his hot cum all over my face. No sooner had the words come from my mouth, than he pulled that huge black cock, slick with my saliva, from my mouth and shot what had to have been the biggest load of cum I had ever been witness to. It went everywhere...my face and hair, my open mouth, down my chin to my chest. It seemed as though he could have filled a glass with all that sweet cum. He tasted so yummy. I cleaned his still rock hard cock with my tongue, licking up all the cum I could. I scooped up all that was on my face and neck and fed it to myself. What a mess I was! He bent over to give me a kiss and we made out with his cum still on my tongue. 

He needed to get back to work so we made tentative plans to get together again soon. Over the next ten years we got together many times. 

We were in a MMM threeway, a MFM three way with my girlfriend. I'll never forget her and I sucking on that gorgeous cock together! Most times I was selfish and wanted him all to myself. Sometimes I would squirt my cum all over his cock and eat it all off, making him cum in the process. I lived to feed on his hot salty cum...and there was always so much of it. I begged him often to fuck me with that thick tool of his. He never lasted long when he was in my ass! I loved feeling his hot cum fill my ass. Afterwards I would eat the remaining cum from his cock and clean it with my lips and tongue.

To this day I am always looking for a BBC to worship and show it the respect and attention that it deserves. I am truly a whore for a big beautiful black cock!