 So to set the scene, my friend and I had known each other since secondary school. He had come out as gay and was a bit of a geek and I was on the rugby team, straight but had become very curious. We rarely spoke in school but spent most evenings chatting on the Internet. 

After a few weeks of this our conversations turned to sex and then penis size. I learnt that he had a big thick cock which made me even more curious. I told him about my 8 inch cock and we shared some pictures. When I first saw it my stomach churned with excitement - it was like a porn cock, 9 inches long and wrist thick, I had to try it I wanted to do things which I had never done with anyone else. 

We agreed that we should meet at the weekend, I would drive to him and we would go somewhere private. The weekend came around and I went to collect him, he was 6 foot tall and quite skinny but he was wearing really tight shorts which made his cock look huge. I couldn't wait to see it. 

We drove to some nearby woods and parked the car in a covered location, we nervously spoke for a few minutes and then agreed to get in the back of car. As soon as we did he leaned in for a kiss and placed his hand on my crotch. I started to kiss back, it was a strange thought to be kissing a guy but it felt right, I then moved my hand to his shorts and I started to feel the outline of his cock, the damn thing was huge, I was so turned on at this point. He asked me what I wanted to do at which point I said everything, i was so turned on I'd let him do whatever he wanted. 

At this point he grabbed the back of my head and pushed it down to his crotch, I started to gently bite the outline of his cock, I could feel it pulsing beneath my lips and I had to see it. I started to undo the buttons on his shorts, as I undid them I could see that he wasn't wearing any underwear, I started to kiss his legs either side of his monster and slowly pulled his shorts down to allow his cock to spring up and thud on his stomach. The thing was huge, it reached up past his belly button and was as thick as my wrist, I took it in a hand and couldn't believe how heavy it was. I was so turned on I wanted to do so much with this huge cock. 

He could tell that I was all his and he pushed my head down so I was an inch away from the tip, I couldn't hold back anymore, I opened mouth wide and took in the huge head, he gasped as I did and started to move his hips towards me pushing his cock down my throat. This was the first time I had ever done this, the feeling was incredible, my mouth was bulging full of his cock. I started the lick his head and bob up and down on it, I massaged his big balls and the bit in between his ass and balls, all I could think was how much I loved this huge cock. He kept pushing my head down, I'd probably taken 4 or 5 inches of his monster so I grabbed the bottom with my hand and started to rub. 

After a few minutes he started to cum, I was taken aback as my mouth filled up with his warm seed, pulse after pulse of thick cum. There was so much it ran down the side of his cock but I soon swallowed what I had and cleaned up the rest. By this point my cock was harder than it has ever been. He forcefully pushed me off him and set my cock free. 

This wasn't the first time he'd given head and the feeling was immense. It was better than any girl I've had. He knew what felt good and managed to deep throat all 8 inches, the sight and noise of my cock being stuffed down his throat sent me over the edge, as I started to cum he took his fingers and started to rub my ass, he plunged two fingers in me which made me cum harder, he was working my ass making me ready, he wanted to fuck me with his huge cock. 

I was a bit scared the only thing I'd had up there before was the thick end of a snooker cue when I'd been masturbating and experimenting and his cock was longer and thicker than that. He pushed his fingers deeper And positioned himself in between my legs his cock was hard again and the sight of it swinging between his legs made me the horniest I have ever been. He took out his fingers and put on a condom and made the tip of his cock wet, he positioned it at the entrance to my ass and told me to relax, he placed the thick tip and started to rub it, all of sudden he pushed, in it went, he managed to get the head in and then started to slowly push deeper, after about a minute I had nearly taken his 9 inches, in and out he went until I felt him tighten up and he began to cum, the feeling of his thick cock in my ass getting bigger was too much and I started to cum too.