 My story is based on actual events. I'm a male senior citizen living in the old south of the USA. For years I have wanted my wife to suck my cock, but she has refused me every time I brought the subject up. She just won't do it. In recent years she has even lost her desire for sex while I have lost none of my libido. In my frustration I have turned to watching porn on the internet and jacking off. At first, I mostly watched videos of women sucking off men, but slowly I realized how excited I was getting by the gorgeous cocks in the videos. So I slowly started migrating to gay videos of men sucking off men. 

I also started reading Gay Stories on Literotica.com . After reading a particularly good story and having a great orgasm, I sent a message to the author expressing how much I enjoyed his story. And much to my surprise he responded thanking me for my comments. This started an exchange of e-mails that resulted in phone calls and much deeper discussion of my frustration of never being able to get my wife to suck me off. I even mentioned that I have had thoughts of sucking cock. If only I could find some one to suck my cock, it seems only fair that I return the favor. Keeping in mind that all my life I have been straight.

My new friend told me of how much he liked to suck cock and that he would be happy to suck mine. It turned out that he lived in the next state about 180miles from me. We shared many hot phone conversations discussing him sucking my cock and me jacking off as he described in detail how he would do the deed. His descriptions thrilled me to no end. I so wanted him to suck my cock. But how to arrange a meet was a problem that I did not have a solution. My wife presented an obstacle that I just didn't know how to overcome.

Then one day my wife told me she needed to make a trip out of state to visit a sick relative. I had the solution to my problem. I was so excited and made plans to meet my friend, but my wife postponed her trip for several days due to bad weather up north. I agonized as she delayed her departure. I was so worried that she might change her mind and not go. But she finally left and I waited for her to call to say she had arrived safely. After I got her call, I immediately called and made a motel reservation near my friend.

The next day I made the 180 mile drive to the next state and checked into the motel. On the way I had called my friend to let him know I was on my way. Upon arrival, I called again to let him know I had arrived. He said it would take him about an hour to get ready and drive to my motel. I waited with nervous anticipation. I took a hot shower cleaning myself thoroughly for my first male sexual encounter.

With the knock on the door I sprang off the bed and met my friend face to face for the first time. He came in and we shook hands and he said he wanted to get right to sucking my cock. I was wearing Levi jeans shorts and started removing them. I felt him touch my cock and I looked up as he sank to his knees. He took hold of my cock and fed it into his mouth. I felt the heat of his mouth and the wetness. He started bobbing up and down as he sucked my cock and I started quivering all over. I asked if we could get on the bed. I then moved up on the bed as he crawled between my legs and took hold of my cock again. Once again I felt the heat and wetness of his mouth on my cock. I never had this feeling before. I was so excited that I started bucking, thereby, forcing my cock in and out of his mouth. I was fucking his mouth as he sucked me.

The utter pleasure was awesome. I loved it. I had my oldest sexual desire being fulfilled and it was with another man. Something I had never dreamed of until now. As I continued fucking his mouth I felt my release getting closer. I moaned out loud "I'm cumming, I'm cumming" as I blew my load in his mouth.

As I came down from the awesome orgasm, my friend pulled his mouth from my cock and said look at me. I opened my eyes and looked down and saw his open mouth full of my cum. He then closed his mouth and swallowed my entire load.

We relaxed for a while before getting up and talking about what had just happened. He asked if I wanted him to come back in the morning and suck me again. I instantly said yes. I offered to return the favor and suck his cock, but he said he only wanted to suck me and asked nothing in return.

He did return early the next morning and sucked me off again. It was awesome but did not compare to my first blowjob. 

After this experience, I have come to the realization, that I'm probably bisexual and want to someday experience sucking a cock. If it ever happens, I will write another story. In the meantime, my friend and I continue to communicate via e-mail, hoping for the opportunity for a repeat of our first meeting.