 When I wrote my first story, I told of how I had always wanted my cock sucked, but my wife had always refused me. This lead to my encounter with an author from Literotica.com and having him sucking me off. A mind blowing experience that I wanted to repeat.

But the problem of logistics remained with him being in the next state 180 miles from me. My wife was always around and her keeping tabs on me made it virtually impossible to make another trip.

Then one day, in an e-mail, I suggested that perhaps he could travel to my town and get a motel, which I offered to pay for. He responded that it was possible. I gave him details on a local motel that was nice and clean and out of the way.

For a couple of weeks I waited to hear when, and if, he could come. I was beginning to think it would not happen. Then bingo an e-mail arrived saying he could come the next week, if that worked for me.

I quickly replied, I would make it work and that I played golf with my seniors group on Tuesdays and Thursdays mornings and it would make perfect cover.

I waited with nervous anticipation to hear that he had arrived. Then Monday evening an e-mail came in saying, I'm here!!! I responded saying I would be there by 7:30 AM, and he replied I want your cock in my mouth at 7:35 AM!

I was up at 5:00 AM showering and shaving making myself as clean as possible. I had not had sex since our first encounter except for masturbating while reliving our first time. 

At 7:00 Am I left for the motel. It took me 10 minutes and I waited in the parking lot for the next 20 minutes. It was the longest 20 minutes of my life.

I softly knock on his room door. The door opened, and without a word, he took my hand and pulled me in and closed the door. He sank to his knees and worked my zipper down reaching inside taking hold of my cock. The touch of his hand on my cock made me involuntarily jerk. Like Yogi Berra once said, its deja vu all over again. I was going to get my cock sucked again.

His warm wet mouth was instantly on my cock causing me to quiver all over. I said, "let get get on the bed." He got up and started undressing me. After removing all my clothes, I stood totally naked and quivering.

As I got onto the bed on my back, he took hold of my ankles and lifted my legs into the air. He leaned over and started licking the inside of my left thigh working his tongue and lips toward my cock. He then switched to my right thigh and continued to work his magic.

He then went down, but instead of taking my cock in his mouth he sucked my balls into his mouth and causing me to moan. His ministrations was driving me to levels of lust I had never achieved before. I was in a state of bliss.

He then lifted my legs higher exposing my puckered asshole. His tongue snaked out and started rimming my tight asshole, something I had only heard of but never experienced.

I moaned and said, "oh, oh what are you doing to me?"

He replied, "everything thing I wanted to do the first time."

Then he dropped my ass down on the bed and took my cock in his hot wet mouth. It was an awesome feeling that caused me to to arch my back and start bucking forcing my cock in and out of his mouth. Like the first time, I was fucking his mouth like a cunt as I felt my cock hit the back of his throat.

He continued sucking applying more pressure as he sucked. My pleasure was immense as I continued to fuck his face l. The pleasure only increased as my pending orgasm started to build and build and build till a shuddering orgasm shook my whole body and my body began to spasm. I had just blown my snow in his mouth for the first time in eight months. As I began to come down, like the first time, I heard him say, "look at me." 

As I looked at him, he opened his mouth and I could see my load residing there and then he swallowed. He let me see it was all gone. He had drunk the whole load in one swallow.

I was still quivering and coming down when I begin to think that was so fantastic, I need to do something for him. 

When previously I had mentioned that I would reciprocate and suck him off, he had declined saying that he only wanted to suck me off and wanted nothing in return. 

Then I heard myself saying, "can I kiss you," and not waiting for an answer I reached and pulled his head toward me. Our lips met and opened and I plunged my tongue in his mouth. I could taste the pungent, but yet somewhat sweet taste of cum reside in his mouth as we savored each others tongues for the first time. As our tongues continued to fence, I reached down and began massaging his cock through his pants. His cock was hard as a rock and as I continued to play with it I could hear a faint moaning.

I pulled my tongue out of his mouth and said, "I want to suck you off."

He said, "that is not necessary." 

I replied, "I know but I want to so bad."

And he moaned, "yes please suck my cock."

I started removing his pants, and in my excitement, I was having difficulty. He pushed me away and removed his pants and shorts. For the first time I saw his cock, and like me, he was circumcised, but his cock had a more pronounced upward curve to it and was longer than mine. I was getting very nervous at the idea of sucking a cock, but yet I was mesmerized by the sight of his hard cock.

He very gently took my head in his hands and moved my head down toward his cock. He stopped with my lips only millimeters from the tip and said, "are you sure you want to do this?"

I responded and said, "oh yes I do!"

He then pressed my head down and the head of his cock slipped through my lips. I closed my mouth over the head of his cock, and for the first time in my life, at age 69 I had a cock in my mouth. I slowly started sucking on the head as I started to bob my head up and down taking more into my mouth with each bob.

He moaned and said, "feels so good, so good." I was now sucking a cock for the first time and I was surprised how good it felt with a hard cock in my mouth. I started quivering again as I felt it begin to throb.

Then his cock reached the back of my throat and I started to gag. I have a terrible gag reflex and the thought hit me I was going to be a failure as a cocksucker. But my friend and now lover said, "relax and take it slow remember it is your first time."

I slowed down my bobbing, but increased my sucking pressure, which I knew he would like. Then he started slowly fucking my face negating my need to bob my head. The taste of his cock was not at all bad and I was really starting to enjoy what I was doing.

He took care not to force his cock into my throat, thereby, not causing me to gag. I continued to suck his cock as he fucked my face and his throbbing cock grew in size and heat. He said, "I'm so close, do u want me to pull out before I cum?"

I responded by sucking harder and harder. He got the message and let loose his cum in my mouth. Several larges blasts followed by several smaller ones filling my mouth and it began leaking out both sides of my mouth running down toward my chin. 

The taste was somewhat bitter but not as bad as I had feared. I started to swallow and got most of it down with a minimum of gagging. And then he kissed me plunging his tongue into my mouth as we shared the remains of his sperm.

As we broke off the kiss I said, "I guess I'm officially a cocksucker."

He replied, "yes you are my cocksucker." I had sucked my first cock and instinctively I knew it would not be the last cock I would suck. Nor did I want it to be.

Over the next two days we repeated our love making as we sucked each other off many times. I was getting better at the art of sucking cock and was enjoying it so much as I found the taste of cum was addictive. And, I of course, loved it when he would suck me off. Getting your cock sucked was also addictive. I had experienced more in the last two days that I had in a lifetime. Before he left, we agreed this would not be our last encounter. 

I wonder if there are more cocks for me to suck in my future. Only time will tell. After all, I am a cocksucker!