 This is a story about my first time having sex with a black guy.

I had a few experiences before this, so I was pretty good at sucking cock by this time.

It all started when I went to an adult bookstore. While I was there, I went into a booth to view a movie. The booths had holes cut out in the walls, which I later found out they are called "glory holes." I had been there before and had guys stick their fingers through the holes from a booth next to mine. I took this as..."put my cock through it." I was afraid to do this. I couldn't tell who was on the other side. I usually ignored it. Then, one night, I was pretty buzzed and went there thinking, "tonight, I just might put it through the hole!" 

Lo and behold, after I sat in a booth for a bit, here came someone, and they got in the booth beside me. In a minute or so, I saw a finger come through the hole and rub the rim of the hole. My heart kind of started to race a little. For some reason the thought got me hard as a rock! So, I thought," what the fuck?" I got completely naked, for some reason. Then I got up against the wall and put my rock hard cock through it! Wow! The next thing I knew, my cock felt a wet, warm mouth around it! This guy started sucking me so hard, I was pressed against the wall most of the time! This only lasted a couple minutes before I was ready to blast a load of cum in his mouth! I pulled my cock back before I came. Now, I was thinking, why not reciprocate?

So, I stuck my finger through the hole. In a few seconds I saw this BIG, black cock staring me in the face! I couldn't tell from his fingers that he was black when he put them through the hole. But when I saw his cock, I was sure surprised! I just knelt there for a minute, and started stroking it. I had always wondered about being with a black guy. Here was my chance! He had to be at least 8-9" long! My cock is about 6.5" long, and I know his was at least 1.5" or 2" longer! I don't know why, but I smelled it real quick! I didn't want to suck him if he wasn't clean. It smelled great! 

So... I slowly took the head and licked it until it was wet, then went up and down his shaft with my tongue until it was very wet. Then I started sucking him. As I sucked on him, I tried to take more, and more of him in my mouth. He was probably 5.5" or 6" thick. He wasn't quite as thick as I (6.5"), but he was close. I couldn't believe how turned on I was getting sucking on him. I didn't get this turned on sucking a guy before! After a minute or so, I stopped and asked him to meet me outside the booth. When I got all my clothes on, I stepped out of the booth and found him standing outside his booth already. I asked him if he had somewhere to go and we could get more relaxed. He said we could go to his place. So we went. As I followed him, I had a raging hard-on the whole way! I was eagerly anticipating getting to his place! After we got inside, I told him I had some limits that I would like on our sex session. I told him I wasn't into kissing, cuddling, or penetrating of my ass. 

He said he had no problem with this. I was relieved! He said he would be right back. He went into a room in the back of his apartment. All I was thinking was," when am I going to get to suck that beautiful cock?" After a couple minutes, I heard him call me into the back room. I jumped up and went right to him! When I went into the room I discovered him standing next to his bed TOTALLY naked! He had double mirrored closet doors next to his bed. 

That gave me some ideas! He told me to come over to him. I stopped in front of him and he reached out and pulled my shirt over my head and off. I took my shoes and socks off. He started to take my pants off and he told me that I had a VERY nice cock and he couldn't wait to taste it in his mouth again! He then got on his knees next to the bed in front of me and slowly slid my underwear off. He had a little lotion handy, the kind that has a flavor, and started applying it to my cock. As he stroked it, I looked in the mirror next to us and watched him. Then, all at once, he took me ALL the way in his mouth! He came off my cock and said that he wanted to take all of me at the bookstore, but that was impossible with the wall in the way.

Man, I was getting the blowjob of my life! After I watched him suck me in the mirror for about 2 minutes, I was ready to blow my load! I told him I was ready to cum, and he just said "go ahead!" I couldn't say no to that! As I came, he swallowed every drop! He told me to lay back and relax for a few minutes. I heard him running the shower. As I laid there, I was a little apprehensive about sticking around, as sometimes I would feel guilty right after I came with a guy. I knew that I would have to stick around and do him also. After a few minutes, I heard him get out of the shower, and soon he came into the bedroom I was in. All I knew was, he had a big cock soft also. The apprehensive feelings left as soon as I saw him naked in front of me again. I told him to come over to the bed by me. I got up and turned to face him. I had him put one foot on the bed, and bend his other knee on top of the bed. I got down on my knees in front of him. I softly took his cock in my hands and started stroking it. 

As I did, I looked in the mirror and was very turned on by the contrast of our bodies. I chose not to put lotion on him as I wanted to get him wet with just my mouth. After my tongue got his cock all wet, I put his long cock in my mouth. With every time I went down on him, I went deeper, and deeper down on him. As I sucked him, I looked over at us in the mirror once in a while. The whole time I was sucking his cock, mine was hard too. The skin on his cock was looser than mine, and moved up and down some with my mouth. I pulled him out of my mouth, and took his big balls in my mouth. He had a nice set of balls! I sucked one, then both of them in my mouth, as I stroked his long rod. After his balls were good and saturated with the wetness of my mouth, I started back sucking his cock. He told me he was getting close to cumming. 

I told him to move over closer to the mirror with me. I told him I wanted to see his cum shoot in my mouth as I looked in the mirror. In a few seconds he said, "I'm going to cum!" I looked in the mirror and saw him shoot a HUGE load in my mouth! I swallowed every drop of him also! It didn't taste too bad. After that, We both fell back on the bed and let out a big sigh. I told him I would like to come back sometime. He said as long as he is alone and awake, I was MORE than welcome to return! 

We had a few other experiences that even topped this one! More about them later...