 This is a true story of my first visit to an adult book stores movie theater and of my first blow job. I have been in adult book stores many times before, but never ventured behind the curtains. Up to this point I never had a reason or desire to go behind the curtain. That all changed after moving to North Carolina. 

My girlfriend at the time was a real firecracker in bed. She was really kinky and bi sexual to boot. We would always talk about our past sexual experiences. Hers up to that point were a bit more wild then mine. All this talk always came to what we liked and would like to do. The recurring theme that always came up from her was that she would love to see or hear about a guy sucking off another guy. 

With the idea of making her horny and happy I started pondering the idea of actually finding a way to make her fantasy a reality. I discovered a xxx bookstore in our town and went in one day on a scouting mission. I found out to my delight that they indeed did have a video booth area. With my new discovery I went back and told Liz. To say that it got her excited that I actually was thinking about doing it for her, would be an understatement. That night we had some really hot sex, with her asking me, about every 5 minutes if I would really do that for her. My response was to intensify my thrust into her. 

She had to work the overnight shift a few days later, so I thought it would be good to get out of the house the next day and just let her sleep. This was to be the day that I got up enough nerve to go and fulfill her fantasy. I didn't tell her anything about it, just went in gave her a kiss and told her I would be back in a bit. 

It was close to noon when I came up on the book store. I was very nervous and actually circled the block a few times, trying to build up my courage. Finally on the 3rd or 4th time by, I forced myself to pull into the parking lot. After parking, I got right out of my truck and went straight in, before my adrenaline quit and I chickened out. Walking in, I started browsing the magazines and dvd's, checking out who was in the store, and what they were doing. It felt like everyone in the place was looking at me, knowing what I was going to do. After about half an hour, and after a few of the customers left, I got up the fortitude and went to the counter and asked for five dollars in tokens. 

I took the tokens and proceeded through the swinging door. My first thought was...wow it is dark in here. I stopped right inside the door and looked at the video menu hanging on the wall, at the same time letting my eyes adjust to the new lighting conditions. I didn't know it at the time, but the squeaking of the door was a signal for all the others in the back that there was a new cock walking in. 

The video area was like a maze. You had to turn either right or left then go back up again. I notice at every corner there were doors that went into little rooms, or booths. some were side by side, others in the corners. I would learn later the corner booths were a bit bigger and had more seating in them. 

Being new and really nervous I just proceeded to give myself the unguided tour around the enclosed room of booths. When I got to the back, there were 3 or 4 guys leaning against the walls outside two different booths, smoking cigarettes, but not talking to each other. I had no idea what to expect, but when I seen these other men just standing around like vulchers circling their dinner, it made me a bit more apprehensive. 

I found a booth that I thought would be OK, and went in to see if this booth had a glory hole. To my disappointment there was no glory hole. Although there was a large mirror in there. I had no idea what it was about, or what it was. Not giving it much thought, I locked the door behind me and started feeding the machine the tokens. I found a movie I wanted to watch and started to pull down my pants and stroke my cock. 

Shortly after I put my tokens into the machine, I heard a door open and close. It was my neighbor, the booth that I shared a mirror with. I was getting into my stroking and watching some guy sucking off a good looking TV when I seen movement next to me. I looked over and seen a shadow there. I looked at the mirror a bit more closely, and discovered a button. It said something about pushing it to see your neighbor next door. I was curious but a bit self conscious as to what I might see, or who I might see. Throwing caution to the wind I sat down, pulled my pants down farther and starting stroking my cock with one hand, while reaching over to the wall and pushing my "buddy button" with the other hand. 

When I looked over there this time, the mirror was clear, like a window. There was a young man over there probably in his late 20's stroking his cock, and looking over at me, staring at my cock. He got off his seat and moved closer so he could get a better look at it through the window. He started to lick his lips seductively. I in turn looked at his cock, it wasn't quite as big as mine, probably about six inches if I had to guess and not really thick, but not skinny either, just right for the size of his dick. 

Not knowing what the protocol was I just kept looking at him stroke his cock while I did the same to mine. When I looked up I could see there was lust in his eyes. He caught me looking at him, and he motioned if he could come over. I don't know what came over me, but I just shook my head yes. It wasn't two seconds later his window got dark and I heard his door open, and shortly after there was a slight tapping on my door. Closing my window, and with my pants down I just turned around and unlocked the door. 

I was excited about what was to cum, so to speak, but at the same time really nervous. I had never done this before, I wasn't sure as to what to expect. Was I suppose to make the first move and start playing with him. Was I suppose to feed tokens into the video machine since he came to my booth. What if he tried to fuck my ass, or worse beat the shit out of me for being a fag. I wasn't gay, but he didn't know that, he could easily do what he wanted to me since I was in the back of the small booth and he was in front of the door blocking the way out. 

All my worries were for not. As soon as he was in the room, and locked the door behind him, he had me sit on the padded bench. When I was facing the screen watching my T.V. scene unfold my new "friend" dropped to his knees and proceeded to start sucking my dick. I have had my cock sucked by quite a few women in my past, and for that reason I have a hard time cumming from just a blow job, but get a blow job from a guy, well I don't know what the difference was, but I was approaching an orgasm really fast. As good as it felt, that is not what I came in here for, I came here to be the giver of a blow job. 

The good thing about him taking the lead, was I knew what he expected. It made it a little easier for me to get in the mood and build up the courage to go through with it. So with a do or die attitude I picked him up from the floor and sat him down. I got on my knees and started to unbutton his jeans. Was I a bit nervous? YES, but I didn't let that slow me down, as I was now more horny and hungry to taste my first cock and hopefully my first load of cum. 

Looking up at him, I pulled his pants down to his ankles. Instantly I got a huge smile on my face as I seen that nice cock standing up right in front of my face. Without delay I got down to work. I started by gently licking up and down the underside of his dick, occasionally licking one ball or the other on my down stroke. I was savoring my first taste of a strangers cock, and it was really good. With every lick, every nibble I began to love the taste, it was just so enticing. Sucking his cock was not just bringing him pleasure but it was getting me hotter and hotter. 

He was moaning softly while reaching down and running his hands through my hair. I looked up into my "friends" eyes and took his soft mushroom head into my mouth. The pre cum was kind of sweet, with just a bit of tanginess to it. I took my tongue and swirled it around the head, licking up his flavored juice. His eyes were closed as he enjoyed the ministrations I was performing on him. I was getting into now myself, humming while I started to suck his cock farther into my mouth. 

The more I sucked him the more I was getting into it, the more i was becoming addicted to sucking a cock. I now knew why women enjoyed sucking cock so much. As I was working his hard cock up and down in my mouth, I started pumping it a bit with my hand, caressing his balls with my other hand. Working up and down faster and faster I was getting it deeper and deeper in my mouth. I was starting to slobber over it, getting it wetter and wetter. I was really starting to love sucking my "friends" cock. 

I was getting a bit tired from going up and down, so I took my mouth away from his dick and started licking up and down his tasty shaft. Taking my tongue I started to run it around the underside of his helmet, over and over again. He started moaning a bit more loudly now. Knowing what I like, I began using my tongue again, this time licking the little slit on his head. Up and down, in and out of that little slit collecting more and more of the pre cum leaking out. 

Leaving his head for just a bit, I trailed my tongue down his hard cock to his balls. I started out by licking his balls in a figure eight pattern, making sure I gave equal attention to both the right and left nut. After getting them all nice and wet, I took a chance and placed one of his balls into my mouth, gently caressing it with my mouth, using my tongue to roll it around my mouth. Switching to the other nut, I ran my tongue around it, while looking up into his eyes. My "friend" had his eyes closed and his head tilted back. I took this new nut into my mouth, rolling it gingerly around in my mouth, flicking his nut back and forth with my tongue, savoring the taste and smell of being so close to his lively hood. 

Having kept my eyes on his, I could tell he was getting close. His legs were starting to get a little rigid, his balls were starting to move up in his sac. I hurriedly moved up and took his throbbing manhood into my mouth. Nothing subtle here, I knew he was close and wanted to get him off. I started to bob up and down, faster and faster. Surprising myself with how far I was taking him now. Tickling his balls with one hand, and taking a finger and rubbing the male G-Spot between his sac and his anus. 

He started to tense, and I could tell he was about to blow. I was preparing to take my first load, to taste some other mans cum. My "friend" tapped me on the head warning me he was just about to blow. I kept going pumping his cock while bobbing up and down on it. Again he tapped me on the head, but this time to my dismay he pulled me off his cock, turned toward the corner of the booth and shot all that glorious cum onto the wall and floor. To say I was disappointed was and understatement, I had had so much fun working to my reward then he pulls it out and denies me of my just reward. 

He looked at me, and my new "friend" said, " dam, that was one great blow job, I haven't had a bj that good in a long time." 

I just looked up at him and smiled, my dick still sticking out, pants around my ankles. I stand up and he instantly slides down to the floor and starts sucking my dick again. With all the excitement of sucking my first cock, and the idea of a guy giving me a bj I didn't last long. I was nice and warned him so he could make his choice. He just kept going and let me shoot it down his warm wet mouth. 

What a afternoon, I received my first blow job from a guy, gave my first blow job and shot a load down some strangers mouth. What is not to like about this. From that day on I was addicted, and still am to giving a guy a blow job. There is nothing like feeling that long hard cock slide in and out of your mouth. Feeling a nice hot load of cum shooting into your mouth and then swallowing. 

When I got back home, Liz was just getting up, and she asked me where I had been. I told her I was out doing something special for her. She gave me one of those raised eyebrow looks, and didn't say a word. She didn't have to, I was so anxious to tell her, she didn't have a chance. As I was going on about my adventure and meeting my new "friend" she was getting all worked up, by the time I had gotten to the end she had disrobed and was dragging me to the bed. She was soaking wet, and ready for anything. We ended up having the hottest, wildest, best sex we ever had. 

*

I hope u enjoyed this true story about my first blow job. I welcome any feedback, or if you want to share your story with me feel free to email me, and of course don't forget to vote. I have a few other "first" about blow jobs, and adult book stores, so if you like I will write those also.