 Zach and I laid on my bed, making out in the darkness of my room. It was late at night and no one had bothered us for a while. I was wrapped up in his arms, as he kissed my lips gently. I embraced the kisses he gave me, flicking my tongue across his lips. He caught my tongue in his mouth and sucked softly on it. I groaned quietly, and closed my eyes. His tongue flicked over mine before releasing me from his hot grip. 

"Do you, um, want to try something?" Zach asked me. I stared up at him, my body pressed up against his. 

"Like what?" I asked, tilting my head to the side. I couldn't see his face, but I knew that he was blushing. In the darkness, I saw him open his mouth and that close it before opening it again. I kept back a giggle as I waited patiently. "Would you like me to try touching you?" I suggested. Zach let out a nervous chuckle before nodding his head. I smiled softly. 

Zach had touched me before, but I was never able to return the favor. Until now. 

Smiling, I kissed his lips again, closing my eyes as I slid my hand down his chest. I could feel his body tremble beneath my touch as I slowly reached his crotch. I could feel his erection through his pajama shorts. Cupping his crotch, I gently rubbed over the outline of his cock. It was much smaller than mine but I didn't dare say a word about it. It had taken him weeks to build up the courage to let me do this, and I wasn't about to ruin it with a snarky comment. 

I rubbed over the outline for a few minutes longer before he pushed my hand away. He told me to hold on as he tugged down his shorts and boxers. In the glow of my alarm clock, I could see his erection standing stiffly in the air. I was right; it was smaller than mine. I smiled softly, wrapping my hand around it and rubbing slowly. I heard him groan, as I laid my head on his chest, watching my hand pump his cock. It felt so soft, so smooth, under my touch. I stopped rubbing for a moment to rub my thumb over the top of it. He trembled and groaned, his hand rubbing over my back.

"H-hey..." He muttered. I looked up at him, asking what was wrong. He shook his head. "Nothing. I was just wondering if, um, you could go down and, um..." His voice faltered after that. I blushed deeply, biting my lip softly. I had sucked a cock before but it had been quite some time since the last time I did it. But I wasn't going to tell him no. Putting a smile on my face, I nodded my head.

"Sure, Zach," I said. I then kissed a trail down his body before reaching his cock. I placed my hand at the base of his cock to hold it, as I placed the tip of it in my mouth. It was already wet with precum and it tasted salty. I licked up the liquid before sucking softly. I heard a satisfied groan in return as I took more of the cock into my mouth. His fingers entangled themselves in my hair and I grinned. I think this was his first blowjob, and I hoped to make his best first experience.

Sucking slow and hard on his cock, I began to bob my head along the length of it, closing my eyes. His hand guided me along as I felt his other hand slide down my back and onto my ass. Instinctively, I pushed my ass up against his hand, wanting to feel more of his touch. I groaned around his cock as he squeezed my ass, making me suck faster. He groaned again, pushing down on my head. I grinned inwardly before swallowing his entire cock, my nose nestled into his pubes. I sucked fast, as I licked along the side of his cock. I was able to solicit another groan and a "holy fuck" from his lips. I blushed slightly from the compliment, and kept working his cock. 

The hand that was on my ass soon slid into my pants and boxers, making me shiver at the direct contact of skin. His fingers were rough but they felt good against my smooth skin. They gripped one of my ass cheeks and squeezed, making me groan again in pleasure. I loved it when he touched me and I wanted so much more from him. I could feel my cock throbbing in my own pants and I wanted nothing more than to release.

Sucking as fast as I could, I heard him say he was coming. Pulling his cock out of my mouth, I quickly pumped it until his cum exploded out, covering his stomach and pubes. I grinned, licking up the cum before sucking on his cock again. I loved the salty taste and I wanted to suck again. But he groaned and pulled my head away. I sighed and sat back, rubbing over my stiff cock. 

"How was that?" I asked him nervously, looking at his face. I could see the wide grin in the dark and I knew that I did well. 

"That was fantastic." Zach said. He pulled me in for a passionate kiss, his tongue dominating my mouth. I moaned and allowed him to lay me back against the bed as he kissed my lips again and again. For my first blowjob experience with him, it was the best one I've ever given and I felt pretty proud of myself. And I'm sure he felt pretty great, too.