 He had written me about my most recent story. "Party for the Ex" which was about hooking up with my ex-wife and taking her to a party where everyone started in a room to undress before entering a party where anything was possible. In the fictional story I said that I had sex with another man in front of the ex-wife.

My new follower said he had been a fan for some time and in my bio I admit being bi-curious. He wrote that I must have satisfied my curiosity.

I wrote back thanking him as I always do hoping for some hot and nasty dialog with him. Sometimes this happens, usually it is someone looking to get off on some personal attention.

The times that things do get hot are especially satisfying as I can admit to my dark desires without being called to act upon them as most of my mail comes from some way off. But this one was different, he was less than an hour away.

I will call him "Les" for that reason in respect for his privacy.

So, I told Les that this, like all of my stories was pure desire and sadly fiction. He asked why I didn't use Craig's list and I had been testing the waters there but the few I contacted wanted a quick blow and go, giving or receiving. I want something more. Not in a car or rest room either.

Well he admitted to being a long time practicing bisexual with a place in a city I knew. I decided rather quickly that this would be the time to see if I could satisfy my desires. We agreed to meet and see where things went.

We met a an outside café for drinks and quickly fell into a comfortable conversation about everything but my awesome desire to suck a cock. Occasionally he would rest his hand on my thigh, each time higher until he finally gave my semi hard cock a caress saying: "Shall we go to my place and see where things takes us?"

I reached to his crotch and squeezing him found a nice full but soft cock and set of balls.

"Yes, let's find out if I can be in life what I have been in a story.

It was a short drive to his place, a huge Victorian mansion in a quiet neighborhood. As we progressed up the staircases he explained that the first floor was living spaces and kitchen and dining room. The second floor was bed rooms and the third, where his space was clothing optional. The fourth and top floor was nude only. It sounded very exciting to me. As he opened the door to his room he showed me in and said to make myself comfortable. I sat in one of two easy chairs by a small table.

As he started to remove his dress shirt I thought "Oh my god, this is really happening!" But he reached for a casual shirt and said something about getting comfortable. I said that if he wanted to be comfortable maybe now was a good time to get naked. He seemed to like that idea as I stood to remove my shirt and kick off my moccasins.

As he lowered his shorts I dropped my jeans to stand naked before a man who was about to be my first male lover. To say I was excited would be the most understated fact ever. I turned to face him full on and spread my legs slightly to remove any doubt in my mind that I was offering myself to him sexually. "Here I am, naked and full of desire!" I thought as I slowly pulled my cock free from between my legs and gave it one long caress to show him I was ready for him.

As he lowered his underwear he said to me: "Commando, I see you came prepared."

I don't remember my reply as I was looking at his cock as he too turned to face me and I saw another man naked for the first. At least a naked man who was also showing me he was there for the same thing I was. Sex. Man sex. Cock stroking, naked sex. Cock sucking. All of that and maybe more.

He said lets sit and you can show me some of your favorite porn you told me about. He moved over to sit next to me as I opened my laptop and powered up. While waiting I reached for his cock and slowly stroked his shaft. I have been touching my cock for self-pleasure for almost 60 years but this was the first cock of another man and it felt wonderful. He quickly filled with desire and grew in my hand. I was having trouble with his wifi and but said I had saved a lot of my favorite pictures in folders. As I scanned the folders he was caressing my cock now. I was so excited that I wasn't getting as rock hard as I always expected and realized that I was afraid. All of my desires that had been long repressed were about to be realized. I had no doubts to the outcome and was so comfortable with my decision that it almost shocked me. I had no thought of stopping, only exploring more and when I opened my folder of just pictures of my favorite cocks told him so.

As I moved through the pictures we were both trying to feel each others cocks but I wanted more so I said: "Why don't we move to your bed and I'll suck your cock?"

We met on either side as we pulled down the covers and I told him to lay down. I knelt by his waist and leaned over without any hesitation and took his cock in my mouth. All I felt was complete satisfaction with the action. His cock felt so silky smooth and fit perfectly in my mouth.

I had described this moment in so many ways over the years I realized what I was doing was not like any of my descriptions of the act. I easily took about the first third of him in my wet mouth and as I ran my tongue over him he spread his legs some and made some comment about me being pretty good for a newbie. I was thinking I had sucked hundreds of cocks in my mind this was just natural.

But as I caressed him with my tongue while holding his shaft behind the head I almost blacked out. It was better than the first rush of a long line of cocaine or the first time a woman surprised me by sucking my cock. The time I drove 150 mph on a lonely highway late at night. It was fucking mind boggling. I could not believe how much I enjoyed the feel of a man's cock in my mouth. It was the perfect act. I wasn't just pleasing him or doing it for him. He was just the lucky recipient of something that was so satisfying to me. His smooth cock felt so perfect in my mouth that I knew immediately that this would not be the last time I sucked a cock.

I was lost in sucking and caressing him with my lips and tongue, my entire mouth was the center of my sexual being and I loved it.

I heard him say something and stopped to ask him if everything was alright. Everything was more than alright by him but he wanted to please me too. As I covered his cock again he said put your leg over me and let me taste you too.

As I settled in to cover him with my body I could feel him guide my hard cock to his mouth and as wonderful as it felt to be inside of him almost all of me was focused on his cock.

There was so much I wanted to do, to experience but it was all forgotten. All I wanted was his cock in my mouth. I could take almost all of him now and this freed my hands up for more. As I spread his legs so I could cup his tight sack I could feel him transfer his attention to my ass hole.

He had confessed to me that his current area of desire was anal play and it had been so long since a woman had paid any attention to me there that I almost forgot how much I loved his cock in my mouth.

I could feel him getting close and for a split second wondered if I could swallow his cum. Fuck, I thought, if I am going to be a cock sucker, I am going to be a complete cock sucker.

So when he pulled his mouth from my hot fuck hole and asked if he could cum in my mouth all I did was moan yes and nod my head, never letting go of his cock or balls. As he returned to eating my ass he started cumming. Not "long ropes or streams" but short bursts of an almost tasteless juice that easily ran over of my tongue.

This pushed me over and with him deliciously eating my ass I blew my load between our chests and had an orgasm that I will remember as long as I live.

As I came down from man love heaven I rolled off of him and pushing some leaked cum from the corner of my mouth back into it thought: "Well bud, you are a cock sucker now."

You know what, I am glad of it and before I left that afternoon sucked him two more times.