 ANOTHER WEEK AT THE CAPE

On Monday Ricky and I slept in as we were like zombies from the incredible days of marathon sex. I didn't care if he was my gay cousin. I was addicted to his incredible ass and I planned to have it everyday of the upcoming week. By the time we out of bed, showered and dressed it was nearly 11:00 AM. He suggested going to the harbor café to eat a light breakfast and enjoy some lattes. It was a perfect day and it was good to get out of the house for several hours. Neither one of us were anxious for morning sex as we knew we had all day.

We sat at the café for several hours enjoying the lattes and fresh air. It was almost 3:30 PM when we got back home. Ricky put out some snacks and we sat on the porch with a couple of beers. It was an incredible relaxing day. At one-point Ricky stretched out on the sofa next to me and fished my cock out through the leg opening. He lovingly sucked my dick and he was if no hurry to have me cum. I could reach his bottom, so I slipped my hand in his shorts and fondled his buttocks.

It was a very clear day and we were not going to risk sex on the porch. After a long period of foreplay, we were ready to take it to the bedroom. Both us removed our clothes patiently and then got in bed. My cock hard as I looked at his and I could not resist touching it once again. His flawless body was hairless and silky smooth. My hand followed the contour of his curvy buttock and cupped it gently. 

Locating the lube on the nightstand that we had used last night, I put an ample amount in my hand and rubbed it between his shapely cheeks. I began to finger his anus and got it well-greased. My 7+" cock was throbbing by now and I just had to fuck that lovely ass again. Moving closer I placed the head of my cock at his anus and pressed forward. He still remained quiet until the soft spongy mushroom head pushed through the taut rubbery ring and then he uttered. 

"Oh, agh, oh fuck, yes."

I pressed forward steadily but slowly until the entire shaft filled his passage. I began a slow fucking motion pulling my cock almost completely out and then driving it back in all the way. Ricky moved his right knee closer to his chest and guided my right hand to his stiff dick. I grasped the 6" pecker and masturbated him as I fucked him. In just a week together I had become comfortable with stroking his cock.

My toes began to tingle and my ball sac got taut as the ejaculation built within me. It was going to be a quick one but I wasn't worried since both of us were capable of cumming 3 or 4 times a day. I pushed my cock all the way in and hugged his effeminate body to mine. We both moaned when we felt the surge of my release fill his rectum. His sphincter gripped and released my member several times drawing the semen out of it.

Slowly I eased my erect cock out and watched as my seed oozed from his anus and trickled over his buttock. Playfully I pushed my sperm back into his anus several times only to watch him discharge it again. Ricky then rolled onto his back and holding his cock in his hand he asked me to fuck him again until he came. I got off the bed and stood at the side of it. 

Pulling him by his legs I got him to the edge of the mattress. My stiff dick slipped into his receptive ass with ease and the soles of his feet rested against my biceps as I held onto his legs. Ricky jerked off rapidly in search of his release as I steadily drilled his ass a second time. At first, I hadn't cared much for fucking him missionary style but I was now used to it. I even liked looking as his pretty body and watching him jerk off. He ejaculated before I came a second time. Several spurts shot into the air and landed around his pubes. The remainder of his load coated his hand.

Feeling my second surge building, I pulled out of his ass and aimed my cock at his anus. Several streams hit his dilated ring and then I re-entered him pushing some semen into his anus. I remained in him relishing the feeling of his gripping sphincter. We were both still hard when I pulled out of his ass.

"Let's get cleaned up, get a drink and have dinner. Then I want you to fuck me before we sleep tonight." 

After dinner, we were on the porch sitting in the dark enjoying a beer. It was quiet and the only light was from the street lamp. When the phone rang, it sounded like an alarm going off and we both jumped. Ricky answered the phone and I heard him say, "Holy shit, I forgot all about that. Oh my God, yes, since you're here you can come by tomorrow." He came back out to the porch with a worried look on his face.

"What's a matter?"

"Cliff, I fucked up big time. Two of my friends from college are coming here tomorrow. I had invited them but then forgot all about it." 

"From college huh, are they gay?"

"Yes, we hook up from time to time. Oh man I am so sorry."

"Do you want me to leave?"

"No, they're only going to be here for two days. Can you put up with that?"

"I can but I not doing anything with them."

"I don't expect you to nor would I want you to. As far as they are concerned, you are my straight cousin and we are not having sex."

"I can go with that but they will know that I know you are gay, correct?"

"Yes, but we are cool about it and just good friends and cousins."

"Okay, we'll see what happens."

"Than you for being so cool about this."

"If I'm going to cut off for a few days, I need to fuck you tonight."

"Oh my god yes, let's go back to bed."

I fucked him for what seemed to be hours before I finally came again in his ass and then I collapsed on top of him. The two of us remained in the same position for several minutes before we separated. I rolled off of Ricky and lay on my back beside the pretty young man. 

"Cliff, that was so good. I love it when you fuck me and cum in my ass."

We stayed in bed and cuddled in the spoon position. He loved being next to me and feeling my muscular body against his smooth slender one. I wondered what his friends looked like and how things would unfold on Tuesday. We both slept soundly.

COMPANY ARRIVES

We were awakened by knocking at the door and voices calling to Ricky to open up. He heard them and eased his body out of bed. He tossed on shorts and a tee and headed for the front door.

"Shit, they're here early. Cliff move your stuff to my parent's bedroom. You can sleep there the next two nights."

There was more knocking on the door and Ricky yelled.

"Alright, alright, I'm coming, you assholes."

Ricky was obviously disturbed by the behavior of his friends. It was a good time for me to take a shower in the master bathroom. I was sure they would spend a few minutes catching up. After my shower I put on shorts and a tee as usual and joined the three of them in the kitchen. I was introduced to Timmy and Billy. Interesting that they went with Timmy not Tim and Billy not Bill. They were slender fit guys like Ricky with bleached blonde hair that looked like it had not been brushed in days. They looked me up and down and I know they were impressed.

"I forgot you guys were coming so I invited my cousin Cliff her for a week. He just arrived yesterday."

Timmy looked at me curiously and then asked, "Are you gay Cliff?"

I laughed and replied, "I'm afraid not but if you are gay, I'm cool with you guys being here."

I poured a cup of coffee and a glass of juice and sat at the kitchen table. I engaged in conversation with the three of them and decided to let them have some time alone. 

"I'm going for a jog down to the harbor and I'll grab some breakfast there."

Ricky knew that I was doing that for his benefit and that I would be gone for hours. I changed into my running shorts and shoes and took off. It was an easy two-mile jog to the harbor and there I would relax with a latte and eat a light breakfast. The café served a soft-boiled egg and a serving of French bread that hit the spot. Later I walked back to the house as I was in no hurry and there was no reason to jog back. 

When I got back to the house the three of them were in the great room and the gay porn videos was playing but they weren't watching it. Timmy was on his back in a 69-position with Billy on top. Ricky was kneeling behind Billy fucking him. Ricky's gay friends also had slender smooth bodies but they didn't have an ass like him. Although they had nice asses, I wasn't drawn to them. Ricky looked up and saw me standing there and put his finger to his mouth as a signal to be quiet. I nodded and went out to the porch after I picked up a beer in the kitchen. 

As I sat on the porch and nursed my afternoon beer, I felt happy for Ricky as he was able to fuck someone and get his cock sucked. He had really good to me and didn't expect anything in return for sucking my cock and giving me his scrumptious ass. About a half-hour later the three of them joined me on the porch. It was obvious that Timmy and Billy were a bit sheepish. They didn't know when I got home or if I saw anything. Ricky started the conversation.

"How was your jog?" 

"Oh, it was good. It's a beautiful day and I enjoyed the harbor café. What have you guys been up to?"

Timmy and Billy blushed but Ricky smiled and replied, "Just hanging out and getting caught up."

I nodded and thought to myself, getting caught up fucking and sucking. Then Ricky said, "We're taking the boat out, do you want to come along?"

"No thanks! I'll hang out here. Have fun!"

The three of them packed up and left the house. I was sure that they would be more at ease without me along. I went in the family room and turned on the TV. The porn video was still in the player but I quickly turned it off and watched the sports channel. That evening with everyone at the house we called out for pizza and had a few beers. Later I excused myself and went into the bedroom. Minutes later, I heard the voices coming from Ricky's room. I didn't distinguish between Timmy and Billy bit I heard Ricky tell them to be quiet and not be vocal while having sex.

"I have missed you ass so much. I can't believe your cousin hasn't been after it."

"I told you he's not gay."

"Yeah, but with your ass, he doesn't have to be gay. Is he hung? I bet he is."

"I don't know and I won't know either. Now shut up and suck my dick while Timmy fucks me."

I listened to the three of them have sex even thought they tried to be quiet. I could visualize what they were doing based on the instructions they were giving each other. I had no interest in witnessing them in action but I was looking forward to them leaving on Thursday. In the morning I would have a pleasant surprise.

GOOD NEWS

Wednesday morning, I work up early and decided to go for another jog. The others were still sleeping and I assumed they would have sex again once they woke up. So, I decided to head down to the harbor café and have breakfast after my jog. It was an overcast day and a bit cool near the water. It was a perfect morning for a run. After breakfast, I ordered another latte and enjoyed people watching as they got buys with their boats.

At 10:00 AM I decided to head back to the house thinking that they had plenty of time for sex by then. It started to drizzle and then I heard a clap of thunder. I started to jog back but the skies opened up before I made it back to the house. By the time I got there I was drenched and had a chill. Ricky greeted me.

"Go take a hot shower and I'll make some more coffee."

"Where are your friends?"

"They left, go shower and I'll tell you about it over coffee."

I stripped off my wet clothes and tossed them in the laundry tub. Then I took a hot shower and got the chill out of my body. I put on a terrycloth robe and remained naked under it. Ricky was in the kitchen and he poured me a cup of coffee. It was really raining hard now and there was lightning in the area.

"Let's sit on the porch, I love doing that in a storm."

I took my coffee and joined him on the porch. He was right, there was something about the storm that was intriguing. On the porch you could hear it and feel the breeze but yet you were not in it.

"Timmy and Billy decided to go to Provincetown. Have you heard about that part of the cape?"

"Yes, it gets pretty wild there doesn't it?"

"The putting it mildly. The is every gay action imaginable that goes on there. It is too much of a circus for me. I told the guys to be careful."

"Have you ever been there?"

"Just during the day to check out the scene. There are other nice clubs and bars for gays on the cape rather than that scene."

"That bad huh?"

"Lots of drag queens, bears, leather, bondage and rough sex. I heard that there are guys there with big cocks who like to hurt young gay men. Not my deal."

"Why did they go?"

"Just curious but I cautioned them; it is really easy to get trapped and to watch out for drugs. Stories have been told about slipping drugs into drinks and guys waking up in frightening situations."

"So how did it go with them here?"

"Oh good, we had some fun sex and I got my dick sucked and got to fuck them both. Just so you know we practice safe sex and use condoms."

"Thanks for telling me that."

Ricky then moved over close to me on the sofa and ran his hand inside the bathrobe. In seconds he had me hard and he was stroking my cock. He seemed content to masturbate me as we watched the storm. Eventually, he parted my robe and lowered his head toward my lap. I felt his warm sensuous mouth engulf my cock and I closed my eyes. He was in no hurry to make me cum as he seemed to savor every moment. Anytime I got close, he slowed down or removed his mouth.

"Ricky, I feel like I am going to explode any second."

"Good, I want to watch you shoot."

He stroked my cock and I felt it start in my toes. I grunted and then erupted like a volcano. Several streams shot high into the air and landed on my chest and abs. Subsequent smaller amounts covered my pubes and his hand. Ricky squeezed every drop from my shaft and I was cum-drenched. He licked his hand clean and we remained seated as my seed dried on my skin.

"Wow, you would have blown out the back of my throat with that load. I'm glad I didn't take it in my mouth this time."

With that said he took my cock back in his mouth and kept me hard. He then slipped off his shorts, lubricated his bottom and sat on my cock. It slowly eased into his ass until his buttocks touched my pubes. We were seated on the sofa looking out the porch window and watching the storm. There was something very erotic about that moment. I didn't move as Ricky slid up and down on my rod. 

He was using his hands for balance so I reached around and stroked his cock. Within minutes he said he was going to cum and then sank down on my cock. He took his cock in his hand and finished masturbating. A small ejaculation escaped his slit and coated his hand, a signal that he had cum several times earlier. He leaned back into me keeping my cock imbedded in his chamber. I wanted to cum again so I moved him to the side but he stopped me.

"Take you robe off and spread it out on the sofa."

I did that and he loved prone on top of the robe. He pushed his buttocks up slightly and I was drawn to the sight of his curvy bottom. I knelt on my hunched behind him and slipped my cock back in his marvelous ass. I was able to watch my cock slide in and a out between the lovely globes. I fondled and squeezed his sweet buns as I fucked him slowly. 

It was a sight I could have watched all day but I knew that I would be cumming in his lovely ass before long. Still I savored the eroticism of the moment before my dam broke. I shot a substantial load into his ass. My cock pulsated in his ass and his sphincter seemed to match the discharge. He loved the sensation and called out to me.

"God this is the greatest feeling ever to feel your warm seed in my ass."

I leaned over him but used my elbows to keep my weight from crushing him. My pubes pressed against his buttocks and he wiggled his bottom underneath me. I stayed in him until my cock softened and then I lifted up and dragged my wet cock across his buns. I sat alongside him and fondled his curvy cheeks. That was the first time we had sex on the porch and failed to keep an eye out but given the heavy rain it probably wasn't necessary.

I lifted Ricky's legs up and sat back on the sofa with his bottom draped across my lap. I resumed fondling, squeezing and playing with his irresistible ass. As semen appeared at his anus, I pushed it back in with my finger. He giggled and rotated his bottom in response. He sighed and said.

"I'm ready for a drink."

"I'll get it, a beer."

"No something hard, a 7 and 7."

I got up leaving him stretched out face down on the sofa. Locating the liquor, I made his 7 and 7 and opted for a scotch-rocks for myself. I returned with the drinks and he was sitting up. We sat next to each other, remained naked and enjoyed our drinks. The storm continued most of the afternoon and we relaxed on the porch having several cocktails. Later we had leftover pizza as neither of us were in the mood for anything else. The weather report was good for tomorrow so we could get some chores done and still hit the beach for a while.

"I'm glad that your friends left a day early,"

"Yeah, I am too. I much rather spend the time with you. I'll see them plenty at college."

"I still can't get over how I am so addicted to your ass."

"You do like it, don't you? I'm glad because I love having you fuck me."

"I still say that when I'm fucking you, I feel like I am just fucking a lovely ass and not my gay cousin."

"I think that we are done for today at least I am."

"Me too but you never know."

"Right, I still remember when we were spooning and you slipped your dick in me in the early morning hours."

"I'm going to take a rinse off and put on some shorts."

"Me too and then we can watch TV." 

That night we decided to sleep in our own beds and get a much-needed rest. In the morning we would clean the house and after some time on the beach we would handle the outdoor chores. That would leave the later afternoon and evening for sex.

WORK AND PLAY

On Thursday morning after breakfast we cleaned the inside of the house and did the laundry. Following lunch, we did the outside chores and then showered before dinner. It was a very different day as we both were patient even though we were anxious to have sex again. We ate a leisurely dinner and enjoyed a bottle of wine. Once we had cleaned up after dinner we were ready to relax and we sat in the great room with an after-dinner drink.

"Ricky, when d you have your first gay encounter?"

"After I turned 18, that summer her on the cape. I met two good looking guys on the beach. They were surfer types with tanned bodies and long blonde hair. We were chatting and then they invited me back to the place they were renting."

"Did they force you?"

"Oh no, more like seducing me. Before I knew what happened, my swim suit was around my knees and one guys was sucking my cock and the other rimming me. I was so excited that I came quickly and flooded the guy's mouth. Then he told me to do him and I sucked my first cock. The other guy greased my ass and then fucked me."

"Christ, didn't that hurt."

"At first but the pain passed quickly. He had a perfect cock to break-in and ass, it was slender and tapered. The other guy was a bit bigger but I handled him okay. So that day I sucked two cocks and got fucked by two guys. They sucked me off twice."

"Wow, was that it?"

"Oh no, they were at the cape for two more days. They told me that if I came back the next day, they would let me fuck them."

"Did you?"

"Oh my God, yes, I could not wait to get back to their house. They lived up to their promises and it was incredible. We took turns being in the middle with a cock in our ass and one in our mouth. We fucked and sucked most of the day. They were leaving the next day so I visited them again in the morning."
