 Your baby wants you sooooooo fucking bad...

Go ahead...keep working. I'll just sit here with my legs spread, writing and playing with my pussy...thinking about what I'm going to do to you...looking at your glorious naked body and typing my thoughts right now...

From where you're sitting, I know you can see my butterfly pussy lips quivering for you. I know you can see how fucking soaked my pussy is...and I KNOW you were watching when I pulled my finger away, my gooey juices trailing from my pussy to my finger...

Oh yeah...when your work is done, your body will be trembling for me...you will come to me and spread your legs for me...you'll hold my ass and pull my hips against you, then you'll pull my hair and devour my mouth with yours...you won't be able stop yourself from fucking at my throat with your tongue...

Then you'll grip my ass, desperately digging your nails into my skin...you'll speak hotly against my lips and beg me to fuck you with my mouth...to suck your pussy as hard as I want...to bury my tongue as deeply as I can inside you...and to ravage your hungry, swollen clit...

Ooooohhhh, your slutty bad girl is going to hold your ass and make you cum all fucking night long...or until you scooch away from me and collapse flat on your back in utter exhaustion...whichever comes first.

Your baby will cum many times just from sucking you and being your own personal fucktoy...

I'm going to want your cum on my body...I mean, ALL over my body. Between my toes...under my arms...and everywhere in between. You can straddle my body on your hands and knees...I'll make you flood my body with your cum, over and over again. After you spread your cum all over me, you can put LOTS of musk oil on me...

You will still be very hot and I'll want more of you...I shall gently turn you onto your back and bury my face in your pussy...and you will be pulling my hair and screaming for more and more...

...I woke the next morning before Blue. We were lying on our sides, facing each other...she had her arms around me and her legs were wrapped around my ass. My face was buried in her neck, and her musk oil scent was making my pussy throb hard...

I fucking DEVOURED her pussy last night...holding her down and eating her mercilessly. She'd never had someone who just kept riding her pussy with their mouth after she came, without letting up. She loved every bit of it, screaming for me not to stop...

The lab genetically programmed me not to stop until Blue says, "Stop!" But, they also gave me the logic to not hurt her...to know when she should NOT have more.

This morning, I was so hot for her and she still wasn't awake. I love her too much to wake her...her body really took a lot last night. 

She always wants to be fucked hard by my strong, eight-inch tongue...it fills her completely, and she loves when I lick the very back of her pussy...when I do, she holds my hair and shoves herself at my mouth, wanting me to fuck her as hard as I can with that tongue...

Blue couldn't get enough of my mouth fucking her pussy...every time she came, I sucked her cum down my throat and came like like hell just from that...just being so fucking excited!

After every orgasm she had, I just held onto her and kept sucking her...that drove her insane! Her body was constantly shaking and trembling, always either from cumming or on its way to the next one. I didn't count...I don't know HOW many times she came...

...now, I gently slide out of her arms and, oh-so-carefully so I wouldn't wake her, turned her onto her tummy and slipped between her legs, my mouth on her lower back, one of Blue's most sensitive places on her pretty body.

I held her hips and wetly kissed the very center of her lower back, letting my kiss linger. Then, I raised my lips from her skin only a little and touched my tongue to her, breathing on her skin and making it very hot. 

I slid my tongue up about four inches, then back down to where I kissed, then down four inches...all the while, making sure my breath heated my saliva and her soft, lovely skin...

Blue whimpered in her sleep, her body twitching from my tongue...I smiled and trailed hot sloppy-wet kisses everywhere my tongue had been along her spine on her lower back...

Still in her sleep, she purred and spread her legs more...I heard her inhale harder with each of my kisses.

She wouldn't be asleep much longer...

I slid my tongue to the top of her ass. Should I slide my tongue between her ass cheeks? Not yet...that would wake her for sure, and I was having fun here.

I spent the next few minutes smothering her ass with slow, wet, deliberate kisses...sliding my tongue here and there...Blue was making soft little whimpering noises which rose in intonation...noises which begged me for more...

I got my lips very wet with my tongue...I spread her ass cheeks only a little and slid my lips...ONLY my lips, only halfway to her center...I sucked her skin on the inside of one of her asscheeks...that drives her out of her MIND when she's awake!

And she did wake up...

My baby raised her ass in the air for me and spread her legs wider...

"Oooooooooohhhhhhhhh...Sunny....my baby....oh fuck yes............."

I slid my wet lips some more on the insides of her ass cheeks, kissing her and giving her skin little sucks...she was pushing her ass at my face, wanting me to go deeper...I deeply purred between her cheeks, letting her entire body feel the vibration of my voice. She begged for more...

"Sunny...fuck...give me your tongue...I want it inside my ass...waaaaaaaaaaaay inside my ass.."

I was so happy to belong to Blue! It makes me hot as fucking HELL to be her slutty fucktoy!

Oh yes...I buried my face deeper into her ass cheeks and fucked her ass with all eight inches of my tongue, my finger going crazy in her pussy, swirling around inside her...oh my goodness! She came so hard! So deeply! 

Reaching back and grabbing my hair and pulling it while she screamed and screamed!

I rode her ass with my tongue until her orgasm ended...then, her body fell to the mattress on her tummy...her ass and thigh muscles quivering. I pulled the covers over her body and ran to brush my teeth, then returned and 

slipped under the covers, gathering her to me...wrapping my body around her and kissing her.

Blue kept her eyes closed and spoke softly against my mouth...

"Every woman should wake up that way...but, they don't have you...I do...and you're mine, mine, 

mine. I love you, Sunny!"

"I'm so happy I belong to you, and only you...I love YOU, my precious Blue!"

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny

(c) 2016 Sunny Johansen