 I felt I needed to get out of the house for the day. Winter seemed overly long and cold this year driving me to stay indoors. All of that was over now, spring was here, and the sun was calling to me to come enjoy its warmth. I slipped into a light shirt, jeans and runners and stepped out into the warm glow that I had missed for the last 5 months.

I drove down to the trendy shopping district in town. It has lots of eclectic shops and there are always unique items to buy and interesting people to watch. It had been a while since I had been down there and I thought some window shopping in the sunshine was just what I needed. It is near the college and a lot of the younger crowd hangs out here. Being early afternoon there weren't many people on the streets, classes and jobs taking the priority over play. Later it would be packed with an active night life that rises as the sun sets. I slowly made my way down the street, stopping occasionally to slip into a shop and have a closer look.

Down near the end of the block was a lingerie shop that caught my attention. I entered the silk filled store to be greeted by 2 young women working behind the counter. They made the standard salesperson references to helping me but I indicted that I was just looking around for the moment.

As I browsed up and down the aisles I realized it had been a long time since I had purchased anything sexy to wear. As a matter of fact most of my wardrobe was quite boring. I spotted a nightie that I knew my husband would love. As a matter of fact my mind envisioned the ravenous effect it would have on him, playing over in my mind my seduction of him and his willing response.

With this thought in mind I slipped it off the rack and asked the girls at the counter if there was a place I could try it on. They directed me to the back, into an area divided into cubicles by hanging curtains.

I had assumed I was the lone customer in the store but as I was taking off my coat and shoes I heard a noise from the next curtained area and realized someone else was also trying on outfits.

I stripped out of my clothes except for my panties. I slipped the nightie on. I admired my looks in the mirror, the way my body shone through the sheer material that made up most of the nightie, the way my breasts peek-a-booed thru the lacy chest area. I knew it would turn my husband into a beast.

It was then that I heard a sound from the next booth. It sounded like a gasp. I stopped and listened. I could barely make out a faint indistinct sound that I could not place. I moved closer to the curtain and strained to listen again. Then I could hear it, heavy breathing and the faint sound I had heard I knew from experience, a finger in a wet pussy. I stood there shocked, how could somebody do that in such a public place? I could never bring myself to doing 'that' in a public place.

I was going to change back and get out of there when curiosity got the best of me. I moved over to the edge of the curtain and pulled it back just slightly, peeking through the small gap I had made. There she was; I guess about 22 years old, blonde hair cascaded around her pretty face. Her eyes were closed; her top lip overlapped her bottom lip sucking it. Her left hand pinched and pulled on the nipple of her right breast. Her right hand was between her legs, her red thong, the only piece of clothing she had on, was pulled to the side as she slid her first finger in and out of her wet wet pussy generating the gushing sound I had heard.

My instincts told me to leave, let her have her fun alone. I felt embarrassed to be spying on her but I also found myself locked in position, not being able to tear my eyes away. I looked at her body; her full breasts with large areolas and hard nipples that were being teased by her hand. Instead of the darker shade of brown that my nipples were, hers were more pink and the nipples longer. My eyes traveled down to her other hand, sliding in and out, and then flicking across her clit. A small thin strip of hair led down to her puffy lips and sticky hole. A small drip was running out of her down to the crack of her ass. My eyes swept back up to her face as I looked straight into her blue eyes that were staring back at me. I froze, the preverbal deer in the head lights. Only then realizing that my own hand had moved to my breast and I was tweaking my nipple through the nightie top.

She stared at me as she continued to pleasure herself. I had already been caught so I stared back, my hand continuing to pull at my nipples as I felt my own pussy growing wetter. I don't know what had come over me; I had never felt that way about another woman before. I only knew that she looked so sexy as she finger fucked herself.

I was too turned on now to stop. I needed to orgasm. I slipped through the curtains into her change area. I continued to play with my nipples with my left hand as my right traveled down and into my panties. Ooooohhhhh I was wet. I slipped my finger inside and brought it back up moistening my clit. I repeated this, dipping in then flicking my clit, over and over.

We stared at each other each drinking in the actions of the other, driving ourselves towards orgasm. Her actions were getting more frantic. She was urgently thrusting two fingers hard into her pussy. Her head fell back and a large moan escaped her lips as she came, juices flowing out of her.

I continued to play with myself as she slowly regained composure. She got up and moved over to me. She grabbed me by my upper arms and directed me to the bench she had just been sitting on. She got on her knees in front of me and removed my panties. She gently took my hand that had been working my warm wet depths and raised it to her mouth. She softly sucked the juices off my fingers.

She then leaned me back and spread my thighs. Never having been with a woman I did not know what to expect. I held my breath waiting for the touch I so badly needed.

Her tongue gently flicked out across my clit, it felt like an electric shock shooting straight from my pussy, radiating out to all parts of my body. She dipped her tongue inside me and the started to move from my opening to my clit and then back again. She then changed circling and pulling at my outer lips with the occasional nibbling on my clit. I was in heaven. The touches were so intense, greater than I had ever experienced.

My eyes detected a movement and it looked up to see one of the sales girls watching us. My first reaction was one of shock and a need to run and hide, but I was completely under the spell of the moment. I could not stop it if I had wanted, I needed to orgasm and it felt so so good. The sales girl moved her hands to her breasts, plucking at her nipples. She just smiled and continued to watch.

I looked back down to the blonde between my legs. I placed my hand on the back of her head urging her on and making sure she was not going to pull away leaving me unfulfilled. I closed my eyes concentrating on the delicious feelings her tongue was creating.

When I looked back up the second sales girl had joined the first. She was standing behind her undoing the first sales girl's blouse. She exposed her breasts and took over the jobs of caressing her beautiful orbs as she nibbled on her neck, leaving a wet trail from her ear to her collar bone. Both sales girls' eyes were locked on me and the blonde. The first sales girl, her breasts being caressed by the other, moved her hand down under her skit and started fingering herself.

I was getting close now. Being eaten by one girl as two others watch was more than I had ever imagined in my wildest fantasies. My eyes were locked on the two sales girls as I went over the edge, convulsing from a massive orgasm. It continued with several smaller orgasms coming one after the other. As my orgasms finally subsided, I leaned back fully spent from the experience.

When I opened my eyes the sales girls were gone and the blonde was getting dressed. I could not move, it was if every muscle in my body was made of Jell-O.

When the blonde finished getting dressed she came over and kissed me on the lips, I could taste myself on her. She then just turned and left. Slipping out of my life as quickly as she had entered it.

When some of my energy returned, I managed to regain my feet and move back to my own stall. I got dressed and hurried for the door avoiding the gaze of the sales girls. I'm sure I was as red as a fire truck as I passed by them. I never even bought the nightie as I just too embarrassed to face them.

What a day, what a memory. Maybe someday I will get up the nerve to go back there.