 How can I explain what has happened in the last day and a half? I'm not really sure I can but in an effort to maintain my sanity I will try. I mean, it is so unbelievable that I sit here and wonder if I imagined it. Then I look at the mess in my room and realize that it really, really did happen. It wasn't some fucked up dream. I am so fucking sore and I know I'll have to see my doctor next week... but damn that was fun!

My name is Pam, I am eighteen and until just 36 hours ago I was a virgin. I'm not going to lie to you, I wasn't trying to lose my cherry. It wasn't even on my mind right now. I've always excelled in school and graduated High School at sixteen. I scored an academic scholarship to the State University and I am a junior now. I remained focused on my studies and avoided the party crowd. My focus was on getting my degrees early so that I could land a prime job and a lucrative career. Besides, I was never considered attractive or pursued by anyone, ever. I wasn't confused by it either. I knew that I was... well, if not ugly, at least homely.

The truth is that I am small for my age. I am very short and petite. With my braces and glasses I could easily pass for a girl several years younger. Because of this my Dad has been teaching me self-defense for most of my life. There are a lot of sick men out there who would love to snatch up a tiny thing like me. I stand four foot eleven and weigh only 90 pounds. My hair is brown and I wear in in a pixie cut. I am very fond of t-shirts, blue jeans and sneakers. 

I have a decent but small apartment that I share with Barb. Like me she is kinda homely but Barb is plump. Each of her tits are as big as my head! Hell I don't even need a bra and she has this huge bust that she is always complaining about! Well I have to be truthful; I do wear a bra, and usually a padded one. Not because I want to look bigger than I am, but because I have the family curse. Permanently erect nipples. Mom, my sisters and even my Grandma (on Mom's side) and her sisters have it. And it's not just the nipple but the whole areola. They are what guys call "puffies". My areolas and nipples add more to my bust measurement than my actual breasts do! If I didn't do something to hide them they would really be obvious, distractingly obvious. And for a petite girl, that's not good... pervs and all. 

So Friday afternoon as I was grabbing a burger and shake I turned too quickly and ran into Stephanie, a really tall senior girl on the basketball team, and the collision spilled my lunch all over the both of us.

"Aw shit!" Stephanie exclaimed.

"Oh my god! I'm so sorry!" I said. "I didn't see you."

"Didn't see me? How could you miss me? I'm six fuckin' feet tall!"

"Oh... yeah, I'm so sorry... I...I..."

"Listen, I don't know your name but all I hear are squeeky sounds coming from your pie hole so I'm gonna call you Squeeks, You got a problem with that?"

"N-no..." I stammered, totally intimidated.

"Aw fuck! This is a new shirt too and now it's ruined! Twentynine bucks! What are you gonna do about it Squeeks?"

"I-I-I don't have any money on me... but I do in my room, I could go get it..." I ventured.

"Wrong Squeeks, you might not come back... So WE will go get it, right?"

"R-right, sure..."

While we walked to my building I managed to look Stephanie over a little. Yeah she was six foot tall and slender. Athletic slender not skinny. She was wearing a school polo shirt (now adorned with ketchup, mustard and chocolate) and denim short shorts with cross trainers.She had red hair worn in a ponytail and her fair skin was dotted with freckles. Yeah she had an attitude, and maybe I deserved it, but I still realized that she was attractive enough to get all the dates she wanted, anytime she wanted. When we got to my room I had an idea.

"Listen, why don't you take that shirt off and let me loan you another? "

"What? One of yours?" she laughed.

"No my roomy, I know it'll fit..." And I pulled the identical shirt from Barb's closet.

Stephanie didn't hesitate to pull her shirt off and tried on Barb's then laughed again.."Damn! It's huge!" She pulled it off and checked the tag... "Fuck, 4XL! Is she fat or something?"

Now I really like Barb and rose to her defense. "No she isn't fat! She just has huge boobs!" I retorted angrily.

"Whoa calm down Squeeks.. I didn't mean it, just jokin' ya know?"

My mind was on the comment and without thinking I peeled off my soiled T-shirt and saw that the shake had soaked through and stained my bra too. "Aw hell It's even in my bra!" I whimpered. "And this is my favorite one too!" I tried unhooking the clasp but fumbled when I felt Stephanie gently push my hands away.

"Relax Squeeks, lemme help you... there ya go."

I turned and stood there looking at the stained bra for a moment when Stephanie slowly sank to her knees in front of me... her mouth hanging open.

"Oh my god..." she said I saw that she was staring at my nipples. Embarrassed I started to raise my hands but she stopped me, gently. "Don't.. Please, don't..." she murmured. "Squeeks... they're... beautiful. So damn beautiful..."

I stood there dumbstruck.

Slowly she extended her hand towards my chest and everything went into slow motion. My brain was screaming Run! Fight! She's a perv! Don't let her touch you! Wait! Why not? What's wrong with her touching me? Don't I choose who touches me? She's attractive, she has green eyes... why had I not noticed her green eyes? Damn she's really attractive...

Her fingers carefully touched my rigid nipple, gently probed around my puffy areola and oh so softly caressed my small breast. Her touch sent goosebumps all over me and my heart was pounding. Stephanie was caressing both breasts now and smiling. Slowly she started to lean forward and I realized two things: that she was going to put her mouth on me and that I wanted her to. Now up to this point in my life, my sexuality was almost nonexistent. I found boys attractive but had never even been kissed, and the idea of lesbianism was not alien (I have a cousin and Aunt who are) it was just not something that I considered. Now, suddenly, and without any doubt I knew that I wanted her to... to... Do what? What did I want from her? 

The debate in my mind was interrupted by the feeling of Stephanie's mouth on my left breast. The sensation was exquisite! My knees were weak and my breath was coming in little ragged gasps. I closed my eyes and my head rolled back as a moan escaped my throat. Stephanie's mouth was sealed around my areola while her tongue tweaked my nipple for a moment then ran in circles around it's base. I felt feverish and dizzy. To keep my balance I instinctively reached out and held on to her. Steph moved over to my right breast and repeated her machinations. I realized that my fingers were running through her hair. Oh my god the feelings coursing through my body were intoxicating... hypnotic. Steph finally pulled her mouth free from me and I recognized guilt on her face.

"I'm sorry Squeeks, I-I..." she said as she stood. "I shouldn't have done that. I had no right..."

It was like someone else had taken over my body. It moved of it's own volition and my mind was a trapped passenger. I reached out and caught her wrist and in the blink of an eye I had her in a wrist lock, then an arm bar and then face first on the carpet. 

"Obviously I can defend myself so if I had objected I could have stopped you... but the fact is that I liked it, I really, really liked it." I said as she got to her feet. "I-I want more. " I said. And then taking a gamble I reached out and put my hands on her waist and laid my head against her chest.

"Holy fuck..." was all she said.

I slid my hands up to her sports bra and hooked my thumbs under the elastic band. Steph raised her arms and sank back onto her knees as I peeled the bra off. I knelt facing her and looked at her boobs. They were really nice. There were tiny pink nipples in tiny pink areola perched high on nice pert mounds covered in freckles. I caressed them. They were firm and oh so warm and soft. I was thrilled and grinned.

"May I?" I asked.

"S-sure." she stammered.

I leaned forward and kissed her breasts. First one and then the other. I squeezed them and toyed with her nipples using both my fingers and my tongue the way she had done me. I liked it. Steph liked it too. She giggled at my fascination.

"You've never done this, have you?" she asked.

"No, I've never been with a girl... until now." I said and looking into her eyes I kissed her.

Steph wrapped her arms around me and lifted me up effortlessly and sat on the bed cradling me. Her free hand was caressing my breast and our mouths were locked in a passionate kiss. Her tongue teased my lips and when they parted it darted in and out. I found her tongue erotic and presented the tip of mine. She teased it and toyed with it, kissing and sucking on it. I was lost in the excitement and thrill of making out. One hand played with her breast while the other caressed her back from her shoulder down to her hips and my fingers slid into her shorts and panties. Steph started caressing my legs and I was suddenly aware that my jeans had to go. I kicked off my shoes and tried to undo my jeans one-handed. Steph helped me tug them down and kick them off, all the while we never broke our kiss. Her hand now touched my bare leg and it felt awesome. She ran her hand up my thigh, then across my tummy and down the other thigh, then reversed her course back to the start. Over and over again. She broke our kiss and went for my neck and continued kissing my throat and chest. I realized that my panties were soaked and that my body was yearning for satisfaction. I knew I wanted her to pleasure me even though I was unsure of what exactly that entailed.

"Please Steph," I panted, "Do it... please do it!"

She gazed into my eyes for a moment and I was lost in their bright green depths... then I felt her hand sliding into my wet panties and slowly across my mound where it lingered for an instant before continuing down to my soaking pussy. I watched a smile break across her face and then her fingers spread my lips and entered me. I gasped and through my head back as the joyous sensation shot throughout my tiny body. Steph fingered me for some time and we kissed oh so passionately. My young body ached for more even though I wasn't sure what came next. I mean I knew about straight sex but what the hell did lesbians do besides play with toys we had none. All I did know was that I wanted so much more of this, more of her.

Steph slid me from her lap onto the bed and stood up. Slowly she pulled off her shorts and I saw that she was wearing lavender bikini panties that were sheer and so sexy. She pulled my panties off and knelt between my legs and kissed my inner thighs. She slowly worked her way up from my knees towards my pussy kissing left and then right. I found my hands were playing with my breasts and I tugged on my nipples. My god they were so rigid! They ached for more. Steph now paused before my pussy and I could feel her breath on my wet skin. Gently she kissed me, her lips moving slightly as she covered my whole pussy from my outer lips to my inner labia, from my mound down to my...

"Ohhhhhhhhh!...mmmmmmmnnnnn..." I moaned as she reached my opening. She giggled and then began to use her tongue to lick me. She licked up my slit from my wet opening up to the top and when her tongue flicked my clit I squealed! Over and over she lapped my wetness; the sound of her slurping was exciting. I raised my head and looked down at her. Fuck! She was so pretty and she was enjoying this as much as I was... Damn this was good. But my body cried out for more and my hips began to rock as she ate me. Steph pushed her tongue into my tight opening as far as it would go and I trembled and pushed against her. Then she slid a finger inside of me and stroked in and out a few times.

"Oh yesssss..." I moaned "That's so good!"

Steph whispered, "Hang on Squeeks." And then she added a second finger. She was fucking me with two fingers and the wet sounds added to the experience. Then she started tonguing my clit and my world changed. Suddenly I knew what I needed, wanted and lusted for. I'd only masturbated a few times in the past and it was never very satisfying but now...

"God Steph! Make me cum! Please make me cum! I need it! I need to cum!"

Steph stayed silent and focused on her task. I trembled and my hips started bucking and then when I thought I would pass out the wave of ecstasy began to build deep inside of me and I started moaning. I moaned louder as it got closer and then the wave crashed over me and I cried out! "FUUUCK!!"

I came down slowly, still riding the ebbing waves of the orgasm and looked down at Steph. She was gently kissing my pussy and slowly brought her fingers out of my convulsing pussy. She held them up and I saw that they were covered in my wetness. Locking eyes with me she sucked them off. I was captivated. She was enjoying it. No, she was savoring it. She dipped her fingers again and toyed with the moisture before eating it.

"Geez Squeeks, you taste so fucking good!"

"You're kidding, right?"

Steph dipped her face to my pussy and ran her tongue up and down my slit a few times and plunged it in and out several more times. Then she rose up and lay on top of me...then kissed me. And as her tongue entered my mouth I tasted my juices. The sensation of the forbidden overrode propriety and convention. The exhilaration of the taboo was wild and fun and sexy. We kissed for a long time and then I slid my hand between us and down to her panties. I was overjoyed to discover that she was soaking wet too!

"Roll over." I told her and since the bed was small it took a bit of jostling. I pull her panties of and the scent of her was so intoxicating that I held her wet panties to my face and inhaled. God I needed this! How had I never realized my latent lesbian desires? Stephanie's pussy was smooth and bare... and beautiful. I caressed her softly. "Geez you're so smooth and silky..."

"Yeah, I shave often and use a good lotion. If you want maybe someday I'll do you..." she offered.

"Maybe..." I replied. "But right now I want to do you." And I kissed her pussy. Now I of course knew nothing more than what I had just experienced but I'm a smart girl and I tried to duplicate everything she had done to me. I wasn't as good as Steph but I was good enough that she only needed to coach me a little.

I started with kissing and exploring her pussy. Her mound was full and round and her outer labia were meaty, very pronounced. Her inner lips were rather delicate looking and when I opened them they were bright pink. I saw her clit was larger than mine and I loved the sounds she made when I kissed it. She was practically mewling. And I was doing it! It was because of me! How cool is that? So her scent was driving me like nothing I had ever experienced before. And her opening was oozing. I flicked it with my tongue and tasted it. "Wow, that's nice." I started to lick her juice and every time my tongue touched her hole, she kinda quivered or shivered. I liked the taste of her as much as the reaction I was getting. I settled down and focused on consuming her. 

Steph was squeezing her tits and making those cute mewling sounds and I realized that this was no doubt just the beginning of my sexual journey... and I was eager to discover it all. I had felt Steph push her tongue into me but when I tried, I couldn't reach in very far. But if I flicked it all over her opening she would moan and grind her hips into my face. My face! Hell my face was now completely covered in her juices and the flavor of her was everything I wanted. I couldn't think of anything that had ever tasted this good. I rose up and straddled her for a moment, looking into those enchanting eyes as my wet face was ever so slowly getting closer to hers... and we kissed. Steph was kissing all of her juice from my face and sucking on my tongue as I rubbed my pussy against her thigh. I could feel her wet pussy on my thigh as well. We ground against each other for a few minutes and then Steph put her hands on my head and pushed me back to her pussy...

"Make me come Squeeks, you can do it. Just do what I did for you."

I laid my cheek on her mound and flicked her clit with my tongue as I fingered her wet hole. Steph was quiet for a bit and then started moaning softly. I added a second finger and she murmured. After a few minutes of this I got curious and added a third finger. Steph started groaning. She still felt so incredibly wet and, I dunno why but I added my pinky so that all four fingers were pumping in and out of her gooey pussy with my thumb stroking the outside and my tongue still flicking her clit. Steph was now rocking her hips in time with my strokes and groaning loudly. I knew I was pleasing her, giving her pleasure in that most visceral way and the sense of power thrilled me. My hand was my dick and I was fucking this hot redhead just as well as any guy could, no... better! Because I wasn't trying to come, I was focused entirely on making her come.

"Do you like that Steph?" I asked "Is it good? Are you going to come for me?"

"God Squeeks! It is so fucking good! I wanna come... keep it up!"

"Do you wanna come Steph? Do you want me to make you come?"

"Fuck yes!"

"Then say it, no, beg me! I kicked your ass and now I can make you come or leave you frustrated. Beg me!"

"Please! Please Squeeks! Make me come! Please don't stop! Make me come! I wanna come!" she cried. 

Emboldened and invigorated I pumped harder and faster. As her cries grew I took her whole clit into my mouth and sucked on it. I pinned the base with my lips and stroked it with my tongue and Steph's voice became guttural and her body went rigid... Then she came.

"Gahhhhhh! Haahhhhhh! Haahhhhhh! Aahhhhhh! Fuucckkkk! Ohhhh goddddd, ahhhhh..."

When she came I felt Steph's pussy spasming around my hand. I felt and saw huge amounts of pussy juice squirting past my fingers and splashing my wrist and arm. Fuck! I did this! I did this to her! Holy cow I made her come!

I sat up and slowly pulled my hand out and gazed at the fluid glistening on my skin. I tasted some of it and was oh so tempted to eat it all but then I had another idea. I stood on the bed and as Steph watched, I wiped her moisture all over my pussy. I made sure to get all of it smeared onto me and then I sat on her face. Steph hungrily attacked my pussy as I held on to the bed frame. Her skills were amazing and I felt my own desires returning. Steph's hands caressed my hips and back before searching and finding my nipples. I had never, ever felt so alive, so thrilled and so excited! Steph pushed me up, gasping for breath...

"Sixty nine me Squeeks!"

"Huh?"

"Fuck, turn around and eat me while I eat you!"

"Oh!"

Damn this is good! I thought as we pleased each other. How had I misunderstood that 69 worked for lesbians as well as it did for straights? I was really enjoying myself. My pussy was getting pleasured while I consumed a most delicious pussy myself. In fact I was so happy that I missed the sounds of keys and the door opening and shutting. But I couldn't miss what came next.

"Holy fuck Pam!"

Barb was back.