 Close your eyes. No, don't. Here, I'll cover them for you. 

Your last look of me vanishes as I tighten the cool, red silk around your eyes. You feel the ends of the cloth trail over your shoulders as I pull them back, behind you, to me. With one hand, I knot the silk around my left fist, tugging your head, up and back, onto my shoulder, exposing the smooth length of your neck. 

My teeth touch your ear and I whisper, "You wanted to know what I would do to you. My gorgeous," at this my teeth travel from your ear, to the pulse point directly, below your lobe and clench, before soothing the mark with my tongue, "womyn. You have no idea."

There's a hesitant giggle from between your lips and my right hand traces short, cool paths down the hollow of your neck, onto your collar bone, then across your visible bra line, seen through the light t-shirt your wearing, to grasp your left breast. My fingers slide from their hold around your breast, to the tip, where I pinch. Hard. Painfully hard, and press into you from behind, pulling you closer to me with my grip, on the back of your head and my arm across your chest. You gasp and arch up, into my hand. 

If you only knew the way I think about you. How I think about taking you. Forcing you, hurting you. About how I want you to submit, to beg me. To know how far I can push it, to make you feel. 

My breath is low, against your neck, you can almost feel the softness of my lips against your throat, and you wonder at the roughness of my words placed, so gently, on your skin. To remind you, how good it can feel, to struggle. Especially against someone who would never, truly, hurt you. 

Still confused, you stumble as I push you forward, leading you by the pressure of my fingers delicately wrapped by silk and placed firmly at the back of your throat. Walking carefully, you step cautiously where I instruct, hesitant but interested enough to play along, at least for awhile. With a creaking noise, I shift away from your back and beside you, before you feel a slight chill as the evening air finds it way over your body and into your clothes. Still pushing, I direct you out, onto the patio, where you hear the echo of your bare feet and my shoes following us. Down one step, you feel the grass underneath your feet and begin to get antsy, "Hey, Michelle?"

Shut up.

And you do, just in time, because you feel your argument cut short as I push you backwards against the fence and wind two long strips of cloth across and into your open mouth before tying your head firmly, by your neck, to the posts. You move against me, resisting, and I press my body into yours, my breasts against your cold nipples, and my knee between your thighs, pushing the loose canvas of your pants against your pussy. While you're concentrating on my thigh raising you high against me, I trap your left hand as it rests against my chest, left there, forgotten and tie it up, away from your body against the wood of your backyard fence. I repeat this with your right hand, before dropping away from you, leaving you suspended and arched towards me. Muttering something, you twist as I grab your right foot and lash it away from your body , to a stake left in the ground, before tying your left foot to another one. You're angry now. Not only are we outside, but your neighbors could hear anything going on, if you even could relax enough to enjoy it. But your nipples get harder at the thought of me watching you twist against the fence, restrained by red silk. 

I'm going to fuck you. I'm going to slowly slice your inhibitions away and force you to scream into your gag as you cum around me. Then, when your body is exhausted from my attention, I'll let you down and fall asleep inside of you. 

After moments of silence and no cues from me as to the direction of this exhibition, you hear a click, and then feel pressure at your waist, then shredding noises as your bottoms are ripped off of you. My left hand is there now, against your cunt, and my teeth you can feel them against your breast. You moan and push into my hand, spreading your naked thighs for me, arching into the fingers you can feel just beyond your panties, almost slipping inside of you. Then, you feel my right hand move against your breast, that click again, then a small, cool pressure slides over your shoulder, flicks up, and off falls one side of your shirt, before the same pressure and flick on the other side, rids you of the entire top portion of your t-shirt. Where it falls down around your waist, my mouth follows, leaving your breast to trail down the crease of your left hip, down to right below your pussy, sucking so close with my mouth that if you could only stretch down a little further, I would slip, and my tongue would be on your clit. But I don't slip. Instead, as you arch closer to my mouth, my tongue slides under the band of your right leg and touches, with just the tip, the inner moistness of your pussy. 

As my tongue slides from the bottom of your pussy, to the top in one smooth motion, the cool, sharp pressure of the object returns, this time slicing away the sides of your panties, leaving your pussy covered only in my tongue and the evening air. My hands slide up your waist, as my tongue stays, sucking and licking your clit, sliding into your darkness, and you feel the metal in my right hand, moments before it cuts viciously through the front of your bra, releasing your breasts to my hands. I drop the instrument between your feet and moan as my fingers slide from inside your pussy, into your ass, fucking you with your wetness, as the lubrication from my tongue begins to make you quiver, and the tugging and pulling of your nipples begin to burn against my fingers, clear down into your pussy and ass. As I ram my fingers in and out, in and out, in and out of your ass and flick your clit over, and over, and over with my tongue, you moan against the gag, twisting and pushing my fingers and face further into you, fucking you deeper, deeper, harder and harder, and harder against the fence that your groans and moaning becomes louder and louder as you get closer to coming. Then, as my fingers and tongue enter you again, pounding deep inside of you, stretching you, fucking you, you begin to come. You come moaning, twisting and struggling against my body, holding you up, continuing to fuck your ass, as you come, then cutting you down and pulling you against me, onto a blanket I'd left out for this very reason. 

As you calm down, I slowly unwind the silk from around your wrists and ankles and pull you closer to me, waiting till you're ready to remove the last restraints. 

I told you I'd fuck you senseless.