 Nickie was enjoying going dress shopping. She had found several cute and sexy dresses. She was looking through the racks of nighties when a girl walked up to her.

"Anything I can help you find?" the girl, whose name was Emily, asked.

"Nope," Nickie said with a smile. "But thanks."

"If you need anything, just holler," Emily said and walked away.

Nickie continued looking through the racks. She found a dress that would be perfect for Kaylee. It was a low-cut purple halter top with white flowers. Nickie closed her eyes and imagined Kaylee in it, wearing a sexy pair of heels with it. She picked it up off the rack; it was thirty dollars. It totally be worth it to see Kaylee in it. And it would give anyone a good view of Kaylee's amazing chest. Nickie took it and some other dresses back to the dressing room. She closed the door and began to try on dresses. She pulled the straps of her sun dress off her shoulders and let the dress fall to the floor. Then, because some of the dresses were strapless, Nickie unhooked her bra and let it fall to the floor. She put on the first dress, a strapless red floral print. She stepped out into the little hallway to look at it in the mirror. Out of the corner of her eye, Nickie noticed Emily glance over at her a couple times.

"It's nothing," Nickie told herself.

She went back into the dressing room. Next to go on was a green cami with a short black skirt, perfect for clubbing. She went out again and again, Emily was there, watching her. Nickie began to feel a little uncomfortable at first, but she shrugged it off. She returned to the dressing room and tried on a royal blue halter top dress. It ended just above the knee but had a sexy low-cut back. This and the red floral were Nickie's favorites of all the dresses she'd chosen. Nickie went out again to look at herself in the mirror. This time she saw, through the reflection in the mirror, Emily staring at her ass. Nickie began to wonder if Emily was a lesbian or bi-sexual. Nickie looked over in Emily's direction. Emily saw her and came over quickly.

"Can I help you?" Emily asked.

"Um, not to be rude," Nickie began. "But I've noticed you starting at me. Not that I mind all that much, it is kinda flattering."

Emily's face turned bright red.

"I'm so sorry," she said apologetically. "I have a bad habit of staring at beautiful women. My girlfriend and I broke up two and a half months ago, and I just can't keep my eyes to myself."

"It's okay," Nickie smiled. "I'm Nickie, by the way. I just wondered why you kept staring."

"Again, I'm sorry," Emily apologized.

"No worries. So, you said you had a girlfriend. Bi or lesbo?"

"Lesbian," Emily replied. "Yeah, came home one night and basically walked in on her taking a guy's dick up her ass."

"That sucks," Nickie said.

"Yeah," Emily said.

"So um, have you slept with anyone since?"

"Nah," Emily replied. "Haven't seen anyone pretty enough, til now."

Nickie got the hint. She looked longingly into Emily's blue eyes. Emily was attractive, no doubt about it. She stood five-five, average build, double-D chest, and blond hair to her shoulders. Nickie looked her up and down.

"Um, could you help me with a dress?" Nickie asked.

"Sure," Emily said.

Emily picked up her walkie-talkie and said, "This is Emily B. I'm helping a customer in the fitting room."

"Roger that," came a voice on the other end.

Nickie and Emily walked back into the changing room. Once the door was locked, Nickie wrapped her arms around Emily. Emily leaned in and kissed Nickie long and hard on the lips. The girls kissed passionately for several minutes. Then Nickie slid her tongue into Emily's mouth. Their tongues danced around each other, sending pleasure through the girls' bodies. Nickie reached down and unsnapped Emily's pants and pulled them down. Emily was wearing a pink thong underneath. Then Emily untied Nickie's dress; it fell silently to the floor. Emily looked at Nickie hot body longingly. Nickie removed her panties while Emily unhooked her pink bra and pulled her own panties off.

"Sit on the seat and spread your legs," Nickie said.

Emily did so, and Nickie dropped to her knees. Nickie saw how wet and swollen Emily's pussy was. She dove right in, licking Emily's pussy lips fast.

"Oh, fuck," Emily gasped.

Nickie licked her faster, moving to her entrance. She slid her tongue inside, tasting Emily's sweet juices. She couldn't wait to taste her cum. Nickie fucked Emily with her tongue, making Emily moan with pleasure. Emily grabbed Nickie's head and pushed it deeper into her crotch.

"Yes, just like that," Emily moaned. "I love getting tongue-fucked. It's gonna make me cum."

Nickie went in harder this time. Emily's head went back and she began to grind her pussy on Nickie's mouth. Nickie's tongue slid in deeper. Emily was on the verge of a very powerful orgasm. She bit down on her tongue to keep from screaming. Nickie reached up and began to rub Emily's clitoris. This sent Emily into a frenzy. A couple minutes later, Emily could no longer hold it. She moaned loudly as her pussy released. Her juices shot into Nickie's waiting mouth. Nickie swallowed it all, loving every drop. Emily lay there exhausted from the powerful orgasm. After recovering, she instructed Nickie to stand against the wall, facing her, and spread her legs. Nickie did so and Emily got on her knees. She wrapped her arms around Nickie's ass and stuck her tongue out. She began to gently lick Nickie's clit.

"Ohmigod," Nickie gasped. "Oh, shit that's good."

"You like?" Emily asked.

"Yes, very much," Nickie replied.

Emily continued to lick Nickie's pussy. She flicked her tongue all around Nickie's clit, eliciting moans and gasps. Nickie grabbed Emily's head and gently tugged her hair. Emily moaned as she moved down to Nickie's slit and licked it up and down. Nickie moaned louder. She was trying to be quiet, but it felt so good. She could tell Emily had done this several times. Emily began to suck Nickie's pussy.

"Oh, fuck," Nickie gasped. "I love that. Don't stop. Play with my clit, too."

Emily began to gently rub Nickie's clit with a finger while she sucked her pussy. Nickie's juices were dripping out now, flowing freely. Emily wanted to taste her cum so badly. She slid her tongue into Nickie. Nickie moaned Emily's name, telling her to go harder and deeper. Emily did so. Nickie was nearing orgasm. She wanted the climax to be special so she held out as long as she could. Emily continued tongue-fucking Nickie's wet pussy. Finally, Nickie couldn't take it anymore.

"Fuck, my cunt is gonna cum!" Nickie gasped. "Yes!"

Her pussy released and covered Emily's face in pussy juice. Emily licked up what she could. She pulled a tissue from her pocket and wiped her face off. As the girls put their clothes back on, Nickie asked if they could see each other again. And she told Emily about Matt and Kaylee.

"That's so fucking hot," Emily said. "I'd love to have a foursome sometime."

"We'd like that, too," Nickie said.

Nickie gave Emily her number and told her to call when she was free. She couldn't wait to see what Kaylee would do to her. As they left the dressing area, another associate walked up to Nickie.

"Was Emily able to help you today?"

Nickie looked over at her new lover and winked.

"Yes, Emily was VERY helpful."