 Spring break finally came. This school year was hectic and Gabby was ready for a break. She wanted to lie on the beach and have no one bother her the whole week. She had a room to herself, a great view, a pool, a hot tub and her favorite, the beach. She loved the sand between her toes. It was so soft running through her fingers. Her bags were unpacked, she had just eaten lunch down at the little restaurant in the hotel, and all that was left to do was relax. She grabbed her towel, sunglasses and lotion and headed to the waterfront. 

She picked the perfect spot, placed her towel down, sat down and started putting her lotion on. First, her long smooth tan legs, then her toned stomach and up to her arms and chest. "Great, how am I supposed to get this on my freaking back," she growled. The only bad part of vacationing alone was no friend to help her with her lotion. She struggled to try and reach around and smooth it on but it was a never ending battle. 

"Can I help you with that," a sweet voice said drawing closer to her. She turned around, and to her surprise there was a gorgeous blonde standing behind her. "It's not easy to do it yourself with lotion, do you mind?" she gestured at the lotion. "Thanks," she sheepishly replied. 

"By the way, my name's Lexi," as she extended her hand to greet Gabby. 

"I'm Gabby. "Where you from?" Gabby asked. 

"Greensboro, how about you?" said Lexi. 

"Well, I'm from Illinois originally but I'm going to school at UNC- Greensboro! How crazy is that, we're in the same town and we meet up here!" Gabby replied excitedly.

"Well, there's no better place to get over a relationship then to let the water wash it away." Lexi said, looking out into the water. 

"Oh, I'm sorry," Gabby said, wondering what went wrong. 

"Yeah, she found somebody new" Lexi paused, "I guess there are plenty of fish in the sea, huh?" She giggled at the joke she had just made. 

"She?" Gabby questioned. 

"Yeah, we were best friends and things just sort of happened, you know." Lexi stated.

"I'm so sorry to hear that. She's crazy to have left you, you're beautiful. That girl better have a lot of money because I don't think she'd beat you in the looks." Gabby was trying to build Lexi's confidence. 

Lexi just laughed a little before saying, "Her loss I guess?" with a shrug of the shoulders. "So where is your man?" She asked Gabby. 

"Oh, I don't have a man. I'm not really sure what I'm looking for. I've always kind of been curious about women and thought I'd find myself and what I really wanted when I left my old life back home." She said. 

"Were you able to figure it out here?" Lexi inquired. 

"Well, not exactly, you see, I haven't really had the chance and I'm a little shy, so I don't really initiate anything." Gabby answered.

"Look, I know we just met each other, but how about we hang out for a little while today and see how things go, if they go well, maybe things will just happen? What do you think of that?" She asked Gabby. 

"Well, I guess it won't hurt. It's always nice to have someone who knows what they are doing to talk to about it." Gabby replied excitedly. 

The day went on like any normal day between friends. There had been a few flattering comments made by each of the girls at some point or another but no contact, other than Lexi putting Gabby's lotion on her back. The girls talked about old friends and laughed about crazy things that had happened in life. They started getting hungry so they decided to go back to Gabby's hotel to get something to eat. The food was exquisite when Gabby ate for lunch. The girls talked over supper and were really enjoying each others company. By the time they had finished, it was nearly dark. The girls decided, nothing went better after supper than a nice soak in the hot tub. 

Steamy bubbles surrounded them. The water was so warm and relaxing. The girl talk was still going on. The two lost track of time, quickly. With a slight move here, or a change in position there, at one point or another, the girl's feet would softly touch. Gabby was really like Lexi. She was so glad she didn't spend this break alone. At least today had been enjoyable for her. "So what do you want your first time with a woman to be like?" Lexi asked Gabby with a grin. 

"Well, I want her to make the first move. I want her to come to me," she told Lexi. 

Lexi softly, in the most seductive voice you have ever heard, said "Uh huh" as she slid closer to Gabby. "Then what?" She asked. Gabby knew where this was going. Lexi was going to do everything Gabby asked. This was her big shot to get it right. She was going to live out her fantasy, step by step, moment by moment. 

"I want her to straddle my lap," she grinned. Lexi moved closer and moved one leg over top Gabby's lap and lowered herself, as she moved Gabby's hair out of the way and began kissing her neck. Teasing her neck with soft grasps with her teeth. "Mmmm, that feels nice. And I want her to run her hands through my hair, grabbing it gently as she does." Lexi was doing just that. The girls' pulse began to race. 

"And then?" hissed Lexi. 

"I want her to take my breasts in her hands and squeeze them firmly. Massage then with her hand, loving each inch of my breast." Lexi complied. Gabby pulled back a little. "Can we please finish on the beach? If we're doing it, I want to do it right!" She indicated. "On the beach, beneath the moonlight." She cued. She knew what she wanted and she wanted Lexi. The thrill of being with a total stranger excited her. 

The girls quickly got out of the hot tub and walked to the beach. There was no slowing them down. There pace, almost a full blown jog. The anticipation was exhilarating. The two barely had the blanket down and were back in each others arms. Lexi had Gabby's legs spread just enough to tease her waiting lips. She untied the top of Gabby's suit and pulled it off her firm breasts. She ran her fingers over them, teasing them slightly. She ran her mouth around Gabby's stunning breast, her tongue sliding over every inch. When her mouth satisfied with its progress, she moved down Gabby's toned stomach, which she had just admired, not so very long ago. She could feel Gabby's skin raised in small dots, as she was enjoying the movements of Lexi's tongue. 

"Please, touch me, touch me." Gabby whispered. Lexi still followed Gabby's wishes. She slid Gabby's bottoms off her hips to reveal a nicely trimmed strip that lead right to Gabby's treasure. She wasted no more time teasing Gabby's body with her kisses; she moved her hand right to its resting place, which was warm and inviting. Gabby moaned with gratification. Lexi explored each fold of Gabby's wet pussy with her fingers. With every inch Gabby moaned. Lexi decided to show her what a woman could do for her. She ran her fingers inside of Gabby's wet hole. Gabby could barely keep her breathe. Her face feeling tingly, her hands clinching the blanket beneath her, her back arching in a way that was intensifying the movements Lexi was making. 

Lexi kissed Gabby's lips and began running her tongue over Gabby's swollen clit. She could tell by Gabby's every move she wanted more. Lexi thrust her fingers in and out, in and out, in and out. She wanted to give Gabby the greatest pleasure in the world. She set her mouth to Gabby's clit and began sucking. Harder and harder with every second, flicking her tongue every chance she got. Gabby's voice grew louder and louder with pleasure. She was building up to her climax, to her point of eruption. Within seconds Gabby arched off the blanket, grabbing it in her hands as she lifted and screamed in shear delight as her juice spilled all over Lexi's mouth and the cold sand below them. 

It was a mind blowing scream that can only come from the ultimate satisfaction of the body, an orgasm. This was like no other orgasm Gabby had ever experienced. This left her weak, out of breath, tingling. She couldn't believe the fulfillment. She loved this feeling. She loved women. 

Gabby and Lexi lay on the beach for a few minutes until they decided to go back to the room. Lexi stayed with Gabby that night. They held each other close, soft, tender skin touching. The night turned to day and the girls were inseparable. After what the two had just shared, they didn't want to miss another opportunity like it. The days turned into the week. It was a pure week of sweet feminine pleasure. 

The girls are still together back in Greensboro. Now, renting an apartment together. Their neighbors get quite the listening pleasure every night from those two. The sweet seduction is more than most can stand. The girls never knew anyone heard them, in fact, I don't think they'd care. I know I wouldn't.