 Please note that all characters in this story are over the age of 18.

*****

Lisa was in her 3rd year at St. Angela's School for girls. The boarding house was always full of attractive girls in and out of the conservative, private school uniform. Lisa always had a curiosity for girls and often noticed her class mates getting undressed and taking showers, although she always tried not to look. She had only kissed boys before and not enjoyed it as much as the other girls seemed to. As she neared the end of her last semester at St. Angela's, she wondered more and more what it would be like to kiss and touch another woman. She had celebrated her 18th birthday the semester before and was becoming curious about sex and what she liked.

Lisa wasn't the best student at school but she was smart, smarter than any teacher had ever noticed. Her least favourite subject was accounting and her accounting teacher Miss Turner knew it. She always gave her a hard time and showed her more attention than anyone else in the class. 

On Thursday, period 6 the accounting class headed up the stairs to classroom 4d where the day would finish for everyone. Lisa could always hear the excitement of all the girls to wrap up the day. Halfway through the class, when everyone was tuning out and thinking about what was coming for the weekend, Miss Turner asked Lisa a question. Like most, she wasn't paying attention and answered the question incorrectly. Miss Turner came over to her desk and chewed her out. A little more aggressively than usual. "You know, maybe if you weren't so busy slutting around this school, you would be getting a better grade in my class!" 

Lisa had no idea what she was talking about and wondered why this teacher always had it in for her. 

"Sorry" she replied with her head down. 

Miss Turner leaned over her desk, Lisa could smell her perfume coming off her, it was a little intoxicating, she said: "don't let it happen again or the appropriate punishment will follow."

This kind of thing happened a lot, but for some reason Lisa felt a tingle between her legs this time. A sudden rush of excitement over being yelled at, over a possible punishment.

She had never noticed how attractive Miss Turner was before. Maybe because she was always trying to avoid being told off and trying to keep her head down. She was about 6 feet tall and had beautiful long legs. She always wore skirts that were exactly the required length and no longer. Sometimes when she sat on her desk to speak to the class you could see a little more of her legs and the shadows around her panties but never as far as what kind of underwear she had on. She had long blonde hair that was always tied back neatly and conservatively. She was about 30 and wore a lot of makeup, particularly around her eyes, making them pierce right into my soul whenever she yelled Lisa. She had a light tan and dark brown eyes, almost black. Lisa always assumed she worked out because she was in good shape from what you could see. Her butt always looked lifted and round under her tight skirts. She wasn't married but Lisa always wondered if she had a boyfriend. If she did he probably wasn't fucking her because she was always so angry at her and tightly wound. 

When Lisa got back to her dorm after class, she changed out of her uniform. She unbuttoned her shirt, unzipped her skirt and let everything fall to the floor standing in only her bra and panties. She let the cool breeze touch her milky white skin for a moment before grabbing a plain t-shirt and a pair of black jeans. When she was comfortable and relaxed, she sat down to do her homework. She always did her accounting homework first if she had any. Today she did. She pulled it from her book and looked over it. The first thing she noticed was the word 'slut' at the top of the page. Miss Turner couldn't have possibly written that...? Could she? She put it down to one of the other girls messing with her and forgot about it. 

Then next time Lisa saw Miss Turner was on Monday period 4, right before lunch. As the girls packed up their books to leave, Miss Turner called out for her to stay behind. She grabbed her stuff and made her way to the front of the classroom while the other students filed out of the room. When she was the only one left, Miss Turner looked down at her chest and stated "Lisa, I've been able to see your bra for the entire lesson. Why do you behave like such a slut?"

Lisa looked down and one of her buttons had fallen off her shirt exposing her red bra and the top of her breasts. 

"Sorry Miss. I didn't mean any disrespect."

"Sure you didn't." She replied. "If you want to come to my class looking like a whore then leave the bra off next lesson."

"What?" Lisa asked.

"On Thursday when you turn up to my class, no bra. I'll see you then." Miss turner dismissed and ushered Lisa out of the room before she could protest. 

Lisa was embarrassed and angry at Miss Turner but definitely a little turned on that one of her teachers had acknowledged her breasts and told her not to wear a bra. She wondered what this meant and if she would have the guts to go to her accounting class with unsupported tits.

The night before her next accounting lesson Lisa sat quietly thinking about what she would do while she sewed her button back onto her shirt. When she woke up in the morning she put on her white matching bra and panties and got dressed. She was worried about what would happen when she turned up to accounting. If Miss Turner would make a point of humiliating her in front of her classmates. As last period got closer and closer, she began to change her mind. Maybe she should ditch the bra and keep Miss Turner happy. Or was this a test? She couldn't decide. At the very last moment before she went in, she slipped into the bathroom and pulled her bra off through her shirt stuffing it into her book bag. She tried to blend into the crowd of girls as they entered the classroom and hoped that no one would notice she was naked under her shirt. 

When the class began Lisa couldn't help but notice how cold it was. Miss Turner had cranked the cold air up to mess with her. She looked down at her nipples and they were hard as rock! They were poking through her light blue shirt and she sat uncomfortably trying to hide them. When she looked up, she could see Miss Turner smirking at her. Lisa wondered if that was her imagination or her teacher was genuinely taunting her. In any case, it was exciting her a little bit and she felt slightly ashamed of the way she was starting to feel towards her teacher. 

"Right, hand in your homework girls." Said Miss Turner. 

Fuck! She hadn't done it! In all the madness of the last lesson, Lisa had forgotten to do her accounting homework and she pulled out the uncompleted pages. When Miss Turner came around to collect them from the girls, she got to Lisa and stared down at the empty front page.

Lisa was ready for the humiliation that was sure to follow but Miss Turner said nothing. She just quietly took the pages and got on with teaching the class. Lisa heard nothing from her all lesson. It was like she wasn't even there. 

When the class was over and everyone was packing their books away and leaving the room, Lisa thought she had dodged a bullet and she had kept Miss Turner happy by coming to class bra-less. "Lisa, stay back please" she heard over the top of all the hustle. Here we go! She thought as she wandered over to hear her lecture from her least favourite teacher.

When the room was empty Miss Turner instructed her to undo her blouse. "Are you serious?" Lisa questioned. "Yes, of course. I need to see if you followed my instructions."

Lisa hesitated... She undid her top two buttons and pulled her shirt open to reveal her shoulders. When Miss Turner had seen that there were no straps, she quickly pulled her shirt closed again and tried to hide her blushing face. 

"Uh" Miss Turner raised her hand to signal her to stop what she was doing.

"Show me them." she prompted.

"Show you what?" Lisa replied.

"Show me your breasts Lisa. I need to see that you followed my orders. Now get them out."

Lisa felt so much humiliation being told to bare her breasts to her teacher. But she did what she was told and pulled her shirt open to expose her beautiful, young tits.

Miss Turner grabbed her shirt and opened it right up, Lisa tried to stop her but was told her to put her hands behind her back and keep them there. She pulled her shirt down under her breasts. Lisa just stood there waiting for it all to be over. 

"Mmmm, very nice. Bigger than I thought." Stated Miss Turner as she stared at Lisa's freezing cold tits.

"Now bend down and put them on the table, keep your hands behind your back". Lisa obeyed her teacher and bent over the desk realising she was about to be punished for not completing her homework. She pressed her tits into the cold desk and felt a shiver go down her spine. Lisa had never been treated this way by a teacher before and she wondered what kind of trouble she could get in at her Catholic school for having her tits out in a classroom if anyone walked in. Maybe that was her plan all along, to get Lisa expelled.

She was starting to not care as she got more and more excited by the way she was being treated by an attractive female teacher. Her vagina was tingling a little and she could feel it moisten slightly. She had not experienced this many times and wondered if her arousal was obvious to Miss Turner. She hoped not as she would probably be punished even further. 

"Lift up your skirt." Miss Turner instructed. 

Lisa felt her face become even more red than before as she reached for the bottom of her uniform and lifted it up showing Miss Turner her white cotton panties and the bottom of her cute little ass cheeks. Lisa prayed that her teacher couldn't see the wet patch she had made on her underwear as she stayed face down on the desk. 

"Now pull down your underwear for me Lisa."

Now she was really turned on. Her vagina was throbbing in between her legs but she was so nervous. She slowly pushed her underwear down and showed Miss Turner her butt. The panties fell to her feet and she was standing there bent over in front of her teacher with her tits out, her ass bared and her sexy little pussy lips poking through. She was in a very compromising position to say the least. 

She could still feel her pussy getting wetter and wetter, hoping her teacher hadn't noticed. She was enjoying this way too much. 

"Now. I'm going to have to punish you for not doing your homework. You aren't going to tell anyone about this are you Lisa?"

"No." Lisa responded.

In the very next second she felt a hand slam down so hard on her exposed butt cheek, she let out a little scream of pain and pleasure. 

"What do you call me Lisa?"

"No Miss." Lisa said, in the most confident voice she could find.

"Good girl." Miss Turner replied happily.

She was really wet now. Her pussy was aching for attention and she was really hoping Miss Turner would touch her there. 

"You will receive a spanking from me every time I am not satisfied with your performance Lisa. For the rest of the year you will do what I tell you, when I tell you or you will receive an F for my class. Do you understand me, you little slut?"

"Yes Miss."

"Now, for not doing your homework you will receive 10 slaps on your pretty little ass."

Miss Turner began her punishment on her naked behind. She slapped her 6 times playfully without stopping. Lisa liked it. A lot. In anticipation for her last 4 spanks she felt the lubrication from her tight snatch drip down her leg. She held her breath and hoped that Miss Turner wouldn't notice how much she was loving this treatment. 

She felt a 7th, harder slap on her left cheek and let out another involuntary scream. 

"Don't act like you aren't enjoying this slut! You've got a wet pussy between your legs!" She said as she ran her finger up Lisa's inner thigh collecting her lady juice. 

8,9 and finally her last spank came down on her ass stinging her a little but encouraging her arousal more than anything else. 

"Now pull up your panties and get out my class whore" said Miss Turner as she went back to her seat behind her desk, leaving Lisa bash fully bending down to get her underwear off the floor with her tits still out and proud. She quickly buttoned her blouse and grabbed her books. She left the classroom with her head down feeling violated, dirty, horny and most of all, wet. Soaking wet! She had learned in sex ed that this was her body's way of getting ready for penile penetration. But she didn't want that. She wanted her teacher. 

Lisa thought about Miss Turner all weekend. What did this mean? Was she gay? Maybe she was but all she wanted to do was experiment with her sexy teacher and take instructions. She touched her pussy many times over the next few days. Constantly finding herself hot and bothered over her. 

For the next 2 weeks, Miss Turner left her alone. She didn't chastise her in class and never asked her to stay behind. It was a relief to Lisa but she was certainly disappointed that she had had no more sexual encounters or punishments. She fantasised about being bad for her teacher and doing dirty things on her desk.

She decided to take matters into her own hands and on Thursday right before period 6, she went into the bathroom and removed her underwear. She felt so free and excited at what might happen in class and after. As Miss Turner taught her class, Lisa could feel her naked pussy against her uniform. She had shaved it totally bare in anticipation for more time with her stunning teacher.

When the class was almost over and Miss Turner had not looked in her direction once she decided to get her attention. She raised her hand to ask a question that she already knew the answer to. While she was talking she lifted her skirt just enough and spread her legs a little, showing Miss Turner a quick glimpse of her sweet, young, innocent vagina. Knowing that her teacher had seen between her legs while the rest of the class had no idea was such a turn on. Her heart was racing! She packed up her things to leave hoping that she would hear from her teacher.

"Lisa. Stay back please."

This is it, Lisa thought. Her punishment awaited her as the rest of the class took off in a hurry. Eager to be free of their uniforms. 

Miss Turner started to strut over to her where Lisa waited at her desk, legs crossed. "What was that all about?" She asked Lisa. "What do you mean miss?" Lisa was trying so hard not to smile and show her excitement. 

"Flashing your cunt at me during class?" 

"Sorry Miss" Lisa responded. She could feel the now familiar feeling of her pussy lips lubing up with her cum. 

"I guess your due for another punishment then" she stated.

"Get up!" Lisa obeyed quickly rising from her seat.

"Now sit on the desk slut!" She pointed to the desk Lisa had been sitting at. 

Lisa sat down and looked at Miss Turner, staring at her beautiful body. 

Her teacher pulled some bondage tape from her desk and instructed Lisa to put her hands behind her back like last time. Lisa followed the orders she was given and had her hands tied together. She started to feel very vulnerable and very aware that she was pantyless. 

"Now spread your legs for me Lisa. Show me those pink lips you've been so desperate to get out for me."

Lisa obliged and opened her legs for her sexy teacher. Her school uniform was still covering her smooth vagina and Miss Turner leaned in and lifted it, exposing her hot, wet little hole. She gasped at the surprise and then smiled at her. "You're enjoying this way too much aren't you whore? We'll see how much you like it..."

Miss Turner took one of Lisa's ankles roughly, lifted it a little and taped it to the leg of the desk. She did the same with the other so that Lisa's legs were fixed there. Spread wide for her teacher and anyone else that should walk into the class room to see. She had nowhere to go. No way of escaping.

Miss Turner walked slowly over to her desk and took out a riding crop.

Shit. She was in trouble now. She began to panic a little. 

Her teacher leaned close to her face, she thought she would finally get that kiss she had been dreaming of. But Miss Turner efficiently unbuttoned her blouse with her long fingers, opened it and then pulled away, leaving her erect nipples exposed.

She sat there quietly, waiting for her punishment. Working herself up till her little lips were dripping. Miss Turner just stood there holding the whip looking at the teen's naked parts, taking it all in. 

"Do you like exposing yourself to me Lisa?"

"Yes Miss. I enjoy being yours."

"Good girl."

She was now flicking Lisa's breasts with the leather. Lightly slapping her hard nipples. She gasped and moaned a little every time she took a little hit to her tits. She was loving being tied down and helpless, not knowing what was coming next. 

Miss Turner reached out with her whip and placed it right in the middle of Lisa's exposed sex. The leather became wet with Lisa's warm, sticky girl cum. Without warning, Miss Turner brought it down on her and whipped her pussy. Not hard enough to really hurt. But hard enough to make her jump a little and moan loudly. Lisa's little clit took the hit well and swelled up with sexual arousal. 

"That's a pretty little clit you've got between your legs Lisa. Do you play with it a lot?" Miss Turner now had the crop up under Lisa's chin. Lifting her face so she would have to look at her teacher when she spoke.

"Yes Miss. I sometimes touch myself and think of you."

"Good girl Lisa. This makes me very happy." Her teacher gave her a few light slaps on the pussy with her whip and then moved in closer till she was breathing in Lisa's ear. She placed her hand on her beautiful young flesh and slid it up her thigh, slowly, making her way closer and closer to her throbbing pussy. She placed two fingers on her clit and lightly massaged her little nub. Lisa moaned in pleasure. No one had ever touched her there before. It felt amazing. So much different from the way she touched herself. 

Miss Turner kept playing gently with Lisa's clitoris, bringing her dangerously close to orgasm. "Slow down baby, you'll come when I say you can ok?"

"Yes Miss."

Miss Turner stopped and pulled away from Lisa just before climax leaving her feeling cheated. 

"Miss?" Lisa pleaded.

"Yes Lisa?"

"Please?"

"Please what my little slut?"

"Please let me cum."

"Ok baby, since you asked so nicely."

Miss Turner slid her middle finger up Lisa's wet slit and it disappeared between her cute little lips. 

Lisa cried out in pleasure as Miss Turner stroked her G spot. She had never felt this before.

"You like that baby?"

"Yes Miss"

"Do you like having your pussy fingered by other girls?"

"Yes Miss"

"Are you a lesbian Lisa?"

"Yes Miss"

"Good girl. Good little lesbian slut.

Would you like to come now my little whore?"

"Yes Miss! Please fuck me harder!"

Lisa could feel her teacher's long finger pumping her little pussy as she neared her orgasm.

"Yes... You like having girls finger your little cunt don't you? Filthy lesbian snatch licker you are Lisa. You dirty little whore showing me your tits. Cum all over my fingers you slutty little bitch. Cum hard for me. CUM! NOW!" Lisa's body erupted in the longest and most exhilarating orgasm she had ever had. "Good girl," Miss Turner kissed her on the cheek, pulled her fingers from Lisa's sopping wet vagina and walked out of the room. Leaving her to break free on her own in a puddle of wetness, covering the desk and her clothes. 

She broke free from the tape holding her hands and feet, pulled her clothes back on the best she could and hurried back to the dorms to take a shower enjoying the cool night air on her hot skin with a smile on her face.
