 Chapter 7 -- Opportunities to cum

Jenny and Sarah visited Ms Lacey, their English teacher, on the afternoon of the first day of the school term. They visited because they were to receive punishment... which consisted of them being tied up and teased and denied mercilessly while watching said teacher "reward" another student.

When the visit was over, Ms Lacey sent the two friends, as well as Rose, out into the night, holding most of their clothes instead of wearing them. The two roommates ran all the way back to their cozy room to finish some frustratingly unfinished business. 

The two girls burst in through the door, barely pausing to open it and lock it behind them. Then they raced to their respective beds, fell back and continued what their earlier adventure had started.

Sarah was so horny that her slight shyness was totally forgotten; she simply laid back and started tugging her nipples with one hand. Her free hand quickly slid down to her dripping wet pussy, pulled down her tiny white panties and started rubbing her clit with frantic haste.

Jenny lay back on her bed with her legs hanging, widespread, over the side. Her right hand flew to her sopping wet snatch, barely pausing to jerk her lacy white thong down to her knees, and three fingers plunged effortlessly into her slick depths, then pumped in and out, squelching audibly.

The brunette's hand toyed lightly with her breasts, then moved hesitantly downwards. It crept down, past her bellybutton, past her pubic mound. It nudged her clit and hesitated, then slid even further, along her left labia. At last it hovered uncertainly above her puckered rear hole. Jenny wanted to go on, but was afraid of what Sarah would think.

Moments later, she had decided; her forefinger moved in and slid along the crinkled brown ring. Then Sarah looked over. Jenny froze, holding her breath. The blond girl gasped, and her roommate despaired, feeling the coming rejection.

Instead of proclaiming her disgust, Sarah started rubbing faster and mauling her full breasts with savage passion. Jenny moaned in surprise at her roommate's reaction. She had expected disgust, like the last and only time someone saw her like this...

The fire in the squirming brunette was building up to an urgent volcano. She shoved one finger into her ass, moaning at the mingled pleasure and pain. The finger started pumping in and out, then another finger joined it. 

The fingers in Jenny's nether hole twirled, wriggled and pumped in time with the fingers in her pussy. Her thumb slid onto her clit and started massaging the sweet pleasure nub.

All of a sudden the squirming moaning brunette felt something give way and allow the thunderous orgasm to flood through her body. In her incoherent, delirious state, she barely noticed the loud moans that indicated that Sarah was cumming at the same time.

"Jenny?" Sarah asked softly, hesitantly. Jenny glanced over. Her roommate wasn't looking at her. Was she ashamed, or afraid?

"Yes?" Jenny replied, and cringed. Now came the rejection. It would be that first time all over again...

"I'm still a little..." the blond girl admitted, turning to look at her roommate, "Still a little horny." Then she blushed cutely and looked quickly away. Jenny was surprised. Where was the condemnation for her shameful actions with her ass?

"And?" Jenny asked, wondering why her roommate had shared the fact, "Are you asking my permission to go on or something?"

Sarah could barely look her friend in the eyes as she asked, "Could you maybe, help me get off?" Jenny was speechless. "It's more satisfying that way," Sarah explained hurriedly. Her face was crimson with embarrassment.

"But I'm not... I don't... I'm not lesbian!" exclaimed Jenny, still stunned at what was happening.

"Neither am I," replied her friend, "But it's more satisfying if someone else helps. And I so need... never mind." The blond girl got up, but just as she was about to slip away into the bathroom, Jenny spoke.

"Wait," she said, "I think I understand. It's kind of the same for me, but I didn't think... If you don't want something more than friendship and some help, I'm okay with it. To tell the truth, I'm a little unsatisfied myself."

Sarah smiled joyously. Her friend had agreed after all! She seated her self on Jennifer's bed. She was looking forward to feeling someone else's fingers between her legs again.

Jenny reached out to her friend's crotch. It was weird but sort of exciting. Her finger slipped down the mound, through the pubic hair, which was trimmed down to a neat little upside down triangle, and finally reached her friend's wet pussy.

Sarah moaned as her roommate's fingers slipped between her soft, wet labia. First one, then two, then three gentle digits wormed their way into her depths. They wriggled and twisted and flexed inside the moist tunnel, driving Sarah to new heights of arousal.

The blond girl moaned and lay back, helpless to stop the flood of arousal streaming out from her crotch. It was so deliciously naughty to have someone else's hand there. The fact that that hand belonged to a girl just made it even naughtier.

"Oh! Don't stop! Don't stop!" Sarah moaned breathlessly, "Just keep going, please! I'm getting close!" Jenny hadn't even considered stopping. She might not be a lesbian, but the whole thing was still pretty hot.

When Jenny pushed another finger in, while massaging her friend's clit with her thumb, Sarah came. The orgasming girl writhed around like an eel, moaning as her climax washed through her, wiping away her thoughts and worries.

Jenny was about to pull away when her roommate stopped her. "Please don't stop yet," begged the blond girl breathlessly, "I just need one more... Please!"

'She's a horny little girl alright,' Jenny thought, 'She's not satisfied with two orgasms, she asks for another. Oh well, I don't mind obliging her in the least.'

Jenny started moving her fingers again, wiggling the ones buried in her roommate's slit and tapping her friend's clit rhythmically with her thumb. Her other hand snaked its way down to her own bare, wet pussy. Her panties were still lying on her bed.

"Jenny?" Sarah asked shyly, "Could you maybe, you know? Do what you did, do the same for me? You don't have to if you don't want to, but I wondered how it feels..." The girl's face was crimson with embarrassment, but she forced herself to look her roommate in the eye.

"You mean this?" Jenny asked, surprised, and slid the forefinger of her left hand over her friend's rear hole, while keeping the fingers of her right hand moving in the girl's dripping wet pussy.

"Yessss!" Sarah hissed in pleasure, "Oooh, it's even better than it looks!" She writhed and squirmed and arched her back, but was careful to keep within reach of those exquisitely pleasurable fingers.

Jenny used every trick she had discovered while pleasuring herself to drive her roommate to greater pleasure. Fingers were thrusting in both holes, a thumb was tapping a clit and it was all catapulting Sarah to her inevitable release.

Sarah knew she was all the way there when a tidal wave of pleasure started rolling up from her toes. "I'm going tooooo..." she exclaimed, wriggling and humping against the fingers that had driven her over the edge.

The cumming girl's holes clamped down so hard that Jenny's fingers were almost injured. It took half a minute for the climax to pass, and the aftershocks lasted for another whole minute.

The atmosphere was tense and awkward when the climax was over. Neither of the girls knew what to say. Then Jenny had an idea.

"How about you return the favor?" she asked her roommate. Sarah nodded, not trusting her voice after her earth-shaking orgasm. By unspoken consent, they moved quickly and silently over to the other bed.

The silence was getting uncomfortable, but was soon dispelled by Jenny's moaning when her roommate started stroking her mound and sensitive pussy lips. 

Both the show at Ms Lacey's house and her own self-pleasuring had induced the brown-haired girl's pussy into a tender, dripping-wet state. Pleasuring Sarah had kept her good and aroused, and now her friend was exploring her mound, clit and labia. Girl-juice was almost streaming out between her puffy outer labia.

Sarah decided to skip to the good part; her friend was already primed. Three of her fingers slipped easily between her roommate's pussy lips, and two from her other hand slipped into the girl's ass after she rubbed them in Jenny's cum to moisten them.

Jenny bucked and moaned. She was already seeing stars, and had to suppress a scream of pleasure. Her roommate had jumped in and gotten right down to work.

Sarah was wiggling her fingers inside her friend and massaging her clit roughly with a thumb. The blond girl's little finger and left thumb were stroking her roommate's perineum, between her pussy and asshole, while three fingers pumped into the latter.

The blond girl could do nothing but lie back and be ravished. Her roommate had jumped in and pushed her almost all the way to the edge of orgasm. Barely a minute after she started, Sarah drove her friend over the edge. Jenny squirmed, squealed and clamped down hard on her roommate's fingers.

Sarah, however, was not finished. She kept on stimulating her friend right through her climax, then sped up afterwards.

"Wow!" exclaimed Jenny, "Hey Sarah, I've come! I've come!" She shifted to try and escape the agonizingly pleasurable fingers, but her orgasm had tired her out.

"I owe you one!" Sarah explained, and kept right on pumping. She tried to put another finger into her friend's ass, but it was just a bit too tight. All the fingers on the blond girl's right hand, except for the thumb, were pumping roughly in and out of Jenny's pussy. Sarah's thumb roughly rubbed her friend's tender clit.

Jennifer was writhing in agony and ecstasy. Her friend's fingers were coaxing so much pleasure from her sensitive pussy, clit and asshole that the pleasure became sweet agony.

It was barely a minute later when Jenny climaxed. But to her it felt like an eternity. Her whole mind was focused on three things: her asshole, pussy and clit. It seemed to her that they were on fire, giving off glowing waves of pleasure, yet painfully burning at the same time.

Sarah bent down and blew on her friend's clit, and Jenny came. She was wracked with spasms of near unendurable pleasure and exquisite pain, and she loved both.

A whole minute later, Jenny sagged limply onto the bed. There was a silence between them, but it was not really uncomfortable. They both realized that they were far too tired and content to discuss the matter, so they shed their clothes and slipped into the bed and went to sleep.

It was only the next morning that they realized that they had slept together, in the Sarah's bed.

Chapter 8 -- The morning after

The next morning was slightly awkward, but not unbearably so. The woke up early, and then blushed when the realized that they were cuddling together, naked, in Sarah's bed.

They quickly prepared for school, and had half an hour to spare before assembly and breakfast. They sat down, silently, on their own beds. After a minute, Jenny asked, "What does last night mean for us?"

Sarah sighed, "When I first realized that I can enjoy... being intimate... with another woman, I spent days asking and trying to answer those questions. I'll tell you the best answers I could come up with."

"I don't really have romantic feelings for women," she continued, "and I figured that, since I simply enjoy... you know... being with women, and I'm not looking for a relationship, I don't consider myself a lesbian. Not even really bi."

"What about us?" asked Jenny, "No offense, but I don't really want us to be a couple or anything.."

"None taken, I think pretty much the same," replied the blond girl, "If being friends with benefits is fine with you, it's fine with me."

"Sound good," her roommate agreed, "friends with benefits it is then."

The two girls chatted for a while longer about various small matters, whiling away the time. Unfortunately, they got so caught up in their conversation, that they were a few minutes late for assembly.

They ran to the hall, but were just too late. Ms Emelia Albrecht, their Manufacturing teacher, stopped them when they tried to enter the hall.

"Assembly started two minutes ago," the short teacher said, her summer-sky-blue eyes bearing a slightly frosty expression. "Your punishment will be three credits, to be done by next week."

She then indicated that they should be silent, enter the hall and sit on the nearest open chairs. The two girls sat down in a slight daze. They had not expected to experience the credit system so personally so soon in the year.

After breakfast they had an open period, which they used to find out how they were going to work off their three-credit punishment debt. They went to the library since the head librarian was also the mistress of credit; she administrated the system, ensuring its smooth operation.

"The credit system is done entirely on the school's computer network these days," Ms Thalia Muerva explained, "It used to be a set of books, but this is much more efficient." 

"Go to one of the student computers in the school, they have green stickers on the mouse and computer box, and log into your account by placing your finger on the fingerprint reader," Ms Muerva directed, "Select the credit program, the scales icon."

"You will see a list of possible things to do, with their credit values," the librarian continued, "Double click on one to view more details. When looking at the details, press the button labeled 'Accept' and place your finger on the sensor to confirm that you will do that activity."

"Thank you, ma'am," said Jenny on behalf of herself and Sarah, "We will do that right away."

"Just keep in mind that you have to show up if you choose an activity!" warned Ms Muerva, "If you accept an activity and you do not show up for it, you will have credits deducted from your account!"

"Yes ma'am," Sarah replied, "Thank you for the advice." The two girls quickly found two student computers in the library, and logged in. They were astounded at the amount and variety of the choices that were available when they opened the credit program. 

The choices ranged from a light spanking to a public caning with a vibrator embedded in both lower orifices, from eating lunch in handcuffs to wearing nothing but a clit clamp for an entire school day.

The two girls were overwhelmed by the wide array of choices, and had difficulty deciding on what they would do. At last, just before the period ended, they hurriedly decided what they would do; they opted to be garden statues for two hours.

The activity sounded simple; they would be tied to a frame on a pedestal in the gardens and left there for two hours, passing students would not be allowed to touch them, teachers could only touch with two fingers, and only for thirty seconds every half-hour.

There seemed to be only one small catch: 'Without props' was listed as 2 credits, while 'Minimal props' was worth 4 credits and 'Full props' were worth 6 credits. Several of the photos showed people cradling amphorae, holding cupid bows and various other things. The girls assumed that these were the 'props'.

They agreed to do it that very afternoon, since extra-mural activities would start the next evening and they might want to be at one trial or another. 

Their next period was maths, which Jenny was silently dreading. She disliked the girl who sat next to her and they had already gotten each other into trouble once. How would the second day go?

***************************

Hello readers, thanks for reading this story. Please send me feedback, especially if you like the story or have suggestions. Thanks to Anann, who is my editor, experimental audience and adviser.