 Stephanie was the last person I expected to see. I was actually glad to see her though. Her sudden flight from my room had left me with unanswered questions. Then too there were things I wanted to say. But all I could think of at the moment was "Come on in."

"You sure Squeeks?"

"Yeah, come in." I replied. "I was hoping to get to talk..."

"Me too."

Steph dropped her backpack next to my bed and sat down. She took a deep breath and began.

"Look Squeeks, I owe you a huge apology for running out like I did. I shouldn't have done it. But I, well... I was afraid if word got out that I was a lesbian, well, it would reach my family and see, I hadn't told them yet."

"Well that makes sense, I kinda figured it was fear of a scandal..." I said. "But I thought it was about the basketball team."

"Nah, they don't care, most of them are bi anyways."

"So what happened?"

"I decided this morning to call and talk to my sister. And when I told her I was a lesbian, she said they all guessed it ages ago and simply were wondering when I would come out!"

"Wow! So everything's cool?"

"Yeah, I'm just hoping I didn't ruin things with you and your roomie."

"Uh... about that... Well things between us are fine, but our our relationship has changed." 

I walked over and tapped on the bathroom door, "Barb can you step out here please?"

"Sure thing..." 

Barb came out and was startled to find Stephanie there.

"Barb, this is Steph; Steph, Barb. Steph came back to apologize for running off like that."

"Yeah, I didn't want my family to find out through rumor before I came out.." She said. "Sorry, that was still kinda chicken shit behavior."

"Well I guess you told them?" Barb asked.

"Called my sister, turns out they knew."

"So you've come back for Pam? To pick up where you left off?"

"No." Steph answered. "To ask forgiveness and to see if it is going to be possible to see her once in awhile." She eyed Barb. "But from this line of questioning I'm going to assume that you've laid claim to her."

"I am more than Pam's roommate, I am her best friend and yes, now her lover."

Steph looked at me and dropped her eyes. "I guess that's only fair." she said and stood up. I stood in front of her.

"Where do you think you're going?" I asked. Steph stared at me, confused. I pointed at my bed. "Sit back down." I looked at Barb and pointed. "You too. Go on, sit beside her." Slowly they complied. I paced the small room for a minute collecting my thoughts.

"Okay you both have been civil but you have not asked me what I want or how I feel. So, here goes. Steph you are so sexy and you have awakened me. I was thrilled to make love to you and yes, I would like to again. But Barb summed it up well. She has been my best friend for a long time and roomie too. After you left we made out and she is my lover. But Barb, you heard Steph. She isn't looking to steal me, she just wants to make out once in awhile. And since this is all brand new to me, I think I might like that. But I don't want to hurt anyone's feelings either. So what I'm asking is this: we're going to admit that we are too young for a serious, long term relationship. We all want the same thing, to get and give an orgasm or two. So why not try it?"

Barb and Steph sat quietly for a moment, then looked at each other and shrugged.

"She's right you know," Steph said. "I'm not gonna try and steal her. I know you guys are close."

"Yeah, well she's right about something else too, you are very sexy and I am kinda jealous."

They smiled at each other and then leaned in and kissed! Oh my god it was so unexpected that it stunned me! I stood there with my mouth hanging open for a minute. And it was a sexy kiss too. Their mouths moving and heads tilting first one way and then the other. Then the broke the kiss and slowly turned to look at me.

"Come here." Barb said and patted her lap. 

I sat in her lap and we took turns kissing and caressing each other. Very quickly I worked to undo Barb's blouse and Steph helped me to peel it off of her. Her smile broadened at the sight of Barb's massive boobs straining her Emerald green bra. I leaned forward and kissed Steph and at the same time tugged her jersy up. Barb and I then lifted it off over her head. Steph was wearing a nice demi cup bra in pink with black lace. 

"Oh, I love it!" I exclaimed.

"I wore it for you." Steph replied. "I was hoping I'd get to show it to you."

I raised my hands and the two of them lifted my shirt off. Of course I had no bra on. We sat there and kissed for a long time. I loved tasting one mouth and then the other, feeling one kissing my neck or ear while the other teased my tongue with theirs. And oh how I loved having the each caress my breasts! Barb played with my left nipple while Steph toyed with my right. They giggled and talked about my puffies and it made me feel so good. They turned me slightly and then each took that nipple into their mouths. Wow! What a rush! These two girls sucking on MY tits! Holy cow! I ran my fingers through their hair and sighed.

After a bit I reached around and unhooked Barb's bra. "Wait till you see these!" I told Steph. "They are awesome! So big and soft!"

Steph played with Barb's boobs, squeezing and hefting them. "Wow they're so heavy!" She bent forward and kissed them, her lips gliding over Barb's skin, stopping now and them to kiss her again, and again. The whole time her hands were cupping those tits and her thumbs were teasing the nipples. 

Barb's face was clearly displaying her joy and excitement. She was smiling broadly and her breathing was getting faster. I took a handful of her hair and tilted her head back, my right hand cupping her chin. I kissed her. I kissed her with all the passion I could muster. I kissed her deeply and fervently. My mouth trying to be everywhere on hers. Her upper lip, lower lip, her tongue darted out to tease me, and she smiled. 

As we kissed Barb had her arms around my waist. Now I felt Steph's hand caressing my stocking clad legs. 

"This is nice," she said as her hand slid up under my skirt. When she reached my bare pussy her mouth flew open. "Oh my god! Commando?"

"Yup!" I answered. "Barb insisted."

"Wait, you, little innocent Squeeks, went out like this?"

'Yeah!" I laughed. "And it was fun! It felt good, weird but good."

Steph toyed with my pussy and I could feel the thrill of desire building inside of me. How I longed to feel her mouth on my pussy! I sighed and shifted my legs further apart. Barb had other ideas though and turned me in her lap until I had my back to her. She reached around and played with my tits. I laid my head back onto her shoulder and she kissed my ear and the side of my face. Steph got on the floor in front of us and I lifted up slightly as she pushed my skirt higher. Soon I felt her lips on my inner thighs and finally on my pussy. I moaned and quivered involuntarily.

Honestly, Barb's lips kissing my ear, cheek and neck were as arousing as Steph's pussy worship. I closed my eyes and mentally pictured the scene like an out of body experience. I couldn't believe that these two beautiful girls were pleasuring me! I wanted to return the attention, I wanted to kiss them, taste their pussys so badly! Instead I surrendered myself to them, relaxing my body and allowing them to do as they pleased. My hands were up over my head, reaching back to play with Barb's chocolaty waves. She sighed and whispered in my ear,

"We are going to have so much fun... 

Steph lifted my legs and settled them over her shoulders. She went from licking my slit a few times to teasing my vagina, her tongue slipping in and out. Then she would lick the length of my slit a few more times before running her tongue around my clit six or seven times. Holy cow that was amazing! And the whole time her hands were caressing my legs from my knees to my hips. Lost in this bliss, I had no idea how much time might have passed but I became aware of Steph fingering me. Her mouth was sucking on my clit and my orgasm was suddenly flooding me with ecstasy! I groaned out my pleasure. 

Steph stood up and dropped her shorts. She was wearing panties to match her bra, pink with black lace. She then leaned forward and from two inches away I watcher her kiss Barb, and I could smell my scent on her wet face.

"Tastes good, doesn't it?" she said and Barb laughed and kissed her again. I sat up and we shared or tried to share a three-way kiss. Steph looked deep into Barb's eyes, "You're next."

I slid off of Barb's lap and she stood and dropped her black denim skirt. I was surprised to find she was commando too!

"Hey! What happened to the matching panties?" I asked.

"I took them off in the restroom at the student union. I wanted to see your face when you discovered it." Barb replied as she laid down on the bed. Steph went for her pussy at once and Barb smiled at me. "Come give me your sweet pussy Pam."

I straddled her head and watched Steph working Barb's pussy. God it was so hot to watch! I had really enjoyed being eaten, and tried to pay close attention to what Steph was doing, but, damn it was so hot! Finally I could stand it no longer and I tugged gently on her hair to make her look at me, and kissed her. To taste Barb's juice on Steph's lips was amazingly erotic. We repeated this over and over. Steph would work Barb's pussy until her mouth was covered in the wetness and then she and I would kiss. Then after one kiss, Steph pushed my face into Barb's pussy. I lapped at her wet slit and toyed with her clit for a few minutes, then Steph lifted my face and kissed me. After that we took turns pleasing Barb and kissing each other. 

A little while later Steph started fingering Barb as I sucked on her clit and teased it with my tongue. I felt Barb's tongue pause and she started moaning. Steph was using three fingers and the wet slurping sounds were loud and arousing. I felt Barb's panting breath on my wet pussy and very soon she was coming. I pulled Steph's fingers from Barb's pussy and sucked them clean. 

We stripped off our remaining clothes and lounged together for a while basking in the afterglow and caressing each other. After a bit, Steph reached into her backpack and pulled out a dildo... A dildo with straps. 

"Here Squeeks, try this on and do me." she said.

I looked it over. It was a really nice dildo that was made of synthetic flesh and (apparently) very anatomically correct. It was probably about eight or nine inches long and not too rigid. The really neat thing was that there was another slightly smaller curved dildo on the inside.. I realized that this was supposed to enter me and pleasure my pussy as I used it. It was also battery powered and vibrated when she turned it on. I grinned and looked at Steph.

"So you want me to..."

"Fuck me Squeeks."

Barb helped me to put it on and adjust the straps. As I inserted the smaller sized dildo into my pussy, I gasped. I'd never had anything bigger than a tampon inside of me before. But I looked at Steph lying there with her legs spread and knew I wanted to do this. I moved closer and mounted her. I held the dildo and guided it into her wet pussy and tried to push. 

"Easy!" Steph said. "Take it slow, in a little and back out a bit, then in some more."

I did, and slid in a little deeper with each thrust. This was weird but fun and I was grinning. Barb was kneeling next to the bed and coaching me, caressing the two of us. After a few minutes of stroking, Barb reached for the base of the dildo and turned it on.

"Oh my god!" I exclaimed as the insert trembled inside of me. Distracted, I had ceased stroking but Steph grabbed my head and pulled me down to her. 

Looking into my eyes she begged me, "Fuck me Squeeks, please!" 

Well hell, Of course I did! Soon I was soaked in sweat and Steph's pussy was oozing love juice all over the toy and the smell was driving me nuts! I wanted to stop and eat her so bad! I had no clue how this was going to end but I knew I wasn't going to stop until I came or passed out or both. I grabbed a handful of Barb's hair and pushed her toward Steph. "Suck her tits!" I ordered.

Barb sucked and licked and squeezed them both for a few minutes and spent some time kissing passionately. Then she did something I didn't expect... Barb straddled Steph on her hands and knees, looked over her shoulder at me and begged me, "Fuck me too Squeeks? Please?"

I kept on fucking Steph though. Instead I started fingering Barb's pussy. Only when she was so wet that she was almost dripping did I pull the dildo out of Steph and shove it into Barb.

"Gaaawwddd!" she cried out as I started pounding her pussy.

Steph was busy sucking one of Barb's big tits, and rubbing her own pussy. For the next 20 minutes or so, I fucked them both, switching from one pussy to the next. I was forced to slow down my pace but I was determined to keep going. I wasn't going to be the first girl to drop out but actually found myself wondering how long I could last. 

After I pulled out of Barb and shoved it back into Steph again, Barb stood up and turned around to go 69 on top of Steph. "Sweet!" Steph called out as Barb lowered her dripping pussy onto her face. Then Barb urged me to lean back a bit and started licking Steph's pussy as I stroked the now hot dildo in and out. Then from deep beneath Barb I heard Steph cry out, "I'm cuummmmminggggg!" The next thing I knew Barb rose up and took my head in her hands and kissed me. Deep and oh so hungry and her tongue probed my mouth and oh it tasted of Steph's pussy and suddenly I was in the throws of my own orgasm! I felt myself going over the edge and falling into the depths of a full body, head to toe orgasm. I was surprised by the intensity and the loss of control. I found myself on my back on the floor with Barb on top of me still kissing me as Steph was removing the strap-on. I was trembling and still felt light headed after several minutes.

Barb helped me into bed and Steph brought me a drink and a cool wet cloth for my face. After a few minutes I fell asleep wrapped in Barb's arms, my head on her soft breast, with Steph curled up, her head in my lap. And you know what? It felt great!