 Saturday morning dawned and I was pleased to find that Barb and I were still naked in her bed. So, I hadn't dreamed it. I truly had experienced my sexual awakening. Yesterday's events replayed in my mind and I marveled at how quickly it had happened. Even though Stephanie's embarrassed flight from my bed had hurt, I had to admit that she had every right to feel embarrassed when Barb walked in on us. Hell she was a well known face on campus, a starter on the basketball team and I knew what a scandal could do to her. (No I didn't realize how accepted Lesbianism had become...)

 Barb shifted slightly and I came back to the present. She lay on her back and I was on my side next to her. My head was resting against one huge, soft breast. The best kind of pillow, I thought. Her arm was around me and I had one leg thrown up over hers. It felt awesome. To be cradled by my best friend and now lover... Her skin was so soft, smooth, and warm. Her ample flesh was so comfortable and inviting. I wanted to kiss her all over, explore every inch of her and... and yet, I couldn't. 

 Something held me in check. A deeply seated sense of propriety. Even though we had made love last night, I felt that I could not just assume that her body was available to me, to be used whenever I wanted. She had to want me. How much I craved her, how badly I might want to come, or make her come, had less weight, was less important than our continued friendship. I thought about that. Yes, I wanted more sex with Barb. But not at the expense of our friendship. I remembered Mom telling me that the secret of a successful relationship was to marry your best friend. "Sex with anyone might be incredible,that one time. But a steady diet of sex with your best friend is better. He will learn how to please you, how to anticipate your desires and the sex will be great. It will be a roller coaster ride, some days up and some days down but always enjoyable..." I smiled, what would my parents think if they knew about my adventures? 

 It was weird that my straight, conservative parents had never discussed lesbian issues. When Mom had discussed sex with me, it had always been about straight, hetero sex. She had never even mentioned lesbianism. I knew almost nothing about lesbian sex until yesterday... Hell even now, what did I really know? I had made love to two girls and all I truly knew was that I liked pussys and orgasms. Oh and pussy juice was good too! I guess the thrill of what had been taboo was a big factor as well. 

 Barb was waking and I rose up to kiss her. She smiled and held me and we just kissed for a while. No tongues or groping hands. Just small talk and gentle kisses. And I loved it. This was good, this felt natural to me. After a bit though Barb gently pushed me away.

"Girl we smell, and no offense but you got pussy breath real bad!"

We laughed and I pretended to be hurt. Barb caught me up in her arms and buried my face in her boobs and hugged me tightly.

 The fridge held only some soda, we stood naked gazing out the window as we ate granola bars and drank Mountain Dew. Using hot washcloths we gave each other a sponge bath and debated how to spend the day.

"Pam, do you have a dildo or vibrator" she asked.

"Uh... no, nothing like that!" I replied. "Why? Do you?"

"Well I did have a small vibrator but it died a couple of weeks ago. I was thinking about going to an adult shop and getting another. It would be fun to take you, I'll bet you've never been in one!"

"No bet, I've never even thought about it. Besides I'm just eighteen, I wouldn't have been able to get in."

"Oh shit, that's right! But you can now, besides, it's a college town, they probably don't even check IDs." she was getting excited. "We should go to Faye's Fantasy Shop over on 9th. I hear they have a huge selection! God this gonna be so much fun!"

"Okay, sure! Let's do it, but we need to hit the grocery store on the way back, we are out of everything." I replied. "Oh and what should I wear?"

 Barb said that she and I were to put on shorts and T-shirts, she again insisted I go braless. Honestly I was enjoying it. My puffies and erect nipples had been cooped up far too long and to add a little extra thrill Barb had selected an older pair of denim shorts for me, then she took scissors and cut them off much, much shorter. She rummaged through my closet and chose the smallest T-shirt I owned, then she cut the bottom off to bare my midriff. It wasn't a lot of bare tummy, but even a few inches felt pretty daring for me. She put on a similar outfit: short denim shorts (hers were faded to a very pale light blue), and a snug fitting T-shirt. I started to put my hair up in a tail but she suggested that I wear it down.

 "You do look cute with a bouncy ponytail, but you look more mature with it down."

"Yeah, right" I scoffed. But inwardly I was pleased that she was taking an interest is how I looked.

 I had no idea there was such a thing as an Adult Super Store, but Faye's was it. They had one section for videos and magazines, another for sex toys, a novelty and games section, and a clothing section that was both large and (I would discover) diverse. We went straight to the clothing section and soon Barb had selected several pairs of stockings and a garter belt, all in size small/petite. She then dragged me over to the toy section. I was shocked. I mean, yeah, I knew what a penis looked like... sorta... but here were penises of all colors and sizes in amazingly realistic material! Some were flaccid and some were erect. I knew I was blushing. Barb insisted that I touch the ones on display. 

"Wow, so this is what they really look like?" I asked in a whisper.

"Wait a minute, you mean you've never seen one?"

"Uh... not really, no. and they go from this, to this?" I asked pointing at the flaccid and erect samples.

"Well most guys are only about six inches erect and that is a nine incher, so no. Most guys are more like this when hard." she showed me an example. But I once sucked a guy who was almost nine inches."

"No way!"

"Yeah he want to fuck but I was still a virgin at the time so I would only give him a blow job." she said, "A cock that size for my first? That would've hurt."

"What about since then?" I asked, curious now.

"Oh like I said, I fucked a couple of guys but they were like this one here, five to six inches."

"And did you like it? I mean did you have an orgasm?"

"Pam most girls don't often reach orgasm with just fucking. We need clitoral action to climax. One guy did a good job and masturbated me while humping and I did come. The other guy just bent me over and fucked me from behind. It was good and I did enjoy it, but I didn't climax."

 I pondered this for a moment but then saw something that made me stop and stare. "Uh... Barb... this one says it 'shoots'!"

"Oh wow! Yeah you fill the bulb here with warm water and squeeze it to spray. Cool huh?"

"If you say so... Hey you said you gave that guy a blow job, so did he come?"

Barb giggled. "Wow you really are an ingenue! Yeah well first off you suck, don't blow. And yeah he did. And yes it's weird but not too bad. Saltier than a woman and gooey. But they say the secret is to swallow as fast as you can so you don't taste it much. My sister told me to hold a hard peppermint in my cheek. She swears by it."

 Barb showed me some hard ones next. They looked really cool and were made of acrylic or glass. They came in all sorts of colors, sizes and shapes. Then we got to the massagers. I actually picked out one for myself. It was about the size of a large lipstick. She selected one that was called a "bunny" and promised to teach me how to use it. We drooled over the big high powered wands with all the attachments, but agreed that we could split the cost on one of those next month. I turned the corner and stopped. Furniture... Furniture for sex, yoga balls with erections, a vibrating dildo on a padded bench and sex machines. I was not aware such stuff existed. A penis on a rod that pumped back and forth... I was shocked, it was too much. I turned and fled. Big mistake, I found myself in the Domination Zone! Masks, restraints, whips and gags. Leather and latex. Barb grabbed my arm and guided me to the checkout. Outside my embarrassment wore off and I apologized.

 "Aw gee Pam, it's okay. I didn't realize how all this would hit you. Look we have some cool stuff and maybe someday we'll go back. But listen you gotta look at sex like a buffet. You enjoy what you like and skip the stuff you don't."

"Yeah, I guess.." I said, "but that analogy would also mean that it's all you can eat."

Barb grinned "And don't forget dessert!"

 We grabbed some lunch and then hit the grocery store before going home. Back in the apartment we put stuff away and got out our toys, We decided to strip and sit on our beds and play. We spread our legs and masturbated as we watched each other. I watched Barb use her bunny and I used my little vibrator. The sensation of the little buzzing toy was fun! I followed Barb's advice and got it good and wet (with my own juice of course) before using it on my clit. I toyed around my whole pussy for a while and teased my hole before ever using it on my clit. It felt incredible! I found that using it directly on my clit was too intense but using it around the nub and especially just above it felt best. Then too, doing it while Barb watched me just added to my thrill. Again the whole taboo thing. (Yeah this isn't much of a taboo thing for most people but for me it was!)

 I watched Barb as she used her bunny vibrator. She used one hand for the toy and the other to hold her labia open. Once she had it where she wanted, she moved that hand up to squeeze her boobs. Soon she was pinching and tugging on her nipples. God I was so hot watching her! I couldn't decide which was better, to watch her pussy, her boobs or her face. She was biting her lower lip and I could tell that she wanted me to come help, but we had agreed not to touch.

I was surprised when she lifted first one breast and then the other to her mouth and sucked on her own nipples! That was something I would never be able to do and yet right then and there I badly wanted to! How must that feel? To suck your own breast? I realized suddenly that I was so very close to an orgasm. Was it my masturbation? Or was it Barb's that had brought me here?

 "Barb I'm close..."

"Me too Pam..." she moaned. 

"I can't believe I'm masturbating in front of my roomie!" I said.

"I know, right? This is so hot! I love watching you, and letting you watch me."

"Barb, finger yourself! I want to watch you finger your wet pussy!"

"Only if you do it too!"

 So we began thrusting our fingers in and out of our pussys and I couldn't stop the rushing wave of the orgasm. My mouth opened and I groaned as I came. Barb was coming too! 

 Then as the orgasm faded I pulled my wet fingers from my pussy and licked them clean. Barb did the same across the room. We put our toys down and met in the middle of the room. We held each other for the longest, my face buried into her boobs. Gently I pushed her back towards her bed and then down. I mounted her 69 and breathed deeply of her scent. I quivered uncontrollably when she started licking my pussy. In what seemed like no time at all I was making happy noises as Barbs tongue pleasured me. Her hands squeezing my tiny ass felt really good. How had I never realized that my ass cheeks needed to be caressed and squeezed? Yet now it felt so good, so right. I saw no moral dilemma. Barb was my lover and as far as I was concerned at this moment, she could do anything with me or to me. Was this healthy? Was this the beginning of a dominant/submissive relationship? I ran this thought over and over in my mind as I licked Barb's juice. Maybe it was. Barb was taking a leading role in our relationship. She had made no demands but it was clear that I loved pleasing her. How far would I be willing to go for her pleasure?

 Eventually we relaxed and cuddled. It was awesome being held by her. We discussed stuff just as we always had, we just did it in a naked embrace now. School, movies, friends, and upcoming events. Soon we noticed the dimming light.

"Let's go out and have some fun!" Barb begged. "I wanna get some chinese and we could go hear a band at the student union!"

"Okay, sure! I would love it!" I replied.

 We cleaned up and Barb insisted that I wear my new stuff. I have never, ever in my life worn stockings. Pantyhose on a few occasions, but never stockings. They were white, as was the garter belt. I had to be shown how to put them on. Barb was very patient with me despite her obvious excitement. I had started to put on a regular pair of panties but she wouldn't have it. 

 "Tonight you are going commando." she insisted.

 Really? I was appalled at first but the idea was also exciting. Again I found myself agreeing quickly to do whatever Barb suggested. So, no bra, no panties, a white garter belt and white stockings. Over this she wanted me to wear a skirt and blouse. As she dug through my closet I decided that I would pick out something for her to wear. 

 Now I had never looked into Barb's stuff before and I was surprised to find that she had some really nice lingerie, including a very nice electric blue corset with garters. It wouldn't do for tonight but someday, I promised myself, I would see her in that. I eventually selected an emerald green bra and panty set, a black denim skirt and a nice floral button front top. (And I insisted that she wear the top few buttons open!)

 Barb had found my only denim skirt and we laughed because it was something mom had packed but I'd never worn. It was still new but the length was mid calf! Barb grabbed her scissors again and cut it off a few inches above my knees. I slipped on a pair of black flats and Barb suggested that we go shoe shopping soon. She presented me with a choice of tops. I picked a very nice white V neck micro-fiber pullover and looked at myself in the mirror. 

 "Damn, is that nice or what?" I joked. Barb just kissed me and grinned. 

 As we walked to the restaurant I savored my new found freedom. No longer would I dress like a kid, I would dress like a woman and I would and could be as sexy as I wished. I would no longer hide my puffy nipples inside a padded bra, nor would my young legs always shelter in jeans. We were in the warm spring months and by god I was going to show them off!

 "Barb I'm expecting another deposit from my folks next week and I want to go shopping. I want to ditch the kid stuff and buy shorts, skirts and blouses! Oh and shoes too! But we'll need to stretch the money, look for sales and stuff..."

"What about thrift stores?" she asked. "I know there are three in town, and you never know what you might find!"

"Cool! How about next weekend?"

"Works for me!" she said. 

 Inside the restaurant I tried to act nonchalant but it still felt weird going without panties. Exciting, yes, but strange. Afterwards I opened my fortune cookie and grinned then read it to Barb,

"Do not limit yourself, be ever willing to spread your wings."

I saved it.

 The band at the student union was pretty crappy so we went and shot some pool in the game room. I loved it when Barb would lean over and I could look down her blouse at those magnificent boobs. Then I had a difficult shot I was lining up and as I glanced behind myself and caught several guys ogling my short skirt and realized that they probably could see the top of my stockings. There was no way they could see further but... The fact both scared me and thrilled me. After so many years of being afraid of sexual assault I made a mental note to watch myself. Dad had taught me to be "situationally aware". Geez, what would he think if he could see me now? Later as we walked home I reached out and held Barb's hand. This made her smile. 

 When we reached the apartment Barb closed the door behind us and we stood there for several minutes kissing. I loved kissing those lips, I then kissed her cheek, neck and cleavage. She sighed.

"Hold that thought girl, I gotta go pee." she said. 

 The knock on the door startled me. My first thought was that one of the guys had followed us. I peeked out the peephole, then opened the door.

 "Hi Steph..."

"Hi Squeeks..."