 This is a continuation of a story I wrote back in 2009 and submitted as Squirt and Her Cousins. It was submitted by me under the name of rbenne.

*****

Chapter One

It was a warm day in March when Sam entered the kitchen waving a poster. 

"Look Squirt I think you should register for this Trade Week. It's in Perth during our off season."

Squirt read the poster. Seafood Cooking and Trade Week in Perth: six of the world's top seafood chefs will be conducting Cooking Master Classes before a banquet where the recipes they demonstrate are served, also latest kitchen equipment, rare spices and masses of recipes. It went on to providing accommodation arrangements and the cost per person for just the trade show or the entire event.

"Looks interesting but look at the price $2000 with accommodation, it's not cheap and I have to get to Brisbane and then fly across the country to Perth. We won't get out of it under $6000."

"Fuck Squirt sometimes I think you are a brainless idiot. Stop and think this is a one of event and it will be fully tax refundable. Zoe is most enthusiastic that you attend."

"Okay, but don't register me as Squirt like you did with the show in Sydney, that is just my family name. My name is Storm Okay?"

Sam smiled, "Yes Squirt I read you loud and clear."

Four months later Squirt was flagging a taxi at the Perth Airport asking to be taken to the Resort where the Trade Week was being held. At reception she was given a package that contained the keys to her room. A man carried her cases leading the way to the eighth floor and her room. It was large and obviously very comfortable. Squirt walked through the room passing through a doorway into a very cosy bedroom with a king bed. Off the bedroom was the bathroom with a full spa and shower. She noticed that on the side there was a complimentary bath robe and a large collection of toiletries for her use. 

She lay back in the spa relaxing in the warm bubbling water as she felt her travel weary muscles become normal again. Looking at her watch she decided to get dressed and go down to the bar for a few quiet ones before dinner and an early night. She wanted to explore the delights of Perth the next day.

This evening was the welcoming dinner and was not formal so she dressed in a dress that left an appreciable amount of heavily tanned thigh in evidence with a yellow cotton shirt and black thigh highs. She walked from her room in comfortable flat soled shoes to the lift and proceeded down to the restaurant and bar area. She was sitting on the veranda looking across the sculptured gardens when her attention was drawn by a sudden movement.

Glancing across the bar she noticed a tall and incredibly beautiful woman enter. She must have been six foot two, walking in tight designer jeans and long tan, knee high leather boots: her shiny black hair flowing across her broad shoulders. Her well-developed thighs and arms suggested that she was very fit and used to daily exercise. She ordered a beer, standing with her back to the bar looking round at the guests sitting at the tables. Taking her beer, she walked slowly but purposely towards Squirt. Speaking in a soft yet firm confident voice that gave Squirt the feeling that this woman was used to being in control.

"Hi my name is Felicity."

"Pleased to meet you Felicity I am Storm, are you here for the Trade Week as well?"

"Yes."

Felicity sat across from Storm allowing her eyes to roam, coming to rest on her tiny breasts. Looking back into the sable eyes staring at her from beneath heavy brows Storm felt her stomach muscles tighten. The eyes were mysteriously hypnotic and a shiver coursed down her spine as she tried to remain calm under Felicity's burning gaze. She was aware of Felicity's eyes undressing her and knew she could just glimpse her panties. Storm shifted nervously in her seat. She felt her face burning beneath Felicity's microscopic stare feeling uncomfortable as she realised that Felicity would know her much better before the next morning."

"What table have they put you on?"

Storm jumped back to the real world, opening her bag she looked at the card that reception had given her.

"L ...l ... let's see. Oh here it is ... table five/eight."

"Let's go to reception and change that, I am table nine/fourteen. The second number is the floor you are on."

Leaving their drinks on the table they walked through to reception.

"I will do the talking."

"Okay." Storm noted that Felicity had said this with a voice that expected to be obeyed.

"Good evening we are booked into the Trade Week. I didn't know that Storm was coming and would appreciate it if you could change her table to number 9/fourteen."

"Oh yes madam that will be no problem at all."

After five minutes the woman returned with a package. 

"Give me your card and we will replace it with this one. Do you want me to re allocate her a room on the fourteenth floor as well?"

"Storm, give the receptionist your keys and she will arrange for your things to be taken up to your new room."

"That will be no trouble is there anything else I can do for you?"

Without answering Felicity turned and walked briskly back to the bar with Storm following in her wake.

"There, that will be lovely. Now we can spend the week in each other's company because the table number controls all the other arrangements for the week."

Storm nodded as she stood to get herself another drink, Felicity downed the rest of her beer quickly.

"There's a dear get me another Heineken."

Storm walked over to the bar which was not as deserted as it had been forty-five minutes ago. As she stood waiting her turn to order she looked back towards Felicity. She had this strange feeling that she was falling under her control and knew that she felt good about it. To her amazement she felt herself becoming wet. She glanced into the mirrors on the pillars around the room and was relieved to see that it was not obvious.

"You forgot the nibbles, that's a good girl fetch a bowel of nuts over."

"Oh, aarh sorry!"

"It doesn't matter just don't let it happen again."

Storm hurried back to get a bowel of nuts and dried fruits feeling Felicity's eyes following her. Why I am apologising, she thought. She only asked me to get her a beer, what's happening. She hurried back with the nuts offering Felicity some before taking her seat.

An hour and a half later Storm was seated in the darkened restaurant listening to a rather long winded drone about Aquaculture and its importance to the tourist industry. She felt Felicity's hand come to rest on her thigh.

She pushed it away only to feel it return and this time it lightly slapped down on her thigh quickly moving under the hem of her dress. Storm sat staring in front of her trying to will the hand away but it kept sliding up towards the secret that lay at the apex of her legs. She tensed, feeling the hand rest against her pussy embarrassed that Felicity would know that she was already wet.

She realised that she was aroused and needed release. The persistent hand rested there, not moving feeling Storms pussy soak through her panties. She was in a trance; the voice of the speaker became muted as her mind was fixed on the hand now slipping under the gusset of her thong. The finger became very active sliding along her wet slit scratching over her swollen clit. Felicity's fingers pressed into her pussy and then it happened Storm quickly covered her mouth with her serviette as her hips began to thrust, her orgasm flowing from her. The orgasm was barely finished when Storm was brought back to reality by the applause as the speaker departed. Felicity's hand released the sodden, captive pussy drawing it up to her nose and mouth."

"Well come along sleepy it's time to go." 

Storm allowed herself to be helped from her chair, following Felicity's swaying behind as it seductively led her to the elevator. On the sixth floor the lift stopped and the only other people departed. 

"You will never refuse me again do you understand?"

Embarrassed Storm lowered her eyes and quietly said "Yes Felicity."

As she unlocked the door of her new room she asked Felicity if she would like to join her in a final drink before bed. Felicity didn't reply but walked past her into the dark room.

They sat on the floor leaning against the small two seater couch. Storm looked into Felicity's eyes seeing pools of melted chocolate kisses in butter. She couldn't understand what was happening, she felt like a schoolgirl on her first date. She knew that she had no option but let Felicity seduce her, watching spell bound as Felicity took her wine glass and pushing her down onto the carpet. 

Storm looked up at her face as the gap closed between them.

"So do you want me to kiss you?"

Storm, in a trance responded quietly; "Oh God, yes please, kiss me."

Felicity began to kiss her passionately. She grazed her lips down her neck, biting there very softly. Storm heard herself moaning "Felicity" in an excited, sexy way that drove her seducer crazy. Felicity was taking her time, wanting to make this an evening that Storm would remember. Planting kisses along her collar bone before taking a long drawn out kiss on her throat leaving a deep Hickey kissing down to the top button on her blouse. Undoing the button, she looked up into Squirts misty eyes.

"Is this OK?"

"Oh yes, please anything."

Felicity freed the remaining buttons opening the blouse revealing Storms tiny breasts with hard straining nipples. She licked a trail of fire from her navel to the valley between her breasts feeling Storm moaning and squirming beneath her. Breathing heat onto a nipple Felicity watched it become harder puffing up high above the soft fragrance of her breast. She breathed onto the other nipple hearing Storm release a drawn out hiss. 

Felicity growled into Storms ear. "You are beautiful Storm."

Storm kissed her back before asking.

"Felicity would you take your blouse and bra off; I want to look at you as you fuck me."

Felicity brushed her breasts against Storms, letting them brush lightly across her nipples barely touching her.

"Oh fuck this feels so wonderful, don't stop ... make love to me, won't you?"

"Of course my little one, be patient we have all night."

Storm felt herself being rolled over and Felicity's lips sucking on the nape of her neck before licking down to the waist of her skirt. She giggled softly as she felt her blow on the fresh wet trail. 

"Turn over please." As Storm obeyed her lips were taken again in a deep searing kiss.

"You are so wet?"

"I didn't know I could get this wet." 

Felicity kissed her for a long time treating her mouth like a pussy kissing, licking and sucking before going to her nipples and sucking them giving Storm a preview of all the ways she could make her feel good.

"I think it's time to take this dress off don't you?"

"Oh yes please." Storm lifted her hips up allowing Felicity to pull the dress from her settling back down before arching up again so that her skimpy thong could follow.

Felicity smiled as she placed her hand across Storms wet pussy. The kissing started all over again her hands going wild feeling the wetness on her palms. She left a trail of scorching kisses all the way to the top of her pussy. Felicity breathed in the musky scent of Storms heated sex. 

"Spread your legs. Wider come along don't be shy. You are so beautiful and I am now going to make you feel good."

Draping Storms legs over her shoulder Felicity was aware of her fast breathing become shallower and faster still. Storm moaned as she felt Felicity's hands brush across the inside of her thighs. She had never been so wet before. Felicity looked down on her glistening pink pussy knowing that she needed to be inside allowing her finger tips to trace across her mound feeling the wet lips grazing across her clit. Listening to Storms gasps and moans. 

"Are you ready?"

"Ugh-Ugh, please fuck me! Oh God fuck me now!"

Storm gave a long drawn out sigh as she felt a finger press into her, as the thumb was dragged across her swollen clit rocking her hips with Felicity's rhythm feeling the finger moving so slowly.

"Oh God you are so gentle; it feels sooo good."

Felicity fucked her slowly for a long time until hearing Storm moan urgently.

"More, more please fuck me hard."

Felicity pressed another two fingers into her sopping pussy fucking her a bit faster feeling Storms pussy sucking on her fingers as they sawed in her. She was breathing fast now her hips pumping arching her back her breasts bobbing like bottles on the tide. 

"Oh fuck I am so close now."

Felicity could feel the light tremors in Storms pussy like the warning of an earthquake.

"Fuck me harder please fuck me don't stop fuck me so hard now."

Felicity could tell that she was so close to orgasm but she slowed and pulled her fingers from her.

"Why did you stop please I am so close fuck me for God's sake I need it now ... fuck me."

"Ok baby calm down I am going to give you something else, something better." Felicity kissed beneath her navel kissing down across her thighs and over her mound to the waiting flooded lips of her sex. Storm buried her hands in Felicity's hair holding her onto her throbbing pussy feeling her tongue as it ran along her pussy sucking her clit between her teeth. Storms honey flowed out as Felicity licked it up taking her time wanting to prolong this for hours.

"You taste wonderful darling." 

Felicity drove two fingers into her sucking her clit swirling her fingers through Storms cunt. Sawing her fingers in and out feeling Storm bucking beneath her and every time Storm became too urgent Felicity would back away, allowing her to calm before continuing. Pushing a fourth finger into her Felicity felt her buck beneath her.

"Oh yes please fuck me hard now fuck me ... fuck me hard I need you now fuck me."

Felicity knew she could no longer deny her the orgasm she needed so desperately. Fucking her harder and faster her hand beginning to throb as Squirt moaned and cried out.

More! More! Fuck me hard don't stop fuck me."

Storms juice flowed out covering Felicity's hand, she was bucking wildly her hips working like and automaton rocking in a frenzied dance as contraction after violent contraction exploded across her. Felicity continued to fuck her feeling her begin to buck again as a second and then third orgasm erupted with the explosive force of Krakatoa, her whole body quivering before falling back and smiling up into Felicity's eyes, closing her eyes and exhaling deeply. Felicity bent down and licked up her clit biting it lightly setting off a new round of contractions before Storm collapsed into a peaceful sleep waking up half an hour later asking when it would be her turn to give to Felicity.

"Don't worry about that my little flower we have all week yet."

Storm sighed, drifting off into a deep satisfied sleep. Felicity smiled kissing her on the forehead, taking up Storms wet panties and left the room placing the 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the outside door. 

Chapter Two

The sun was streaming into the room when Storm awoke to the phone ringing. Smiling she struggled to get up off the floor. Hurrying to the phone she heard the now familiar voice of her lover from the previous evening. As usual she spoke with authority.

"Good morning my little flower and how are you this morning?"

Storm replied with a voice still thick with sleep. 

"Great I think, you woke me with the phone, what time is it?"

"I knew you would sleep well, it is just past ten thirty, now listen to me carefully, I am at the Fair. A package will arrive addressed to me but with your room number on it. Please accept it and sign the delivery note but under no circumstances open it. I will meet you for lunch in the Bistro Garden at 1 precisely, do you understand?"

"One PM, all right I will be there. Oh Felicity, before you go, last night was the dreamiest night of my short life, thank you."

Felicity laughed. "I am being called I have to go; till one at the Bistro Garden." 

The phone went dead and sighing, Storm went through to the bathroom. Fifteen minutes later she was relaxing in the spa feeling the water boil around her breasts as she trailed a hand down across her pussy thinking of the sensations that Felicity gave her. 

She couldn't believe it. Her entire body was so relaxed, she felt warm from her head to her pussy. Sitting there hearing whirring of the spa she thought back feeling her pussy pulse slowly while her stomach clenched. My God what happened to me last night, you would think that I was a lesbian the way I am reacting. What about George and the others I haven't even thought of them since seeing Felicity stride into the bar. I was supposed to phone them before dinner. Shit I had better phone after the spa or George will panic.

Dressing in a light frock without pantihose Squirt picked up the phone. It rang for three minutes until Sam picked it up.

"Oh Hi Squirt, it's just gone eight thirty here, George is swimming, what happened last night we were concerned about you?"

"Nothing, there was a very tight schedule and my plane was delayed from Brisbane by forty minutes so when I arrived I had a desperate rush to get ready for the function that evening. Look everything is great, I am going to have a wonderful week, will tell you all about it when I see you Wednesday next week. Give George a big hug foe me, love you: have to go someone is calling me."

Storm hurried to the door to find a tall Express Freight Man standing with a large box. "Are you Ms Felicity Redburn? I have a delivery for you."

"No but I was expecting it. I am Miss Webber but Miss Redburn asked me to sign for it."

Closing the door, she inspected the package. It was quite large but other than the address label there were no other distinguishing marks on it. 

Storm put it down and feeling rather hungry hurried down to the coffee lounge and ordered cappuccino and raisin toast. Sitting back in the shade of a palm she allowed her thoughts to drift back to the previous evening again. She couldn't believe that she had acted that way, after all she was content with the love that she had with George and the others. 

She reminded herself that that was all she needed and yet Felicity continued to haunt her thoughts. Ordering another coffee, she allowed her thoughts to run wild. At last hurrying over to pay for her late snack and walking across the compound to the Bistro, selecting a table overlooking the pond and across the gardens to the front door. Storm smiled as she saw Felicity stride into the Bistro looking around for Storm.

Getting up Storm hugged her kissing her deeply on the lips feeling Felicity's agile tongue slip between her lips deep into her mouth. Not caring about what other customers thought Storm leant into the kiss sucking the invading tongue deep into her mouth, moaning lightly as she did so. After five minutes or so Felicity unwrapped herself and sat in the chair opposite to Storm looking into her misty eyes seeing the colour rise to her cheeks.

"Darling as we take a relaxed lunch why don't we learn more about each other. I will order wine so you can start whenever you feel comfortable."

Taking a deep breath Storm started to tell her story.

"Well firstly, although my name is Storm Webber to my family I have always been known as Squirt. You see the rest of my family are like you pushing six feet whilst I am barely five foot one. 

"When I turned fourteen I knew that I was in love with George my older brother by one year. From that day on I planned that he would take my virginity and yet try as I did I could never get him to take the slightest notice of me.

"I was devastated at sixteen when he went out with a girlfriend; I was so jealous that I got into trouble with my parents because I was rude to her. 
