 Stacy and Tina sat in the corner restaurant sipping their coffee, chatting cheerfully. The place was full, people carried on conversations in merry tones, praising the sunny afternoon and the good beverages. Some young college men sat near the two women, staring a little too openly at the girls' alluring features. Oblivious to the wanting looks of the men, Stacy and Tina talked on. A pregnant woman entered the restaurant, waddling slowly in the late months. 

"God, would you look at her tits!" exclaimed Stacy, astonished, "I wish I had tits as big as those." 

"I do," said Tina, laughing and cupping her breasts, "ha ha!" 

"Fake boobs don't count, Tina." Stacy said, rolling her eyes, "Hers are huge, and real." 

"You didn't care that mine were fake last night." Tina said, smiling flirtatiously and licking her pink lips. 

"That's true," Stacy answered, also smiling, "but yours are different. They fit you just right." 

"Maybe I should get you pregnant so you could grow a pair" Tina said jokingly. 

"Yeah," Stacy said sarcastically, "that would be perfect." 

"Well, if you want them so bad, why don't you just get implants like me?" Tina asked, gesturing at her chest. 

"I don't wanna have surgery, Tina. It scares me" Stacy answered. 

"Oh, boo hoo, then I guess someone's stuck with her 36B bra, aren't they?" Tina teased. 

"Shut up, bitch!" said Stacy in mock anger, hitting Tina in the shoulder. 

"I have to pee" Tina said, rising from the table and heading for the bathroom. A few feet away the college men sighed. Tina gave them a little wave, saying, "Hi boys" while walking past them. They waved back, entranced. 

They had good reason to be entranced, as Stacy thought while watching her wife of three months walk away. Tina had become very sexy. While hot before, Tina was nothing compared to what she was now. When Stacy met her, she had reddish brunette hair, tiny boobs, and an ass to die for. She was 5'2", with extremely wide, sexy hips. Her white skin was smooth as silk, and her eyes were a deep, complicated green. Stacy could still remember the first time she saw Tina's ass in that beautiful pair of tight black pants. But that's another story. Tina had changed, transformed into a goddess, a star in a dim world. It all started with Tina's tiny boobs. She was very self-conscious about them, constantly asking Stacy if they were too small. Stacy, the supportive girlfriend, would always say something like "No, Tina, they're just the right size," or "They're perfect, baby." This went on all through their dating until their marriage. A few days after the honeymoon, Tina said "Stace, I think I want breast implants." Stacy, intrigued, thought for a moment. She had secretly fantasized about sleeping with a large-breasted Tina. 

"Whatever makes you happy, honey" Stacy answered, smiling. "But you do know that I won't be able to take my hands off you" Stacy added. 

"Oh thank you, baby," Tina said, throwing her arms around Stacy and grinning, "I wasn't sure what you'd say." From that point on, Stacy noticed a change in Tina. It wasn't very obvious or outright, but it was there. Tina ceased to be as shy as she once was, and gained a new self-confidence. She spoke her mind more often. She even took control in the bedroom sometimes. Stacy wasn't sure if she liked the new Tina so much. Maybe she liked her shy little Tina better. Her doubtful feelings, however, disappeared after the surgery. Taking a month-and-half off for "medical leave" (during which Stacy was not allowed to visit and, subsequently, her vibrator was much overused), Tina came back from Florida tanned, blonde, and chesty. Stacy could hardly believe her eyes at the sight of her wife, blonde hair flowing, boobs bouncing, mouth grinning. Of course, the implants seemed enormous. When asked about their new size, Tina responded jokingly, "Double D, 36 Double D." 

"You look like a supermodel!" Stacy said excitedly, getting progressively hornier with each passing second. 

Striking a pose, Tina asked "You like?" 

"Oh, fuck yes I do" Stacy said, grabbing Tina and shoving her tongue into her mouth. Stacy and Tina had some of the best sex of both their lives that night. Tina, now age 25, began dressing more provocatively from then on. She wore more miniskirts than pants, more tube tops than blouses. She frequently wore tiny sundresses. If she was dressed, Tina was most likely wearing a tight or low-cut top with a short skirt or shorts. Even in the winter she wore tight jeans, tops with generous cleavage, and taut sweaters. She had whole collections of push-up bras, brassieres, and thongs. High heels became numerous items in the closet. She wore more make up, more lipstick, more perfume. She became an icon of femininity, of beauty, and of sexuality. An icon that was all Stacy's. Expectedly, Stacy loved this miraculous change at first. All of a sudden, she was married to sexy beauty that turned heads everywhere she went. She got to come along with Tina as she scored free drinks off of drunk, lonely men. She was admitted into clubs right away just for being in the company of such a hot girl. She followed Tina to the head of many lines, getting whatever she wanted. And after days of shopping, drinking, and clubbing, she got to go home and fuck this tremendously hot girl every night. As Stacy thought about these occurrences, Tina sauntered out of the restroom and made her way back to the table. 

Tina looked at Stacy sitting at the table, lost in thought, sipping her coffee absent-mindedly. She smiled as she remembered their first meeting. The club air was hot, sweaty, and full of sound. Techno music with heavy bass was playing, synchronized with blue, green, and strobe lights. Tina had just finished dancing for the night and turned around in the direction of the door. And there was Stacy, staring right at her. She smiled and introduced herself, offering Tina a drink. Tina agreed and they headed for the bar. While sipping their drinks, Tina took in the aura of Stacy. Stacy, at 5'7", was taller than Tina. She also had larger breasts. Her eyes were bright blue and her lips were very full and pouty. Her ass was very round, made rounder by her trim waist. She had amazing legs that showed off her slightly tanned skin. Her hair was platinum blonde and a little longer than shoulder-length. Tina noticed her perfect unpainted nails, and how soft her hands, her touch was. Tina could feel the electricity of attraction for this 26 year old blonde hottie sipping Bacardi in front of her. She felt her armpits and thighs begin to perspire, and her nipples harden. She picked up a scent of desire from Stacy and never let go. 

Looking at Stacy, Tina knew she loved her. Stacy was supportive, caring, kind, thoughtful, funny, spontaneous, and great in bed. So many times Tina looked at Stacy and felt this unconditional love spring up from within her, filling her with joy and happiness. Now that she had her implants, Tina felt she could do anything, and all because of Stacy. Stacy looked up at Tina and stuck her tongue out, crossing her eyes. Laughing while sitting down, Tina took note of Stacy's attire. A modestly tight white tank top (after all, it was summer) with a white bra slightly visible underneath, brown cotton skirt about knee-length, and black sandals. Her hair was fairly curly and damp due to the humid weather. She wore a modest amount of lip gloss and eye shadow, accentuating her eyes. Tina could see her nipples beneath the fabric of her top. Tina herself was wearing a fair amount of make up: heavy eye shadow, rouge, and pink lip gloss. She had a small, strapless pink dress on with no bra. The dress only reached a few inches below her hips. She wore silver open-toed 2 inch heels. She had matching pink manicure and pedicure. 

"Hey, how about we get outta here." Tina said semi-suggestively, "Let's go back to the apartment." 

Stacy smiled, saying knowingly, "Why?" 

"I think you know why" Tina answered looking at Stacy with a raised eye brow. 

"I'm not sure what you're talking about, Tina. You'll have to describe it to me" said Stacy. 

"O.K., fine." Tina began, "I want you to come back to the apartment with me and fuck my brains out." 

"And..." Stacy said lustily. 

"And...I want you to rip my clothes off and fuck me right on the floor." Tina's voice became low, almost a whisper, "I wanna feel your tongue inside my pussy, I want you to eat my cunt until I cum all over your face. Then I want you to rub the juices all over my tits and then lick and suck them dry. Then I want you to rub your pussy all over my tits. I want to grind my pussy into yours until we both have screaming orgasms. Then I'll suck your tits and play with your sexy little ass. Then I want to-" 

"That's enough, God, I can't take it any more" Stacy interrupted, her voice full of raw lust and desire. "You're making me wet just talking about it" she added, rubbing her nipples subconsciously. 

"Let's go, baby" Tina said, getting up and offering her hand to Stacy. As the two went out of the restaurant rather hastily, there were murmurs of praise and lust throughout the room. The two lovers walked quickly down the street, one occasionally feeling the other's breast or pinching the other's ass. They had no idea that their relationship would be forever changed in just a few hours' time.

The next morning, Stacy awoke to her alarm at 7:00. Tina was wrapped around her, sleeping in a loving embrace. Memories of the previous night filled Stacy's head and she kissed Tina on the cheek a few times while rising out of bed. Stacy slid off the bed and checked on Tina who was still fast asleep. Stacy noticed their bedroom on her way to the bathroom. Her bra and panties lay strewn on the floor near the bed. A couple feet away lay Tina's pink dress and beyond that, Stacy's skirt. A dildo was lying near the bed also, accompanied by Tina's g-string. Stacy smirked at these things while entering the bathroom. Taking a shower, dressing, and putting on her makeup, Stacy was about to walk out the door when Tina stopped her, completely naked. Placing Stacy's hands on her breasts, Tina said seductively "Hurry home; I'll have a little surprise for you." They kissed while Stacy squeezed and groped Tina's breasts. At least five minutes past, and Stacy was on the verge of calling in sick when Tina pulled away, laughed, and said "Go. You'll be late for work!" Stacy gave Tina one final peck on the lips and left, saying goodbye. 

Driving into the city, Stacy couldn't help but to think about her surprise. She thought of her job as a manager in a business firm. It was fairly boring, tedious most times. Long hours, dull work. But Tina made it worth it. Arriving at her office building, Stacy took the elevator up. When the doors opened, she saw a new, unfamiliar but cute face. "Hi, who are you? If you don't mind my asking" Stacy asked. 

The girl responded, "I'm your new secretary. I'm Derry Sullivan." 

"Oh, what happened to Solfrid?" Stacy asked, implying Derry's former. 

"She died" answered Derry. 

"Died?! Of what?" exclaimed Stacy. 

"Lung cancer" Derry said. 

"She did look like she smoked a lot" Stacy admitted. After a short awkward pause, Stacy extended her hand, saying "Well, I'm Stacy Adams, but you can just call me Stacy." 

"O.K. Stacy, nice to meet you" Derry said sweetly. 

"I'll send someone in to show you around and get you up to speed" said Stacy. 

"Great!" Derry said walking to her desk in front of Stacy's office. Stacy couldn't believe her eyes. This girl was hot! She had all the right curves in all the right places and judging by her red blouse, they were real too. And that red hair, God, it looked like her head was on fire. 

"Derry!" Stacy called. 

Turning around, Derry answered "Yes?" 

"How old are you?" Stacy asked. 

"Nineteen" the girl answered, turning back around and sitting behind her new desk. Once in her office, Stacy sat at her desk rubbing her wet clit through her skirt and panties. Her breathing was a little heightened. Her eyes were fixed on the spot where Derry's desk was. In her office, Stacy worked on papers at her computer, daydreaming. Fantasizing would be a better word. Stacy imagined taking her sexy new secretary into her office and locking the door. She would rip off all the girl's clothes and bite those delicious tits. 

"What am I thinking?" thought Stacy, shaking her head, "I'm a married woman. And she's only nineteen, not even old enough to drink." Stacy couldn't help it, though. The girl was very sexy. Stacy had to control these emotions. She had decided to stay in the closet at the office, for fear of losing her job because of homophobic executives. She never discussed her personal life with the other employees. No one could know she was a lesbian. But now this girl had arrived. 

Stacy thought about her marriage. Tina was the love of her life, but she had changed. With that change came its own downfalls. Tina paid less attention to Stacy and focused more on herself. Sure the sex was amazing, but Stacy felt that they were growing slightly apart. Even though the sex was amazing, Stacy realized that they were having less of it. In the first month of marriage, Stacy went home and fucked Tina every night. Now it was down to two nights a week, maybe three. Stacy knew that this was supposed to happen, but so fast? Stacy had even found herself using her old vibrator in the past month. She was horny, but was losing the outlet with which to release this horniness. And now this girl had arrived.

TO BE CONTINUED...