 (Note: First check out part 1 so you know what's going on.)

We're in an area of the city called the Upper East Side. It's full of fancy homes and some of the most expensive shopping areas, like Madison Avenue. It's dark, about nine-thirty at night, and it's still hot out. We're both sweating, like everyone else in the city. The blonde woman smells of sweat mixed with expensive perfume, and it turns me on. She lets go of my arm and lets me walk beside her. She takes my hand in hers and squeezes it lightly. Men stare at us as we pass. A group of black construction workers, heading home at the end of a shift whistles at us as we pass. "Baby, I'll hold your hand!" one of them shouts. "I'll hold your hand and walk you across the street!"

I hear them exclaiming to each other "Goddamn!" "Big breastesseses!" "Freaky!" As we approach the edge of Central Park, I start to get scared. I'd thought she was taking me to her apartment, which would have been scary enough, but the park is really dark at night, with weird bushes and rocks and trails all over. I can't tell if Earl is still following us or not. I think he is, but I can't tell. This woman is wearing a small backpack. She's taller and stronger than I am. What if she's a psycho-killer or something? 

She's still got an iron grip on my arm. She starts whispering in my ear as we get to the edge of the park. She asks me my name and I tell her, blushing. 

Her voice is deep and sexy. "Ooh, Shelley you're so fucking hot. Your tits are so damn big, they drive me crazy. Sexy-ass bitch, aren't you? I'm going to have so much fun with you, Hot Tits…I love big tits like yours, you know that? I've been looking all over for a hot bitch like you, and now I've got your ass. I'm going to suck your big titties and lick your sweet pussy until you beg me to stop. That's what you want, isn't it?"

Her voice and dirty words were driving me insane. My pussy was on fire. We were walking through the darkened park, surrounded by shadows and trees. Suddenly she dropped my arm and moved away from me, walking free and confident, swinging her arms and hips like a cocky athlete. I felt afraid, wanted her to be next to me. We rounded a curve and she walked straight over to an empty bench and sat down on it. 

She stared at me, undressing me with her eyes like a hungry lioness. The bench was sort of under a tree and hidden from the path. I looked around, and couldn't see a soul. In the distance I could hear the traffic noises and sirens of the city. I moved over to her and stood in front of her. I spread my legs and stood wide-legged. I thrust out my big rack and let her get a real eyeful. 

"That's right, girl," she purrs. "Show it off for me." I feel her hand moving up between my legs, feeling the wet entrance of my sex. I gasp and coo with shock and pleasure as her fingers enter my hot cunt. She pulls me closer to her, fingers deep in my pussy twisting this way and that, working my g-spot and all my sensitive spots so perfectly. I'm breathing hard and my breasts are heaving. She reaches up and lets the spaghetti straps holding up my dress. My sweaty dress clings to my large boobs as if molded to them. She peels it off me, lets my juicy melons stand proud and erect. Chills run up and down my spine. I stand in front of her, completely naked on my high heels, standing wide-legged above her. I stare into her deep blue eyes, at her rubyfruit lips. 

"Ask me to suck your big titties, Shelley," she orders. "Beg me to suck your nipples and fuck your big jugs."

"Please," I hear myself begging this stranger. "Please suck my big tits. My big tits need you, they're so hot and swollen. They're so sensitive. They need to be sucked and fucked by you. Please kiss them. Please suck me."

The blonde woman takes my breasts in her hands and fondles them. She bites me, sucking my swollen nipples into her mouth. She sucks hard, in between swirling her long pointed tongue around the little buds. I'm getting dizzy. I hear my groaning cries as if I'm far away. "Uhmmmmm. Assghmmm…Yessss. Suck my big tits. That's so goooodd." I feel like I could come just from this. Her mouth is wide open, straining to suck on as much of my breast-flesh as she can. She's working me over with her fingers again. The juices are flowing and dripping from my cunt so much that I can smell them in the air. My legs feel so weak. I climb on top of her, straddling her on my knees. We kiss, deep and passionate, tongues plunging into each other's mouths. 

I pull her top over her head, revealing breasts shaped like martini glasses, long dark nipples. We were making out hot and heavy, both of us panting and moaning with desire. I shoved my hand down her pants and drove my fingers into her hot box. "Aiggighiyaaa!" she cries out, mouth still full of my big teat. "Yesss, Shelley! Fuck yess!" 

I've got her pants undone and am finger fucking her for real, making her gasp for breath. Her clit feels big and easy to rub while plunging my fingers deep into her cunt. She's doing the same to me and I feel myself swiftly reaching my climax. 

"You hot dyke bitch!" I cry out, arching my back and bucking my hips on her hand. I grind my cunt into her, hard, over and over and over, gripping her head and shoulders with my hands just like I was riding a man. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck my hot cunt…Eiighagh! Ayyahhhghh! UGUHGHGHGWEIIIGH!" I screamed as I came, so hard that my body convulsed all over and my hips went out of control, fucking and bouncing on her strong hand. 

We were so loud that we didn't hear the policeman approaching. Suddenly, over my shoulder, I see this huge shadowed form looming over me. Just a few feet away, mounted on a big black horse, an NYPD officer. Damn. His flashlight seemed like a spotlight in contrast to the black night. On horseback in order to patrol the park at night, he'd come right up to investigate. He kept his light on our naked bodies for a long time, and then finally switched it off. 

"All right, girls, party's over," he said. "Don't you know this is a public park?" 

To be continued...