 Unfortunately I Couldn't Find an Editor for the next part of the Story I hope it is "Good to Go"



Chapter 2 Lacy learns the truth about herself

The next morning I was up first and Amanda was asleep on the floor and of course Stacy was still in the chair. I was feeling really strange and my panties were a total mess. I needed a shower and some time to clear my head. I got up and started to wander toward the shower and Stacy was also getting up she said good morning but I just rushed to the bathroom .I was not sure that I could deal with her right then. My whole reality was a mess. 

I loved Stacy and Amanda like sisters and if they wanted to play their little sex games hey more power to them but that was just too weird last night. I closed the bathroom door and started the shower so it could warm up then I removed my clothes and sat on the toilet to pee. My Panties were a disgusting mess and my pussy actually ached I needed to play with myself so bad. I couldn't wait to get in the shower. 

Right then Stacy came into the bathroom and pulled her clothes off her body. I think I may actually have screamed a little as I jumped like a mad woman into the shower. 

Then Stacy said "Dam Lacy it's not like I was going pee on you or something." She paused for a sec and continued. "Unless you want me too"  

I said the first thing that popped into my head which was "Fuck you Stacy" 

I knew Stacy hated the "F" word but right now I didn't care I was really having a rough time here and besides I wanted some privacy so I could get myself off. I turned toward the water and let the warmth spread down over my face. I heard Stacy open the shower curtain and she was laughing a little. 

I opened my eyes to look at her she just started talking which was like the last thing I wanted to happen. "Look I know you are a little upset about last night. But I think you enjoyed it as much as the rest of us." About that time she pulled her hand out from behind the curtain and she was holding my very messy panties.

"Judging by these I would say every bit as much as the rest of us except maybe you did not get to have an orgasm. So I am thinking that if I was not standing in the same room with you, you would be frigging your nasty little pussy like mad women. I just don't believe you need to be doing that until you come to grips with what happened last night." I knew she had something up her sleeve and it was not going to go well for me. "I am going to watch you and make sure it doesn't. So unless you want to do it right in front of me I guess we will wait until you want to talk about this without the attitude."

Ok so now I knew that was how it was going to be no orgasm for Lacy until I saw things Stacy's way. Fuck, well I guess I could have thrown a fit and made them leave but I knew that was not going to happen. I just stared at her. She turned to leave she said "Leave the curtain and the door open and if I catch you playing with yourself I will tie you hands behind you back." Then she giggled and walked out of the bathroom totally nude.

I started to pull the curtain closed then in frustration I just turned off the water and got out of the shower. I grabbed a towel and started drying off. That's when Stacy came back into the bathroom and restarted the shower I wanted to say something to her but I couldn't even think of what to say. So I bent over to pick up my dirty close, she smacked me really hard on my ass. I jumped up fast to confront her but she started on me first.

"I think you have a problem Lacy. I think you are some kind of pervert." I could not believe what I was hearing I didn't make poor Amanda do those things she did.

"HOW THE FUCK DO YOU FIGURE I AM A PERVERT! I was screaming not that I thought it would effect Stacy any I was just really mad.

"Well I saw you peeking at us last night. I know you were trying to pretend you were asleep but I saw you peeking. Then this morning I go in the bathroom and find your panties in the state they were in and I figured you must have been watching the whole time." She had the biggest meanest looking smile on her face. I was getting more and more angry the whole time.

"WHAT the hell was I supposed to do?" I was starting to cry now.

"Most of us non perverts would have left the room. You could have went to bed, rolled over and faced the other way, but no you just kept right on peeking like some little nasty pervy girl. I must say it is a little creepy." Oh my god I could not believe she was saying this to me. I saw the way she looked at me last night, she wanted me to watch. I wanted to say she made me watch but I knew that was not true, even though we both knew how much she would have embarrassed both me and Amanda.

I knew I was losing this argument she continued to berate me. "I think you are a natural voyeur but you just don't want to accept it. Instead you are willing to act like some little pervert girl and watch while you are pretending to be asleep then come in here in the morning and masturbate yourself silly. I am afraid you are really going to mess yourself up, Lacy. Your going to turn into one of those 'Peeping Tina's' or something and I am not going to let that happen. You are too important to Amanda and me. So I guess I am going to have to protect you from yourself. So just move along and get dressed and keep your hands out of the pervy little pussy of yours. Eventually we will work all this out and everything will be back to normal."

The way she was smiling at me while she said all these horrible things to me was really scaring me. I was so frustrated and now I was totally wet and Horney again. I was getting off on her humiliating me just like Amanda only I was not even doing anything just her chastising me was enough. 

Stacy jumped in the shower and opens the curtain again to get one last dig in on me. "By the way you may want to get back in here and wash the girl juice off your thighs first I can smell it just standing next to you." The snickering she was doing as she pulled the curtain back closed made me burst into tears as I went to my room to get dressed.

I dropped down on my bed and my hand went instantly to my pussy I was just starting to rub my clit when I heard Amanda at the door.

"Don't do it Lacy, she means it she will tie your hands behind your back. She has convinced herself she is helping you and the only way to stop her is to just let her get her way for awhile."

I looked over at poor Amanda she wouldn't even look me in the eye. I wanted to start screaming at her but I didn't, she was handling this as best she could. 

"Is she helping you too Amanda?"I asked I knew it sounded nasty but I just had to know.

She looked like she was about to cry the then just smiled sheepishly at me when she answered "I don't know lace, all I know is I really do have a problem and at least now somebody is sharing that with me. I don't feel nearly as lost now as when I broke down crying and told Stacy what I was doing. I was really starting to do some crazy things you know. I was trying to get raped hanging out in the park late at night after you guys went home. Walking downtown just trying to get somebody to notice me and fuck me hard and call me names. I couldn't stop daydreaming about it. Then Stacy just started doing the things to me I wanted somebody to do." Her voice was starting to crack and I could tell she was getting upset. I was thinking Stacy was taking advantage of a friend in trouble but I didn't say it out loud. 

"I know Stacy really enjoys what she is doing to me. I don't hold any illusions about that, but I know she really does love me in her Stacy kind of way so for me it is better then the alternative. 

"I can't believe you want her to do all that stuff she is doing to you" I just stared at the floor too.

"I don't want her to do all of it. Heck I don't even want her to do most of it. I do it for her so that she will do what I need her to do. I need to be humiliated. If you think about it she really has to humiliate herself too in order to do this for me so I give her what she wants in return." She was still smiling a little so I guess I had to believe her. 

"By the way she has me watching you too not that I want to tell on you but I will because she really does scare me and she said if she caught me lying to her about you well she would make me do something really awful."

"What did she say she would make you do Amanda?" I was actually curious maybe I did have a problem cause I was getting wet again trying to imagine what could be really awful after you have licked another girls Butthole.

"Well I guess I can tell you. She told me she will make me blow My Brother while everybody watches me do it. I don't know if she would really do it but I am not going to take any chances cause the way she said it I think she really wants to make me do it." With that confession I could see and smell the effect it had on both of us. This is starting to get sick and twisted because I was thinking I wanted to watch while she does it too. I guess she could see it in my eyes or she just got a vibe because she started to freak a little.

"Oh my god you are just like her. You want to watch me do all these things too only you are not mean enough to make me do them. Don't tell her I told you Lacy cause that's what she wants she wants to make you participate in humiliating me. Oh my god I was thinking maybe you would be able to calm her down a little be a voice reason but you are really getting off just hearing me talk about it." it was just then I realized I was rubbing my legs together trying to get myself off. Amanda was shaking now and I grabbed her face and pulled her close so I could whisper in her ear.

"Don't worry Amanda I won't give in to her. I will do my best to keep her from going to far I promise but she is driving me crazy I need to get off because I can't even think it is just too crazy."

She looked at me and frowned and she told me very seriously" Don't do it cause I will have to tell her. I don't want to suck my brother off in front of all my friends and I will guarantee she will make me do it. I am so sorry Lacy but you are just going to have to hang in there I will talk to her see if maybe she will let up on you ok?"

Just then we looked up and Stacy was standing by the door. "So you two want to help each other out huh?" Stacy Asked. She was trying to look mad but I think she was actually getting excited she was smiling when she started speaking again. "Well I have just the way a peeking little pervert and an asslicker can help each other out."

Now I could tell she had a way to turn this around on us I should have known better then to think she would just let us be there for each other. Now she was giggling and trying to speak. "We are going to play a game." I could tell she was really enjoying this. The rules are simple really there is an object and whoever has it is allowed to cum while the other person is not. All you have to do to get the object is to ask for it. Mandy will start out with it and as soon as you get done Cumming Lacy you have to give it back to her. She will have the object all time but she also can ask you to hold it for her. If she asks you to "hold it for her you cannot refuse and you must masturbate until you cum then return it to her."

"So you can see how this will help you out she can let you cum anytime she wants to but when you ask for it you have to ask me to get it for you. "So I want Mandy to come over her and get down on all fours and I will present her with the object" Amanda moved slowly over and got down on all fours in front of Stacy. We both know this was too good to be true but then again we knew we had no choice really. This was Stacy's game and we were going to play it one way or the other. 

"Ok pervy girl get over here and get down on you knees right next to her so you can see here ass clearly." I walked over slowly and knelt as she told me too and I was getting really excited trying to figure out what she was going to do to Amanda. Stacy then also knelt down directly behind Amanda and brought her hand out from behind her back there was the Object that we would share between us so we could cum. The object was a fairly good sized Butt Plug, not huge but big enough to get my attention since I had never had anything in my butt before. I guess my eyes must have shown my fear because she immediately started to talk again. "Don't worry Lacy this is going to be in Amanda's ass not yours."

"You see, Lacy when you ask for it I am going to stick it right in you pretty little mouth." As she said that she leaned toward me and I thought for sure she was going to kiss me but instead she lightly licked my lips and pulled away. When I opened my Eyes she was busy working that dry plug into Amanda's ass. "I guess I probably should have kissed you because once the plug goes in there nobody is going to want to kiss you again." Stacy was laughing and Amanda was groaning and wiggling around that dry plug was not going into her little butt hole easily and I could tell it was hurting her. My hands started traveling to my pussy I couldn't stop my self I knew what I was going to have to do to cum and I was almost to the point I would do it too. 

"Now since you seemed to be tempted to play with yourself without the "cumplug" I guess you should know what the penalty is for Cumming without it" as Stacy said that I immediately pulled my hands back another second and there would have been no return I am sure. Stacy laughed again and continued to speak. "Since you are a little Pervert there is not much I can do to you but the asslicker over here is a different story. I saw Amanda's head drop at being called an "asslicker" in such a callous manner but I also noticed the wetness dripping down her thighs as that butt plug popped into her asshole and she jumped. "When you come without the "Cum plug" old Mandy here Goes straight up to the Truck stop next to the highway and licks nasty Trucker assholes for an hour." She was laughing so hard I almost didn't notice Amanda Cum. She was getting off on the punishment but I knew it was more the thought and she would never be able to live with herself if she actually had to do it. I looked down between my legs and I had leaked a puddle on the floor between my feet. I was about to go insane and rape my own body if that were even possible. 

"Now as this first time Lacy I am going to make it easy on you. You don't have to ask for it all you have to do is close you eyes and open you mouth. Once you do that I will know you are ready and I will put the plug in you mouth and you will be allowed to cum." I just stared at her. Stacy knew she was going to break me. This would be the end if I allowed her to do this to me I would never be the same. I was fighting with everything I had. I could here Amanda crying quietly because she knew we were defeated. I on the other hand still held out hope that Stacy would start laughing and tell me this was all a big joke. "You know Lacy this would go so much easier on everyone if you would just accept the fact that you are a pervert instead of making me force everything on you. So here it is you can either close your eyes and accept it or we are all going to go to the truck stop right now and watch the asslicker go to town on some old fat trucker's asshole." I almost came when she said that and Amanda dropped down to her elbows poking her ass way up in the air I could see her pussy flexing and I knew she was having another mini climax. 

I slowly closed my eyes and opened my mouth. I heard Amanda squeal from what I was sure was Stacy removing that plug from her ass. I actually tasted it before I felt it touch my tongue. It was so nasty and my hands went instantly to my pussy. I didn't rub or play with myself I just grabbed my self and squeezed as hard as I could I came like never before. I immediately fell to the floor I could stop convulsing I thought it would never end. I knew I was going to puke as soon as I got done getting off but I was still grabbing and pulling at my pussy. I was scratching and trying to inflict as much pain on myself as I could. I needed to be taught a lesson I wanted to draw blood and feel the pain for betraying myself so totally. 

Stacy was no longer laughing and Amanda was trying to grab my hands as Stacy was pulling the plug from my mouth. I could here Amanda's calming voice as she pinned my hands to the floor. "Its ok baby, its ok" Amanda just kept whispering this in my ear as I was pinned to the floor. I knew it was not ok though because I knew for sure that Stacy was right I was a pervert. The taste in my mouth was awful and I had just paid a terrible price for the absolute best orgasm of my life. I knew in my heart that I was getting off on this and I still wanted it to continue. I was so ashamed and humiliated I could not even think I just laid there with my eyes closed hoping that this would all turn out to be a dream.

I had not noticed Stacy had left the room when she returned she had a bowl of water and a soft cloth. She knelt slowly between my legs and began to clean all the scratches the pain was horrible but I was totally catatonic. I wanted it to hurt I wanted to suffer my "sins". I started screaming as loud as I could. I was glad later that my parents were not home because even with the pool and deck between us they would have heard my agony. 



I just closed my eyes and let the world go black. After a while I could feel them lift me up and put me in the bed. I didn't help them and I did not open my eyes I just laid limply and let them do what they were going to do. I could feel them lay me on my back and stuff pillows between my legs so I could not closed them. I felt Amanda put my hands over my head and kiss me on the cheek. I heard Stacy in the back ground. Her voice sounded strange like a police officer or a Fireman so calm and controlled. 

"You stay with her Amanda do not leave this room for any reason. I am going to the store to get some cream and gauze to fix her up. I will pick up some Food Maybe a pizza or something."

I heard Amanda ask her."What should I do if she starts freaking again?"

"Just lie next to her and make her feel better I think she is done freaking." I could tell Stacy was not as sure as she was acting I was not sure myself." Remember do not leave this room I will be back in a few minutes."

I felt Amanda sink down into the bed next to me. I could feel her fingers rubbing small circles on my belly as I went to sleep................. 

I woke up a little while later I don't know how long I slept but it was still light out so it could not have been more than a few hours. I threw off the sheet they had covered me with and saw that they had at least dressed me in a t shirt and panties. Then Amanda came barging into the room all bubbly and bouncy just like everything was normal. She had a plate of pizza in one hand and a glass of what looked like iced tea in the other.

"Hey sleepy head I bet you are starving." She sat down slowly on the edge of the bed and handed me the plate. I wanted to throw the plate across the room but I was really hungry besides I wasn't mad at Amanda. I was starving so I took a bite of the pizza without saying a word or even looking at her. "I will put this over here on the nightstand." she said holding up the glass of tea. I could hear a lot of voices in the next room. I looked at Amanda and raised my eyebrows. "Don't worry it is just Megan and Jessie. We told them it is your monthly and you are not feeling well." She reached over and stacked some pillow up behind me and I leaned back against them with my knees bent up. 

My crotch was throbbing I was afraid to even check the damage I had done. I still couldn't even bear to talk to Amanda or really even look at her. She held my tea over in front of me and I took a sip thru the straw she had placed in it. She pulled the sheet back up over my legs and pushed my hair back out of my eyes. I was going to cry I could feel it coming. I did not even want to stop myself. All I kept think was I am ruined and I can't go on. Amanda leaned over and kissed me right on the lips and I found myself kissing her back. Then she leaned back and smiled.
