 Chapter 8 Erica puts on a show by the Pool

Stacy Said Lacy's parents were gone for the weekend and told me to meet her there after I finished working on Saturday. I was wearing a skirt and a tank top. I knew Stacy liked skirts and it was all the other girls wore so I just started wearing them all the time too. I have a small chest and narrow hips but I did look pretty good in the skirt so I hoped Stacy would be happy. 

I pulled up in the drive. I was very nervous since this was the first time I had seen Stacy out of school and I wasn't sure what they had planned. My party was tonight so I wouldn't be able to stay but a few hours. As I walked through the gap in the privacy fence, I could see they were all in bikinis. I hadn't thought to bring my suit so I turned to leave and get one, when I heard Stacy call my name. 

Stacy was sitting on a lounger in the shade. She looked unbelievable. Her bikini was not exceptionally small; actually no one's was. I don't know why this detail struck me, but it did. Amanda and Lacy were laying out in the sun on a double recliner. I noticed they were holding hands. Erin and Meghan were in the pool splashing around and laughing. 

   Seeing all this I started to relax. With the exception of Lacy and Amanda holding hands it looked like just a bunch of girls hanging out. I walked over toward Stacy. She leaned up a little so I bent over and gave her a kiss. It was a pretty good kiss - more than friendly, if you know what I mean. 

   "I've been waiting for you all day. Did you forget something in your car?" I knew she was referring to my turning to leave. Stacy looked irritated, I guess because it took me so long to get there. 

   "No, I just didn't bring a suit. I was going to run home real quick and grab one." I wasn't nervous at all now. Everything just seemed so 'normal'. 

   "No problem, Erin didn't bring one either, she's just in her bra and panties. Relax here next to me. You can't really stay that long anyway, can you?" She was pointing at the ground next to her chair down by her feet. I sat down. Without really thinking about it I started rubbing her feet. Stacy always seems to delight in torturing me with her body.

   "No, I only have a couple hours before I have to go home and get the last minute stuff done for my party. You are all still coming right?" I know I looked hopeful and even to me I sound like I was whining. 

   "Of course we are! We wouldn't miss it for the world." Stacy had a huge smile on her face and I instantly relaxed. I found my eyes wondering over her body. God she was so hot. It had been a few days since the shower room and I was getting really horny. I guess I could have masturbated but I just knew Stacy didn't want me to, so I didn't. 

   I leaned over and kissed the top of her foot. Stacy just smiled at me. I could see right between her legs and she caught me looking again. Her hand came down and started playing with my hair. I was still rubbing her feet. I wanted to do a lot more but all the girls seemed so relaxed and I didn't want to look like a total slut. I knew if I started something, I would just embarrass myself again.

   "Well I guess Erica's a little horny today, huh?" I just nodded. There was no point denying it. I watched as her hand started making those same small circles on her belly again. Her skin is so smooth and he stomach is very toned. I was dying to do things with her and to her. 

   "Can we go inside for a little while?" I mumbled. I wanted to get away from the rest of the girls. I didn't want them to know how much I actually wanted this. She pulled my face up to where I was looking into her eyes. 

   "Well let's just sit here and enjoy the outside for a little while. You can wait a little while, cant you?" Stacy asked the question like I was the biggest nympho on the planet. I nodded my head and she turned my face back to where I was looking at her pussy again. I could not believe how humiliating it was to have her not only know I was staring at her crotch but to make me do it.

   I sat her rubbing her feet. I tried to watch the other girls laughing and cutting up but every time I stared at them for more than a few minutes Stacy would make a noise to get my attention back where she wanted it. 

   I was really feeling stupid but I was getting hornier by the minute. I was starting to fidget around a lot and Stacy would giggle and pull my hair a little to make me stop. I just wanted her to go inside for fifteen minutes then we could come back out here and lay around until I had to leave. I told her as much but she gave me this very stern look.

   "My god Erica, you must be a total mess if that is all you can think about." She said that loud enough for everyone to hear and I felt myself blush. "Look just go ahead and take my bottoms off, ok. Will that satisfy you until I get ready to go inside?" With that she lifted her butt off of the lounger. 

   I knew everyone was looking at me now. I reached up to grab her bikini's and I pulled them down to her ankles. Then she moved her feet over and put them right in my face. I took them the rest of the way off. She held out her hand and I gave them to her. 

   "Well I guess if you are that riled up, I will just have to give you a little something to hold you over. She had that evil little Stacy grin on her face. She rolled her bikini bottoms inside out with her fingers. 

   "Open" Stacy just looked at me. I didn't know what she wanted. "Open your slutty little mouth." This time she really sounded pissed so I did it. She put the cotton crotch of her bikini bottoms right on my tongue. I could taste her instantly. I could not believe that it just made me want her more. I was totally humiliated. I could hear Amanda and Lacy whispering. I couldn't quite understand what they were saying but I just knew they were talking about me. I was dripping wet now and I could feel the air on my very wet panties. 

   "Close," Stacy simply said. And I did as she said. Now the rest of her suit was sticking out of my mouth. I was totally embarrassed. I knew it was my fault. I should have just kept my mouth shut. I looked over and saw Erin looking straight at me. I don't know if she was feeling sorry for me or getting off on seeing me abused. I was hoping Stacy wasn't going to make me stay like this all day. But then it actually got worse. 

   "I am not going to be the only one out her with no bottoms on so get your panties off too." I felt myself sob a little as I stood up next to her. I was not moving fast enough for her so just reached over and pulled them down to my ankles. 

   "Hand them to me." She was totally in charge now. I just did as she said. I could feel the rest of the girls looking at me. I was about to bolt. I had to get away but I knew that would be the end of me and Stacy. So I just hung my head and stood next to her while she turned my panties inside out. 

   "These are a total mess. You are a little turned on. Well I guess this next part won't be any problem then." Stacy looked like she was in the zone now. 

"You know I said I was not going to touch that nasty pussy of yours? So you will have to stick them in there yourself." I just looked at her like she was crazy. Then I started spreading my legs. I heard Amanda laugh as I did it. 

    "Hurry up!" Stacy commanded, with some irritation. "I was enjoying you rubbing my feet." I stood there looking at her for a second but she never even glanced my way. I took the crotch of my panties and started pushing them up inside my pussy. Once I had them in, Stacy pulled my hands away.

"Leave them like that." I did what she said and started to sit down. "Stay up on your knees. I may want to look at you like that." Then she moved her feet over where I could reach them and I started rubbing them again. I was crying a little but I could feel myself calming down. In this position, the strings of my panties brushed my thighs when I moved around, distracting me from my predicament. 

I even didn't look around to see the reaction of the other girls. I couldn't have taken it anyway. I just concentrated on rubbing her feet. Her taste was pretty strong on her bikini bottoms, so I knew she was excited too. Why did she have to be so cruel? She knew I would do whatever she told me to.

"Spread your legs a little! I can't see those panties." I knew I had made her mad but this was just going too far. I think she was trying to see how far she could push me. I wanted to run out but I couldn't even do that. 

Stacy leaned forward and kissed me on the forehead. "When you don't try to please me Erica, it embarrasses me. I am just doing this so you will remember to put me first." She smiled and leaned back. 

I sensed Amanda come over and kneel down behind me. 

I could feel her breath on my ear as she started whispering to me. "You know Stacy really loves you." I just nodded my head. "You really should try to behave because you are going to look really funny running around tonight with her bikini in your mouth if you don't." I felt her smack my ass as she stood up and walked back to her chair. 

I knew she was just trying to scare me. I had heard stories about a party a few weeks back and from those stories I knew just how cruel these girls could be if you made them mad. I knew I could just leave and never talk to them again but I also knew I wouldn't. I was in love with Stacy. I had spent all that time staring at her and watching her. She knew it too. She knew it did not matter what she did to me as long as she loved me I would let her. 

I was starting to wonder just how far I would go to make her happy. I kept imagining things she would make me do. Most of the time I would get myself so excited I would want to play with myself. I didn't actually play with myself because I knew if I did, Stacy would somehow know and there would be hell to pay. I don't know what the punishment would be but I could imagine it would be pretty bad if this was the punishment for just nagging. 

Stacy reached over and pulled my tee shirt up above my breasts then she pulled one side of my bra down and started playing with my nipple. She was still laying there with her eyes closed, seemingly not paying attention to what she was doing to me. I would flinch every once in a while when she pulled real hard. 

   Then she got herself into a pattern where she would rub in a circle and pull on my nipple a few times then she would pinch me real hard. She did this over and over until I could feel my hips rocking. I was hunching forward and I could feel the strings from my panties whispering lightly over the insides of my thighs.

Stacy was staring at me now. She was driving me crazy and she knew it. She sat up on the edge of her chair directly in front of me. "Put your hands on my shoulders Erica." I did what she said. Stacy still had not stopped what she was doing to my nipple and it was starting to feel like it was on fire. 

Stacy pulled the other side of my bra down and started lightly flicking my other nipple with her finger nail. "Erica!" I opened my eyes and she was smiling. "You look like you are going to cum just from me doing this to you." Stacy flicked my nipple really hard and I felt my hips give as I jolted pretty good. I moaned and gasped a little around the bikinis in my mouth. 

"If I keep this up your nipples are going to be really sore." She didn't look like she was going to stop anyway "I think you will cum really hard though. Do you want to cum Erica?" She knew I did. I nodded my head as best I could, still flinching every time she flicked my other nipple hard. 

"I will stop doing this if you want me to." She was still smiling but the look on her face was intense. I shook my head I was so close now. I was actually aching in my pussy. Now that she knew I didn't want her to stop, her attitude changed. 

   "Well, I can't keep this up all day. I bet if I let you rub your nasty pussy you would cum really fast wouldn't you?" I was breathing hard now. I gave her a muffled 'uh huh' and closed my eyes again. 

   "Look at me Erica." I opened my eyes Stacy still had that intense look on her face. "This is a lot more fun than I thought. I could keep you here all day. Right on the edge and not let you cum. I think you would like it too." I would have been begging her to let me cum if my mouth was not full. I was pushing my crotch forward as much as I could, willing myself to cum. I just needed a little more.

  "Oh my god you are a major slut Erica!" Stacy was smiling again. "I love it. It is so sexy. I think I can do anything I want to you." She was giggling and shaking her head a little. 

  "I could, couldn't I Erica?" I felt myself nod immediately and she actually laughed at me and kissed me on the forehead. "Well believe me, we will find out eventually if that is true." I moaned again. I knew it was already bad, but my god, how could it get any worse than what I was doing right now. 

   "Sit down until your butt is on the ground." I spread my knees and sat back until I could feel the grass against my ass and pussy. My hands had fallen off her shoulders and I was using them to support myself leaning forward. 

   "This is going to be so nasty Erica but I know you will love it." I didn't know what she had in mind but she was probably right. "Now rub your nasty pussy against the hard ground until you cum." I couldn't believe it. I was actually doing it. My mouth opened and I saw her bottoms hit the ground. I was moaning a lot. I could feel the grass and dirt moving between the lips of my pussy. 

    "Yea Erica, your pussy is going to be really dirty now huh?" Stacy was holding my chin and looking me in the eyes. "You are going to rub yourself raw and get off doing it."

    "That is so slutty, you are fucking the ground while everyone is watching. That is too crazy Erica." I wanted to stop but there was no way I could. "Rub harder Erica, it will probably make you cum faster." I was actually grinding my sex against the ground now trying to get off. 

    Then I felt it and I started to actually scream out as I felt my muscles tense up. I had gotten a few thick blades of grass next to my clit and I could feel them scratching me pretty good. I just let myself collapse straight forward. I could hear Amanda and Lacy laughing at me and making jokes. 

    "Erica I think you are going to have grass stains on you pussy." Amanda was still laughing a little. "Now I am horny as hell just watching you." I was laying with my head turned toward them. Lacy moved in between Amanda's legs and I could hear her licking and kissing Amanda's sex. 

    Then Stacy rolled me over on my back and lowered herself down so I could lick her pussy. I was really getting into eating her. I loved the taste of her more than anything I think. She pushed my legs open and I was praying she didn't want to touch me. Just the air was making me burn.

    "WOW those are some pretty nasty scratches you got there Erica." She reached down and touched them lightly just to feel me jump a little. "You'll be walking funny, for sure." Then I felt her tug on my panties, pulling them slowly out of me. I was moaning and groaning the whole time but I never stopped licking her. 

    "Your pussy is so tight right now. I can't hardly pull these panties out." With one final tug I felt the panties come free. I almost screamed into her sex when she pulled them free. Stacy was pushing down on my face pretty hard and I felt her cum. I could taste her juices they were practically spraying out of her. 

Then she sat back so she could look at my face. "I know you are not a virgin, Erica, but you sure haven't fucked much have you?" I shook my head no. 

    "Open". I knew what she meant this time so I did. Stacy stuffed my cum-covered panties in my mouth. Then she stood up. "Stay there! I'm going to get some cream for those scratches. You're going to have to go get ready for your party." Then she ran into the house. I just lay there. I could hear Lacy and Amanda having sex.

    Stacy came out and placed the tube of cream on my belly. She lay down next to me and kissed me on the forehead. I still had my panties in my mouth. I opened the tube and put some cream on my fingers and gently rubbed it on the scratches. My crotch burned pretty good for a few seconds and I moaned into my panties.

    "You are just so nasty Erica but you can play with yourself if you want." I didn't even realize I was rubbing circles around my clit. "Look at Lacy. Doesn't she have the best butt?" I looked over and just kept my finger rubbing around my clit. It was stinging pretty good but I did not want to stop. 

    "You know Amanda only lets her cum about once a week, if she's lucky. I couldn't do that with you though. You were going nuts after a couple days." I was rubbing a little faster now I loved it when she leaned in close and talked in my ear. 

     "I like it when you want to cum really bad. It is so sexy." She was tugging on my nipple again. I didn't complain because it was the only way she would touch me. "I want you to be sure and wear a skirt to your party or a dress if you want. I want to be able to look at your nasty pussy anytime I want to." I nodded and she smiled again. 

     "You will be the only person to touch that pussy for a long time Erica. It is just so messy and dirty I can't imagine letting anyone else touch it. You are going to lick a lot of pussy for me because I think it is sexy." She was pinching my nipple again. I already felt like I had licked a lot of pussy. I hoped she meant the rest of the girls in our little group. I already knew Lacy was off limits. 

    "No more trimming or shaving down there. No point in wasting time when nobody but you is going to touch it." I was getting close to cumming again. "I think a dirty little pussy like that should look dirty too. That way everybody I show it to will know it is just the nastiest pussy around."

    I knew that was what she wanted me to do. Cum while she told me all the things she was going to do to me. "I can't believe you will just lay here in the back yard and play with yourself." I moved my fingers down to slip them inside me and she pinched my nipple very hard. 

     "Just your clit Erica," I moved my hand back up. "I don't want you to put anything inside there without my permission. I have very special plans for that nasty hole of yours. It is so little and tight, not at all what I would think a nasty pussy like yours would be. I think I am going to spend some time getting it the way it should be." I was moaning now trying to get myself off. 

     "You wouldn't mind having a big nasty pussy for me would you Erica?" I was really getting into it now. My hips were up off the ground. "We could just find things laying around and you could fuck them with your nasty pussy.  

      "You would do that for me, right?" I actually said yes as best I could through the panties in my mouth.

     "Here fuck this." She slipped the tube of cream in my hand. I didn't really hesitate because I knew I would do it anyway. I pushed the end of the tube into my pussy and moved it in and out. It felt pretty good and I knew I wouldn't last much longer. 

     "Well it is good to know you will fuck anything I tell you too Erica." She was laughing a little when she said that and I started cumming. I pushed the tube all the way inside me. Stacy pulled my panties out of my mouth and kissed me on my lips. 

     "That tastes nasty Erica. You are such a slut!" She was smiling so I think she was just teasing me. Then she leaned over and kissed me again so I was pretty sure she was happy.