 I arrived to the apartment miserable, throwing my briefcase down by the door. As any administrator, I brought my work and my problems home.

I was thirty-eight and my career was succeeding but taking a toll on my nerves. The only positive thing happening was my lover, Tessa. After meeting her six months ago at a party, we fell instantly in love and decided to move in together. 

For me, she was a real catch. She was tomboyish at six feet tall with a muscular build. Her skin was dark and she had long black hair that fell to almost to her butt. She was ten years younger than me and had different ambitions. She worked in shipping at the same hospital where I worked but she left her job at four and still had a life. 

Despite her age, Tessa was the more dominant. She insisted I dress nicely every day, often choosing my lingerie, jewelry and perfume. She liked me to look like a real lady although she herself wore just blue jeans and a shirt to work. I had to take special care to wear the right makeup and wear the right earrings. None of the clothes she bought me were sexy, but always prim and proper. She was also the one to initiate our lovemaking and often I just followed along. I guess I was attracted to her sense of power and freedom.

I slumped my tired body on the sofa after throwing the jacket to my dress suit aside. Sitting there in my pink knee-length skirt, satin blouse and long necklace I must have looked forlorn.

Tessa heard me come and brought me a glass of wine and gave me a small kiss. She saw my state and left, making me feel like a real turn off. 

Moments later, though, she reappeared and my eyes almost popped out. She'd taken off her tee shirt and bra and jeans. All she wore was a white pair of cotton panties and a large black harness with a long black thick dildo. She winked at me as she closed the drapes and lit some candles. The harness fitted snuggly around her waist and a black strap ran between her legs.

Her breasts were much smaller than mine but bounced nicely when she walked. The dildo waddled in front of her. She was showing off knowing I liked her sexy walk whenever she wore the dong. It seems her feminine body with its long legs and contoured stomach was made to wear such a long dong. The dildo was a new one we'd hadn't tried yet. It was longer than normal and much thicker. It had a large bulbous head that I'd never had inside me before.

Without saying a word, Tessa set her own glass of wine down before she knelt in front of me. She had me move my ass closer to the edge of the sofa and spread my legs. She kissed my neck and my chest as she slithered her way down to my thighs.

Pushing my pink skirt up toward my tummy in a rumple, she exposed my white garter belt and light stockings. Continuing her teasing, Tessa kissed my inner thighs around my stockings bands and then fluttered some small pecks over the crotch of my panties.

"You masturbated today, didn't you Terri?" she asked with a coy smile. "I can see the stain on your panties and I know the smell of your sex."

I felt embarrassed but I admitted that during my lunch break I locked the office door and fingered myself. I felt silly when I sat in my office with my hands in my panties. I would rub myself into a small ecstasy and relieve some of the stress I was feeling. That morning, Tessa laid out a pair of satin panties for me to wear. I had cum well at work and let a large wet patch formed over the fabric. I didn't have a spare pair to change into. The act had been completely spontaneous. Besides, I like the feel of satin against my pussy and I spent time pushing the panties into my pussy. But her remark about my masturbation made me feel like a school girl getting caught.

"You know I liked it when you tell me when you masturbate," Tessa added quietly as she still softly kissed the gusset of my panties and I felt her wet tongue follow my bikini line. Her nose pushed itself through my panties into my slit drinking in the scent of my sex. 

"You don't need to be jealous Tessa," I murmured, "I thought of you all the time." I told her I masturbated to my memory of her wearing a dildo in a shower we'd taken together and how good it felt to have sex while we washed. 

Tessa pulled the crotch of my panties aside and began to kiss and lick my small mound of pubic hair. She shaved me once a week, leaving a hairy bush on top of my vulva. She licked the hair with abandonment until it was slick and wet. Her long dark hair flowed onto my legs and their gentle feathery touch sent rays of anticipated pleasure to every part of my body.

Tessa's tongue lightly traced a line around my labial lips and I felt her hot breath between my legs. When my lips were wet enough, she took them into her mouth and sucked them ever so softly. She only stopped to whisper instructions. I unbuttoned my blouse completely and uncapped my breasts, letting them hang over my bra. In turn, I brought each nipple to my mouth and sucked, hardening the nipples.

It wasn't long before I felt my love canal secrete its wetness. Tessa's tongue had entered me and perked my clitoris out of its hood. She teased it with her nose and tongue until it was large and edible. Her own lipstick had smudged with my wetness and I felt the first stream of nectar work its way toward my asshole. 

"You're horny, aren't you girl?" Tessa teased me.

"Just don't stop," I replied.

When the clit was fully exposed, Tessa lightly slapped my entire vulva causing me to contract my ass and moan. This was the first sign that pleasure was on its way. I began to breathe hard. She continued the light slapping enjoying how my labial lips swelled and turned from pink to red. I wanted to close my legs every time she slapped but she knelt between my open legs. 

My cunt was wet and each slap left a little sting that I liked. Tessa liked my squirming and it pleasured her more. There always came a point when Tessa took control of my sexual response and I let it happen.

As I was sinking off into my own pleasurable daydream, Tessa stood up and knelt between my legs pressing the large bulbous head of the dildo against the door of my cunt. 

There was enough wetness for it to slide in easily and it did. I knew she would leave my panties on causing the dong to press against my lips even more.

"Ohhh!" I cried as the big head opened my cunt and I felt its thickness begin to fill my love passage. 

Tessa brought the dildo into me slowly, with a steady grip on the dong. She handled a dong well and I didn't have to worry about being hurt. Tessa liked looking at the way I tensed my face as she eased the entire dildo right up my hilt. 

When the large phallic was in, Tessa brought it out just as slowly and started a rocking motion.

I knew she would be staring at my cunt, looking at how the large phallic made my labial lips red and puffy. She liked the way the dildo pushed the lips apart creating that nice big "O." There was something so exciting when another woman aroused herself with my sex. I liked the way my slit reacted to her touches and the way she enjoyed herself. 

As usual, Tessa had found the right angle to thrust the dong into my cunt and have the rubbery shaft tickle my clit. 

"Oh Tessa, I can't wait," I muttered quietly, to her, to myself.

Straightening her back and placing her hands over my fingers that were still playing with my nipples, Tessa stopped her thrusting but left the dildo in me. She knew that would drive me crazy.

"Tell me about your stress, Terri?' she asked with concern. "Did someone piss you off at work?"

Tessa was not playing. She wanted a serious answer. She loved to put me into these situations and let my sexual excitement grow inside while bringing me back to reality. My nipples were rock hard and my orgasm was near to bursting but I had no choice but to play along. Tessa handed me my glass of wine and I sipped it as I told her of some of my problems. 

As we talked I reached out and caressed her smaller breasts. The nipples and aureoles were much smaller than mine but they'd grown hard too. I liked the way she stood over me and took control. Her muscular build really turned me on and I wanted to suck her nipples as hard as I could.

At a certain moment, because of her building orgasm, Tessa changed tempo again.

"I think this cock is long enough to reach your cervix, isn't it?" she asked with a coy smile. "I'd like to start ramming it because I'm nice and horny."

I put my wine down and slid further down on the sofa so she would have easy access to pound her hips into my loins. Tessa knew that her dirty talked drove me crazy. Only recently had we experimented with long dildos and this one felt fantastic. Its large head filled my cunt and I sucked it into me the best I could.

Tessa brought the dildo into me and pushed as far as it would go. I moaned feeling the fullness of the dong inside me. I felt the cool leather harness against my thighs. The shaft of the dong was thick and corrugated so it tickled my lips and inner tissues, especially my swollen clit. I reached for my clit as Tessa started to thrust into me deeply. 

She grabbed the waistband of my skirt to steady herself and pull my hips into hers. My breasts began to wobble and I felt this building sense of lust about explode in me. 

I felt very smutty at the moment. My nice clothes were a mess and my forehead was sweating. My breasts hung lose and flopped with every thrust Tessa made on my loins. The smell of sex filled the room and I could feel my wetness in my ass. I didn't look like the prim and proper professional woman who'd walked in the door moments ago. 

"Ok Terri, cum now you old horny bitch, cum now!" Tessa said with a gruff voice as she rammed our hips even harder.

I didn't have to be told. I closed my eyes and felt the dong inside me as it teased my clit. Tessa's ramming felt so good and I let myself go. The orgasm built up quickly and I exploded, giving out a long line of little "he, he, he, …" as waves of pleasure radiated from my cunt to the very tips of my toes. My eyes were shut as I quaked and felt the orgasm wash away my stress. 

"Take it all, you bitch," Tessa called out as her own orgasm was growing. She had fastened the harness to her body tightly. The dong also rubbed up against her cunt and massaged her own clit into a frenzy. 

At first I didn't move so Tessa slapped me hard several times on the band of my stockings. The stings were sharp as I felt the heat through the nylon. There were more slaps before I lifted my hips off the sofa driving the dong deeper into me. I enjoyed obeying a younger woman's commands in the heat of sex.

More spasms of pleasure stiffened my ass and legs as Tessa stared at my large shaking breasts. Each tit was stiff and hard and I couldn't keep my fingers from pinching them and sending more waves of lust into my body. 

Soon I felt Tessa's body against mine and her tongue filled my mouth. As was our custom, she liked me to suck her tongue as she came. My hands pressed against her clammy back and brought her close to me. Our breasts were touching now. My large nipples and her smaller tits banged each other causing more electrifying sensations. 

Tessa knew how to draw out our orgasms but even she had limits. I heard her grunt and moan loudly. My mouth sucked in as much of her tongue as I could. 

Tessa left the dong in me as the orgasms faded and we were left in a pleasant calmness. We both reclined on the sofa and talked some more. Tessa wiggled the dong inside me and I basked in the fullness between my legs. Every time she moved, I felt a deep sucking sensation in my cunt. Finally, she pulled the dong out and we lay silently together, the stress of the day finally gone. For my pleasure, she wore the dong the rest of the evening, walking freely around the apartment, keeping my mind on happier things than my work.