 I was just finishing washing my hair when I felt Stacy behind me again. My god she turned me on so fast, just her standing this close to me made me hot. She was rubbing my arms and shoulders. I was hoping she was really trying to make me feel better and not tricking me into doing something even more degrading.



"Come on Erica, we only have a half hour before we have to go. If we don't get dressed now, I won't have time to do your hair." With that she kissed me on the cheek and led me out of the shower. I grabbed my towel out of my locker and starting drying off. Amanda and Jessie were already dressed with Jessie sitting on the floor in front of Amanda, facing away. Amanda was fixing her hair, putting a ribbon around the bottom and tying it at the top. 



 Meghan and Lacy were completely dressed and Erin had on her jeans and bra. Her top was still folded neatly on the bench. Meghan was whispering something in Erin's ear. Lacy moved over and knelt on the bench facing the locker with her elbows leaning against the lockers for support. Meghan took Erin behind Lacy and pushed her down to her knees so her head was level with Lacy's butt. 

"Look real close Erin and see if Lacy got her dirty spot really clean."

With that I could see Erin looking up Lacy's skirt. Lacy obviously had not put her panties on or had never worn any today. "I don't know Erin, she is absolutely dripping - I think she didn't do a very good job of cleaning."

Erin was really looking now but even I could tell from where I was sitting that Lacy was 

really wet.

"Give her a little lick and tell me if you think she needs a little more cleaning before we allow her to go back to class." Meghan had her hand on the back of Erin's head. She pushed Erin's head forward and I saw her tongue come out. I could not see her actually licking Lacy but I could hear it. I had my clothes almost on now and I was trying not to stare although I could not imagine why.

"That's good, you dirty girl, clean her up really nice!" I could hear Lacy gasp and she was rolling her hips back into Erin's face. "Oh you seem to have found a really dirty spot huh? I think Lacy really likes it though." She had her hands on the cheeks of Lacy's butt. Erin was moaning now almost as loud as Lacy was.

Erin was moving one of her hands from Lacy's butt to the crotch of her own jeans when Meghan grabbed her wrist. "Oh no you don't, dirty girl, we just got you cleaned up! I would have to have to strip you back down and take the wash cloth to you again." I could hear Erin moan and whimper but her licking never slowed down. 

These girls where unbelievable and I was getting more and more turned on. I looked at Stacy and she pointed to the floor in front of her. I wanted to keep watching Erin and Lacy but I was compelled to do as Stacy said, so I sat on the floor facing her. My eyes were drawn immediately to her panty-covered pussy. 

"You can sit there and stare up her skirt again if you want to, Erica, but it would be much easier for her to do your hair if you were face the other way." I heard Amanda say this and I looked up at Stacy. She just smiled real big and shrugged her shoulders. I looked over at Amanda - I had embarassed myself again. Amanda made a twirling motion with her fingers and I turned around. I could feel myself blushing, my god I must be losing my mind. 

But the bright side was that I could see Erin again and she was still licking Lacy from behind. Meghan was rubbing her hair and encouraging her to lick hard and do a good job. Then she did something I really did not see coming: she reached out and pushed down on Lacy's back, moving her butt lower while holding holding Erin's head in the same spot. 

"Oh I think we found the dirtiest spot of all" I could tell Erin knew where she was licking now and she was trying to pull away or at least trying to back away a little. "That's a good dirty girl, clean that up really good and then we can all go to class." I could hear the sounds of licking resume and they were both moaning again. I saw Lacy jerk and tremble and I knew she had cum from having Erin lick her butt. 

I thought with that the whole ordeal would be over. Lacy rolled over on the bench. She was breathing hard and smiling really big. 

But then Meghan took her spot in front of Erin. She actually flipped her skirt up on the small of her back and was looking over her shoulder, expectantly, at Erin. Erin hesitated a bit but then I saw her shoulders slump a little and she reached up with both hands to pull Meghan's underwear down to her knees so that she could start "cleaning" Meghan.  

 "Well now, that is one good little dirty girl!" Meghan's eyes closed as she felt Erin start to lick her clit and pussy. Meghan was energetically moving her hips up and down and I could swear I saw Erin move herself up a little higher to get to Meghan's asshole. 

 "Let's leave the dirtiest spot for last Erin, I think that will be much better." With that she pushed down slightly on the top of Erin's head. Erin went back to licking Meghan's clit and pussy. "Oh Erin, you're doing so good, I just love our shower anyway but now that we have a dirty girl to do the cleaning it will be so much better!"

 Amanda stood up from where she just finished Jessie's hair and walked over to the towel rack by the shower. She grabbed a towel and a wash cloth and headed over toward Meghan and Erin. Amanda wrapped the towel around Erin's shoulders like a bib.

 "I know you like doing this but you are creating quite a mess here. You're doing a very enthusiastic job though." While she said that she unbuttoned Erin's jeans and pulled them down off her hips a bit. When she felt she had them down far enough she began stuffing the wash cloth into Erin's panties.

 "There, that should keep that embarrassing wet spot from getting any bigger while you finish." Amanda spent some time adjusting the wash cloth and I could see Erin's hips moving, trying to get some more contact. 

 "Be careful Erin, you will get yourself dirty again." She was rubbing Erin's hair gently now and Erin was moaning quite loud. "I'd hate to have to wash you myself. Although I see we have a nice scrub brush over here I could use to clean a really dirty girl." I actually saw Erin freeze for a second at the thought of Amanda using that scrub brush on her. 



 I was realizing there were a lot of things I didn't know about my best friend. I was so caught up in watching Erin I hardly noticed Stacy pull my shirt and bra up above my breasts. Then she pulled my nipples, none too gently, and I felt myself rock my hips, rubbing myself against the cold concrete floor.

 "Your nasty little pussy is acting up on you just watching this, isn't it?" She squeezed my nipples again, just to let me know she wanted an answer. I nodded, my head never taking my eyes off what was going on in front of me. 

 "I know you'll be disappointed, but I won't let them wash you like that." I couldn't believe I was letting her say these things to me. "Do you know why?" She pinched my nipples again and I shook my head.

  "Because you are mine, now. I don't want them to touch you. Really, I won't let anyone touch you." She turned my face so I could see her. "I need to know you are thinking about me all the time, Erica." Stacy was not smiling now and she looked so serious. I just nodded again. I was hoping maybe if I didn't talk this all would be less real.

 "You do want to be mine don't you?" I was so confused. "You spent all that time looking at me. I know you wanted my attention. Well, now that you have it, I want to hear you say 'I want to be yours' Erica." 

I just looked at her then I looked back over at Erin and what she was doing and I heard myself speak.

 "I want to be yours Stacy." I didn't say it really loud. I just let the words fall out of my mouth. 

 "Oh I am so happy to hear you say that! I really am an attention hog you know. You are just perfect for me." I just nodded again. I wanted to tell her how perfect she was and that I would do anything to be with her but she already knew that, I had already proven it her. 

 "No boys Erica. I won't share you with some perverted little boy, you understand?" 

I found my voice and I answered her,"I understand Stacy. But you won't hurt me, will you? Please don't hurt me, I can take anything except that." I felt like I wanted to cry. I knew this girl was playing with me. I knew these girls were different but I also knew in my heart that I would do whatever she asked. The 'no boys' thing didn't bother me at all. I was never that into boys. 

 "You'll be fine, Erica" I felt her kiss the side of my cheek. I leaned back into and she didn't move or push me away. 

 Amanda was still rubbing the back of Erin's head softly. "Erin, you know now that you have done this for Meghan she will probably want you do it all the time. But Lacy is my girl and today was a one time thing with her." Erin was nodding while she licked Meghan. I don't think she really understood what Amanda was saying to her; she was in a zone now, trying to make Meghan cum.

 "You know Erin, since you like to clean up dirty places so much. I am going to let you help me too. Would you like that, little dirty girl? One more dirty little place to clean and you'll be done." I could see Erin nod again. I wanted to 'scream leave her alone! What are you doing to her!?' But I knew she must want this. Erin was even smiling a little. 

 "I have to pee, little dirty girl, I'll be right back." With that Amanda went over to one of the stalls. She left the door wide open and we could see Erin glance over at her every once in a while. 

 "Oh that's it Erin! I am getting so close! Are you ready to get my dirtiest place?" And Erin grabbed her with both hands and pulled her lower. Erin was going at it like some kind of animal. Meghan was actually leaning further away from her as her orgasm approached but Erin moved right with her. 

 When Meghan came I could swear she sounded like a hurt puppy! Her hips where moving so fast I thought for sure she would hurt Erin. But Erin never backed away, she just kept going until Meghan was moving away from her to sit down. 

 "Pull my panties back up for me." Meghan raised her butt off the bench and Erin pulled her panties back into place then Meghan leaned over and kissed her right on the lips. "You are just the sexiest dirty girl I know." Meghan kept kissing her. I could tell Erin wanted more - she was leaning into her. I knew now that nothing was done to Erin she didn't want. She was all smiles and giggles as they made out.   

 "You know Amanda is waiting for you." Meghan was still holding Erin's head and Erin was looking straight at her. "I want you to drop your pants and panties to you knees and crawl over to her. I want you to be really dirty for me. you can play with yourself if you want, but I want it really dirty." 

  Erin just nodded and dropped her pants and panties down to her knees. Meghan leaned in and kissed her right on the lips. "Really dirty Erin, and I want you to make yourself cum." 

 Erin turned slowly toward the stall where Amanda was sitting. Amanda made a come hither motion with her finger and Erin started crawling toward her. 

 I could see Erin's pussy clearly now as she was moving away from us and toward Amanda. She was so wet and she didn't seem reluctant at all. I couldn't believe what she was about to do. I hadn't seen Amanda wipe herself and here was no doubt what was expected. This was definitely the raunchiest, kinkiest thing I had ever seen. 

 Erin lost the wash cloth from her panties about half way there. I could hear her giggling as Amanda kept motioning with her finger. Then Erin arrived and Amanda leaned back against the tank, her legs spread. I was craning my neck, trying to see if she was really wet or not. 

 "Are you going to clean me up now, dirty girl?" It was a question we all knew the answer to. Erin nodded and Amanda grabbed her head and pulled her forward. "Oh this is so dirty! Start playing with yourself Erin. I want you to lick my dirty pussy until you cum."

 I watched as Erin was working her finger in her pussy. It was the dirtiest show. I could hear her licking again and I wondered if her tongue was getting tired. 

 "You are such a bad girl Erin. Licking my pussy right after I pee! I want you to tell me you like it."

 "I like it! I swear I like it!" She was thrusting her hand between her own thighs. At this point there was no doubt in anyone's mind that she liked it. 

 "That's great Erin just like that... oh wow now suck my clit so I can cum and you can clean that up too." Erin came with Amanda right along with her. 



 Meghan ran over and pulled Erin up and kissed her right on the lips. Erin had done that for Meghan and Meghan was giving her a reward.  

Erin never did finishing cleaning up Amanda's cum because Meghan dragged her out into the middle of the floor and started licking her pussy like a woman possessed. It was almost like watching a surreal, erotic wrestling match.

  At the time I thought it was the sexiest thing I had ever seen. Meghan was all over her, pinching her, tickling her and kissing her everywhere. I was not the only one surprised. Everyone was watching this with their mouths open. Erin just laid there and Meghan did whatever she wanted to do. Then Meghan buried her face between Erin's legs and worked her over until she came yet again. 

 Stacy stood me up and we headed for the door "Don't worry, I think Meghan will take very good care of her." Stacy said to me when I looked back over my shoulder.