 "Come on, let me show you the stars!"

Janine stood up and slammed her empty glass down on the bar.

"Don't be silly, you're drunk." Ally took her date's hand with the intention of holding her back, but Janine was so insistent, she allowed herself to be pulled along. "Security are not going to let you out of here," she hissed, as they pushed their way through the crowds.

"You should see some of the states I've flown in... I'm stone-cold sober by comparison."

"You're slurring your words. You'll kill us both." Ally withdrew her hand, sighing heavily.

"You should have some faith in me."

A starship lieutenant with wandering eyes held the door open for them, and received a sharp elbow to the stomach as the two women brushed past into the enormous, open promenade of the station. It was in the shape of a giant, metallic ellipse, with hundreds of bustling shops, bars, restaurants and hotels around the edge.

Janine staggered bullishly along the promenade towards the docks, where her ship was parked. Ally rolled her eyes and followed, muttering, "This had better be worth it."

There was a short queue to get to the small freighter docks, but it didn't take long to get through. The grumpy old man in a booth by the door squinted at Janine and asked for her license. She fumbled in her wallet for what seemed like forever, while Ally grew increasingly nervous. Finally she produced it with a proud smile. Miraculously, he waved them through with barely a glance.

"What did I tell you, eh?"

Ally looked behind her.

"You're the master of subtlety, Janine."

"I totally am! Where are we going again?"

She chuckled as she scanned the complicated network of paths, trying to remember where she was parked. Ally shrugged.

"I don't know, you parked the thing."

Janine pointed theatrically in front of her, towards spacedock D. "This way!"

Ally took her hand and helped her to walk straight as a burly security guard walked past. They walked past small spacecraft from all over the galaxy, before arriving at a modest hummingbird. It was rusty in places, and there were a few sizeable dents and scratches in the paintwork, but to Janine, it was perfect.

"Here she is."

Janine patted the ship's nose, before digging around in her pocket for the keys. They walked around to the door in the side of the bird-shaped ship, and Janine showed Ally inside.

"The cockpit's just through here. Come on, get strapped in."

She steadied herself on the console and lowered herself into the pilot's chair. She fixed all of her straps until they were just right, and helped Ally adjust hers.

"Are you ready?"

Ally nodded dubiously.

"Computer? We're ready to go."

A robotic, feminine voice came through speakers all around the room.

"Detecting high blood alcohol levels. Initialising sobriety test."

"Are you fucking kidding me? Fine, fine..."

Ally tried to hide a giggle behind her long, slender fingers.

"Solve the equation x^4-16=0."

Janine stared at the console incredulously.

"Two? Is two the answer?"

The computer beeped. "The solutions are 2, -2, 2i, -2i. Controls have been locked for a period of two hours."

Ally's victorious laugh rang out through the docks.

"This doesn't usually happen." Janine let out a frustrated sigh. "Well, the stars will have to wait."

"You can't say I didn't tell you..."

Ally unbuckled herself and stood behind Janine's chair. She dug her thumbs between the worn leather seat and her date's shoulders and began to rub them.

"Oh, that feels wonderful."

"Maybe you could show me around the rest of the ship?"

A girlish smile crept onto Janine's lips, and she unbuckled her belt.

"If you don't mind a bit of mess, I'd be happy to show you my cupboard-sized kitchenette - or is that not what you were interested in?"

"You can be so obnoxious. I don't know why I agreed to go out with you."

"Well, we've been on five dates now, so you must like something about me."

Ally shook her head, and swivelled Janine's chair around.

"Come on now. Are you going to let me see your bunk, or what?"

"You should order me around more often. I like it."

Janine's eyes wandered over Ally's curves, accentuated perfectly by her tight purple dress. She put her hands on the other woman's hips, and Ally stepped forward and straddled her, gently grinding against her with a wicked grin. Janine's belly flipped pleasantly, and she pulled Ally towards her, kissing her deeply. Her dress had ridden up to reveal smooth, pale thighs, and Janine's exploratory hands found her lacy underwear.

"Mmm, nice."

Ally drew back primly and stood up.

"So, are you showing me your bunk now?"

Janine was aching; her body already intensely missed Ally's warmth. She pulled herself up, and strutted to the round cockpit door.

"Follow me."

Ally didn't need to be told twice. She hurried after Janine into her cluttered bedroom. There were piles of clothes and books scattered on the floor, and her bed was unmade. She twirled around.

"Welcome to my boudoir." She giggled. "I did warn you about the mess..."

"I don't care about the mess." Ally took both of her hands, and leaned forwards to kiss her. Their lips moved softly against each other, and Janine's hands began to wander again. Ally tugged at Janine's tank top; she lifted her arms and wriggled while Ally pulled it over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra; her round, soft breasts seemed to breathe a sigh of relief as they hung freely, brushing against the smooth cotton of Ally's dress.

Janine's fingers fumbled for the zip, and pulled it down. Her lips brushed over Ally's neck and chest. She inhaled deeply, savouring her gorgeous scent, feeling her body wake up to Ally's proximity. The purple dress slipped down slowly, until it dropped effortlessly off her hips and joined the heap of crumpled clothes beneath her.

"You feel incredible."

Ally unhooked her black, lacy bra, and tossed it towards the wall. She allowed her nipples to brush lightly over Janine's, and then pressed herself close to her, closing the gap between every inch of flesh on their bodies. She dragged her fingers all the way down Janine's back, and slipped her fingers under her jeans.

"You're not wearing any pants." She grinned. "Perfect."

She slowly undid the button fly, and Janine pulled her jeans down. She did an awkward dance to get them over her feet, and then lay backwards on her bed, waiting for Ally to make the next move.

"You're beautiful."

Janine smiled as Ally crawled onto the bed, and traced a warm fingertip up from her foot up to her thigh, and back again. She sat at Janine's side, and leaned over to leave a slow trail of hot kisses from behind her knee to just below where her thighs met. Her warm breath and nose tickled Janine's tangle of dark hairs.

Ally smiled and bit her lip as she drew back. Her fingers replaced her mouth, and she teased at Janine's lips. She leaned over and kissed her neck, whispering, "Turn over, and let me pleasure you."

Janine obliged. She lay on her stomach, gripping the pillowcase beneath her and willing Ally's lips to make contact with her again. When they finally did, Janine gave an involuntary shiver and moan. Her clit was achingly swollen, and she found herself begging to be touched. Ally made frustratingly gentle circles with her fingertip, as her lips teased at the soft skin around Janine's bum.

"Would you like me to..."

Janine didn't give her time to finish her sentence.

"Yes, please."

Ally pressed more firmly with her finger, and her tongue began to tickle between Janine's cheeks. Ally's moan of pleasure vibrated through Janine's body; her knuckles were white where she was holding onto the pillowcase. A string of awestruck words tumbled out of her mouth, and she gasped as Ally's finger replaced her tongue.

"How are you doing this to me?"

Ally's lips curled into a satisfied smile. Janine lifted herself onto her knees, and moved her body in rhythm with her hands. Ally knelt behind her, kissing her lower back and bum as they moved together. As Janine's moans grew louder, she switched back to using her tongue.

"You're amazingly wet," Ally breathed, her fingers sliding easily over Janine's clit.

Janine's hips moved faster as she chased the hot, burning pleasure from Ally's fingers. She pulled the pillowcase towards her, trembling, and cried out as the sensation peaked.

"You look incredible when you come."

Ally lay down next to her, and she turned around for a fierce, sweaty embrace. Janine curled up and yanked the crumpled duvet over the two of them.

"That was wonderful," she murmured, with her eyes firmly closed.

"Don't worry, I'll forgive you for falling asleep. We'll look at the stars tomorrow, okay?"

But Janine was already asleep, snoring softly. Ally smiled, and snuggled up to her. She was a foolish drunk and a show off, but for all her flaws, Janine felt pretty damn perfect in her arms.

Janine opened her eyes and looked around blearily. She'd made it back to the spaceship alright, but she wasn't entirely sure how. The duvet next to her began to move and groan, and she inhaled sharply as Ally's warm arm wrapped around her.

So the date went well, she thought, giving herself a nod of approval. She returned the favour and snuggled up to Ally, holding her soft, naked body close. She cringed and shuddered slightly as memories of the previous night came flooding back. Why had she gotten so drunk?

"Good morning, beautiful," mumbled Ally. Her hair was tickling Janine's breasts. Janine wriggled and chuckled.

"Morning! Fancy seeing you here."

"Well, you did practically drag me here, you know." Ally's finger traced lazy circles over Janine's thigh.

Janine felt her cheeks redden. "I hope I didn't embarrass myself too much."

Ally gave a gleeful giggle. "The worst thing you did was get in the cockpit and fail your ship's sobriety test."

An involuntary groan escaped Janine's lips. "Oh God, I did as well."

Ally giggled again. "You promised me the stars..."

"Let me show them to you later, okay?" There was a hint of desperation in her voice. "Will you stay for breakfast?"

Ally nodded into her chest. "I don't have to be anywhere just yet..." She jerked out of her blissful snooze, unable to let the opportunity to tease slide. "Hey, so who programmed in the sobriety test anyway, your insurance company?"

Janine suddenly felt warm all over, as though her entire body was blushing. She tousled Ally's hair absent-mindedly. "In all honesty, I lost a bet with a computer programmer friend of mine." She wrinkled her nose. "I think it was payback for all the times I scared the shit out of him joyriding around Jupiter."

"Is that where you were going to take me?" Ally raised an eyebrow as she wriggled into an upright position.

Janine smirked. "May-be." She yawned and stretched before sitting up too. "Ugh, sorry for the mess. I wasn't counting on bringing you back here."

Her cabin was still strewn with clothes and trashy old sci-fi novels, and her small desk with sketches and papers, stacked and spread and placed in no order at all. One of the sheets on the desk had a visible doodle that could only be of her and Ally, surrounded by little hearts and stars. She hastily climbed out of bed and buried it under a boring letter about a parking fine she'd received on Mars.

"Do you want a cup of tea?"

Ally nodded and peeled back the cover, but Janine quickly stopped her.

"No, it's okay - let me make it for you."

There was no argument from Ally. With a quiet, "Thank you... milk and two sugars..." she lay back down and allowed the soft, warm duvet to envelope her. Janine's little hummingbird was small, but it was definitely comfy.

Janine sang softly to herself as she put the kettle on to boil. She opened the little fridge for some milk and briefly considered offering her date a can of beer for breakfast, but decided against it. She reached instead for the carton of orange juice and tilted back her head to take a long, desperate swig. After stopping on the space station, Janine's tiny kitchen was bursting with possibilities for breakfast - soft bread, fresh fruit... She'd even managed to get hold of some perfectly ripe avocados.

The kettle began to whistle - it was a strange, artificial whistle, but it reminded her of her dad at home and his obsession with antiques - and she poured hot water over the two teabags in her mismatched mugs, biting her lip as she remembered some of the more pleasant details of the previous night. She'd have to get Ally back somehow, for giving her so much pleasure and asking nothing in return. It was incredible she'd been able to feel anything at all with all the alcohol inside her, let alone come that hard.

She hurried back to the bedroom with the mugs, carefully stepping over the mess to avoid spilling boiling water on herself. Ally was curled up in a ball in the duvet, half awake with proper bed hair. Janine smiled softly to herself. Every time they'd had been out together, Ally had worn understated yet pristine make-up to match her sleek, feminine style. It was slightly disarming to see her with panda eyes and hair sticking out all over the place, but she looked so comfortable and at home any nervousness Janine felt melted away in a lovesick haze.

"Thanks." Ally took the mug and sat up again properly. She took a long sip of tea, and then gave a satisfied sigh. "Are you coming back to bed?"

Janine's heart flipped over like a pancake. (Is that what I should make for breakfast? she wondered.) She shuffled back under the covers, suddenly feeling shy in her nakedness.

"So, I don't know about you... But I had a really good time last night." Ally rested her hand on Janine's thigh, tantalisingly close to her lips.

Janine couldn't help but smile. "Me too. I've enjoyed your company every time we've been together."

"Every time?" Ally raised an eyebrow.

Janine cleared her throat. "Well, we didn't meet under ideal circumstances..."

Ally snorted. "Your date threw a drink in my face."

"When you put it like that..." Chastened, Janine sipped her tea in silence for a few moments. "In my defence, if she'd really been interested in me, she wouldn't have left me waiting so long I thought she'd stood me up."

"Maybe she had a reason." Ally stuck her tongue out. "No, I'm pretty glad she was late."

Janine smiled. Ally's hand was wonderfully warm between her legs; she had yet to heat up again after her excursion to the kitchen.

"Me too. I mean, it was pretty shitty at the time, but then I met you." She chuckled. "I never thought you'd reply to my message after that..."

"Well... you did help me clean up and get home," said Ally, her eyes wide as she stroked around Janine's soft hairs.

Janine gulped down the remainder of her tea, blushing, and set down the mug. "You can touch me if you want to, but I think after last night I owe you some attention."

But Ally's fingers felt so good as they rubbed against her, she got lost in the cacophony of sensations and kissed her urgently. The two women sank down under the covers and before Janine knew what was happening, Ally was sucking on her nipples as her fingers moved deep inside her. She took hold of Ally's slender wrist and held her hand still, resting it on her tingling clit.

"I told you, it's your turn." She grinned. "On your back, let me take charge for once."

Ally giggled and obliged. "What are you going to do?"

"Find out what you like."

Janine kissed Ally's soft neck, and rolled over, allowing their thighs to entangle. Ally gripped her close, grinding against her and kissing her fiercely. Janine propped herself up and looked up and down the gorgeous body beneath her, amazed and entranced, still not able to believe her luck. Her lips moved softly down, from the elegant collarbones to the rounded belly, and beyond. She was gentle, achingly light, and then nibbled on the soft flesh just at the top of Ally's thigh, eliciting a surprised squeak which gave way to a guttural growl.

"I like that." Ally looked down expectantly, a little tense as she waited for Janine's next move. Another growl escaped her as she finally felt the other woman's hot tongue on her clit.

After a few moments, Janine paused, exhaled slowly and tossed the duvet onto the floor. The room had been cold before, but now she was warm and sweaty. She stopped to admire Ally's cunt, before her mouth was drawn back to it. She tasted unwashed and beautiful; her scent filled Janine's breath, keeping the fire white hot between her legs.

"You know... I think I'd like it if I could reciprocate."

Ally's body tensed slightly as she spoke. Janine lifted her head.

"You'd like me to sit on your face?" She looked dubiously at her sturdy body. "I don't want to suffocate you... I mean, that would really ruin our date."

Ally shot her a brief glare, but she couldn't stay annoyed. "Shut up and sit on my face."

Janine raised an eyebrow, and for the first time in months felt self-conscious about her arse, usually one of her better features. But Ally was hungry. She wanted her. Janine grabbed a pillow and put it under Ally, and she shuffled forward with a nervous grin. Janine knelt by her side at first, and pleasured her from that position, slowly working up the courage to climb on top. Sixty-nine reminded her too much of being a teenager - youthful experimentation, crap sex with people who didn't give a fuck about her - but if it was what Ally wanted, she was more than willing to give it another go.

Janine's breasts pressed pleasantly into Ally's stomach as she lowered herself down, still savouring her lover's taste. She was so sensitive to the touch, she juddered and giggled the first couple of times Ally's tongue made contact. They soon settled down into a comfortable rhythm, and Janine cuddled her close; it felt just as good as hugging standing up, only the whole thing was more intimate by a terrifying degree.

The sound of Ally moaning into her, and the vibrations that came with it, were driving Janine wild. She must only have been there five minutes or so, but she was already feeling close to orgasm. She held Ally's fleshy bum in her hands, squeezing and pinching - just gently, though. She felt Ally tense beneath her, as though she might come soon, but then an intense wave of pleasure crept up on her, and she momentarily lost all control. Ally didn't relent until she was well and truly spent. She collapsed briefly and mumbled something about how amazing it all was, before kissing Ally with more fervour than ever.

"Would you like me to do... what you did to me last night?"

Ally shook underneath her as she chuckled. "Play with my arse, you mean?"

Janine wondered when their roles had reversed. "Well, do you want me to?"

"Yes." Ally's tongue went back to slow strokes as Janine licked a finger and began to tease between her soft cheeks.

It took a while for Ally to orgasm, but when she did, she held onto Janine for dear life, shuddering and moaning and almost screaming. Janine felt sure someone would hear them on the docking bay, but she pushed that thought to the back of her mind. She had just made the sexiest woman in the solar system come, and that was all that mattered.