 Hi readers! I'm writing this story on behalf of my friend who shared her experience with me. She wanted to share her experience with others, and decided this would be an excellent way of reaching people of similar interests. The following first person account is exactly the way she narrated it.

*

My name is Kashish, and this is the story of how my life changed from an ordinary, conservative young woman to everything I am proud of being today. I was born to a regular middle class family in India and for the 18 years I had stayed there, I had all the values and culture instilled in me and it was always expected that I would abide by everything I was taught. I never really questioned it much, but part of me did always have the longing that there has to be more to life than the typical mundane routines. Especially for us Indian girls, freedom was something that I often longed for but it was never allowed due to society restrictions.

A few months before my 19th birthday, my family and I moved to the US to start our lives anew. We moved in with my Father's Brother and his family. They had a daughter who was my age, and while we had never met, we did really hit it off. I was surprised at how openly Mehek welcomed me, to the point of sharing her room with me without any complaints. She was a total sweetheart. I had always been taught that family comes first, and while Mehek had been born and raised in the US, she was just like me in her cultural values.

Mehek introduced me to her friends, showed me around her town, and helped me settle in and acclimate to my new life. We were cousins by blood, but friends, and pretty soon best friends by choice. We hung out together, had the same group of friends, shared secrets, everything that best girl friends do. She even told me about the night she lost her virginity to her boyfriend. I must admit that hearing her describe how it happened got me really sexually aroused, and that night while Mehek was asleep, I masturbated for the first time. I only used my fingers and didn't even have an orgasm, but sensation of my fingering rubbing against my velvety wetness was a heavenly experience for me.

A few more months after that, there was a wedding in the family and everyone was invited out of state. However, Mehek and I had to stay behind due to our finals approaching and since this was a crucial year, our parents decided that we were old enough and responsible enough to be left alone. Of course we got the same lectures of concentrating on our studies, not wasting time talking on the phone and the "NO BOYS ALLOWED" in the house routine. 

Our parents left in the afternoon after lunch, and after locking the door behind them Mehek and I went down to the basement to relax for a bit and watch some TV. After a while Mehek announced that she was tired and was going to take a nap. I was still enjoying the TV movie, so watched the rest of it alone. Deciding that a nap wouldn't hurt me either, I went up to our bedroom on the first floor and not wanting to disturb Mehek while she was asleep, I just opened the door unannounced. What I saw completely astounded me.

While Mehek had her eyes partly closed, she was not asleep. In fact she was completely naked, had her legs spread wide open, and was rubbing her pussy with what I later found out was a vibrator. Mehek was taking deep breaths and making soft moaning sounds as the vibrator moved up and down her pussy and then slowly disappeared into her vagina. I heard sounds of sex that weren't coming from Mehek and saw that a hardcore porn movie was playing on the TV in our room. At that moment, I saw a muscular man was fucking a woman doggie style who was in turn eating another woman's pussy. WOW! Mehek was masturbating to a threesome porno and was apparently enjoying herself as her moans were now getting almost as loud as the ones from the TV.

I turned my head to see Mehek was moving that vibrator in and out of her pussy and massaging her clit with the tip, which was glistening with her fluids. I was being hit with a whirlwind of emotions. I could feel myself getting very aroused by the sights and sounds I was being bombarded with. The porn was amazing, and watching Mehek was turning me on so much that it even surprised me. I had never thought of myself as a lesbian, but watching my naked cousin's body in throes of sexual passion was making me hot as well as wet. I saw her mouth open and her tongue lick her lips. Her free hand was cupping her 36C breasts. Now Mehek has an amazing body. At 5'3, she was shorter than me by four inches, but her breasts were perfectly proportional to her slim waist. I am a bit heavier than her and sport 38DD breasts. Her fingers were pressing and twisting her nipples as her other hand start to really ram the vib inside her pussy. My mouth just fell open as she suddenly shut her eyes and arched her back, giving out a deep groan as her orgasm rippled through her. Her breath came out in spasms for a bit before she slowly took out the dildo, and started liking it. Only when she opened her eyes with the vib still in her mouth, did she see me. Her reaction was surprising. She just smiled the biggest smile I had seen her give me. She left the dildo on the bed and walked over to me, and gently held my hand. I just looked at her and she gently touched my face with her finger and then the palm.

"It's ok dear," Mehek whispered and gently took me into the room and sat me down to the bed. She seemed perfectly ok with the fact that not only was she completely naked, but the fact that I had just seen her pleasure herself didn't even faze her. The porno movie was still playing in the background and for a few heartbeats you could only hear the moans of sex from the TV.

Mehek took booth my hands in her and asked, "Did you like what just saw?"

I simply nodded.

Mehek smiled, "Have you ever masturbated?"

"Not really," I said as I found my voice. "I mean I have, but never like this."

"Would you like to?" 

"I don't know," I said honestly. "I've never even imagined something like this. I wouldn't even know what to do or even if I can."

Mehek was silent for a bit still holding my hands, looking at me. Then she said, "would you like me to help you?"

I admit that I was very turned on by that I had seen, but I didn't know what all this meant. With uncertainly raging though my mind, but also knowing that Mehek would never do anything to hurt me, I simply nodded my head. 

Mehek smiled again, and simply took me in my arms and hugged me. I rested my hand on her shoulder while we were sitting side by side on the bed and I felt her rubbing her fingers up and down my back, my head and through my hair. She gently kissed my forehead and then my cheeks. I shivered each time she kissed me and Mehek held me closer. Comforting me, assuring me. 

Then I felt her lips kiss my neck and ripples of pleasure ran though me. My arms automatically wrapped around her naked body and pulled her closer. She continued to kiss my neck from one side all the way to the other, and I felt her hand hold mine and bring it between us. She broke our embrace and as she looked at me, brought my hand to her breast. It felt soft yet firm to my touch and I unconsciously started squeezing it. My palm was covering her nipple and my fingers were gently caressing the fullness of her breast as they moved up and down with every breath. As Mehek let go of my hand, I moved it slowly down slowly, still staying on her breasts, but now moving my thumb across her nipple. Rolling it around, feeling the nub get harder under my thumb. 

I saw Mehek close her eyes as she embraced me again. She kissed my neck again holding me close as my hand crushed her heaving breast. The more she kissed the harder I tried squeezing her breasts. Her hands were rubbing up and down my back, and when she broke our embrace again, her hands were on my shoulders and she pulled down the straps of my tank top, pulling my tank down to my waist, exposing my breasts to her (I wasn't wearing a bra since the tank had a shelf bra in it).

"God, Kash, your breasts are awesome." I have rather large areolas that make my breasts look bigger than they are.

Mehek started rubbing around the base of my breasts and made squeezing motions around and up until she reached my nipples. My nipples were hard when she reached them. She flicked them with her thumb, pinched them, and rubbed them. She felt them with the base of her hand and with her fingers. Then as she caressed the soft skin on my heavy breasts she looked at me, and for the first time there was sensuality in our eyes.

She got closer to me and this time, rather then going towards my neck again, her lips came closer and closer to mine. Our breaths were getting shallow and my mind was in turmoil. I was overcome with lust, yet this was completely new territory for me. Finally our lips met. Mehek's lips were so soft, and tender that all my fears just melted away. The lips lingered for a bit. I had never kissed a girl on the lips before, and was a bit nervous, but Mehek didn't seem to mind, so we hugged each other and when we broke, I kissed her again, this time a little more passionately. Mehek responded by pulling me closer and slipping her tongue into my mouth. Our breasts were being crushed together and our kiss grew more and more passionate. Mehek was running her hand through my hair and caressing my face, while my fingers were running up and down her naked back. Our tongues were snaking into each other mouths, our lips sucking on each other. 

Mehek gently made me lie down on her bed and she kissed me harder. Her hand was rubbing my face and then running a finger up and down my neck. Her lips continued to ravage mine when her hand cupped by breast. She wrapped her fingers around my supple flesh, and started rubbing her thumb over my nipple poking out. When our lips parted I opened my eyes and saw Mehek moving to my nipple that by now was very hard and had turned a dark shade of brown. She let go of my breast and started kissed the imprints her hand had left on the soft skin. Her hand moved to my other breast as she planted butterfly kisses all around my nipple, taking little of my flesh in her mouth. Mehek certainly knew the art of teasing. She was completely ignoring my hard nipple which was now begging to be sucked.

She took out her tongue and the areola around the hard nub, flicking her tongue at the base of my nipple. I was breathing heavy and with every breath I was raising my chest closer and closer to her mouth. Finally looking at my lustful yet pleading eyes, she opening her mouth and took my whole nipple in, sucking hard on it. Jolts of pleasure were running up and down me like lightning bolts. She sucked on my nipple as her tongue licked around the hard nub. Letting some of the breast out, she bit my nipple and tugged on it while pinching the other nipple with her nipples at the same time.

Letting this one go suddenly, Mehek started ravishing my other breast. She was not as gentle with this one, sucking on it harder and harder. Even she started groaning as she devoured my breast in her mouth. Then cupping both breasts with her hands, Mehek pushed my nipples together and started to lick both nipples at the same time. She opened her mouth and bit both of them at the same time making me squeal in a mixture of pain and pleasure.

By this time I had given myself up to the waves of pleasures that Mehek was taking me on. All reservations, thoughts, troubles, doubts, everything had vanished from my mind. My body was hers and she knew it. My breasts were red and bit ridden with her onslaught and I could tell that this was only the beginning for her and me. She kissed down my belly, licked around my navel and then pulled my shorts and panties down. I was so wet, that my panties were sticking to my pussy and the separation of the fabric from my pussy made me shiver at how wet Mehek had made me.

"Mmm Kash, you are soaking wet down here" she purred.

She placed her index finger and middle finger on each of my labia, and gently stroked them as she felt my pussy. She continued to stroke them, and I felt myself getting wetter again. She gazed at my pussy. I felt her eyes fixed on my pussy, and it made me feel hotter down there.

"I know"

She softly gasped as she parted my lips, "Wow", she seemed fascinated at my pussy, slowly ran a finger down my hot and wet slit.

"Mehek, that feels really nice what you're doing"

We lay there for a moment, Mehek gently stroking my pussy. I was getting wetter and wetter. She parted my pussy lips further, and with her other hand, she slid one finger into my vagina.

"Mmmmmmm" I moaned as she entered me, "Ooooh yeah that's good!"

Her finger was already wet from her own pussy juices. Our pussy juices mixed as she slowly slid it all the way inside. Her finger disappeared in my pussy, and re-appeared as she pulled it out. She continued pumping me softly with her finger, and then she pulled it out

I bucked my hips upwards a little, giving her even better access to my crotch, and I played with my breasts, caressing them and pinching the nipples. She used the juice from my vagina to moisten my clit, and her finger rotated around my little pleasure knob. It felt even better than when I do it to myself. My clit fully emerged from its hood, and she carried on pleasing it.

"Oh Kash, I love your pussy! It's so soft, and it's tighter than mine" she exclaimed.

Her words were orgasmic. I writhed with the pleasure, and stretched my legs out, placing them on her thighs. She slipped a second finger inside, and curled her fingers up and rubbed the inner wall of my vagina with her fingertips.

"Oohhhh Mehek that's amazing! Mmmmmmmm yeah keep doing that... it feels soooooo goood"

She happily obliged, and placed her thumb on my clit again and pressed it. This felt heavenly - my G-Spot and my clit being pleasured at the same time, I felt my orgasm slowly building up. My body writhed and bucked, as I continued playing with my breasts. I was cumming all over her hands. I moaned and groaned as she finger fucked me so expertly, my body writhing and bucking on the bed.

"OOOoooohhh Mehek! I'm cumming! Mmmmmmmmmmmmm Ohhhhh....", and my voice trailed off.

She didn't say anything, she just concentrated on my pussy. I felt my vaginal walls close in around her fingers in an absolutely intense orgasm, but Mehek didn't stop. In all this pleasure I didn't even ask her why she was carrying on, all I could do was moan more. About 30 seconds after the first orgasm, I felt another one, just as intense as the first. Was I having multiple orgasms? I'd heard so much about them, but didn't know if I'd ever had them. 

Thinking I was done, I took some deep breaths, but them Mehek pulled out the vib that she had been using, and turned it on. The humming sound immediately brought a flash back of Mehek fucking herself with it, when I felt the vib touch my clit and I literally moaned like an animal in heat.

"Oh Lord," were the only understandable words that came out of my mouth.

She moved the vib up and down my slit and around my clit. My clit was throbbing and I has started oozing my juices freely now. Then it happened. Mehek then guided the vib into my pussy. This was the first time I was being penetrated and the discomfort was nothing compared to the pleasure I was feeling. Mehek went in slow, rubbing my clit gently as the vib slid deeper and deeper, until it was all in. For a time she played with me, varying the tempo, bringing me to the brink of orgasm before letting me down. Finally she thrust long and deep and continued to hump against me until I screamed with my climax. I was left breathing hard, my body a sweaty and trembling mess. But she didn't stop. After giving me a moment to catch my breath she fucked me again with her vib. Suddenly the vibrations stopped inside my pussy and Mehek pulled it out. I saw it was glistening with my juices. She looked at it for a second, and suddenly ran out of the room leaving me breathless and confused. She ran back within seconds with a big grin and a cucumber. 

"The vib is dead for now, but we're not done yet dear." She smiled

Before I would say anything, she got between my legs and gently inserted the cucumber into my pussy. The cucumber was a bit bigger than the vib, so the pressure of my gspot was making me buck my hips more. I don't know how much of the cucumber was in me, but soon Mehek was moving the cucumber back and forth and fucking me with full force. It didn't take long for the familiar intensity of pleasure to come back and soon Mehek was bringing me to orgasm after orgasm. Only after my fourth orgasm did she finally let us and slowly pull out the cucumber from my completely fucked pussy. 

I was exhausted, but couldn't believe at how much pleasure had given me. She crawled out from between my pussy and moved up, hugging me again. She looked at me, and we kisses again for a long time. Her hands caressed my breasts as I wrapped my arms around her. The heat from our bodies was immense and both of us had started to perspire again. The hotter we hot, the more intensely we kissed each other. Again, the room was echoing with the sounds of our wet kisses.

Taking the initiative, I ease Mehek on her back, and I started kissing her. she then places her hand on my head and gently lower me down her body. She took her left breast her hand and raised it for me. Getting the message I leaned over and took the offered nipple into my mouth. I let my tongue swirl around the nub until it was fully extended before starting to suck at her breast. I sucked greedily, loving this new level of intimacy with Mehek.

She lifted her right breast now and lowered it onto my welcoming mouth. Again I sucked hungrily, letting my tongue explore her nipple and enjoying the rough texture of her areola. This time I nipped her nipple with my teeth. Mehek squealed and I did it again.

"Oh Kash...." Mehek closed her eyes.

Talking the hint I slipped free of her breast and pushed Mehek back onto the pillows. She stretched her arms above her head and her tits were heaving before me. I pushed them together and began to squeeze them forcibly now, manipulating them, pinching them, biting her nipples. Mehek began to squirm under my attentions, groaning and sighing.

'Yes, baby, God yes. Squeeze me harder!" Mehek moaned

She threw back her head, gripping it between her hands. Her supple body shook and trembled as she came - and she came hard and loud. Only when her climax had subsided did I remove my mouth from her nipple and slide my own breasts across hers, reaching for her mouth. I kissed my lover and gazed deep into the passion of her eyes.

"I've never cum with just my nipples being sucked" She said in amazement, and kissed me harder. Pointing to the cucumber lying on the bed, she said, "Now my pussy wants to be fucked." 

I grabbed the cucumber and moved between her legs and found that she was already flowing. I hold the cucumber in my hand and pressed the tip on her quivering pussy. With my other hand I opened her pussy folds and slide the tip of the cucumber into her hole. Mehek groaned again. Instinctively, I twisted the cucumber as I pushed it in, and Mehek moaned again. 

"Deeper Kash, fuck my pussy deeper. I'm so horny." She moaned.

Mehek hooked her arms into her knees and pulled back, spreading her legs as she brought them back towards her head. I gave the cucumber a push and soon almost the whole thing was in my cousin's sexy pussy. The only part left out was the part I was holding onto. Mehek again gave her animal groan and fisted her head up. The look in her eyes was of pure lust. What a sight it was to see Mehek's legs wide apart and her pussy filled fully with the cucumber. It was obvious that the cucumber had stretched her pussy too.
