 It happens every time two people who were meant to be together connect through ways other than face to face. They share the same likes and dislikes. Sexually, they could fulfill each other's dreams without being inhibited or even feeling ashamed. 

Imagine the feelings they will share when we finally get the chance too connect. With lips locked as their tongue's wrestle each other and bodies molded together breaking a sweat. No one to stop them or keep them apart...

I come to you, but then you could come to me. None of that matters now. I have everything set up in a cozy little road side haven. Any toys we might like to use and, of course, you would love to use as well. They are all arranged on the table in the corner. Even ones tied or cuffed to the bed. Nothing between us and no one to catch us, left to our own devices to fill our few days together how ever we want to. 

Inside the room, I wait impatiently. Long nights spent together online typing and playing on the cam, innocently of course! Hours we spent on the phone talking. Finally realizing that the woman I have wanted to feel beside me is going to walk through that door at any moment.

I am so tense and my breath is quickening. Inside me, I am jittery and my pussy is already moist with the anticipation of the feel of your tongue or one of you sensual toes sliding into me. I hear footsteps, my legs begin to bounce up and down nervously. My nipples harden, and my heart begins to race.

There's the knock I've been waiting for and I rush to the door, throwing it wide open. There you stand with your hand resting along the side of the railing. Six foot three, broad shoulders, wearing a buttoned, long sleeve, navy blue buttoned down silk shirt and sexy tight ass black jeans. I knew you were tall but it did not hit me how tall until we were face to face. I have never met another woman as tall and as breathtaking as you.

I am standing there looking up into her face with those damn eyes. Sexy smoldering grey eyes twinkling with mischief. She stands there smiling down at me. I am five foot three and can only imagine what she could possibly be thinking. I am smiling as wide as I can and feeling like a school girl let loose inside a candy factory just waiting to taste and try anything that I can get my hands or mouth on.

'Oh my fucking God, It is really you!'

With out letting her say anything, I grab her shirt. Pulling her into the motel room while kicking the door shut behind us. I lead us to the bed. I stand on the bed to look into her eyes. She is quite surprised. I look down at her breasts and see that her nipples have hardened. 

Looking back into her eyes, I cock my head to the side while smiling and licking my full lips, 'Are you ready, Baby?'

I ask her while throwing my arms around her neck. I press my lips against hers. A throaty moan escapes from me. She responds by grabbing my legs, separating them as we fall back onto the bed. I am on my back with my arms wrapped around her neck and my legs wrapped even tighter around her waist. 

She grinds her hips into mine, running her hands down my sides with her slightly larger hands gripping my hips firmly. She brings herr hands back up my stomach. She grips my large ample breasts while squeezing just hard enough to make me moan harder against her mouth. Shivering with lust, I begin thrusting my hips against hers. She rips my shirt open with buttons flying everywhere. 

'So much for this pretty shirt,' she says smiling wickedly at me. I smile innocently back at her. 

'Don't smile at me like that. I know you are far from innocent!' 

She says laughing at me while yanking my pants roughly from me. I watch her every move. Feeling myself getting warmer and wetter just wanting her to fuck me how ever and where ever she wished. 

Fully naked, I ease myself to the edge of the bed. She takes your shirt off while I run my hands up her stomach, over her breasts and down her arms. 

Her hands are starting to unbutton her jeans, but I stop her. Smiling up at her sweetly, 'Damn, how the hell can you look so sweet and yet be such a damn tease?'

'I'm not teasing you any more, am I?" I say to her while laughing softly.

'No, but you are going to be very sore when I am thru with you, Baby.' 

Still smiling sweetly while blinking shyly up at her I take the corner of her jeans and pull back with my teeth. Slowly her zipper opens. I roughly yank her jeans along with her purple satin boxers to her ankles. She places her hands on my shoulders to balance herself. She had already removed her shoes and socks. I could smell the faint odor of her feet. 

She had painted her toes a deep burgundy color. She had the size of a man's foot but the sensual shape of a woman's. I was fascinated by the veins along the tops of her feet. The way they curved and arched here and there. The way the color on her nails just seemed to float on the tops of the nails. I could hardly control my excitement

Helping her the rest of the way out of her jeans, I kissed the tops of each foot. I ran my hands up along her sensual legs. She was definitely all woman no matter her size and I felt privileged to be in her presence. I kissed my way along each of her legs up to the sides of her mound.

'How do you want me?' I asked her in a deep husky voice with a soft southern hint of an accent. 

'I'm going to take you how ever I want." she places her hands on both sides of my face. Looking deeply into my eyes.

'God, you are so beautiful. I never could quit thinking how beautiful you are. Your eyes, damn, I could get lost in them. Your lips, my God, you do not know how long I have wanted to feel them around my nipples. Hell, feel them any where and every where on me.'

'Nothing stopping you, excepting your own mouth right now Darling.' I still sounded teasingly sweet and innocent while my eyes betrayed me and she could see the freak in me wanting to get out. 

Her hands move slowly through my long reddish blonde hair, gripping it tightly. She moves my head toward her mound. I turn my head from side to side. I love feeling the pull and enjoying the feel of her hands in my hair.

Licking my lips while I place my hands on her hips. I pull her to my waiting mouth as well. Opening my lips slowly, I kiss the outer lips of her sex with my full lips kissing and letting my tongue quickly dart between her lower lips. Her body quivers at the touch of my tongue darting as quickly as it did. 

I watch as I am wetting my lips to make sure they will slide smoothly around her bare lips. Licking them again to make sure they are very moist. I gently pull apart her lips with my hands. Her

Her clit is exposed to me. Already in a swollen state just waiting for my mouth to finish her off. I take her clit gently between my lips while showing her exactly how I can use my mouth.

She makes a grunting noise as her body responds with soft, sweet convulsions, 'Damn, I knew you were going to be good, but I did not know just how damn good till now!'

I smile at her with her clit caught between my teeth gently. Starting to go faster I twist my mouth and tongue around the inside of her folds.

'MMMMMMMMM, Damn, Baby!' She guides my head faster as her slit begins to throb harder against my tongue. I slowly position my fingers against her sex, not inserting a finger. She can feel my warm and moist tongue rolling and twirling faster around her clit.

She pulls my head away with one hand full of my long hair. It is her turn to smile at me, 'Not just yet, you little minx. What else are you going to let me do to you?' She asks me in a deep sexy lust filled kind of voice. I run my tongue over my lips smiling up at her. I roll over onto my back and ease up on my elbows. 

'Well, I am here. I told you that you could do anything you wanted to me for the past couple of months. Now cum get me.' I open my legs wide with my knees bent. I place my right hand between my thighs and with my middle finger I start going in circles around my clit. '

'MMMMMMmmm, Holy Shit,' Is all that she can manage to say while watching me place two fingers inside me. 

'Come on, Girl, show me what you got and how you can use it. Make me scream. Make me beg. If you can, that is.' I say to her while licking my lips with a sly crooked smile on my lips. Then tasting my fingers as I make a moaning sound. I suck my juices from my fingers.

'Oh, I got your girl and she's going to make you beg and scream,' She says as she crawls across the bed to me. With her on top of me, I wrap my legs around her waist, 'I'm going to fuck all your holes.'

'Bring it on, show me, don't tell me!" With her lips against mine our tongues wrestle with one another. She roughly rams her middle and ring finer deep into my warm moist pussy. It responds by gripping her fingers tightly. I moan deeply against her rough kisses. I start to move against her hand. She grips my bottom lip with her teeth. I stop moving and look into her eyes. '

'Don't move so damn fast,' she warns me. I smile at her as she releases my lip. 'Ok, but do not start something that you cannot handle." 

She grinds her hips against mine. It is her turn to smile at me innocently, 'What do you mean?" Her eyes are wide and innocent. Smiling, I rake my nails down her back gently but roughly. 

Just rough enough to leave red marks, but they will not last long. She arches her back driving her fingers as deep as she can my pussy, 'Ouch, you Bitch!' She said laughing as she says that. She grips my hands with her own. 

'I should have known you were going to do that!" She was kissing me roughly now. I kiss her back just as roughly. She begins to kiss down my neck. I slowly arch my back. Grinding my hips against her fingers. I move slowly. I can feel something start to stir inside me. 

I begin to softly moan against her kisses. She knows this sound. She has heard it over the phone while watching my reactions on cam.

She pulls her mouth away from mine and she looks into my eyes. I look back at her. She knows without a doubt what is beginning to happen. Her body quivers with the anticipation. She kisses my ample breasts while savoring the taste of my dime shipped nipples. 

Her tongue rolling quickly around my nipples. My breath is coming is quick short bursts. I begin to moan a little louder. She knows how loud I can become and she enjoys it.

She takes her fingers from between my legs. I make a small whimpering sound of defiance. She places her fingers soaked in my juices inside along my lips. I instantly begin sucking my juices from her fingers. 

She kisses her way down to my mound. She pulls her fingers from my mouth and opens my lower lips exposing my swollen clit. She darts her head quickly between my legs taking my clit inside her lips. She sucks as hard as she can making me quiver in delete. 

I begin to make light moaning sounds. I sound as if I am a kitten in full purr stage. My fingers dig into my thighs. 

She is relentless. Sucking hard then darting her tongue deep inside my wet pussy. Her face becomes a shiny sticky mess. She places her mouth fully around my clit pushing hard against my mound. 

I am loosing it. I begin to have convulsions as wave after wave of extasy courses through my body. It starts slowly at first spreading from my clit through out my body. 

I begin to moan loudly and making unintelligible phrases. I look as if I am having a seizures. She does not give up. She keeps the same amount of pressure against my clit. I beg her to stop while trying to unhinge her from my clit. 

I keep begging her to stop. I have never had any one have this voracious an appetite for my pussy juice. I begin to feel the stirrings again. I cannot believe that I am about to have another orgasm this quickly. 

'Oh my god, Baby. Please, stop.' I keep saying those words over and over to no avail. She reaches up with her hands taking my nipples between her fingers. She starts to squeeze them gently. 

I moan louder than I did the first time around. Grinding my hips against her face. The pressure on my nipples send an electric shock straight to my clit. I begin to convulse again.

Never have I felt such an intense orgasm. I feel the muscles between my legs slam shut repeatedly as cum again and again. I can feel my juices pouring out of my pussy. 

I can feel my hot juices flowing between the crack of my ass. I grip her hair tightly in my hands, 'Oh fuck yeah! Holy shit! Oh my God!' those are the only words I can say while in the throws of such extasy.

She begins to slowly let up the pressure against my clit. I feel as if my body is not my own. My hands lie limply against my thighs. My breathing is rapid and quick. My eyes are tightly closed with my eyes rolled toward my forehead. I can feel her tongue lapping at my pussy like a kitten would a saucer of milk. I am putty in her hands.

She kisses my clit making me shiver uncontrollably. Kissing my thighs and along my stomach, she makes her way up to my breasts. She begins to suck on my right nipple running her tongue over it some more. 

Holding it between her teeth she runs one of her hands down my left side and grips my ass cheek. She squeezes it roughly making my body shudder. Running her hand back up my side she grips my other breast. Releasing my right tit as she kisses me some more. 

Then she whispers in my ear, 'That was a very good girl. I moan softly, gripping your waist with my legs. Then kiss me softly. I begin to relax, breathing a little slower, 'Holy fucking shit!' Is all I can manage to say. She laughs lightly. 'Damn that was intense. I think I broke one of my hips!' 

She breaks out into a loud, deep laugh that shakes my whole body, 'Are we done then?' I look into her eyes while she smiles widely at me, 'Oh HELL, no we are not!" She says as she kisses me roughly.

'Damn, Woman, that was fucking worth the wait!'

'You're telling me? Fuck, yeah it was!'

We take a shower, washing each other then dry each other off. Then we leave the motel room for something to eat... who knows maybe a scenic fuck somewhere? Or a blow job in the truck on the way to eat?