 Having spent a couple of wild days in Destin with Laney, my 18 year old lover, I wanted to prepare myself for a new adventure. 

After taking Laney back home from Destin and then returning back to the condo to prepare myself was nerve whacking. 

I kept trying to calm down by either soaking in the hot tub or taking myself shopping but the closer the time came for her to show up, I was a nervous wreck. I still wasn't sure if she was going to show up at all. 

Around 7pm or so, I decided to take a shower and try to relax. Like that was going to happen. Let me describe Anique to you. She is 35 years old, 5' 2" tall, just past the shoulders brunette hair, 34C breasts, a tight, firm ass, and very shapely legs. Needless to say, Anique is one hot M.I.L.F. 

As I was standing under the shower running my soapy hands between my legs, I was thinking back to the first encounter I had with Anique over 4 months ago. The first time I showed her I was interested. Then how it progressed and now I was wondering how far we/she would go.

That first encounter began when I drove into work with Anique. I remember telling myself that there was no way I would ever have a chance with her. 

Well, since I knew I was going to ride with her, I dressed extra sexy wearing a mini-skirt with a slit in the front and wearing small, see-through panties so I could tempt her. 

I was also wearing a tight button up blouse. As we were driving to work, I kept turning towards her so my slit would open, giving her a good view of my panties and my pussy through the material. 

It was funny the first time she noticed, she almost wrecked looking. I could tell I was having the desired effect on her that I wanted. She was so flustered that she said she needed to stop and get something cold to drink. 

When we stopped, I made up an excuse to use the bathroom while she got her drink. When I got to the bathroom, I adjusted my panties so my lips could be seen protruding through my panties. 

When I got back into the car and adjusted myself, I noticed that Anique had unbutton the last button on her skirt so I could see more of her legs and almost her thong when her dress was just the right way. 

She noticed my panties also and my pussy straining at my panties. The rest of the way to work, we both were squirming not only from trying to give each other better looks but also from the tension building up. 

After I got to work, I was so horny that I had to go to the restroom to give myself a quick finger fuck. I was wet the rest of the morning thinking about her. 

About 11:30, Anique called and wanted to know if I would go to lunch with her. When we walked through the restaurant, every guy in there turned to stare at us, more staring at Anique's hot body but I didn't care. 

We sat down besides one another in a booth where we both could see each others skirts riding up. 

Somehow without me noticing, Anique had unbutton 2 more buttons of her skirt allowing me to see more of her. My panties were still soaked with my juices and I could tell that Anique was aroused by seeing that.

Somewhere during our chit-chat, Anique blurted out and asked me why I was so wet. At first I wasn't sure if I had heard her right so I asked her to repeat it. She said she had noticed how wet my panties were and asked why. 

So, I told her about the ride in with her. For a few minutes, she didn't say anything but then she told me she thought I was bi. I asked her if it bothered her. She said no and that she would never do that, but she also said that she had gotten "excited" today with our teasing and enjoyed it. 

I didn't push the issue but when she went to use the ladies room, I took off my panties and hid them in her purse. My pussy was throbbing and I was tingling all over. 

I didn't replace my panties all afternoon and on the ride home from work, I didn't show my pussy to Anique even though she left the two buttons undone so I could see her thong. I was getting so wet, I thought I was going to leak all over her car.

When we stop at my house to drop me off, we had small talk for a few minutes, then Anique reached into her purse and pulled out my panties. I was so embarrassed and just knew she was going to be mad. 

She was rubbing her fingers through them and she finally asked if they were meant for her, which I nodded my head yes. At that, she put them up to her face and got a good smell. She then told me to not get any ideas but she did like the smell. 

She then shocked me by taking off her thong, letting me view her beautiful shaved pussy and then putting on my panties. She then handed me her thong and said, I guess turn around is only fair. So, I took her thong and put them on me, allowing her to see my moist pussy, which she gave a nice smile.

She said again that's she's not looking to have sex with me or any other woman, but she did get hot and horny and was willing to entertain the thought of exploring different ways of having fun like we did today. I told her, I think we could do that.

That was 4 months ago. We teased and flirted more over those months and then I invited her to Destin.

I didn't even realize that I was playing with my clit while thinking back. After giving myself a quick release, I got out of the shower and was sitting on the bed with just a short bathrobe on with nothing underneath.

My mind was drifting, thinking about her hot body when she knocked at the door. When I opened the door, she was standing there in a pair of shorts that clearly showed her pussy lips. The shorts created a perfect camel toe, along with her tight, firm ass being nicely showcased. 

She was also wearing a shoestring halter that were hugging her 34C breasts nice and firm. Just looking at her made my legs go weak and my pussy was soaked. That image still causes my pussy to tingle.

She was looking sexy and I was getting hot and horny very quickly. I told her to look around the condo while I got dressed. After looking around, we were sitting on my bed talking but I was spending more time looking at her smooth legs than talking. 

At one point, my towel fell on the floor. She leaned down to pick it up and when she did, her body brushed mine so close I could feel her warmth. I wondered if she did it on purpose so I could smell her because she smelt fantastic. 

Her fragrance was so fresh and clean, her shampoo or body wash was a light peach scent. I kept thinking, was she as juicy as the fruit? It was all I could do to resist finding out right then.

Then I don't know what happen but I blurted out, "I don't know if I can wait that long," as if I was deep in thought and I was. I knew I caught her off guard and not sure of what to say, she finally said, "maybe you won't have to" with a gleam in her eye. 

Her smile was innocent girl-next-door, but her eyes told me I could be in for the fuck of my life.

"I promise I will make it worth your while," Anique said, reaching out and running her hand along my bare leg. I leaned forward until our lips were almost touching. 

Our first kiss was the most sensuous I have ever had in a long time. Her lips were so soft and inviting, I never wanted to stop; her taste was heavenly. 

We explored each others mouths until our breathing started to get out of control. I pulled away and looked deep into her eyes. 

I told her, "As much as I'd love for this to continue, I want you to be sure". My pussy was on fire and I wanted so much to go on but I would wait if need be. 

After a brief moment, I moaned as she leaned in, kissing me hard. Her tongue was everywhere in my mouth. After letting her in to my awaiting mouth and receiving a deep and lingering french kiss, my headed was dizzy and I was soaked with sweat and needed another shower. 

I knew I needed to calm down and get myself back in control so I told her I was just about to take a shower and for her to unpack and make herself comfortable. I could see she was disappointed I backed off but I needed to get my head back together before I could continue. 

That didn't last long because when I walked out of the bathroom after my shower, there was Anique lying on my bed, naked but for a pair of thong panties. 

Her eyes were closed and her knees were up and spread. One hand was down the front of her panties rubbing tiny, quick circles around her clit while she pinched her pink nipple with the other.

"My aren't we horny tonight," I said, towel-drying my hair. Even from across the room, I smelled her arousal; that sweet aroma that made my pulse quicken. Moisture glistened off her fingers.

Anique opened her eyes, looking at me through the fog of an approaching orgasm. Her gaze went from my face to my breasts, quickly falling on my tiny patch of brown pubic hair. 

Knowing her eyes were on me caused a tingle in my belly, and I shifted my weight sideways spreading my legs. The cool air met my moist pussy as it opened slightly. Anique licked her lips.

"If you were really a friend, you'd come over here and help me with this," she said. 

"What's in it for me?" I watched her fingers play her clit like a musical instrument. 

"This," she said, sticking her tongue out and wiggling the tip like a snake. "Come sit on this."

With a high-pitched squeal, I threw the towel aside. I dove into her arms and we rolled around the bed laughing and hugging. I grabbed her hand from her pussy and brought it to my face smearing her juices on my lips. Then I sucked her fingers clean. "We should bottle this stuff," I said, smacking my lips. 

"Flattery will get you everywhere," Anique said with a wink. "Now get busy down below, girl. I need some loving." 

I propped up on my elbow and kissed Anique while I reached down pulling her leg up to caress it. 

She ran her hand affectionately along my face as we broke the kiss and I lightly traced her left breast. I could not resist her soft, sweet mouth so we kissed again. 

As I kissed her, I ran my hand down her side along her leg that draped across my hip. Her skin was soft and her fragrance was that wonderful hint of fresh peaches. And I wanted to eat her peach so bad.

My mouth was on her breast, her nipple hard against my tongue. Anique moaned as I sucked, my hands roaming across her warm belly. Then I moved between her legs and laid down on top of her, licking and loving her other breast. She just stroked my hair, whispering how good it felt.

I laid between her legs moving my eager mouth down between her breasts. I hugged her legs tight against my sides leaving wet kisses and nibbles across her stomach. She stretched her arms over her head in surrender. She watched me through half-closed eyes as I worked my way down her delicious body.

Licking and kissing her inner thighs, I moved ever closer to her warm, moist pussy. I bit and chewed on the soft, sensitive skin on each side of her pussy; she was in heat and her scent was everywhere. 

I chewed and licked that wonderful soft valley where her thigh met her pussy. The glistening on her pussy told me how wet and aroused she was. I wiped my face across her pussy feeling the moisture on my cheeks. 

Anique spread her legs as I gently rubbed her pussy through the thin fabric of the thong. She moaned, moving her hips in a slow, sexy rotation, responding instinctively to my touch.

I reached up to her breast, caressing it as I sank my face back to her hot, soaked pussy. Her smell was intoxicating; I was drunk on it. 

I moved back up and sucked her nipple into my hungry mouth. Anique watched me as she continued to run her hands through my hair.

Then we were kissing passionately, moaning into each other's mouths, our arms wound tight, our bodies maneuvering to bring our pussies together. 

Anique's hands were on my ass, loving me with tender strokes. We were grounding our cunts together in a slow, erotic rhythm.

"You are so hot," I whispered into her ear. 

"You just say that to get in my panties," she said between moans. 

"Does it work?" I ran my tongue around her earlobe. 

"Every time." 

Then she pushed on my shoulders. "Now, do you wanna whisper sweet nothings or fuck me?"

"Both," I said, and with a quick kiss, I was back down between her legs, licking every inch of her along the way. The cool sheets felt wonderful as I positioned myself on my stomach.

Anique raised her legs and I swung them over so she was on her side with her ass toward me. I bit and licked her sculptured hip while stroking her pantie-clad pussy, the material still soaked with her hot juices and strong, sweet fragrant. 

Hooking my finger in her thong, I pulled it aside and ran the tip of my tongue along her ass, sampling the tangy sweet flavor that was one hundred percent pure Anique. 

Her puckered ass looked so yummy and inviting, and as much as I wanted to spend the rest of the night loving it, it was a delicacy I would save for later. 

Then I rose up over her hip, pushing my face between her legs and forcing her on her back. As I stuck my nose in her pussy, Anique spread her legs in invitation, her panties now dripping with hot juices. 

I couldn't wait any longer, finally the moment I had been dreaming of was here and I just had to taste her. 

Grabbing the seam of her crotch, I pulled her panties aside, kissing her tenderly. Anique stroked my hair as I gave her soft licks and sweet kisses. 

Just as I dreamed of, she had the most sweet tasting pussy and I loved licking her pussy lips until they turned pink and puffy. 

As she spread her legs, her outer lips opened like a flower and her warm juices coated my tongue.

She moaned when I took long slow licks up and down her slit, her short shave pussy hairs tickling my nose. I could feel my cunt dripping while little spasms quivered my pussy walls.

I gently placed her panties back over her pussy and pushed her legs together up in the air. Then I took each side of her panties, pulling them as she raised her ass off the bed. 

My heart raced when I saw the material reluctantly peel away from the sticky wetness of her outer lips revealing the closest thing to heaven I had ever known.

I worked her panties up her legs, sliding them over her petite feet. Anique licked her fingers and squeezed her nipples while she watched me put the panties to my nose and smell her juicy peach and pussy. 

I was completely overcome with lust as her scent filled my head. I envied the delicate silk that snuggled her pussy all day.

"When I die," I said with a wink, "I want to come back as a pair of these." I kissed the moist crotch. 

As long as they're my panties," she said, spreading her legs in surrender. She stroked her clit, getting it ready for me. Then she opened her lips wide, showing me nothing but pink.

"Is this what you want?" she trembled. 

"More that anything."

Pulling her knees up, she said, "Come eat your peach." Moaning with desire, I ran my tongue over her ass and up along her pussy lips, now coated with her wetness.

I moved her hands out of the way and spread her wide; her clit emerged, hard and round like a precious pearl. I licked and sucked it, feeling her hips respond. She gasped, telling me she was so ready to fuck.

Anique ran her hands over her breasts, breathing heavily. Her eyes closed and I knew she was drifting toward bliss. I slowly licked her letting my tongue slip down to her ass to remind me of that hidden treasure. 

While I licked her, I reached back, sliding my finger up and down the moist crack of my ass and into my cunt. I was so turned on, so wet. 

Taking her clit between my lips, I sucked hard, moving my head back and forth. This drove her crazy and she screamed, squirming so that I could hardly hang on.

Then I increased my attack, sucking her clit up between my lips, biting it, and jerking my head side to side like a feasting shark. 

Anique screamed for me to fuck her harder as she thrashed around beating the sheets and arching her back. 

With a final high-pitched squeal, her body stiffened and a delicious warm gush of her juices flowed into my mouth.

I slowed my assault, eagerly swallowing everything. Then I placed soft kisses all over her tender lips, so flushed red and swollen. 

"Come here," was all she said, holding her arms wide. I crawled up and she wrapped them around me as we kissed passionately.

"You knew just what I needed," she said, shoving her tongue into my mouth. We laughed, kissed, and hugged. Then Anique turned me over and positioned herself between my legs.

I wiggled my ass until I was comfortable. Then Anique leaned forward, licking my breasts, going from one to another with an unquenchable hunger. 

As she ravaged my nipples, she straddled my left leg, grinding her pussy into my thigh and leaving a wet trail. 

While she fucked my leg, she reached back and played with her ass. She breathed heavily as her pussy slid along my thigh. 

Pre-juices flowed out, dripping down the sides of my leg. Then she lifted my right leg straight up and slid forward until our pussies met.

As I rubbed her clit with my thumb, Anique went wild with passion and I was not far behind. I felt the fire ignite between my legs and start radiating up through my tummy; my nipples were ready to pop off. I grew light-headed and my chest heaved as we moved faster. 

The sounds coming from our mouths were no longer human but had turned to animal grunts and squeals. 

Anique's eyes were closed as she arched her back, grinding her cunt into mine. Her hips were going a mile a minute. Anique brought my up-turned leg to her breast, stroking and kissing my calf and ankle. 

Then with a shudder, she slammed her cunt into mine and climaxed. I cupped my hand under her pussy, feeling warm juices flow out. 

I brought it to my mouth trying to lick all the dripping down my arm. It was warm and sweet, only seconds ago deep inside her pussy. I savored every drop as I let it flow slowly down my throat.

With a big smile, she said, "That was a nice start." 

"There's plenty more where that came from."

She told me, "I know, now turn over and show me that fine ass."

I did not have to be asked twice as I got on my elbows and stuck my ass up, my knees spread. 

"You smell so fucking good," she said, sniffing me like a dog. She ran her tongue up and down the length of my ass crack and then buried her nose in my ass. 

Spreading my ass wide with her fingers, she washed my anus walls with her long, probing tongue.

My body trembled. Her mouth was everywhere kissing me, wet and soft. Spreading my cheeks, she ravaged my ass, pushing the tip of her wicked tongue at it.

She stroked my legs and ass, licking my crack and pussy. I spread my legs as wide as I could to let her get at every part. 

Then she slipped two fingers into my hot, soaked pussy and I saw stars. "I'm getting so close," I said, shoving my ass at her.

I felt Anique's fingers go deep and I clamped down on them. Then her thumb probed my ass and slipped inside. I went nuts.

Anique shoved her fingers into my pussy and ass while she ran her tongue up and down my ass. My head was about to explode; I was squealing, grunting, and screaming her name. 

Then she bit down on my clit and I saw fireworks. My stomach sucked in, by body went stiff, and I came like a storm.

Anique slowed down, gently stroking my pussy and ass with her fingers. 

"Want me to kiss it and make it better?" 

"Oh, yes," I said breathlessly. 

As I caught my breath, she placed soft kisses everywhere. "Poor baby," she said in mock sympathy. 

"I promise never to do that again." I turned over on my back, holding my arms open. 

"That's a promise I won't let you keep."

Anique kissed her way up my body until we held each other. "You'll just have to beg if you want more," she said, kissing me passionately. 

"I've had my dinner," I said, breaking the kiss. 
