 Introduction: The following is a work of fiction. It is not intended to be taken seriously. It contains rough sex between two women and there's a lot of language that might offend. If you're a woman, know that this isn't a sweet lesbian romance. 

If you're a man, it might not be for you. If you read it and decide to call me a bunch of names, well, you're just proving my point, aren't you?

But read on if you like...

*****

Hi. 

My name is Amelia Jones and I'm a lesbian. 

I've known I was a lesbian ever since I knew what the concept meant. I never had any romantic feelings towards men and only ever had them towards women. 

I'm a real lesbian though. Not the sort that you see in the stupid movies with the big fingernails and gross heels trying to appeal to men who like the idea of a woman with another woman but only so he can join in. I was always large with thick shoulders and thighs. I played a ton of sports, usually being better than all of the boys my age, and liked to keep my hair cut short. Because of that once everyone hit puberty it didn't take too long for me to start hearing the insults. I was a dyke, a lez, a queer, a butch, a bull. The same boys I played sports with growing up all of a sudden turning on me just because I wanted to do the same thing with girls they wanted to do. Deep down, I think I know it's because they felt threatened by me. 

My experiences with that, I have to be honest, combined with getting older and seeing how the world worked really turned me into a feminist. A radical one to be honest. I've got no use for men and think they've generally done a shitty job running the world and exploiting women. As a result, I have to admit, I've developed a bit of bitterness towards them. A lot, actually, I take a lot of joy in beating men at things. 

Mainly sex. Sorry boys, but I'm a firm believer in the supremacy of lesbian sex. In my years of being with other women I've learned not only how to make them cum but how bad men most men tend to be at it. A lot of the girls I've picked up have been women frustrated by the lack of orgasms in their life. How their men were two pump chumps who only left them reaching for some toy to finish them off. Even if they didn't find me attractive, those women soon learned to love what my learned hands and fingers and lips could do to them. Best of all, sex was an area where I could really show up the men. There was nothing I loved more than exposing some straight girl to what I could do with a strap on. Big, thick and lasting all night, I've developed into a fucking pro with the big cock I wear. 12 inches long, thick as a wrist and built to look and feel as realistic as possible, even if my natural parts don't convert a straight girl my all-night powerfucking will. 

See, "straight" girls are my weakness. There's nothing I like better than the look on a girl's face as she experiences the multiple, powerful orgasms that only another woman can give her. Making her beg for more. Watching her realize that she should only be fucking women just because of how good I'm giving it to her. If she thinks she likes cock, all the better. Like I said, my cock is more than up to the job of making women realize that what mother nature gave men naturally, molded silicon and rubber gave me twice as much of. 

I liked a certain kind of girl too. The hotties. The ones that Madison Avenue or Hollywood told us should be the pinnacles of male lust. I guess it's the competitive streak in me but I just can't help but get a thrill out of seducing the beautiful, nubile, fit stunning looking women most of all. Big, perky, soft tits are a huge plus. I'm almost 40 now but my tastes haven't changed a bit. As long as they're 18 and legal and sexy as fuck I want to turn the little prom queens and cheerleaders into sexy little baby dykes. More than willing to eat pussy if it means they get to cum all night long at an older butch's talented hands. If they've got a boyfriend or husband they're devoted to, all the better. My namesake was a trailblazing adventurer, well, so am I. 

I know some people might think that's cruel but, frankly, I think that leaving a girl like that to a life of disappointing sex with a man is much crueler. Women are raw, animalistic, sexual beings who don't need time to recharge after they cum. We can fuck for hours and cum as many times as we want. I've personally made it my mission in life to show every woman the way, starting with the perfect 10's. Every woman, I think, is a lesbian at heart. They've just been brainwashed by the patriarchy to accept the shitty lot of being the object of male lust. As far as I'm concerned, I'm a freedom fighter. A freedom fighter with a huge, fake cock. Lock up your wives and daughters. 

So even though I know I'll get a lot of angry feedback from men who, deep down, know what I'm saying is true I thought I'd share some stories about my most memorable conquests. 

Stealing the Fiance

Truth is, I've never been one to settle down. I've got a bad case of wanderlust. I could never seem to fit into any one job for any length of time and even though I loved seducing beautiful young women, I was never one for relationships. I just liked fucking a girl, converting her to a life of lesbianism and then passing her off to one of my appreciative friends. Big old butches who would know how to take care of the sexy little bitches I would give them and who were always willing to do me favors in return. 

So for instance one time not too long ago I was helping out a friend of mine who runs a little bridal boutique. Nothing serious. I was just supposed to be taking client information and working the register. In exchange, she was letting me crash in the apartment above the shop. She had an actual employee who was doing the measurements and everything. I didn't love the job, having to deal with all of those beautiful, sensual women getting ready to get married to some guy nearly turned my stomach but I can't deny it led me somewhere interesting. 

It was just near closing and I was about to lock the door when one of the most spectacularly sexy women I'd ever seen ran up to the door, a hurried look on her face. 

"Oh my god, I'm sorry I'm late, are you still open?" she asked. It took me a second to process because I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter just looking at her. She had sandy blonde hair and bangs that framed her big green eyes, cute button nose and thick, pouty lips. She was about 5'6, with long legs, full hips and a slender waist. Best of all were her enormous tits. They looked like two fleshy basketballs bulging out from her tight blouse. I wanted her instantly.

"Who are you?" I asked, trying to keep my cool. It took everything I had not to just take her then and there.

"I'm Danielle Simmons," she said, "I had an appointment for one last fitting for my dress but I ran late and my wedding is only a month away and I really hope you can still fit me in."

I smiled. I knew that it was far more likely that she would be the one who would have to fit me in. 

"Yeah, of course," I said with a smile, knowing that Yvette, the shop's real employee was gone for the day. Still, I could work a tape measure, how hard could it be?

I watched as the little blonde cutie walked towards one of the change rooms as I went to grab the tape measure. As I did, I wondered how to play it. After all, she said she was only a month away from getting married. The thought both turned me on and gave me pause. After all, if she was only a month away from agreeing to waste her beautiful body on a man I was really needed. I knew she might take a lot of convincing, the engaged ones often do. Married ones, ones who are disappointed with their men are easier. If they've still got wedding fever it can be a different story. As I watched her walk away, my eyes glued on her perfect little ass, I knew I'd give her all the convincing she needed. 

I walked into the change room, bracing myself for what I knew I was about to see but even still it took my breath away. She'd taken off her jeans and blouse and was just standing there in her bra and panties. They didn't match, the bra was a black and white number that barely contained her big boobs and her panties were a little pink pair that hugged her hips tightly. I knew that wearing completely mismatched underwear like that meant, in straight girl world, that she probably didn't plan on having sex that day. 

Well, I thought as I brought the measuring tape around her hips, she didn't plan on meeting me, I guess.

I brought the tape measure around her hips and tugged it firmly around them, my hand resting on her firm butt cheeks. Right away I could tell two things. One, her body stiffened as I palmed her ass which let me know she knew I was touching her in an inappropriate way for a simple fitting. Two, she didn't stop me. 

"Thirty four inches," I said out loud. She nodded.

Then the waist, her smooth little flat stomach was the next place my hand lovingly caressed. Again she didn't object. 

"Twenty two inches." I said as the measuring tape met. 

Finally, I brought the measuring tape up to below her mountainous tits. 

"Thirty two," I said, measuring her rib cage. 

Finally, though, I was about to get two handfuls of those big firm breasts. Still, I wanted more than just some over the bra groping action.

"Why don't you lose the bra," I said, looking down at her, "A bust like yours is going to be a real effort for the dress and we're going to want to get it as close as possible."

She looked up at me with those big green eyes, looking like a lost little lamb. It was adorable. I couldn't wait until she was looking up at me with the same look, only with her tongue buried in my cunt. I could tell she knew I was asking me to show her those incredible tits and not for just sartorial reasons. Still, she probably thought she was just going to tease the old lesbian. Have a story to tell her girlfriends. 

She ran her hands up behind her back and, thrusting her chest out, unhooked her bra. Our eyes were still glued as she let the huge cups of it fall off. 

They were magnificent. They barely fell at all without the bra, sitting high and firm on her chest like a teenager's. Perfectly tear dropped shape with cute pink little nipples that I couldn't help but notice were very erect. Even if she thought this was all innocent fun, I could tell she was proud of them. Hell, I would be if I had a set like that. 

But god didn't bless me with that particular gift. She just blessed me with the gift to seduce girls like this busty little angel. I ran the tape measure up again and let it out considerably to stretch out over the fullest part of her breasts, making sure that I pressed it over both of those suckable little nipples of hers. 

"Forty," I said, barely believing it. I forgot what that meant in terms of cup size. F? G? Either way, the girl was fucking stacked and I couldn't help myself but let out some sort of acknowledgment, "Jesus Christ."

"You like?" she asked, adopting a little girl voice as she stuck her chest out further. 

That was it. I was done fucking around. 

"Well, it's tough to say," I said, "After all, I've got five senses and they all matter. I can tell they look incredible but..."

I grabbed her hips roughly and shook her a little from side to side. Despite being as firm as they were the size of the big tits still made a slight wobbling sound as they bounced from side to side. 

"...They sound good..."

I leaned down and buried my nose in between them, resting right in the valley of her incredible cleavage. I inhaled deeply, savoring the smell of her delicate perfume. 

"...they smell divine..."

"I think that might be where you should stop," I heard her say but ignored her. I knew what she wanted, if she didn't. I reached up and filled one of my big hands with a handful of firm, full titflesh. Still, it was too much and despite my healthy grasp, there was still so much left untouched. I was a pretty good player in high school but I never could palm a basketball. 

"Oh," she moaned as my palm digged against her nipple, "You really shouldn't."

"And now the taste."

I leaned down again and sucked the perfect, pert little nipple into my mouth. Hungrily. I sucked like a starving baby. My free hand cupping the big boob, serving it up on a platter to my ferocious mouth. I sucked as much Danielle's big tit into my mouth as I could, the room filling up with the almost obscene sound of me hoovering up as much of her into my mouth as she could. 

She squealed in pleasure even as I felt her hand half-heartedly try to push my head away. I just kept sucking. 

"OK, that's enough I think-"

But I didn't listen. In fact, I knew it was time to step things up. I reluctantly took my right hand off her left breast and pushed it downward. Quick as a flash I was sliding two long, strong fingers into her pussy and starting to finger fuck her. Starting the process that would leave her a lesbian. 

"What?" I asked, almost tauntingly, pulling my mouth off her tit for just a second "Going to tell me you're straight when your pussy is this hot and wet for me?"

If I had any doubts about the fact that I'd cracked this girl, her hand pulling my mouth back towards her huge chest erased them. 

"Your mouth is just so fucking good," she moaned. I fingered her faster, pausing only to yank her panties down so I could really give it to her and revealing the cute little patch of blonde hair above her otherwise bare cunt. 

I kept sucking and fucking Danielle, feeling her body get hotter and hotter as she began rolling her hips and thrusting her little pussy onto my fingers, her tightness gripping me so painfully I thought my fingers might snap off in her. That she was so tight told me she wasn't getting much at home. Still, I was a little surprised she'd been that easy. Not disappointed mind you, just surprised. 

It didn't take long to get her off. Once my thumb started rubbing at her clit she began bucking wildly and moaning like a goddamn banshee. I wondered if her fiance had ever gotten her to make the sounds I'd gotten from her in only a few minutes. 

"Oh fuck, don't stop, don't stop," she begged, "I'm gonna cum."

Music to my ears. I went faster, harder. And soon the slim, stacked, big breasted blonde was screaming as she gushed her girlcum all over my fingers. 

"Fuck ME" she yelled, her hands digging into my shoulder as she shivered and came buckets, leaving my fingers all sticky. I'd thought she'd been tight when I was fucking her but the way she clamped down around my fingers when I fucked her was something else. She was hot as an oven and slick as a rainstorm and my fingers were practically stuck in her. 

I didn't give her much time to enjoy the aftershocks though. The next part of the seduction process, I knew, was crucial. Fuck a girl, make her cum with your fingers or mouth or even strap on, and she can always rationalize it away like it was no big deal. Like it was just experimenting with a girlfriend at a slumber party. Even if it was some big butch lesbian, who didn't like orgasms, right? It didn't have to mean anything, right?

Wrong. And I knew to expose that lie, the most important part was what followed. Getting her to fuck me right back. 

It's easier than you might think. So long as a woman has been properly fucked and is in that heady post orgasmic glow, she'll do whatever you say. Eat out of the palm of your hand. Well, it wasn't the palm of my hand I had in mind. Roughly, I pushed her down to her knees with one hand while the other undid my belt. I'd been dripping since she'd walked into the shop and only her tongue would do the trick. 

"I don't, I mean, I've never" I heard her weakly say as I tugged my jeans down along with my boxers, exposing my fleshy cunt, glistening wet and covered in black curls. 

"You'll do fine, girl," I said, pulling her babbling mouth to where it should be. Where it was meant to be. Really starting the process of converting her from a mildly interested cocksucker to a voracious pussy eater. I stuffed her mouth with my cunt and gasped as I first felt the sensation of those pretty little lips on my own vertical lips. She was tentative at first but she soon started licking with gusto. 

That's less surprising than you might think. A lot of girls are hesitant at first but as soon as they realize they don't mind the taste they get into it right quick. Their natural instincts with knowing how they like their pussy eaten transferring pretty quickly into a lesson in eating it themselves. Soon she was tonguing me like a seasoned pro, her tongue exploring every nook and crevice of my cunt. It was such an erotic sight, this beautiful young girl on her knees, her mouth full of the cunt of a woman twice her age. It was where a girl like her belonged, happily trading on her youth and beauty in exchange for the pleasure she was probably still feeling. The pleasure that she could really only get from an older, experienced woman. 

"Yeah, that's right bitch," I moaned, letting some of that frustration out, "Eat that pussy. Really lick that cunt."

That was important. Reminding them explicitly what they were doing. As I saw the fires intensify in those pretty green eyes I knew the wheels were turning in her head. She probably never thought of herself as the kind of girl who'd eat pussy, well, she was making a wreck of the buffet right now. 

She was good. Her tongue long and soft and, truth was, the appeal of getting a girl like this between my thighs was enough for me. I grabbed that pretty blonde hair and pressed myself against her, driving her tongue deeper into my cunt. Riding her face practically, letting her cute little button nose work against my clit. I loved it. 

It didn't take long like that. I love having cute girls eat me out. The visual more than makes up for whatever inexperience they might have. Besides, every time they make a wrong move or act a little hesitant, all I can think about is just how much I'll change them by the time it's over.

"Fuck me, you hot little slut," I groaned as I came, flooding her hungry mouth with my cum. She was a trooper though. She ate all the cream I had for her. 

Eventually I came to a stop, my thighs no longer wrapped around her head. When Danielle finally pulled her mouth from my pussy, my juices still running down her chin, I could see she was at the half-way point. She knew she liked eating pussy and having a girl fuck her. That was great. But I didn't want a bi-sexual. I didn't want her in a few years, after years of frustration, to suggest to her husband that maybe they have a threesome in the hopes that she could really cum again. I wanted a pussy-crazed submissive little femme and I knew just what would push her the rest of the way. 

"Don't go anywhere cutie," I said, kissing her and tasting some of myself on her tongue. 

It didn't take long for me to go grab where I'd stashed my strap on. Quick as a flash I had it cinched up around my waist and I was back at the change room door, I could see from the naked feet under the door that Danielle hadn't gone anywhere. Proudly, I opened the door and stood there in all my well-hung glory. All twelve inches bobbing obscenely in front of me. The cute blonde with the huge tits practically had her eyes bob out of her skull when she was what I had in store for her. 

"There's no way..." she laughed, "No way that thing will fucking fit."

I smiled. I loved that reaction. Both knowing that it meant she'd never had a cock anywhere near this big and what I would do to her as a result. More over, I knew it meant she didn't really understand her body. Most girls couldn't take the whole length, sure, but the girth? Our bodies were designed to give birth. I knew that if she was hot enough and wet enough she'd take it and love every second. 
