 Stella was my Yoga instructor, a pastime that I enjoy not only for the exercise, but also because it keeps me lithe and flexible, necessary attributes in the career of a twenty-one year old aspiring model. From the very first time that I met Stella, there was a mutual feeling of friendship, I found myself quite mesmerized by her as she just exudes this special charisma, a special personality coupled with a smile that simply draws you to her.

Initially enrolling in group sessions, Stella and I found we had a lot in common and it was not long before we became friends. Like me she enjoyed the game of Squash and on court we really became quite competitive, but off court we also experienced some delightful social interactions both with other yoga students and, on occasion alone. Simply put, it was a growing mutual friendship.

After class one cold wintry Wednesday evening, Stella asked if I wanted to go for a glass of wine, an invitation, as always, readily accepted and we went to a local wine bar. Sitting at the bar chit-chatting she told me that she and her husband were getting a divorce. Stella had mentioned a growing rift in her marriage on a previous occasion, but now it had come to the point of separation. Actually, it was an amicable separation, they had both realized that this was a bad marriage, they were not suited to each other and the divorce did go ahead without acrimony on either side and happily, they subsequently remained friends.

Never-the-less, at this point Stella was understandably a little tense and trying to lighten the moment I joked with her that "what you need is some Yoga exercises to help you relax." 

As she Smiled that enigmatic smile of hers, I continued "I know a good team supporter if you want to come back to my flat and stretch, and I have some great red wine in the kitchen!" I was pleasantly surprised to hear her accept my invitation.

As she settled into an armchair I turned on the Gas fire, one of those that looks like the real thing, artificial flames in an open fire grate type thing, both warming and nice to look at. I left to get the wine but coming back into the living room I tossed her Yoga bag to her telling her "Hey come on, we need to stretch, ha ha." 

Her face was a picture! "Oh, you're serious! O.K., let's see what you got," and so saying we both changed into our leotards. I turned down the room lights and we changed in the fire's glow. It was the first time I ever saw her naked, the first time I ever felt my sexuality really coming to the fore in her presence. Yes, I had often looked at her thinking I would love to kiss that woman, but I had never knowingly shown her my desire, after all she was married and no doubt straight.

Concealing my thoughts I quickly lay the mats out in front of the fire and proceeded to start my warm up routine, Stella alongside of me but her head at my feet. Warmed and stretched out we commenced the exercise regimen and it was not long before the natural instructor within her came out; Stella, moved to kneel at my side, correcting my posture, her hands guiding me into position. "Oh, Aimie, you are tense, relax for a moment, turn over and let me look at your spine."

Rolling over, her deft fingers ran down the entire length of my back, feeling here, pushing there; problem was the feeling of intimacy within me was growing and growing. It grew even more intense for me as she massaged her way down my legs, first one, then the other... Stretching one leg backward, her hand moved under and then between my thighs, supporting the weight of my leg as she stretched me and rotated my hip, slowly laying it down again before moving to the other side and repeating the exercise. 

That feeling of her hand on my inner thigh was electric, I could feel cold chills running down my legs, and my pussy was tingly and increasingly moist... Thoughts were spinning through my mind: 'Damn it girl, relax; stop thinking; its Yoga exercise; stop imagining; Oh hell; I can smell me, please, please don't let her get this scent of me!'

Lowering my leg her hands were now massaging my lower back, my chest and then my shoulders and it was now that I was slowly becoming aware of another meaning in her touch. 

Stroking my back I felt her weight move across me, her body lying full length over my back, her legs astride of mine, her mound pushing within my cleft, her fingers touching my hand, entwining with my own, sensations all of which I readily accepted and responded to; her pelvis moved slowly against me as I felt her lips kissing the nape of my neck, sending a shiver down my spine and causing me to release a murmuring sound of accepting pleasure.

We lay like this for some time, the warm glow of our bodies each absorbing the other in silent caress. Slowly we moved side by side, each touching the others face, each looking into the other's eyes as our mouths opened to merge as one in a tender, lip molding kiss. Gentle, loving kisses exploring the others eyes, nose, cheeks, neck and ears before returning to our lips and the tingling sensations of one's tongue intermingling one with the other. 

Soft lips moved over soft lips, each encouraging the other to caress and touch with ever increasing passion; hands moved together, fingers teasing and touching before moving to surreptitiously touch and explore the body of the other... Hands reached to every reachable part but never allowing our kisses to separate. Her skin soft under my touch, the shape of her waist, the curve of her shoulder, the firm lithe feel of her hips and the soft periphery of her delicate breasts.

Rolling her to her back, kissing her deeply, I slipped the straps of her leotard exposing her breasts to my fingertips and my lips. The reddish-brown glow of her areolar soft and accepting under my kisses, her body responding under the light touch of my tongue running circles around her nipples; the sound of her voice murmuring my name as I pleasured her breasts before returning to kiss her open mouth once again. 

As I had done to her, she now slipped me free of the tethers of my leotard. My breasts now free and open I moved up, lowering my nipple to her mouth. The warm wetness of her lips surrounding me; her tongue caressing me; her mouth, loving and wanted! Drawing back I moved my other breast to her loving attentions; sensations flowed through my breast and holding her close I rolled us over wanting her on top of me, wanting the touch of her mound against my own; wanting her to be free to linger from one breast to the other as my nipples became more and more engorged and sensitive to her every touch, every lick, suck and kiss. 

Coming now to my mouth, our bodies blended together, breasts on breasts in the sensational feeling only possible with the body of one woman to another, a feeling heightened by the increasing passions of her kisses; wet, tongue delving kisses of need and desire.

Stella, kissing my neck and my ear softly whispered "get naked" and as we sipped our wine we did just that; leotards are not the easiest form of attire to remove and it was a light moment of laughter as we each undressed the other..! 

Once again she was naked before me, her body shining in the fire's glow; stunning in its beauty; warm and soft to my touch. Taking her wine glass I dipped a finger into the red liquid, placing it to her lips as I drew her back into my arms 'mmm!' It was a lovely feeling as we again settled to the floor in a naked revival of our love making. Comfortable in the warm romance of the fire I lay her back and our lips once again came together in a dancing waltz of sexual desire. 

My hand was gliding over her skin immersing itself in the exciting touch of her flesh. Fingers glided over her nipples to then be replaced once again by my lips, kissing and drawing her into my mouth as my hand gently stroked over her torso and down to the mound of her Mons. Welcoming thighs parted beneath my touch as my fingers softly swept over her groins and the outer lips of her pussy. Lifting from her breast I looked into her eyes, watching her as my finger slipped slowly between the lips of her love. Holding my look her eyes widened and her mouth opened as she drew in a deep breath, her back arching forward as I slowly moved my finger to and fro within her. 

Reaching to my face her hand moved around my neck to draw me to her kisses once again. She held my head with both hands, her fingers holding me tight in her embrace and wanting kiss as I moved my body between her thighs; then releasing me as I kissed my way down across her tits, following the line of her cleavage; kissing down and down to pause at her tummy running my lips and tongue around her navel. Fingers excited my scalp as again I moved incessantly down, kissing my way over her mound, my fingers touching and caressing until I was finally fully between her thighs and my kisses extended to every portion of her groins and labial lips. 

As I ran my tongue up and down that wet crevice of love Stella released a resounding murmuring squeal of pleasure, and another as my tongue flickered across the nestled crevices of her minora and into her introitus. My hands beneath her thighs; our mutual passions were rising and rising, my tongue more ardently fucking in and out of her, relishing in the wetness of her loving and wet slit; her knees bent up encouraging my access to every hidden beauty of her. 

Damn I wanted her; I needed her, her pussy, her wetness, and yessss her cunt! My every move of wanton desire was driving my lust for her. Fucking her now with my tongue, only to continue fucking her with my fingers as my lips and my tongue moved up to engorge her clit into my lips. 

Stella's whole body was shaking under me, her mouth calling my name, demanding me to go on and on... Ravenously my tongue melted around the red bud of her clit; a clit now extended from within the bonds of its diaphanous cowl, fully exposed to my mouth, my kisses, my succulent loving attentions. Our bodies writhed together as one; each mind engrossed in the absolute joy of sex, raw and evocative emotions of loving and mutual lust. 

I was as immersed in the pleasure of giving to this lusting body as Stella was in the receiving of every sensation that was coursing through her! Her fingers tensed in my hair, nails gouged into me as she pulled me into her; her body arched up and down, to and fro until she arched forward one more time, frozen in the invading force that was screaming through her loins... Sensations from every corner of her beautiful being; sensations all centralizing in the love of her loins, her pussy, her cunt, and in an instant exploding out from within her to my love and my kisses! 

Coming to her side she rolled toward me, breathing heavily but wanting of my kiss... It was a kiss like no other this night, it was a kiss of love... Wet, loving, satiated by the whole experience her body gradually relaxing under my kisses into a post orgasmic repose. 

Nestling into each other's arms, we lay there quietly absorbing every emotion. Now, still looking into each other's eyes; her smile of satisfaction emanating across her face, I whispered, "Come to bed." 

Her touch beside me was wonderful; it was a touch of meaning, a touch of warmth and love as we cuddled close, her face close to my neck; her thigh between my legs unconsciously moving against my pussy. We were connected now in a wonderful, wonderful way. Her breath warm on my skin, sent shivers through my body; even more so now as I felt her thigh move harder between my legs, the hot wetness of me lubricating every move! Was this really happening? 

A hand moved to my breast, fingers teasingly pinching my nipple. Stella rose up and kissed me again, and again. What I thought would be a retiring to sleep was now a rising tide of renewed passion... 

In a moment her mouth was greedily sucking on my tits and my nipples. Sucking, nipping and biting until almost without my realizing it, Stella was between my thighs her mouth wide, her tongue lashing over and then into me... Tongue moved hungrily to and fro over my clit, traversing up and down my slit and then down into my cunt. I lay back absorbing the throws of pleasure as this insatiable lusting woman lavished every attention over my pussy. 

"Oh my darling Stellaaa!" Her tongue was everywhere, her sucking labial kisses and bites causing a renewed flow of wetness from within me... As she kissed my clit, a hand reached up to squeeze my tit, then my nipple, hard pinches exciting my every nerve ending! Moving her hand down again I felt her fingers move into my cunt, slipping in and out as she teased her tongue over my clitoris... 

Reaching up to me she placed those same fingers into my mouth causing me to suck and kiss the taste of me from them... "Mmmm, lover you are wonderful," I murmured as she again took her hands to my body. Hands now both under my thighs, my buttocks, squeezing, kneading the flesh beneath them. I lay there legs wide apart as Stella continued to excite my clit between her lips... 

It was happening, I felt that oh so familiar tingle of sensation rising within me and I gasped "Oh fuck, Stella I'm Cuming; oh lover!!" 

I was no longer in control of myself; this rising orgasm was taking me to that peak of absolute pleasure. My thighs reflexively closed around her head as she persistently drove me up and up toward ecstasy, my body shaking with the approaching rise of orgasm, and then as my pelvis lifted from the bed fingers rammed into my cunt and my arse, fucking into me as she sucked harder and harder onto my clit forcing from me that amazing electrostatic peak of release! "Oh FUCKKKK!!"

Gasping loudly, I was so wet, so overcome with orgasm, but still she remained, kissing the wetness of my lips, softly sucking on the swollen lips of my pussy. I needed her kiss on my mouth and I was surprised to find that she was not quite ready to come to me... "Wait Aimie, wait," as she returned to simply stroking and kissing me into quietness; only then did she move to lay atop of me, mound gently rubbing mound, she kissed me once again.

"I Love You Aimie, I have loved you for a long time and tonight has been the fulfillment of a long held desire now finally come true." The feeling was mutual!