 There have been times although I am a straight woman that I have thought about another's woman's hand caressing my thigh or her tongue touching mine. When I was younger I had an affair with a slightly older woman though neither of us had been with another woman before. The memories of those hot nights and her small narrow hands on my body and her tongue licking at my skin still come back to me frequently.

If I close my eyes and let myself I can still remember the way her lips felt on mine and the taste of her that would linger in my mouth after we made love. And although I enjoy men, the way that they can wrap their arms around you and make you feel so safe. There are some things that men have that women don't, but I think about it. 

No one has come close to comparing to Martine in bed. At the time I was younger and more naive and a little giddy with the idea of it. Martine would look at me with her serious green eyes while she kissed me. Sometimes when she was pumping her fingers in and out of me she would demand in her slow sexy voice that I look at her and not close my eyes. She said she loved watching me come.

I used to love getting her in the shower. She was very tall and slim with perfectly rounded breasts. She was foreign and her French accent used to drive me mad. Anyway we would get in the shower and I would watch as the water ran over her smooth tan skin. Then I would run my hands all over her slippery body.

I would take the soap and run it up her back which would always make her shiver. Then as the water rinsed away the soap I would lean in and kiss her. There is nothing quite like kissing someone, your tongue sliding into their wet hot mouth, while water pours down on you. 

While our tongues slid together and touched and then slid away I would run my hands down to her breasts and pinch and twist her nipples the way that I knew she liked. Her hands would come around to knead my round bottom. When I put my mouth over her nipple and sucked hard running my tongue back and forth her fingernails would dig into my ass. 

Her skin would be hot and clean. I would use my teeth a little rough on her nipples and she would moan, "Oh, yes, Kathleen. Just like that." In that sexy accent.

While I teased her nipples with my tongue I would slide one hand down her stomach which would be slippery with water. I would spread my fingers so that only my middle finger would part the shaved lips of her pussy. No matter how hot the water was her pussy was always hotter. And wetter.

I would slide my finger along her clit just enjoying how wet and hot she was. The I would slide my finger up inside of her and pump it in and out slowly. She would grip my shoulders and spread her legs farther apart and gasp and moan. Sometime she would moan so loud that I thought the neighbors might hear. Sometimes I hoped that they could hear. The idea of them hearing me driving her crazy turned me on.

I would lower myself to my knees and sticking out my tongue run it over the outside of her pussy first. And then with my finger still sliding in and out of her I would point my tongue and touch her clit. 

I would use just the tip at the very top, touching so lightly and wiggling my tongue back and forth a little. Then without warning I would slide it down and over her clit and flick it back and forth before once again retreating to the top.

This would drive her crazy the quick bursts of attention to her clit. I would lick and suck and bite her clit until I could feel her legs begin to tremble a sure sign that she was about to come and then I would pull away and lick all around, but not touching her clit. When she would start to cry out, sometimes begging sometimes just moaning incoherently, I would thrust another finger inside of her and suck her click into my mouth while vigorously pumping my fingers in and out of her.

At this point she would be so wet that my whole mouth was coated with her juices. I would be so into her pleasure that sometimes I wouldn't even taste her until afterward. I liked the taste of her though, so hot and salty and thick.

I would hold her clit between my lips and run my tongue over the tip inside my mouth. This drove her crazy and never failed to make her come. I would feel her inner muscles clench around my fingers so tightly that it almost hurt. She would practically scream when she came. Her hands would fly out to grip my head or my shoulders or whatever she could reach. Her legs would shake and clamp around the sides of my head. 

If I kept plunging my fingers in and out of her she would come over and over again. Her cries would get louder and louder. Eventually her legs would give out and she would sit down on the edge of the tub. Then her beautiful hairless pussy would be right in my face and I would keep thrusting my fingers in and out. 

Nothing before or since has turned me on as much as watching Martine as I fucked her. Especially when she was sitting on the edge of the tub, her legs spread, her pussy open to me, her head thrown back, unintelligible sounds coming from her throat. 

When she was finally done she would put her hand around my wrist to stop me and pull me up to her. She would kiss me for a long time, licking her own come out of my mouth. Then she would pull me out of the tub and shove me down on the floor. 

I would lie there dripping wet while she slid her dripping body over mine. She would spread my thighs and then my lips with her fingers. She would flatten her tongue and lick all the way up from the bottom to the top of my pussy. Then she would thrust her tongue as far inside of me as it would go. Her tongue was long and I would feel it twist inside of me a few degrees cooler than my hot flesh and rough against the smooth sensitive skin of my pussy. 

She would wait until I starting panting and then she would turn her body wiggling her long frame up between my legs until her hot, wet, pussy was touching mine. Then she would begin to thrust her hips. We would move against each other our lips spreading so that the hot wet flesh of our pussies was pressed together. 

We would keep this up until we were both trembling and then she would roll us over so that I was on top of her in a 69 position. She would thrust her tongue into me and I would roll her clit around with the tip of mine. When I found where she was most sensitive she would grunt into my pussy the vibrations sending a jolt through my clit. Soon we would both be moaning into each other hot flesh as we came licking up each other's juices. 

We had a lot of good times, Martine and I. I tried once to tell my boyfriend about it. I wondered if he would do a threesome, but he wasn't open to the idea at all. So I am left to my memories and the sound and taste of Martine that still exists in my mind.