 This story was written for a really pleasant young lady. She asked me to commit her fantasy as a story. After reading and enjoying the result she suggested letting others share!

*

Steffi let the warm water jet from the showerhead on her long blond hair before reaching across to the shampoo. Placing a generous amount of the sweet smelling shampoo in the palm of her hand she flicked her head to the left so that her sodden hair hung to the side. Starting at the top of her head she applied shampoo through to the tips of her hair. Once finished she placed her hair under the water until it was rinsed completely clean. Then she took her conditioner and repeated the procedure once more. Finally she flicked her hair back until it was plastered to her back.

When her shower was complete she turned off the water and stepped out of the bath and onto the towel she had previously laid out. Drying her body she then took the towel and wrapped it round her hair and fastened the towel on her head. Naked she walked across her bathroom to brush her teeth. Looking in the mirror she brushed her teeth, rinsed the brush then as she returned it to its holder she took the razor from the side. In her other hand she took the shaving cream and small shaving mirror.

After placing a towel on floor Steffi laid down on it and parted her legs. She savoured the cool feel of the foam on her warm tanned skin. Then slowly she began to run the blade over her groin removing the short stubble that was almost invisible from any great distance. Her pussy was shaved regularly as she loved to be completely soft and bare down below. Also by keeping herself free of pubic hair meant that the shave did not take too long. She dabbed at her groin with a damp cloth to remove any missed foam. Moving the mirror from side to side she admired the finished article. 

When she had tidied the bathroom she walked into the bedroom of her apartment and removed the towel from her head. Sitting naked in front of the mirror she picked the hairdryer up with her left hand while her right hand lightly tussled her long hair so that it all could benefit from the heat. When her hair was dry she opened her make up bag. She took the plum coloured lipstick, pouting she rubbed the stick against each lip, then she coated her eyelashes lightly with mascara. With her hair and make-up finished she picked up the gold chain and shut the clasp behind her neck. The cool gold pendant rested above her cleavage. Standing up she admired the reflected image of her body.

Walking across the room she picked up the apartment key, placed her bag over her shoulder, then opened the door. The heat from the summer sun fell on her naked flesh as she walked out into the warm sunshine. These moments made her wonder why most people find nudism so odd. She felt privileged to have been introduced to the nudist world from an early age and at 30 years of age it was the most natural thing in the world for her to be naked standing in the hot summer weather. A light breeze offered a pleasant intermittent cooling break as she walked through the camp to take her place by the pool. 

As she neared the pool an older couple who she guessed were in their sixties walked towards her. They exchanged a greeting and carried on their way. Steffi smiled as she was aware when out and about in her day to day life that she was aware of men almost leering at her athletic figure yet today, when she was as naked as the day she was born, the man's eyes had not left her eyes. He had not even glimpsed at her bust or exposed pussy.

Arriving at the poolside Steffi found a sun lounger just back from the pool. She took her sunglasses from her bag, placed the bag on the floor beside where she lay, put the glasses on before lying back on the plastic bed. Her body was benefiting from her stay at the nudist resort, as she now had no white patches on her skin, which was completely deeply bronzed. With her eyes closed her other senses took over. The feeling of the warm summer heat on her naked skin. Away from her she could hear the splashing and cries of the people who were cooling off in the large pool. Listening carefully she could also make out the soft gentle sounds of the water lapping at the sides of the pool and running up onto the poolside.

Then she became aware that the heat had altered slightly. Opening her eyes, which quickly became adjusted behind the dark lenses of her shades, she noted the tall young woman standing next to her. Obviously the lady was about to take the space next to her. Unlike Steffi the woman did not have the all over tan yet and there were several white patches on her naked skin. As Steffi looked to her side the woman laid out a towel on the soon to be taken lounger. In an effort to smooth out the material she bent forward. At this point Steffi was stunned, not to mention extremely excited by the view before her eyes, as her new neighbour had slightly parted her legs. By leaning forward it allowed Steffi to have a very close view of the woman's beautiful rounded backside cheeks, which were parted and she could see the hairy, puffy, lips of her pussy. The image was complete as Steffi could also make out the inner lips hanging down. Steffi took a deep breath to compose herself as she bit lightly on her lower lip.

"Hi, my name's Steffi, pleased to meet you." She said pulling herself up on her elbows. Turning to face her new friend she extended a hand in greeting, which was taken with a warm smile, returned to her.

"Hello, I am Christina." 

"Pleased to meet you Christina."

"Nice tan, I feel so self conscious I most look dreadful compared to you!"

Steffi sensed that Christina might be a 'nudism virgin' and she mentally licked her lips at the chance to help her become part of the scene. "You know that you will be as brown as me when today is up."

Christina smiled awkwardly, "Actually I don't. You see this is my first day here. In fact I have never stayed at a resort like this before."

Steffi grinned. "Welcome, it's very brave of you."

"I have been curious about naturism for a while now and got chatting on the Internet about it. Anyway I have taken the plunge." With this Steffi felt confident that not only was Christina new to this but she was alone. In that case she would defiantly need some guidance at the very least. "It's been very nice but god it takes some getting used to doesn't it."

"Yes, it does. I have been lucky in that I have grown up with this so I have nearly thirty years experience!"

Christina's eyes widened at this comment. "There is no way that you are thirty years old."

This time Steffi coloured. "I am afraid I am but thank you I guess I do have a younger look about me. Am I right in thinking you are here all on your own?" Christina nodded in reply. "Well, so am I so we can spend time together if it will make you feel more at ease?"

"I would love that."

*******

After their chat Steffi asked if Christina would like her to rub the sun lotion into her skin. After agreeing Christina turned onto her front allowing Steffi to rub the cream into her back and shoulders. Steffi took her time as she reached Christina's buttocks. The lingering attention saw her move onto the rear of the tops of her thighs. As she massaged the cream up she was able to part Christina's legs slightly. Steffi caught a glimpse of moisture on the exposed pussy lips. 

Both women laid face down on their respective loungers allowing their backs to soak up the rays. After an hour or so they rolled over and chatted once more. 

"Getting used to it yet?" Steffi enquired.

"Mmmm this is heavenly isn't it! How do you cope with walking round with clothes after this freedom?" 

Steffi giggled. "You already have stumbled on the downside! I always find the week after this holiday..... constrictive I guess is the best description. Can I ask what was making you feel self-conscious."

"This will sound so vain. Its just I expected one or two looks. I get 'eyed' up normally as an eighteen-year-old woman, yet when I got here and was walking round with everything on show I got no looks. God I sound conceited!"

"No I understand."

"I think it made me feel a bit.... well unattractive I suppose."

"Now that is ridiculous. You are so pretty." Steffi was attracted to Christina's young lithe looking body. Her breasts were petite but looked so tempting. "What you have got to remember is that we are all used to seeing people naked so what you were experiencing was not a form of rejection but more a relaxed attitude. People will note how attractive you are but you will not get leered at here!"

Christina smiled at Steffi. "You have re-assured me. After I had booked the holiday it suddenly dawned on me that I would be walking around without clothing in front of others, was a kind of jolt to me. Anyway it's been as enjoyable as I thought it would be."

At this point Christina rolled over onto her back. Steffi looked at her. "I know we have only just met but can I say something...that may at first appear personal?"

"Sure."

"There is something you may want to consider doing. You might find it helpful to shave." Christina turned to look at her. "I am sorry, but trust me it will feel lovely the warm air or a gently breeze on the bare sensitive skin. In fact I shave every morning and it feels good. If you like we can go back now and I can lend you a hand. I always prefer to be shaved rather than shave myself." 

She could see Christina thinking, and then a smile crept across her face. "Okay, I have never thought of going all the way shaving before but what the hell I would like to do it now."

"You got a razor?" Christina nodded. "Let's go back to yours then." *******

Christina opened the door to her apartment and they walked into the room enjoying the coolness afforded by getting out of the sunlight.

"So how would you like to do this?" Christina asked.

"Well, most importantly I would like you to be relaxed. How about you lay on a towel on the bed?"

"Okay." So Christina went into her bathroom and brought out a small razor. Steffi, who had popped back to her accommodation on the way, delved into her bag and produced a small pair of scissors. Christina lay on the bed so her pubic area was at the foot of the bed. Steffi parted Christina's legs and knelt in front of her. She placed the razor in a small ceramic bowl, which she had filled with warm water, to one side.

Steffi took the scissors and lightly snipped at the pubic hair so that it was reduced down to just small stubbly hairs. Then she put the white lather all over Christina's groin. When she rubbed the cream into the soft skin she felt Christina slightly gyrate her hips as her pubic area was touched. 

"Okay, here goes. Try to keep still and I will try not to tickle you!" They both laughed at this as Steffi then placed a hand on the inside of Christina's right thigh and moved it to the right spreading Christina's legs as open as was comfortable. Very slowly she placed the blade against the skin and drew it carefully down. She smiled as the blade removed the white foam leaving bare pink, perfectly hairless, skin behind it. She took her time, taking care to remove all hair with no cuts, as well as having a close look at Christina's exposed pussy. When she had finished she wiped all over Christina's skin with a damp face flannel.

Steffi looked up and noted that Christina's eyes were shut and if Steffi was not mistaken she thought her nipples had stiffened a small amount. "Okay, want to roll over now?"

Christina opened her eyes. "Roll over?"

"Yes, for a complete shave I need to check your rear and remove any hairs there. Don't worry we all get hairs there. You see once your front is bare the stray ones at the back will show up." 

Without a further word Christina rolled over. Steffi placed her hand on the left buttock. "Mmmm that feels very smooth. Shall I check deeper?"

"Mmmmm okay keep up this gentleness it's so relaxing." Steffi parted Christina's rear cheeks. Again this was little more than a ruse to check out the intimate parts of Christina. "You are a lucky girl. There are no hairs to worry about. As you are so relaxed would you like a back massage?" 

"Oh that really would be spoiling me."

"Then prepare to be spoilt." With that she pushed Christina's legs back together and then straddled her so that her bare pussy was resting at the base of Christina's backside. With both of her palms she gently pushed up the length of Christina's back. When she reached the shoulders she was massaging the sides of the arms. While this happened Steffi became aware that her nipples were stiffening and rubbing against Christina's back. After about ten minutes Steffi stopped the massage and lay on the double bed next to Christina.

As she rolled round she looked at Steffi. "Thank you so much. I have no idea what I have done to deserve that but it was very, very, nice."

"You plucked up the courage to come here by yourself didn't you! So I really am duty bound to do all I can to make you feel welcome. By the way what do you think of your 'new look'?" 

At that point Christina parted her legs and placed a hand on her freshly shaven skin. "Oh that feels so nice. I am going to keep this I think."

Taking a chance Steffi leaned across and placed her fingers on the puffy outer lips. "If you thought it was nice when you touched it, what do you make of this." Christina looked at her with wide eyed innocence as Steffi gently probed her. Quickly she concentrated her rubbing on the rapidly stiffening clitoris. Steffi leaned across and kissed Christina full on the lips, then as her shock wore off and she began responding, Steffi gently forced her tongue into Christina's mouth. She broke from the kiss.

"May I ask a favour?" She asked, to which Christina nodded. "May I be the first person to go down on your smoothness?"

"I'm not... I haven't ever been with a woman before." Christina began to stutter

"It's okay, you never went nude before or completely shaved your pussy. None of those experiences have been bad have they?"

"No."

"Trust me honey." With that Steffi started to slowly rub at Christina's clit. She leaned across and took one of Christina's small breasts in her free hand. She licked and teased her nipple as her hand rubbed up and down. With the attention that was being paid to her Christina laid back savouring the experience. Steffi looked up and noted that Christina had closed her eyes. Taking this opportunity she moved down the bed and came face to face with the newly exposed skin. Very slowly, deliberately and gently she kissed the surface of Christina's pubic mound. She could smell the sweet musky aroma that was coming up to her. Lifting her fingertips to her face Steffi inhaled the scent of her new partner then placed the tips of the fingers against her lips and licked them. Christina's juices tasted very bitter sweet and Steffi could wait no longer. She moved her head into Christina's groin.

"Oh my god........that feels so good." Christina cried out. "Mmmmmm it has never felt this good before." Steffi enjoyed the compliment but was keener to enjoy giving yet more pleasure. She concentrated on licking at the engorged clitoris that was stiff and hard. Tracing patterns all over Christina's pussy lips she listened to the moans that escaped from her lover so that she knew where to concentrate. 

"Steffi, please can I lick you?" The request was a surprise but so welcome as Steffi realised that not only was Christina enjoying her first gay sex but that she was willing to give back and to try and take Steffi to a climax.

"Of course." Steffi replied as she moved her body and lowered her wet entrance over Christina's waiting mouth. "Just do what you like, I will guide you if necessary but I can assure you that the golden rule is if you like a type of attention another woman will also like it." Then she carefully lowered her waist. Christina's tongue touched Steffi's clitoris sending an electric pulse racing through her. 

The two women licked, kissed and sucked at the naked flesh of each other's most intimate parts. After a few moments Steffi was aware that Christina had stopped licking her and was panting. She could feel the breath on her wet outer lips as she realised that she was about to make her cum for the first time. She placed her hand between Christina's legs and inserted her first finger into Christina's vagina and probed at her anus with her little finger. Initially her anus pushed against the intrusion but as Steffi forced it she felt Christina's muscles yielded and she moaned as she was penetrated twice. Steffi lapped energetically at the stiff clitoris. The attention was too much for Christina who started to cum. Steffi pushed her hand forward and felt both fingers being squashed as all the muscles in Christina's groin went into spasm. Her moans were louder as she also bucked her hips uncontrollably.

Steffi eased her licking and gently kissed at Christina's pussy. She slowly eased her hand free and allowed Christina to calm. She lifted herself away and turned to face her lover. Christina's chest was rising and falling while her skin was flushed and she had perspiration all over her naked flesh.

"Thank you." She panted. Steffi kissed her and moved her hair from her temple. Very gently she kissed and embraced the young woman. 

"I imagined what we just did as soon as I saw you next to me earlier. I was so scared that you would not be interested as you are so sexy."

"These new experiences have all been lovely but there is one more I need to have."

"What's that?"

"I want to give another woman an orgasm!" Christina replied as she moved down Steffi's body and began to lick her.

"You are a natural." Steffi encouraged as she lay back allowing herself to fully enjoy the moment. As Christina's confidence increased she probed at Steffi's vaginal and anal openings before she lifted Steffi's groin and started to lick and pushed her extended tongue against Steffi's puckered anus. All the while Christina's fingers glided all over Steffi's vaginal lips and this combined with the attention being paid to her anus tipped Steffi over the edge and she climaxed.

The two women lay side be side in an exhausted embrace. Over the next few days they enjoyed each other in more ways before their respective holiday's ended and they returned to their separate but conventional worlds.