 Chapter Four: After One Year, Mistress Remembers Back

Part 1: Three Mall Adventures

Over the next 10 months, a routine was set at the estate of Miss Casandra Hall and her slaves, Lara and Tara. Mistress likes to plan and organize. And Mistress setup a schedule for the each day. Monday through Friday, the schedule is as follows. The two slaves wake up at 5:55am and woke up Miss Hall at 6:00am, by gently kissing and caressing her. Some mornings Casandra ordered her slaves to "eat me and make me come." 

When ready, Casandra would put on a sport bra and shorts, and all three would go the Fitness Room and workout until 7:15am. They then would each go to their own Bedroom/Bath and shower, fix their hair and get ready for the day. At 7:55am, Lara and Tara would then stand at their Bedroom door and await their Mistress, who would inspect them and give her approval. 

They would all go down to the Kitchen, Casandra would sit on a stool and watch her slaves, and the slaves would make breakfast, after asking Mistress what she wanted to eat. When ready, Mistress Casandra would sit down first at the Breakfast Table, Mistress always sits first, and then the slaves, Lara and Tara. They would eat, chat and, when finished, would always wash the dirty dishes. That is a rule, "always wash the dirty dishes after the meal." 

They would be done by 8:59am and ready to go. From 9:00am to Noon, the slaves do their slave duties, either Household duties or Outdoor Maintenance. While her slaves were busy, Mistress would be either in her Office working or in the Living Room reading.

On Mondays, Wednesdays and Friday the slaves do Household duties; such as laundry, folding, dusting, vacuuming, etc. Once a month, the beds in the Guest Bedrooms and the Detention Room are changed. Also, the Guest Bedroom Baths are cleaned once a month. The rest of the house is checked and cleaned three times a week. Mistress likes her house spot-less. 

On Tuesdays and Thursdays, the slaves do their Outside Maintenance. They mow, trim, pull weeds, plant, clean the decks. They take care of the grounds and keep it looking very good. 

At Noon, they all meet in the Kitchen and the slaves make lunch, after asking Mistress what she wants to eat. By 1:00pm, lunch is done and the dishes washed. It is Slave Free Choice Time from 1:00pm until 5:00pm, as long as their slave duties are complete for the day and Mistress has no plans for her slaves. For those four hours, the slaves, Lara and Tara, can do whatever they want to do. 

They can watch TV or a movie, listen to music, read, go for a swim, lie out in the sun, go for a hike, sit on the Porch, just relax or they can make love to each other. The slaves can do anything they want to do but only if Mistress gives them permission. Most days the slaves ask to be allowed to "make love with each other." And usually, Mistress gives them permission and very often, joins in to the delight of her slaves. 

Dinner is from 5:00pm to 7:00pm, which the slaves prepare after asking Mistress what she would like to eat. Mistress sits at the breakfast table and watches her slaves. After dinner and all the dirty dishes are clean, it is Mistress/Slave Together Time. The three spend the evening together; they may go for a walk, or sit on the porch, or go for a swim, or watch a movie or TV, or listen to some music and dance, or they may make love all together, sometimes in Mistress' Bedroom, sometimes in another room. Over the last few months, they have had sex in every room in the house; even in the Tower Room. They go to bed between 10:00pm and 11:00pm each night. They often end up in Mistress bed and sleep all together.

On Saturdays, everyone sleeps in. The slaves wake up at 7:25am and wake Mistress at 7:30am. Each then showers and gets ready for the day. The slaves stand at their door and wait for their Mistress to inspect them in their bikinis, which happens at 7:55am. The three then go down to the kitchen where the slaves prepare a breakfast and when they are all finished, which is at 8:55am, they walk out to the pool. From 9am till noon, the slaves clean and maintain the pool, while Mistress lays back and watches. Mistress loves to watch her two slaves together. Occasionally, she will order one of her slaves to rub suntan oil on her. The rest of the day has the same schedule as Monday through Friday.

On Sundays, the three stay together and have Mistress/Slave Together Time all day. Sunday starts the same as Saturday; and after breakfast, after lunch and after dinner, the three to various activities together. Some inside, the slaves stay nude; some outside, the slaves wear their slave clothes. Mistress decides what they do, always. The slaves can request to do something but Mistress always decides.

While at the estate, the slaves stay nude when inside the house. When they are outside, they wear their slave clothing, which consists of short shorts, short skirts, halter tops, crop tops, a tube tops or a bikinis. Mistress also wears the same type of clothing but there is a difference, a big difference. The slaves only wear what Mistress allows them to wear and Mistress wears what she wants. Each morning, Mistress inspects her slaves and before they leave the house, Mistress must approve of their slave wear. 

The estate runs very well and each person, Mistress or slave, knows their place. It is their private paradise, their garden of Eden and none of them would ever think of leaving. The three young women are very much in love with each other. Mistress treats her slaves well and with kindness; the slaves treat their Mistress with respect and perform their slave duties very well. It is a very happy home.

When the three leave the estate, to shop or have an adventure, etc, Mistress lays out for each what they will wear. They head to one of the large cities close by, all within a 3 hour drive; Mistress always drives,. Sometimes an adventure is planned by Mistress and sometimes, the adventure is more "spur of the moment." Whatever happens, Mistress makes sure her slaves are safe but also that they have a great and sexy time. Mistress loves to plan, sometimes very quickly, these adventures. Makes her hot.

Mistress Casandra Hall is lying in her bed between her two slaves, where they had just had a great love making session. Her slaves were sleeping on either side of her while she gently caresses them. As she lay there, she thinks about the last few months, "I can't believe it's been almost one year since I first met Lara and Tara; and made them mine. So much has happened. So many adventures." She giggles remembering and thinks, "Like those Mall Adventures, so much fun."

Casandra remembers, "Like when I made my slave/sluts service that large group of boys at a mall. We were sitting in the mall food court when I noticed a group of teenage boys, all eighteen or nineteen, sitting and talking. "Hmmm," I thought to myself, "This will be fun." "I told my two slaves, who are wearing short skirts and crop tops, to stay sited. And when one of those boys, and I pointed to the group of boys, comes over to them, they are to obey every order. Any order given." My sluts said, "Yes Mistress." 

"I walked around the food court and sat down behind the group and listened for a few minutes. I then said in a loud voice, "Just look at those two girls over there" pointing at Lara and Tara, "bet they're real slutty." 

I then looked directly at the boys and said, "They probably will do anything you tell them to. They look like they want it bad." And then I continued, "Go ahead. Test them, you'll see." 

The boys just look at each other, looking confused, finally, one of them walks over to my two slave/sluts and says, "Hi girls" 

"Hi"

He looks at them for a moment and then says, "Open your legs, and show me your cunts." 

I think he was shocked when they did just that. I giggled. All the boys had watched and stood up now. The boy turned and said, "Come on. Let's have some fun." 

He then said to Lara and Tara, "Come with us sluts, we're going to test the merchandise that you're showing." 

And he walks them to a restroom, not one off the food court, but further away, and the group of boys follow them. And I follow all of them."

"When the group gets to the restroom, they all go in and I hear the gate being closed. I think to myself, "I'm not worried, they can't lock it. I'll listen in." 

I tried to listen but could not hear much. There was a side closet in the short entrance way, so I picked the lock and went into the closet and waited. After two hours, the boys started to leave and each one was talking about the girls. 

I heard them say, "What a piece! She could really give head." and "Did you see that bitch? What a slut!" and "I banged her good, she loved it and wanted more." and "What sluts, they took all we could give and still want more." 

As the last boy was leaving, he stopped and turned to my girls and said, "Goodbye sluts. You're good. I'm really going to enjoy the pics. Thanks." 

And he walked out. After a minute, I went into the bathroom and saw my slaves, each lying on a bench. Each with a big smile on her face. 

"What a mess" I thought "they are. There's semen leaking out of their cunts, semen all over their bodies, semen on their faces, even semen in their hair. They must have had a great time." 

I walked to my slaves and helped them sit up. And they just smiled at me, their Mistress. I helped them to clean themselves up and when they were dressed, we walked to our car and drove home."

"As we were on the road, I asked Tara, "What happened in the bathroom?" And Tara said, "When we entered the bathroom, they shut the gate and put the sign out, so we wouldn't be bothered. Lara and I were in the center of the room when the boy who first approached us, his name was Mark; he was leading everyone, ordered us to "take those slutty clothes off." 

Then another one of the boys said, "Wait that one's ok"pointing at me"but that one is too young. Look at her." Referring to Lara. 

Mark barked back, "Doesn't matter." 

Then looked back at us and repeated, "Get those slut clothes off now." 

We took off our clothes and the boys all took pictures of us. They made us pose in different way, even made us "69." 

Finally Mark said, "That's enough." 

He told Lara and I to go into a stall, he pointed to the two handicap stalls, and wait. He said to the guys, "Do what you want boys. Fuck them or have them give you head. I'll go first with that one," pointing at me. 

And then it was one guy after another after another. They were so sweet, most of them didn't know what to do and we had to help them, didn't we Lara?"

"Yes, and some didn't last long and came on our faces or bodies." 

Lara continued, "They sure didn't. They fucked us or had us suck their dicks. And after they all had us once, Mark ordered us to "give us a show, here on the floor. Fuck each other." 

So we did, we had sex, on the floor surrounded by teenage boys. They all took more pictures of us and got excited again. They all quickly recovered and we were ordered back into the stalls and we went around with all of them again. Oh, Mistress, it was great. Messy, but great. Thank you Mistress." 

And Lara added, "Yes Mistress, thank you." 

And I thought, "What a day." 

When we got home, I ordered Lara and Tara to shower and bath, to get real clean and then go to bed." 

And I stayed up for a couple of hours, then went to bed and thinking about what happened to my slaves, brought myself off."

Still remembering, she thinks, "Or how about the Lingerie Store. That was a great time." Casandra keeps recalling what happened, "We were in a mall with a lot of high end stores and we were walking by an expensive Lingerie Store when I had an idea. I remember thinking, "This could be fantastic!" We were all in short shorts and crop tops, and looking real hot. I ordered my slaves to "enter the store, to shop and pick out things to try on, go to the fitting room and..." 

And boy! Was it hot! One thing I love about my two little slave/sluts, they do not just blindly follow orders. They think for themselves and go with it, and really have fun. As they walked in, I looked at each one of my slave girls. 

"My two little ones walked into the store, wandered about and chose various items to try on and then both went to the fitting rooms. Meanwhile I walked in and found a place to watch and catch all the action. There was no wall between the fitting rooms and the sales floor. When Lara and Tara used a fitting room, neither one closed the door so that anyone could see them. When they put a piece of lingerie on, each one would step out and look at herself in the mirror and at each other, but seemed to be total oblivious to anyone else in the store. 

After the 3rd change of clothing, everyone in the store was watching the two beautiful and very sexy young girls try on things. It went on and on. Then my girls started to go out onto the sales floor, still wearing lingerie, and choose something else to try on. As they passed by women, who were all staring, they would say things like, "Go ahead, touch me. I don't mind." 

At first, none of the women did, but since the girls seemed to want them to, some women started to touch, rub, paw at them as they passed by, and then they all were. Then my slave girls started going out on the sales floor nude and just walk through the crowd women, not bothering to pretend to shop, letting them feel them up anywhere. Women pawed at their bodies; their tits, their asses and their pussies. I could tell my girls were heating up and so were the women. 

I kept wondering "What are the store people doing?" 

But they were watching and touching like all the other women. Finally, Lara and Tara walked back to the fitting room area holding hands, turned and looked at the women, who had walked up and gotten closer, and Lara asked the women, "Should we?" and the women all said loud and clear, "Yes, Yes. Fuck each other right now."

And my two little sluts did just that. Lara and Tara went into each other's arms, sank to the floor and had hot, hot sex right there on the floor, in front of all of the strangers. Strangers who thought they were watching two teens having sex. And the crowd loved it and when my two little sluts reached orgasm, the crowd cheered and clapped. Slowly, my little sluts got up, went back to the fitting room, got dressed and very proudly walked out of the store." God, it was so hot. I was so workup and horny, I got us a hotel room and we fucked for hours. What a great day." Casandra smiles with the memory.

And she remembers another time in a mall, this time involving Security Guards. "We were in a different city, different city, and were just sort of wandering. We each had on a short skirt and halter top, when we walked by the mall food court. And I had an idea. Hmmm. I turned to my two little slave/sluts and ordered them "to walk into the food court, go to opposite sides, sit down facing the center. And expose them and play with them and act oblivious to anyone else." 

Lara and Tara did not blink an eye, each said, "Yes Mistress." 

And carried out my orders."

"Lara went to one side and Tara went to the other side. They looked at each other across the court, smiled and sat down to begin. They each opened their legs, waited for someone to notice. And when someone did, they started to play with their cunts and fondle their tits. More and more people; men, women, teens, noticed what the girls were doing and moved closer for a better look. 

Some of the spectators were shocked but no one left; every one of them stood and watched. This went on for a while, about 30 minutes, and my girls were getting pretty work up by now. When four Security Guards, two men and two women, walked into the food court. The two male guards went to Tara and the two female Guards went to Lara."

"Ok, come with us. Shows over." 

And grabbed each one by the arm. The crowd booed and jeered but didn't stop the guards from leading the young girls away. I thought to myself, "Ah oh. This could be a problem. Better keep close." 

The guards lead my girls to the Security Office and took them inside. I waited outside and thought, "I'll play it by ear and wait for a bit." 

After 30 minutes, I walked in but no one was there, it was empty. I heard something in another room, so I walked to the door and opened it. My, were they surprised. Tara was getting fucked by one guard and giving head to the other. 

I screamed, "What are you doing to my girls you sons of bitches." 

And I started to hit the men and yelling I was going to call the police. This gave Tara a chance get to the door and throw her clothes back on. I guess I forgot my training because I knocked both of them out, not meaning too. When Tara and I got out of the office, the other door had opened and the two female guards stood there. 

I yelled, "Where is my daughter? What have you done to her?" 

I pushed my way into the room and saw Lara lying on the table. One had obviously been eating Lara's pussy and the other, making Lara eat her pussy. The two guards tried to explain themselves that nothing happened.

I yelled, "I'll see you in court, bitches." 

Lara had gotten dressed. I moved to the door but was blocked. I said, "Move or else. Look at your buddies." 

One of them looked into the other room, saw the two male guards out cold and whispered to the other. And they both backed up. I took Lara by the hand, and then we walked out of the office and went straight to the car. When we got there, we looked at each other and started laughing. 

When I asked "What happened?" 

Lara replied smiling, "Well, once we got into the room, I acted very slutty and naughty; I was still very horny. You could say it was my fault. They saw me and just couldn't control themselves." 

And Tara said, "No shit. Those guys were all over me when I spread my legs, ripped my top off and said, "Come on, give it to me. I need it bad." That was very true because I was still so hot." 

We laughed some more and on the way home, stopped for dinner. Pretty exciting day."

Miss Casandra Hall continues to remember the past few months.

Part 2: Adventure at an Adult Bookstore 

Mistress Casandra Hall is lying in her bed between her two slaves, where they had just had a great love making session. Her slaves were sleeping on either side of her while she gently caresses them. As she lay there, she thinks about the last few months, "I can't believe it's been almost one year since I first met Lara and Tara; and made them mine. So much has happened. So many adventures." 

She giggles and had just been remembering "the Mall Adventures." 

Then she thought, "And what about the other Adventures. God, they were great." 

And Mistress Hall thinks back, "We had been here for two months and were very happy. But I wanted my little slave/sluts to have an adventure but couldn't come up with one. Then one hit me! I would rent my slaves to an Adult Bookstore. That would be wicked. And I remember giggling about it. Over the next few days I researched the possible locations and found one that looked like a good bet. It's amazing what you can find online, if you know where to look. 

The Adult Bookstore I chose was in a city close by, about an hour and a half away. I had arranged to meet the Store Manger, Lou Ann, at a local café. The girls and I arrive first. I told them where to sit and to wait, while I waited for Lou Ann at another table. 

When she arrived, I thought to myself, "She looks just like her pictures, she a very pretty 40 year old. And a nice body." 

I rose and introduced myself, we ordered some coffee and I got down to business."

"I said to her, "I have a proposal for you, one that will double or even triple your sales." 
