 Chapter Five: "What Happens Next" 

On Monday, Tia changes Caroline's status to "Home Schooled" and so she does not have to go back to the school. And if she is stopped by the police again, she just have to show the record and she won't have any problems. 

Eva has to attend the special program through the next week, Tia protects her. And then changes here status to "Home Schooled" as well. Tia and Sherry both spend all their free time with Madison and Caroline. And both couples get closer and closer. 

Madison gets a promotion after working at Wilson Trading Company for two months, and a raise. Tia continues at the school and stops having sex with students. Sherry keeps working and Caroline stays home, and takes care of the house. She cleans Tia's apartment as well as Sherry's. 

After three months, Tia moves in with Madison and Caroline, and Madison and Tia agree to share Caroline as their Slave. They love to dress her up as a older teen and have her seduce older women; at the mall, at restaurants, at parks, at movie theaters. And she never fails. 

Sherry continues to see Caroline and after six months, she asks Madison and Tia while holding Caroline's hand, "May I move in with Caroline. We love each other." 

Madison had been expecting this question and replied, "Yes you may. But you must agree to be our Slave." 

Sherry looks at Caroline then back at Madison and says, "Yes, I agree. I love her with all my heart." 

The four young women all hug and cry. Sherry quits her job the next day and moves in with Caroline. With Madison's and Tia's income, the two Slaves do not need to work.

Sherry and Caroline stay at home and take care of the house and do all the cooking. They are also given tasks to do sometimes. 

Like, "Go to the Adult Bookstore and fuck two men each." 

Or, "Go to the beach and seduce another woman together." 

Or, "Go to the mall, shop and play with each other in the fitting room, and seduce a sales clerk." 

It was fun and it kept them busy. And when Madison and Tia came home, it was story telling time. Caroline and Sherry would tell all that had happened and sometimes, they had photos to show. 

Also, Daisy continued to have visits by Sharon every Tuesday and Thursday, and Sharon always brings one or two women along for Daisy to service. And the monthly parties continue. On one Tuesday, Sherry is there also, nude and when Sharon steps into the apartment. 

Daisy says, "This Slave has been ordered to join us from now on. If you agree, the fee is doubled. If you do not agree, then this ends now." 

Sharon looks Sherry from head to toe, smiles and says, "Oh yes, I agree." 

And from that day on, every Tuesday and Thursday, Daisy and Sherry serviced Sharon and her friends. And the parties increased to two a month.

Two months later, Sharon stopped by the apartment on a Friday night to see Madison. 

She said, "You should have Daisy and Sherry Slave Graded. To see how much they are worth and they would be Registered and Certified as your Slaves. It would be a protection for both your Slaves and you." 

Madison, "I have never heard of such a thing." 

Sharon, "Oh, the world of Slavery is bigger than people realize." 

And she goes to the computer and says. "May I show you?" 

And she brings up a web site. Madison and Tia are floored. 

Sharon goes on, "I only bring this up because a couple of women were talking at the last party. I am telling you this because I care for those two." 

Madison, "What did they say?" 

Sharon, "One said, "If they're owner won't have them Slave Graded, I will. And then they will legally belong to me." And I interrupt her and said, "You can't do that, that's stealing. Those are good and nice girls." And the woman says back to me, "Oh hush. They are Unregistered and Uncertified Slaves. Whoever has them Slave Graded is their Owner." 

Sharon then says to Madison, "She is correct. That is the law. And I know what you are thinking. "Don't let her do anymore parties." It wouldn't do any good. They know about them both, she has been here. She could show up and take them at anytime. I'm so sorry." 

Madison, "Thank you for telling us about this. And there is a Slave Grading tomorrow isn't there." 

Sharon, "Yes, there is." 

Madison looked at Tia, then Caroline and then Sherry. 

She then said, "We will go tomorrow and have them Slave Graded. You can come along Sharon." 

Sharon, "All right."

The next morning, they all go to the Slave Grading. Caroline and Sherry are each Slave Graded. Blood is drawn, every part of their bodies are measured, recorded and photographed. A small Slave Mark is branded on their left buttocks and their Slave Number is tattooed to their scalp, just above the hair line. When the paper work is completed and added to the data base, Caroline and Sherry are now Registered and Certified, grade A, as Madison's Slaves. 

Madison takes everyone out for a nice dinner to celebrate. Caroline is thrilled to be officially Madison's Slave, as is Sherry. It would seem strange to some but there is much love in the house. Madison and Tia are in love and Caroline and Sherry are in love. They sometimes have a foursome but usually stay with their mate. 

For that is how they think of themselves, as each other's wives. After two years, they move to a country house. Madison continues to do well at her job as does Tia. Caroline and Sherry keep up the house, both inside and out. They are all together for a long time. Life was good.