 Chapter Three: Exploring Their New Home and the Woods

When the gate opened, Miss Casandra Hall drove through, watched it close and continued down to the house. The driveway is a long one since it is a large estate and takes a couple of minutes to get to the house. It is a large house, the renovation work is complete. She pulls the car to a space and parks. 

Casandra says to her two slave sluts, "Here we are, let's get out and check it all out." 

They each gather their own bags and walk up the short stairs to the porch and look around it all. The estate includes four buildings; the House, a four stall Garage, a Pool Shed and a small Barn. The house has a large front porch with plenty of room, there are two sway loveseats and a deck set complete with a small table. The porch connects to decking, which wraps around the whole house, also with patio furnishings. 

Then Casandra thinks, "Very nice, just how it should look." 

This is the first time she has been here; she worked with the realtor over her cell phone and computer. Casandra let the realtor know exactly the type of estate she wanted. And, Sandy, the realtor, found it for her, and very quickly. Sandy is 41 years old, married, has a nice figure and face and she likes to please her clients. After looking at hundreds of photos of the house and surrounding estate, Casandra knew this was it. Casandra offered Sandy a large bonus to get it the whole purchasing process done in a month. And she did. 

Also, Casandra had Sandy handle the renovation work. Casandra directed Sandy on what was to be done and Sandy hired the companies to complete. Again, Sandy got a large bonus for having everything completed it three weeks. And, again, she did. Sandy also completely stocked up the house with food. From a list prepared by Casandra, Sandy filled the large pantry, the refrigerator and the double door freezer. All told, Sandy, not including her sales commission, netted a bonus of $150,000. Casandra could be very generous to get what she wants.

Casandra goes to the front door and opens it, thinking to herself as she does, "this is the last time I open this door. From now on, it's a slave duty." 

And the three young beauties walk into their new home. They stand in the Foyer and gaze around them.

All three are thinking the same thing, "What a house, it's huge! I love it." 

On the first floor, the Foyer, with a Coat Closet on the right and a Half Bath on the left, opened to a two-storied Entrance Room, where one could gain access to the other rooms and there is a Staircase to the second floor. There is an open corridor with a railing on the 2nd floor giving access to the Bedrooms. 

Other rooms on the first floor include a large Kitchen equipped with all the best appliances, with an island, plenty of counter and cupboard space, and a Breakfast Nook that had a view of the back. A large walk-in Pantry opens on one side of the Kitchen and on the other is a formal Dining room. 

There is also a large Living Room with four couches, several different kinds of chairs, a writing/computer desk, end tables, coffee tables and a variety of lamps and, very important to Casandra, three out of four walls were bookshelves filled up with a wide ranging collection of books and art, with the fourth wall being filled with windows that look out the front. The books include from fiction and nonfiction. Mistress loves to read and requires her slaves to read too. Casandra loves History, Science and such. They also subscribe to a wide range of magazines. Her girls may be slaves and sluts, but there are no dummy in this house. 

There is also a Family Room, with two couches, four chairs, an entertainment center and sound system, a writing/computer desk and various end tables, coffee tables and lamps, and no windows for excellent viewing. There is a Den/Office with a large desk, a couch, 2 chairs and a bookshelf cabinet, with a side door that opens on to the porch. There is a full Bathroom as well as a Laundry Room and a Folding Room. 

Off the Folding Room is a Fitness Room which has a wide range of fitness machines and gear, and opens to the back deck and pool area. There is a powerful computer in the Den, the Living Room, the Family Room with a smaller computer in the Kitchen. Casandra has the best internet, voice, cable and data available; they are connected to the world.

Down in the basement, there is a Game Room with a pool table, darts and other games. Casandra does not care about playing pool or darts but decided to keep this room like it is. There is also a full Bath and a large Storage Room which takes up almost half the floor and is filled with shelving. The next two rooms were part of the renovation. One has been converted into a Bondage Room, with all the gear you need. 

Actually, Casandra does not think too much about bondage/S&M. She prefers pleasure, giving and receiving, but, at times, bondage can be very erotic and hot. It can add spice to love making or control. The other room is off of the Bondage Room. It is the Detention Room; it is very barren with only a bed, an overhead light, eyehooks on the wall and chains hanging from the ceiling that can be raised and lowered as preferred. 

Casandra does not plan to use this room much but, in certain situations, it will come in handy, if, she needs to secure someone for some reason. There is one more room in the basement but it is hidden. It opens through a secret door in the Game Room, it is a large Panic Room. Casandra hopes they never have to use it but is glad it is there.

On the second floor is the Master Bedroom or as Casandra calls it, the Mistress Bedroom, and 7 more bedrooms. The Master Bedroom is very large; with a king-sized bed, a sunken tub, a large walk-in closet, a large Bathroom with walk-in shower and has a large deck. 

The other furnishings include a couch, two large chests of drawers, 2 small tables and a couple of chairs. In addition, there is a spiral staircase that leads to a tower that, at the top, ones stands fifteen feet above the roof. The Tower Room is 10 feet across and it is furnished with chairs and small tables, and has windows all around it giving the viewer a 360 degree view of the estate. 

The other five Bedrooms are all identical and each has a small walk-in closet, a chest of drawer, a chair, a Bath and each has a deck. Four of the five have a queen size bed and one has a set of twin beds. There is a full Bath as well. In addition, there is a staircase leading down to the pool deck.

When the three women, one Mistress and her two cute little slave girls, have been on each floor and explored every room, they return to the Foyer. 

Casandra asks her slave girls, "Well, what do you think of our new home my little ones?" 

"It's wonderful! I love it," Lara replies.

Tara says, "Yes, Mistress, I love it to. We'll be very happy here." 

Casandra says, "Yes little one, we are going to be very happy here. You each will have your own bedroom, the two closes to mine, and I will allow you to decorate your room however you wish. Everyone, even slaves, should have a place of their own. Submit your ideas to me for approval my dears." She than continues, "It is a very large house though. Are you two sure you can keep up with it? Keep it nice and clean?" 

Lara response, "Oh yes Mistress. None of us are messy and we'll go through each room every day, including every bathroom. Won't we Tara?" 

"Yes, we can keep it spot-less for you Mistress." 

Casandra walked over to her slaves, gives them both a big hug and says, "Such good slave girls. You make me so proud." 

And her slaves just beamed with delight at the compliment.

Casandra stood for a moment and thought to herself, "It is better than I thought possible. It's fantastic! And Sandy, she did a wonderful job. She got the renovation job completed on time. She did a great job filling the Kitchen and Pantry. I think our give her a larger bonus, she did a great job." 

She remembers going over the plans for the downstairs renovation with Sandy and she smiles at the memory. Of the many video chat calls they had, this one was special. During the call, Casandra sent Sandy the instructions on the two new rooms and what was her, Sandy's, duties to perform. 

"I still remember the look on her face, priceless, as she read the instructions." 

I asked her, "Is there a problem?" 

"No" she replies, not looking happy. 

I further added, "I have ordered the bondage gear and it will arrive at your office. Once the renovation is complete, you are responsible for setting up the Bondage Room and the Detention Room. Is that clear?" I said rather harshly. 

She nodded and said, "Yes Miss Hall, I understand." 

I replied, "If you don't do a great job, I will punish you, do you understand little you." 

Pushing her even harder and she just said, "Yes." 

Casandra chuckles to herself, "some women are so easy. Dear, Dear Sandy."

Miss Hall then turns to the door and says, "Let's go outside and check out the yard and pool." 

They step onto front porch and look at their yard. A beautiful lawn with flower beds, shrubs and trees, is in their view. The house sits on a slight rise and the ground has a slight slope downward. It is yard large but the rest of the estate is woods, with lots of trails, along with several ponds and a couple of creeks that run through it. In addition, the estate is surrounded by Public land, also all woods. 

The estate is in the middle of nowhere, which is one reason Casandra chose it. Again, Casandra asks her two slave girl, "Are you sure you will be able to handle all it this little ones?" 

Both replied at the same time, "Yes Mistress." 

And Mistress Casandra laughed and responds back, "Well, we'll see how it goes. Maybe I'll hire a lawn care company. But, let us continue."

They proceed to walk around the deck to the back and the pool deck. There is a good sized pool, which has a depth of three to five feet and it connects to a small wading pool. There is also an outdoor spa and a large outdoor grill as well as lots of patio furniture. There is a small pool building and farther back in the yard is a small barn which stores the outdoor equipment and tools. 

Casandra thinks to herself, "The previous owners must have entertained a lot, so much furniture outside." And she asks the girls again, "Can you both keep the pool cleaned and maintained?" 

"Yes Mistress." 

"And, the inside work and the lawn care? You think you can handle all of it." 

"Yes, Mistress. We can do it." 

"Ok, let's go inside." 

As they walk back to the front, Casandra says to herself, "It's settled, my two slaves will maintain the house, pool and the grounds, and they will do it all. Under my direction, of course. I'll write up a set of duty in a little while."

The biggest improvement made to the house and grounds was the installation of a video camera system that covers the entire house and yard. Every room has multiple cameras which cover everything and the yard is covered too. From any of the computers in the house or from her phone, Casandra can look at any camera in the system. It only records when movement is detected.

The estate is close to a small town, where they always behave, and there are four large cities nearby, all within three hours drive time, and one only one hour away. Any adventures the trio has are in one of the cities, not the small town close by.

When the three reenter the house, Mistress Casandra turns to her two little slaves and sluts and says, "As of now all ruled will be enforced. Get out of those clothes." 

Lara and Tara both giggle as they obey. Soon they are nude if front of their Mistress and who says to them, "My, My, you are both so cute and perfect, I love you." 

To which her slaves both replied together, "I love you Mistress." 

Then Casandra asks her slave/sluts, "So, what now my sluts?" 

And as she knew she would, Lara says, "Mistress, may we make love to you? You've made us so happy."

And Tara, "Please Mistress, let us make love to you." 

"Where? Right here?" 

"Why not, let's have sex in every room in the house." 

And they all laughed and Casandra disrobed and said, "Ok, my little sluts, come with me." 

Mistress Casandra Hall then turned and led her two sluts to her bedroom. 

"Lara, open the door." 

Lara opens and door and stands aside. The two slaves follow their Mistress into her bedroom, when they had been in here earlier today, exploring the house, they were clothed; this time and forever more, they were slaves and are naked. 

"Tara fill the tub, we bath first." 

"Yes Mistress." 

"Lara, bring some towels" 

"Yes Mistress." 

When the tub was filled they got in. It is a large tub and there is plenty of room. Casandra orders her slaves to "wash my hair and my body." 

Lara and Tara do as ordered, managing to make Mistress very hot in the process. When they had washed her completely and made her come, she said, "Lara, Tara. Help each other wash now, your hair and bodies. I'll watch you." 

Lara and Tara washed each other's hair, then soaped each other up and cleaned each other. And, getting very hot in the process. They both came at the same time and their Mistress smiled and thought, "My sluts, my pretty sluts." 

They laid there relaxing for a short time, then Mistress Casandra, "let's get out and dry." 

They each got out of the tub and toweled dry. Then Lara and Tara dried Mistress's hair and when done, Casandra walked over and lied down on the bed. "Girls, dry your hair and then come here." 

The girls dried their hair and went to their Mistress's bed, and stood by. By now the slave girls knew not to get into bed with Mistress until she gave the order. 

"Lara, Tara, come to me." 

And they made love. Lara and Tara concentrated on their Mistress, gently rubbing her all over her body; her tits, tummy and pussy. Lara would eat Mistress's pussy while Tara suck on her tits, then they would switch. Her slave girls brought her to orgasm after orgasm. 

Casandra thought to herself, "My god, this is the life." 

When she calmed down, Casandra said, "Go ahead you two, go at each other, I'll watch you." 

They both replied, "Yes Mistress and thank you." 

And, with their Mistress lying next to them, they made love. They fondled each other's tits, fingered each other's pussy, rub each other's ass; they did a "69" each other, and came and came. 

When they were done, Mistress cheered. "You were great, now, bring me off again." 

And Lara and Tara did just that, they brought their Mistress to another orgasm and was rewarded with permission to bring each other off again." 

Afterwards, they slept. They did not wake till morning.

Mistress Casandra Hall wrote up the next morning feeling very good. 

"This is our first full day at our wonderful new home," she thought to herself while gently caressing her two slave sluts that were lying on either side of her.

"Oh, was last night fun," She giggled. 

She then playfully slapped Lara on her butt and then did the same to Tara. Her two little slave sluts, Lara and Tara, looked up at their Mistress with such love and devotion; it almost took her breath away. 

"And I love them just as much. That's important to a Mistress/Slave relationship, it must be cemented by love not force," she thinks to herself. 

Then she says, "Ok, let's have breakfast. Then we'll fix our hair and go for a walk. Ok little ones." 

"Ok Mistress. What would like for breakfast?" 

"Let us have eggs and bacon this morning, shall we. You two go and fix it up, I'll be right down." 

Lara and Tara bowed and left to fix breakfast. While Casandra lay back for a while and after 15 minutes she got up and went down to the Breakfast Nook. Part of their duties was cooking and keeping track of supplies.

As Casandra walked into the Kitchen, Lara and Tara were finishing up and placing the plates on the small table. 

"Smells good my dears." 

"Thank you, we made toast too. Is that ok, Mistress?" 

Casandra smiled, she did not discourage her slaves from thinking for themselves, if fact, she wanted them to think. But, always obey. "Yes, my pet. That's fine. Thank you" 

And again, Casandra saw her slave girls "beam" with delight. They sat down, with Casandra sitting first; her slaves knew that "Mistress always sits down first." Lara and Tara "do not sit until given permission", that is also a rule they know. Casandra motions to them to sit and they proceed to eat their breakfast, chatting like school girls. When they're done eating, Lara and Tara clear the table and wash the dirty dishes, without being told. That is another rule they know, "always wash the dirty dishes after every meal."

After breakfast, Casandra tells her little sluts to, "go to your own room and use your own bathroom and get ready to go for a walk. I want you to shower and fix your hair. And Lara, fix your hair I like it like it." 

Lara knew what Mistress meant. "She wants my hair done up so I look like I'm twelve. And I like that too!" She thought to herself, smiling. 

She hears Mistress Casandra say, "Ok girls, up we go, we'll meet in the Foyer in 30 minutes. Put on a pair of short shorts and a crop top." 

And all three young women run up the stairs. Each went into her own room and got ready for the day. And 30 minutes later they met in the Foyer.

When the three young women met in the Foyer, it was a sight. All three are stunning beauties and were wearing short shorts and a crop top, and each one looks better than the next. 

When Casandra looked at the reflection at the three of them together, she said to them, "Damn, are we hot. Could anyone resist us, man or woman? I think not." 

Lara and Tara each laugh and agree. 

Lara asks her Mistress, "Where are we going, Mistress?" 

Casandra replied, "I thought we would explore the woods my sweet, go for a hike. Now, you too go to the kitchen and fill three water bottles, place the bottles and some snacks in a backpack. Go to the linen closet get a large towel and put that in the backpack too. And come right back. Hurry." She smiled as she watched her two slaves run to the kitchen. In a few minutes, her young sluts returned to the Foyer with a backpack.

Miss Hall says, "Let's go." 

And turns towards the door. Tara without having to be told opens the door and allows her Mistress to walk through and then her and Lara follow. Casandra has a map of the estate which shows the trails, creeks, ponds and a small lake, which is marked "for swimming." It is a very good map, very accurate. It shows the boundary line where the high fence is, with "No Trespassing" signs every 75 feet. 

The main trails, there are four, and all start somewhere along the edge of the yard and other trails criss-cross the property. She decides to hike to the Lake first. It is a lovely day and being in no hurry, she sets a slow pace, so they can look around. As they hike, Casandra is in front, always; and her slaves follow, always. That's another rule of the house.

As the hike continues Lara asks, "Mistress, you like us like this?" 

Casandra stopped and turned, and answered, "Yes, baby. Very much. Why do you ask that?" 

"Well, when we were preparing breakfast we were talking and decided that we should work out every day in the Fitness Room so that we can stay looking good for you, Mistress, so you will stay proud of us. Is that allowed?" 

"Yes, that is allowed. That's a good idea my pets. All three of us will work out every day." 

Then, Tara asked, "Mistress, could you show us how you kicked that Kate bitch? Could you teach us some of what you know?" 

She then turned to Lara and said like a little girl, "She has a black-belt in three disciplines you know." 

Lara answers back, "I know that. I was there too you know." 
