 Stephanie looked at the frowning little face sitting next to her in the car. 

"Mom, why do I have to play soccer?" the face said in a protesting and whiny voice. 

Stephanie remembered when the face was much smaller. She was in a rocker holding the small face, fascinated at how when she smiled, the face smiled back at her. Books on child development told her that it was an autonomic response but she thought otherwise. 

As Stephanie drove to the soccer field, the bright warm day reminded her of a similar day, now years ago. 

It was the day of her promotion at Dunphy and McCoy and Stephanie was sitting at her desk and feeling blue. Judy had informed her of the promotion and she was genuinely thrilled but, her love life was a mess. Dating after college was a bona fide nightmare. Most of the single business men or professionals she dated were pompous egomaniacs. Although she had friends and a social life, she was lonely. 

With the sporadic dating habits, her sex life was sorely lacking. Stephanie knew Judy was attracted to her and for an older woman, found Judy appealing. At the company picnic, Judy wore a 2 piece that was more like a bikini and she looked great. 

Stephanie wasn't looking for any long term relationship with Judy but something that might satisfy both their needs. However, with Judy's impending divorce, she didn't want to take advantage of the situation. When Judy announced her promotion, Stephanie embraced her tightly. 

Before she left work for the day, Stephanie popped her head into Judy's office and saw that she was crying. The final divorce papers were on her desk. Stephanie was genuinely upset for Judy but she was well aware why the marriage failed. Judy had confided in Stephanie and revealed her sexual proclivities that started in college.

Stephanie invited Judy to spend Saturday with her. Through her tears, Judy accepted the invitation but insisted they spend the day by the pool at her home.

The bright sunny skies, warm temperatures and a swimming pool were the perfect antidote for chasing the blues away. Stephanie wore her bikini under her clothes and stripped by the pool. 

Judy was already in a lounger and admired Stephanie's lean and fit bikini clad body. With her long brown hair and tan, she was breathtaking. Just looking at her hot body made Judy's stomach flutter. Her last same sex encounter was in college and she was more than ready. 

Stephanie was relaxing on the lounger when Judy started talking.

"Sometimes I wonder if my career was worth the sacrifices. Judy said introspectively.

"Why?" Stephanie mused.

"My career took precedence over my desire and my husbands' desire to have children." Judy said with sadness. 

"Don't let it happen to you" Judy warned. 

"But, you have what it takes to make it in this field; I saw it the very first day" Judy said admiringly. 

"I'm going to miss working with you on a daily basis." Judy sadly remarked. 

Stephanie felt the same way and was well aware that Judy recommended her for the promotion. From the beginning, Judy was not only her boss but a mentor as well. Stephanie learned the mechanics of the marketing business from Judy and she wasn't a shameless self promoter like a lot of the managers at Dunphy and McCoy. Without any trepidation, Judy willingly shared her knowledge and skills with Stephanie. 

Stephanie told Judy how Diane, her roommate in college always watched her back and Stephanie returned the favor. Judy agreed with that simple philosophy and since the business world was so cut throat, they would watch each others back. 

Stephanie got up and sat on the edge of Judy's lounger. She hugged Judy tightly. 

"Thank You" Stephanie said with a voice full of gratitude. 

As they looked at each other, emotions welled up inside them that refused to be denied. Stephanie took the initiative and kissed Judy with desire. 

"I've wanted you for so long" Judy moaned breathlessly. 

As Judy's hands roamed over Stephanie's tight body, they kissed passionately. Since Judy didn't want to give the neighbors a show, they went indoors. With shaky hands, Judy slowly removed Stephanie's bikini top, then, paused to admire the view. 

Stephanie felt her nipples harden from the cool air and Judy's gaze. Her look of desire was like a balm to Stephanie's ego. As silky hands massaged her needy tits, hot pulses of sensation dampened Stephanie's crotch. 

Judy marveled at the firmness of the breasts in her trembling hands. She lowered her mouth to the nipples standing at attention and lathed the surfaces with her tongue. With one hand squeezing a tit and her greedy mouth sucking the other, her free hand cupped Stephanie's bikini clad pussy. 

Stephanie wallowed in the scintillating pleasure and felt her knees weaken. As her body lost control, Judy held it firmly and wouldn't stop. New sensations gripped her as fingers invaded her bikini bottom and traced up and down the wet slit. 

The years of self denial had caught up with Judy and she was consumed by her lust for Stephanie. With a ravenous appetite, she explored the tender body. Finally Stephanie's knees buckled and Judy guided her to the sofa. 

Stephanie watched breathlessly as her panties made the slow descent down her legs. Her body tingled with anticipation as Judy's head disappeared between her thighs. She gasped loudly as Judy lapped her with ardor and thought that no one since Diane made her feel this good.

Lost in ecstasy, Judy ate her protégé with abandon. As she sucked the turgid flesh, she saw Stephanie staring at her with an awed expression on her face and it thrilled her. Two lonely people had found solace in each others arms. 

Stephanie stayed the weekend and they indulged their lust many times over.

Several months after her promotion, Stephanie got a surprise phone call from Steve Romero. He was passing thru town and wanted to take her to lunch. At the time she was preparing a new marketing campaign for her biggest client but agreed to go anyway. A break from the office might be therapeutic. 

When Stephanie saw Steve she was struck by how much thinner he looked. He told her that his latest injury had sidelined him for good and with the money left over from his signing bonus, he was headed back to college. Steve spoke with sincerity about his desire to teach high school and coach athletics. 

Stephanie was impressed by Steve's determination to carve out a much different career. The swaggering demeanor and bravado from his college days was gone as he spoke with humility and candor. 

Then the conversation took a twist in another direction.

"If what I'm about to say sounds too forward, just say so but, I can't get you out of my head." He blurted out, sounding like a love struck schoolboy. 

"I've never met anyone like you" he voiced in a gushing way. 

The words tumbled out of Steve's mouth as though they had a will of their own. Steve told Stephanie that of all the girls he dated no one compared to her and the best time he ever spent with someone of the opposite sex was with her at Tony and Diane's wedding. 

"I'd really like to see you again" he said in earnest.

If she was willing to give him a chance and despite their busy schedules, he would work something out so that they could date at least one weekend a month. Spent from his rare show of emotion, Steve lowered his gaze to the table top, waiting for her rebuke. But, none came. 

Stephanie was blushing from his comments. Not since Ethan had anyone professed such depth of feeling for her. 

"Ok. But, I'm not sure this relationship, if you want to call it a relationship, is going anywhere." She replied in an honest voice.

"I'll take that chance" He said unable to hide his delight.

Stephanie happened to look at her watch and realized she had to get back to the office. Outside the restaurant, with Steve's words still ringing in her eyes, she embraced him and gave him a little peck on the cheek. 

Steve was overwhelmed by her display of affection and was already counting the days when he could see her again. 

Back at the office, Stephanie was having a hard time concentrating on her work. She had just agreed to date Steve Romero, who supposedly, wasn't her "type". But, her dating prospects were dim at best and she saw a legitimate change in him. Even though it was Steve, she thought it was worth exploring the possibilities.

Steve kept his word and one weekend a month he appeared on Saturday and left Sunday afternoon. At first, he stayed at a motel overnight but as there relationship progressed, Stephanie insisted that he sleep on her sofa to save money. 

To Stephanie's complete shock, she had a wonderful time when Steve visited. They went to museums, art galleries and cultural events. Steve took a genuine interest in the activities but in fairness, she accompanied him to hockey, basketball games even football games at their old alma mater and found that she enjoyed the spectacle. 

Although Steve wasn't the best conversationalist, Stephanie saw a vast improvement in his ability to talk about topics unrelated to sports. As time went on, she discovered she missed the big lug when he wasn't around and counted the days when he would reappear on her doorstep.

Steve was in love with Stephanie and he spent hours composing love letters and sending them express mail. After a few months they started seeing each other on a twice monthly basis and had make out sessions on the sofa. From the start, Steve told Stephanie that he would never take advantage of her and they would move at her pace. It was the ultimate test of self control for him but his intentions were honorable and he kept his physical needs in check.

The last weekend Steve visited, he had a concerned look on his face. Finals week was just around the corner and he had to study or face the possibility of not graduating with honors. If he got stuck on a particular area, he asked for Stephanie's help. More than anything he wanted to graduate with honors and prove to himself that he could succeed. Also, he wanted Stephanie to be proud of him as well. 

Stephanie watched as he concentrated his efforts on the difficult material and was touched by his determination. Her feelings had grown as the weeks went by and now she was positive she was in love with him. No fortune teller could have foreseen such a startling turn of events. The last several visits, their make out sessions were so intense, it took all of her inner strength not to drag him into her bedroom and rape him. 

After a long day of studying, Steve was wiped out and needed a break. Stephanie ordered Chinese take out and while they were eating, Steve told her he wanted to graduate with honors not just for himself but also so Stephanie would be proud of him. She was so moved that tears welled up in the corners of her eyes. 

For the first time in his life, Steve shed tears in front of a woman other than his mother. His heart was beating like a bass drum from the emotional feelings he had for Stephanie. When he had the courage to look into her eyes, he told her he would do anything she asked him to. 

"I love you Stephanie" he said with profound yearning in his voice as the tears ran down his cheeks. 

Steve's profession of love pushed Stephanie over the edge. Her body responded with a longing she was powerless to resist. She pushed the coffee table out of the way and jumped on top of him. They kissed with fervent need like lovers do. At one point they slowed down and Steve asked if she would just hold him for a while. His erection was straining against his jeans and he didn't want a sticky mess in his pants. 

But, Stephanie couldn't stop grinding her pelvis against his hard on and his orgasm exploded in his shorts. When his breathing turned to rapid gasps, she realized he was coming. With a sheepish look, he apologized for the "accident". 

"I did that?" she questioned endearingly.         "OH YEAH!" he responded enthusiastically. 

Stephanie attacked him like a wolf a in a flock of sheep and dragged him into her bedroom. Consumed by desire, they stripped each other in seconds. When Stephanie was on top of him he had another raging hard on and asked if she was sure she wanted him.

Stephanie responded by impaling herself on his throbbing penis. They tried every sex act imaginable. 

Steve asked if he could perform oral sex on her but admitted to a lack of experience. With her guidance and his willingness to please her, she had an explosive orgasm. They rode the peaks and valleys of passion together as his penis filled her to overflowing.

Finally exhausted and spent they fell fast asleep in each others arms.

As her relationship with Steve grew so her relationship with Judy waned to just mutual affection. Judy saw the love in Stephanie's eyes for Steve and was unquestionably happy for her. Stephanie had the chance for a life outside of her career and that was important. Judy loved her and although she wished they were still together, they had developed a bond that lasted a long time. 

Months later, Stephanie was invited to the christening of Tony and Diane's first child. She had a wonderful time holding the precious bundle and meeting Steve's relatives again. Steve had gotten a teaching job at the local high school and she was very proud of him. She expected him to propose any day. 

But sometimes the path to marriage can be bumpy and after the christening reception party, she was looking for Steve. When she ventured near the field that served as a parking lot, she spotted him by a big suv and he was hugging a very hot looking dark haired beauty. She had a strapless deep blue sun dress on that showcased her "assets".

Stephanie was furious with herself. He hadn't changed at all and she was a sap for believing him. She ran to the guest room and started packing.  

When Steve saw Stephanie packing, he was totally perplexed. At first, she refused to talk to him but eventually he found out the reason and he laughed out loud. 

"OH, so you think it's funny that I caught you with another woman?" Stephanie roared. 

"I think it's funny when the other woman happens to be my cousin Theresa." He chortled. 

But Stephanie wasn't convinced and Steve was crushed. He cried like a baby and begged her to believe him. 

When Diane heard the ruckus in the guest room, she went to investigate. She was startled by the surreal scene of her brother-law shedding tears and her friend having one heck of a pissed off looking expression on her face. As Steve left the room looking pitiful, Diane looked at Stephanie quizzically. 

"What's going on?" She inquired innocently.

Stephanie described in detail what she had witnessed. 

"Oh, that's Steve's cousin Theresa!" She exclaimed. 

Stephanie's face dissolved into a look of abject sorrow and pain. She had falsely accused Steve and was overwhelmed with guilt. 

"Who did you think she was?' Diane asked with mock innocence. 

Diane proceeded to tell Stephanie that whenever she and Tony are around Steve, Stephanie's the topic of discussion. 

"He's head over heels for you" Diane said convincingly. 

"I swear it must run in the family but the other day he told us that he didn't know if he could live without you and he was madly in love." Diane asserted fervently.

"The guy's done a complete 360 degree turn from what I can see" Diane attested forcefully. Stephanie was looking for Steve, when she saw him get in his car. She ran like the wind and caught up with him before he had a chance to put the car in gear. When she saw his face, he was weeping and she went on a crying jag also. Stephanie apologized a thousand times for doubting his word and professed her love over and over. 

Steve was so relieved he hugged Stephanie with all his strength. He told her that considering his past exploits with woman it was an honest mistake.

"You're the only one for me!" he exclaimed passionately and kissed all over her tear stained face.

The following week Steve proposed and they set the date for the wedding. However, with his teaching job at the local high school, Stephanie felt compelled to find a job in town. With her background and experience, she quickly found one at a local firm.

When Stephanie informed Judy of her decision, Judy felt morbidly sad. The one friend she loved and trusted was leaving. With her parents' gone and no other surviving family, her feeling of loneliness was overwhelming. Although she refused to show her emotions at work, many a night she cried herself to sleep. 

But, Stephanie was true to her friends and called or emailed Judy often. Although Stephanie lived across the state, the communication made Judy feel like part of the family. 

With the wedding only a few weeks away, Stephanie got an urgent message from Judy. Even though she was extremely busy planning a wedding and a new marketing campaign at work, she rushed to her friends' side. 

When she arrived at the hospital, it was past visiting hours and the nurse on duty refused to allow her visitation. Judy got wind of the situation and Stephanie could hear her bellowing at the top her lungs. 

"Let her in! She's family to me!" Judy ranted loudly.

As Stephanie caught sight of Judy, tears erupted in her eyes. Judy had lost most of her hair from the chemotherapy and was incredibly thin. Her skin had a ghostly pallor.

"I look that good?" Judy said in a questioning but knowing tone. 

"I don't have a lot of strength, so listen." Judy said firmly. 

"All the arrangements have been made and I've named you executrix of my will. Here's a copy and my attorney has the original." She stated in a matter of fact voice.

"You're the only person I trust to competently handle the situation." She stated seriously. 

"Why didn't you tell me sooner?" Stephanie sobbed.

"Because after the first round of chemo, I thought I had a chance but...anyway you have a new life and I don't want you hanging around here. Tomorrow, go home, that's an order." Judy sighed in an out of breath voice. 

"I wanted to see you one last time and talk." Judy said wearily. She was exhausted from her verbal exertions. 

"Now tell me what's going on with you" in a voice barely above a whisper.

While Stephanie sat next to Judy and held her pale wrinkled hand, she spoke about the events in her new life.

Judy's condition prevented her from attending the wedding. On her wedding day, Stephanie insisted on calling Judy at the hospital. Judy was very weak but was thrilled to hear her voice. 

Stephanie postponed her honeymoon when she got word that Judy was near death. She rushed to the airport but by the time she arrived at the hospital Judy was gone. When she saw her friends' lifeless body in the hospital, she cried her heart out. 

After the funeral, she went to the attorney's office for a reading of the will. To her complete amazement Judy had set up a sizable trust fund in the event Stephanie had any children. It was to be used solely for their college education. If any monies remained in the trust, it would be donated to a charity to be named by Stephanie. 

During her last visit to the hospital, it was Judy's dying wish that Stephanie have children and a family. She had been lonely most of her adult life. Her parents were deceased and she hated dying with no family to remember her. Judy had been her mentor, confident and lover. Stephanie saw that fresh flowers were placed on her grave every week.

When Stephanie arrived at the soccer field, her daughter ran to the coach and yelled,

"Daddy!"

Steve picked up his daughter and hugged her with tremendous affection. Stephanie was astonished at how big a softy he turned out to be with kids. He was delighted she was pregnant again and was painting the spare bedroom in anticipation of the new arrival. 

After the game, Stephanie's daughter had a couple of scrapes that required some first aid. Once the "boo boo's" were fixed and dinner was over it was off to bed. As Stephanie finished reading a bedtime story to the sleeping figure, Steve poked his paint spattered head in the room. 
