 It's rather difficult to write a story while one's pussy is being licked. I've tried to start this several different ways in the past few minutes, but Jennifer is too good at what she does. It's really hard to concentrate with her between my legs. We tried different angles in the open with the chair and the laptop, but nothing really worked until she finally crawled completely under the desk, reminding me of more than a few clichés. She doesn't care, though, because she's getting what she wants. She's a... wow, that little move with her tongue felt really good... excuse me... I guess you could say that she's an addict. She's addicted to licking pussy.

She wasn't always that way, and I wasn't always so casual and jaded about sex. That's what this story is about, really. We both used to be nice, normal girls - or as normal as girls are these days. We changed because of certain events that transpired between myself, Jennifer, and a third girl, Rebecca, certain events that I want to write down, to share, understand, and vindicate myself in some way. To be honest, it also turns me on to share my experiences with strangers, something the old me would have been terrified of doing.

It all started because of the old me, really. My first sexual experience with girls was a drunken threesome with a best friend and a random girl from a bar. It was totally unplanned and unexpected, and didn't go very well. I was too afraid and embarrassed during the experience to really have fun or participate, and I was totally unprepared for my best friend's confession of love for me afterwards. I was straight as an arrow in every way, prude, and fearful back then. I fucked everything up, of course, and lost my best friend.

It goes without saying that I was feeling a lot of conflicting emotions after that. I'm really not sure what major force drove me to doing what I did, but it was probably curiosity more than anything. A whole range of new and crazy thoughts had been opened up to me, and I wanted to understand what had happened. So, I started posting on certain anonymous internet sites looking for a threesome with two other women, in an attempt to recreate my first experience. Cut through ten months of unwanted and often disgusting e-mails from gross old men, until I finally get an e-mail from two female friends that are looking to have their first time with girls together. As you might guess, cue Jennifer and Rebecca.

That was only six months ago. Jennifer looks pretty much the same. Between my sweaty naked legs, she looks up at me and smiles knowingly for a moment before pressing her lips back against my sex. She knows what I'm writing, because we had this idea together, for me to write down our story for strangers while she eats me out. In her words, the idea 'tickles her.' Her sky blue eyes seem slightly glazed over right now - she gets that way, lost in her own little world, when she's getting her 'hit' of pussy. Her long blonde hair isn't matted or sweaty yet, but it will be. She gets really into licking and sucking.

I take a moment to reach down and have her slide her shirt off. I like to know her large breasts are hanging out while she licks me, even if I can't really see them from this angle. It's something about her soft, exposed skin, really, especially on her bare shoulders. I find it very attractive. I find quite a few things attractive about girls, despite still considering myself straight. Girls are beautiful and sex with a girl is fun, I don't deny it, but I'd never date one. No reason in particular - or, actually, I think it's because the new me likes the idea of having a beautiful source of casual sex with no strings attached. Jennifer certainly understands that. I tell her what I just wrote about her, and she laughs briefly from between my legs.

Rebecca looks much different from both of us. Rebecca's one of those rare true redheads. She's skinny, tall, and gorgeous. I always think of her breasts as 'tits,' for some reason, probably because they're a little smaller than Jennifer's, and much perkier. They match her personality - that is, extremely energetic, over-the-top sexual, and always seeking attention. As you might guess, she was the real driving force behind what happened between us three.

We met for the first time at a bar that doubled as a restaurant. I was initially incredibly nervous, meeting the two of them for the first time having already exchanged several e-mails about possibly having sex. I had to keep reminding myself that the two of them hadn't done anything with girls yet, and I had once - small comfort as that was. Once the food came, and we all drank a few beers, I actually started to relax. They were just two normal girls with a curious interest in lesbian sex, just like me. Jennifer and Rebecca had been friends for awhile, and their comfortable vibe rubbed off on me. We got along pretty well, which led to us getting along pretty drunk - drunk enough to grab a cab back to my apartment, which was the closest out of the three.

We were all pretty tipsy when we finally got into my apartment. I got each of us a beer, and we moved to the bed... to watch television. The three of us sat on my bed with our backs to the wall, watching Family Guy. No kidding. It felt like a good date that goes bad when your date suddenly makes you watch a cheesy science fiction movie halfway through the night. I hated things being de-railed like that, because we had been having so much fun before. I suppose none of us wanted to be the first to say something, or bring up the fact that we had all met specifically to have sex.

As I sat there, back against the wall, sitting nervously next to two beautiful and fun girls, I kept thinking about the fact that it shouldn't be awkward like this because we all knew why we were there. We'd even talked about it, how we wanted it to start, what we wanted to do... in those e-mails it had seemed so comfortable, so easy. I kept thinking, also, about my first time with my best friend, and how badly I screwed it up by being too afraid. If I didn't do this right, and get the full experience, I might never have the courage to do this again. So, I did the hardest thing in the world that I've ever done.

I was on the end, and Jennifer was in the middle, with Rebecca on her other side. I turned to Jennifer and said, 'Hey.' It was the best I could manage given my nervousness. She turned to me, her face really close, and said, 'Yeah?'... I was unable to say anything, so I put my hand on her leg. I swear that my arm was numb from nervousness. For a few moments, we simply stared at each other's mouths. I remember thinking that her lips were very attractive, and, after a second or two, I kissed her.

It was amazing, that first moment kissing her. It was my first purposeful kiss with another girl. Her lips were very different from a guy's, and very soft. I had kissed girls at parties before, or as a joke, but this was different. I could actually feel it and enjoy it without that 'limit' imposed by fear of being judged. I really, really liked it, and I kissed her like that for a long time.

That was when Rebecca's personality first started to show through. She was bored with just watching us, or jealous, or simply feeling mischievous; I'm not sure which. I opened my eyes a few times while kissing Jennifer and saw Rebecca watching the two of us with interest. Eventually, Rebecca decided to join us in a very unique way. She took my hand and put it on Jennifer's side, right near the bottom of her shirt. We hadn't moved our bodies much, so I got the idea, and started feeling Jennifer's back underneath her shirt while I kissed her. Her skin was really soft - again, much different from a guy's. I freaked out mentally for a moment when I touched the bottom of her bra strap, but my panic quickly turned into excitement as I realized what that would soon lead to.

And that was when Jennifer's personality first started to show through. She was extremely hesitant to do anything at all on her own. In fact, I started to worry that I was doing something wrong, because my unspoken attempts to up the passion of our kissing had met with a lot of resistance. Rebecca moved Jennifer's hand a few times onto my body, but, each time, that hand would freeze in place and refuse to move. Rebecca kept moving it with the same result, and, eventually, she sighed out of frustration. I couldn't help it; I laughed, and it caused both of them to laugh as well. I remember thinking that it felt very attractive to have a girl laughing an inch from my face and kissing me.

After that tension breaker, Jennifer was a little more handsy, and Rebecca took our beers away. I was glad, because the cold bottle had been freezing my hand and limiting my movement. I didn't want to stop kissing Jennifer to put it down for fear that we might never start again. Rebecca's guiding of our hands started reaching into interesting territory, and it all felt that much more fun because the three of us were experiencing it together. We had a strange kind of group trust and passion that really got me into it. Rebecca kept guiding our hands to places that we wouldn't have gone on our own; Jennifer, especially, might have never done anything at all without Rebecca making her. Rebecca even unhooked Jennifer's bra for me, allowing me to get my first good, long, feel of another girl's breasts.

It was definitely a surreal feeling, having Rebecca's hand on top of mine, guiding my hand under Jennifer's shirt and against her breast. I was initially surprised because feeling up a girl was interesting, yet not nearly as fun as guys seem to make it out to be. Her breasts were soft, warm, and inviting, but... strangely, it felt just like playing with my own breasts, but without the internal sensations. Her nipples were definitely different from mine, though, and I even felt them reacting to my touch while we kissed. It felt very intimate to have her body respond to me like that. 

Rebecca had to take Jennifer's hands and basically make her feel me up. I took my own bra off without breaking off my kissing her. I didn't want any disruptions in what was happening, because it really felt like Jennifer would take any reason to stop. She seemed to like what she was doing, but kept resisting each step forward. It made me wonder how the two of them decided to do this, and the realization hit me that this had to have been mainly Rebecca's idea. Jennifer was so fearful and hesitant, there was no way this was her idea. Did Jennifer confide in her best friend about possibly having this fantasy, and Rebecca made it happen? Jennifer did, however, grow more comfortable with kissing me, and let Rebecca mold us and guide our hands across each other's bodies for awhile.

Eventually, our shirts got tangled up, and we realized that it 'was time.' I helped Jennifer take off her shirt, and she took off mine. Rebecca took her own shirt off and, much to my surprise, her bra was already gone somewhere. I knew that she had worn one, but I never saw her take it off. I must have been distracted by the soft feminine lips pressed against mine and the smooth body running underneath my fingers.

That was a great moment. I think that was the first time I ever truly looked at another girl's breasts in a sexual way, thinking how attractive they were and how much I wanted to feel them. It was strange, having that desire, when I had just felt them moments ago and found the activity to not be that fun. Still, the three of us on the bed like that, with our shirts off, and everybody thinking the same thing... that sort of group trust felt really intimate and intense.

Rebecca soon grabbed Jennifer and started kissing her. I guess Rebecca had decided it was her turn for some fun. I watched the two of them make out, amazed at how erotic and new a sight it was to me to watch two girls passionately make out. Jennifer was still very hesitant to participate, and, secretly, it started to annoy me. In retrospect, I think it was because she reminded me of myself during my first time - hesitant, fearful, and holding back. I took the opportunity to grab her hands and move them along Rebecca's lithe body, as had been done to me. I took great pleasure in pushing Jennifer to do things she was uncomfortable with, especially when I thought about how this might all be Rebecca's idea.

In a way, I felt very sadistic in pushing Jennifer like that, but it turned me on too much for me to stop, as long as she didn't protest too much. Eventually, I found myself pushing Jennifer's head gently down, making her kiss the top of Rebecca's breasts. I was truly surprised to look up and see Rebecca grinning at me like she knew exactly what I was doing and feeling, like her and I were controlling Jennifer together, pushing her into doing more when she might otherwise stop. That connection with Rebecca was pretty damn exciting, and prompted me to try to guide Jennifer's head down further.

I slowly got her to kiss one of Rebecca's nipples gently, and even got her to lick the underside of her breast. Unfortunately, when I tried guiding her down Rebecca's tummy, Jennifer came back up entirely and started kissing her on the lips again. I was really disappointed, but I definitely remember thinking how crazy these thoughts were for someone like me. Jennifer backed off even more when Rebecca took off her own pants, backing out entirely and leaving the gorgeous redhead to me.

Rebecca really took me by surprise. She was much more energetic, and kissing her that first time was the most amazing make out session I've ever had. She was soft, hard, and passionate all at once. We moved along pretty fast; I was kissing her breasts fairly quickly, and it was a very different experience from just feeling breasts with my hands. Hers were slightly smaller than Jennifer's, but they were still a good size, and surprisingly solid. It was actually really fun to kiss and lick them, and I even licked the underside in the same place that Jennifer had. The thought that I was licking breasts in the same spot that another girl had just licked was pretty mind-blowing. For her part, Rebecca spent a long, long time kissing and licking and playing with my breasts and tummy, really seeming to enjoy herself. I couldn't wrap my head around the fact that a gorgeous girl in just her panties was doing these things to me.

And then, all of a sudden, she was at my pants. That was a pretty intense moment, when she pulled them off of me. Wearing nothing but my panties made me feel very exposed. I remember looking over at Jennifer, who was sitting on the far end of the bed, watching us. I never did make eye contact with her, because she was always looking at Rebecca. Then, I laid back against the pillows with my eyes closed and felt soft thumbs hook around the edges of my panties and slide them off. I remember thinking, 'Crap, this is really sex now,' and how I would have to orgasm and everything... from a girl... with a girl watching... and something made me sit up and stop her because I wasn't ready yet. It was weird because all I had to do was sit back and enjoy it, but, somehow, that was scarier than what I wanted to do instead.

One of the few sensations I remembered from my first experience with my former best friend was a particular taste, because the taste and smell were all over me the morning after that. I still don't know if the taste was of my best friend or the random girl from the bar, or both, but the taste was definitely the strongest sense memory, and had been coming back to me every so often and making me ridiculously horny. That taste was one of the main reasons I had sought this second experience at all...

So I switched places with Rebecca, kissed up her legs a little bit, and took off her panties. Wow, that moment would stay with me forever. I remember thinking her sex was insanely attractive, and there was that enticing smell, and everything felt so intimate and trusting and Jennifer even came over and rested her hand on my back while I laid there naked and stared between Rebecca's legs... and, well, I got my second taste of a girl. It was very, very intense. I remember being overwhelmed with beauty everywhere, and her taste, and the feel of it all, and the sensations on my mouth and tongue... and it was wet, really wet. I didn't like or dislike that. It was just... different. It was definitely way more fun than giving head to a guy.

It was really fun to do, because there was so much to feel and taste and smell, and her body was so responsive. It did tire my tongue out, though, and I eventually had to stop with 'the fun' and start doing a rhythm over and over until she came. It was incredibly intimate and sexual and attractive, having her orgasm against my mouth, and I even felt her walls contracting around my tongue. That was pretty intense.

Things became sort of a blur after that, because a major barrier had been broken for me. Rebecca switched with me and went down on me, and I just let myself enjoy it. I drank in how she looked doing it and how it felt, and it was really, really great. Her mouth was soft, and she knew what she was doing, and there was no facial hair to hurt me. I managed a strong pleasurable feeling for quite awhile... but I couldn't orgasm.

I wasn't sure why, but it just wouldn't happen. Eventually, I was too sensitive for her to keep going, and I had to ask her to stop. Amazingly, she totally understood. I was afraid that she would be all hurt like a guy might have been, but she was fine with it. I feel like I could have had an orgasm if I had been more open about what I liked or wanted, but it was only my second time with a girl, so I wasn't quite there yet.

But something did turn me on incredibly after that, enough for a very strong orgasm. Jennifer had taken off her pants while watching us, probably so that she didn't feel left out. She was sitting rather far away, too, on the far edge of the bed. She looked very nervous when she realized that 'her turn' was coming up. I wondered how we would handle this, but Rebecca took the initiative, something she would do many times after this. She leaned back against the pillows, spread her legs open a bit, and patted the sheet in front of her, beckoning Jennifer over.

It took us quite awhile to get her over to Rebecca, and, even then, Jennifer spent forever just kissing her breasts and tummy. She was so hesitant that my annoyance started to return. I would be embarrassed when I thought about it the next day, but I grew a little impatient. I kept taking Jennifer's hand and guiding it downwards, holding it against Rebecca's glistening sex a little too forcefully. Rebecca and I kept telling Jennifer reassuring things like 'it's okay' and 'we did it too' and 'it's no big deal.' 

I definitely felt a little sadistic, but, somehow, that predatory feeling is what turned me on so much. We eventually got Jennifer to cup the outside of Rebecca's sex and rub her gently to an orgasm. Throughout most of the experience, Jennifer's eyes were a little glazed over, and her gaze stayed locked on her hand moving back and forth, as if she was really, really into it and trying to get every sensation she could out of it. Rebecca and I traded interested looks when we both noticed how she was enjoying it so much.

Little did I know, that interest in Jennifer's hidden lust would shape quite a few of the following months. The other thing that would shape the following months was just how much coercing her like that turned me on. I'm not sure where it came from - maybe some internal desire to get back at myself for how fearful and hesitant I was in my first encounter with my best friend and that random girl - but it was intense. I was turned on enough seeing Jennifer get into what she was doing, that Rebecca looked down and noticed.

I was on my knees on the bed next to them, in a perfect position for Rebecca's wandering hand to find my pussy and start fingering me gently while Jennifer rubbed her. Rebecca grinned at me, and motioned toward her blonde friend with her head. Curious to see Jennifer's reaction in her slightly dazed, focused state, I slowly slid my hand toward her crotch, able to reach it because she was on her knees next to me, between Rebecca's spread legs.
