 Chapter Ten: The Professional Photographer

Part One: Another visit to The Club

A little over 2 weeks later, Casandra Hall was sitting at her desk thinking. She glanced at Lara, who was at her desk and smiled and thought to herself, "Life is good. I consider myself married to my Two Loves and we have six devoted Slaves. Life is good." Then she said, "Lara, I was thinking. We need to take Sarah and Joyce clothes shopping, they're still borrowing clothes." 

Lara, "Yes we should." 

"Well, let's do like we did for Meagan's sixteenth birthday. We'll drive up early, stay the night at the Ritz, and go to our favorite dress shop, then go to the mall, have a good dinner and then visit The Club again. Sound good." 

Lara step out of her chair, walked over to Casandra and replied, "Yes, that sounds wonderful. Do you trust The Club?" 

"I told you. There is a new manager now named Carol. I make the arrangements." 

Lara, "Shall I tell the Slaves?" 

"Not yet. We'll surprise them. But tell Tara."

Casandra booked a suite at the Ritz, made a reservation at the same restaurant as the Meagan's birthday, lined up a limo, called the dress store, and called Carol at The Club. 

Casandra, "May I speak to Carol please. This is Miss Hall." 

Operator, "Just one moment." 

Carol, "This is Carol speaking. Is this really Miss Hall.?" 

"Yes." 

"What can I do for you Miss Hall, it's been awhile." 

"I would like to bring my Slaves for a session at your club. If you can satisfy my concerns about safety."

"As I told you, I guaranty it. If there are any problems, you can do to me what you did to Victoria." 

"I hope that wouldn't be necessary." 

"Actually, I doubt there will be any problems. You and your slaves made quite an impression. They still talk about." 

Casandra laughed and said, "I'll bet. Ok. I want nine bondage outfits, a changing room and an hour and a half on stage." 

"You got it Miss Hall, just let me know the date and the time." 

"Thank you Carol. We'll speak again soon." Casandra hung up and looked up at Lara, who was listening, and said, "We're all set."

As before, they were booked at the Ritz Carlton hotel. Although check-in is at 4pm, Casandra was able to pre-check in. The Limo was waiting for them. They left their bags at the Front Desk and then went shopping at the mall and bought some Slave Clothes for Sarah and Joyce. And then it was off to the dress shop, which as part of the arrangements, had already set out a huge selection of dresses ready for Sarah and Joyce to try on. After an hour, they had all made their selections. Mistress bought three dresses for each, including matching jewelry and matching shoes.

Next, the group went to a Hair Salon and each got their hair done. The hair styling took an hour and then the limo took them back to the Ritz by 5pm. Each of the girls got ready to go out on the town. They were all ready by 6pm and they were in the limo and on their way to the restaurant, the same fancy restaurant they went to for Meagan's birthday. And as before, they all stood in front of a full length mirror and looked at their reflection. 

Casandra again said, "Damn, we are spectacular. I would put us against any other nine women in the world, both in looks and intelligence." 

To which little Lizzy said, "You're damn right!" and they all laughed. The restaurant once again met all their expectations. The meal was great, as was the service. 

By 9pm, they were on their way to The Club. When their limo arrived at the club, the Manager of The Club, Carol, walked out to them and led them to the door and then guided them to the changing room where the nine bondage outfits were waiting. During the next few minutes, each changed into one of the outfits. When they all were ready, they looked at each other and laughed. 

Casandra said, "Everyone ready?" 

And they all nodded and walked onto the stage. What did the audience think about the nine women that were on stage? They were stunned by the beauty and the raw sex appeal they showed. And each had heard the story of their last visit to The Club, or had witnessed it. Over the next hour and a half, Meagan, Lizzy, Debbie, Ann, Sarah and Joyce were chained, put in different positions, made to service the others and lightly whipped. 

Of course, no "real pain" was inflicted on the Slaves, but their tits were played with and fondled, their pussies were fingered and were fucked with dildos, they were made to eat pussy and they were whipped. It was a great show and the Slaves were ecstatic and they were all having great time performing in front of a live audience. And this time, no one interfered with the show. When they were done and the Slaves were released, all stood tall and proud. They looked like Queens and Princes, and the crown cheered and clapped. 

When the audience had quieted down, Casandra spoke, "Thank you, thank you. We, My fellow Mistress's and I and our Slaves have enjoyed entertaining you this evening. Stay tuned, we may come again." 

And the crowd exploded. They were a hit.

The group went back to the fitting room and changed back to their clothes. 

As they were doing so, Carol came to the door, knocked and said, "May I come in?" 

Casandra answered, "Yes Carol." 

Once in the room, with her eyes sparkling, she said, "Wow, I mean, wow. You all sure put on a show. And you all are so...are so ...perfect. Please, come again." 

They were all ready to go, Casandra hugged Carol and said, "We plan to. I'll call you." 

Carol then led them to their limo and soon they were back at the Ritz. Everyone was still so excited, no one could sleep. Finally, around 3am, they had drifted off. The next morning, they drove home. 

Each thinking, "What a night."

Part Two: Photo Shoot

It had been six months since the visit to The Club. The Estate was operating like clockwork and all were in excellent health. Later that morning, Casandra floated an idea to Lara and Tara. 

Casandra said, "What do you think of bringing a Professional Photographer to the Estate. They could do a complete photo spread on all of us. Then we could have a book made on each one of us. And maybe have a web site, all our own. What do you think?" 

Lara, "I love it. Sounds like a lot of fun." 

Tara, "I agree. That'd be a blast."

Casandra said, "Ok, let's find some good choices." 

As they each searched the web for Professional Photographers, Casandra asked Tara, "How are the Slaves all doing, still working well together?" 

"Yes, very well. All is good with them." 

"Have any showed leadership qualities?" 

"Yes, Ann shows the most. She has become a leader of the Slaves. Joyce also is showing good skills. Meagan, Debbie and Sarah do also, but I would go with Ann and Joyce." 

"Not Lizzy?" she said smiling. 

Tara giggled, "Sweet little Lizzy. I don't think she ever grow up." 

Tara continued, "I have the Slaves working in two groups of three. Ann leads one and Joyce leads the other. I mix up who they work with." 

"The other Slaves don't mind?" 

"No, no problems so far." 

"Good."

On the third morning, Casandra said, "I think I have found a good candidate! Check out her web page." 

Lara and Tara joined Casandra at her computer. Tara said, "Oh, she very pretty." 

Lara responded, "We're looking for a Professional Photographer not a date for you Tara." 

And they all laughed. 

Casandra said, "Ok, her name is Dahlia Murray, she is 28. And seems to have a thriving business. Let's look at some examples of her work." 

There were many photos on the web site and the Trio was impressed. 

Lara, "She very good." 

Tara, "Yes she is." 

Casandra, "Ok, I'll contact her."

Casandra called her, "Hello, may I speak to Miss Dahlia Murray please. Miss Casandra Hall calling." 

"Speaking, what can I do for you Miss Hall?" 

"I was looking at your web site and I must say, I am impressed." 

"Thank you." 

"I would like to hire your services. I live on an Estate with eight other woman. I would like a complete photo compilation of all of us. Head shots, body shots, action photos, etc. using different locations both in the house and outside. For each of us, I want photos with difference clothing, different stages of undress and completely nude. Also, photos with multiple girls and photos of love making. And put them in sort of a book for each one of us and, perhaps, create a web site. It will be a big job and will take quite a while to complete. You would stay here at the Estate until completion. And I will pay you very well. Are you interested?" 

"Eight women, wow, all in one house. Bet that is fun." 

"Oh yes." 

"Yes, I am interested. Tell me more." 

"Let go to Skype."

Soon they were on Skype and could look at each other. 

Casandra, with Lara and Tara behind her also in the shot, then said, "We are all young and very good looking. As you can tell from us three." 

"Yes, you are. Very beautiful." 

"As you are Miss Murray." 

Casandra went on, "I should tell you a little about our lives here. The three of us here; Lara, Tara and myself, are the Mistress's of the Estate. And we have six Slaves that live with us, each as beautiful as we are. Is that a concern for you?" 

"Slaves as in Sex Slaves?" 

"They are so much more. We are a family. We three consider ourselves to be Married and our Slaves are our children." 

"I am very curious to see this life." 

Lara said, "The Estate is our Paradise. It is our Garden of Eden. We all, Mistress's and Slaves alike, love it here and none would leave it." 

"Ok, anything else?" 

"I would retain all rights to any and all photos or any other products produced. I will pay your expenses and, you will have the time of your life. How long do you think this project will take?" 

"Probably a couple of months at least, if you want a thorough job." 

"That's what I want. Your best work ever. But just for us. How soon could you start?" 

"It will take be a couple of weeks to finish up around here. Will that work." 

"Yes Dahlia that will be fine. Let me know and I will arrange your flight. Also, do not tell anyone where you are going or what you are doing. You will not be allow any connection with the outside world, none. We talk again."

After handing up, Casandra turned to her Wives and said, "Well, it is all set. I can't wait." 

Casandra, Lara and Tara talked to Dahlia every morning, on Skype. The four got to know each other and were becoming friends. 

After one call, Lara said, "She's lonely. That's sad." 

Tara, "Yes, I get that from her too." 

And Casandra said, "You're both right. She is a lonely lady. While she is coming here for a big job, let's take real good care of her." Then she added, "And I don't mean with sex either." And they all laughed.

It took Dahlia longer to wind things up then she thought it would but she was ready to come out. They all agreed on a travel schedule and Casandra booked the in-coming flight but left the out-going flight open. Dahlia would be arriving early, 7am, in three days. 

Casandra said, "We'll tell the Slaves after lunch what's about to happen." 

When lunch was completed and all Kitchen chores done, Casandra said, "We have news." 

All the Slaves looked at their Mistress, who continued, "In three days, a Professional Photographer named Dahlia is coming here. She is going to photograph us all." 

The Slaves sat there and then all started to talk. 

Tara said, "Quite." 

Casandra went on, "She will photograph each of us separately, in different locations within the Estate, in different clothing, in different stages of undress and in the nude. In addition, she will take some photos of us together in both clothed and nude, and while we are making love."

Casandra, "When all the photos have been taken, I would then like to make a book for each one of us. Also, I think a web site would be nice. Dahlia will help out with these projects. She will be here for a month or two. I want to all to treat her very well and with respect. I know you will but it is important." 

Ann said, "Of Course we will Mistress Casandra. We can all see how important this is to you." 

Debbie, "It'll be fun." 

Lara, "And a lot of work. Modeling is hard work." 

Tara, "The Schedule will be followed. If Dahlia needs one of you Slaves, they will be excused." 

Lara, "So, let's all work extra hard to have the entire Estate looking the best it has ever looked." 

All the Slaves cheered and clapped.

While the Schedule was kept up, for the three days, the excitement level within the House was through the roof. Everyone was excited, especially the Three Mistress's. Finally, the day of arrival was here. The Household got up early and they were at the airport one hour early. Dahlia plane was on time and soon, they saw here walking to them. Casandra, Lara and Tara ran to her and each gave her a big hug. 

Casandra said, "Welcome Dahlia. Welcome." 

She then introduced the Slaves. "This is Meagan, this is Lizzy, this is Debbie, this is Ann, this is Sarah and this is Joyce." 

Dahlia said, "Hello, Casandra has told me so much about you all." 

And Ann said, "We call her Mistress Casandra and we are her Slaves." And she said it with much Pride.

Dahlia, "Yes, I know. I know we just met but tell me something. Are you really happy to be Slaves?"

Ann answered before anyone, "Yes we are. Our Mistress's treat us with Love and Kindness. We are Family." 

And all the Slaves nodded with agreement. 

Lizzy took Dahlia by the hand and said, "You'll see. It is a magical place. I just know that you'll grow to love it too." And she hugged Dahlia.

Tara had the Slaves handle Dahlia's bags and they walked to the van. On the drive home, they stopped for some breakfast. All you way to the Estate, they talked about the Project. Everyone was very excited. 

When the van pulled up to the large House, Dahlia said, "This is a wonderful place. Wow." 

They all got out of the van and grabbed Dahlia's bags. As everyone waited for Tara to park the van, Dahlia just gazed around the Estate. Soon, Tara returned and they all walked into the House. Once in, Tara told the Slaves to take Dahlia's bags to her room, Tara's former Bedroom, and then return.

Soon, all had gathered and they gave Dahlia a tour of the House and the surrounding area. 

Afterwards, they were sitting by the Pool and Dahlia said, "You're right about this place. It is so peaceful and beautiful here." 

Casandra, "Yes it is. We love it here." 

They stayed and talked about the project for several hours. Soon, they went inside and had an early dinner. After dinner, they went for a walk in the woods. They took Dahlia to the Lake and along other trails. And again, Dahlia was impressed. 

She kept repeating, "Beautiful, just beautiful." 

When they all returned to the House, they sat in the Living Room for a bit. 

At one point, Dahlia asked, "The Bondage Room, do you use that?" 

Casandra answered, "Oh yes. The Slaves are allowed to have a bondage session every Saturday. They pair off. And one dominates the other for an hour and a half; then they switch. They love it." 

"I see, and you want some of that captured?" 

"Yes." 

At 10pm, Casandra said, "Time for bed." 

And Tara said, "Remember, we will stick to the schedule as much as possible." 

They all walked upstairs and went to bed.

The next morning, Dahlia observed the Slaves waiting for inspection and then all in the Fitness Room, where she said, "I see you want to stay in shape." 

Lara said, "Oh yes. We do this 5 days a week, plus Mistress Casandra trains all of us in the Martial Arts." 

And again, Dahlia was impressed. 

After breakfast, before the Slaves left to do their Slave Duties, Dahlia said, "Casandra. May I ask for something?" 

"Anything Dahlia, we want you to be comfortable. What is it you want?" 

Dahlia said, "I've been thinking. It would help me to fulfill my part in the project if I was one of your Slaves. Let me experience slavery. Treat me as your Slave while I am here." 

Casandra, "Are you sure Dahlia. That is not necessary." 

"Please, let me try slavery." 

"The Project will take much longer, if you are one of Our Slaves. You will have to do some of the Slave Duties. Is that ok?" 

"Yes, I want to be your Slave." 

"Ok, come to me, kneel before me and then beg to be Our Slave." 

Dahlia walked up to Casandra, kneels down and said, "Please Mistress Casandra, Mistress Lara and Mistress Tara, let me serve you during the Project, as your Slave." 

Casandra replied, "How did that feel Dahlia?" 

"It felt wonderful Mistress." 

"Very well. You are now Our Slave." 

She ordered the other Slaves to take Dahlia upstairs, shave her pussy and dress her in Slave Cloths."

Casandra looked down at Dahlia and said, "While working on the Project, you can be clothed. When you're not working on the Project, you will be nude. Understand Slave Dahlia." 

"Yes Mistress." 

"Slaves take her upstairs and make her ready to serve. Then return here." 

While the Slaves were gone, Lara said, "Wow, that's was unexpected." 

Tara, "Yes it was, I never thought she would do that." 

Casandra, "We know she is a very lonely woman. I think she has observed us all together and is awe at the way we live and love each other. She is searching for something, I believe she thinks she's found it. We shall see."

When the Slaves had all returned, Casandra said to Dahlia, "Slave. Are you clean shaven?" 

"Yes Mistress Casandra?" 

"How did it feel to have it done?" 

"It felt great Mistress." 

"Today, Dahlia will work alongside the other Slaves, and wear the Slave Outfits, she may take a pic or two. Carry on." 

It was Friday, so all the Slaves got into their Sexy Maid Outfits. And later, for School, each wore a Sexy Schoolgirl Outfit. While they were cleaning, the other Slaves kept at Dahlia, touching her and feeling her up, kissing her. While School was in session, Dahlia sat by Mistress Casandra, who kept rubbing and fingering Dahlia pussy. Once an hour, Mistress ordered Slave Dahlia to eat her pussy. And Dahlia loved it.

After Dinner, and Dahlia had cleaned all the dishes. 

Mistress Casandra said, "Slaves, you may pair up for the night, or if you want, stay together till morning." Then she said, "Dahlia, come with us." 

And the Three Mistress's led Slave Dahlia up to their Bedroom. Once there, they all got into the spa. And then all got in the bed. Slave Dahlia was made to service all of her Mistress's. One after the other and once they had all come three times, they attacked her. The Three Mistress's pawed at their Slave, caressed her, sucked on her nipples, fingered her and had her climax over and over. Finally, after hours of love making, the four fell asleep. 

The next morning, Casandra asked Dahlia "if she still wanted to be a Slave while she worked on the Project." 

"Yes Mistress Casandra."

After breakfast, Mistress Casandra said, "The Schedule will be followed as close as possible. Slave Dahlia will work alongside the other Slaves. However, she will take one hour in the morning and one in the afternoon, and work on the Project. Most of the work on the Project will done on the Weekends. Only Project work will be done on the Weekends." 

Meagan, "What, no bondage sessions?" 

"Of course not little one. I would not think of stopping your fun. You will have your bondage sessions every Saturday like normal, only Dahlia will participate as well. Pair off for an hour, while Dahlia takes pictures. Then change roles for an hour and for the third hour, you four can Control Dahlia." 

Lizzy, "Oh goody." 

And everyone laughed. 

Mistress went on, "Also, during the week, Slave Dahlia will remain nude at all times. And she is required to service two women, Mistress or Slave, every hour of the day and bring them to orgasm. And you all are required to keep her very aroused. On the weekend, we well work all together on the Project."
