 Stepmom sent back to School

Chapter One: "Stepmom sent back to school"

Nineteen year old Jessie was lying in bed thinking. "Should she or shouldn't she." Jessie had a plan, a plan to take over the household. But should she do it? Jessie thought to herself, "All right, let's review. Dad died 8 months ago and we are struggling. Jenny cannot find a good job, not that she hasn't tried. In some ways it is Dad's fault. He did not let her work during the marriage. He "took care" of her. And she let him."

"We moved to this city a few days ago, we don't know anyone yet. I'm supposed to go the All Girl High School for my senior year. And Jenny is supposed to get a job. But she hasn't been able to yet. Why think that will change now. On paper mom does have a good resume but she just doesn't want to work and the interviewers can tell. So they pass her up."

Jessie continued to think, "Mom doesn't know that she has a job interview set up for today. I did not tell her about the call. Why not? Because she will fail, she will blow the opportunity. So, I took the call and arranged for the interview. My plan is to pretend to be Jenny. I will take her place. I will take her Driver's License. We look enough alike that it should work. I know I can get hired. I just know it."

"The problem is school. I have missed the first two days. They will be after me soon. So, how can I work and go to school? The solution is for mom to pretend to be me. She can take my place at school. Can she do it? Will she do it? That is the question. So, I have to take over. I, Jessie, have to take over my stepmom Jenny. It means a step by step shift in power from my stepmom to me."

"But is it right? I don't know. I think it will work. I started the plan last night. I told Mom that I had an interview for an internship tomorrow. She brought up the fact that I have not started school yet, having missing the first two days. I suggested that she go in my stead, half joking. After some back and forth, she agreed to go today. So, if I can get her to go today, perhaps she will agree to stay in the role."

Finally Jessie thought, "Now to keep the plan going."

Jessie got up, showered and got dressed for the interview. As she waited for Jenny, her stepmom, to get up, Jessie went over the plan and its possible problems. Jessie laid out her school uniform for Jenny to wear. Soon, Jenny got up and showered. When Jenny came back to her bedroom, Jessie was there.

Jessie said, "Good morning Mom. Here is your uniform."

Jenny replied, "On my, you were serious? You really want me to go in your place today?

"Yes I do. And you will."

A little information about Jenny and Jessie. The Miller's were related by marriage. Jenny had been married to Jessie's father, Rodger, for five years. He unfortunately, died a few months back. Jenny is 25 and Jessie is 19. Jessie has always been more like a sister than a daughter to Jenny.

In fact, they looked like sisters. Even though they're not related, their bodies are practically the same size and build, Jessie being slightly taller, and they had similar hair and they're faces were very close. They even have the same size feet. If someone just met them, they would think they were sisters.

Where they were different, was in their personalities. While Jenny was meek and submissive; Jessie, like her father, was strong and dominate. While Jenny and Jessie got along very well, Jessie tended to treat Jenny as the little sister. It became a joke between them, and it happened more often since Roger had died.

Occasionally Jessie would playfully slap Jenny on her rear end or hold her down and tickle her. Jessie, like her father, was the more dominant one and Jenny the more submissive one. Something Jessie learned from her father was that Jenny could be cajoled into doing what was required. All it took was a shove, and a forceful manner, for Jenny to do as she was told. And Jessie was prepared to "shove" and she could have a "forceful manner."

Jessie put Jenny's hair in pig tails and Jenny dressed in Jessie's uniform which consisted of a white blouse, a tie, black skirt and white socks. Jenny giggled went she looked in the floor mirror. She thought, "I could pass for a student." Jessie came up behind Jenny, and said, "You look great Mom."

Jessie asked, "How do I look?"

Jenny looked at her and said, "You look older in that suit. Really great."

The two went to the kitchen and had breakfast. And soon they drove to school. Jessie was going to just drop Jenny off but then made a quick decision. She said to Jenny, "I will go in with you; you better act like my daughter and do what I tell you. Ok?"

"Ok Jessie."

Jessie parked the car and walked Jenny to the school office. Jessie said, "Wait here for a minute while I talk to the staff."

Jenny sat down in a chair while Jessie walked into the office. Jessie walked in and said, "Hello, my name is Jenny Miller. I brought my step-daughter Jessie. I'm sorry but she was not feeling well. But she is here now."

The women came to the counter with a form for "Jenny" to fill out about "Jessie." Then Jenny was brought Jenny into the office and her fingerprints were taken. The woman said to Jenny, "Now Jessie, your fingerprints will be on file with us and we will send your fingerprints to the police for their files. If you are arrested, they will know who you are. So behave young lady."

Jenny looked at Jessie with a worried look but still kept silence. She was then led to a camera. The woman said, "Here, Jessie. Face the camera."

After a few minutes the woman brought a student Id and she hung the Id around Jenny's neck, saying, "Here's your Id. Keep it around your neck girl, and keep it there at all times. This girl will escort you to your class. Behave yourself."

Jenny looked at the new Id and thought, "I look like a schoolgirl."

Jessie pulled Jenny to her, hugged her and said quietly, "Ok Mom, you can do this. Thank you."

Then Jessie said in a normal voice, "Ok Jessie, enjoy your day. And behave."

And Jessie turned and left the office leaving Jenny to stay in school.

Jenny was escorted to her classroom. When she got to the classroom, and showed her Id, she sat down. Jenny now made a decision to make it through the day. To make the best of it. The teacher, a Miss Price, was speaking. In some ways, Jenny enjoyed the class.

She answered questions and she thought, "I think Miss Price is impressed with me."

The girl at the next desk looked at Jenny's Id and said, "Hi Jessie, I'm Sarah."

"Hi"

"You tied to skip. Not a good idea. They're strict here."

The lunch bell rang and Sarah took Jenny by the arm and led her to the lunch room. Jenny found herself at a table of high school girls, sitting next to Sarah and another girl. Then, a difference girl forced one of the girls to move and sat down.

Rita said, "Hi sweet thing."

Every so often, either Rita or Sarah or both, would rub Jenny's thigh. It made Jenny uncomfortable but did not want to cause a scene. As the students were leaving the lunch room, Rita and Sarah each grabbed her by the arm and steered her to a restroom.

Once there, Rita and Sarah were all over Jenny. They kissed her, fondled her tits, slapped her ass, rubbed her mound and soon they were fingering her. She soon came and she collapsed to the ground. They pulled her to her feet, dragged her to the chairs and ordered her to eat their pussies while they fondled each other. Jenny was stunned at what was happening.

Rita said, "I told you she would be a good pussy eater."

Sarah agreed, "Yes she is."

And soon, they both came. Rita took Jenny by the face and said, "You my dear are now mine. Remember. I don't want to hurt you but I will."

Jenny was afraid to move.

Rita then said, "Are you going to behave sweet thing? Well, answer me."

"Yes I will behave."

The afternoon classes when well and Jenny almost forgot what had been done to her. When the last bell rang, and she was walking out, she thought, "I guess I'll walk home. Except for Rita and Sarah, it wasn't that bad."

Just then Rita and Sarah grabbed her and dragged her into a restroom. Jenny tried to fight back but the two easily controlled her.

Once in the restroom, Rita said, "Strip sweet thing."

Jenny was getting mad and said, "Fuck you."

And tried to walk out. But Rita and Sarah pulled her to the chairs, Rita sat down, pulled Jenny across her knees and spanked her hard. After 10 swats, Jenny was crying and begging Rita to stop.

Rita said, "I told you what would happen if you disobey me. Now, are you going to be a good girl?"

"Yes."

Rita pushed her off and Jenny fell to the floor.

Rita said, "Now sweet thing. Eat our pussies."

And Jenny did and brought them both to orgasm.

When the Rita and Sarah were satisfied, Sarah said, "See you tomorrow sweet thing."

And Rita said, "Goodbye sweet thing."

Jenny laid there for several minutes and then gathered herself up, cleaned her face and left the school. Jenny walked home.

Jessie was there waiting and looked like she was worried. Jenny walked up to the house, past Jessie and entered.

Jenny walked in, Jessie said, "How did it go? I've been so worried."

Jenny didn't answer; she walked to the dining table and sat down. She didn't say anything for about 10 minutes. When she did, she said, "What a day I had. It worked, no one questioned me."

Jenny went on, "So I have been registered as "Jessie," my picture was taken and is on file, my fingerprints were taken and are now on file at the school and with the police. Everyone thinks I am you."

Jessie asked, "How was school?"

Jenny, "I actually kind of enjoyed the classes."

Then she frowned.

Jessie saw her frown and asked, "What else happened?"

And Jenny answered, "Well, two girls assaulted me. Twice."

"What? Are you all right?"

"Yes, I'm fine."

"What did they do?"

Jenny, "They felt me up all over, my tits, my ass and my pussy till I came. Then they made me eat them to orgasm."

Jenny and Jessie sat silence for several minutes.

Then Jenny asked, "How did your interview go?"

Jessie answered, "Really well. I think they're going to offer me a full time salaried position with full benefits. I have another interview tomorrow. I'm sure I'll get a job. Think about it. No more money worries."

They sat silent for a few minutes, than Jessie said, "What happens now? Are you going back?"

"Back? I'm not Jessie. I'm not going back."

"I understand but listen. You must go back. If I am offered this job, we're set. We need the money and you're not working. All you have been able to get are part time jobs and you don't last at them."

"I know, but we'll get by. And, you should finish school."

Jessie said, "You will for me." She went on, "I can't go to school tomorrow. I told you, I have another interview."

"I don't know."

"You said you enjoyed the classes. Try to stay away from those girls."

"But, Jessie....."

"Look at your Id. If they come back, they will take you back anyways. And next time, they'll probably send the police."

"I guess so."

"Just try Jenny. Do your best and enjoy it."

Jenny noticed that Jessie called her by her name not Mom.

"And try to stay out of trouble." And then asked to change the subject, "Tell the truth, did you enjoy servicing those girls?"

Jenny laughed and said, "Yes, it was very sexy. They were so forceful."

"Better do your homework then young lady."

Jenny looked at Jessie and said, "I'm the Mom."

Jessie laughs and says, "Not on school nights."

"Ok" and then with sarcasm she added, "Mom."

Jenny slapped Jenny on her ass and said, "That's enough Jenny. Do your homework. I'll check it for you."

Jenny thought, "Again, she called me Jenny. Well, it is my name after all."

Jenny did her homework and Jessie check it.

Jenny had them go to bed early. She said, "You need your sleep for school and I want to be refreshed for the next interview."

The next morning, it was Wednesday, Jessie drove Jenny to school. They both got out of the car, and kissed each other on the cheek.

Jessie said in case anyone overheard them, "Have a good day Jessie. Love you."

As she drove away, Jessie thought to herself, "I did it! I got my stepmom to go to school for me. This is the second day. And she will keep going all year. My plan is working."

Jenny watched her drive away and then walked into the school. The day was going well; everyone still thought she was a student. And so far Rita and Sarah had left her alone. In the 3rd period, Miss Barnes's History class, a girl handed Jenny a note to pass along.

Before she could, Miss Barnes, saw her and said, "Stop right there young lady."

Jenny froze and watched as Miss Barnes walked up to her.

She said, "Hand it over. Who gave it to you?"

Jenny did not answer.

"Answer me."

Jenny shook her head; she didn't want to be a fink. Miss Barnes then pulled her out of her seat and to the front. She said, "Class, Jessie is being a bad girl. What happens to bad girls?"

No one answered. Miss Barnes answered her own question, "She gets a spanking."

And she sat down and pulled Jenny over her knees. Miss Barnes thought for a moment and then pulled Jenny's skirt up and pulled her panties down. Jenny tried to struggle but Miss Barnes held her easily.

She said, "Remember this the next time you want to misbehave."

And she spanked Jenny, hitting her with 20 swats, leaving Jenny crying and sore.

When done, Miss Barnes said, "Now, go back to your seat Jessie. And be good."

Jenny returned to her seat and the class resumed.

After the class ended, the girl who had passed to note, Carrie, said, "I'm sorry about that. But thanks for not being a fink."

All the other students in the class were impressed by Jenny or "Jessie" as they knew her. The rest of the day went well, until School was dismissed. As Jenny was heading to the door, Rita blocked her way and said, "Hi sweet thing, want to eat my pussy now?"

Jenny looked at Rita and thought, "She asked me. She's trying to be nice. Maybe if I am nice, she'll treat me better."

So, Jenny said, "Yes Rita, I would."

And Rita led her into the restroom and Jenny ate Rita's pussy and brought her to two orgasms.

Rita said, "Goodbye Jenny and thank you."

Jenny then walked home.

Jessie was waiting for her as she walked inside and they kissed each other on the cheek.

Jessie asked, "How was your day Jenny?"

And Jenny responded, "There you go again calling me Jenny. I'm still your Mom you know."

They walked over to the dining table and sat down. Jessie said, "I know but you should keep in character, don't you think?"

"So, you want to be the Mom now?"

"It's how the school sees us. If we want this to keep working, we had better to it right. You better just call me Mom from now on, so you don't mess up."

Jenny thought about it and said, "Ok Mom."

It was another shift in power from Jenny to Jessie. And Jessie was starting to enjoy it.

Jessie said, "So, Jenny how was your day?"

"It was good."

"Did those girls bother you today?"

"Not till School was over. Rita stopped me and asked if I wanted to eat her pussy?"

Jessie almost choked, "She what?"

"She asked me to eat her pussy. She was nice to me, so I did."

"You did? Why?"

"I figure if I'm nice to her, see won't be mean to me."

"So you like to serve women? What about men?"

Jenny laughed, "I guess I am getting a taste for pussy but yes, I still want men."

Jessie thought, "Interesting. I'll have to think about this."

Then Jenny said, "Oh, and I got spanked by Miss Barnes."

"You got spanked! For what?"

"For passing a note through, I got caught. She made an example of me. She pulled my skirt up and my panties down."

"She spanked you bare bottom?"

"Yes."

"Let me see your ass."

"No Jessie."

Jesse said, "That's Mom. Now show me your ass."

Jenny stood up, turned away and Jessie pulled up her skirt and pulled her panties down. Jessie rubbed her cute little ass and said, "Poor baby. Guess that will teach you to misbehave in class. Remember, you are supposed to be me. If it happens again, I'll spank you too."

"You wouldn't!"

"Yes I will. Now do your homework."

Jessie thought as she watched Jenny do her homework, "Another shift in power. She let me see and rub her ass. And I just threaten to spank her. Yes, another shift. My plan, my plan."

During dinner, Jessie said, "You haven't asked yet so I'll just tell you. I was offered a full time salaried position with full benefits. I start tomorrow!"

"Really, they hired a 19 year old just like that?"

"Well, not exactly. Look at my work Id."

Jenny looked at it and saw the name, "Jenny Miller" and Jessie's picture.

Jenny said, "This is great. I'm going back to High School and you're going to work full time. I'm pretending to be you and you're pretending to be me."

Jessie responded, "I know Jenny. But you haven't had any luck with your job search have you. I applied under your name and age."

Jenny looked defeated and said, "I'm happy for you, really I am."

Jessie took her Mom face in her hands and said, "I know. This is strange but see its working. Everything will be fine. I promise. Just do as you're told."

Thursday morning Jessie asked, "Jenny, will you be all right walking to school? I have to get going."

Jenny replied, "Yes Mom. I'll be fine."

Jessie went to Jenny, kissed her and said, "I love you Jenny. Have a good day."

"You to Jessie, mean Mom."

Jessie handed Jenny an envelope and said, "Give this to your History Teacher Miss Barnes."

"What is it?"

"Never mind. And don't open it. I'm calling her later."

Jenny said,"Ok Mom."

It had been only a few days and each was settling into her new role. Jessie was now the "Mom" and Jenny was now the "Daughter." Jenny got dressed and started the walk to school.

On the way, a car pulled up and stopped, Carrie was driving, "Hi Jessie, want a ride."

"Yes, thanks."

"Well, get in."

As they drove, they talked about this and that. After a few minutes, Carrie said, "I hear you like to eat pussy Jessie. Is that true?"

Jenny was startled by the question, "Does everyone know?"

"No, just a few of us. But, believe me. It's no big deal, everyone does it. We all love cock, but, we go to an all girl school. Got to get some loving where you can get it."

Then Carrie reached under Jenny's skirt and rubbed her mound.

Jenny knocked her hand away and said, "Hey, stop that."

Carrie, grabbed her arm and said, "Yea, Rita said you would fight at first but soon you become submissive. Don't do that again."

She then reached out and rubbed Jenny's mound again.

When they parked and started to walk in, Carrie stopped and asked, "Don't you have something to tell me."

At first Jenny was confused and thought, "What is she talking about?" Then she realized, "Oh, thank you for the ride Carrie."

"And?"

Jenny thought, "And what?" And again realized, "Thank you for rubbing my mound. It felt very nice."

"That's better."

As she walked with Jenny, she said, "You are going to be very popular you little submissive."

Jenny was so embarrassed.

The day started well, but in History class, Miss Barnes spanked her again. When she entered the class room, Jenny gave Miss Barnes the envelope and Miss Barnes placed it on her desk. Right then an argument started between two girls and Miss Barnes had to break it up before a fight started. When she returned to her desk, she had forgotten the envelope.

Jenny got in trouble when the girl behind her kicked her chair and Jenny turned and said, "Stop that."

And slapped her hand away.

Miss Barnes says it and said, "That's enough Jessie. Come up here."

Jenny slowly walked up to Miss Barnes who said, "You just have to be a "bad girl," don't you Jessie. Ok, lay across my knees."
