 Chapter Seven: More Good Times

Part One: Adventure at a Movie Theater

Next few weeks went by like normal at the Estate with the Slaves doing their Slave Duties well and Meagan was doing very well at School, as were Lara and Tara. Six weeks after Meagan's birthday, Mistress Casandra decided on a quick Adventure and, she ordered her Slaves to get dressed for an outing. They each were to wear a short skirt with thigh highs and a halter top. After she inspected her Slaves, they all got into the car and Casandra drove them to a movie theater. 

Since it is early afternoon on a Wednesday, Casandra figured that not too many people would be at the theater. When they got to the theater, they hung around the outside watching people as they entered. Casandra was looking for a type, an attractive young female who was alone. And a guy, not hard to find, any male will to; almost. She saw just what she was looking for walking up to the theater window. A young, very attractive young woman with a nice body who was alone. 

"She'll do." 

Casandra quickly bought four tickets and they walked into the theater. Casandra kept her eye on the young woman and gave Lara and Meagan their orders. 

She then noticed one of the theater workers, a young man at the concession stand and she smiled and thought, "He'll do for Tara." 

She then gave Tara her orders. Casandra walked into the movie room, sat down and waited.

Soon, the young woman walked in with Lara and Meagan right behind her. The three had only walked a few steps into the room when Lara and Meagan each grabbed an arm and steered her to a seat. The woman was startled but allowed herself to be led and they sat down with the young woman in the middle. Casandra watched as Lara and Meagan talked with the young woman and then, her two slaves stood up and kissed each other hard, right in front of the woman. 

She tried to get up but was held down by Lara and Meagan. When she started to speak, Lara kissed her and Meagan started to feel her up. The young woman struggled but when Lara started to rub her mound and then finger her and, Meagan continued to fondle her tits, she stayed silence and let the girls have their way with her. Lara and Meagan kept at the young woman and she soon came. Lara and Meagan did not stop the assault but kept it up and the woman had many more orgasms and they soon had the young woman exhausted. 

Then they spoke to her with Lara saying, "You were good for a woman in her twenty's, usually they don't want to play with us, but you were very good." 

And Meagan gave her a peck on her cheek and said, "You sure were. Maybe we'll do this again. We just love sluts." 

And they stood up and walked away. Mistress was very proud of her slaves.

Meanwhile, Tara was carrying out her orders. 

When her Mistress and fellow Slaves went into the movie room, Tara walked up to the concession stand and asked the young man, "What can I get with no money?" 

"No money? Nothing." 

"Oh come on. There must be something I could do? " 

"I'm sorry." 

Tara then motioned to the young man to come closer and said, "Listen stud, I will do anything." 

And she looked at the guy's female co-worker and said, "I'll even eat her pussy in front of you. Ok stud. And then you can fuck me. I'll be waiting in the restroom, bring her with you." 

And Tara walked away and she flipped her skirt so he could see her beautiful ass. 

Tara thought to herself, "Got you." 

Tara waited only a few minutes and then the young man, practically dragging his co-worker along, walked into the restroom. 

She said, "What's going on?" 

But Tara did not let her think and pulled her into her arms and kissed her hard. The woman at first resisted and then melted into Tara. Tara then started to have sex with her; she felt up her tits and played with them, rubbed her pussy and fingered her and then got on her knees and ate her out. The women forgot the guy was there and he watched his co-worker have an organism and then another one. The woman collapsed onto the floor. 

Tara then stood up and looked at the guy and she said to him, "I've changed my mind. I won't let you fuck me, do her instead. Gotta go, Bye." 

And she walked out of the restroom.

As Tara walked back to the concession stand, she saw her Mistress, Lara and Meagan walking towards her. They then walked out together. On the drive home, Tara told her story and then Lara and Meagan told Tara what they did. Mistress was proud of her Slaves, they didn't just follow orders but they could think on how to best follow the orders. 

Casandra thought to herself, "I am blessed with perfect Slaves." 

On the way home, they stopped for dinner. Afterwards, they finished the drive home. 

As they were walking in up the front steps, Mistress Casandra said to her Slaves, "I am very pleased and proud of each of you. Thank You." 

Each one of her Slaves savored the praise from their Mistress and said in return, "Thank you Mistress."

They went inside and Mistress Casandra ordered all up to her room. Once there, they all got on her king size bed and made love. Such wonderful and passionate love making. When all were spent, they fell asleep in each other's arms.

Part Two: Debbie and Ann; their 2nd visit

Miss Casandra Hall monitors all electronic communications in the Household. So, she knows what her Slaves are texting, emailing or any other social media platform they are using. Although they are only to use text or emails, Casandra would know if they disobey her by using another platform. 

With her permission, Lara has been texting Lizzy, the girl who pulled Lara into a closet after the Sex Education class at that high school. LIzzy had been lonely and confused, but with Lara's help, she was doing much better. She was 19 now and getting an A in every subject in school. She wants to see Lara again but so far Mistress has not allowed that yet. Lara thinks, and Mistress agrees, that she secretly wants to join our family. 

When Lara asked about it, Mistress just smiled and said, "Not yet. We'll see."

Meagan, with Mistress's permission, had been texting Debbie and Ann. It was five weeks after their Adventure at a Movie Theater that Debbie and Ann asked to come for another visit. Mistress Casandra told Meagan to text them that we would let them know about the arrangements. 

"Oh, thank you Mistress. I'll let them know," responded Meagan. 

Casandra knew about an abandoned old farm that was located about 30 miles from the small town and about 15 miles from the Estate. It is on an old country dirt road that no one goes down, even the County hardly maintains it. Debbie and Ann were given a date and directions to the old farm and were instructed to drive to the farm, park, cover their eyes with a scarf, get out of their car and wait. They were to arrive at 10am and not tell anyone where they were going or what they were doing.

That morning, Casandra and her Slaves arrived early at the abandoned old farm and parked the van behind the farm house. About 15 minutes later, the girls arrived in Debbie's car. Casandra saw the two girls follow the instructions to the letter. 

"Good" she thought. 

Then Casandra, Lara and Meagan walked up to them. 

"Hi girls." 

They jumped at the sound of her voice and then said, "Hi" 

"Hi what" 

They both replied, "Hi Mistress." 

Casandra then went over the car with an electronic detector to see if there were any tracking devices on it. It was clean. 

"Cannot be too careful" she thought to herself. 

Then she nodded to Lara and Meagan, having all ready given them orders to follow. Lara put cuffs on Debbie, with her arms behind her and Meagan did the same to Ann. Then they put hoods over their heads. Casandra then waved her arm and Tara drove up in the van. They all then climbed into the van. Tara then drove to the Estate but not the quickest way. Following Mistress Casandra's orders Tara went way out of the way and the trip took four times as long as it could have.

When they arrived at the Estate, everyone when into the house. Lara guided Debbie and Meagan guided Ann. Once inside they were taken down to the Bondage Room where the hoods and the scarves were removed. 

Mistress Casandra stood in front of them and said to them, "You have come here of your own free will, correct?" 

"Yes" 

"You want a bondage session, correct?" 

"Yes." 

Casandra then said, "Then let us begin." 

And ordered Debbie and Ann, "to take your clothes off and put on these bondage outfits." 

When they were ready, Mistress Casandra turned to Meagan and said, "They are yours for the next three hours." 

And then looking at all three, she said, "Enjoy your selves. We'll be right outside." 

Casandra, Lara and Tara then left the Bondage Room.

Meagan put Debbie and Ann into chains and did a repeat of the previous session. She felt them up and caressed their bodies, she fingered their pussies, she fondled their tits, and she fucked them with a dildo and a strap-on. And she made each eat her pussy. 

After an hour, she released Debbie and said to her, "Now you are in charge. Chain me up and use me as well as Ann." 

So for the next hour, Debbie used both Meagan and Ann. And she felt them up and caressed their bodies, she fingered their pussies, she fondled their tits, and she fucked them with a dildo and a strap-on. And she made each eat her pussy. 

After an hour, Debbie released Ann so that she could experience being in control. And Ann felt them up and caressed their bodies, she fingered their pussies, she fondled their tits, and she fucked them with a dildo and a strap-on. And she made each eat her pussy. After an hour, Ann released both Debbie and Meagan. And they took each other in their arms and fell to the floor and made love to each other.

Watching all of this, Mistress had been surprised when Meagan released Debbie. She let them go an extra half an hour and then she, Lara and Tara entered the Bondage Room. She ordered Meagan, Debbie and Ann to stand and ordered them to change their clothes. 

When they were ready to go, Mistress Casandra said to Debbie and Ann, "You will be taken back to our car now. I will give you a onetime offer so listen well. You do not have to decide right now. I will give you one month to decide. Here is the offer. You may join our Family or not. If you join, there is no going back. You will leave everything and everybody behind. If you decide not to join us, then you will never come here again. That is your choice. You have seen how happy Meagan is here and what Pleasure is here and the Love that is here. This is our paradise. This is our Garden of Eden. This is a very important decision, do not make it lightly. That is why I am giving you one month." 

Debbie and Ann looked at each other, then at Meagan, who smiled back, then at Lara, then at Tara and finally at Mistress Casandra. 

Debbie asked "If we say no, we cannot come back?" 

"No, not ever." 

Then there was silence. After a moment, Mistress ordered them cuffed and hooded. Lara cuffed Debbie with her hands behind her and put the scarf and the hood on her. Meagan did the same to Ann. 

Then the two were guided back to the van. All climbed into the van and Lara drove them back to the old farm, again taking the roundabout way. When they arrived at the farm, they all got out of the van. Mistress ordered the cuffs removed as well as the hoods, the scarves stayed for the moment. 

Mistress Casandra said to Debbie and Ann, "I have given you an offer. You may accept it or not. It is your choice. Think on it hard and well. Whatever you decide, let Meagan know one month from today. Understand?" 

"Yes Mistress" they both said. 

Mistress then ordered them to stand as they are for 10 minutes, and then they could remove the scarves and leave. Casandra, Lara and Meagan climbed into the van and Tara drove to behind the house, where they could watch the two girls. After about 10 minutes, Debbie and Ann removed the scarves, looked around, got into Debbie's car and drove off.

Casandra and her Slaves waited 30 minutes before they left. Then they drove home. 

When they got there, Meagan said to her Mistress, "Thank you Mistress. What do you think they will decide to do?" 

Mistress Casandra thought for a moment and then said, "I think they will decide to join our Family. And when they do, we will Love them. Now, let's go in and have dinner." 

And Casandra thought to herself, "What a day."

Part Three: A visit to Lizzy

Ten days after the 2nd visit from Debbie and Ann, Mistress Casandra sat down with Lara and discussed Lizzy. They agreed that she is a wonderful young woman. Casandra decided to go the city and meet with her. She ordered Lara to tell Lizzy where to meet them and when. 

Lara responded, "Thank you Mistress." 

And she went and got a hold of Lizzy and made the arrangements. As per Mistress's orders, the day for the visit was set for one week later. All week Lara was very excited, she had grown to really like Lizzy. One week later Mistress Casandra and her four Slaves were on their way. 

That day Lizzy drove out into the country to an isolated spot, parked and waited for Lara and the others to arrive. Lizzy did not know but they had gotten there early and were now watching. When Mistress Casandra was satisfied, she drove up to Lizzy. Everyone got out of their car and Lara and Lizzy hugged for a long time. And then Tara hugged her and finally Casandra hugged her. Meagan was introduced and then they all climbed into Casandra's car and they drove off. 

Mistress had booked two connecting motel rooms. Mistress, Tara and Meagan went to one room and Lara and Lizzy went to the other. At first, Lara and Lizzy, talked and caught up. Then Lara reached over and pulled Lizzy closer and kissed her. 

She then asked Lizzy, "Are you sure you want this?" 

"Yes, please show me." 

And Lara and Lizzy now made love. Lara was very gentle and Lizzy had orgasm after orgasm. Lara showed her how to please a woman and she was a quick learner. 

Afterward, as they lay on the bed recovering, Lizzy said to Lara, "Thank you, thank you." 

Lara just smiled back at her.

At that moment the connecting door opened and Mistress Casandra and the others walked in. 

Lizzy started to cover up but Mistress said, "No, do not cover yourself. Let me look at you little one. Stand up." 

Lizzy stood up. 

"Turn around." 

And Lizzy slowly turned around. 

Lara said, "Isn't she lovely." 

And Mistress Casandra replied, "Yes she is. Very pretty." 

Then she said to Lizzy, "Sit down. Let's talk." 

Lizzy sat down and looked at Mistress. 

Mistress Casandra said, "Lara has told you about our life style, she has told you about the Love that we have for each other, she has told you of the Pleasure at our Paradise. You have express interest in joining us. Do you still want to?" 

Lizzy thought for a minute and responded, "Yes, I want to join and be one of your Slaves." 

Mistress Casandra continued, "If I except you are you willing to leave your current life behind you? Are you ready to leave your family and friends? Once you are my Slave, there is no going back. You must be sure. I will give you a week to decide. We will now take you back to your car." 

They all got back into the car and drove Lizzy to her car. 

Lizzy hugged each one and then said to Mistress and said, "Thank you for the opportunity. I have thought of nothing else since I met you all. I will think on it. Thank you." 

She got into her car and drove off. 

Lara then asked Mistress, "What do you think Mistress? What will she decide?" 

And Mistress answered, "I'm not sure. Let's go to the mall."

The four drove to the mall and did some shopping, although they mainly walked around and just looked. As they were on the way out, Mistress noticed a women's shoe store with two young male clerks working. She thought, "Time for some fun." 

She stopping and gave her Slaves their orders. Mistress watched her Slaves walk into the store and start to brose. Soon Lara asked for her size, as did Meagan, as did Tara. And the two male clerks jumped to get them. The three sat down and let the guys try shoes on their feet. They kept asking for different shoes to try and each time they tried on a pair, they flashed the clerks. They made the guys bring out 10 pairs each and then just spread their legs. The male clerks were speechless. 

Tara said, "Ok girls, let's go." 

And Meagan replied, "But look at them, we've made them excited." 

She reached out and rubbed one of the guy's crotch and said, "They're both hard. We should take care of them." 

And Lara said, "You're right." 

And she grabbed on guys arm and directed him to the backroom. Meagan did the same for the other one. 

Once in the backroom, Lara said to the guys, "Do what we tell you and we will take care of your dicks. Ok?" 

Each guys just nodded, not believing what was happening. 

Tara ordered them to "strip out of your cloths and kneel." 

The guys hesitated and Tara untied her halter and said, "Well girls, I guess they don't want any of this. Let's go." 

Both guys said, "Wait. All right." 

And they were soon standing in their underwear. 

Lara said, "She said strip. Everything off. Now." 

The two guys took off their underwear and kneeled. 

Meagan then said, "Ok, whack off. Let see how long you can last." 

While stunned at the order, the two guys started to jack off. Lara, Tara and Meagan showed them their tits, their pussies and each one showed her ass. Soon both guys had ejaculated on the floor. 

Tara said, "Thank you. This was fun. We have to go now." 

And all three girls turned and walked towards the door. 

Guys were still kneeling and Lara said, "Now, why don't you two suck each other. You'd probably enjoy it. Bye." 

And the girls walked out, laughing and met Mistress and they all walked out of the mall and to their car.

When they left the mall they drove to a park. It was a beautiful day and they walked the park, taking in the trees and the flowers. It was lovely. When they came to a bench, the four sat down and gazed out at a lake. After a while, they got up and walked some more. As they walked they noticed a museum on the other side of the road and while they were looking, a school bus rolled up to the curb. It was from an all girl high school and soon the passengers started to unload. Soon there were 25 or so girls milling about, all eighteen or nineteen, while a teacher tried to organize them. 

After watching the scene for a minute, Lara asked her Mistress if "she could go down and check out the girls. Maybe I can get lucky." 

"Yes Lara, you do that." 

Lara smiled at her Mistress and said, "Thank you. Is an hour all right?" 

"Yes, we'll wait for an hour. Go get em little one."

Lara walked down to the street and crossed over to the other side and mixed in with the female students. As Lara walked among them, she flipped her skirt to show that she wasn't wearing panties. Soon, some of the students noticed what she was doing. She then walked over to a bench, sat down and flashed the group of students. 

Lara wondered where the teacher was and thought to herself, "She must be inside. Good." 

As she kept opening and closing her legs, a couple of older looking girls walked over. 

One of them said, "What are you doing?" 

"Nothing, Why?" 

"Yes you are. You're not wearing panties and you keep flashing us." 

"Oh, that. I like to expose myself. Do you like me?" She said as she spread her legs wide and touched her pussy. 

The two girls watched her for a moment, then looked around and didn't see the teacher. 

Then the other one said, "Come with us." 

And each grabbed an arm and walked her to a restroom. Some of the other girls followed.
