 The idea of somehow seducing or subverting Jennifer into going down on a girl definitely got under my skin. The experience the three of us had was fun for me and I was interested in doing it again, but Jennifer seemed to totally shut down after that. I didn't know how Rebecca got her to go along with it in the first place. In a way, Jennifer's complete shying away from the subject every time one of us talked to her only got me more intrigued at the thought of cracking her.

So, when Rebecca called me on the phone a few nights after our first experience, I was pretty excited. I was pretty certain what she wanted to talk about, and I was right. Our conversations always ended up centering on how we could get her into having sex with girls. First, we knew we had to figure out why she had been so hesitant and had completely shot down the idea of doing anything else with the three of us. Had she decided she was completely straight, or was she just afraid? Personally, I had a suspicion that she had a secret unconscious thing for Rebecca, and seeing me and her have sex probably bothered Jennifer quite a bit.

Our phone conversations kept me in a kind of continual horny daze. Every night I'd rush home to call Rebecca and talk more about our plans. The idea of seducing and controlling Jennifer like that was just so erotic to me. I couldn't get it off of my mind. We even started to text about it during the day. Should we get her drunk again? I thought that wouldn't work, because she probably wouldn't even meet us and drink with us in the first place -- it would be too obvious what our intentions were. She and Rebecca still hung out, because they were best friends, so I suggested Rebecca make the first move, but Rebecca thought Jennifer wouldn't trust her enough that way for awhile. She had a point -- Rebecca was a very sexual person, and liked sex just for its own sake, and not necessarily as part of a relationship. Some people, especially Jennifer, could misinterpret that badly as callousness.

These ideas kept running around in my head and making me constantly turned on. It was all so new, and strange, and subversive -- I loved it! At first, I would masturbate after I got off the phone, but, as we talked more and more, I couldn't wait that long. Rebecca had no problem playing with herself while talking on the phone with me, and that just added to the whole effect. Pretty soon, we would talk about ways to seduce Jennifer on the phone while openly masturbating together. It was strangely intimate, and probably the only time in my life I've ever had what basically amounted to phone sex. The whole situation was definitely getting to me, and I found myself checking out every attractive girl I passed and thinking about them sexually. I felt a tiny bit crazy, but in a good way, like there was this whole new realm of possibilities open to me. I fantasized about Rebecca's athletic body and her solid, perky breasts more often than not, and those fantasies were especially powerful when they included Jennifer going down on her, or me.

Of course, Jennifer had no idea what we had in mind for her. Actually -- I should just ask her to tell me what she was thinking back then. She is, of course, between my legs right now, a little high on licking me. It's starting to feel really damn good, so I'll let her finish me, and then ask... 

*****

What was I thinking then? I think what Kira said was right. I was really hurt and feeling strange over our first encounter, and I wasn't sure why. It really bothered me to see Kira with Rebecca, and I was sort of angry in a way I couldn't really express, so I said the hell with it all and decided to just be normal old straight me and stop messing around with all the bi stuff, and definitely any bi stuff with Rebecca. She just wanted sex, and I... well... I don't know what I wanted. I couldn't really think or admit that to myself, so I just tried to ignore it. I was surprised when Kira called me and wanted to know if I was alright. She was so convincing, I actually thought she cared, and I thought I needed somebody to vent to about Rebecca, so I actually showed up to her apartment...

And of course the first thing Kira did was get us both beers. She was really sly about that, really casual. I didn't think anything of it. I did think it was strange that Kira called me, considering that I hardly knew her, but she totally explained it away.

"Well we're definitely friends now. We've been naked around each other," she said, and smiled sheepishly. "And that's more than I can say for most of my other friends."

I just kind of laughed awkwardly and nodded to that. All I wanted to do was complain about Rebecca, really, and she was as good a person as any to listen to my complaints.

"So, tell me what's wrong," Kira said, convincingly concerned. "I mean I don't know what to think really about what the three of us did, either... I've been freaking out about it a little."

I was kind of surprised. I had thought Kira was like Rebecca, and could just have sex with a girl like that and not care. I had no idea what she was really thinking. Because I was surprised, I actually told her the truth.

"Well, that... was my first orgasm ever," I suddenly blurted, surprised that I could actually admit that to someone else. I remember how surprised her expression was. I also remember thinking how cute her nose was when scrunched up, oddly enough.

"Wow, what, really?" Kira asked, shocked. "When I... when my hand was on you, and your hand was on Rebecca?"

I frowned, not wanting to think about it, because it had been really bothering me. I knew I had a girl-crush on Rebecca, and knew that a lot of my friends had similar feelings for friends and it didn't mean anything, but finally having my first orgasm in my entire life with girls made me really wonder about myself.

"Yeah, I was just never able to," I spilled almost uncontrollably. "There was always some excuse, like the guy wasn't good enough, or I was tired.... I had just kind of stopped caring about actually having an... orgasm."

Kira looked me over, still surprised. Her brown hair, pulled back in a pony tail, seemed almost as cute as when she had dressed up for our... thing... the week before.

"You stopped caring about having an orgasm, until our... party," Kira said, trailing off, the exact word escaping her. "Well, were you finally able to orgasm because you enjoyed... well, let's just say it, because you enjoyed touching Rebecca, or because I was fingering you?"

I felt my face turn red with embarrassment, both at the words and the thoughts behind them. I wonder if she noticed me sneaking glances at her cute brown eyes.

"I don't know, I'm not sure," I said, pretty much walking right into what happened next.

"Well you have a thing for Rebecca, right?" Kira asked, watching me carefully.

"What? No! Well, I don't know," I responded, taken off guard. "I've just been wondering a lot about what happened..."

"Well..." she said, trailing off for a long moment, making it obvious what she was suggesting before she said it. "Maybe we should... try it right now, to see which it was?"

I felt my face burn even more red, and I tried to act dumb. Her concerned cute eyes were really getting to me, making me feel heady and confused.

"Do what now?"

"You know, maybe you should touch me, see if touching a girl is what helps you get off, or if it's just Rebecca," she said almost matter-of-factly.

"Whoah, no," I replied quickly. "I'm done with all this bisexual stuff. I'm happy being totally straight."

Kira smiled in a reassuring way.

"It has nothing to do with being bisexual or not," she said comfortingly. "I'm straight, and I can handle this stuff fine. It's just sex."

"Really? Isn't that a contradiction, having... sex... with a girl, but being straight?" I asked, falling for her game.

"No, not at all," she said. "I'm straight because I want to be. Who's to say otherwise, even if I fool around with girls some? Besides, if you don't figure this out now, won't it strain your friendship forever?"

I gulped as that idea hit home, because it was definitely all I could think about when I was around Rebecca. We were best friends, so I couldn't avoid her, and... I didn't really want to avoid her.

I didn't say anything, but she took off her pants anyway. I should have noticed that she wasn't wearing any panties at all, but I didn't. I actually imagined that the one beer I had was making me slightly buzzed, to help me do what I was about to do. The sight of her slender legs open there in front of me on the bed where I watched her have sex with my best friend a week ago... where I had rubbed my best friend to an orgasm... I froze.

Kira took my wrist and placed my hand on her, not really giving me a chance to think about it. Instinctively, I started feeling her, rubbing her like I did Rebecca. The feeling fascinated me, and I tried to feel as much of her as I could without actually putting a finger inside her. I was so absorbed in feeling her - another girl! - that I hardly cared when she put her hand on my jeans, unbuttoned them, and slid her hand under them. Secretly, I wanted to feel another orgasm, so I didn't stop her even when I couldn't pretend not to notice anymore. 

Pretty soon, I saw her legs flush and tense, and I knew she was feeling that intense wave of sensation I felt for the first time last week. The thought that I was now giving an orgasm to a second girl, combined with her soft middle finger in me, stimulating me, created pleasure that felt like tendrils of heat throughout my body and my mind both. I stared at my hand, watching her tummy heave as she orgasmed, and... something just clicked, and that surge of pleasure hit me for the second time in my life. I was surprised that it actually made me lose control for a few moments -- my body clenched, my eyes closed, and one of my fingers touched her a little deeper and came back wet.

When I opened my eyes again, Kira was breathing a little heavily and looking at me intently, a question in her eyes.

"Well, how was it?" she asked, touching my wrist. "Did you like it?"

I nodded almost imperceptibly.

"But I still don't know..." I said slowly, surprised by how into it I had gotten. I still wasn't sure what about the experience was strong enough to help me orgasm for the second time in my life. I made up some excuse to leave, and she showed me out of her apartment. When I was out near my car, I remembered my wet finger. I smelled it, and a unique scent that I vaguely remembered from the week before reached me. It kind of got to me, making me think more about what Kira and I had just done as I drove away in a daze.

*****

I actually saw that out of my window. I watched Jennifer leave, and saw her smell her finger. I was so excited and turned on I thought I might burst. I texted Rebecca about the first step in our plan working. I thought she might call me and we might masturbate together on the phone, but, instead, she just texted me back 'come to my apartment.' Intrigued, I followed the directions she gave me, and ended up at her apartment pretty quickly.

When I got there, she immediately closed her front door and grabbed me, kissing me hard. Totally caught by surprise, I just went with it, kissing her back passionately. Her long red hair got in my mouth some, but I didn't care. Without breaking off our kissing, she pulled me back towards her bedroom, and I fell on her as she lay on the bed. Her soft lips were just as energetic and wonderful as the first time the week before, and they quickly found their way down my neck. I lifted my own shirt off frantically, and she rolled over on top of me and started kissing my breasts just above my bra.

"I just... got your best friend... to finger me," I breathed, excited and turned on as hell.

"I wanna see where it happened," she replied with a wicked grin as she kissed down my tummy, unzipping my jeans and sliding them down in one motion. They got stuck around my one foot, but she didn't pause; she kissed straight to my sex, surprising me with her lust. She must have been as turned on as me by the thought of what I got Jennifer to do! I felt a moist hard muscle flatten and slide up my lips, making me jump. She penetrated me deeply with her tongue, and then licked me frenziedly, causing me an almost painful pleasure.

I heard her slide her pants off without taking her mouth from my sex, and she stopped only for a brief moment to bring her body around over me. It was all way too fast for me, given that sex with a girl was so new to me still, but I couldn't say no -- I was insanely turned on myself, and her passion was contagious.

Her smooth tummy and athletic legs slid over my head, and I adjusted myself to get a good position under her. I didn't pause to take in the beauty of her sex this time -- this time, I slid right up and kissed her lips, slid my tongue into her folds, and tasted a girl for the third time, trying to match her energy as she threatened to overwhelm me with the intense sensations her hard tongue and soft lips and exploring fingers were bringing to my body. All of it was so fun, and spontaneous, and passionate! In almost no time at all, I bucked against her soft body, her perky tits pressing into my tummy and her tongue pressing against my clit in a quick rhythm.

Much to my surprise, when the pleasure had run its course... I still wanted to lick her pussy! She stayed where she was, kissing my sex gently, as I licked and tongued her heated and wet folds until I got what I was looking forward to, that intimate clenching of her walls against my tongue and her soft body pressing to mine uncontrollably. Finally, when her body relaxed, she rolled off of me and laid next to me on the bed.

"So what do we do to Jennifer next?" she asked, smiling wickedly, her lips and chin still wet.