 She was fast asleep when the lightest of touches along the length of her calf started her on the slow trip up to wakefulness. 

It was a hot and humid summer night. They had all the flaps of the tent wide open to catch the breeze; sleeping bags ignored and used as a mattress.

The touch, hesitant, skipped her knee and continued up her thigh, jumped over where her shorts were clinging and began to softly trace a pattern on the patch of skin gaping between her top and bottoms. Giving up on feigning sleep, she suddenly rolled over and grabbed the wrist of the girl lying beside her.

"I was having such a lovely dream- why'd you have to go and wake me up?"

"Don't tell me you didn't enjoy it?"

In answer, she leaned over further and began to kiss her lips, still maintaining their teasing smile. "Don't tell me you even need to ask that question." 

A sudden breath of air, pine-scented, blew through the open door, stiffening both sets of nipples. She let out a moan, deepening the kiss. She felt hands rising along her lower back, slowly slipping under her top and raising it over her head. She broke the kiss just long enough for the shirts' removal, then resumed, even more passionate than before.

The hands continued their roaming, tracing patterns along her spine, raising tiny hairs and increasing her arousal even more. They slowly circled around towards the front. Almost ticklish, the thumbs caressed the hardened tips of her nipples and drew away. Seemingly involuntarily, she leaned into the girl, eager for the continued caress.

Impatient herself, the girl flipped them, pulling off her own top in the process. Bending over, the girl began pressing her body against her, one hand rising to cup her chin as she kissed her deeply, the other slowly making its way in tantalizing circles towards her remaining piece of clothing. Slipping inside the elastic band at her waist, the girl's fingers found her dripping with desire. Carefully, the girl flicked one finger across her throbbing clit, eliciting another moan from her lips.

The girl's lips moved from her own, kissing a trail down her throat and ever lower until they reached her breasts. At the first seductive lick, she felt the girl's finger slip inside her, and, hesitant at first, but quickly gaining momentum, it began to move.

Needing something to hold on to, she grasped the heavy breasts hanging before her, kneading them, caressing them, as she came closer and closer to losing control. Her world reduced to a tongue- lapping and sucking on her hardened nipple... a thumb- continuing to circle and circle and circle... a finger- sliding faster and faster. Waves of pleasure began to encompass her, closer and closer together, until- with a cry of pure emotion- she climaxed, spasming and clutching at the girl lying pressed up against her.

Faint whimpers continued to make their escape as she kissed the girl to her heart's content. As she slowly came back to herself she was surprised to discover that her hands had maintained their continual caress over the girls now very aroused breasts. She could hear her breath catching at every increase in pressure.

"Please..."

More purposefully now, she let her hands wander downwards towards the girl's hips. Pushing her over gently, she got up to straddle the girl's legs. She could smell the girl's arousal through her soaked pants. It mingled delightfully with the scents from outside in an intoxicating aroma. Eager to taste the girl and repay the wonderful favour, she leaned in to begin kissing a trail down the girl's side. She removed the girls' pants and continued her way, stopping to pay attention to the wonderfully sensitive area at the junction of leg and stomach. 

Hearing more whispered pleas, she gave in to both of their desires and allowed her exploring tongue to encounter the girl's dripping centre. Lapping gently at her swollen clit, the girl immediately began to shiver with pleasure. Eager for more, the girl began pressing herself upwards into her mouth. Obliging, she forgot all attempts at proceeding slowly and thrust her tongue as deep as it could reach.

Within seconds, the girl's words became unintelligible and her motions more frenzied. Sucking, thrusting, licking, her hands grasping the perfect curves of the girl's ass, she kept up her ministrations, lost in the pleasure of making love to the unbelievably sexy girl.

A sudden spurt of liquid and she knew the girl had climaxed. More slowly now, she licked up the trickling juices and kissed her thighs lightly as she surfaced. She pulled back and let herself collapse on the tent floor, thoroughly happy.

As the girl lay panting beside her, she heard a giggle and glanced over.

"Now wasn't that better than whatever lovely dream you were having?"

"Well, what do you think I was dreaming about?"