 I left Rebecca's apartment the next morning in a daze, my thoughts filled with what I had gotten Jennifer to do, and what Rebecca had gotten me to do. I kept thinking about what I saw Jennifer doing -- sitting in her car, not sure how to react, smelling her finger -- I kept thinking about this while I, ironically, sat in my car, not sure how to react, and smelled Rebecca's scent all over me. I still tasted her every time I swallowed or licked my lips. For a few minutes I just drove around slowly, not sure where I was going or what I was doing. I kept looking at myself in the rear-view mirror, tracing the soft lines of my face and my long brown hair and staring at my own shapely brown eyes, suddenly very aware of the fact that I was female, and that I had just had sex with another girl.

It wasn't just fooling around and experimenting like last time. I don't know what came over me. I was so into her, I kissed her so hard, I just slid right up and... ate her out! I had no trouble having an orgasm like the first time... I really, really enjoyed it... but what bothered me most is that I had an orgasm and then... still wanted to taste her. I still wanted to lick her, to have my mouth against her sex! I could still feel those soft, wet, intimate folds sliding against my face, from when I licked her deeply. I could still feel the walls of her vagina as they clenched around my tongue during her orgasm, and still hear her breathing heavily and gasping. The skin around my mouth was even still slightly sticky.

I shook my head to try to re-center my thoughts. Whenever I thought about Rebecca or Jennifer, I felt strangely light and my heart started to race. I was beginning to become really attracted to them. It felt exciting to walk so close to 'the line,' basically flirting with bisexuality, but... still... I was hesitant. I was afraid. I wasn't sure what I was afraid of -- maybe of losing control. Bisexuality was one thing... at least then I could have chosen who I wanted to be, could still have been gone back to being my normal old self... but I was afraid I might start enjoying it all a little too much if things kept going the way they had been.

Finally, I decided: next time Rebecca wanted me to have sex with her, I'd just offer to masturbate together instead. That would be fine with me... that would be something a girl just experimenting or having fun would do... not a big deal at all compared to passionately making out, grabbing each other, falling on the bed and... going down on each other... I shook my head again, trying not to think about how her soft breasts felt while pressed into my tummy, or how intimate and unique she tasted... or how slick she was against my tongue... or how warm her thighs had been against my cheeks...

Somehow, I had reached home while lost in my thoughts. I quickly locked my car door and rushed up to my apartment. I barely managed to close and lock my apartment door, before I slid my pants down to my ankles, sat roughly on the carpet with my back against the door, and started masturbating, as turned on as I had been the night before.

I was overwhelmed with everything that had happened. The lack of control, the passion of it all, was so erotic... I breathed in, smelling her all over me, tasting her on my lips. I re-imagined every sense memory I had of her, feeling her skin on me, the warmth of her body, that insistent wet little muscle inside me, licking me, sliding against me, flicking me, making me feel so good -- but, most of all, the thought of myself, face buried in a pussy, loving every second of it.

I felt a huge, natural, long, spontaneous orgasm coming -- that rare, best kind, when something erotic gets under my skin and basically compels me to masturbate. I was so excited. It had been a long time since I had had one of those. I was looking forward to it immensely, sinking my thoughts totally into my fantasy. I was almost there when a knock sounded on the door a foot above my head, making me jump in absolute terror and embarrassment. It was Jennifer of course, and, as soon as she's done licking me under my desk as I write this, I'll ask her, and write her story down... God, she's so good at it...

*****

I had been hanging around Kira's place for almost twenty minutes, trying to work up the nerve to knock, when I saw her come home. I hadn't even realized she wasn't home. I didn't wonder where she had been all night, though I should have. It took me another five or ten minutes to work up the courage. I remember telling myself, it's Sunday morning, come on, hurry up and do it, you don't have all day. It's the last day of the weekend. That was such a silly reason to finally do it, but it worked. I screwed myself up tall, walked right up, and knocked.

I heard a fumbling on the other side, but wasn't sure what it was.

"Kira?" I said through the door. "It's me, Jennifer."

I wasn't sure why I was there. Well, actually, I knew exactly why I was there... I just couldn't put into words. I had had two orgasms now, both from Kira's hand, and I couldn't stop thinking about it. I couldn't believe I had gone my whole life without feeling an orgasm -- the anticipation, the body-filling pleasure, the release, the relaxation after. I had had all night and morning to think about it, ever since I excused myself from Kira's apartment and left, and, in the warm morning light, I found myself getting dressed, driving around, and somehow ending up in Kira's parking lot. I had slept, but it had been difficult, and I kept feeling echoes of that reverberating pleasure in my body whenever I laid down, like feeling ocean waves after a day at the beach.

Finally, the door opened. Kira looked completely flushed, and seemed a little off. Oddly, whatever was going on with her somehow made her even more attractive.

"Hey," she said, breathing slightly heavily. "How's it going... good morning, I guess?"

"Yep," I said awkwardly, looking around. I didn't really have a plan.

"You... need something?" Kira asked, slightly confused. Her flushed face and slight tired breathing really intrigued me.

"Have you... been exercising or something?" I asked, curious.

"Yeah," she responded, suddenly nodding. "Yeah... I was exercising, when you knocked."

"By the door?" I asked, confused, and thinking of the clatter I had heard. She looked away, trying to think of something to say.

"Oh my god," I said suddenly, figuring it out. "You weren't exercising, you were..."

"Yeah, yeah," she replied, cutting me off. She didn't seem that embarrassed or angry. It was more like she was... antsy. "Look, can we maybe talk later or something? I'm kind of... in a hurry."

She straightened up a bit, silently indicating that she wanted to close the door.

"See you... later I guess?" she said, starting to close the door, and probably thinking I was weird because I came over with seemingly no purpose.

"Wait!" I said abruptly, without realizing it.

"Yeah?" she asked, looking at me expectantly. I found myself avoiding looking at her cute brown eyes as soon as I realized what I was about to say.

"I..." I said slowly. "I... could... help with that...."

For a few long moments, she just stared at me, and I wished desperately that I could look her in those cute brown eyes and see what she was thinking. Finally, she spoke.

"Ok, come in," she said hurriedly.

Almost the moment I stepped inside, she closed the door, pulled me by the sleeve, and retreated to the couch. She didn't even bother taking her shirt or socks off, she just pulled her pants down. I noticed that her panties were already on the floor in the corner. She had answered the door without them on. That thought made me feel... a tiny bit warm. I didn't have time to focus on it, though, because she immediately opened up her legs, putting one up the side of the couch and one down on the floor, exposing herself completely.

I found myself staring at her sex. Her lips were slightly red, and enlarged. I realized that she really had been masturbating, and had probably been pretty far along. Her scent hung faintly in the air around her. No wonder she had been so antsy and in a hurry! Warm, familiar feelers started to wrap around my thoughts, now that I was back in the scary but alluring situation that had helped me orgasm twice before... a girl's legs spread open before me. 

Kira's breathing had grown heavy again, out of anticipation. She leaned an arm forward, gently placed her hand on the back of my head, and guided me down. I leaned forward, wanting a better look, until I realized that she wanted me to... lick her! I pulled back, sitting straight up.

"No, no," I said suddenly, scared. "I don't want to do that!"

"Ok, ok," Kira replied, sounding disappointed. "I thought you wanted to help?"

Her cute brown eyes watched me expectantly.

"I just meant that I'll... you know," I said sheepishly. "It's nothing I haven't... done before... and you're my friend, after all... and I did interrupt you..."

My excuses trailed off when she took my hand quickly and placed it against her sex, in the same place it was before. I leaned forward to get a better angle, which brought me a foot or two from her face. I started to rub her, middle finger on her slit like last time, watching the emotions and sensations play across her face. It only took a minute or two to bring her to orgasm, but, in that minute, I was overwhelmed trying to keep track of all the experiences hitting me.

My hand on her engorged lips, my palm rubbing her clit, my middle finger rubbing her very wet slit, the utter lust and pleasure in her cute brown eyes, her soft features clenching with orgasm... by the time she relaxed, collapsing into the couch, I had completely forgotten that I had come here seeking my own pleasure. As she laid there, legs sprawled in satisfaction on the couch cushions, and I sat next to her on its edge, I suddenly remembered that I had come here seeking a third orgasm, and I cursed mentally as I realized that it was probably too late now. I had rubbed a girl to orgasm -- again! -- for nothing.

"Wow, that was great," Kira said softly. "I'm surprised at you. I thought you didn't want to do anything with girls. You just wanted to figure out what let you orgasm."

I frowned apologetically.

"Yeah," I told her. "That's actually... why I came here."

"Oh..." Kira said, trailing off for a moment, then touched my dangling blonde hair. "Do you want me to... do you?"

I bit my lip nervously. I figured, what the hell, I should at least try it. It couldn't hurt, right? Secretly, I would have accepted any reasoning and done anything to feel the third orgasm of my life. Orgasms were so new, so... amazing. I nodded to her almost imperceptibly.

"Ok," she said, thinking. "Sit up against the back of the couch."

I did what she told me to, and she moved onto the floor. I tensed up as she tugged my pants down. It tickled immensely when her thumbs curled around the edges of my panties to pull them off. I grew increasingly nervous, and felt incredibly exposed when I was finally naked in front of her. I kept thinking about the cuteness of her face, watching as she descended toward my center, moistening her lips as she approached. I grew so nervous I thought I would explode.

"Wait, stop," I told her suddenly. She turned her cute brown eyes up at me from between my legs. I saw her sneak a glance down at my exposed center, then look back at me, as I continued. "It's just... the first two times... it was with hands, you know? And last time I didn't get to pay attention to the whole... experience..."

She nodded, and slowly snaked her hand up my thigh. The closer it got to me, the more my nervousness returned. I suddenly found myself stopping her hand with mine, because I was afraid of sitting there and getting fingered. What would I look at? What would I think about, just sitting there, a pants-less girl fingering me? How could I not stare at her face, think about how cute she was, and... to fight those cute brown eyes that were always challenging my gaze...! I couldn't do it. I needed... distraction.

"Um, sorry, I... want it to be exactly like last time," I told her.

"Okay, sure," she replied agreeably, moving up to sit next to me. "There's just one problem."

"What's that?" I asked, fearful.

"Well, I just came..." she explained. "It's going to be a lot harder to get me off the second time. You might have to do a little more."

"More?" I asked, even more worried and fearful now.

"Just with your hand," she reassured me. "There's a... spot... that feels really good."

I knew exactly what she was talking about, and my fear suddenly became justified.

"But then I'd have to put my finger... in you," I said unhappily. "I don't want to do that. I've never..."

"Of course you have," Kira said abruptly. "You've put a finger inside yourself, right? It's no different. And you've rubbed the outside of me, it's only one finger's difference, right?"

I swallowed heavily, suddenly feeling very put on the spot. Still, I wanted that third orgasm. What was one finger a little out of place, in exchange for another wonderful orgasm? I'd even gotten her wetness on that finger last time, so what was the big deal?

I nodded hesitantly, and reached out a hand. Kira took my hand, scooted back a bit, opened her legs, and guided me on to the couch. I rested with one knee on the cushions, and one leg on the floor, so that we could both reach each other. Her legs curled in between mine, their warmth making me nervous. They reminded me that I was about to fool around with a girl for a fourth time - four times already?! - and I wondered in fear if I would start to get used to this... to fooling around with... other girls... but then I reminded myself that it wasn't about girls, it was about figuring out how to have orgasms, so it was just fooling around. That was all... no big deal.

I was startled when her hand touched my lower tummy, already upside down, fingers sliding downward. I held my breath for a moment, nervous, her soft fingers feeling really warm on my skin. She paused, waiting, and I looked up to see her cute brown eyes watching me with a question. I realized she was waiting for me, so I went ahead and... put my hand on her, again.

She touched me at the same moment I touched her. She matched my hand movements, only rubbing the outside of me at first. I felt as much as I could through my hand, feeling her soft and warm lips, until I started to notice that her hand didn't feel very good on me. She just kept rubbing my outside, like I was doing to her. Disappointed, I realized that I really would have to go through with it.

Biting my lip, I curled my middle finger slowly, steeling myself and... slid it in her. I was intensely nervous for a few moments, until I realized that it felt like a new and different version of my own insides. I felt around with my finger under the pretext of looking for that spot she wanted, taking in every little fold and crevice that I could feel. I was absolutely fascinated, and felt my world shrinking like it had the first two times. It became just me, my hand, and the sensations of feeling around inside her.

She was so wet, so slick, so... alive... and I felt her clench every so often. I felt like I suddenly understood her sex, its shape and feel, and its pleasure centers. Feeling around, I suddenly got it. I realized that I really could make another girl feel good... pleasure her... even make her orgasm! For some reason, I felt whatever she felt, felt fingers wherever I touched her... and I wanted that orgasm, for me, and for her.

I used my new knowledge, putting my palm across her clit and my middle finger curled up inside her folds. I was just able to reach that spot she wanted with my finger, and started rubbing it consistently, delighting in the slickness and feel of her. Even the scent grew stronger, and started to turn me on immensely. I found myself feeling incredible pleasure from the thought that I was working on another girl's pussy, and bringing her to orgasm. I felt my own pleasure rise along with hers, felt soft fingers mimicking my own. After many long minutes with just my hand, the pussy in front of me, and the warm pleasure wrapping itself around me, I suddenly found my body rushing with heat.

The pleasure ran through me like a wave of heat, and the entire time I just kept picturing what I felt in her sex, and what I was staring at -- my hand bringing her to orgasm. I just kept thinking -- I'm bringing a pussy to orgasm! It was amazing, intimate, beautiful... Her rapid breathing matched my own, and I held on as long as I could, but eventually had to buck my body in response to the rushing orgasm. When I finally relaxed, breathed out, and breathed back in, my world started to return.

I remembered suddenly that there was a girl attached to that pussy, and I was really embarrassed. Had she seen how much I liked it? What did she think of me? Did she think I was a lesbian or something? I felt my face grow red with embarrassment. I looked at her and found those cute brown eyes watching me again, framed by her long brown hair, matted from sweat. Some of the matting of her hair seemed old, though, as if she had partied last night after I left or something. I hadn't noticed it earlier, and I thought nothing of it.

"So..." Kira said, exhausted, but smiling. "You definitely had an orgasm. I felt it."

I swallowed nervously again. I wanted more than anything to bolt and run.

"So what do you think helps you orgasm?" she asked, sounding genuinely interested. "Is it... touching a girl?"

"No, it's not that," I replied suddenly, unsure if I was lying. "I don't know... I'm still not sure."

"Alright," Kira said gently. "Do you want to try again tomorrow maybe?"

"Tomorrow's Monday, I've got class. I don't think I can," I told her, knowing full well that I would end up calling her as soon as classes were over, just like I showed up here this morning. I might try to resist, but sooner or later I'd show up, looking to get off... I felt slightly like an addict planning how to get her next hit. I just wish I knew if my drug was the pleasure of an orgasm... or the sensations of another girl's sex.

I left fairly quickly after that, still amped up from the rush. I felt a little more alive, a little more energetic, and a little more happy as a person after having my life's third orgasm. I was worried, because I knew for certain I would be fingering Kira again the next day, but it was starting to bother me less and less. Pussy is just a means to an end, I kept telling myself. I'll figure out what gets me off, I kept thinking, and then I can go back to quiet old boring me, a little more fulfilled. Who doesn't experiment in college, right? It's no big deal... but when did I start thinking the word pussy? I was always embarrassed by that word before. When did that change?

*****

I closed the door behind Jennifer when she left, and locked it in amazement, excitement, and relief. Amazement, because I had never expected her to come to me like that, excitement, because I had worked her perfectly into moving forward a step, and relief, because I was bodily and mentally tired from... all the sex, basically! I wanted to masturbate one more time, to the intensely sadistic pleasure I felt out of knowing I manipulated Jennifer into putting a finger into me, but I just didn't have the energy. I decided to file it away mentally for later... a very soon later. I knew I would have an incredible orgasm thinking about that.

I collapsed lazily in the shower for a good forty five minutes before a coherent thought even graced my mind. I just kept running through everything that had happened. How did I go from curious about my first threesome, the event that lost me my best friend, to having sex with girls left and right? I couldn't help but wonder where my best friend was. She had confessed to being in love with me, and I had totally kicked her to the curb. I wondered where she was, who she hung out with, and if she was with some other girl. I wish I could ask her questions -- like what she felt, what she wanted, and how she knew if she was a lesbian, or just bi...
