 I sat at the bar with Rebecca, scoping out the unwary girls.

"See any you like?" she asked me, her green eyes hungrily analyzing me. She still thought I couldn't see through her, and she was still pretending to be my girlfriend. For my part, I'd decided to go with it until I could figure out how to get her out of our lives without her doing something terrible. I was mainly worried about Jennifer, as the two of them had many mutual friends, and Rebecca even knew her family. Still, I wasn't certain that I wasn't also hoping to get back at her... I wasn't sure yet how far I wanted to take this. For now, I just wanted to play along.

"How about her?" I asked, indicating the most gorgeous girl in the bar and the flock of guys that surrounded her. I figured that Rebecca would never go for it.

"God, she's hot," Rebecca replied, her eyes arching. "Let's do it."

I felt my stomach sink as I realized that my idea had backfired.

"Well, how do we get to her through all those guys?" I asked. "Won't they be competition?"

"Hmm... I bet they'd actually help us," she mused. "Let's go."

I followed her up to the group at the bar, drink in hand. I was nervous as hell. I knew I was attractive, but this girl was one of those people who were on a whole other level... perfect body, gorgeous face, sleek blonde hair, amazing tits showed off by her tight shirt... I found myself a little fuzzy and distracted. I heard some of her conversation with one of the guys as we walked up, and I realized something... she probably wasn't half as smart as Jennifer. That thought put me at ease - nobody's perfect! This was just another girl, whose attributes were distributed a bit differently than most people's...

Rebecca introduced us to the guys, who were more than happy to welcome two pretty girls into the group. We all moved to a table, and I started getting into the conversation. The guys were decent, and I found it kind of refreshing to have a bevy of male attention again. It'd been awhile... and I noticed the girl starting to get jealous. Her name was Rachel, and she was a waitress somewhere... I found it hard to listen to her because her body was so sleek and sexy that it practically forced me to stare. Her cleavage was fantastic, and I found myself imagining things...

Drinks kept magically appearing in front of us thanks to the guys. I found myself way drunker than I anticipated as it grew closer to closing time, and I excused myself to go to the bathroom. Rachel decided to come, too, but Rebecca stayed behind. I should have thought something was odd about that, but I was too drunk to care. When we got to the bathroom, Rachel suddenly turned on me.

"Listen, bitch," she said, getting in my face. "I don't know what you and that girl are trying to do, but these are my men!"

I just stood there surprised, failing to physically react. That confused her.

"What, all of them?" I asked, stifling a laugh. It was an inappropriate reaction, but I tended to laugh when shocked or angry. She was still pissed, but she was unsure how to say what she wanted without sounding petty and stupid.

"Just... back off!" she finally yelled, then staggered into a stall. I suddenly felt really strange... calm, clear... I realized that it was the haze of lust lifting. Her gorgeous body had had me entranced the entire night, really... but the realization that she was just some dumb asshole, like anybody else, broke the feeling. I left the bathroom kind of pissed off.

By the time I got back to the table, something had changed. The guys were all about watching us and buying us drinks, and the conversation had turned highly sexual. I looked at Rebecca, who grinned at me. What had she done? For her part, Rachel acted like nothing had happened in the bathroom, and continued to thrive on the guys' attention and drinks... then, at closing time and almost as if on cue, the guys scattered.

"Oh man, I am way... too... wasted..." Rachel moaned, slumping on the table.

"Want us to drive you home?" Rebecca asked, giving me a sly glance.

"Okay..." Rachel replied, and staggered to her feet. "But that bitch sits in the back!"

"The hell did I do?" I muttered, but helped her stumble her way to Rebecca's car. I was starting to feel a little worried about where this was going.

"How about we stay at my place and I take you home in the morning? You can sleep on the couch," Rebecca suggested once we'd started driving. Rachel's head lolled to the side, and she laughed.

"Okay..."

I sat in the back, listening to Rebecca talk about how horny she was.

"Oh, me too..." Rachel told her. "Are there... any guys at your place?"

"Hah, no honey..."

Rachel suddenly seemed to focus a little bit, and sit up in her seat.

"Oh my god," she said, surprised. "Are you two... lesbians?"

I leaned forward to say no, but Rebecca cut me off.

"Yeah, actually... we saw you across the bar and just had to meet you."

"So, you two, like... want to do me?"

"Yes, we want to do you," Rebecca told her, laughing. I had to give it to her, her direct and ridiculous flattery was probably the best thing she could do to appeal to the gorgeous blonde's vanity. Rachel turned her head, sizing up the two of us.

"I've never done anything with a girl before..." she slurred.

"Really?" Rebecca asked her in mock disbelief. "When you look like that?"

The drunk blonde laughed at the compliment.

"Come on, it'll be fun," Rebecca insisted. "Every girl should try it at least once."

Rachel went quiet after a nervous laugh, and the next few minutes went by in silence. We arrived at Rebecca's place and wordlessly got out of the car and walked up to her apartment. I was concerned at how we'd snared her, but finding myself very tense and excited. Would our ridiculous ploy actually work? Was she going to go for it?

When we got inside, Rachel went to the bathroom for several long minutes. Rebecca came and sat down on the end of the couch, next to me.

"I can't believe it's working," she whispered, excited. She touched my arm, and it took all my willpower not to shy away because of my secret dislike. I let it happen, though. I had to go with this for now.

"Do you think she will?" I asked her, wondering at the long delay.

"We'll make her..." Rebecca said, trailing off as Rachel staggered out of the bathroom and fell on the couch, her feet sprawled next to us.

"Well, good night, thanks for the ride..." she said drunkenly. I was about to stand up, disappointed, when Rebecca softly grabbed me and pulled me in for a kiss. The heavy drunken blanket on my thoughts silenced my internal protests, and I kissed her deeply. We made out there on the end of the couch for several minutes. I couldn't help but enjoy it... she was a good kisser... and I'd missed this...

At one point, I darted a glance past Rebecca's red hair and saw Rachel watching us as she lay on her back against the other end of the couch, her eyes uncertain. I felt that predatory instinct rise in me again... I had tried to quell it with Rebecca around, but Rachel annoyed me, and... I wanted to control her.

At that realization, I decided to move things along. I kissed down Rebecca's neck, and then slid off her shirt and mine. I sensed Rachel tense up as she watched us in silence. I slid my hands over Rebecca's athletic body, and then removed her bra, throwing it on Rachel's legs. She still didn't move.

I took turns with Rebecca playing with and sucking on each other's breasts, during which my own bra ended up on the floor. I made sure to breathe heavily and moan sexually every so often, and Rebecca followed suit. After a few long minutes, Rebecca broke away, her hands around my naked back, and she looked at Rachel expectantly.

She watched us for a moment through her unkempt blonde hair, and then sat up a little straighter. Whether or not that was a cue for us, we both approached her, and Rebecca leaned in to kiss her... I watched with bated breath... yes! She started kissing back, her gorgeous face leaning into it slowly at first, but growing in passion. I kneeled next to them as they pressed together and ran my hands under Rachel's shirt, ecstatic at getting to feel such a body. Her abs were flat and perfect, and her skin incredibly soft. I ran my hands up over her bra as they kissed - slowly, so as not to spook her.

Her breasts were large, and I'd been staring at them all night... I was extremely turned on and wanted to move faster, but I also wanted to make this happen right. My predatory instinct instructed me, and I held back for several minutes until Rebecca moved up a little bit and put her perky tits in the blonde's face. Rachel stared at them, and I was worried she'd freak out... but she tentatively raised a hand, feeling the underside and squeezing one. She looked up for encouragement, and then nervously kissed one of the nipples hanging in front of her. At that silent step taken, Rebecca moved back, and I lifted Rachel's shirt.

She moved her arms up to get it off without hesitation... and then immediately had breasts back in her face and a nipple under her roving tongue.

Meanwhile, I unhooked her bra and slid it off. I couldn't quite get at her amazing breasts with Rebecca on top of her, so I instead used my hands to explore her. Her nipples were as hard as rocks, and I pinched them a little - she gave a slight positive moan, so I continued. Finally, Rebecca moved to a sitting position next to her, and I moved in to get my mouth on her. Playing with her warm, perfect chest felt amazing... they were bigger than Rebecca's tits, and firmer than Jennifer's large breasts. I sucked on one rock hard nipple with my lips for awhile, relishing the experience. It only heightened my fun to think of all the guys that had been at the bar, wishing they could play with her body like I was...

Then I realized that I was just doing what they would have done. Did I want to get this girl off for her pleasure like she expected from all the fawning guys, or did I want to make her get me off? My sadistic desire was to control her, but I was worried it would spook her and she'd suddenly call everything off. I thought back on her calling me a bitch, and my annoyance made me decide to risk it. I glanced at Rebecca, who took over fondling her while I stood up and dropped my pants and panties in one motion. Rachel watched me with anticipation, nervousness, and a slight bit of terror. Seeing those emotions in her shot a dark pleasure through me. That's right, I thought.

I stepped over Rebecca and stood on the couch, now fully naked above Rachel. Her gaze worriedly followed the space between my legs as I gently lowered myself, pushing my knees into the couch cushions on either side of her, and positioned myself right above her face. I could see her looking at my sex a few inches away, and I knew she could see and smell how turned on I was. Still, she hesitated... and I saw her look like she was about to say something. Nope!, I shouted in my thoughts, and pushed my crotch down on her face.

I felt her chin and soft lips press against my folds, and I saw her eyes widen. For a second, she just sat there, scared and breathing in through her nose. I knew she had to smell nothing but my heated lust, and it turned me on to make her experience that.

"Come on," I whispered above her. "You'll like it..."

She still made no reaction. I could feel her breathing quicken. I decided to take a guess as to her thoughts.

"You've fantasized about it, haven't you?" I told her, feigning empathy. "Probably with one of your friends... you make out at the bar for attention, sometimes you think about it... and that's why you were so rude to me at the bar, because you were thinking about it... but you'd never admit it."

I saw her look up at me, her face still held down by my crotch. I knew I had her.

"Just let yourself enjoy it."

I put a hand in her sleek blonde hair and pulled her head up a little... her worried eyes tensed, but I felt her mouth open against my shaved, wet skin... and, then, I felt a warm moist muscle slip out tentatively and taste me. She licked around for a minute or two, exploring. Whenever she slowed, I pulled her head in again, and soon I saw the worry in her eyes fade into surprised enjoyment. My little speech had worked! That, or this gorgeous girl wasn't used to being the subservient one, and I'd caught her off guard.

Behind me, I heard Rebecca removing Rachel's pants. Her underwear followed. I turned slightly to share an excited glance with Rebecca, who leaned in to eat out what must undoubtedly have been a perfect pussy. I was a little jealous, but far happier to be dominating her up here.

Rachel moaned under me, and I saw her eyes glaze over as Rebecca went to work. Interestingly, Rachel's tongue grew more insistent as her pleasure grew. I released my hand, and she used the extra space to move her head back and forth to lick more of me. It felt unbelievably wicked - the thought that we'd broken through her defenses and now she was loving it... and it helped that her ministrations were actually starting to reach a good rhythm. A spike of ecstasy hit me as I felt Rebecca place Rachel's hands against my ass cheeks... and the blonde instinctively used them to desperately press my sex into her face.

I felt amazing in every way, sitting there atop a conquest, her mind and body wholly engaged in lesbian sex. The more she liked it, the more it turned me on. I relished the thought that she didn't really have a choice but to like it, what with the way we'd handled her.

I started breathing heavily myself, and her questing tongue sped up in time even as I felt her buck beneath me. Her gently sucking lips started to get clumsy as she approached orgasm, and I reached down to finger myself to compensate. I knew what Rebecca wanted to happen, because I wanted it, too. I timed my sharp, sexual, dark orgasm to happen just as she started to get off, and I came against her face as she thrashed to Rebecca's expert tonguing. We kept her going for almost two minutes as she continued to get off and lick me, until she finally crashed back against the couch.

I stepped back onto the floor, watching the emotions run through her glistening face. She seemed freaked out and deeply satisfied all in one. I still couldn't believe that we had dominated someone so gorgeous, that it was my juices on those full lips and delicate cheekbones. Rebecca came over, still in her jeans, and guided Rachel to the bedroom. She was compliant now, seemingly without will of her own, and she dutifully followed Rebecca onto the bed.

A guiding hand silently instructed her to take off the redhead's jeans, and then brought her face to face with my girlfriend's sex... I tingled with shock at the accidental thought of Rebecca as my girlfriend. I tried to banish the word, but it kept repeating. I decided to focus on Rachel's gorgeous body to distract me... from here I could see her sleek back and her bare round ass, all of which I found incredibly alluring.

Rebecca pointed at something as she laid back and closed her eyes.

"Could you get that?" she asked, panting from Rachel's amateur but energetic licking. "I got it for us."

I opened her closet, and my eyes widened in shock.

"A strap-on?" I asked, mildly mortified. I was never one for toys other than my own personal vibrators... I usually found them kind of ridiculous. Still, the fact that she'd gotten it for us just caused that forbidden word to resound in my thoughts again. I turned to my sadistic side to escape, and a dark urge presented itself. I remembered how Rachel had pissed me off earlier that night. Yeah, this'll do, I told myself. I slid the device on, refusing to feel strange and refusing to think whether this was crossing some sort of lesbian line I'd mentally drawn for myself. This was about revenge, I told myself - just this once.

I walked up next to Rachel as she ate pussy, and grabbed her by the hair to make her suck on the strap-on for a minute. She did it with some alarm, her eyes again worried but excited, then went back to the heated and wet folds in front of her. She wrapped her arms under Rebecca's toned legs to brace herself, and I came up behind her. I could actually feel the heat coming off her sex... that gorgeous ass was so inviting...! And, then, I slid into her.

To my surprise, the pressure against my own sex actually felt great. I'd thought I wouldn't feel anything... I started pushing into her, slowly at first, then quickening. It felt amazing in an entirely new way. Was this what fucking someone felt like? Freaking God, it was good! Still, the best aspect was her insistent moans as I began fucking her harder. I remembered what she had called me earlier.

"Take it, bitch!" I said, shocking myself. I hadn't meant to say that out loud. Rebecca opened her eyes and locked them on me with a wicked grin. I realized that my thrusts were pushing the blonde's face harder into Rebecca, and Rebecca joined in the rhythm with her body.

"Yeah, fuck her!" Rebecca told me, keeping her eyes locked hungrily on mine. I knew she was relishing pushing me further into unexplored territory, but I wasn't about to stop. Rachel's mewling grew more insistent, and I watched her ass and shapely back bounce with my fucking. I shouted some more expletives, and she grew louder. It felt amazing to treat her so rough, considering how she'd acted earlier. I found the total reversal undeniably erotic, and it spurred me to fuck her with all my strength.

It wasn't long before she came again, practically screaming. After one last push to drive home what I'd done to her, I pulled out, and she rolled over, exhausted.

"My turn," Rebecca said excitedly, lifting her legs up as she leaned back against the pillows. I clambered on the bed, my eyes on her glistening and heated sex. I fucked her up against the headboard, finishing her off, her sweaty hands grabbing at my back in ecstasy. I brought her to screaming, too, and didn't let up until she physically pushed me off.

"Oh, you are the best girlfriend ever," she breathed, exhausted. That word hit me again, and I took the strap-on off, my emotions conflicted. This went way farther than I intended it to, like it always did with her... 

We left Rachel on the end of the bed where she'd passed out, and we laid in a tangled naked mass on the other end. I hinted that I wanted to get off again, but Rebecca didn't seem to get the hint and headed off to the bathroom. I caught my breath, thinking about all that had happened... and spontaneously woke up at what turned out to be five in the morning. I slipped away from the sleeping girls to hit up the bathroom... and saw Rebecca's phone on the floor. I took it with me.

In it, I found the expected text messages to her boyfriend about what we'd done, and even a twenty minute phone call. Had she had phone sex while I slept? My heart chilled at that, but froze completely when I found picture messages. There were naked pictures of the passed out Rachel, sent to her boyfriend and a few numbers I didn't recognize. The text to those numbers was thanks for your help tonight, here's what I promised. We fucked her good!

I almost saw red. No wonder those guys had helped us... Rebecca had promised them this. She wasn't just manipulative... she was downright goddamned evil! I had trouble swallowing, and my heart pounded painfully. I felt angry, but was it because of what she'd done, or how I felt even more betrayed? And what could I do? It was too late to stop the pictures... for now, I put her phone back where I found it, and went to the bed with a new hardness in my heart.

Still, my predatory instinct was a satisfied companion as I fell asleep, my last sight that gorgeous body that I'd thoroughly dominated and fucked. I felt... victorious. I knew what I wanted - I wanted that same feeling of control and conquest over Rebecca. Now I just needed to figure out how...