 For a few weeks, things started to stabilize. I found some excuse to stay at Rebecca's apartment almost every night, and Jennifer found some excuse to come visit me after class every day or two. I kept trying to rationalize what was going on, telling myself that my time with Rebecca was only about sex... but a few days into this new pattern, things cooled off physically between me and her drastically. Whenever I brought up the possibility of sex, Rebecca seemed almost uninterested.

I was pretty sure, even then, that her disinterest was related to the wall I'd hit with Jennifer. Every day or two, Jennifer would call me with some thinly disguised excuse, and she'd come over to my apartment. Sometimes, I'd wake up at Rebecca's late, and have to rush over to my own apartment, so that Jennifer wouldn't start to get suspicious. Each time she came over, Jennifer and I would make silly small talk for a few minutes, and then end up fingering each other. Soon after that, she'd find another thinly disguised excuse to leave.

After awhile, the excuses and small talk started to fall away, and our get-togethers became almost a habit. Jennifer would call, show up, we'd get each other off without pretense, and off she'd go. The sadistic thrill of control faded for me, because Jennifer absolutely would not do anything more, or anything different, no matter how hard I tried to manipulate her or convince her. After she left, I'd spend my days mostly alone, feeling increasingly empty after each encounter. It was only late at night, when Jennifer had gone home, that Rebecca would text me, and I'd head over to her apartment to hang out and sleep next to her.

That, too, started to make me feel a little bad, even as it made me confused and oddly happy. Hanging out with her at night was really fun -- we'd watch movies, drink a little, talk about school and life -- but every time I brought up sex, she'd immediately shut down or shrug it off. I tried to contain my conflicting feelings as best I could, but it started to get painful.

The longer we went without even anything as simple as kissing, the more attractive she started to seem to me. Sometimes, while watching movies in the dark, I caught myself staring at the soft lines of her neck, or the moist curves of her lips, or the sheen of her sleek red hair, whenever she wasn't looking. The more attracted to her I found myself, the more painful the question repeating in my head became -- 'why aren't you interested in me anymore?'

And then there was that other question, the deeper, darker, more nebulous one -- 'why do I care so much?' Even her laugh, her smile, and the face she made when yawning became attractive to me. I lived every day excited to go see her again, until the pain and confusion of our lack of physical interaction started to eat away at the excitement. I started to make excuses not to see either of them. I watched Rebecca's reactions to each excuse like a hawk, hoping to see any sign of unhappiness -- but, maddeningly, she didn't seem too bothered if I didn't come over. Jennifer, on the other hand, was unhappy by the second or third time I pulled a no-show, and I could tell from her regular text messages that she was growing increasingly frustrated. 

I was growing really depressed about the whole situation. The more my excitement for Rebecca and Jennifer faded, the more I thought about my ex-best friend. I kept wondering where she was, whether she was happy, whether she might still love me, and if she could somehow save me from all of this, if only I could find her. She didn't seem to have a Facebook page -- what the hell, who doesn't have a Facebook page? -- and nobody I talked to from 'the good old days' had heard from her in awhile. Had she 'pulled a hippie,' and gone to some third world country to build houses for the poor or something? If anyone would have done that, it would have been her.

I really felt like I was about to bottom out in depression, when something happened that suddenly jolted me back into the positive realms of emotion. I hadn't heard from Jennifer in almost a week, and, despite my now almost overwhelming attraction to Rebecca, had hardly had more than a shallow passing conversation with her in awhile. I wished that I had something to grab Rebecca's attention with again, and, surprisingly, I got it. A simple kernel of excitement showed up on my phone.

It was a text from Jennifer, stating, quite clearly, that she was 'desperate,' that I couldn't 'leave her hanging like this,' and, most importantly, that she would 'do anything' to continue our little rituals. 'Do anything' -- now that was a powerful phrase. It almost instantly sparked my imagination. When I read that text message, I smiled, because I knew that things were about to look up. I dialed Rebecca's number, a simple but exciting plan already forming in my thoughts.

*****

I was ecstatic when Kira finally said I could come over. It had been a few weeks since I had last had an orgasm by her hand, and, try as I might, I just could not manage to get myself off alone. I tried ignoring her for an entire week, but that only made the pressure build exponentially. Pretty soon, almost every minute of every day, I was walking around thinking about and wanting another orgasm. A whole new world had opened up to me, and then had suddenly been taken away, and I was desperate to have it back again.

I still believed that I just needed to figure out what it was that helped me orgasm, and then I could quit fooling around with girls and go back to the old, safe, quiet me. Before her sudden cold shoulder, Kira and I had fingered each other ten or eleven times. I had almost gotten used to it -- almost started looking forward to it, even. My orgasms had gotten a little better with each encounter, seemingly correlated with my own measure of how skilled I was at getting her off. The better I felt at pleasuring her, the stronger my pleasure was. I had been looking forward to better and better orgasms through practice -- and then, bam, she basically disappeared.

It hadn't taken me long to break down and text her that I would 'do anything' to fool around again. I simply couldn't take the pressure anymore. I had been walking around horny and frustrated for days, and I finally broke after a marathon hour-long masturbation session that still failed to get me off. Exhausted, I had texted her that I was desperate... and she actually said I could come over!

By the time I was getting out of my car near her apartment, I was starting to regret what I had said. All sorts of terrifying images danced through my thoughts as I imagined what she might want me to do. I wonder if she knew just how strongly I felt held hostage. I knew that there was a good chance that she might ask me to... lick her... down there... and I wasn't entirely sure that I could say no.

As I walked up the street to her apartment, I couldn't stop thinking about it. On the one hand, I was terrified, grossed out, and unhappy at the idea of going down on a girl. The idea simply had too many labels and ideas and connotations attached to it for me to accept. On the other hand... we'd fingered each other quite a few times, and it's not like her scent was unpleasant or anything... and my fingers did feel really nice and intimate inside her...

By the time I found myself knocking on her door, I felt high on fear, adrenaline, and excitement. I felt light-headed and buzzed, because I was actually starting to think I might say yes if Kira asked me to go down on her. I would say no at first, and hesitate, and resist, and probably not do it unless she was really, really insistent... but a maelstrom of anxiety and elation filled me at the thought that, a hundred questions and tons of coddling and excuses down the line, if she did everything just right, I might actually say yes...

"Hey, Jennifer!" Kira said happily as she opened the door. "How have you been?"

"Good," I replied, smiling and trying not to seem too light-headed. Kira's cute brown eyes hit my awareness with a thud, almost immediately putting me on the defensive. I had forgotten how cute she was. Her long brown hair was shiny and straightened, and she was wearing a really tight-fitting top. I found myself sneaking glances at her round tits as she led me inside. They were just so... alluring... somehow.

I found myself wondering if she had prettied up so much just for me. At the same time that I found her strangely attractive, I also laughed a little mentally, at the thought that Kira had no idea that I was only interested in one part of her. The thought made me relax a little bit, put me a little less on edge... at least until I walked into the next room with Kira, to find Rebecca sitting in a chair, blindfolded, wearing shorts and a green hoodie with the hood laid back.

Kira put a finger to her lips to indicate silence and looked at me, grinning.

'What the fuck?' I mouthed, not actually making any noise.

'She doesn't know it's you,' Kira replied slowly, mouthing each word silently.

I stood there for several long moments, silent and stunned. All this time, the last few weeks, that Rebecca and I had been hanging out like usual, going shopping, seeing movies, going to clubs, eating lunch between classes -- had she been sneaking off to... to... to fool around with Kira? Rebecca would do way more than me sexually, if so -- so what the hell did that make me to Kira? Some kind of backup in case Rebecca was busy?

I started to feel really hurt and angry. I had a crush on Rebecca, sure, and it tortured me whenever we hung out, but I thought I had been fighting it pretty well. I thought I had been avoiding messing with any feelings for girls by practicing with Kira, someone who, well... wasn't Rebecca... but now... I didn't know what to think. I angrily threw out the mental possibility of going down on Kira any time soon. Not after this. I was about to turn and leave, hurt, when Kira held up a piece of paper with a note she had just scrawled on it.

It said: 'I know this is crazy - but it took me a lot to convince Rebecca to come over - I haven't talked to her since we all first met - this is my present to you to make up for falling off the planet for awhile - don't blow it!'

My anger faded almost immediately at her offered explanation. Her words made sense. In fact, I suddenly felt a lot more positively toward Kira. She knew I had a crush on Rebecca, and she'd found a way to well... wow... what exactly did I want to do to Rebecca? I had fingered Rebecca once, that first hesitant time, and the memory had been on my mind ever since every time I fooled around with Kira. Rebecca and I hadn't talked about it, and I was too afraid to say anything, because of my crush on her and our friendship. But with her blindfolded like that ...

I found myself walking over to her slowly. She sat idly on the chair, a heavy strip of cloth covering her eyes, and another binding her hands to the chair. What had Kira said to her to get her here, to do this? It probably didn't take too much convincing, I realized, because Rebecca was kind of a freak... did Rebecca think that just Kira would be here, doing stuff to her? I looked over at Kira with a question, but she had anticipated it, and written another note. She held up the note and pointed at me.

It said: 'She thinks I brought a friend!'

I nodded, understanding. That meant I didn't have to pretend I was Kira, and Rebecca wouldn't think I was her. I was glad at that, without any definite reason why. For her part, Rebecca was waiting rather well, but I could tell she was growing impatient. She kept turning her head, straining to hear the two of us moving around. I looked at Kira, wondering what she wanted to happen, but Kira just shrugged, smiled, and motioned for me to go ahead.

Oh my god, I found myself thinking, this is amazing! I touched Rebecca's leg with my hand, and she jumped a little. I could do anything I wanted to her, without any consequences, without her knowing, without any talk of feelings or a relationship or our friendship... my hand traveled up her toned leg, across her shorts, and touched the zipper of her hoodie. I realized that she wasn't wearing any shirt underneath... she must have known beforehand that her hands would be tied up. A normal shirt would have been impossible to remove while tied up to a chair, but this... biting my lip with excitement, I pulled the zipper down, opening the sides of the hoodie and exposing her bare tummy and bra-covered perky breasts.

Memories of our first and only time together, that first threesome with Kira, came back to me. I remember kissing Rebecca's breasts, licking them, and kissing her tummy a little. I was so fearful then, I hardly did anything unless forced to... but this time would be different.

She even wore a bra that unclipped in the front. Nerves burning with excitement, I unfastened it, my hands immediately finding her bare breasts. I rubbed them, feeling every inch of them, channeling all the frustrated lust I'd fought the last few weeks. God, sometimes, I had almost jumped her right in the mall... this was satisfying... very satisfying.

I kissed each nipple, and licked them until they grew hard, enjoying it because I never got to do it in my sessions with Kira. Her soft skin and solid, perky breasts were really fun to play with... but I soon found the experience lacking. Playing with her breasts just wasn't doing it for me. The reservoir of frustrated lust that had built up in me wanted something else... or something more. I felt her body tense, and her back arch, as I kissed down her tummy halfway, before stopping to unbutton her shorts and pull them down and off.

Something in the back of my mind kept trying to make me see where this was going, but I was too overwhelmed and excited to stop. Nervous and happy energy burned through my every muscle. Returning to between Rebecca's legs, I found that she had worn no panties. I found myself looking at her sex for a second time, surprised to see that she was shaven completely. The small line of red hair that had been there the first time was gone. She was also incredibly turned on -- her lips literally glistened, and her scent was very strong in the air near her. She squirmed in her chair, urging me to continue.

Almost of its own accord, my hand found its way to the area that had had hair before, but was now shaven. I was surprised at how smooth and soft her skin felt. I kept breathing her scent purposefully, finding it almost exactly the same as the first time, but stronger. As I leaned forward, my fingers found their way down to her lips, tracing the glistening moisture that I found so attractive. My face was only a foot or two from her sex -- much closer than any time that I had fooled around with Kira.

I started rubbing her, and slid my middle finger inside her while my other fingers spread upward, framing her clit. She was turned on enough that her clit was already visible, and that thought really spurred me on. I was surprised to find that her insides were a slightly different shape than Kira's. It was obvious, but only hit home when I felt her different folds -- I was exploring a second pussy!

The thought really started to make me feel warm. Heat spread through my mind and body, shrinking my awareness down to just my happy exploring fingers and the new but familiar sex in front of me. I was really sinking into the experience when I was suddenly shocked back into reality by Kira's sudden closeness. She brought another chair forward, her pants already off, and sat next to Rebecca.

My face suddenly started to burn painfully with embarrassment. Had she been watching me? Had she seen how consumed in exploring Rebecca I had gotten? I bit my lip to keep from saying something and revealing who I was to Rebecca. Kira just grinned at me, watching me carefully with her cute brown eyes. She scooted a little closer, placing her legs parallel to Rebecca's, brushing up against her with her knee. I found myself facing two pairs of open female legs, and I looked at Kira in fear, surprise, and embarrassment. I had thought that she was going to do stuff to Rebecca... not have me do stuff to... both of them...

I shook my head, refusing. Kira just grinned in response, and playfully moved her hand near Rebecca, threatening to take off her blindfold. I narrowed my eyes angrily, wondering how I could get out of this. What I had been doing before with Kira was one thing -- just experimenting -- but this was... crazy! And there was nobody to pleasure me while I was doing it! Kira started to touch Rebecca's blindfold, and I finally broke down and put a hand on Kira's thigh. She smiled, and put her hands on mine, guiding it to her center. She then directed my other hand onto Rebecca, and nodded silently that I should continue.

Begrudgingly, I started feeling around, touching the lips of each girl with my separate hands. I felt very mentally off balance, but kept telling myself that I didn't really have a choice. I slid a finger into Kira with my right hand, feeling her familiar slickness grasp against my skin. Then, I started rubbing Rebecca's clit with the palm of my left hand, which was a little harder to use than my right.

"I really wish I knew who you were," Rebecca said suddenly, sighing and smiling. Shocked, I stared up at her, making sure her blindfold was on tight. "You're really good at this..."

Her compliment made me burn a little mentally, in a good way. The warmth and heat started returning as I thought about how good I was at making pussies feel good with my hands. I decided to see just how good I could do it, even doing two at once, and adjusted my left hand to rub and finger both Rebecca and Kira at the same time.

I found myself actually really starting to have fun. I just kneeled there, leaning against their knees, hands rubbing up and down and in and out, fingers covered in slick female wetness. I started to smell Kira's scent, too, and the combination of her and Rebecca's scents made me feel light-headed. My eyes jumped back and forth between their two pussies, trying to take in every detail of this insane activity. I really started to get excited and into it when they both started breathing heavy and gasping a little. Something about two girls gasping in pleasure... it was indescribable.

I worked their clits faster and more rhythmically, keeping Kira's a little slower, managing their pleasure levels, until I finally managed to make them both orgasm at the same time. Kira's body bucked forward and she moaned softly, while Rebecca arched her back against the chair, pressing her sex against my wet rubbing hand, gasping and breathing hard.

"God you're amazing!" she breathed, collapsing into the chair. I already felt encased in a sphere of heady warmth by that point, and her compliment made me feel practically drunk with excitement and amazement. I stared at my glistening hands, smelling both girls all over them. It dawned on me that I had done all of that without anyone pleasuring me during it... I felt the area below my waist throbbing with tension, but my larger concern was wondering why it was so much fun to get two girls off at once if nobody had been touching me. Before I could come to any conclusions about it, I saw one of Rebecca's hands get loose from her bindings.

'Go, go!' Kira mouthed silently, noticing Rebecca getting loose. Still flushed red from her orgasm, she waved me toward the front door, urging me to get out before Rebecca took off her blindfold and saw me. I quickly left, closing Kira's door softly and practically running down the street to get in my car and hide. She hadn't seen me, I was sure of that. As soon as my fear faded, I felt an intense wash of deep heat flow through me at the thought of what I had just done. Sitting in the front seat of my car, I looked up and down the street. When I saw nobody, I knew something great was about to happen.
