 Jennifer:

I tossed and turned in bed. I knew Kira was out with Rebecca still pretending to be her girlfriend, and I had spent most of the night trying to figure out some way to get Rebecca away from us for good. We'd been friends a long time, and I'd seen Rebecca screw over people many times... I'd just never thought that she would do it to me.

I'd admired her strength, outgoingness, and sexuality, but now I had those things myself, and I was no longer blinded to her true nature. I was definitely worried that she would do something worse to me if I cut ties with her... perhaps spread lies to our mutual friends, or even involve my family.

I kept thinking that I should be worried or jealous about what Kira was doing with Rebecca, but I wasn't bothered at all. Our interactions were great... I was relieved to not have to worry about emotions or a crush like I used to have on Rebecca. That didn't mean I couldn't think about Kira physically, though... and that's what was keeping me awake. Screw it, I decided, and pulled my pants down to relieve my horniness. Pleasuring myself was still so new to me... every time was amazing.

I ran my hands down my body, imagining hers. Sense memories of her soft skin played over my hands, and I brought to mind the heat of her lust and her particular scent. A feeling of extreme positive energy pushed up through me, and I grew incredibly wet. My fingers felt amazing, and I worked myself slowly to build the feeling.

I relished in the mental calm I had now that all my questions and worries about my sexuality were settled. I just loved getting other people off... and now I could enjoy any fantasy I wanted. It just happened to be Kira more often than not... I chalked it up to her being involved in the majority of my sexual experiences.

I floated on gently undulating bliss as I thought about our interplay. I had teased her with the idea that she might someday get me to go down on her, although the thought really put me off for some reason. It was too intimate, too emotional, too... submissive?... for me. It just didn't feel right. I enjoyed the power I felt to work a girl's sex with my hands, to get her off against me... I'd miss half the sensations if I was down there...

And what would it taste like? Was it anything like her scent, which had grown intoxicating to me? Thinking about it pushed me to another plateau of pleasure. I breathed heavily, trying to control myself and manage the sensations. What if I hated going down on her? Would that ruin everything? I decided that I would just never do it. What I'd learned about my own sexuality was working well enough already!

I put my fingers deep in myself and imagined it was her. I let myself go, finally, and soft heat and sharp pleasure washed through me. I put my head back and worked myself for awhile, enjoying my fantasy of her. When it was done, I rolled over in bed, satisfied. I felt so good, and I was excited for what was happening between us... well maybe, under the right circumstances, I'd go down on her... damnit, why couldn't I stop thinking about this?

It hit me that part of the reason I couldn't settle the issue was that nobody had ever gone down on me... I didn't even know what it felt like! I just guessed it was disgusting. Thinking about it piqued my interest, and I was soon horny again, much to my frustration. Still, having a girl eat me out didn't fit with what I'd settled on for my sexuality... maybe I could just call it research? I knew Kira would do it in a heartbeat, but that was too close to home. I liked our energy, and didn't want to change it too fast.

Then, inspiration struck. I suddenly knew a way to get rid of Rebecca and get exactly the experience I wanted.

***

Kira:

"That's a hell of a plan," I told her, surprised that the formerly meek girl had come up with such an ambitious idea. For my part, I had been stumped, and could only think of horrible things to do to Rebecca - like sabotage her birth control. I mean, she wasn't supposed to need it if she was in a relationship with a girl, right? I couldn't do something like that, though... that was seriously evil. Jennifer's idea was a great alternative.

"You sure you can pull off the act?" I asked, secretly enthused by the part that involved her getting eaten out. Did she know that the thought excited me? Knowing us, she probably did.

"Don't worry," Jennifer's voice replied over my cellphone. "I want this problem taken care of even more than you. I can never forgive what she's done. Just be there at the right time."

"Oh, I'll be there, believe me..."

I hung up, only to call Rebecca.

"Hey!" I greeted her cheerily.

"Hey you," she replied, and I could feel her smile on the other end. "What's up?"

"Well, I was thinking..."

"Yeah?"

"I think I'm in love with you," I told her, wincing. I was glad she couldn't see me. I felt a million things at once. She was silent for several long moments.

"I... think I'm in love with you, too," she finally replied, her voice oddly subdued. Those million feelings in me raced around like crazy, and I didn't know what to think, so I just said the words.

"So... can we be... exclusive? Nobody else, at least for awhile? That thing with Rachel was fun, but..."

"Yeah, of course, I agree," she said quickly. "This is good. This is really good."

"Yeah," I told her. "That's all I wanted to say. I have to go, see you tonight?"

"Definitely!"

I said goodbye and hung up, feeling horrible, excited, happy, and angry. What the hell was I supposed to feel about all this? I'd thought it would be easy. Rebecca was a horrible person, shouldn't I completely hate her? I wanted to think more about it, but I knew it was almost time. Jennifer would be heading to Rebecca's place soon.

I shut down my computer before I left. I'd been searching for my old best friend, but I hadn't been able to find her online for the longest time.

I'd finally found her earlier that day, and I'd realized why it had been so hard to find her. She'd changed her name. She'd gotten married. It was only eight or nine months ago that we'd had that drunken threesome with a random girl from a bar, she'd confessed her love to me, and I'd screwed it all up... and she was already married? This whole time I'd had this idea that somehow...

I refused to think about it, and got up to go to Rebecca's, already angry and twisted up inside.

***

Jennifer:

I knocked on Rebecca's door, took a deep breath, and steeled myself for what I had to do. The pounding of my heart felt tremendously heavy... but I was turned on, too. The conflicting emotions gave me a strange sense of focus. I was apprehensive and powerfully excited for the next few minutes.

"Hey, what's up?" Rebecca asked after she opened the door. I couldn't help but look at her lips as I replied, and wonder where they might be soon...

"Oh, nothing..."

I walked in, and she closed the door behind her. I think she could tell something was different. Her wary green eyes watched me with intent curiosity.

"Something on your mind?" she asked, almost seeming... amused. Had she guessed I would eventually show up flustered and horny like this? There was no way she knew how far her plans had gone awry, though...

"Yeah, it's..." I stammered. "You and Kira... and everything..."

"Yes?"

I shook my head to clear my thoughts. Come on, Jennifer! Rebecca and I had hung out as friends since that first threesome, but I knew that she knew about my secret fingering sessions with Kira, and the time I'd gotten them both off while she'd been blindfolded. I realized I didn't need the lead-in at all. Right.

"I want to do it," I said, skipping the elaborate story I'd planned. "It's all I can think about. I just keep fantasizing about it constantly!"

She smiled knowingly, and took a step closer.

"What exactly are you fantasizing about?"

I looked down and to the right, feigning embarrassment.

"You know... going further..."

She took another step closer, and her smile grew more predatory.

"Exactly how much further?" she pressed.

"Well... all the way..." I said, sheepish. I knew that it was what she'd wanted from the very start, to dominate me and make me do sexual things that the old sheltered me would never have done. "I want to go down on a girl..."

"A girl?" she asked, now standing right in my face. I knew what to say.

"You..." I told her, acting defeated. "I want to go down on you..."

She locked eyes with me then, her smile broad with victory, and she leaned in to kiss me... but then seemed to think better of it. Her lithe arms came up to my shoulders and pushed me down to my knees. I let myself come to a kneeling position, my head right at her belt level. She undid her belt and threw it across the room, then took off her pants, excited all the while. She stood in front of me, my face inches away from her panties.

What time was it? I had to get this under control. I was really close to having to actually go down on her! She pulled my head close and I let myself breathe in her scent. It was still faint, as she'd just started getting horny, but I'd missed it. Why not do it? It would be so warm and mind-encompassing, like how my world shrank when I got girls off with my hands, but even better...

"Wait," I said, thinking of Kira. "I've never had anyone do it to me."

"I remember," Rebecca said, recalling our conversations before any of this began. I realized then that it was probably my total sexual inexperience that'd made me such a prime target for her.

"Would you show me how it's done first?" I said meekly, looking up her body to lock eyes with her. I gazed back at the insatiable hunger I could see there, feigning vulnerability. There was no way she could resist. She nodded.

I backed onto her sofa, careful not to seem too self-assured. In moments, I had my pants off. I hadn't worn any underwear, and I could see her pleasant surprise at that. Her toned arms slid along my legs as she kneeled between them, then pushed them apart forcefully. I drew a sharp breath involuntarily, but it played perfectly into my role. My heart was pounding so furiously that I thought I might explode... her eyes were on me, relishing in what she'd brought me to.

She kissed slowly around my upper thighs, grinning. I knew what she wanted.

"Please..." I whispered. "I want it so bad..."

She tossed her head to get her red hair out of the way... so that I could see better. She wanted me to watch. I held my breath as she moved in, suddenly wishing I could call this all off, suddenly terrified... and then her lips parted, and her tongue touched me. I shivered at the completely new sensation. At first, it was just - oh my god! The first pulse of pleasure hit me, and I jumped.

Damn, it felt amazing! She licked up the entire length of my lips, and I jumped again. She lifted her tongue for a second to lick her lips and wet them more, and it hit me... my best friend was licking my pussy! Her soft mouth went to work on me, her tongue working my inner folds and her lips brushing my clit. It blew my mind to think that a girl was tongue-deep in my sex... my wetness... and it felt so amazing... my vision blurred, but I kept watching her. The sight of her down there working on me was erotic as hell. I had some inkling, then, of what it was Kira and Rebecca had been after from me.

She placed her lips on my clit and sucked gently. My legs twitched, and I struggled to keep control. Even as empty as it felt without the positive connection I had with Kira, Rebecca's tongue was unbelievable. I felt a massive orgasm coming... and then she stopped. Her fingers came up, and I sucked on them for a moment before she brought them down to slide inside me. Her tongue rolled across my clit again as her fingers rubbed my G spot... it drove me practically wild!

All I could think was that yes, my god, I wanted this... I wanted this so bad... I wanted to get off against her face, get off from her warm mouth! Not just her, either... god, sex with girls... the urge was wordless, but I... just wanted more like that, as much as I could get... I thrashed with an explosive orgasm as Rebecca held my legs tight and kept licking. I felt a body-filling release... and a few moments later my vision returned. Rebecca leaned back on her knees, smugly satisfied with her work. Her mouth and chest were soaked... she'd made me squirt! I was too overwhelmed and exhausted from the best orgasm of my life so far to be embarrassed. 

I could see the hunger in Rebecca's eyes again, now intent on me going down on her, her long-sought prize... she moved to stand, but looked over first. Kira stood in the doorway, watching us.