 Kira:

I didn't need to fake the look on my face. Rebecca leapt up, in only her panties and shirt, completely appalled.

"It's... we're..." she stammered. For once, she had no lies. Jennifer slowly stirred on the couch, seemingly in a daze. She was naked from the waist down, and looked soaked. I'd watched the last few minutes of Rebecca's expert oral performance, blazingly turned on but hurt as hell all at the same time.

"Why?" I asked her, my planned words fitting with what I felt. "I came over here to surprise you because of what we just..."

Rebecca looked absolutely mortified. She slid her pants back on while she hastily spoke.

"It's what we've wanted this whole time..." she said weakly.

"I literally just asked you to be exclusive like an hour ago," I said loudly, angry with a righteous fury. I'd completely lost the line between acting and real feelings.

We just screamed at each other for nearly five minutes. I didn't even know what I was saying, or what she was saying.

Finally, we had to pause for breath.

"I... have no explanation... I made a mistake..." she stammered, a hopeless look of fear on her face. "But I do love you. I love you so much, you don't even know!"

"Oh yeah?" I almost shouted. "Fine, then let's see your phone."

"My phone?"

"Just curious," I said aggressively. She handed it to me, looking defeated. I looked through it for a minute, already knowing the contents, then pushed my hair back as if I was thinking about things I couldn't comprehend.

"You sent pictures of Rachel to those guys?" I said after a minute, disgusted.

"I knew it was horrible," Rebecca pleaded. "I just wanted to impress you. I needed their help. You're so amazing, and sexual, and confident, and beautiful, I just..."

I tilted my head, trying to make sense of this completely new picture she was trying to paint.

"And a fucking boyfriend?" I said through gritted teeth.

"I was scared!"

"Scared?"

"Of how much I felt for you!" she shouted. "What am I, a lesbian? I've always had control of myself, knew who I was, then you came along and I... I was terrified, I just did it to have something to..."

I grew even angrier, but now it was directed at this situation, and myself. Our plan had completely imploded. Hot tears ran down my face unbidden. I laughed tearfully.

"Ah damnit, damnit!" I shouted. Had this actually been real to her?

I looked at Jennifer, who was watching wide-eyed from the sofa. She'd slipped her pants back on while Rebecca and I had shouted at each other.

"Come on, Jen," I said quietly.

I looked at Rebecca. She stared back at me with those pleading green eyes.

"God, screw this," I said in confusion. "The worst part is, it makes sense. Maybe you're telling the truth. Maybe you're so good at spinning lies I'll never know. That's the worst part. Maybe you really do love me."

"Stay," she pleaded.

I shook my head forcefully, and my tears scattered everywhere. "If this love makes you do these horrible things to people, then I don't want a part of it," I said flatly, angry and confused beyond expression. I motioned, and Jennifer left with me. I didn't look back as we walked to our cars.

***

Jennifer:

Kira fell backwards onto my bed, still half-crying. She pushed her hair back out of her face. I sat next to her, saying nothing. I knew that the acting and the plan had stopped halfway through that blowout. This was a genuine disaster.

"Holy shit, that was horrible," she said, forlorn. "What did we do?"

I just sighed in agreement. I had lost a best friend, even if she had been horrible and backstabbing. I watched as Kira stood back up and started folding my dirty towels for some reason. She kept shaking her head, too, lost in thought.

I wasn't surprised that she'd come back to my place... I was more surprised at realizing that her and I had a really strong bond now. Maybe the new me didn't even need someone like Rebecca anymore. Maybe the new me needed strong, respectable, great people like Kira.

"You know, it's not even about Rebecca," she suddenly said in a fervor. "Screw her. Screw the things she's done. Screw all her lies. It's whatever. I wasn't even really mad at her."

"Hmm? What was that all about then?" I asked, concerned. "Is everything alright?"

Kira kept folding the towels, and bit her lip.

"Yes. No," she said, flustered. "Remember my best friend? The one that I had a falling out with, that sparked all of this... exploration?"

"Yeah, I remember."

"She got married."

"You're not serious?"

"Two months ago," Kira said, and I could see the emotions welling up in her. "What the hell is that? How does someone do that? What, did she meet him and get married on the second date?"

I'd never seen her like this. It was strange, seeing her vulnerable for the first time.

"I just... I just..." she repeated herself, frustrated. She flailed her arms in the air, trying to articulate the inexpressible.

I stood up and knocked the towels out of her hand. I didn't know what to say, so I gently dragged her down on the bed and wrapped my arms around her. I could feel her silently crying for a few good minutes. I studied the ceiling, wondering what to do. I realized that, with Rebecca as my best friend, I had always had my life run for me by someone else. Now, there wasn't really a wrong answer... not with Kira. So, I just lay there, arms around her.

Apparently, that was the best thing to do, because she seemed to feel better after awhile.

"Thanks," she said, dispelling the quiet with a sad laugh.

I nodded, moving to face her on the pillow.

"Actually," I said after a minute. "Thank you."

"For what?" she asked, sniffling. Her brown eyes flitted up and down, reading my expression.

"For everything. I can't imagine where I'd be now if I'd never met you. Still friends with Rebecca... maybe under her evil control or something."

"Hah, so now you can be under my evil control, is that it?" she asked, smiling.

"Something like that," I said, happy to see her smiling again. "But you're a way better best friend."

She eyed my arms, still around her, and seemed to consider something for a moment.

"Yeah," she replied. "I guess we are best friends. Lord knows nobody else could possibly understand all the things we've been through. This has been nuts, hasn't it?"

I nodded, feeling her hot breath on my face as she spoke.

"It's been insane," I said absently, looking down at her full lips. "But I think we're the better for it. I like where I am right now..."

"Me too..."

And then she was kissing me, her still-wet face pressed against mine. I hesitated at the taste of salt, and she took it as a cue to roll on top of me and kiss me harder. I pulled back for a second to grin at the reminder of how great our interplay could be, and then her hands were running under my back to desperately pull me closer. Things felt different this time, strongly emotional and without worry, like a breeze on a hot summer day... her tongue danced with mine as our hands ran over each other's bodies.

Our shirts and bras came off, and she pulled me up to kiss down my chest. She seemed to relish licking my larger breasts, and cupped them in her hands the way she'd learned that I liked. I enjoyed it, but pushed her back to rub and squeeze her chest the way I'd learned that she liked. Her breathing was heavy, and I could already smell that she was turned on... her sadness a few minutes ago lent insistent need to the press of our bodies. I knew that it was time to cross the line...

She lay back against the pillows, and had me slide her pants off. I wanted to whisper that she was beautiful, because, bared in front of me like that, she really was... but her hands guided mine to her panties. I reached a few fingers under, rubbing her gently.

"Take them off, will you?" she asked in a half-moan. I slid them off, lifting her legs up and then spreading them back out. I kissed just once a few inches above her sex, teasing her, and then brought my fingers in, even though I knew that was just teasing her more. She was soaked, and I could smell her scent... and it was more intoxicating than ever.

"Jennifer..." she said.

"Yeah?" I replied, my voice soft. Her cute brown eyes locked onto mine with blatant need. I would really have done anything for her, but I liked teasing her.

"Please..."

There were no manipulating words this time, no convincing, no control... just our amazing bond. I nodded gently. I leaned in, heart pounding, recalling the mind-blowing orgasm I'd just had earlier from this kind of act... I wanted her to have that. No, I wanted to make her have that. I wanted her to get off like crazy, and this would be even more powerful than just using my hands...

I leaned in between her legs, pausing an inch from her glistening sex. It was beautiful, she was beautiful, and I was wondering how I'd ever feared this so much. I breathed in her scent, rolling the complexity of it in my senses, and I took a moment to enjoy her heat on my face. I looked up one last time, locking eyes with my best friend. She bit her lip and smiled... she'd finally gotten me to do it, even if it wasn't happening the way either of us had expected. I smiled back, warm and happy, and then...

She let out a long, satisfied sigh as I licked pussy for the first time. I took in her taste, marveling at how much I enjoyed it. Her heat and wetness felt so intimate... I explored with my tongue, enjoying every sensation. Like so many times before, my world shrank to just my numbed thoughts, the pussy in front of me, and my tools... but this time, it was my tongue instead of my fingers, and my face was right up in it. I could actually feel her body, feel it as she rolled with the pleasure from my actions... and this time, she was still in my little world... my best friend... and it was all about getting her off.

My tongue insistently found its way to the spots she liked the most. I brought my fingers in to explore this new angle even more... I felt my own lust dripping down my leg as I used two fingers to expose her clit. I felt even happier as I sucked gently on it, and I found that pushing two of my fingers down against the inside of her sex while I sucked drove her wild. She was bucking and writhing in pleasure, but I knew what I wanted...

I curled my fingers upward, like Rebecca had done to me, and stroked her G spot as I sucked. Her legs squeezed my head, but I didn't let up. I wanted to give this girl the best orgasm of her life, and nothing was going to stop me! My thoughts turned to pure heat as I kept sucking and fingering, bringing her right to the edge and then back again until she couldn't take it anymore.

Finally, when she started screaming, I rode her thrashing thighs all the way to orgasm, feeling her walls contract around my fingers, and... yes! A gush of her lust washed down my chin and neck.

After licking my lips clean, my awareness returned... and there I found myself... sweaty, covered in juices... I'd licked pussy, and I'd loved it! I could tell she'd gotten off harder than ever before, and I knew there was no going back now... maybe I was just a girl who liked to get people off... maybe I was just a girl who liked to get girls off... it didn't matter. This was so right, it was sheer heaven. I could feel it... if it was like this... I would never stop wanting to lick pussy.

Kira watched me in dazed awe, panting.

"Utter fucking fantastic is right," she breathed, echoing our amazing sex the other day. I laughed, and surveyed the flushed and incredibly attractive body I'd brought to orgasm. I was satisfied completely, through and through... I moved my legs, and found that I'd been so into it, my knees hurt. Not to mention, my jeans were soaked through with my own juices...

***

Kira:

Nothing had ever felt sweeter. All her barriers had finally come down. I could sense the change in her, the one that had been happening all along. She'd looked so satisfied when she'd been going down on me... and the blissful world of lust I'd seen in her eyes as I'd looked at her, after one of the best orgasms of my life... I had to wonder which one of us had enjoyed it more! For my part, I felt different, too.

There were no longer questions of sexuality or feelings or love and pain, at least not for awhile. I just loved having sex with my best friend, and she loved having it with me. Our bond was... awesome. I could see her soaked jeans, and I wanted nothing more than to get into them. After some playful coaxing, I did... and we spent the rest of the night in various positions, mainly ones where we could both lick each other.

Her sex was amazing to me, and all her little reactions and pleasures seemed like an open book, even the first time I finally got my tongue in her. It was way different than the frenzied lust I'd had with Rebecca, or the awkward threesome I'd had back with my old best friend. Plus, the thought of Jennifer's addiction to licking pussy, and how I'd helped drive her there, was a continual turn on for me. We came to a multitude of sweaty, exhausted, satisfied orgasms that night - and many others. I couldn't help but get lost in lesbian sex with her... it was amazing.

And, to this day, it still is amazing. We're still going strong as of this writing... best friends, the best sex, and we've never been happier.