 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

*****

Lindsey honestly bugged me. She was annoying as fuck with her long blonde hair and her perfect body. I hated her for how perfect she was and for looking like the kind of model I always wished I could be. We had been stepsisters for six painful years and in all that time I had always felt like I wasn't as good as she was. I hated that she always got everything she wanted.

"Modeling is stupid," Lindsey told me as I practiced my catwalking in the kitchen. "It's for girls who can't think clearly and have to rely on their bodies to support the fascist pigs that supply the entertainment industry with enough ammunition to disarm women's self-confidence and make them buy things they don't need."

"What the fuck does that even mean?"

"I rest my case. You're not the brightest girl, Holly. Face it, you're just another piece of meat that men want to sink their dick into."

"That is so gross!" I told her and I grabbed the nearest object, a bagel, and threw it directly at her face. She ducked out of the way, shaking her head.

"I guess I hit a nerve, didn't I Holly?" She laughed heartily and it pissed me off. I hated her so much for being smart, pretty, and the kind of girl that would get all the modeling gigs when she didn't even want them. I wanted them. I had wanted to be a model since I was a little girl. I had starved myself into my version of perfection, searching for something that would make me happy. So far, nothing would. 

There was a knock on the door and we both turned toward it. Lindsey walked over and opened it. It was the guy from down the street that had been stalking Lindsey since he had realized she lived here. She smiled warmly at him, batting her eyelashes like a little slut. She greeted him warmly and offered him a hug.

"Holly is right here. Say hi, Holly!" I waved at the guy and watched as Lindsey worked her magic on him. It made me angry when I saw her flirting with guys. I didn't know why I got so mad. Guys loved her and I wondered how much more sex she was having than me. I hadn't been getting any for the longest time. I hadn't had a boyfriend since I had lost my virginity, years before. I tried to think of how sex had felt and I couldn't even remember it clearly. Why was I horny now? I could feel my pussy aching for something and I tried to tell it to stop but I wondered if it was the guy from down the street. I watched as Lindsey flirted with him and my pussy got wetter and wetter. What was wrong with me?

"Well, we have to go now. I guess we'll see you later," Lindsey called to him, closing the door.

"Bye!" I called to him and he waved desperately at me as Holly shut and locked the door.

"That was rude, Lindsey!"

"You're rude, Holly."

"Don't be a bitch, Lindsey."

"Speaking of bitches, there's something I want to show you upstairs. Follow me!"

"What is it?"

"A surprise, Holly. You know what that means, don't you?" she asked patronizingly.

"Yeah, I get it!" I screamed back as I followed her up the stairs and into her bedroom.

"Okay, I'm only showing this to you because I don't know what it is and I figure you're such a little slut, you probably know." She pulled something from a drawer and my mouth dropped open when I saw it. It was a long, jelly-style dildo that bent easily. It was coiled into a loop and I instantly knew what it was.

"That's a double-sided dildo, Lindsey!"

"A what? You actually know what this is? I knew you were a little slut!" Lindsey uncoiled it. "Well, what do you do with it?" she asked.

"I thought you were the one that was having all the sex! I haven't gotten laid in years," I admitted. "I know because I watched a show about lesbians and there were these girls talking about double-sided dildos so I looked them up online."

"Why were you watching a lesbian show?" Lindsey demanded to know.

"I...um...I don't know..." I didn't have a good answer for this. I had no idea why I had watched a lesbian show. It had been a documentary about lesbians that explained what their day to day lives had been like. I had been fascinated, unable to change the channel or look away.

"Should we try it out?" Lindsey asked?

"Try out the dildo? It's for two people, Lindsey."

"Holly, I'm not stupid. I know it's for two people. I'm asking if you want to try it with me."

"Me and you?"

"Yeah. Me and you."

"But we're sisters!"

"Stepsisters. We're not related and you're not the only one that hasn't gotten laid in ages."

"Wait, Lindsey! You're always flirting with everyone! How can that be?"

"Flirting and fucking are two different things," she moved closer to me and I was shocked when my stepsister kissed me right on the mouth. I let it happen, scared to tell her to stop. I didn't want her to stop. As much as I hated her as a sister, as a lover, I was loving her. Our mouths were hungry, all that pent up desire finally having a place to go. Her arms wrapped around my waist and I wrapped mine around her neck. I pulled her closer to me, allowing my tongue to slip into her mouth. At this moment, she was no longer my stepsister. At this moment she was the girl I was giving myself to and it felt so good.

I knew why I had watched that lesbian show. I knew why this was feeling so good. I just hadn't wanted to admit it to myself. It would have been easier to keep pretending to be straight and not having sex at all than it was to surrender myself to Lindsey that day in her bedroom. He hands wandered all over my body and I let mine do the same, following her lead.

"Lindsey, you feel so good," I moaned into her mouth.

"You do too," she moaned right back. We peeled each other's clothes off until we were wearing nothing but our t-shirts. She pushed me back onto her bed and spread my legs. "I've been wanting to do this since I met you," she admitted as her tongue stroked my pussy for the first time. I let her lick me, loving the way her mouth felt on my pussy. I could feel my whole body shaking as her tongue worked my clit. She knew what she was doing, that much was obvious. She had eaten pussy before. I was scared. I had never eaten pussy before. I'd never done anything lesbian, although I had deeply wanted to. What if Lindsey didn't like what I did with my tongue? What if I wasn't good enough?

"I don't think I can do this," I tried to get out of the situation before I embarrassed myself.

"You're going to do it, Holly. You said you wanted to and now you're in this." She climbed up onto my pussy and she sat right on my face. "Now you can't go anywhere. I know this is what you want. I see the way you look at me. Now lick my pussy, you lesbian slut!"

"Stop!" I screamed but her pussy covered my mouth so my words were incomprehensible. All I could taste was her. She rubbed her clit all over my tongue and I stuck it out, trying my best to please her. She was right. I really did want this. The way her pussy tasted was amazing and I knew that I was a lesbian for sure as I tasted her. She was cumming on my face and it tasted so fucking good.

"Lick my ass, you slut!" she commanded and she spread open her ass cheeks and served it to my mouth. I let it happen. I licked her asshole for her and I listened to her screams of joy. I liked that I was able to give her that kind of pleasure. She reached down to my pussy and began to finger me. I came hard on her fingers, all the while licking her. We came at the same time, both of us screaming until we were exhausted with our orgasms. She pulled me off of her and held me tightly, kissing my forehead, my cheeks and then my lips. "You're hot, sis," she giggled.

"You're hot too, sis," I giggled back.

"So let's try this," Lindsey grabbed the double-sided dildo. "I've been imagining you and me riding this together since I bought it.

"I thought you found it."

"Oh yeah," she laughed. "I meant when I found it." I knew she was lying and I wondered if she had bought the dildo with me in mind. I hated that she lied all the time but I didn't care at that particular moment as she pushed one end of the dildo into my creamy, wet pussy. I made a noise of shock and surprise and watched as she inserted the other end into herself. We began to writhe on the dildo as we embraced, kissing and cuddling as we found our own unique pleasure from our respective ends of the dildo. We inched closer and closer, our pussies sliding down the dildo until we were almost touching. I was so full of that dildo I knew that I couldn't fit another centimeter into my pussy.

"It's so good," she moaned and I could see the pleasure in her eyes. She was so beautiful when she was experiencing joy. I kissed her pretty, little mouth, knowing that this was a special moment that most sisters would never share. We were lucky that we were stepsisters and that we could get away with this. I watched as my sister came hard on the dildo and I moved my fingers to her clit and rubbed her until she was screaming. This was the most perfect moment and I let it all play out, both of us taking out turns cumming until Lindsey announced that she needed a break.

"I could stay here all day with you," she admitted, "but I have to pee."

"Come back," I begged.

"I will." I watched her walk to the bathroom and I felt a sense of inner peace inside of me. This was what I had been wishing and longing for. All the hatred I'd felt for Lindsey seemed to have melted away. All our sisterly fighting had been lust. Now that we were fucking, all of my jealousy had disappeared. All that remained was a desire that trumped everything else in my life. I didn't care what else was going on. Lindsey was the most important thing. She was my sister, but now she was my lover too. It was deliciously wrong and I couldn't wait to experience more with her. I waited for her to come back to bed, my pussy aching with a desire that I had felt for so many years. Finally, it would be quenched. Finally, I could admit it. I was a lesbian and I was in love with my stepsister, Lindsey. I only hoped that she was in love with me too.