 Stormy was angry. She was on her way home from spending a terrible weekend with her boyfriend. Zack lived 300 miles away from Stormy. Their first weekend together since he started his new job 6 months ago was supposed to be wonderful, romantic, and sex filled. That was not the way it happened. He started the weekend with a nice romantic party of 30 friends. None of which Stormy knew. She overlooked this insensitive indiscretion, until the 10th time she was introduced as Zack's girlfriend and someone replied, "So you are the Rita we have heard so much about. " 

Once alone with Zack, Stormy inquired to who Rita might be. The answer is the reason Stormy left in the middle of the night during a torrential downpour. 

As the anger eased, the pain began. Stormy was now crying as hard as the rain drops hitting the windshield. Before she realized what was happening the car began to lose control. Stormy became immediately alert, but could not control the car on the rain slicked roads. The car started doing a 360 degree spin. When the car came to a stop, Stormy noticed the rain had eased but the car was now in the bar ditch 25 feet from the road. Stormy started the car, which had died somewhere in all the spinning. She put it in drive and pressed the gas, but nothing happened. She tried reverse, with the same horrible results. "Perfect!" Stormy screamed. 

Suddenly there was a tapping on her window. Startled Stormy looked through the wet window to see a figure in a yellow raincoat. Then she heard a female voice asking, "Are you ok?" Tap, tap, tap, "Are you alright?" 

Stormy rolled down her window apprehensively. The female figure removed the hood from her head, revealing long, beautiful, blonde hair. Her face was still in the shadows, but Stormy could tell she was young and beautiful. The figure spoke, "I saw what happened. I was behind you when your car began to hydroplane. Are you ok?"

"Yes... ummm... no... physically I am fine, but my car seems to be stuck. Is there any way you can help me?" Stormy asked. 

"It looks as if your car is knee deep in mud Sugar. More rain is on the way. This will have to wait until morning. I would be glad to give you a dry, warm bed for the night. In the morning my husband can bring you back here and help you get your car unstuck. " 

Stormy was nervous, but knew there was no other solution other than to stay the night in her car, alone. That thought had no appeal to Stormy. 

"My name is Lizbeth. " The figure announced. "My husband and I live a mile from the highway with our two children, Sarah and John. I can understand if you are scared. I would be too. " Lizbeth laughed. This was not just any laugh. The sound sent the most pleasant shiver up Stormy's spine and set her at ease with this stranger. 

Lizbeth helped Stormy get her bag from the trunk of her car. When they reached Lizbeth's truck and opened the doors, the light revealed the ladies were covered in mud. Both of them let out a disgusted sigh and then giggled in unison at each other. Another shiver hit Stormy, this time reaching the very center of her sex. This sensation was a surprise to Stormy. A very pleasant one though. 

On the 5 minute ride to the house, Lizbeth told Stormy a little about herself and her family. Lizbeth was 35 and had been married to Sam for 10 years. They had two children, Sarah 8 and John 6. Lizbeth had been in town visiting her mother before coming home and witnessing Stormy's accident. 

When they reached the house Stormy was pleasantly surprised. The house was more of a quaint country cottage. It was very cute and warm looking. Sam met them at the door with a concerned look on his face. He was a big, hairy, blue collar looking man man. Upon hearing the story, he hugged and kissed his wife and then proceeded to hug Stormy. "I am glad you ladies are ok. Welcome to our home Stormy. Please make yourself comfortable and let us know if you need anything. " Sam told her. Lizbeth had disappeared into the bathroom and came out minutes later wearing what looked to be Sam's velour bath robe. Stormy thought to herself that no one had ever looked more beautiful than this person with wet, blonde hair, no make up, bare legs and feet, standing before her in a robe. Lizbeth smiled sweetly at Stormy and said, "It is your turn Sugar. Everything you need should be there. If you can't find something, just give me a shout. "

Stormy had never enjoyed a shower more than the one she was in now. The hot water cascading down her slender body felt wonderful. The accident, though minor, had left Stormy sore and tense. The adrenaline rush had also left her feeling very horny and in need of satisfaction. Stormy ran her hands over her own body, examining her breasts and hardened nipples. Pinching them lightly and kneading her ample breasts. Moving down her stomach to her hairless mound, Stormy closed her eyes under the water as her fingers probed her own pussy. A quiet moan escaped her as she found herself wet beyond that of the shower water. She began to fuck herself deep with 2 fingers. Using her other hand, Stormy rubbed her clit in circles. Just as her orgasm approached a knock on the door interrupted her personal quest for gratification. 

"Are you ok in there sugar?" Lizbeth asked through the door. 

"Yes, yes I am fine. I will be out in a minute. " Stormy replied. 

When Stormy came out of the bathroom in her t-shirt and shorts the living room was dark except for several candles glowing about the room. In the center of the room, radiated by the candle glow, Lizbeth stood nude. There stood the most beautiful person that Stormy had ever seen. Stormy stood motionless, not sure what to do or say. She had never had these feelings before. She had never had an ache deep inside her groin, like the one she had now, standing here looking at this blonde beauty. Lizbeth's long, flowing, blonde hair was now dry and cascading down her shoulders, barely covering the most beautiful and perfect breasts. Lizbeth's nipples were hugely erect. Her stomach was perfect and flat. Her whole body was lean, muscular, and tan. Her mound was perfectly trimmed for a thong bikini. Lizbeth smiled at Stormy, knowingly. She motioned to Stormy to come to her. Stormy, as if in a trance, moved toward Lizbeth. 

Standing before this naked beauty, Stormy's heart was pounding a rhythm that dead people could hear. Lizbeth then took Stormy's hand, examined it carefully and placed a tender kiss in the palm. Leaning closer to Stormy, in a whisper Lizbeth said, "Do not be afraid. Sam is working the graveyard shift, the kids are fast asleep, and we have all night to explore and pleasure each other. " 

Lizbeth, still holding Stormy's hand, lead her toward the bedroom. This room was also lit only by candle light. Closing the door behind them, Lizbeth turned and backed Stormy up until she was against the side of the bed. Lizbeth ran the back of her hand down Stormy's cheek, down her neck, across her breast, and down to the bottom of her t-shirt. "Lift your arms sugar. " Lizbeth commanded. Without thinking or hesitation Stormy raised her arms, and Lizbeth lifted the t-shirt over Stormy's head, revealing big beautiful breasts with hardened nipples. Stormy could not remember her nipples ever being this hard before. Most certainly she could not remember them aching and begging to be touched by another woman. As the t-shirt fell to the floor, Lizbeth's mouth devoured Stormy's right nipple. Taking it between her teeth, gently pulling it, Lizbeth took the nipple into her mouth with the force of a Hoover. A guttural moan escaped Stormy's lips, but to Stormy it did not sound like it had come from her. It appeared to come from a far off place, not from inside her. All of her senses were alert, sharp, and focused on this blonde beauty standing before her nude, seducing Stormy in a way she had never been or even imagined being seduced before. 

As Lizbeth continued to suck Stormy's nipple her hand began to squeeze and pinch the other breast and nipple. Stormy could not help but run her fingers over Lizbeth's back, shoulder, and through her beautiful hair, caressing this beautiful, strange body as if it were an intimate lover of many years. Stormy could feel the wetness growing between her legs. The ache and throb were becoming stronger and her need more urgent. As if reading her mind, Lizbeth's left hand moved down Stormy's stomach causing yet another shiver to run the length of Stormy's body. Lizbeth's hand moved inside Stormy's shorts and rested on Stormy's hairless mound. Stormy felt like she was being controlled by an outside force. She felt herself spreading her legs, wanting what this strange, beautiful woman was doing to her to continue and progress. 

Lizbeth smiled as she released the right nipple and took the left one between her teeth. Lizbeth managed to push Stormy's shorts over her hips and they too fell to the floor. Lizbeth's hand then began to rub Stormy's wet, aching pussy. Lizbeth's fingers parted Stormy's pussy lips, forcing their way into the inner folds and finding Stormy's engorged clit. Rubbing up and down Stormy's pussy, from her hole to her clit caused a gasp to escape Stormy. Lizbeth rubbed the hard wet nub that would bring Stormy to orgasm very quickly. Sensing Stormy's impending explosion, Lizbeth removed her fingers from that sweet warm place. This caused Stormy to whimper as if in agony. Lizbeth began to suck her fingers that had just been probing Stormy's pussy. This not only intrigued Stormy but excited her. Stormy took Lizbeth's fingers and began to lick and suck them. Tasting her own juices on the fingers of this stranger was the most erotic thing Stormy had experienced thus far in her life. She knew there would be much more to come tonight. 

Stormy taking Lizbeth's fingers pleased Lizbeth very much. Suddenly Lizbeth pushed Stormy down on the bed. Lizbeth turned toward the dresser and pulled something out of the top drawer that Stormy could not see. When Lizbeth turned around she had this enormous dildo strapped to her waist and positioned just over her own pussy. Stormy's emotions went from alarm, to excitement, and back to alarm again. Stormy watched as Lizbeth applied lubrication to the huge dildo. It had to be 10 inches long and very thick. 

Lizbeth asked, "Does this scare you sugar?" To which Stormy shook her head no, and then yes. "Do not worry. I will not hurt you. I will give you the most pleasurable fuck you have ever experienced in your life. This thing vibrates and not only pleases you, but gives me a nice vibration and pressure directly on my clit. " Lizbeth explained. Lizbeth then turned the vibrating dildo on, and started toward Stormy. Moving up between Stormy's legs, Lizbeth began to rub the huge cock all around the outside and then inside of Stormy's hot, wet pussy. Stormy relaxed and watched, thrusting her hips up to meet the head of this cock. Wanting the cock inside her soon, Stormy began to moan and whimper, feeling her orgasm building to a crescendo. Lizbeth then quickly rammed the cock deep inside Stormy's pussy. Stormy then wrapped her legs around Lizbeth's waist. In one thrust the huge dildo filled Stormy farther than she ever thought possible. Stormy screamed and on instinct grabbed for Lizbeth's breasts. Pulling and pinching on the breasts and nipples as Lizbeth fucked her wildly, very hard and deep. Rocking her entire body, Lizbeth thrust the dildo in and out of Stormy's pussy. The vibration of the dildo coursed through both of them. Their bodies tensed and exploded in orgasm. Screaming and moaning they both came together. Their bodies shaking with spasms and relief that orgasm had brought them. Lizbeth did not intend for this to be the end and continued fucking hard and deep inside Stormy's pussy. Stormy could not believe the sensation and immediately her body responded with another orgasm even harder than the first. Stormy was not prone to multiple orgasms and could hardly believe what was happening to her. 

Stormy watched as Lizbeth also came again and then again. Lizbeth finally removed the huge cock from Stormy's pussy, unsnapped the straps and let it fall to the floor. Lizbeth climbed into bed beside Stormy and cuddled up next to her. Taking Stormy's lips, Lizbeth kissed her so lovingly and gently. Their warm naked bodies fitting perfectly together as they lay wrapped in each others arms. Stormy was in awe of what had just taken place. Very satisfied and satiated, Stormy and Lizbeth drifted off to sleep in each others arms.