 Author's note: I want to thank all of you for your enthusiasm regarding Story house ch.1. I'm sorry for the mistakes earlier. I've revised this submission as much as I can. If mistakes still exist I hope you'll not be too harsh on me. And sorry for the late, you know, I'm a lazy lad. *grin*

Keep voting. Comment, negative comments are also welcomed. 

***********************

                    STORY HOUSE ch.2     

Alex saves:

'Three more to go' O'Malley says sipping his black coffee.

'hm mmh' I manage in between my sips.

'You know when the constructions get going on, the over duty fucks our head up. Stand by the road side whole the day long an.... What the fuck! What the HELL is this going on?' O'Malley suddenly exclaims.

My attention diverts from road to O'Malley and following his gaze I look at the electronic monitor that scans the entry of this road. There I see a red point (it suggests a car with more than the optimum speed) is rapidly heading towards us. 

Immediately O'Malley's walky-talky buzzes. He answers, 'code 101 over.'

'One black SUV is heading towards your subway. Block it immediately. I repeat block it, headquarters, over.'

'Yeah! Got it!' he hangs up and looks at me. Now we both know what to do next.

Working for city services is really a pain in ass thing!

We dress ourselves with black racing jackets and racing helmets with in some minutes.

Igniting our racing bike engines we wait by the barricade.

After a couple of minutes I see a black huge SUV is heading with a fucking speed of 150 miles per hour. I can measure by the electronic speedometer the son of a bitch is driving the car at double of the optimum speed.

With in fraction of a second the car bursts the barricade down giving us the signal to follow it. O'Malley takes the right side and I take the driver side to cover the car.

It is one way road, so it provides us sufficient space to take a close look. I signal O'Malley to cover the rear side as I speed up to approach the driver side.

I turn my siren on and in the microphone I yell, 'you're violating road rule. I order you to stop. Police. Stop your vehicle.'

Just then O'Malley communicates via ear bud, 'hey Bradshaw, I guess they have kidnapped someone.'

'What?' now that sucks man!

'Yeah. I assume it's a girl.'

The mirrors of the car then get pulled down and through the window I see a man driving the car wearing a ski mask. Behind him there are four more men in the same ski mask. They are surrounding a brunette holding a gun on her head. But the girl seems unconscious with a white piece of cloth covering her mouth.

I feel my pulse rise with anger. I order O'Malley, 'cover me and contact headquarter to send us back up.'

'They're on their way.'

'How far they are?'

'We need to wait at least 10 minutes.'

'okay! Ask the guards on the either side to pull the bridge and make sure their presence by this side. We're in need of them now.'

'got you.'

'Tell them to clear the 3rd subway. They must be heading that way soon. Now go back. I need both of the car's sides clear for me.'

'What? Are you nuts Bradshaw! They've got guns you moron!'

'No I'm not. Now follow my orders. NOW!'

O'Malley disconnects with disgust.

After five more minutes of chasing my guess seems right as they enter the 3rd subway. It ends up in a bridge which is folding. My plan is that to catch them blocking their path by retracting the bridge.

Suddenly O'Malley chirps in,'they have withdrawn their guards on the other end. They're pulling the bridge too. But the subway is not cleared. Some traffic is till there.'

'How many?'

'Four they say one Double Decker bus, two cabs and an eighteen wheeler truck.'

'Truck's loaded or empty?'

'I'm checking.'

Now I have the time. I slow down my bike a bit and put the silencer into my Magnum. Supporting the bike in one hand I fire the first bullet into the right rear wheel. Second one goes for opposite wheel. 

As the bullets strike the wheels they make the car tremble uncomfortably. I speed up and announce,' I order you to stop immediately. You're violating rules.'

But my rational mind knows what is coming next. 

First bullet makes a loud 'Trinngg' striking onto my leg-guard. Second one passes one millimetre away from my right leg and that reminds me I'm not wearing bullet proofs. As I manage to zigzag the bullets I find we're now at the first end of the bridge.

Just then O'Malley chirps in, 'they inform that the truck is loaded with sand bags.'

'Bull's eye! Order the driver to fix it side wise to block the path before the SUV crosses it.'.'

Just then a bullet burns my left shoulder. 

'awwwhh! Oh fuck!'

'Bradshaw, you're you okay? What happened?'

I clench my teeth, feeling my left arm is numb with pain. I hold my breath for one minute to get control over my adrenalin.

'yeah, I'm okay. Ask them to do what I order.'

I speed up and try hard to zigzag the bullets. Then start firing at the wind shields of the SUV. When the back mirror breaks I see something flying out. Then I find the abducted lady is featuring baldness. That astonishes me. First time when I saw her she was a brunette. That means she was wearing wigs. Or.......

With in fraction of seconds another picture turns up in my mind. I can now remember the last yellow cab came to the subway before O'Malley's walky-talky chirped in. There were two passengers at the backseat, one of them was unconscious. They said they were going to some hospital. I was not in the booth that time. I listened O'Malley clear it to go. Fuck you O'Malley! How they could go to the hospital when they were leaving the town! 

In the middle of my recall I see a back up van pull up. 

I signal the driver to take over as the men from the SUV started shooting at the back up van too.

I contact with O'Malley, 'they said two yellow cabs right? Have they crossed the bridge?'

'No. they will be the last to cross this end.'

'How much time do I have?'

'30seconds I guess.'

As O'Malley informs I see I've reached at last wheels of the truck and it is about to turn right. At some distance I get a glimpse of a yellow cab. If I slow down I'll miss the cab forever. And if I speed up I may get smashed out by the truck. Two options are left. Former leads to defeat latter heads to death. 

I know myself. I always choose die because 'defeat' doesn't belong to my dictionary.

I figure out I have five seconds to cross the truck. By the time I'll be crossing the truck this end of the bridge will be disconnected. So, if I want to catch the cab I have to jump. I'm good. Just bring it on!

'Watch out! The truck is heading towards you. Slow down now.'

I speed up my black angel and wasting 4.9 second I cross the truck. 

'Fucking idiot! Are you trying to kill yourself?'

But this is not the time to get distract. I inhale a sharp breath and with the highest speed of my angel I shier through the slanting bridge. With in two seconds I'm in air.

I float and for a second I feel weight less. I may die any moment. I close my eyes and a face turns up over my closed eyes. There's my Dad, beaming with the pride over me, smiling and patting my shoulder whenever I do these dead jumps. 

The edge of my rear wheel touches the edge of the other end of the bridge and the front portion of the bike slams down on the bridge. Even though the shier pain in my left shoulder I release the breath caught in my throat. Phew! I survive, even in this difficulty.

Some more cruses come from O'Malley. I neglect them as I always do.

'Check 7870, this is the number?'

'Yeah! It's the last one. But what on the fucking the earth you're up to, asshole? Why did you leave the car?'

'That is not our concern idiot. Remind me to kick your ass if I return. Why did you let the last cab go even when it was leaving the city? Actual abducted person is in here, in this car, 7870.'

I disconnect with disgust.

The cab now can't move with much speed because of congestion. I have to catch it without any encounter and that merely is a difficult thing comparing other stuffs I've done today already.

I pull my Magnum again and shoot on the all of four wheels. That makes the car misbalance and bump into the side railing. 

With in second I reach the car and shoot the man on his hand who tries to put his gun out. Then I say ' freeze' as I point my magnum on his head. He seems so totally confused by the suddenness of the situation. That makes me laugh.

The driver of the car is unconscious and the abducted girl is still unconscious but head is flooded with blood.

Casey's duties:

     (1)

'Paging Dr. Miller, we need you at emergency. Please be here as soon as possible.'

I'm in middle of my lunch when the intercom starts buzzing. But nothing should matter when duty calls. I make one last bite on the double cheeseburger and start running towards the emergency. Sweet Jesus! At least today I've got time to eat lunch. I don't know I'll be able to have time for dinner or not.

As I reach to the emergency door, Shelly, one of our faculty nurse hands over the history on the patient,

'Police captured two men and a woman. The unconscious woman has got her right shoulder dislocated. She also has some superficial wounds on her scalp, near her right pterion. We didn't have the chance to go through EEG but the X-ray report is saying she has mild crack on her right parietal.'

She hands me over the X-ray plate. I stand to examine the plate against light. 

'How long she has been unconscious?'

'Police said she was unconscious before the accident happened.'

While this conversation we've reached to the cabin.

I enter the room and my breath is caught into my throat.

What the hell is happened with Christy?

My heart stops beating as I see her flooded with blood. She was covered with tubes, oxygen mask, blood drips. 

'Patient's B.P is low 95/70 and a threat due to foreign material is detected...uh...I'm sorry doc..I forgot to tell you her name. She's...um...' Shelly fumbles with some papers in her hand.

'Christina Miller. I know her.' I start walking towards the bed as I complete my sentence, 'she's my elder sister.'

'I'm so sorry Dr. Miller, as Dr. Walker is not available I ask you.... I'm...... I'm really very sorry.' Her voice is soft.

'Its okay Shelly. Let me check her.'

I try hard to control myself as I sit down next to her. I haven't seen her since that night.

' " put your finger down! And never dare to talk to me like that ever" Mum shout at Christy. 

"you fucking Bitch! I know you're his slut. Why don't you accept that? I point at you. What you're gonna do? You're gonna hit me? Or you'll send me to that jail again? You must have fucked that asshole priest then."

Mum slapped her right on her face. She glared at Mum, anger over pouring through all over her body. I tried to help her stand on her feet but she roughly rejected. I knew she had lost her mind because she was a severe drug addict. We sent her for rehabilitation. Then our father died. She came back home. She kept herself locked for next two days. Never knew what happened and then this night she burst out accusing Mum having an affair with a close friend of Dad.

Christ stood up on her feet and this time her eyes were wet with unshed tears, 'you let him die. Don't you? You knew he had cancer. But you over looked. You didn't want him to live because you wanted to be with that bustard. And you killed him!'

Mum stood there dumb. After a long pause ultimately said, 'if you want you can see his medical file, I'll be more than glad to show you. There isn't a clinic I didn't drag him. He over looked his health because he had to earn money to feed us, feed you. He had the responsibility. And then you passed out with over dose. We sent you to the rehabilitation but you broke out. You'll never know Christy in what hell you made him live. It's better that he escaped ultimately.'

Mum turned and started walking towards door. 

'Mum, where are you going? This is 3 in the morning. Where are you going?' I, the twelve year old daughter ran towards her. 

Mum was already into the car when I reached to her car. She turned towards me, almost chocked in tears for the last time and rushed her car. I returned home but Christy was gone too. I didn't know when morning came. I woke up in searing phone call; Police informed Mum's car was found bumped against some tree. I rushed to the hospital they mentioned but she was declared dead already.' 

That was the last night I saw Christy. I knew she was sending money for my studies and it was a shame for me, because I hated her. I hated her so much that I wished not to see her again in my life. 

But now, when I see her in this bruising, bleeding, ruining condition I can't help the feeling that I had missed her so much all these time. When ever I had sworn that I hated her, I loved her in reality. 

I open the cotton from her bruised scalp and blood covers my hand. I look at her face in watery gaze. She's just like our mother. These golden flakes, the blonde, arched eyebrows, sharp nose, these full lips, and the cute depression on her chin; my heart almost aches as emotions take over me.

Suddenly I feel one hand on my shoulder,' you don't need to operate her, Casey. We have one officer injured too. Go, stitch her.' Frank, my friend cum senior doctor suggests.

I try to convince him but he is firm in his decision,' this is not a proper time Casey. Leave the case for me. And leave'

'But Frank I think......'

'Follow my orders Dr. Miller. Leave'

I give in.

      (2)

I walk back at reception and there I see a very attractive woman talking with other two officers. She is about 5'10'' wearing an off- white shirt tucked in to a pair of blue jeans.

On her left shoulder there is a patch of blood. I approach her, 'Hi, I'm Dr. Miller. I'm informed we have an officer injured here.'

'Yeah. I'm your patient.' She smiles and turns to her companions,' can I catch you sometimes later?'

They leave and she turns back, forwarding her hand, 'hi, I'm Alexis Brown. By the way, how is Christina?'

'Dr. Norman is operating her.' I tell her very comprehensively as I shake the offered hand. 'Follow me to my chamber.'

'Oh it's nothing. It happens occasionally in our line of work.'

I hate this kind of chivalry. I cut in,' follow me.'

She walks in to my cabin. I point a chair and she sits. As I put my sterile gloves on I ask her to open the shirt to access the wounded area. She carefully opens her shirt and I get awestruck. It's not that I haven't seen any well built men or women before. But they felt too bulky to me, junk of muscles, if I'm honest. But this Alexis has really got something. Her skin is next to brown but it has its own glow. Her well muscled broad shoulder blade seems to be powerful but soft with exotic beauty. 

Her olive skin seems to appear red by the injury. As I examine it clears the facts that the wound is superficial, but the tangential impact of the bullet has caused some vessels open. It can cause sepsis afterwards. 

I start the process of stitching her. Midway though the face of Christy with so much blood smeared all over her face turns up. I never talked to her after our mother died because I had cornered her for Mum's death. Every time she came to talk to me I had rejected her with extreme cruelty. Now the time has come when I'm afraid to lose her any moment.

'Hey doc, you're okay?'

I'm snapped out from my delusion and feel tears running down from eyes. 

' I'm sorry' I manage as I erase the tear drops. 

'Hey, it's okay. You don't need to be sorry for that. I know it's a bit emotional to see the skin penetrated by such a screwed up needle like this. As you can assume the amount of pain I'm going through, but I can assure you there is no need to worry because I'm quite pain staking. And........'

I'm surprised with the rubbish she has begun to say. What has occurred to her?

'Shut up!' I order her in some kind of amusement.

She shuts up her mouth but starts stroking her knuckles on the table.

'Are you some runaway freak from mental hospital?' I ask her stopping my work.

' no, I'm not.' she almost glares.

I look at her continuous strokes on table and she realises, 'oops! Sorry.'

After a while she starts again, 'can I look at this doctor?'

'Look at what?'

'At my shoulder, of course. Where else am I supposed to look at?' she says rising her brows.

I say nothing. 

As I walk away to put the needle and other things into wastage box, she stands on her feet and starts wearing her shirt. Immediately yells, 'fuck fuck fuck fuck. It hurts like hell.'

I run to stop her, 'hey stop there. Don't you dare to move your arm an inch! Jesus! You were about to ruin my work.'

Then I help her to put on the shirt. She holds her head really high compared with my 5'5''. God! She smells so good. She must use some cologne. She is really lean and soft but has got strong muscles too. As she looks at me I can see her cut short black and straight hairs carelessly fall upon her forehead. I feel an immediate urge to lift them. I look back at her eyes. She has her own treasures there. Two emerald green soul searching gazes carefully set beneath black eyebrows. I really don't know why but I'm attracted to her. Whoa! What?? 

'You have been crying earlier, mind if I ask why?' she asks in a soft tone, almost like whisper. As if she knows something is bothering me and she cares for that.

I feel lost in her green hypnotising eyes, 'Christina is my elder sister.'

'She is going to be okay. I know. Don't worry about that.'

This breaks the last lock gate of my tears. I'm in desperate need of this assurance and when she gives me, I'm lost.

She grabs my arm and she pulls me toward her, 'hey, its okay. It happens with us sometimes....shhhh.... calm down princess. It's gonna be all right in a while. Don't give in.'

I don't know what is happening. To say the least I don't care. I just do not care that I'm crying my hearts out to an apparent stranger who is hugging me so tightly. I'm feeling reluctant to show the world that I'm strong, I don't need anyone. I'm tired to show that I don't bother about my elder sister, the only blood relative alive in this whole world.

She hugs me tighter as I break down completely into her embrace. She runs her finger into my hairs and ushers continuously soothing words, as if I'm a two year old kid. 

I don't know how long we keep on our intimacy. But it feels like eternity to me when I ultimately separate her from my embrace.

I hung my head down and apologise, 'I'm sorry. I've never been so distressed before and please don't take it in some wrong way. I'm really not this type of crying shit.'

She smiles and assures, 'as I've already said, no need to say sorry about anything. I can really understand your emotions.'

She opens her mouth to say something just then Frank enters after a knock.

' Alex they have been looking for you. And Casey, you can see your sister. She's out of danger now.' He smiles and walks away.

As I look at Alex, she flashes her 1000 watt smile, 'coffee after work then? See ya around.' And without bothering my answer she walks away too.

I've never felt as warm from my core as I feel now.