 A flash of lightning and a loud clap of thunder brought Stormy from her slumber. Disoriented briefly, Stormy had forgotten where she was and who she was with. It took her only a few seconds to recall the events of the past night and who this beauty beside her was. Stormy and Lizbeth were still knotted together with patches of sheet showing here and there between their entangled limbs. Stormy was stiff and tried to move and straighten her legs without waking Lizbeth. Lizbeth stirred and a sleepy moan escaped her sensuous lips, but she did not awaken. Stormy relaxed her body again and looked over the woman sleeping in her arms. Stormy's body stirred with the feelings of passion that had occurred only a few short hours before. She felt the ache begin again deep inside her as she surveyed the nude body of Lizbeth. 

Instinctively Stormy traced Lizbeth's full, pouting lips with the tip of her index finger. Running it around and then over the perfectly shaped, puffy mounds. Stormy then looked down the perfect sleeping body. Her fingers traced a path down Lizbeth's slender neck, doing a figure eight around and between those perfect breasts. Lizbeth stirred briefly then settled again. Stormy placed her palm flat against Lizbeth's chest, feeling her heart pounding. Stormy's own heart was racing beneath her chest, and her breathing was heavy and shallow. 

Removing her hand from its nest between Lizbeth's breasts, Stormy returned to her quiet examination of the sexual nuances of this perfect specimen of womanhood. With the tip of her finger, Stormy started gently making circles around the left nipple. Responding instantly, the nipple became erect. This excited Stormy, causing the wetness between her own legs to grow. Stormy moved her attention to the right nipple. This nipple had started to become hard now without Stormy even touching it. The right nipple was close enough for Stormy to explore with her mouth instead of her fingers. The ache deep inside Stormy was growing, and her need to taste the sweet skin of this angel along with it. Gently Stormy leaned closer, hovering over Lizbeth's chest. Sticking her tongue out, Stormy lightly flicked the tip of Lizbeth's semi-erect nipple. A deep sigh escaped Lizbeth but she lay motionless and fast asleep, or so Stormy thought. Becoming braver, Stormy runs her tongue in circles around the fully erect nipple, before covering it entirely with her mouth. Letting the taste and sensation fill her mouth, Stormy did not move from the nipple. Suddenly Stormy was brought back to reality by fingers running through her mass of auburn hair. 

"Suck it hard sugar." Lizbeth whispered. Obeying, Stormy started sucking the nipple already in her mouth. Pulling away from the breast, Stormy held the nipple in her mouth with an intense suction. Stormy knew this was pleasing Lizbeth by the moans and arch of her body toward Stormy. Feeling more confident, Stormy ran her fingers over the tight, flat stomach of her new found lover. This elicited a small giggle from Lizbeth. Stormy's lips continue to suck the hardened nipple, caressing the tip with her tongue. Stormy's hand continued it's decent to the warm and very wet center of this blonde beauty. 

Resting her hand on the mound of trimmed hair, Stormy gave the pussy one tight squeeze. Releasing the nipple, Stormy looked into the beautiful eyes of Lizbeth. Not a word is said but Stormy knew exactly what Lizbeth wanted. Shifting her body, Stormy straddled Lizbeth's shoulders as she spread Lizbeth's legs revealing her hot and gleaming wet pussy. Both women were ready. Simultaneously they delve into each others very center. Stormy began to rock back and forth over Lizbeth's face. Stormy could feel Lizbeth's tongue moving in and out of her pussy. At the same time Stormy was feasting on the swollen clit of Lizbeth, pulling, biting, and sucking it into her mouth. Stormy knew this was pleasing Lizbeth due to the muffled moans against her own wet pussy. As Lizbeth fucked Stormy with her tongue, Stormy delighted in the taste of another woman's sweet honey pot. Lapping her tongue over the labia minora before engulfing the clit with her mouth again, Stormy continued her hungry attack of Lizbeth's sweet pussy. 

Suddenly Lizbeth was biting roughly on Stormy's swollen clit, causing Stormy to scream out in pain, but also, to Stormy's surprise, this action pleased her. Lizbeth then inserted two fingers deep inside Stormy's very wet pussy. Echoing this movement, Stormy inserted 2 fingers roughly and deeply inside of the hole just below where she continued to gorge on Lizbeth's sweet nub. 

Stormy continued to rock her body back and forth over Lizbeth. Both women screaming, moaning, and fucking each other madly, feeling the orgasm building in her, Stormy removed her fingers from Lizbeth and inserted her tongue. Screaming out, Lizbeth went over the edge taking Stormy with her. Stormy lay over Lizbeth screaming into her pussy as she came over and over again, lapping and sucking the essence from deep inside Lizbeth. Stormy could feel Lizbeth's pussy contracting around her tongue as she had her own orgasm. 

Sated once again the two women lay in each others arms. Kissing each other and enjoying the taste of what they had just done to one another, they fall asleep a mass of sheets, limbs, sweat, and cum. 

Sunlight streaming in the window awoke Stormy. Turning to kiss Lizbeth, she noticed she was alone in the bed. Stretching out and yawning, Stormy felt the soreness from the accident, but also the soreness from a night of love making. I smile of satisfaction crossed over Stormy's face. Rising from the bed, searching for her clothes, Stormy noticed the house was very quiet. Opening the door to the bedroom and peeking out into the living room the smell of fresh coffee hit Stormy's nose. Not a soul was in sight. Clothed now, Stormy moved to the smell of coffee. In the kitchen she noticed her muddy clothes from the night before were clean and neatly folded on the table with a note on top. Picking the note up, Stormy looked out the window and notice her car was now sitting in the drive way. The keys were sitting beside her folded clothes. Looking back at the piece of paper in her hand, the note simply said….."Thank you for a Stormy night."