 The predicted storm for the weekend came in earlier than expected. As Beth ran toward her apartment she got caught in the heavy torrent of freezing rain. She was relieved to have the week behind her and anticipated a boring weekend alone and mostly stuck at home with all the bad weather that was coming her way. The forecast was for continued stormy weather over the weekend. Two of her roommates Maggie and Grace had already left earlier that morning to beat the weather.

Lori her third roommate also made plans to be gone for the weekend but Beth wasn't sure when Lori planned to leave. She was dripping wet and freezing cold when she entered the apartment. The electricity was out, Beth could see a little in the apartment as the early evening brought approaching darkness. She immediately noticed a faint glow from one of the bedrooms and realized Lori must still be home. 

"Hey," Beth yelled as stumbled into the living room to drop her bag. 

"Powers out" Came the reply and Beth smiled at Lori's ability to relay the obvious. 

"You don't say," She yelled back smiling.

"Anymore candles babe?" Beth asked finding her way into her bedroom.

As soon as she closed the door over Beth began stripping out of her wet clothes. 

"The flashlight and candles are in the hall bathroom." Lori shouted.

Having stripped down to her underwear Beth went to retrieved a candle from the bathroom as Lori exited her room to meet her in the hall. 

"Nice ass, babe." Lori winked.

"Thanks." Beth smiled giving her ass a little shake at Lori.

"It's pretty ugly outside. I thought you would be gone by now?" Beth asked heading back to her room to light the candle. 

"Flights are all delayed so I decided it would be too much of a headache to wait at the airport till the morning.

"I should've left this morning like you said I should have." She shrugged trying not to pay too much attention as Beth threw a silk robe on over her underwear.

Beth thought for a moment that Lori had just given her a look but let the thought pass. Lori was just eighteen and the youngest of the four roommates. Beth had just turned twenty and hardly knew Lori. They joked around like friends at times and were just fine with each other as roommates but they never really became close. Beth realized that she wasn't actually sure where home was for Lori. She smiled to herself about how little they knew each other. She felt Lori was hard to read. Beth had heard rumours from the other two roommates that Lori was interested in other girls but never paid too much attention to rumours.

Yet Beth was attractive and figured if the rumours were true then maybe Lori did give her the look. The thoughts seemed silly her and as Lori moved towards the kitchen Beth felt exhausted from the hectic week behind her. 

"That's a drag. Now you're stuck here for sure." Beth said as Lori lit a candle in the kitchen and wondered what she could find to eat that would be good cold. 

"I know it's just us two. Look, the rain's turning to snow. We're not going to be able to leave all weekend. Is Mike going to be back soon?" Lori asked.

"Not until next month," Beth replied pouring milk into a bowl of cold cereal.

"He's due back on the 11th. I seriously can't wait." She sighed.

Mike had been out of the country for over a month now. Beth still spoke to him often by phone but was really missing the sex they used to have when he was here. She was okay for the first week or two but now she masturbated regularly and sometimes she would have phone sex with him. Beth felt some slight disappointment that Lori was still home because she had intended to take a bath, put on a DVD and masturbate to it for at least an hour before going to sleep. Just the thought of the DVD and her plan to masturbate made her nipples harden a little.

Beth sipped some wine with her gourmet dinner of milk and cheerio's as Lori began to drink a little wine too.

"God there's not much to do with the power out," Beth mused. 

"Nope," Lori giggled a little at their situation.

"Just read by candle light" Lori suggested.

"Not a bad idea I guess. I'm going to take a bath. Be good babe." Beth winked at her as she headed for a bath after finishing her cereal.

Lori always thought that masturbating in the bath was a bad idea. Using the shower head felt good, but Lori preferred the feel of her own wetness. She could reliably cum by sliding her fingers into her moist slit and essentially finger fucking her pussy. She preferred this method over toys and even vibrators. A bath made using her own lubrications impossible. She felt impatient that she couldn't just go out and use the couch. She could always do it in her room she supposed but she knew she would certainly hold back for fear of being discovered.

Beth sipped her wine as the bath water finished running. Her frustration was killing her buzz a little as she put the wine on the counter and pulled her panties down. Beth was definitely model material. Maybe not quite tall enough at 5'8" but she was slender with nice firm breasts and a taught ass. Beth's hair was a sandy blond and her face striking with soft attractive features and pouty lips.

Her breasts were not particularly large, but defied gravity nicely in the firmness of her youth. With a barely noticeable tan line which was now fading as months passed since she'd been in the sun. Her small pinkish nipples were slightly protruding in her aroused state. They stood erect at a third of an inch when she was turned on. As Beth slipped into the bath still was feeling frustrated. So she resolved to retire to her room after her bath and muffle her sighs the best she could. 

As Lori lay on the sofa and wondered if Beth had caught her looking at her. She thought Beth was easily the hottest of her three roommates. Lori had only really begun showing interest in other girls this year and so far had had only a few largely unsatisfactory sexual experiences. Recently she had begun fantasizing about Beth who was a stunning girl much more womanly and mature than the girls she had fumbled around with.

Lori was far from unattractive, but until now had not been able to gain the interest of any girls she was really interested in. She was shorter than Beth, about 5'4" with straight dark shoulder length hair and a deep tan complexion from using tanning booths. Her eyes were brown and her face pretty. She had a trim midsection with fairly large breasts proportional to her frame. Her pubic hair was very dark but neatly trimmed.

Her face flushed slightly as she thought of Beth bathing in the other room. Lori was day dreaming about Beth when the sound of the bathroom door jolted her back to reality. She could hear Beth move from the bathroom towards her room. 

"What are you reading?" Came Beth's voice as she walked down the hallway towards Lori's room. 

"Oh..Uh...nothing. I think I dozed off for a second." Lori said all of a flustered.

"You're drunk already you lightweight," Beth joked.

Beth was in her room now with only a towel wrapped around her hiding her modesty. Lori had sounded a little out of it so she thought she could cut loose a little when she masturbated. Beth rummaged through her closet looking for her special little bag of massage oils and other erotica. 

"You're not drunk enough sister" Came the joking reply from Lori.

Lori sounded more awake than Beth had hoped for but she was determined to relieve herself. She placed a bottle of massage oil on the bedside table next to the candle and searched through her bag for some appropriate reading material. Obviously the DVD wouldn't work so she chose a magazine with erotic pictures placing it on the bed. She turned to close the door and shout something to Lori when she was completely taken by surprise by Lori who was standing at the door. 

"OH," Beth said startled and dropping her bag to the floor.

Two magazines and a bottle of lotion spilled out as the bag landed. 

"I brought you some more wine," Lori said quickly sizing up the situation.

"I didn't mean...I thought...uh...here you go" She offered the wine to Beth, who took it and then bent down to gather up the items from the floor. 

"Ummm...thanks...I...I guess you caught me," Beth said sheepishly as she placed the bag in her closet.

She turned and looked at Lori who still stood in the doorway appearing both surprised and maybe, she couldn't place it, maybe aroused? Beth's head was spinning a little from all the wine. She wasn't sure what to do. So she decided she'd wait till later on before pleasuring herself. 

"Let's go sit down," Beth said.

"Give me a second to change." Lori said moving back into the living room feeling a little excited but unsure.

She felt stupid for walking in at that moment but she was so turned on by what she saw. Beth had a bag of lotions and erotic magazines. She was about to masturbate. Lori face was now crimson red and her nipples awoke to attention. Beth exited her room wearing her silk robe again and sat next to Lori. 

"Look. I'm tired. It's been a long week and I'm a little buzzed from the wine...I...Mike's been gone and sometimes I..." She tried to explain.

"You don't have to explain," Lori interrupted.

"I shouldn't have..." Lori began her face even more flushed.

"Look, sometimes I masturbate. Tonight I expected to be alone and I was really in the mood. It's no big deal." Beth had no doubt now that Lori was excited.

She was clearly flushed and looked almost out of breath. Beth also noticed that Lori looked very attractive more so than she had ever thought before. Lori had this soft almost anxious beauty like someone who had waited a long time to see the one she loves.

"It's gotta be the wine" Beth thought to herself feeling more and more attracted to the breathless Lori who seemed more shy and more beautiful with each passing second. 

"I know. You should just go ahead. I understand. Or maybe..." Lori bit her lip at the thought. 

"Maybe what," Beth queried. 

"Look. I know what it's like. Sometimes you just need to have relief." Lori said her voice braking a little at the excitement of the situation.

"You shouldn't let me stop you...I was...uh...I was thinking..." Lori was getting a little tongue tied now.

"Thinking what?" Beth was intrigued.

She felt her heart racing and was still desperate for release. 

"Well...Obviously you can't use the DVD...I mean, with no power. And the magazines, I mean...well, what do you look at usually?" Lori asked.

Beth was so aroused that she felt no sense of her privacy being invaded by Lori's question.

"Where was this going?" Beth wondered. 

"Umm...you know...pictures of naked people pretty much," Beth admitted now feeling out of breath. 

"Well...I just saw the...Ummm...you know, that magazine...and...Well it's mainly naked women...and I thought..." Lori said with a stutter.

"Yeah it is...I mean...well, what were you thinking?" The magazine was actually Mike's but she had used it before.

She did enjoy looking at a woman's naked body when she masturbated. She didn't consider this necessarily out of the ordinary, she just thought that women were more beautiful with their clothes off than men. Their soft curves and inviting skin but somehow the sight of another pussy seemed appropriate as she reverenced her own with the rhythmic penetration of her fingers.

"Well...why don't you look at me?' Came Lori's next question.

The words hit like a thunderbolt. Beth's heart skipped a beat for a moment and her breath laboured audibly.

"You mean...while I...I mean..." Beth said looking at Lori as if she were having a thick moment.

"I mean I'll take my clothes off," Lori explained.

"I would like it if you looked at me. I'll pose however you want. You can relieve yourself that way, I mean, if you want. Haven't you masturbated with a girlfriend before?" Beth never had.

Although she knew other girls did with their friends and had always thought it might be something different and exciting.

"Of course, you know, awhile back," Beth lied.

"Come on, it'll be fun. I mean, it's no big deal," Lori said excitedly as she began to unbutton her shirt.

"You're right. No big deal," Beth lied again.

"I'll get my massage oil." She said again getting up off the sofa and heading towards her bedroom.

When Beth returned to the sofa Lori was slipping off her jeans. Lori then leaned back on the sofa in just her underwear and reached behind to unclasp her bra.

"Whoa," Beth commanded.

"Not so fast honey." Beth said again.

"I want to get started and watch you undress." Beth left her robe in her bedroom and now lay on the love seat opposite Lori. 

Beth placed all the candles on the coffee table to provide enough light. She then took off her bra and leaned back comfortably on the love seat as she placed some oil on the middle of her chest just above her breasts. Then Beth slowly began to massage the oil into her breasts and her skin began to drink it up.

"Now, where were we?" Beth asked.

Lori took the cue and reached behind herself and unclasped her bra. Beth began massaging her breasts in earnest. Using both her hands she pressed and kneaded her breasts paying careful attention to each protruding nipple. Using her index finger and thumb of each hand she pinched her erect nipples and pulled them away from her hard enough to stretch her entire breast before releasing and letting her breasts fall back into place. She then pinched again this time flicking the nipples rapidly. She kept her eyes directly on Lori who had now removed her bra.

Lori's breasts were gorgeous. They were firm and rounded, deeply tanned like the rest of her skin with small brown areolas and strikingly erect nipples at nearly a half inch long. Lori looked into Beth's eyes now with longing. Clearly pleased to display her body and adding to the excitement with the "come-fuck-me-now" expression on her face.

Lori slowly lowered both hands to the waistband of her white panties teasingly hesitating. Arching backward and heaving her breasts as her expression begged Beth to come drink up her body. Beth was now nicely settled working her breasts in perfect rhythm, flicking, pinching, kneading, gasping, rapid and intense with her body beginning to involuntarily lurch slightly at irregular intervals.

"God, this is what I needed. I've been waiting for this." Beth thought with her pelvis now becoming the centre point of her involuntary movements.

"God she looks beautiful. She's making me insane." Lori thought as she playfully dipped her fingers beneath the waistband of her panties invading slightly then withdrawing, and grasping the waistband to pull it down slightly, then releasing and teasing again as she lightly caressed the waistband.

Beth ached as she watched this maddening show. Her pussy now dripping and saturating her cotton panties now drenched in her wetness. Clinging to her lips and outlining clearly a perfect vertical slit guarded by engorged labial flesh. She wanted to see Lori's pussy. At this thought, Beth increased the rhythmic massage of her tits now bordering on abuse as she pressed and pinched the soft flesh of her breasts and nipples. 

"Good lord babe, you're gonna bruise yourself," Lori joked continuing to slip her fingers below her waistband playfully. 

"You're so beautiful," Beth gasped sounding out of breath. 

"You want to see me, don't you?" Lori teased. 

"Ye...Ye...Yes. Yes." Was all Beth could reply breathing heavily.

This time Lori's fingers descended beneath her waistband overlying each hip and her thumb remaining outside catching her waistband as her hands lowered down her sides. Her descending panties now unveiled her naked flesh as she arched back and brought her legs together to facilitate easy removal of her panties. Beth could see a perfect strip of well-groomed dark pubic air appear as the panties descended to mid-thigh level.

Lori rocked backward with her legs pointing to the ceiling displaying her ass completely as her panties were then pushed above her knees. Finally as Beth bent her knees allowing the panties to fall with gravity and catch on her feet, she relaxed her thigh and butt muscles enough that her thighs splayed revealing a perfect vertical cleft with soft mounds of tanned flesh flanking her genital slit. Lori kicked the panties to the floor. Then easing backward seeming to melt into the sofa Lori spread her legs wide.

Beth had a full view now. Lori lay on her back, her firm rounded breasts managing to defy gravity as they protruded upward with erect and defiant nipples pointing to the ceiling. The tan skin of her abdomen with faintly chiselled abdominal muscles creating a flesh roadmap downwards and pointing to her pubic mound. Now horizontal with the trimmed strip of dark hair pointing directly at Beth and just at the lower border of the hair sat the hooded, fleshy apex of her now widened slit, which lay completely vertical splaying into two halves of fleshy mound between her legs.

The hood and soft flesh on each side of her cleft were slightly pinkish and becoming more pink as the flesh collected into soft labial lips forming the borders of the slit. As her flesh extended outward it was becoming a more brownish-tan then finally blending imperceptibly into the tanned flesh of Lori's thighs. Beth's pussy was growing impatient. 

"God, you look good, sweetie," Beth moaned.

Beth now brought her left hand beneath her own waistband quickly finding her clitoris with her index finger. She began to circle the flesh of her clitoris lightly with her finger. 

"Oh no. Let's see it," Lori joked.

Beth left her right breast now briefly, her nipple and flesh now on fire from her constant massaging. She now used both hands to quickly discard her panties. As she lay back reacquiring her clitoris and right breast she spread her legs wide for Lori's viewing pleasure. Lori now had her hands descending to her pelvis. Her right hand now came from beneath her thigh to grasp the outer portion of her labia. Her left hand now descending more directly to pull the flesh above and to the left of her slit now combined the effect opening her cleft and revealing her vaginal orifice. Engorged and deeply pink minor labia and now completely her hooded flesh at the apex of her pussy.

Beth gasped audibly bringing her right hand down to her own pussy and using her index and middle finger to invade her vaginal opening. She worked vigorously on her clit with her left hand while simultaneously penetrating herself in methodical rhythm with her right fingers. Her breasts and nipples were still on fire and aching and she would occasionally remove her dripping fingers to bring her pussy juices to her right nipple, pinching and squeezing it before returning hungrily to her waiting pussy. Lori sighed at the beautiful sight in front of her. Her legs arched wider and her breasts heaved as she stared in longing at the beautiful Beth masturbating just across the room from her.

"Here, let me help," Lori said rising from the sofa and approaching Beth.

Beth felt momentarily uncertain but could hardly protest as she vehemently worked on her pussy and clit. She looked at Lori with both minor protest and deep longing. 

"I've got those, babe," Lori said softly without a hint of joking referring to Beth's breasts.

She then lay next to Beth and brought her right hand to Beth's waiting breasts. She captured her nipple quickly, feeling the moist residue of Beth's pussy juice still bathing the flesh of the breast providing a perfect lubricant. Beth moaned as Lori began to rhythmically work the soft flesh and erect nipple while Beth kept both her hands busy between her legs. 

"Better?" Lori asked moving more quickly and working the flesh of Beth's boobs with greater pressure and vigour.

"Uhhh, yes" Beth moan louder as Lori pressed her naked body against her and leaning closer she brought her mouth to Beth's neck softly kissing her sweat-bathed skin.
