 "I think I'll go for a hike up the mountain a little farther while you boys get the fire going. Carly, want to come with me?" 

The question was directed at my younger brother Josh's girlfriend, who was three years his junior having just turned 18 the week before. Carly and Josh had decided to join me and my boyfriend Brett on our yearly camping trip, and tonight was the first night we'd be spending out in the wilderness. Our tents had already been set up and the guys were getting ready to build the fire we'd be cooking dinner over tonight. After a long day of hiking up the mountain, I needed to take off for a while and relax. I figured Carly needed to do the same, and I was correct when she accepted my invitation.

"Yeah, that sounds like a good idea," Carly replied. We both grabbed our backpacks and took off on the little-used trail that wound its way upward. 

"Be back in an hour or so," I called over my shoulder and winked at Brett as he looked up and waved to the two of us. 

It was strange how well Carly and I had gotten along on this trip so far. We were as different as night and day, with the only thing the two of us having in common being my brother. Carly was seven inches shorter than my 5'9", and she was dark and petite while I was blonde and all legs. Her eyes were a dark chocolate brown and mine a sparkling emerald green. The one thing I envied most about Carly was that she was all curves. My high, firm 34B breasts paled in comparison to her full 36D chest. My job as a personal trainer kept my body lean and muscular, while she was all soft woman. I could definitely see why my brother was so head-over-heels for her.

Carly and I made small talk as we casually followed the trail higher up the mountain. The trees did little to block out the sun, and between the hike and the afternoon sunshine I was getting pretty warm. I made short work of removing my t-shirt as we continued to walk and talk, until I was wearing only a pair of cut-off jean shorts and my bikini top. Carly quickly followed suit until she was dressed in the same. 

As we rounded a corner in the trail I spotted a clearing of sorts in the distance that looked like a good place to rest for a little bit. 

"Hey Carly, why don't we stop and rest for a little bit, and then we can head back," I suggested.

"Okay, Kate. Sounds good to me," Carly replied.

I lead the way off the trail to the clearing I had spotted. It was more like a little hideaway than a clearing really. The trees formed an almost perfect circle around a bed of lush grass and the sun shone down and bathed everything in warm light. It seemed as if we had entered another world as we stepped into the clearing.

There was no way I was going to let sunshine like this pass me by, so I quickly took off my shorts and lay down on my back in my bikini to soak up the rays. I looked up to find Carly standing at the edge of the clearing just staring at me.

"Come on, lay down next to me and take advantage of this sun! It's wonderful. We'll head back in a little while. I'm sure the boys won't miss us if we're gone a little longer," I said to her.

"Um, okay." Carly said and removed her shorts as well. She was wearing a much more conservative bikini than I was, and she laid down next to me on the grass. I closed my eyes again but couldn't fight the feeling that I was being watched. I opened them to find Carly staring at me once again.

"Are you all right?" I asked. "You're just staring at me."

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to, it's just..." she trailed off.

"It's just what? Tell me, Carly. You can be honest with me. What's bothering you?" I said.

"Nothing's bothering me. I was just, um...this is kind of embarrassing for me to say, but I was just admiring you. You've got a great body. I only wish mine was as perfect as yours."

I kind of chuckled when she said this. If only she knew that it was her body that I envied. 

"That's all that's bothering you? I'm flattered Carly."

"Well, um, that's not all," she said and cleared her throat. "It's just that, well, seeing you laying there in the sun, I, well....I was kind of attracted to you. You're so pretty."

I chuckled again and rolled over to face her. "That's certainly nothing to be embarrassed about, Carly. To tell the truth, I think you have a fabulous body. I'd kill for curves like yours. And to be completely honest with you, I've admired your body secretly a time or two," I confessed. I saw that this brought a sudden flush of color to her face and I knew then that the innocence she exuded was no act. 

"Carly, can I ask you something?" I queried.

"Yes, anything!" she said.

"You've never been with another woman, have you?" "No, no I never have. I've always been curious, but...Have you?" she asked.

"Yes, once when I was in college. But that's another story. How far have you gone with a man then?" I asked, trying to figure out exactly how innocent she was. 

"Not very far. Your brother's the only boy I've ever dated, and we haven't done hardly anything at all. We've kissed, of course, and he's touched my breasts, but that's all." 

I smiled at her answer. Carly was a virgin in every sense of the word, and her inexperience was suddenly like a strong aphrodisiac to me. I knew then that I wanted to be the first to introduce Carly to pleasure.

"Come here, Carly," I said and reached out my hand to help her sit up next to me. "Just trust me, okay?" 

She nodded her head and swallowed. I could tell she was nervous about what was going to happen next, and I needed to put her at ease. I reached out and touched my fingertips lightly to her face, brushed her hair back from her neck with my hands, and looked her straight in the eye as my head lowered towards hers and I kissed her softly on the lips. I started slowly at first, just barely brushing my lips with hers until I felt her relax, and then I darted my tongue out to trace the crease of her lips lightly. Without a moment's hesitation she opened her mouth to me and my tongue slowly entered her mouth. I explored her mouth in a slow French kiss and it wasn't long before she was kissing me back completely. My mouth left hers then and I kissed my way across her jaw, around to her ear, down the smooth line of her neck, and then across her collarbone. My arms went around her in an embrace as I did so, and my fingers worked swiftly at the fastening of her bikini top in the back. I caressed her back and shoulders and then slid the straps of the top down and tossed the piece aside. Startled by the air on her skin, Carly made a move to cover herself with her hands but I stopped her.

"No, Carly. Don't hide yourself. You're beautiful. I want to look at you, touch you, taste you. If it will make you feel more comfortable I'll remove my top too."

"Okay," she nodded, and lowered her hands tentatively as she watched me take off my own bright red bikini top. Her gaze immediately went to my breasts and I could tell by the look on her face that she wanted to touch me but was afraid. I reached out for her small hand, guided it to my body, and placed her palm fully upon my breast. I then moved my own hand to lightly caress her larger breast and heard her sharp intake of breath when I did so. Her hand on my chest fell away as I pushed her back to lie on the grass and cupped the fullness of her huge tits in both hands. My thumbs brushed across her nipples, instantly bringing them to taut peaks. I squeezed her lightly and continued my slow exploration as my head lowered and I began to kiss all over her luscious ripe breasts. When my tongue reached out to flick one of her nipples she let out a low moan, and when I sucked that same nipple fully into my mouth she cried out and arched her back up off the ground. I then licked my way over to her other nipple while my fingers explored the aching wet one I had just finished with. 

A couple minutes later when my mouth ceased its sweet torment on her hard, aching nipples Carly gave a little cry of distress and opened her eyes.

"Shhh, love. Be patient." I whispered to her. My hands moved to stroke her sides and hips as I eased her bikini bottoms down her legs. When she was lying completely naked I quickly stripped my own bottoms off and moved to lay back down on my side next to her. I began placing wet openmouthed kisses all along her flat stomach as my hands touched every inch of her calves and thighs. I darted my tongue into her navel and was rewarded by another intake of breath. As I kissed the tops of her legs I moved so that I was kneeling between Carly's thighs. 

My hands gently moved her legs a little farther apart and I lowered my head to kiss the dark curls at the top of her mound. I spread the pink lips of her sex with my fingers as I bent to lick the entire length of her slit. When my tongue found her swollen clit she cried out with pleasure and twined her fingers in my hair to hold me more tightly to her. I licked and nibbled my way down to her wet pussy and lapped up the sweet juices that were dripping from her. My tongue plunged into her cunt over and over as far as it would go. I soon replaced my tongue with one finger and pushed it into her until I felt the thin barrier of her membrane. My God, I thought, she really is a virgin. I withdrew my finger for a brief second and then moved to enter her again, this time with two fingers. I knew what I was about to do would cause her some discomfort, at least at first.

"Carly, this may hurt a little, but it'll soon be over. Just trust me honey." Carly just nodded in response and I kissed her mouth soundly. In one swift motion I plunged both of my fingers up into her and felt the resistance of her hymen give way. I kept my fingers completely still inside of Carly for a few moments to allow her body to become accustomed to the invasion. She was so tight my fingers were being squeezed together. As I felt her relax a little, I began to stroke her inner walls with my two fingers. My head lowered once more and I sucked her clit into my mouth and rolled it around with my tongue. 

"Oh, God, this feels so good," Carly moaned as she writhed in pleasure against my tongue and fingers. Her total abandon turned me on like nothing else and I began to move my fingers in and out of her cunt faster and deeper while still sucking her clit. 

"Yes, yes, harder Kate, harder." Carly begged. I did as she demanded and plunged my fingers into her as deep as they would go. I picked up speed and began to fuck her with both fingers as fast I could go, sensing her climax was near. It took only a couple strokes more until I felt her pussy muscles clench my fingers tighter. I bent my fingers at the knuckles slightly and hit her G-spot perfectly.

"AHHHH!!! I'm coming. God, I'm coming!" Carly screamed as her hips bucked up to meet my fingers. 

When the waves of her orgasm had subsided I withdrew my fingers from her and met her gaze as I licked every drop of her sweet cream from my hand. Carly was spent and could only watch in fascination as one of my hands went up to play with my stiff nipples and the other dipped down to tease my own clit. Carly's total abandon to pleasure had turned me on completely and I now sought my own release. I rubbed my clit in slow circles with one hand as two fingers of the other hand sank into my gaping wet pussy. Carly brought her head up to suck on my nipples as I crammed my fingers in and out of my hot cunt faster and faster. It wasn't long before I was crying out with my own release and I was laying spent beside Carly, both of us naked and gleaming in the sun. 

I sat up suddenly when I remembered how long we'd been gone and that I'd told the guys we'd be back in an hour or so. They'd come looking for us if we didn't get back soon. When Carly and I were both dressed I leaned over and gave her a long, lingering kiss on the lips.

"Next time we'll teach you how to bring me to the same pleasure. I'll have you eating pussy like the pros," I told her.

"Mmmmmm," she said with a grin on her face. "I can hardly wait."

Hand in hand we walked back to camp, both of us dreaming of our next little walk in the woods...