 For a long time, I never knew what to consider home. When I was 17, my parents divorced. Signed the paper and everything. My father took it upon himself to go back to Korea to his family and my mother decided to stay in Michigan: the place we'd spent our entire family life together in. 

Before he left though, my parents agreed it was best if I got to choose where I wanted to live. That was the only time after the divorce they'd ever reached a consensus with each other. They still loved me, I mean of course they did, but it hurt that the two most special people in my world didn't love each other anymore. 

So, I left for Korea and said goodbye to my mom and my friends for the last time. I guess I wanted to watch over my dad. He'd always worn his heart on his sleeves and I knew he needed me more than my mom. She was a tough cookie, that woman. 

At the time, Korea seemed so far away from the little town I lived in in Michigan. I thought that I'd never see anyone again. But when I chose to live with my father, I knew that although a new life awaited me, my old one would still be there. 

I finished the rest of high school in Korea and went on to attend a university for four years with a degree in business. I didn't think about my home back in Michigan often in those day - always busy with studies - but when I turned 23, I thought it was time to see my mother again. 

We had kept in touch all these years of course and face-timed every chance we got, so it wasn't like I hadn't seen her in awhile, but when I finally boarded off the plane and saw her aged but beautiful face once more, I cried like a little child in her arms. 

I was back in Michigan, my birthplace, and it felt so good to be back. 

Dropping my bags onto the porch, I stood up and took in the view of mom's new house. It was smaller and more modern than the old house we used to live in when my parents were still together. I grinned, glad that she was doing great for herself. 

"Are you sure you don't want to find a place of your own?" I turned around to the sweet voice of my mother, Olivia, and smiled. 

"You really didn't miss me, did you?" I joked. 

"Oh stop it, I missed you so much. It's just that you're a grown woman now, don't you want your independence and freedom?" She asked as she stroked my cheek. 

"Mom, I have my freedom here with you. It's been so long since we've lived together and you've no idea how much I missed that." I reassured her. She smiled affectionately and kissed me on the cheek. 

"If there's one thing I appreciate more of your father, it's that you're a sweet talker just like him," she chuckled as she walked into the house with me close behind, "speaking of which, Angie's daughter lives on her own now. Oh gosh, that girl knows how to drive her mother up the wall. Angie was glad she finally left the house." 

I tilted my head, trying to recall that familiar name. "Angie? You mean aunt Angela?" 

"Of course! That old hag never stops dragging me off to the bar to complain about her husband and their sex life."

I grinned to myself as I thought about aunt Angie. I called her aunt, but she was really just a long time friend of my mothers. She'd been there in my childhood and was like a godmother to me. "I'm glad to hear aunt Angie is still as spry as I remember her to be. So, how's Kim doing?" 

"Just fine. Ah," my mom gasped as she climbed the stairs in front of me, "I almost forgot. We're having a dinner party tonight at their house, in celebration of you coming back home. They were so excited when I told them the news. It'll be at eight, so let's get your things unpacked, get some groceries, and get ourselves looking pretty."

I chuckled as she shook her booty, and then up the stairs we went to put my things away. 

Back when my parents were still together, aunt Angie lived just down the street from us. She and her husband Gerald had two daughters and an older son who was already in college at the time. The five of them made up the Riley family. Her oldest daughter, Kim, was my age so it was only natural that we became fast friends. I was seven when we first met. Throughout our school years we were the best of friends, but after I'd left for Korea, we'd lost contact. 

I hadn't talked to her in a long time. Butterflies fluttered in my stomach as I thought about seeing her again at dinner. 

As the night came, it was time for my mother and I to head over to the Riley's house. I didn't want to be overly formal, so I wore a simple blue dress with matching flats and had my long black hair down around my shoulders in loose waves. We arrived at their door and rung the bell and almost immediately, aunt Angie whipped it open with an open mouthed grin. 

"Esther! Oh my gosh, look how gorgeous you are! It's been so long since I've seen you, you're so grown up now!" She exclaimed. "Well come on in, everyone's so excited to see you! You go ahead and sit at the table, I gotta steal your momma for some help in the kitchen." 

We hugged tightly as she let us through and I made small talk about how much I'd missed her before my mother and her went off to the kitchen; leaving me to roam the house. I glanced around and admired how cute the place was. There were family pictures and paintings framed all about the hall I found myself walking in and I smiled at the memory I had with the family. Suddenly, a voice called out to me and I turned around to see Kim popping out of the living room. 

"Well look who decided to come back from across the world." She grinned at me, a half empty beer bottle in hand. 

"Kim, it's been awhile." I smiled. 

"Only six years, right? Got tired of Korea or something?" She bounced off the wall she was leaning on and walked towards me; handing me another bottle I hadn't noticed she was carrying. 

I took it and popped the cap off. "No," I softly chuckled, "Korea is home but so is Michigan. I knew that eventually I would come back, when the time was right. I missed mom and my life here. I missed you, too." 

She rolled her eyes playfully, "oh shut it. We haven't talked since you left, although I don't hold that against you. You know how bad I was about calling, that hasn't changed, so I admit I didn't make the effort either. Still, I'm glad you're here again." 

Taking a sip of the beer, I hugged her tightly and laughed in her ear, "it's good to see you, again. I still consider you my best friend. I'm sorry I never called."

"Like I said, no grudge," she chuckled as she hugged me back, "You're my bestie, no amount of time or distance is gonna change that. And we aren't 17 anymore. Life happens. At least you're back."

We separated and she lightly punched me in the arm in revenge for getting her all mushy. I was glad that Kim was still the same old wild, rebellious, and laid back girl I knew her to be and that we were still cool after all these years. I glanced at her long wavy auburn hair and chuckled to myself, recalling my memory of her back in high school when she still had her hair cut short like a boys. She was getting back at aunt Angie for something at the time, I could remember. 

After we finished catching up with each other, we walked into the dining room with her arm around my shoulders and met Gerald at the table. He was talking to his wife across the room - in vain I might add - who was too busy dancing to the upbeat music they had on. When he saw me, he lifted up his open arms and exclaimed in excitement. 

"Esther! My, my, you've grown to be such a lovely lady!" He beamed. I hugged him and felt the prickle of his stubble on my cheeks. "It's good to see you."

"Thank you, Gerald." I grinned, pulling away. 

"Maybe now with you here, Joanna can finally have a good role model in her life. Kimberly hasn't always been a good influence as we all know." He continued. 

"C'mon dad, give me some credit. I taught her how to shoplift without getting caught, I'm a great fucking big sister." Kim scoffed impishly. 

"Watch your mouth, young lady." Gerald scolded.

I gave Kim a look of shock. "You taught her how to shoplift?"

"Of course not. She was already doing that. I just taught her how to not get caught." She said casually as she sat down at the table. I shook my head and chuckled softly in exasperation. 

Although it'd been six years and changes were bound to happen, this piece of news was surprising. Joanna was Kim's little sister, the youngest of the Riley family, and from I remembered, the most sweetest and innocent little girl. I used to babysit her all the time back in the day. She'd always follow me around and copy my every word and action. My memory of her was pure so I was a little taken aback with all this shoplifting business. 

"Where is Joanna, anyway?" I asked, looking around. 

"Oh, she should be back any minute now," Gerald cleared his throat, "She thinks that now that she's 18, she can come and go as she pleases. The girl was out with friends all day and wouldn't even answer my calls until Angela told her you were coming over today. Said she would be here."

I nodded, satisfied with the answer - not really picking up on the odd detail about her answering her parents and deciding to come because of me - and sat down to chat some more with Gerald and Kim. 

A few minutes passed and the aroma of fresh delicious food began to waft out of the kitchen. Soon after, my mother and aunt Angie appeared with the source of the yummy smell in their hands. Just as they strode out, however, an audible click echoed in the distance as the front door opened and closed. I lifted my head at the clacking of boots on the wood floors and curiously waited for whoever it was to arrive. 

Suddenly, a slim and punkish figure came into view and I almost didn't recognize her with her nose piercing, dyed hair, and blunt makeup, but it was Joanna. 

Aunt Angie was the first to speak as the young girl entered the room. "Joanna, you're late. Say hello to aunt Olivia and Esther and come sit down, please." 

I watched the rebellious looking girl in mild shock, all my sweet memories of the little girl I used to babysit ruined with the image of this young woman. Joanna glanced my way and I gave a polite smile which she ignored. She sauntered around the room and finally sat on the far side of the table. 

"Miss O," Joanna acknowledged flatly. Her voice was low and husky. Then her pale green eyes were on me, "hi, Esther."

Something about the way she said my name brought chills up my spine and goosebumps to crawl all over my skin. Her eyes were intense and her face stoically smug as she stared at me. Then she broke away, glancing down at her plate in boredom as if our eye contact had meant nothing. I gulped, a bit overwhelmed at her transformation. 

Nevertheless, the night continued. We ate and drank and caught up with each other's lives and by the middle of the meal, I was already a bit tipsy. I rubbed my eyes as my mother spoke. 

"So, Kim, how's your job doing? You said you're an exhibit designer, right?"

"Yes. I'm in the middle of another project, actually. This one just might be my favorite one yet, it's a gallery on sex." Kim smirked.

"Now that's enough out of you." Gerald dismissed; causing Kim to snicker loudly. I laughed, remembering just how conservative Gerald was. "What about you, Esther? What've you been up to?" 

"Oh, I'm a digital marketing manager for an online shopping catalog. I promote my company's brand and manage its many social platforms." Questions about my work always amused me, especially coming from older people, because they'd always be so awestruck as if I was talking about futuristic space gadgets.

"Ooh, that sounds exciting!" Aunt Angie exclaimed. See? "That was back in Korea, right? Is it alright for you to be here?" 

"Yes, I've already made the necessary arrangements. I can work from anywhere. All I need is my cell and my laptop to do my job. Occasionally, I may have to visit the office sometimes but it's a rare thing." 

All the while, I could feel Joanna's eyes on me. It made me a tad bit uncomfortable as I tried to ignore her, but no matter what I did, she was looking. I wasn't sure why she was staring so blatantly or why it felt like she wanted to say something but hadn't yet, so I decided to finally address her for the first time that night. 

"Joanna," I called to her, trying not to sound nervous, "it's been a long time, hasn't it? You were only, what, 12 when I left? You've changed so much." 

She gazed at me as she leaned on the table; not saying anything. For a long time it felt like the silence was all there was in the room until she finally spoke. "Yeah, when you left with daddy. Didn't hesitate to pack your bags, did you? Now you're back, pretending like nothing happened." 

I pursed my lips at her harsh words and froze, a little shocked. She lowered her eyes back down at her plate; her expression unchanged while she picked at her food. 

"Joanna, you apologize, right now." Aunt Angie's face was contorted into a disapproving scowl. 

I glanced back at Joanna and noticed her smirk before getting up and looking me straight in the eyes, "sorry, Esther," she kicked her seat back and began to walk out of the room, "I'm done eating." And then she was gone. 

There was an awkward silence that lingered in the air until aunt Angie spoke again. She sighed while giving me an apologetic look, "I'm so sorry, Esther. Gosh, that girl can be so rude. Joanna took your leaving really hard. I think it was around that same time she started acting up and acting out. I guess she still hasn't forgiven you for it, as if it was your fault."

"No, it's ok." I reassured her. I stopped to process all this information. I never knew Joanna had felt that way. 

"Yes, I remember when she would come over all the time just to see if you were back, poor girl." My mom continued. 

Kim patted my back and nodded. "She'll be fine. Just give her some time and she'll come around." 

When we finished the meal, my mother and I thanked the Riley's and said our goodbyes before heading out the door. I exchanged numbers with Kim and she promised she'd take me out sometime soon for a proper besties' get together. I hugged her again for the last time that night and turned around to get in my mom's car. As we drove off, I swear I thought I caught a glimpse of Joanna's silhouette watching me from her bedroom window. 

Life after coming back to Michigan soon calmed down as I settled myself home. It'd been a few weeks since the dinner party with the Riley's and with moving all my things, buying more furniture and a car of my own, and working over the phone, I'd all but forgotten about Joanna's scene with me. 

I'd given a lot of thought about her though, about how she used to be and how she was now. I felt guilty about how she must've felt alone and abandoned when I left. The feeling lingered as I remembered how she would tell me in her little voice how much she loved me, how much I was her favorite, and how Kim was such a meanie. Things of the past that now fed my guilt. 

When I would babysit her, we would have the best of times together. She was such a cutie. We'd play all night long and eat whatever junk food she wanted - which was a secret we kept from her parents of course - until she fell asleep. I would tuck her in bed and kiss her on the forehead good night and in the morning, I'd kiss her again.

I remembered thinking that if I were to ever have a little sister, I would've liked one just like Joanna. 

She must've felt betrayed, I thought. So, I made a mental note in my mind to go see her again when I had the chance. 

It was a warm Monday afternoon when I decided to go for a run. I was a fairly fit woman and liked to jog here and there to maintain my figure. Wearing a black adidas sports bra with a matching pair of multi-colored capris, I decided to jog through town to get a good recollection of my surroundings. 

It was like running through my childhood as I crossed each familiar intersection and passed every unblemished store and park. Everything had remained the same and I smiled at the nostalgia. Suddenly, something caught my eye and I did a double take to see Joanna walking down the opposite sidewalk. 

She was with girl friends and I scrunched up my brows. Glancing at my wristwatch, a disappointed sigh escaped my lips. She was supposed to be in school still. 

I crossed the street and jogged a little ways so that I was right behind her before I called out. "Joanna!" 

She turned around and I zeroed in on the cigarette tucked between her dainty fingers. Her pale green eyes enshrouded by her smoky eye shadow were on me; steady and clear like before. They looked so vivid against her wine red ombré hair. Her ends were stained a faded orange. I took the opportunity to take a closer look at her now that her full body was turned towards me. 

She was shorter, a head shorter, and wearing some kind of gray rock band t-shirt tied in a knot at the front which exposed her belly button quite a bit and high waisted black jean shorts. Her supple thighs looked like they were about to burst from the seams. I cleared my throat, trying to avert my eyes from her risqué wardrobe. 

"Joanna, what are you doing out here? You should be in school. And what are you doing smoking? Do you know how bad that is for you?" 

Her friends snickered and teased her about getting lectured but she remained calm, her stare unwavering. 

"Give me the cigarette," I finally demanded, "and go back to school." 

Then, she spoke with that husky voice of hers, "since when do you care about what I do? Just pretend you didn't see me and carry on, like you have for the last six years." 

"That's unfair, Joanna. I've always cared about you. You and Kim and your parents. Things had to happen the way they did, and I'm sorry I left you behind, I really am. But this isn't the time for that, right now. Give me the cigarette." I demanded again, my open palm between us. 

Her friends laughed and whispered some more like they thought my demands were pointless and that Joanna wouldn't even bat an eye to them, but then they were quiet as she took one last drag and handed me the half burnt cig. I plucked it from her fingers and attempted to say something else, but before I could utter a word, suddenly, she was in my face. Kissing me. 

I gasped at the intrusion which allowed her to blow the smoke into my open mouth as she held my head in place. Her blood red lips were soft but completely disregarded as the bitter smoke filled my throat. I pushed her off of me and coughed which elicited a mocking chuckle from her. 

"Don't tell me what to do. And mind your business, unless you want to get hurt." She said threateningly. I covered my mouth and watched her and her sneering friends turn around and walk away. My heart raced; mixed between fury and shock. She really had become this complete stranger that I knew nothing about. 

A couple of days later, the incident was still on my mind. I was a bit annoyed of course that she'd blown smoke in my face, or more specially, in my mouth, but I wasn't mad anymore. And although she was skipping school and smoking, she was a legal adult. It was more the notion she had of me and around why I left that bothered me. I wanted to clear up the misunderstanding with her and apologize for leaving, but the girl was never home and aunt Angie and Gerald could hardly ever get ahold of her. Kim only got through every once in awhile but whenever I was mentioned, she'd cut the conversation short. 

So here I was at home, writing a chain of emails for work while listening to some of my favorite R&B songs and sipping on a cup of green tea. Mom was out for the evening with aunt Angela and a couple of friends for a "ladies night out" which left me alone to watch the house. In the middle of an email with a coworker, the doorbell suddenly rang. 
