 We were staring into the bright fireplace in front of us. The flames seemed to be performing just for us, swaying back and forth with all the dignity and grace of tiny ballroom dancers. Watching them was almost hypnotic. They gave the otherwise dark room a relaxing glow, filled the room with a feeling of love. Brandy was sitting between my legs, shifting to get more comfortable on the hard floor that lay beneath the tan carpet that filled our bedroom. We had been looking for a place to move in to together for awhile, tonight was our first night in our new place. OUR place, I thought and smiled. 

When the Realtor showed us this house with the fireplace in the master bedroom, Brandy wasted no time pulling me aside and telling me how much she wanted this to be our new home. I was hesitant at first because the rent was a little steep for us. I explained to her that we would really have to cut back on our "entertainment" budget for a few months. That would mean no take out or movies etc., we'd be spending a lot of time at home. She smiled sheepishly at me and with the attractive female Realtor only a few feet away she leaned in and whispered in my ear, "If we lived here I'd make love to you every night in front of this fireplace. Who needs takeout when I'm living with my favorite treat." Then she let her tongue slide out of her mouth and flicked my ear lobe with it. I remember smiling and wishing that the Realtor wasn't in the room cause I would have ravaged Brandy right then and there, she had that kind of affect on me often. Unfortunately the Realtor was there, and it took every ounce of my strength to resist tackling my gorgeous girlfriend. I turned to the Realtor, grinning From ear to ear and simply said, "We'll take it!"

All that seems so long ago now, I thought. The weeks that went past until we moved in to the new place today seemed like months to us. We were anxious to begin our life together, and today, we had done just that. Some of our friends had helped us move our things in. You know what they say, it's always important to have at least one friend with a truck. Even with 6 of us moving things it had still taken us most of the day. We had my apartment and Brandy's apartment to move stuff out of. Granted, Brandy didn't have much left at her apartment. Over the past 6 months most of her stuff had seemed to migrate to my place like birds heading home. She was basically paying rent on her apartment for nothing because we spent every free second together, so one night I just did it. I asked her to move in with me, and the rest as they say , is history. 

Boxes of our stuff were still scattered around the large master bedroom because we never did get around to unpacking tonight. All day she had been teasing me, building up the anticipation for the unbelievable session of love making we just shared. She'd touch me any chance she could get, the second somebody left the room or turned their back, she'd be all over me. Well, maybe not all over me, but she'd kiss me softly or run her finger tips down my arm sending goosebumps up my spine. With Brandy it didn't matter, anything she did lit a fire inside me. Even the way she'd look at me with those big baby blue eyes of hers made my heart melt more then usual today. The whole day was basically like eight hours of foreplay, just waiting for everyone to leave so we could be alone. Alone, together, forever, in OUR place. OUR place.

I reached down and picked up the white sheet that was crumpled beside us on the floor. We really made a mess of this place, I thought and smiled, but it was worth it. I glanced around the room at the usually neatly made bed that we had practically torn apart in our urgency. After everyone left we hadn't wasted any time in ripping each others clothes off as we sought release from the passion that had been building inside us through out the day, and the room showed it. There were pieces of clothing scattered everywhere. I could see Brandy's red lace bra draped over the foot of the bed, and on the floor beneath it were my white cotton panties. Definitely a night I won't ever forget. 

"I never want to leave your arms," Brandy said suddenly. Her voice was filled with emotion and all though I couldn't see her face it sounded as if she were holding back tears. "I feel safe here with you, protected and loved. Promise to hold me like this all night."

"I promise," I said as we sat in front of the fire and I wrapped the sheet around our naked bodies like the cape of one of those super heroes you read about in comics. With her sitting in front of me, and my arms and the sheet wrapped around her, I was filled with the overwhelming urge to protect this woman from everything. Kind of like I had to be a human shield that would save her from anything that would, or ever could, hurt her. That makes me a super hero of sorts, I thought as a small smile passed my lips and I let out a slight laugh. I'm 'Shy One', protector of my lady love and my costume is my birthday suit! I laughed lightly again and shook my head at my silly thoughts. Brandy always called me 'Shy One', not exactly a nickname for a brave super hero but I liked it. She shifted her body and turned her head to look at me. "What are you thinking?" she asked with one corner of her mouth drawn into a sexy smile. When she turned to face the warm fire again I couldn't help but think... She must think I'm crazy.

I wrapped my arms around her tighter from behind, pulling her into a hug without answering her at first. I let one hand slide down and wrap around her waist and with the other I trailed my finger tips up the outside of her body and pulled her hair to one side, away from her neck. She tilted her head slightly to one side, so I leaned in to take advantage of the offer. The sweet, yet subtle, flowery auroma of her perfume filled my nostrils. Every time I smelt the perfume on another woman in a store or an elevator or something of that nature, I couldn't help but think of her and smile. I lowered my face towards my intended target, a lone freckle half way down her neck. My tongue shot out of my mouth like a bullet leaving a gun, I licked the freckle quickly, letting just the tip of my tongue dance over it for a split second. Then, I kissed the same spot as slow and sensual as I could. I repeated the kiss a couple of times and she moaned ever so softly. Suddenly, and unexpectedly, she turned around and faced me. Just as quickly, she pulled me into a deep passionate kiss, exploring my mouth with her tongue. When she finally pulled back from the kiss I caressed her cheek with my hand and smiled . "What was that for?" I inquired with playfulness in my voice, "Not that I'm complaining."

"I want you to tell me," she said. She had turned her body right around to face me now. She was still between my legs, but now she was sitting in a position that had her back on both her knees. The position didn't look very comfortable but I did love the view I was getting because of it. Her naked flesh gleamed with just a hint of sweat from the love we had made not long ago and my eyes were drawn to her beautiful breasts. They were full, they were perky, they were simply perfect. Her large nipples were erect and I wondered if it was the air in the room that had made them that way, or if the attention I had paid her neck just seconds ago that was the culprit. She must have caught me staring at her breasts because she gave me a playful little shove with both hands. "Hey you. My eyes are up here." She joked while pulling my face up to look her in the eyes. "Now come on, tell me what was so funny a moment ago." 

I reached out and took both her hands into mine and stroked the backs of them gently with my thumbs. I was trying to be serious and held back the smile, and inevitable laughter that would surely follow it. The image of me naked and wearing just a sheet for a cape had popped into my head again, it was all I could do to not break out in laughter. I looked deep into her questioning eyes and with a shaky voice spoke, "I just was thinking about how much I love you, and how lucky I am to have you in my life." 

"Liar." she said, laughter in her own voice now. Out of pure playfulness he shoved me again, harder this time. I ended up toppling backwards, the sheet now pinned under me. Within seconds she had crawled on top of me and straddled me, a leg on each side of my waste, and she was poking me intermittently with her index finger like a small child does. You know what I mean, the small child who stands in the toy store poking his mother repeatedly saying, "Can I have this?" over and over again. The only difference was that Brandy was no small child, at 5'10" she stood a full 5 inches taller then me and her phrase of choice was a simple, "Tell me." I was losing my battle to stay composed and finally laughter spilled from me as I tried to free myself from under her by twisting and moving as much as I could. She wouldn't give up though, that wasn't her nature. Whatever Brandy want's, Brandy gets. 

She kept up the poking, which eventually turned to tickling, and for several minutes as I tried to free myself from under her. I was laughing full out now, I couldn't help it. During all my twisting beneath her to get free, and because of the way she was positioned on me, I could feel the soft skin of Brandy's shaved pussy just above mine. Her pussy had gotten wet during this whole wrestling match and I could feel it on my skin. She liked to be in control sometimes and she must have been enjoying torturing me like this. She was turned on by it. I decided to play along and started to wrestle with her more, but now I wasn't really trying to get free. I was enjoying my position beneath the woman I loved, and even her continuos and more insistent 'Tell mes' was cute. Knowing this was turning her on, turned me on. Passion began to fill my body and I struggled less, I wanted to be caught. Brandy did just that. She saw an opportunity and grabbed both my hands in hers and pinned my arms over my head. My laughter subsided and eventually stopped all together. I gave in to her, I let my body go limp under hers. 

She leaned down and kissed my lips softly. Our arms were still stretched out above my head and when she leaned down to kiss me her warm, wet pussy pushed harder against me and her breasts crushed against mine. My clit started to throb as I grew wetter and more turned on by the second. The kiss didn't last long enough for me though, only a few seconds, then she pulled away again. She's determined to tease me and make me beg for it, I thought. I'm not going to give in this time. "Come on," she pleaded, "Tell me what you were thinking. "

"No way! I'll never tell you." I said more forcefully then I intended while trying to get my hands free from her grip. The look on her face changed after those words left my lips, she looked hurt. Shit that didn't come out right, I thought. She released my hands and got up off me without saying anything, now I knew I was in trouble. She walked over to the chair in the corner and grabbed her royal blue silk blue robe off it, pulled it around her and tied it in the front. Her back was to me but I didn't have to see her face to know what she was feeling. I had hurt her feelings, and even though it was completely unintentional, I knew I had to say something. I began to open my mouth to speak when she turned around and her sad eyes pierced me.

"Don't you trust me?" she asked. Her hands were still fidgeting with the tie on the front of her robe. She always fidgets when she's upset. 

"How could you think that?" I asked. I had a bad habit of answering a question with a question at first. I think it's kind of a defense mechanism for me. "I trust you more then anyone, you know that."

"So you trust me with your life but not enough to tell me what you were thinking, is that it? I tell you I feel safe with you and you laugh..." There was more anger in her voice now and she started to storm past me, headed for the bedroom door. I managed to grab her hand as she passed.

"Don't leave, please. Can't we just talk about this?"

"I thought we could talk about anything, obviously I was wrong." She tried to continue walking but I wouldn't let go of her hand. "Just let me go please." I didn't really understand the sudden change in her mood, did she really think I didn't trust her?

"I'm not going to let you leave until we talk about this. We promised to never go to bed angry at each other, remember?" I flashed her my sexiest smile before speaking again, "And besides, how could you stay mad at this face anyway?" I stuck my bottom lip out in a childish pout.

"That's not fair. You know I can't resist that pout." she said softly, and with just a hint of a smile on the corner of her lips. "I just don't understand why you won't tell me. We just made love and it was...well, it was amazing, and now you won't even tell me what you were thinking." 

"It's not that I don't want to tell you," I said shyly. I dropped her hand and looked down at the floor before speaking again, "It's just really embarrassing and I feel like an idiot for even thinking it in the first place. You'll think I'm weird."

Her posture and facial features softened as she sat down in front of me again. She reached her hands out in front of her, palms up and I placed mine in hers and then she spoke. "Honey, I already know your weird, but I love you anyway." She was pleased at herself with the little joke she'd just made and the sparkling white teeth behind her smile showed it. This must be the shortest fight in history, I thought. We never stayed mad at each other that long, and never about anything serious. We really did trust each other, and our love, completely. That we could always count on. I knew whatever else may be going on in our lives at the time, I was always number one with her and vice versa. 

"Well it was just that when I wrapped the sheet around us after you said that you felt safe and protected with me I..." I hesitated trying to find a way of telling her without sounding like a complete moron.

"You what? You can tell me." Brandy said, urging me on.

"Well when I wrapped the sheet around us for some stupid reason I thought of those dumb comic book super heroes... you know, the one's who protect the world from evil."

"Yeah, what about them?" She asked, raising her eyebrows slightly. She seemed confused and I didn't blame her. 

"Your going to think this is so stupid..." I said. I could fell my cheeks growing red with embarrassment already.

"No I won't, really. Go on."

"For a second I thought of myself as one of them. You know, a super hero put on earth to protect you. I even had a name." I laughed at my own stupidity now.

"Really?" Brandy asked while leaning closer to me. "What was it?"

"I was 'Shy One'... a super hero in just a white cape and my birthday suit." I couldn't believe I had just told her that. "I guess you could call it a really short daydream or something. It just struck me as funny. I wasn't laughing at you, I swear. I wouldn't do that."

"I know you wouldn't." She said and dived in to give me a quick peck on the lips. "But, if you ask me it didn't sound like a day dream...." I looked at her with a mix of curiosity and intrigue and waited for her to finish her though, "sounds more like a fantasy. Should I be getting us a Wonder Woman costume?"

"Oh stop it," I said ripping my hands from hers. This time it was my turn to give her a playful shove of my own as I stood up and headed for my own robe that was hanging in the closet. "See, I knew you'd make fun of me."

"Oh honey, I was just kidding." She stood up now and followed me to the large closet beside our bed. "You know I was just kidding right?" For reassurance she wrapped her arms around my waist and pulled me close to her. I could feel the smooth silk of her robe on my back and ass and I liked it. I liked her holding me like that.

I stopped looking for my robe momentarily and placed my hands over hers on my waist. "Yes I know that." I turned my head sideways to meet her in a short kiss. "Suddenly though I'm feeling very under dressed."

I expected her to laugh and help me find my robe when I felt her remove her hands from my body but she didn't. She untied her robe, pulled me closer again and wrapped it around both of us. "Better?" she asked. Her voice had gotten lower, more husky, when she said that. "Now I can be your protector."

I smiled and turned around to face her. "Much better. Thank you."

"Oh it's my pleasure."

I raised my hand to her face, sliding a loose piece of her long hair behind her ear and looked deep into her eyes before speaking. "This is my pleasure..." I ran my hand through her hair and pulled her face to mine. I placed quick pecks on her upper lip, then her lower lip and finally let my tongue run along her bottom lip before I kissed her fully. Her lips were so soft and full, if I could do nothing for the rest of my life but kiss those lips I would be happy. Our tongues danced together in a long session of passionate kisses. As we kissed I walked her backwards towards our king size bed, slowly sliding her robe off her shoulders and to the floor as we moved. We reached the bed and when the back of Brandy's knees hit it she fell down on it, breaking our kiss. For a moment we just looked at each other and then she moved over further on the bed and patted the empty spot beside her for me to get in. I did.

The bed below us was a massive tangle of sheets and blankets. I grabbed a pillow, fluffed it and offered it to Brandy so she could get more comfortable. She was laying perched on one elbow facing me. "No thanks sweetie, you go ahead and use it. I don't need a pillow when I have you."

I wasn't sure what she meant by that, but I bunched the pillow up under my neck and laid on my back beside her looking up at the newly painted ceiling of our room. Everything around us was new, a totally new beginning for us. Completely relaxed I slid my hands behind my head and looked over at her. Brandy scooted over, nestled her head on my chest and placed her arm around my waist. Now I know why she didn't need a pillow, I realized and smiled to myself. I was in heaven, pure and simple. This is as close as I'll ever get to heaven. 

For the greater part of my 24 years I had searched for something to fill the hole that I had inside. I didn't really know what I was searching for, or where to look for it, but I prayed someday I would find it. No matter how well things were going for me I always felt an emptiness I couldn't explain. I could be in a room full of people and feel lonely...until I found her. When I found Brandy I knew I had found the other half of me and I would never let her go. 

"You know," she said laughing, "If you ever want to fulfill that 'super hero' fantasy I look great in spandex outfits."

"You look good in anything cutie, and thank you... but that's not my fantasy."

"So what is your fantasy then?" she asked, trailing the finger nail of her index finger up and down my stomach and chest. "I'll tell you mine if you tell me yours."

"Aren't fantasies supposed to be a secret... I mean otherwise they wouldn't be fantasies right?"

"True," she said, "But what if I could make your fantasy a reality? There's nothing I wouldn't do for you, nothing I wouldn't do to make you happy."

"Nothing you wouldn't do?" I laughed. "You better be careful what you say baby. Besides it was a fantasy for me before I met you." I removed my hands from behind my head and stroked her hair away from her face. "Things are different now. I love you."

"Aww I love you to baby but whatever it is would ever change our relationship. Have we ever let anything come between us?"

"No but..." I started to say when she interrupted me.
