 Each year they swept in, families of various sizes and ages from across the world. They came from the snow swept regions down to the tropics. Families came every year, looking for fun in the sun and to escape the cold winter season. I lived and worked in Aruba and enjoyed life here. The people of the island were tolerant and open minded. It was a great thing since being a butch lesbian could sometimes cause awkward moments.

In any case, I had retired from my day job. I had lived and worked in San Francisco for most of my adult life. When I retired, I took my life savings and moved down to Aruba and started my second life and a new profession. I had always loved the tropics and the ocean especially. So I started my own charter boat business. I made a pretty good living on it. At 58 years old, I was living my dream and enjoying every minute of it.

I learned that winter was a great time for business. The invasion of the families meant lots of work and plenty of fun. I never knew how much business I would get but I always managed to make the most of it. There was an informal gathering for guests of one of the hotels I had a business relationship with. It gave the guests the opportunity to meet the staff and local business people and see what was available to see and do. I made my way to my shop and talked with my staff about the beach party, that would be going on later., I made arrangements with them to get an information booth set up. 

Later at the beach party, guests were coming up inquiring about charters. My crew and I were able to sign some of them up. One family, from Colorado, seemed really nice and were anxious to take a boat tour. I encouraged them to sign up for a three day charter where I would take them scuba diving, reef snorkeling, deep sea fishing and exploring of some of the smaller uninhabited islands. They thought it sounded like fun so we signed them up. There were the parents, Jeff and Cindy, a typical middle aged couple with a teenage son, Kevin and then daddy's little girl, Jessica. She was smoking hot! She had shoulder length brown hair with blond highlights, hazel eyes, tanned skin and tight little body! She looked like the typical all-American college girl.

Later as I scanned the books for the days business when I noticed that I had visitors. It was Kevin and Jessica from Colorado wanting to know what to bring on the charter. I told them just casual beach wear and that I had all they would need. The son was looking over some photos of the area where we would head and Jessica was asking questions about swim gear and if I thought she needed to wear a wet suit over her swimsuit. I said yes and gave her a once over, suddenly thinking how she shouldn't have anything covering that sexy body of hers. She caught me looking her over and smiled. OOPS. She read me and I felt my face get flush. Not cool! I made an excuse to leave and we parted agreeing to meet at the dock around seven the next morning.

The next morning they were there early and we set off on our charter. That day we did some fishing and explored a couple of small islands. In the evening we made shore and cooked up what the father and son had caught fishing. Jessica had been teasing me and my crew all day long. She walked around in her tiny bikini, which left nothing to the imagination. I noticed that she wore a belly button ring, and also a tattoo on her lower back. Jessica liked shaking her firm rounded ass and smiling seductively at me and my crew. It was apparent that she liked to flirt and made attempts to do so every chance she got. This hot young girl had no idea what she was doing or who she was doing it with. I made sure that my crew knew that she was off limits to everyone but me.

The next day we did some snorkeling on the reef, I was treated to helping Jessica put on her wet suit. I tried to maintain some distance but she kept up with the same antics as the other day. Her family seemed oblivious to it. The quarters on the boat were small and when passing each other, our bodies would touch and our eyes would meet. She had a playful grin and her hazel eyes twinkled when we came close. I was sure she didn't realize she was playing with fire. Later as we landed on shore where we were met by a group of locals on the island and they invited us to join. We agreed and were served some very good local food and party fun.

Early the next morning I made my way to the water and took a refreshing swim in the surf. I was in a pair of men's speedos and woman's speedo top. I came out and Jessica was standing there. 

"Good Morning" I said as I toweled myself off and started to walk back to camp. 

We made small talk and she asked me if I had slept well I said yes, and asked her if she had slept well. She said she had and was excited to get the next island where we were going to explore some of the under water caves. Soon we were off and heading toward the island. Jessica was up top most of the day asking all kinds of questions about the island and I told her and her brother about the stories of pirates and how they would bury treasure all over the islands. 

I noticed she had changed into a cute little outfit. I could see the blue thong bikini bottoms Jessica was wearing underneath her sheer white sarong and a matching blue bikini top. Seeing her in such a playful outfit was making me extremely horny. This girl was reigniting a fire inside me that I hadn't felt in years. I thought, as I watched her tanning on the deck what it would be like to play with her gorgeous young body. I wondered if she had a boyfriend. I moved my eyes up and down her trim body. She seemed so beautiful, so innocent but yet there was a hint of naughtiness there as well. I thought she and I could have some fun but what about the parents? Hmm. Daddy's little girl, more like daddy's little tease.

We arrived at one of the small deserted islands. I tried to get as close to shore as possible but there were too many rocks in the water so I anchored off shore and we took the family and the supplies to shore in two rafts. We found a stream flowing into the cove and followed it back to a small waterfall and clearing in the jungle. We made camp, my crew took the son and dad to the point to fish for lunch. I invited Jessica and her mom to look for clams and shrimp with me on shore. Jessica went with me but her mom said she'd rather just relax, which was fine with me. So the young blond and I set off down the beach.

We weren't that far from camp when Jessica and I started talking. "So, how old are you?"

"I'm 19. How old are you?" she replied.

I smiled and said, "Well sweetie, I'm 58."

Jessica said, "Wow! That's old!"

"Hey, I'm not that old! I still have a few good years in me! And how old are your parent's?" I said laughing.

Jessica said, "Well my dad is 44 and my mom is 43."

Amused I said, "Your parents are still pretty young. But I bet they couldn't keep up with me if they tried. I have to stay active for my job so it keeps me in good shape."

We kept walking, looking for clams. I asked her if she had any boyfriends. She looked at me, and then told me yes she had. She asked me if I were a lesbian and I told her that I was. We made more small talk while we dug clams then went back to camp. Shortly the rest made camp and we ate a good lunch. The parents went walking on the beach and we made ready to go explore the caves on the other side of the cove. From the shore it looked just like a cliff but down about ten feet under the water line there was an opening which lead to caves. My crew took the brother first, they swam down and were soon out of sight. I looked at Jessica as she geared up. She was so hot in that form fitting wet suit. 

We walked into the water and dove in. I motioned her to follow me and we swam through the arch and into a tunnel of sorts. In minutes we broke through the surface and came up to a sandy shore in a big room like cave, you could see high up the cliff where the sun shone through the cracks and openings. We spotted the rest of the group taking their tanks off and we followed. Then the five of us started to explore the cave's deep dark recesses. We came to a place where the passageway divided. I had been here before and knew where they both lead, one out into a small cave that opened into the jungle and the other to a series of small mineral pools that lead out behind the waterfall where we had camped. 

Jessica seemed intent on seeing the mineral pools so my crew took the brother to check out the one that lead to the jungle and Jessica and I took the path to the mineral pools. We found them and I stacked our tanks near the pools. We sat on the rocks and dangled our feet in the water. 

Finally I got brave and asked her. "So are you and your boyfriend sexually active?" 

She looked at me and she seemed surprised. "I don't think that's any of your business. Why would you ask that?" 

I was set back by her tone. "Well I was wondering if your flirting was serious or if you were just looking for attention." 

She laughed "Flirting, what do you mean?" 

I wasn't sure where this was going but I was going to proceed with it. "Are your parents really that blind to your actions or what? Does daddy know his little girl is such a little tease?" 

She dove off the rocks into the water and turned to look at me, "What makes you think I've been flirting with you?" 

I was about to answer when Jessica's brother and my shipmates came upon us. We gathered our gear and walked to the tunnel to the outlet behind the waterfall. We found Jessica's parents and spent the rest of the day exploring the island and fishing.

That night it began to rain and the wind came up. We grabbed what we could and took shelter in the cave behind the waterfall. We tried to save everything and in the process Jessica's mom had fallen and hurt her ankle. We waited the storm out in the cave. It continued on through the morning to about mid day. Then, when we venture out. Our camp was destroyed and there was nothing left. I ran to check on the boat and didn't find it. The wind probably carried it out to sea. I got back to camp and told everyone that we were stranded. The mom was in pain. I did as best I could for her ankle. It looked like it was broken. I suggested that we find a better shelter and save what ever we could. 

We located a cave near the beach amongst the rocks and we set up camp there. I knew that storms can come up suddenly and can be very unpredictable. I also knew that it may look bad to the tourists but I assured them we would be ok and that these waters are very busy. Someone will spot our signal fire and when we don't return to shore on time someone will come looking for us. I told them our route was mapped and that people knew where we should be. After building the fire I left the group in the cave and walked the shore looking for any sign of wreckage from the boat but there wasn't any. A good sign, since if they spotted the boat they would probably know that we were likely stranded on shore somewhere. I had done this charter route before and my staff knew it well. So it was in their hands now. I started back to camp and found Jessica on the shore. I walked up to her to see she if she was okay. 

"How are you?" I asked. 

She looked at me. "Were you serious? Will they find us?" 

She looked a bit nervous. I tried to reassure her "Yes they will find us, I just went looking and there's no wreckage from the boat so that means she broke her moorings and is out there afloat somewhere. Another boat will come along and see her and know we are stranded on one of the islands, it just may take a couple of days." 

She seemed relieved and we sat down by the signal fire for a little while. Then I went to camp. Everyone was just getting up and the crew were cooking some fish they had caught. 

The father and son were gathering firewood but Jessica was nowhere to be found. I asked one of the crew and he pointed toward the cave behind the waterfall. He said she had gone to wash up. I asked the mom how she felt, she said she was managing okay. I started towards the beach but circled back to the waterfall and slipped into the cave. I found her in one of the shallow pools. She was topless in a thong, lathering up her firm little body. I watched her intently as she stroked her body with the soap and rinsed off. 

I felt my crotch throbbing as I observed her. Here was this gorgeous, almost completely naked young woman before my eyes caressing her firm body. How could any man or in my case, how could a butch daddy resist this young little nymph? I wanted her for my own, I had to have her. It was a crazy, I was jeopardizing my entire business for lust. But at that moment I didn't care. All I wanted was to be with this beautiful college coed. I gave into my urges. In my cargo shorts and black tank top, I stepped into the pool, she turned and had a shocked look upon her face. I grabbed her and pulled her close to me. I kissed Jessica deeply. She pushed me away and slapped my face. I was shocked but grabbed her again and kissed her. I let her go and she slapped me again. I laughed and she got mad. I held my hands up in a joke.

Still laughing, I said. "Okay, okay, sorry just couldn't resist." 

She mumbled something and started to tell me off when she realized her top was off. She spotted it and tried to cross her arms to cover herself as she reached for it. Then we heard Jessica's brother call her name. We looked at each other. Neither of us wanted her brother to catch up in such a precarious position. I grabbed Jessica and pulled her behind some rocks, pinning her against them as we hid. He called out again as he walked nearby but we both kept silent. Pressing my stocky body against her firm young frame was making tingle. The fire of lust was burning in my loins, I could feel my crotch throbbing for Jessica. Lust was overtaking all reason and common sense. Staring into her beautiful hazel eyes, I was struck by how beautiful she truly was. Jessica stared into my eyes. 

In that moment, I decided to try my luck again. I wrapped my right arm around her lower back, pressing her body close to me. I raised my left arm up and with my hand, I caressed Jessica's face and neck. She looked nervous, but she didn't fight me. I leaned in and started to nibble on her ear, she froze but didn't resist. I became more bold. I moved my head in and kissed her lips, which tasted of strawberry chap stick. I flicked my tongue against her lips. At first, she wouldn't let me in, but I kept up my assault. My tongue finally pierced her lips. She allowed me into her mouth. When she did that, I went wild, I kissed her with wild abandon. 

Jessica was so hot! Here I was a 58 year old butch lesbian and I had I was making out with this 19 year old hottie!!! I was like a kid in a candy store. As I kissed her, I ran my hands all over her beautiful body. She made me feel like I was 19 again. My crotch was throbbing. I wish I had worn my strapon. I would've loved to have fucked her with it. But it didn't matter, I was going to have my way with her one way or another.

I spun Jessica around. Her back was facing me. Her body was trembling now. I think she was a little scared, but she didn't say anything. I kissed my young lover's neck while I unzipped my cargo shorts. I pulled them along with my boxers down to my ankles and kicked them off. I pressed my crotch against Jessica's toned round ass. It was like a jolt of electricity when my skin touched hers. Her skin was so soft and smooth! My sex was engorged and instinctively I started to grind my pussy into Jessica's perfectly rounded ass. She let out a gasp as she felt me grind against her.

She said. "Oh my god... What am I doing?"

I could tell that she was still scared. I leaned in and whispered into her ear. "Don't worry my baby girl. I'm not going to hurt you. I'm gonna make you feel like the sexy woman you are!"

With that, I began to nibble on my 19 year old lover's ear. My left hand reached around and began to caress Jessica's full breasts. Softly squeezing her breasts, running my fingers through her nipples and gently pinching them. I moved my right hand across her smooth flat stomach. My fingers grazed Jessica's exquisite skin, moving ever further down her perfect body. Finally my hand ran over the thin material that barely covered her sex. Cupping her crotch with my hand. I pushed up against her pussy, which forced Jessica's back to arch and bring her round ass into a better position for me to grind against.

By then I was a little nervous. I was afraid that someone might catch us, especially Jessica's parents. I doubt that they would've approved of an old butch woman like me madly humping their beautiful young daughter from behind. Somehow, the thrill of being caught only added to my excitement.

I whispered into Jessica's ear, "You're making me so fucking horny! God damn you're sexy!!!"

I slid my hand underneath the thin material that covered Jessica's pussy. Jessica gasped, her body froze and tensed for a moment and then relaxed. I nuzzled my face against her neck, kissing it to reassure her that everything would be ok. I ran my fingers over her smooth, hairless pussy. I flicked my tongue against Jessica's ear, sucking on her ear lobe as I ran my middle finger across her slit with my pointer finger and ring finger were on either side of her pussy lips. I gently spread the lips apart and heard her gasp. My fingers found her clit half hidden by the hood. I touched it gently. I found the slit and forced a finger inside her tight young pussy. 

My young lover let out another gasp before she finally breathed out. "Oh shit!"

I whispered into her ear. "It's OK my baby girl, I'm not going to hurt you. I promise I'll be gentle."

She finally relaxed. I slid my finger deeper inside Jessica. I felt her becoming wet as my finger probed her. Her eyes were closed and she bit her lip. I pressed my stocky body completely against Jessica's back. Except for the shirt that I had on, we were skin to skin. I could feel her young body trembling still. She was nervous still, perhaps scared as well. I wrapped my left arm Jessica's chest, holding her to me, supporting her body and making sure she didn't accidentally fall. I slowed the rhythm of my grinding hips against her round ass.

I asked the 19 year old. "Do you like what I'm doing baby?"

At first she didn't answer me. I slowly ran my middle finger across her slit. Softly sliding it back and forth. I could feel her juices on my fingers. I nibbled on her ear and arched my finger, letting her feel me penetrate her slightly.

I asked again. "Cmon baby. Talk to me. Do you like it?"

Finally my young lover responded with a single word. "Yes."

I had a big grin on my face. She was letting go and giving in to me. I always loved seducing women, especially straight women. But I never in a million years would have thought that I would be with someone as young and as beautiful as Jessica. Now that I was, I wanted to make sure that I completely rocked her world. I slowly drew my middle finger inside her body. She was slippery and wet but yet incredibly tight! She spread her legs apart slightly, giving me better access to penetrate her.

As I began to slowly pump my finger inside Jessica, I started to thrust my hips forward into her luscious ass. God she felt incredible! In between kissing her neck and nibbling on her ear, I whispered sweet nothings to her. I told her how hot she was and how badly I wanted her sexy body. In perfect tempo, I drove my finger inside Jessica as I thrusted my crotch into her silky soft ass.

I was getting wet. I felt my juices coating my young lover's perfect ass. My excitement and lust for Jessica was at a fever pitch. I could feel her excitement building as well. My finger was covered with her juices. Her pussy was so tight around my finger but I decided to slip another finger inside her. Jessica let out a gasp as she felt me slip another finger into her firm young body.
