 I have to say, this is going down in my memoirs as one of the five best New Year's celebrations in history. We had been fucking all night. I lost track of how many times we'd cum and all 3 of us were sore and tired, but we weren't finished just yet.

Dearest Patricia had been playing the observant wallflower to the fornications of her lovely sister Stacy and myself. Stacy and I both agreed that just wasn't polite or well-mannered for young ladies such as ourselves and something must be done immediately to rectify this horrible injustice.

At my behest, dear Stacy removed the Hammer of Hephaestus, of which she had just gotten done using on my delicate sensibilities, and handed it to me. I, in turn, slid the implement of pending recompense up my legs and locked it into position. We both then helped our lovely contestant up from her prestigious position and positioned her over the "Dodecahedron of Justice"! Ok, yeah I know it wasn't technically correct, but when you're playing your sex games you can name your table whatever you like...lol. Besides it was a fun bit of word play, on my part at least. Basically, without all the over-dramatic prose, we bent Patty over the table and asked her if she had anything to say before I fucked the shit out of her.

"Patricia dear, do you have any last words before justice is met out?" I giggled.

I plopped the cock on the crack of her ass, then slowly snaked it up slowly up and down. Stacy had gone to her knees on the floor under the both of us. She was licking and teasing her sisters sore pussy. I grabbed Patty by the hips and pulled her ass apart with my thumbs. My cock found its way home eagerly and I pushed it in slowly until it wouldn't go any deeper. I slid in and out, in and out, watching her pussy suck on it and listening to how wet she was for me. I saw Stacy's sticking out from under us, legs spread, pussy pink and wet. 

Patty was already moaning with Stacy eating her pussy. She didn't need any prep work at all and took my cock deep. I kicked her legs open wider to give her less control over the lower half of her body. I slapped her ass and she squealed for me, then made her take it. This wasn't my first time bending someone over...lol. 

"That's right you little bitch take that dick."

I growled at her, slapped her on the ass and left my hand print there. I sped my rhythm up.

"You need that cock don't you slut?! I'm going to own the fuck out of you and this pussy by the time I'm done. Stacy don't you fucking dare let up down there! Eat that pussy until this slutty little bitch screams for us!"

Stacy moaned with approval. I saw her hand move to between her legs and start working her pussy. We were all tired and sore, but the naughtiness of the situation had started to re-energize us. One final push, so to speak...lol. I didn't know how much more my body could take from this marathon, but the frenzy was building.

I bore down on Patty's hips, digging my fingers into her. I love that sound, skin on skin, two bodies smacking into each other like this. She was moaning and grunting for us. I could see her white-knuckled, grabbing the edges of the table. My pussy was wet remembering how much I love being bent over a table like this. Tits pressed against the top, being reamed out from behind, the imagery just fueled my libido. 

Stacy was sucking and pulling on Patty's clit from underneath making her tight little asshole start winking at me. I smiled and slid my thumb all the way in searching for that spot in her ass that'll make her cum. I looked down at my cock, it was shiny and wet. I was so tired and sore, part of me wanted to stop, but I took a deep breath and soldiered on. My sadism took over. This wasn't about me, it's about fucking the shit out of Patty. 

I slapped her ass hard again and started growling at her.

"You like to watch don't you. You like me fucking your sister. Like watching me make her scream don't you? Filthy little whore now it's your time to scream for me!"

Patty moaned like crazy for me. I started jack hammering her, giving her every fucking bit I had left. The motion of that dick sliding in and out of her once tight pink little hole, watching how it was just wrapped around and sucking on my cock, was just fucking driving me crazy. Stacy was working her own pussy like crazy again. Two fingers in, three knuckles deep. Her hips thrusting into the air as she fucked herself. She was growling at Patty from under the table too.

"C'mon baby! That's it! Come on give it to me! You fucking know what I like! I love this fucking wet pussy! Come on slut you know you need it!"

It occurs to me that we typically, individually, do not have a large repertoire of sex talk. but then again I guess when you're getting fucked fewer words are best...lol.

Stacy was going at it from below while I was throwing everything I had into every thrust. Patty started shaking and cumming for us, hard. All of her weight fell on the table as her legs just went completely weak, shaking like foam fingers at a sports rally (Like that?...lol.). and she started to moan deep. 

You know that moan from nature specials? Two large beasts just fucking in the middle of the Savannah jungle fucking. Big dicks just taking what they want from some poor heifer. Or when you're fucking someone and you are hitting it so God damned good they've gone beyond the sounds you're used to hearing to a whole new level? Like they've been possessed and are channeling orgasms from previous lives. Moans that scare the shit out of you because you don't know if they're pleasure or pain, but you don;t want to stop...lol. If you don't know what I'm talking about then you need to work harder in the bedroom, or where ever you find yourself.

Patty had the side of her face pressed against the table and wasn't holding anything back. Her strength was completely gone, arms and legs hanging limp, she was taking it and cumming for us like a champ. Her legs just shook as she gripped the edges of the table. People passing by outside would have heard us. Finally we were all out of energy again. Tired, sore, dehydrated, and exhausted. I gave her a few more strokes before realizing that was all I had. Patty lay there gasping for breath and whimpering.

"Stacy I think we killed her." I chuckled and staggered back against the counter.

Stacy came out from under the table, cum all over her face, rubbing her jaw. She giggled weakly, then leaned over and kissed my shoulder as she hunched over the counter trying to steady herself.

"Oh my God. Thank God. I've got nothing left." She stood leaning heavily and shaking.

I was stroking Patty's ass, feeling mildly guilty it was so red from the smacking I'd given it while I was fucking her. Stacy stood there for a moment grinning at her sister's current condition. She arched her back and stretched a bit, groaning, then turned back to start stroking her sisters limp naked form.

"Oh my gawd Hun, your ass is sooooo red."

Patty whispered back something unintelligible.

"I need to wash the cum, sweat, and shame off of me. I don't know about you two but I have nothing left. I do have to say this has been the best fucking New Years I've had to date."

"Just let me sleep here. I'll be ok right here." Patty whined weakly.

We laughed and peeled her off the table, much to her grumbles, and made our way to the bathroom.

"Jeezus Patty, people eat at that table and you've gone and sluttied it all up. " Stacy chided smacking Patty on the ass, eliciting a squeal.

We shuffled to the bathroom and stood Patty in the shower, then soaped her up and washed her off, wrapped her in a towel. She perked up and was a bit more chatty while Stacy and I jumped in. We soaped each other up, her hands felt so good. Our hands started wandering getting frisky under the water, but we both laughed it off.

"Oh Hun, the spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak and sore and sooooo well fucked." I leaned over and gave her a kiss.

Girl kisses are the best. Soft and comforting.

We wrapped ourselves in fluffy towels and made our way back to the front room where our debauchery began. The kitchen was a mess with furniture all out of place. The front room had clothes and things everywhere. It definitely looked like ground zero for a fuck zone. The pile of toys Stacy had brought in were in a massive pile on the couch. Most I recognized, but some I didn't, some I'd been curious to try.

"Good Lord Stacy what were you planning?" I laughed as I picked my way through the obscene pile.

" I didn't know where the night would go, so I thought I'd prepare to cover all the bases." She smiled at me.

"Yeah it looks like all of our BASES would have been covered by this pile of stuff. Save it for next time." 

Someone made a yummy sound. It might have been me.

We milled around the room playing hide and seek with our clothes. I finally managed to collect my things then sat down on the nearest chair letting my towel fall off me. I sat there naked still convincing myself to move. The sky outside was light now. I slipped my dress on, pulled my shoes back on, tried to remember if i wore panties or not. I don't think so. Doesn't matter.

It occurred to me in all the time we'd been going at it no one had come home. None of us even wondered where our husbands were...lol. Tho we weren't thinking about them either.

Patty and Stacy had resume their places on the couch, wrapped on in towels. There's something about a fresh fucked woman that looks so ridiculously sexy.

"Hey, ok, I have to be heading home. Someone is hopefully wondering where I am."

"Are you hungry? I could make us New Years breakfast? "Stacy smiled at me weakly. I could tell her eyes wanted to close.

"I'll take a rain check. I've eaten quite enough tonite." I chuckled at my cleverness, "I'm starved, but I just want to sleep."

They both got up and walked me over to the door. Patty's towel slipped off on the couch and she left it, just standing there naked now. She wrapped her arms around me and gave me a hug. Mmmmmm. She felt so good and smelled sooo clean. I felt a wave run back through me and and evil little grin made me giggle. I reached down and gave her ass a playful squeeze.

"I really am insatiable." I thought to myself.

I hugged Stacy. Kissed them both. Thanked them for a lovely evening.

I made my way out to my car, then home. My husband was sound asleep. I got undressed, letting my clothes fall in a pile on the floor and climbed into bed next to him. He stirred feeling me next to him and rolled over to wrap his arms around me.

"What time is it?" He asked me.

"Time for sleep."

We both slept past noon. 

I told him about what happened when we woke up over lunch.

Which led to more sex. Heh.

- end