 A few days had passed since I visited Jessica and her family at the hospital where her mother was getting her ankle checked out. I went back to visit a few more times, partially to make sure the mother was okay but also to see if I could talk to my former lover alone. Unfortunately Jessica was standoffish and I didn't get the opportunity. I was bummed. I was really hoping to at least talk to her once. Unfortunately, that didn't seem to be a possibility.

My crew had recovered my boat and were busy fixing it up. There was a bit of minor damage to the hull and some leaking along with a few other things that needed to be repaired. I estimated that it would be at least a week before my boat was in good working order again. Since my boat was out of commission, I decided catch up on paperwork at my shop. I did my best to consume myself in work and try to forget the young girl that I had made such unbridled and passionate love to. 

Then a few days later, much to my surprise, she came back into my life. The door to my shop had opened, I looked up to see Jessica waking through the door. My heart skipped a beat seeing her again. She was like a tanned goddess and I was her disciple. God she looked beautiful. Jessica was in a pink and white stripped tank top, a short frilly white skirt and a pair of black flip flops. It was such a mundane thing to wear here on Aruba but she made it look so damn irresistible. But in my opinion, she could make anything look sexy!

My heart was pounding hard. I think my lust, my yearning for this young girl had turned into something more. Without hesitation, I got up from behind the counter and walked towards her. I felt giddy just seeing her back in my life. I moved towards her with a swagger that was more appropriate for a 20 year old boy than that of a 58 year old dyke. 

Jessica started to say, "I'm... I'm sorry that I..." 

But before she could finish I hushed her lips and said, "Shh. Let's not ruin this moment with words."

Then I pulled her body into mine. She gasped slightly. Her smaller feminine frame contrasted my larger more masculine body. I inhaled Jessica's sweet perfume, she smelled like a woman should, sweet and pure with a hint of naughtiness. I put my hand behind her neck and guided her head towards me and kissed her luscious lips with all the passion and desire that had been building in me since I had first made love to her.

As our lips met in our passionate embrace, Jessica wrapped her arms around my neck and opened her mouth, inviting me in. Our tongues met and danced across each other as we kissed. Over the next couple of minutes, we continued kissing right in the middle of my shop where anyone could walk through the door at any moment. But neither of us seemed to care. We were oblivious to the outside world. I was in a state of bliss, simply kissing the beautiful young woman in my arms.

Feeling Jessica's supple body in my arms again made me feel so young, so vibrant. God, I wanted her. I wanted her badly! It took every ounce of self-control that I had to keep myself from dropping to my knees and sticking my head underneath her skirt and eat her out right then and there. But as much as I wanted to take her at that very moment, I didn't want to repeat past mistakes and give her another reason to run away after making love to her. I wanted her to be mine and have her give herself to me completely. I wanted this little girl to be my woman.

When the kissing finally subsided, I whispered in her ear, "I missed you baby! I didn't think I would see you ever again. I would've thought that you would be home by now."

"We're staying in Aruba for a few more days, until my mom's ankle heals up a bit more. ...I...I missed you too. I'm sorry I freaked out. I just...I don't know. I'm still so confused. I've got a boyfriend and I'm not gay...but ...." Said Jessica.

Smiling confidently, I said "...But there's something about me, isn't there? I stirred something inside of you, didn't I baby? You don't quite understand it, but it's there."

Jessica sheepishly responded. "...Yes."

I held her tightly in my strong arms, then I lightly kissed her nose and her lips before finally saying. "I know that you feel confused right now baby. I think that's natural. But you can't deny that there's something between us. Why else would you come back to me? Come out with me tonight. Let me show you around and see where the night takes us."

"I...I don't know..." said Jessica hesitantly.

"C'mon baby. Take a chance. I'll be a gentleman, I promise!" I said with with an air of confidence in my voice.

Still unsure, Jessica said. "But I've got a boyfriend! And you're so much older than me! And...and you're a woman and I'm straight!!! I just don't know."

"Sweetie, I'm not asking you to marry me. I'm just asking you to go out with me tonight. Besides, age ain't nothing but a number to me. And yes, I'm a woman. But you know what? I can treat you better than any man. And I would be a better lover to you than any man could ever be!" I said.

My 19 year old lover was silent for a minute. I could tell she was thinking long and hard about it. She looked confused. But finally she acquiesced and said. "Okay, I guess it wouldn't hurt to get to know you at least." 

I smiled and kissed Jessica on the lips. Then we finally made arrangements for me to pick her up around 6:30 at her hotel. Shortly thereafter, Jessica left my shop. I quickly closed up for the day and rushed home to get ready for the evening. I went home and showered. Then I went through my clothes, looking for something to impress my young college coed. 

I thought about wearing a suit and tie but decided that it was too formal. I decided on something a little more casual yet stylish. First I put on my strapon harness, I attached a realistic looking silicon dildo that had veins and even a pair of balls. It was 7 inches long. Then I put on over my strapon a pair of boxer briefs to keep my erection from getting in the way. There would be an obvious bulge but it wouldn't be too bad. After that I decided on wearing a pair of tan dockers, a purple undershirt, an orange long sleeve button up shirt with a black tie, a brown belt and a pair of brown dress shoes. I also put on my best cologne for the evening. I combed my short salt and pepper colored hair. I thought I looked pretty damn handsome for a 58 year old butch. I just hoped my date would have the same opinion. By the time I had finished getting ready, it was time for me to go and pick up my date.

I was looking forward to my evening out with Jessica. I hadn't been on a date in a long time. I was a little nervous but excited, I could feel my anticipation grow. I parked my car in the parking lot and headed into the hotel. It was a hot and humid evening. I called up to her room, she said she would be right down. I waited for what felt like an eternity. Then suddenly, I heard a man's voice behind me. Startled, I turned around. It was Jessica's father.

"Well captain, it's a surprise to see you again! What are you doing here?" He said.

I reached out and shook his hand and replied. "It's a small island. You never can tell who you're going to bump into around here."

Smiling he said. "Well that's the truth. So what are you doing here?"

Part of me wanted to tell him that I was going to take his little girl out. That I was going to make his little girl my woman. I was going to wine and dine her and possibly take her to bed. But instead, I told him. "I'm just catching up with an acquaintance tonight. I didn't realize that you were still in town."

"Just for a couple more days is all. Well it was great seeing you again! I need to get going. Take care." He said.

Somewhat relived that he had finally left, I said. "Good night and good-bye sir."

A few minutes later Jessica stepped out of the elevator. This little girl took my breath away. I felt like I had hit the lottery and was going to have a heart attack all at the same time! She was dressed to kill. She wore a black mini dress that had a very revealing neckline. In fact, it plunged just slightly below her belly button and yet her dress was still able to cover her full breasts. As revealing as her dress was, it still looked classy. Jessica look around and finally saw me. She started to make her way towards me. I could see the glint of her belly button ring at a distance. As she came closer, I noticed her black, open toed stilettos. Her toe nails were painted pink and wore a ring on her right index toe. My crotch tightened just staring at her beautiful body.

I smiled at her and said. "You look beautiful tonight!"

Jessica smiled back and said. "Thank you."

"I have something for you sweetie." I said.

Inquisitively, she asked. "What is it?"

I reached into my pocket and presented her with a gold necklace. "This." 

She said. "I can't accept this!"

"Please baby. I'm old fashioned. I'm used to giving my dates a gift. Please, for me?" I pleaded.

Jessica finally relented, she smiled and said. "Ok."

I turned her around. Then I noticed that her dress was backless. I could see the tattoo on the small of her back. Damn, this girl knew how to dress sexy! Once I finally put her necklace on I had her turn around. Admiring her in all her beauty, I said. "Wow, you are gorgeous!"

She smiled and said. "Thanks."

Smiling back at her I said. "Well let's get going babe."

As we walked out of the lobby, I reached for Jessica's hand. She hesitated for a moment. She didn't take my hand until we were outside of the hotel. I guess she didn't want to risk her parents seeing us holding hands. We made small talk and I told her a few jokes to ease the tension as we walked to my car. I opened the door for her, admiring her gorgeous figure as she got in. I took Jessica to one of my favorite restaurants.

I had reserved a secluded area of the restaurant for Jessica and me. Being friends with the Maitre d' has its benefits. My friend took us to our table. The somewhat dimly lit table was lighted with candles and adjacent to the table was bottle of champaign. I pulled out the chair for Jessica to sit and seated her as any gentleman would and then I sat across from her. The table was perfect for lovers. It was big enough to serve us our dinner but yet small enough for intimate contact. I stared at the young woman across from me. I tried not to make it too obvious but I couldn't help but stare at her beautiful body in that skimpy dress.

I complimented Jessica on how hot she looked in her outfit. She thanked me. Then I reached across the table and gave her a quick kiss on the lips. After that I poured her a glass of champaign. Jessica asked me if it was legal for her to drink here. I laughed and told her that she was fine. The drinking age in Aruba was 18. Since she was 19, there was no problem. I reached my left hand across the table and intertwined my fingers with Jessica's. We talked for a bit and told her some dirty jokes while we waited for our food to arrive. I admired her demure figure and her full breasts that were barely covered by her dress. My crotch was throbbing for her. 

I reached my right hand under the table and started to caress her soft smooth leg. Jessica stopped talking for a moment, she had a surprised look on her face as she felt my hand. Then after a moment, she smiled. With an unspoken acknowledgement of her approval, I continued gently stroking my hand up and down the side of her supple leg. Finally, our dinner had arrived. We ate and drank and talked some more.

"I can't believe that you're going out with me tonight!" I said.

Jessica said. "I know! It's kinda crazy!!!"

"And yet, here we are babe. You and me together tonight. Enjoying each other's company. And you know what? I'm enjoying each and every moment of it!" I told her.

Smiling she said. "Yeah, I'm enjoying it too!"

I thought for a moment about what I wanted to say next. "You know I'm just curious. But what made you decide to come back to my shop and see me again? You were pretty hesitant about talking to me along after our time on the island."

"I'm sorry." She said. "I was kinda freaked out after that. I was never with a woman before. It was just all really... I don't know. I guess it was too much."

Curious, I asked her. "Then what was it that made you come and visit me?"

"I don't know. There's just something about you that just made me want to see you again." Jessica said.

Smiling, I said. "Oh really? Like what?"

Jessica blushed and replied. "Well, I...I think it's because you are so confident. I can feel it from you. Like on the island, you took charge and knew what to do and you did it. And I think you're handsome too."

"Really?" I said.

"Yeah. I've always been kinda attracted to older men. I know you're not a man, but you've got that ruggedness to you that is sexy." She said.

I laughed and half joking I said to her. "Well I do have that effect on women." 

Feeling frisky, I leaned over the table and kissed Jessica on the lips. I paused for a second and looked deeply into her eyes and kissed her again. With her mouth partially open, I slipped my tongue inside and kissed her for a few more minutes. I loved kissing her. She had such soft full lips. I sat back down. We looked at each other smiling. 

"Well I think we're done eating. Don't you?" I said.

She smiled and said."Yes."

"Good. Cause I want to take you out dancing babe." I said.

We waited for the check to come and I dutifully paid the bill. Then we got up and left the restaurant. I wrapped my arm around Jessica's slim waist, holding her close to me. We got to my car. Jessica was standing in front of the passenger side door. She turned around to face me. I put my arms on either side of her and pressed my body into hers, pushing her against the car. She could feel the buldge in my dockers.

"What's that?" She asked.

I smiled and said. "A surprise for later."

Then I leaned in and kissed Jessica passionately. A few people walked by us as we kissed. An elderly couple glared at us but I couldn't care less. In fact I kinda liked the idea of the whole world seeing us making out like we were. It made an old butch like me feel like quite the stud. Part of me wanted to defile this young, would-be straight girl in front of the world. I wanted everyone to see that this young girl was all mine!

Finally we arrived at one of the local night clubs. It was a slow night in there. There weren't more than 50 people there. Jessica looked a little disappointed, but I didn't care. As long as she was in my arms, I was happy. We found a table and sat down. I ordered us a few drinks. I had a few beers and Jessica had some sangrias and we both had a couple of shots of tequila. Needless to say, were were both a little drunk at that point.

That's when we both decided to go out on the dance floor and start dancing. The lights were flashing, the music was loud and the bass was bumping. Jessica and I danced to the beat. She swayed her body seductively for me. She wrapped her arms around my neck and I put my hands on her hips as we danced. We stared into each others eyes smiling. I looked down to see her hips swaying to and from. I could see the glint of her belly button ring as we danced. She was so hot in that dress of hers! I leaned in to try and give her a kiss but Jessica smiled and turned her head. I smiled back, she was playing hard to get.

We stayed on the dance floor for another song. It was a really fast song. Jessica had me stand there as she danced for me. Her body moved gracefully to the beat. She turned her back to me, swaying her hips. She back up to me, grinding her lovely ass against my crotch. My groin was throbbing as she ground herself against me. Jessica reached her right arm back, putting her right hand on the back of my neck. I put my hands around her trim waist and moved my body in unison with hers. She was making me so horny, feeling her young, perfect body grinding against mine. I licked and kissed the side of her neck. Jessica's right hand gripped the back of my neck a little tighter as I kissed her.

Once the song had ended, Jessica excused herself to go to the restroom. I went back to our table to rest. I was a little tired from the dancing. But I was also feeling horny, my body was tingling. I wanted her young body so bad! I decided to go to the restroom as well.

I walked into the restroom to find Jessica at the sink washing up. I looked around to find that she and I were alone. She looked up and saw me, she smiled. I smiled back to her. Like a heat seeking missile, I headed straight for her. I pulled her in tight against my body and kissed her deeply. God, I felt like a teenager again. I just couldn't keep my hands off of her. I pulled my little girl into one of the stalls at the far end of the restroom for a little privacy. I pushed her up against the wall, sliding my tongue into her mouth as we kissed. I ground my crotch against hers while we made out.

I pulled the material that covered Jessica's breasts to each side. God they were so perfect! My hands fondled her tits as we continued to passionately kiss. I could feel her nipples getting hard under my expert touch. My mouth was watering, staring at the perfection that was her body. I started to kiss my way down, kissing her neck softly, then kissing her collar bone and then I started to kiss her gorgeous breasts. I ran my tongue over her luscious breasts. My tongue circled her erect nipple before I finally took it into my hungry mouth.

I stared up at my love as I began to suckle from her breast. My tanned beauty stared deeply into my eyes. My hands fondled her other breast as I sucked on her nipple. Her breath was slightly labored. I would take turns lightly bitting on her nipple and flicking my tongue at it as sucked on her breasts. Jessica caressed my face and ran her fingers through my hair. Feeling her soft touch was only getting me hornier. 

I dropped to my knees and stared up into my young lovers eyes. We smiled at each other. I brought my hands to either side of her smooth supple legs. I slowly guided my hands up underneath Jessica's black micro dress. My fingers found the think straps of her black g-string panties. Jessica smiled as I started to pull her panties down. I pulled them down to her ankles, then my young lover lifted her legs up so I could take them off. I put them in my pocket.

Jessica spread her legs apart and leaned against the wall. I hiked her skirt up above her hips. With her waxed pussy in clear view, I brought my head close to her sex. I let her feel my warm breath against her skin. I inhaled her scent. It was intoxicating. Jessica put her hands on the back of my head. She pulled my head towards her crotch. I smiled, happy to oblige her.

I circled my tongue around her pussy, flicking it against her clit. Then I put my lips on Jessica's already moist sex, kissing it tenderly. Jessica let out a little moan. I tasted her succulent juices on my lips. Ravenous now, I put my hands on her hips, clutching her tightly ant taking her pussy into my hungry mouth. I drove my tongue deep inside her young body, flicking it inside her. 

With a gasp, Jessica arched her back and brought her hips up in better position for my eager mouth. I felt her juices flow into my mouth. I went wild, lapping up her sweet nectar. My little girl put her hands on the back of my head, holding me tightly against her hot pussy. I looked up at my young lover. Her eyes were closed and her cheeks were flushed red. I kept up my assault on her delicious pussy. My tongue was deep inside her, flicking wildly. Her body was on the verge of cumming. I could feel her body tighten up. Then I felt the muscles on inner walls of her vagina start to flutter and then tighten around my tongue. Then a torrent of her juices came rushing into my mouth. I greedily drank up her essence. After a few minutes, Jessica's body finished climaxing. I lapped up every last ounce of her juices. 
