 The BBQ was an undeniable success. 

Sophie spent the first part of the afternoon pouring drinks, and filling plates or chasing after some of the children that were running about. It was a sunny day, but the Oak trees in the Jacobs' backyard made for a cool inviting picnic area. Every once in awhile Sophie would feel someone's hot gaze on her and turn quickly to find Alana staring from some distance away. She was so obvious. Sophie stuck close to Alex hoping to dissuade her. Now was not the time or the place. She avoided her studiously for the rest of the afternoon, and by 2:30 most of the couples with younger children had left. Sophie began to relax and just when her buzz from the "grown-up" punch had hit a pleasant hum she felt a cool hand on her shoulder. Alana...she was practically licking her lips. 

"Looks like we're out of dip," Alana declared loudly enough for most of the surrounding group to hear. "Sophie -- could you help me? I have to bring up more of the mix from the basement." Her hand gripped tighter and seeing no easy way out Sophie nodded meekly. 

Alana quickly shuffled her up in front of her and they headed towards the house. She had a wide smile on her face. To anyone else she appeared simply cordial. She was the classic well-meaning hostess preparing more snacks for her guests. But Sophie knew what that look meant. She quivered thinking about it, though it was warm. 

They stepped into the backdoor which let them into the kitchen. Alana mutely pointed to the right -- where the door to the pantry and stairs to the basement were nestled. Before Sophie could reach for the knob, Alana snaked and arm around her and flung the door open while pushing Sophie into the pantry with her free hand. Everything happened so fast. Within seconds Alana had pinned Sophie against the now closed door. Her hands were hot now on Sophie's wrists. She was panting. 

"I've wanted you all day" she moaned. 

Sophie twisted in her grasp but it only made Alana grip tighter. Now she twisted Sophie's wrists over her head, causing Sophie's back to arch and her breasts to heave forward. Alana moaned appreciatively at the sight and began kissing Sophie's neck. 

"Watching you walk around in that little skirt. Ass switching. You knew I was watching -- didn't you."

Sophie whimpered lowly in response. She was panting now. Her nipples were already hard. This was so wrong. There were people outside waiting. Before she could protest though, Alana released one of her wrists and used her free hand to yank Sophie's bra and halter down; freeing her hard brown nipples into the cool air of the pantry. She started on the left side. Her tongue twirled and fluttered over the nipple while her free hand pinched and pulled the other. Sophie moaned openly. She could have broken free now, but she didn't want to. She arched her back further to aid in pushing her tits into Alana's face and heard her chuckle. Alana switched to the right nipple and she felt the left harden further when the wet from Alana's mouth met the open air. The suckling noises Alana made her driving her crazy. She could feel her slit moistening and beginning to throb. 

Alana released her other wrists and with a hand on each strap pull the bra off her shoulders completely. She kneaded Sophie's breasts in her hands squeezing them together. Then she pulled them apart and drew her flat tongue between them -- along Sophie's sternum.

"You're just salty everywhere -- aren't you" Alana laughed. "I bet the plump little pussy of yours is good and wet isn't it."

Sophie sucked in air. She couldn't breathe. The air in the pantry had gone from cool to hot and thick. She could feel her chest heaving and looking down between her and Alana's bodies she could see her tits wobbling wantonly in the open air. What was she doing? Again? Before she could gather her thoughts Alana's right hand had made its' way under her skirt. 

"Mhmmnononono.." Sophie whimpered.

"Oh yesyesyesyes" Alana crooned gleefully. Her deft fingers found Sophie's clit within seconds while her left hand teased and kneaded a free tit. 

Sophie's knees buckled. She made a low gurgling noise and Alana swooped her left hand down below as well. Cupping Sophie's ass to keep her afloat while her right hand continued to inflict damage. Sophie's breaths began coming faster and faster. Her eyes were half closed and her mouth open. She was moaning deep in her throat. 

"I'm going to make the pussy spurt." Alana whispered "And then you're going to lick your cream right off my fingers, you hear me?" Without warning she jammed her thumb into Sophie's sopping wet pussy and began to finger fuck her hard and fast. The switch was too much. Sophie came almost immediately. She ground into Alana's hand while the door rattled behind her with the force of her weight. 

"Mmm you've got cum dripping all down your leg." Alana giggled. "Taste it" She slipped two fingers into Sophie's cunt and then brought them to Sophie's lips. Sophie's face burned. She couldn't believe she was in this woman's pantry. Licking her own cum off her fingers while people outside thought they were making dip. But she'd gone too far to back out now. She slowly licked Alana's proffered fingers and tasted herself. It was thick with a edge of musk. It reminded her of whipped cream on raspberries. -- creamy sweetness with a tart aftertaste. She took the fingers deep into her mouth and suckled greedily. They came out with a loud pop. 

"We have to go back." Sophie said. She tried to sound firm but her voice was still shaky from the orgasm. She could see that Alana wasn't listening. Her eyes were still fastened on Sophie's naked saliva bathed tits. 

"Shh -- we have plenty of time." Alana began leading her down the stairs into the basement. "We haven't even gotten the mix yet!" Sophie let her lead. Her legs were too loose still to really protest. "Besides, "Alana said. " I'm not done with you yet." 

"Alana..." Sophie tried to stop but Alana just pulled her along. When they reached the basement floor there was the usual clutter. Sophie saw a fridge in the corner, a few tables and a work bench with a white towel draped over one end that sat near the center of the space. Alana suddenly twisted Sophie's arm behind her back and pushed her towards the bench. She led her to one end and walked her to the center so they were both straddling it. Alana pushed Sophie's head downward towards the bench with her free hand, forcing her to kneel with her ass in the air. 

The basement smelled musky and damp. Sophie could see cobwebs in the corner closest to her. There was a small rectangular window near the stairs where the sunlight poured in. She could see the dust swimming in the light. And then she felt Alana's breath on her pussy. 

Alana first licked her entire slit -- from clit to asshole with broad flat strokes. Then she started to lick around the outer lips, dipping her tongue inside before going back to making circles. Sophie knew she was lost. Alana always knew how to eat her. Her tongue was better than any guy she'd ever been with. Better than Alex, even. Whom she'd thought was the ultimate until the night in the pool house...

Sophie lurched back to reality when Alana released her arm so she could use her fingers. She plunged two fingers deep in Sophie's pussy while her thumb massaged her swollen clit. Sophie's skirt was now completely rucked up around her waist. She was ass-up in a basement getting her pussy eaten knowing that her boyfriend or any number of people could come looking for them any moment. At the thought of being discovered Sophie felt a rush of fear and an additional gush of wetness from her cunt. What would Alex do if he barged in to find her finger fucking Alana and licking her hard nipples...? Or if he wandering in on the current tableau, with Sophie yowling like an alley cat while another woman licked, sucked, and fingered her? Sophie could hear herself moaning and whimpering. She ground her hips back onto Alana's fingers. She knew Alana was back there fingering her own pussy while watching herself make Sophie cum. The thought of them cumming at the same time pushed her over the edge. She felt a hot tide of wet between her legs and knew she'd drenched Alana's hand.

"God, your cunt is beautiful" Alana breathed. She dove back into Sophie's pussy lapping up her cum. Sophie gripped the sides of the bench tight to keep from falling off. Her nipples rubbed frantically against the rough terrycloth with every slurp of Alana's feverish licking. After a moment, Alana's torpedo tongue finally slowed. Sophie sighed, grateful for the break. Her relief didn't last long.

"I have a surprise for you," Alana whispered. She leaned over Sophie and licked her ear while continuing to idly play with her soaked cunt. 

"What is it?" Sophie felt a twinge of apprehension and lust. The last surprise had been that Alana liked women, and with her skilled tutoring Sophie was also surprised to learn that she liked them as well. She wasn't sure she could handle another surprise like that.

Alana chuckled and used some of the wet from Sophie's cunt to massage around her asshole. Sophie gasped. She could feel it twitch and pucker from the unexpected touch. 

"I told you I was planning this." 

Alana popped up and went to a large wardrobe in the corner. She returned with a strap on. The plastic cock was ribbed and realistically veined with a bulbous rounded knob and a large molded scrotum. It bobbed invitingly. Sophie stared wide-eyed while Alana hopped out of her skirt and stepped into the harness. Once she had it on she began to stroke the shaft and run her fingers over the head and reaching between her own legs began using the cream from her dripping pussy to lubricate it. Alana looked up at her.

"I am going to fuck the shit out of you with this thick hard plastic cock." 

Sophie shivered in response. She'd heard about strap ons, but had never seen one in person. It looked massive. Alana moved in behind her, and forced her head back down to bring her ass up. She started teasing Sophie's clit with the head of the thing, before running it up and down her opening.

"You want me to fuck you -- don't you. Beg me to fuck you." She growled. She spanked it upward against Sophie's wet pouting cunt lips. The resulting wet slapping sound seemed to satisfy her.

Sophie swallowed hard. "Yes..." she began

"Yes, WHAT??" barked Alana. She moved the cock and now slapped Sophie's ass hole with it -- eliciting a startled moan. 

"P-pl-lease fuck me." Sophie stuttered. She felt emboldened and arched her back to push back on the strap on. She could feel it straining against the opening to her cunt. "Fuck me with your big plastic cock." She said firmly. "Fuck me till I cum. I want to cum on it..." 

That was all she got out before Alana pushed forward and Sophie felt the head of the thing enter. She cried out. It was surprisingly warm but larger than she was used to. "Oh, God," She moaned. She felt Alana grab the back of her neck to hold her still while she fucked the rest of the cock into Sophie with long hard strokes. When she hit bottom she grabbed Sophie's ass cheeks in either hand and pulled them apart so she could see the outer lips Sophie's tight pussy suctioned firmly around the base of the thick dildo. All 8 inches of the 2 ½ inch diameter toy were buried in Sophie's overstuffed snatch. She spit into Sophie's ass crack and watched it roll down to her stretched out cunt. 

Sophie moaned at this new feeling of being so full. She hadn't thought she'd be able to take the whole length and Alana's hands prying her ass cheeks apart made her pussy feel impossibly tight. She could feel the her inner walls pulsing and pulling around the dildo. Just when she was getting used to the feeling Alana began to fuck. 

She leaned onto her hands that still held Sophie's ass cheeks and worked her hips back and forth. Every time she hit bottom she slammed into Sophie. 

"Take that cock, bitch." She spit out. She started to thrust faster, harder. "I'm goin to make you cream all over this shit and then lick it off -- you hear me?" 

Sophie whimpered in response. Between Alana's deep thrusts and the dirty commentary she was close to cumming again. Alana switched her grip and wrapped either hand around the front of Sophie's thighs so she could pull her into each thrust. She was pistoned in and out and the dildo began to glisten. There was a wet sucking noise each time she pulled the cock out and she grunted watching the thick pink shaft sink back into the waiting pussy. 

Sophie's tits swung in the air. Her hard sensitized nipples grazed the bench with every swing adding to the sensations. She gripped the bench so hard her knuckles and pads of her fingers went white. She was so loud by now she knew that if anyone got close enough to the house they would hear her moaning like a stuck pig with Alana fucking her from behind, but she didn't care. She felt her cunt contract. 

"I'm cumming" she moaned. "Ohhhhhhh shit. Oh Shit! Oh Shit!" The whole world seemed to grind to a halt except for Alana ramming the well-oiled dildo into her cunt. Darkness began to creep into the edges of her vision as the sensation from Alana's determined fucking exploded from her loins up into the rest of her body. She could feel the pricking of hot sweat breaking her skin's surface and a bead of it ran down the curve of her back Just when she thought everything would fade to black she felt her pussy clench one last time before she reached the pinnacle and orgasmed in a burst of light. Her body convulsed and shook while she moaned and gasped for air. When she finished and she felt her breathing slow to somewhat manageable pace; she dutifully got off the bench. Turned around and began sucking her cum off the dildo for the waiting Alana. While she deep throated the well used toy she slid two fingers into Alana's pussy and began rubbing her G-spot. It was only fair. 

"Unnnnhuh. Such a good little slut" Alana crooned. She arched her hips up off the bench -- simultaneously grinding her hungry aching cunt onto Sophie's fingers and fucking the cum covered dildo into her once shy companion's throat. With one last moan and a shuddering sigh she came. Sophie eagerly lapped up the overflow and held her fingers to Alana's lips. She watched intently while Alana thoroughly cleaned them with her tongue. Once satisfied she collapsed on the bench. The basement smelled like sex now, over the previous dustiness. 

"Damn." Sophie said. "We still have to make that dip."