 I noticed you immediately. You looked lost. But it's New York City, crammed with tourists that looked lost, so it wasn't just that that caught my attention. No, it was your eyes. They sparkled. It was your long legs, your shoulders, your neck. You were stunning. I had to talk to you. 

"Hey, it looks like you could use some help." I said. 

You turned around and looked at me. 

"Actually yes, I'm a little lost. I'm trying to find a yoga studio. My neck is killing me and I desperately need to stretch. Know of one?" you asked. 

I could tell by the amused smirk on your face that you thought you had stumped me. I don't look like I would know anything at all about yoga. You're long and lean. A yoga stereotype. I'm short and muscular, a former college soccer player. 

"Well if your neck is bothering you, you might be better off with a massage, don't you think? But sure, there's a yoga studio between 8th and Broadway. It's about six blocks from here. I'm done with work for today so I don't mind walking with you," I offered.

"Alright, if it's not an inconvenience, why not?" you respond. 

We start walking, the August humidity taking its toll quickly.

"So are you in New York for long?" I asked as I wiped sweat from my brow. 

"No, I'm only here for a couple days, today is my only day off. The next two days I'm stuck in meetings," you say as you roll your eyes. 

"Well if today is your only day off, let me show you around a little bit? I promise I don't bite. We'll start with the yoga studio and if you are up for it, we can grab some drinks after?" 

"Maybe," you smiled. Gorgeous. "Let's start with the yoga studio." 

We walked through the crowds making small talk until we finally found the yoga place. No classes available today. Shoot. I had to find a way to get you to stick around a bit longer. 

"How bad is your neck?" I asked. 

"It sucks but I'll live. Probably will just head back to the hotel and rest." 

Shit. No. 

"Well how about a drink first? I hear alcohol relaxes muscles?" 

Fuck, now I sound desperate. But I wanted to talk to you. Get to know you better. Your smile was intoxicating and the way you licked your lips before you answered made me instantly wet. I don't respond to people like this. Ever. 

"Alright, what the hell. There's a bar in my hotel, I'll buy you a drink since you walked me to the yoga place." 

YES!

We continued to chat about random things, where we lived, why we were in NY as we walked the two miles to your hotel. You were more than just super sexy. You were smart and funny. Now I was really interested. We made our way to the hotel and one drink turned into two turned into three. The conversation flowed effortlessly. Every once in a while you would rub your neck and shoulder, obviously it was still bothering you. Time to make my move. 

"I really think a massage would help with that," I suggested. 

"Oh yeah?" you smiled, "know any one that will come to my hotel and give me a massage at this hour?" 

This was it.

"Well, I'll do it if you want," I offered. 

pleasesayyespleasesayespleasesayyes. 

"You have any massage experience?" you inquired. 

"Let's just say you wouldn't be the first woman I've ever given a neck rub to," I responded. 

You paused. Did you understand? 

"Ok, let's go," you said as you grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the door and into the elevator. 

Those three drinks had hit me hard and I suddenly felt woozy. I leaned up against the side of the elevator, looking at you, as you leaned against the other side, staring back. 

Was it obvious that I wanted to fuck you? 

Finally we got to your floor, and I followed you to your room. After a couple tries you got the key in and the door swung open. 

You started to peel off your clothes. 

"I need a shower," you said as you stripped down in front of me all the way to your thong. Then that came off too. "Too much walking today and NY is so fucking humid. Have a seat, grab a drink from the minibar if you want, I won't be long." 

I tried not to stare, but failed. I couldn't believe that the sexy woman I had noticed on the streets just a few hours earlier was naked, and I was in her hotel room! 

Your body was amazing, better than I had imagined. Long and lean, flat stomach, well defined shoulders, long sexy neck, perfect breasts with hard cherry red nipples. Nicely waxed pussy. You obviously took care of your body. I liked that.

I watched as you disappeared into the bathroom, leaving the door wide open. I could look in the mirror and see you, hot steam surrounding your body as you leaned against the side and let the hot water rain down on you. I mixed myself my fourth G&T of the night, my hands trembling, as I continued to watch you in the shower.

You finally came out of the shower, hair wrapped in a towel, another towel wrapped tightly around your body. You walked over to your suitcase and pulled out some panties and slipped them on and towel dried your hair. You were even sexier now. 

Fuck. 

"OK," you whispered as you made your way to the bed, lying face down onto it. "Let's see what you can do." 

I swallowed hard. "Hang on one second," I replied as I made my way to the bathroom. Splashed cold water on my face, "get a grip, get a grip." 

I could feel my wetness with every step I took as I grabbed a bottle of lotion and sat down on the edge of the bed next to you. Gently I brushed your hair away from your neck as I warmed up some lotion in my hands. 

"Show me where it hurts," I said, and you motioned to the area as I started to massage it, gently at first and then more firmly when I found the knot.

"Yes, right there" you sighed. I worked on your neck and shoulders for a long time as you laid there and moaned occasionally. Finally the knot released and your entire body relaxed. 

"Want me to massage anywhere else?" I asked, and you told me that your entire back could use a massage and that your legs were tight too from all that walking. More lotion as I worked my way down to your middle back, then your lower back. 

"Can I move your panties down so I can rub your glutes?" I asked. I really wanted to rub your ass but glutes made it sound less...obvious. You said yes. 

I slipped my fingers under the band and lowered them until they were basically pointless to have on and I started to knead your ass, working down to your hamstrings and back up. 

"Damn, that feels good," you sighed. 

I didn't answer. I just kept working, down your legs to your calves, also tight from the walking, and back up. 

"Thank you," you finally said as you turned over onto your back and pulled your panties back up, hands tucked behind your head, your body completely exposed in the dim light of your room, encasing you in this reddish glow. Your nipples were hard again and as I let my eyes wander down your body I noticed the big, obvious wet spot on your panties. I smiled. And then I leaned over to kiss you, not sure how you'd react. 

Your mouth met mine, lips instantly parted, tongues touching. A hot, wet, desperate kiss, deeper. I wanted to devour you and you wanted me too. I pulled away, smiled and told you I needed a shower. You smiled, grabbed my hand and dragged me towards the bathroom as we continued kissing. Your hands worked quickly, undressing me as we made our way, leaving behind a kinky Hansel and Gretel-esque trail of clothes. I sat up on the edge of the sink and wrapped my legs around you as I tangled your hair around my fingers, pulling you in closer. Your hands were all over me running up my back, down my side, your lips on my neck, my collar bone. 

Finally we made our way into the shower and turned the water on as hot as we could tolerate it. And what an excellent shower it was. Multiple shower heads rained down on us from all directions, a built in ledge like it was designed for fucking. 

I maneuvered you to the ledge and sat you down on it as we continued kissing. I slipped my hand between your legs and finally felt your wetness. So hot and slick, swollen. I slid a finger inside you as we kissed. I could feel you catch your breath as you hissed in my ear, "yessss". 

Our kissing slowed now as I very slowly worked my finger in and out of you, fucking you gently, slipping out to rub circles around your clit, back down into your pussy. Two fingers now as your hips began to move to meet me, my thumb now rubbing your clit as I continued to fuck you with my fingers, harder now. Your head flew back as I found the right rhythm, in and out of your engorged pussy, thumb rubbing against your now throbbing, stiff clit. 

I began to kiss my way down your body, your neck, your chest, until finally I got to suck on your perky tits, nipples hard like rock candy. You moaned louder, and I could feel myself dripping as I kissed my way down your stomach until I was kneeling in front of you, ready to worship your pussy. And fuck, it was gorgeous. Swollen, dark red from arousal, lips spread calling me in, clit peeking out. 

I reached out with my tongue and touched you for the first time. You tasted delicious, I wanted more and buried my face into you as you propped your legs onto my shoulders and grabbed my head pressing yourself into my mouth. I could feel your clit swelling even more as I worked my tongue around it, flicked it, up and down firmly. 

Two fingers inside your pussy, then three, rotating slowly, as I felt you suck me in. You started to move, making it harder for me to maintain a rhythm so I just went with more pressure so that I didn't break contact with you. You fucked my face, using me to get yourself off. 

I loved it. 

Your body started to shudder as you got closer to coming. I felt like I was going to come just from watching you, fucking you. All of a sudden you stopped, frozen, eyes wide open as I felt a gush of wetness on my face. You came. Hard. So hard there was no sound. I was in ecstasy and so turned on that I started to come too without ever touching myself. A small orgasm but an orgasm nonetheless. 

You slid off the ledge onto the floor of the shower with me, legs wrapped around each other as we started kissing again, your mouth cold from sucking in air as you came. After a while we turned off the water and grabbed towels, surprisingly no awkwardness to be had. 

We went back into the bedroom, cold now. You sat on the bed, leaned backwards and opened your towel, inviting me in. I cannot get over just how gorgeous you are. You pulled at my towel and it fell to the side as I joined you on the bed.