 Sitting in the outdoor section with my friends at the club, I spend less time listening to them, and more time being drawn into your captivating spirit. Sipping on my sweet, tangy margarita, I look at you lustfully, wondering what you would taste like. You're so gorgeous, and I love the way that little section of your hair falls over your forehead. 

You're enjoying the company of your friends, so I feel quite safe admiring you. I loose myself watching you, mesmerised by the light glistening in your eyes, and the way you gently lick your lips after sipping at your drink. 

Allowing my attention to slowly wonder over your body, I feel my pussy start to ache a little. Realising I may be staring at you too intently, I look up to make sure you are still engaged in conversation. A pang of lust floods me, as I notice you're looking at me with the same intensity. 

Giving me a sly little look, I watch you mouth out, "Let's go inside?" 

Well, I hope that's what you said. 

Letting you lead the way, I watch you stand, and excuse yourself from your friends. It's not until I see you disappear through the doors back into the club that I stand, and tell my friends not to wait around for me. I needn't have bothered. They know exactly what I'm up to. 

Walking inside with a near finished cocktail in hand, I take my last sip and place the glass on the bar's counter top. My eyes eagerly search for you. Where have you gone? For a minute I worry that maybe you've already left, but then I see you. You look so fucking hot as you move seductively to the music. 

I watch you for a few seconds, but I'm not the only one. Others have their eyes locked on you too. I watch your hand flick back the hair that's fallen over your face. It's too much, I have to be near you, to smell you, and feel your body move in sync with mine. 

Positioning myself behind you, I'm careful not to touch you, but God I want to. As the music floods me, I start moving with it. Sensing me there, you move yourself back, getting a little closer. My nipples harden as your shoulders brush against my breasts. Gently, I touch your right thigh; my caresses linger before sweeping up to the middle of your torso. Pulling you into me, your sweet arse rests on my upper thighs. I feel you grind into me. Biting my own lip is all I can do to stop myself from ravishing you right there. 

Brushing away the hair from the side of your neck, I lean in to kiss you gently. The smell of you, along with notes of musk, sandalwood, and vanilla drive me into complete lust and utter abandonment. You turn your head and gaze into my eyes, and slowly your body follows. 

Leaning in, your lips meet mine in a soft caress. I run my tongue between your lips, and feel you relax against me. Your mouth opens slightly, and I take part of your bottom lip in, and suck on it tenderly. One of your hands moves up, twisting through my long, wavy hair, until it cradles the back of my head and neck. Shivers run through me, as you push your tongue forward to meet mine. Your other hand falls with a slight slap on my arse. Fuck, that's it, I have to have you. 

Taking you by the hand, I lead you to the ladies, and into a cubicle. You turn around to lock the door behind us and pause for a few seconds. Before you can contemplate this situation, I draw you back into me. With one arm wrapped around your waist, the other gravitates to your left breast. Cupping it in my hand, I let out a moan as my fingers find your nipples are already erect and firm to the touch. 

You whisk your long hair away from the left side of your neck. Leaning in closer I gaze at your cleavage rising and falling with each breath you take. I plant a soft kiss at the base of your neck before slowly dragging my lips towards your ear. Running my tongue over its outer ridge, you shudder against me as I gently blow air over the same path. 

Turning around to face me, your beauty takes my breath away. My hands cup your face gently, and I lean in to kiss you; softly at first, urgency growing with every second. Our tongues meet together in exploration, greedily dancing in a whirl wind of passion. Reaching down to clasp the bottom of your dress, I drag the flimsy material up until it's bunched around your hips. My hands slowly move up your inner thigh caressing your silky, soft skin before my thumb brushes against the crotch of your soaked, satin panties. 

My own moisture starts to grow, as I feel how wet you are. I touch you through the material, stroking you from your sweet, wet centre to your clit. As I start to run my fingers around your swollen bud, you let out a quiet, strangled groan, and press yourself against my hand.

Damn it, I need to smell you, taste you. Moving down you body my fingers graze over your breasts, stomach and hips. Peeling away the layer that separates me from you, I beckon you to me. You reach your right leg out to the far corner of the cubical, and lean yourself back against the door. Now balanced, you crouch down a little to me. You smell amazing. My tongue delicately licks your outer lips, and then moves between them. I sweep my tongue from your hot, wet pussy to you clit, circling it firmly. You push yourself into me, grinding against my mouth eagerly. Your moans grow more urgent, and I stop caressing you. You look down at me disappointedly, and move yourself towards my mouth again. Pulling back, I stare into your eyes, raising a brow slightly. 

"Fuck me," you moan, "Please, fuck me." 

That's all I wanted to hear. My mouth gravitates back to your pussy, tongue lapping up to your clit and back down again. Tensing my tongue, I force it into your sweet pussy. I hold your hips, and draw you down on me as hard as I can. Fuck, you taste so good. Sensing your need, I move my mouth back to your clit. As my tongue applies pressure to your engorged little button, I slide two fingers inside you. 

With my mouth sucking on your clit, and my fingers thrusting into your pussy, you start to crow a melody of moans. The sounds you make are so erotic. It's about now I wish I had a cock to push inside you and take you, ravenously and roughly.

Inserting another finger, I start to rhythmically push them into your g spot. I tease your swollen, throbbing clit by releasing it and then sucking it back in. As you start to approach orgasm, your moans caress the club's bathroom walls. The harder and faster I fuck your pussy, the more urgent your moans become. You start pleading for me to make you cum. 

You cry out as your body starts to shake and shudder. Your muscles convulse and grip my fingers tightly, sucking them further into your hot, dripping cunt. You ride out the orgasm by urgently rocking yourself against my hand. Keeping my mouth against you, I feel the last few dying pulsations of your clit. 

Pulling me up into your arms, you stare at me with overwhelmed eyes. Leaning in you kiss me sweetly, tasting yourself on my lips, and tongue. I become aware of the empty ache between my legs, and I wonder if I'll get any relief. 

Moving back out, you stare into my eyes intently, "Where to from here baby?"

Something inside of me jumps.