 I was getting along well with Josh's girlfriend, Michelle, as well. When he invited me over the following Saturday, I realized it was a good chance to get to know her as well. She was hardly 5' tall and Hawaiian. She had a large chest, hair falling down her back in ringlets, and she always had a genuine smile on her face. 

I made sure we would have a few hours alone before we came over. When she invited me in, she apologized that had made so much food. "I just like to serve" she giggled with a shrug of her shoulders. As I rounded the corner I saw she had made two large plates of waffles. There was even an empty pitcher next to a jug of orange juice and a bottle of champagne.

I hugged her and made sure she knew I was happy to let her serve me. 

She set her plate down as soon as we were done eating. I could tell that something had been on her mind. Scooting closer to me, she said "I'm a little jealous of your relationship with my boyfriend."

"I thought you two were polyamorous?" I said. "I don't want anyone to feel put out..."

"No," she giggled, "I'm not jealous of the attention he's giving you. I'm..." she paused and looked down at her folded hands for a moment. Her cheeks flushed. 

"I'm jealous of the attention you're giving him. Instead of me." She batted her eyelashes up at me, waiting for a response. I waited for her to continue. 

"When we met at the club, I felt like we really had a connection. I actually really like girls - Josh is the first man I've ever been in love with. And I just want to feel that with you, too."

"Oh, sweetie." I put my hand up to her hair and twirled it around my hand a few times, making sure I caught the strands that fell around her neck. She smiled sweetly. 

"I do feel that connection with you. I'm just shy around girls - I've had so many girls in my life who think they're bisexual, but it turns out they're just curious."

She smiled wider, and I could read her at that moment. I knew I could have her as well. 

She likes to serve. 

She needed a task.

I placed my other arm around her waist. "I've just never... had the chance to figure out how to please a woman. I know what I'm doing with men. Men are easy."

"So easy!" She agreed. Her eyes brightened at our shared secret. I hid a smile. She wanted to please me so badly.

"I just don't know how to make a woman feel good. So I never make a first move." This time I was the one looking at her through my eyelashes. "I just don't want to do anything wrong."

She was smiling wider at me. Her hand was warm on my forearm. 

"I know exactly how you feel," she said quietly. I widened my eyes in surprise.

"You do?" She stood in response, gripping my hand to pull me up with her. 

"Let me show you something." I warmed inside as I watched her jump at the task I had given her. 

"The thing about girls," she was saying as she led me through the living room and up a flight of stairs, "is that you already know what turns you on. Right?"

"Of course."

"So you already know what to do." She bent over in front of me and opened a drawer, rustling around. I could see a few dildos and toys over her shoulder. "Do you remember that first night I met you, when I was talking about double-ended dildos?"

"Yeah," I said. My guard had been down that night. I had confessed to her I didn't understand the mechanics. How could both girls get off at the same time? I had never even seen one before.

She had pulled a plastic box up to the bed with a flourish. Inside was a purple double-ended dildo, and in her other hand she held a leather harness with a hole in the middle.

Then her tiny hands were on my hips, pressing me against the mattress as she kissed me. I instinctively hoisted myself to sit on the mattress as her kisses deepened. I ran my hands through her long hair and the smell of her shampoo hit me - apples. I was still aware of the dildo resting next to me on the bed and I started to imagine how it would feel if she fucked me. Would it be different with a woman? Would it turn me on seeing both body parts of a male and a female at the same time on top of me?

At the same time, I was so turned on. I hadn't touched a girl in over two years. I lifted her shirt above her head, stroking her hair as I made sure it didn't tangle. She giggled as her breasts swayed in front of me, and she bent down to take off her tights and her shoes. I took the opportunity to pull my shirt and pants off as well. We were grinning at each other as she reached next to me to take the dildo out of the plastic box, throwing the box to the side. 

As I watched, she threaded her legs through the straps carefully. As the straps reached her knees she paused to work the dildo into the harnesses's hole.

Before she pulled the harness the rest of the way up her legs, she looked up at me. Her eyes looked hungry. "Watch this," she said in a soft voice. I realized what she was doing right before the smaller end of the dildo was pulled up inside her. Her head fell back and she bit her lip as it snuggled against her G-spot, and I suddenly understood the toy.

This will feel just as good for her...

She stepped between my legs, and this time I could feel the plastic pressed up against me. She started to kiss me again, and I was beginning to gyrate as I felt the plastic rubbing against me. 

I was expecting the head of the thing to press inside me right away, but instead she bent down, pushed my legs apart and began to kiss me, lapping up everything I had dribbled on my own inner thighs. I leaned back and I was already arching my back, wanting to be touched, wanting to be fucked by this incredible little creature that was dominating me.

Her nails grabbed my thighs. The thickness of her tongue was thrusting inside of me. I could feel her saliva dripping down my thighs, mixing with my wetness. She moaned against my clit, and the vibrations hit my core. 

I didn't realize she had stopped until, instead of her soft hands, I felt something cold and hard against me. I looked back at her and she met my eyes. Her expression was primal. 

Then she thrusted.

Her head was back and she was biting her lip. The expression of a girl who's getting fucked; but at the same time, she was fucking me, standing over me and gripping my ankles with her hands. My core began to vibrate again.

We came together like that, her thrusting harder and harder into me, my gripping the sheets next to me and needing to cum again, blown away by the fact that this sexy little Hawaiian girl could have so much control over me...