 Our eyes caught from across the room and I felt a thrill I had never felt before. I know it is wrong, and it is forbidden lust but I couldn't stop feeling like there was something here. Like I wanted there to be something more.

I hadn't really wanted to go to this dinner party, but Roy, my husband, insisted he could not go without me. So here I was, in a stuffy, garishly decorated dining room of one of Roy's stuck up colleagues. Drinking expensive champagne, wearing a cocktail dress and counting down the hours until we could escape and I could get out of these ridiculous heels. 

I always try to stay out of the conversation in situations like this, I resent Roy using me as a pretty trophy to parade around in front of his peers but it does mean it gives me an excuse to not involve myself. 

I was looking from person to person, comparing snobbish outfit after snobbish outfit...when it happened...

One of the other guests was staring at me and continued to stare as I stared back.

Don't get me wrong, I am used to being stared at. Usually by someone who thinks I am below them and not worth any of their time. It's not that I look horrible, I'm actually not too bad looking in my opinion. 5, 4, curvy, long light brown hair and green eyes. And I'm not dumb... I'm a primary school teacher.... But compared to Roy's profession (as a Doctor) I am worthless really. So being stared at so intently by this stranger, being stared at without their expression being shadowed by disdain seemed fairly new to me. 

And then a wave of lust engulfed me, so strong, like nothing I had ever felt before.... Their piercing blue eyes seeing through me... I could have sworn they could read my mind. 

Blushing to the roots of my hair I excused myself and made my way to the bathroom. Locking the door behind me I splashed some water on my face and caught my breath. I was staring into the mirror and contemplating just leaving this place due to embarrassment when I heard a soft tapping on the door. 

I slowly opened the door to find her standing there. The guest with the piercing blue eyes... wearing a deep plum coloured tight dress so low cut her breasts were straining to escape, the material clung at the curves of her hips and the skirt dropped to just below the knee. She had a stunning mane of shiny golden hair that hung to the middle of her back. She slowly made her way towards me into the bathroom and as she crossed the threshold she closed the door behind her. I didn't realise I was holding my breath until the door was closed and I began to breathe again. 

I looked down out of embarrassment just to be struck with the sight of her pale bare legs, her high heels shaping them to perfection.

'Hi, I was just seeing if you were ok, you excused yourself so quickly from the table.' Said the stunning stranger.

'Oh, yes I'm ok; I just think the champagne went to my head. I don't think we have been introduced, my name is Cassie, and you are?'

'My name is Victoria.' She replied coming closer to me. She smelt stunning, like vanilla and Christmas. She stroked my arm and stared intently into my eyes. 'We had quite a staring competition in there didn't we... I don't know if anyone's ever told you, you have stunning eyes.'

She took another step closer, her hand skimming the inside of my elbow, up to my shoulder, across my breast. 

'You have a gorgeous neckline on your dress,' she said as she played her fingers along it. 

Stunned to silence I let her continue. Her fingers started searching below the material of my dress, searching for my nipples. She then brought her pouting lips down on mine. 

I had never had such a kiss in my life. She parted my lips with her sweet tasting tongue, caressed my tongue with her own as her hand found one nipple and pinched it out of my dress, then the other one. Her other hand began skimming over my thighs and bum... pinching and caressing. 

We broke off and she began nibbling down my neck, kissing, sucking. I felt like I was too big for my own skin, like I needed to break out of this dress holding me together. My hands found her curvaceous hips and pulled her towards me so our bodies were intertwined; she brought her lips to meet mine again. My bare breasts against her cleavage, our crotches grinding. I lost myself in her.

Our kisses became more urgent, my hands found her perfectly pert bum; I just wanted to hold onto her for dear life, feel her every inch. She tugged my dress down to my hips, her hands roaming along my spine, under my breasts, down my sides. She stopped kissing me and knelt down to the ground in front of me, pulled my dress all the way down... stopping to look up at me with wicked eyes. 

She parted my legs and leant my bum against the sink and began caressing my cunt with her finger, the place I had only been touched by Roy. She began kissing my inner thighs, rubbing me deeper and deeper. I wanted more, I couldn't stop myself groaning, I wanted so much. She kissed my thighs, making her way up to my thong line and slid her tongue under the sheer material. I squealed, I had never felt anything so good. Like it was what she needed for permission she stood up, unzipped her own dress and threw it down to the ground. If I thought she was stunning before she was even more stunning in just her lacy black knickers. She knelt back down to the ground and pulled my thong down with her teeth. She let them fall to the floor and slowly licked my lips, parting them to find my clit whilst staring at my face. Her tongue began to move faster over my clit, her fingers probing in between my lips, filling me. I came so fast, and with it my legs quivered in my heels. I threw my head back and smacked the mirror above the sink as the waves of excitement hit every nerve in my body. 

She slowly began kissing me along my pelvis, my hips, my stomach as she removed her fingers from my swollen pussy and worked her lips up my body towards mine. She stopped only to lick my hardened nipples. She made it to my mouth and I could taste myself on her lips, her tongue. Her hands were caressing my bum, my thighs, my sides and breasts. I mirrored her movements and slowly slipped her knickers off revealing her smooth moist slit. 

Hesitation kicked in... 'Where do I go from here'? I thought to myself. I've only ever been on the receiving end of any female attention. This was my first time. I think she must have sensed my uncertainty as she pulled away from me to look in my eyes questioningly. 

'Do what feels right' Victoria said breathlessly.

I ran my hands down her sides, round over her small but firm pale cheeks and round to the inside of her thighs. I cautiously ran my hands up the inside of her thighs... slowly reaching the small smooth lips surrounding her slightly erect clit. I ran my fingers up and down her lips, not forgetting to circle her clit as well which made her gasp softly. This was all I needed to instil confidence in my actions and I became bolder....

The more I teased around her lips the more she moved away from moist and towards WET. 

There was no place to go but in... I slid my index finger between her lips and into the warm wet opening beyond. Again a breathless groan escaped her luscious pink lips. Slowly I began sliding my finger in and out of her almost dripping pussy. The wetness looked and felt so inviting, curiosity took over and I had to taste her. I leant forwards and kissed her just above her clit, then I slowly ran my tongue down one lip and up the other until her body gave an involuntary shudder. I started to circle the tip of my tongue around her clit whilst quickening the pace of my finger sliding in and out of her. Her warmth and wetness in my mouth wasn't enough, I had to have more, I had to have all of her. With my other hand I grabbed hers and pulled her down onto her back on the floor. I knelt between her and buried my face between her milky white thighs and began to suck on her very erect clit. Sucking on her clit was clearly a turn on as she started writhing and moaning softly. From my base between her legs I could see her fling her head back and biting her bottom lip with her eyes closed. I parted her lips with my fingers so I could taste her deeper which made her wrap her soft pale thighs around my neck and her whole body began to quiver. Her moans began to get louder and I could feel her whole body tighten and her lips clench. She wrapped her fingers in my hair keeping me close as suddenly warm spurts of sweet sticky fluid met my lips and tongue. 

I started to furiously lick and suck as I couldn't get enough of the taste of her warm wet cum and I wanted to savour it all. As the urge to slowly savour every drop was over powered by my own sexual excitement. Victoria voice was husky when she whispered 'I don't think another woman has ever made me cum so hard before. '

I slid myself up her body so I looked her into her eyes, our breast touching, the warmth of her crotch radiating against my own. As our lips touched, she lifted one of my legs over her hips, wrapped hers around me, and the next thing I knew we were sitting up our legs intertwined, our clits and lips rubbing against each others. Our moistness as one. 

We writhed together with almost primitive instinct. Hips gyrating as we grabbed at each other, this time we came together. Our bodies shuddering as ones, our groans and sighs a symphony. 

Sweating and sticky we collapsed to the ground, stroking each other where we could reach. We both lay there our hearts pounding, gasping for breath. We lay there as I stared into her piercing blue eyes, no words able to describe how I was feeling. She reached her hand out to stroke my cheek.

'You're beautiful and you have a gift' Victoria said breathlessly. 'I wish this moment didn't have to end'. Before I knew what to say she had stood up, slipped her dress back on, smiled and walked out the door, leaving me with nothing but her black lacy knickers and the smell of her on my skin, to prove that she was even here...