 This is a Nude Day contest story. Please vote.

Careful what you wish for, a lost poker bet leads to lesbian sex and more. 

*

Two best friends, John and Tom, were sitting around drinking beer and talking, when their conversation turned to their wives, Christine and Julie, having lesbian sex.

"Every time I watch a movie with two women kissing, I think of watching my wife having lesbian sex with someone," said John to Tom.

"Yeah, what is that about? I do, too. It makes me hot just thinking about watching Julie with someone," said Tom. "Imagine if we could get our wives drunk enough that they'd have lesbian sex with one another?"

"That would be so hot to watch, but Christine would never go for it. She's too much into men. She'd never lick another woman's pussy," said John. "Every time I talk to her during pillow talk about her being with another woman, she stops me from talking about it. Lesbian sex totally turns her off," said John.

"Or maybe just the opposite," said Tom with an excited smile on his face.

"What do you mean?"

"Maybe talking about her being with another woman totally turns her on," said Tom.

"Wow, I never thought of that. Now that would be something to watch," said John looking at his friend. "I'd love to see Christine having sex with another woman. Did you ever talk to Julie about having lesbian sex?"

"I did," said Tom.

"And what did she say?"

"She didn't say anything. It's what she did," said Tom.

"What did she do?"

"Well, every time I want to get Julie off and give her an orgasm, I just have to change the subject of our pillow talk over to her having lesbian sex with another women."

"Oh, my God. Seriously? No shit," said John looking at his friend nodding. "I wonder if she thinks about having sex with Christine."

"That would be so hot," said Tom. "Yeah, I'd love to see Julie and Christine go at one another like dirty dogs in heat and making out, before stripping off their clothes and going down on one another." 

"That would be wicked hot," said John.

"That would be wicked hot," said Tom.

"I'm getting up," said John. "You want another beer?"

"Yeah," said Tom.

* * * * *

Christine, a petite, pretty blonde and Julie, a tall, sexy redhead, were best friends forever. Christine was married to John, a John Travolta look alike, when he played in Grease and Julie was married to Tom, a tall, blonde haired and blue eyed, good looking Scandinavian type. Married around the same time, both couples had just celebrated their seventh wedding anniversaries. With the uncertainty of the economy and still all so very young, still enjoying the good times of traveling and drinking without the responsibility and expense of children, neither couple were ready to have kids.

Every weekend it was their routine to get together to watch a movie, play a board game, or play cards, while relaxing over a few drinks. Whether it was accidental or on purpose, the women weren't shy about flashing the men their bras with down blouses and panties with up skirts. As their drinking increased, every weekend their teasing grew more daring and their sexual innuendoes more provocatively revealing. At first, nothing more than touchy feely, without realizing it or maybe they all knew exactly what they were doing, but the two couples were getting dangerously close to the swinging lifestyle and swapping spouses.

Still, even though they may have harbored the thoughts about swapping partners, they did nothing more than stealing a quick kiss with a desperate grope. By all the suggestive, dirty talk that the guys continued making, no doubt, they were interested in swapping wives, but the women not so much. It's funny how, generally, the guys are the ones who want to watch their women with another man and who want to participate in the swinging lifestyle and it's the women who don't. Yet, once a couple tries a threesome and experiences swinging, it's usually the women who run with the adrenaline rush of sexuality and who don't want to stop. Now, with the four of them on vacation for the week and getting together nightly instead of weekly, the heat of their lustful desire suddenly caught fire and burst into a flaming inferno, especially after John asked a single, simple question.

"Does anyone know what day it is?"

"Thursday," said his wife, Christine. "Maybe you shouldn't have any more to drink, John," she said with a laugh. 

"I had two beers," he said looking at Julie and Tom with a Cheshire cat smile. "Other than it being Thursday, what else is it today?"

"July 14th. Duh," said Julie, slapping Christine a high five.

"Okay, it's Thursday, July 14th," said John. "What else?"

"What else what?" Tom looked at his best friend with curiosity.

"No one knows what today is?" John looked from Christine to Julie to Tom, while waiting for an answer. "C'mon, seriously?"

"We already told you. It's Thursday, July the 14th," said Christine not appearing amused by his smugness and looking already a bit annoyed and bored with his game.

"Oh, I know," said Tom. "It's Bastille Day. The Day the French celebrate the end of the monarchy. That's what you were thinking about, right John?"

"No, well, yeah, it is Bastille Day, but that's not what I was thinking about," said John.

"Oh, I know," said Julie excited. Filled with the enthusiasm of a young Goldie Hawn, albeit a little bit naively dumb, she was so cute, when she got excited over something. "Today is Lady Gaga's 25th birthday," she said laughing and slapping Christine another high five. "I just love her," said Julie singing a melody of Lady Gaga songs, Poker Face, Just Dance, and Bad Romance from her Fame album

"Okay," said John. "I didn't know that today was Lady Gaga's birthday. What else is today?"

"Okay, we give up," said Christine. "We just want to play cards, John, and not play 20 questions. Just tell us what else today is."

"Today is Nude Day, a national holiday," said John taking a sip of beer and sitting back in his chair obviously proud of himself that he was the only one who knew.

"Oh, that's right," said Christine. "You're mistaken about it being Lady Gaga's birthday, Julie," said Christine. "Lady Gaga was born on March 28th. I remember now. When asked her birthday in an interview, because she was wearing a nearly see-through body stocking, she replied July 14th, Nude Day, as a goof."

"Nude Day? It is?" Julie looked at her friend. "Nah, there's no such day as Nude Day. For sure, in the way that Tommy's preoccupied with naked women, he'd know if there was such a day as Nude Day. Right Tommy?" Julie looked at her husband for verification one way or the other.

"Actually," said Tom. "John's right. I forgot that today is Nude Day."

"No way. Julie's right. There's no such thing as Nude Day. I know what you're up to, John. You're just putting us on hoping to play strip poker and get us naked on the pretense of it being Nude Day," said Christine with a laugh and making Julie laugh, too.

Only, biting her lip, Julie had that look about her, as if she wouldn't mind striping naked in front of John, Tom, and especially Christine.

"Yeah, well, admittedly, that's always our plan to play strip poker and get you two ladies naked, for sure, but Google Nude Day, if you don't believe me," said John. "Today is Nude Day."

Christine and Julie got up out of their chairs and went to the computer, while John stared at Julie's ass and Tom stared at Christine's ass. Even when married to the prettiest woman in the world, after being married a while, sometimes the ass always looks better on another woman.

"You're right. Today is Nude Day," said Christine returning to the table. "So now that we identified what today is, Thursday, July 14th, Bastille Day, not Lady Gaga's birthday, and Nude Day, can we just play cards?" Christine looked from John to Tom with a feigned smile.

"Happy Nude Day," said Julie raising up her glass to toast. "Okay, I'm ready. Let's play Whist."

"Well, I was thinking that we should do something to celebrate the National Nude Day holiday," said John clinking beer bottles with Tom in a devious toast.

"Oh, no, you don't, John. I don't mind flirting and teasing and flashing my bra and panty, when we're all drunk out of our minds. I don't even mind Tom groping me, feeling my tits, and trying to stick his tongue in my mouth, while forcing me to feel his erection through his pants, but I know what your idea of celebrating a Nude Day holiday is and I'm telling you right now that I'm not getting naked," said Christine.

"Wait, back up," said John. "You flashed Tom your panties and bra?"

"Yeah, so?" Christine looked from John to Tom and avoided eye contact with Julie.

"And Tom kissed you? French kissed you?"

"It was more like a peck with tongues," said Christine with a nervous laugh.

"And he felt your tits, while you felt his cock?"

"The back of my hand may have brushed by his erection. Yes."

"I was just making sure because Julie and I are guilty of the same thing," said John with a big horse laugh.

"You're such an asshole, John," said Christine. "And I'm still not getting naked, Johnny."

"Me neither," said Julie. "I didn't shave my legs," she said with a chuckle.

"Maybe if we all get drunk enough, we won't care or remember if we got naked or not," laughed Tom and making everyone else laugh, too.

"Okay, then, let me think about what else we can do to celebrate Nude Day," said John. "Let's see. We can watch the Nude Day fireworks, but they only have fireworks on the Fourth of July. We can turn on the TV and watch the Nude Day parade, only there isn't a parade until Thanksgiving Day. We can watch the Nude Day big testicle ball drop in Times Square, but they only do that for New Year's Eve. Oh, I know, let's play strip poker," said John laughing, while leering at Julie.

"I'm not playing strip poker with you two horn balls," said Christine giving Tom a sexy look.

"I'll play, if you play," said Julie giving Christine a lustful look and touching her hand, before giving John the eye.

John watched his wife soften, while looking at Julie. Always together laughing, talking, and whispering, the closest thing to sisters, they were best friends forever. Yet, the look that they suddenly shared made him wonder if they were even closer than he realized. The look they shared made him imagine them kissing, French kissing, while naked.

"Okay, but let me go put on more clothes first," said Christine with a laugh.

"I'll come with you," said Julie. "Do you have an extra sweater, a jacket, a hat, gloves, boots, and a scarf?" 

"No way. That's not fair. You're both wearing enough clothes already," said John.

"To make it fair, let's count how many clothing items each of us are wearing," said Tom. "I'm wearing pants, shirt, tee shirt, boxers, socks, and shoes. That's eight items.

"I'm wearing pants, shirt, tee shirt, briefs, socks, and shoes. That's eight items," said John.

"Okay," said Christine. "I'm wearing a blouse, pants, bra, panties, and shoes. That's only six items. See? That's not fair with me having only six items to remove and you guys having eight items."

"I'm wearing a blouse, pants, bra, panties, and shoes. I'm only wearing six items, too. Christine's right. This isn't fair," said Julie. "We'll be naked after only a few hands."

"You say that, as if there's something wrong with that," said John, while giving Julie another leer.

"Okay, wait. Hold on," said Tom, "what if John and I take off our shoes. Then, we'd only have six items, too."

"No," said Christine. "That won't work. With so few items, I have a funny feeling that Julie and I would be sitting here naked in no time, while you and Tom ogled our naked bodies, before you started groping us, while hoping we'll blow you."

"Actually, that's not a bad idea," said John laughing.

"Yeah, well, dream on, Johnny boy, 'cause that will never happen," said Christine clinking glasses with Julie.

"I know what we can do," said Tom. "You can count your earrings as items."

"Okay," said Julie reaching up to her ears to feel if she was wearing earrings. 

"Okay," said Christine, "but the most we'll do is to strip naked. We're not doing any of that other stuff that goes along with playing strip poker with strippers and porn stars. That's all swinger stuff and we're not into any of that."

"What other stuff?" John looked at his wife with a face full of feigned innocence.

"Don't give me that look. You know exactly what I mean, Johnny," said Christine. "If Julie or I are sitting here naked that's the end of the game. I mean it. We don't play another hand to have Julie feel your cock or have Tom feel my breast."

"I'm hurt that you'd think I'd pimp out my wife over a mere game of strip poker, Christine," said John with a phony hurt look on his face.

"You'd pimp me out for beer," said Christine with a laugh.

"Well, that depends on the brand of beer and if it's just a bottle, a six pack, or a case," he said laughing and slapping Tom the high five. "Definitely, it would at least have to be a six pack of imported beer," said John with another laugh.

"Okay," said Tom. "I have no problem with only playing strip poker and once someone is naked the game is over. Only what if John or I am sitting here naked instead of you or Julie?" He looked to Christine for her answer.

"Oh, that's a no brainer," said Christine with a laugh and looking at Julie.

"What's a no brainer?" John looked at his wife with interest.

"If you or Tom lose all your clothes, then with the next hand you lose, you have to have gay sex with one another," said Christine slapping Julie the high five.

"Gay sex? No way," said John. "I'm not gay."

"Gross," said Tom. "Unless I was in prison and forced to have man sex with a redneck named Big Bubba, I'll never have gay sex."

"I see you've put a lot of thought into when you'd have gay sex," said John to Tom with a laugh that made the women laugh, too.

"Very funny," said Tom. "You know what I mean."

"Now on the other hand, since you mentioned it, if you or Julie lose all your clothes and then lose another hand, you must have lesbian sex with one another," said John slapping Tom a high five, "while we watch."

"Oh, yeah, I like that idea," said Tom. "That's hot."

"Lesbian sex? Eww. Gross," said Christine. "I never understood what guys get out of watching two women having sex with one another, anyway." Christine looked at Julie and Julie returned her look with interest. "Besides, that doesn't sound fair."

"Yeah," said Julie, "other than having a wonderful orgasm, something you guys don't give us," she said with a laugh, "what do we get out of having lesbian sex?"

As if she was entertaining the idea of having lesbian sex with Christine, John was surprised by the look that Julie gave him, while she furtively looked over at Christine. Maybe it was just the alcohol getting to her, but unable to tell if she was embarrassed, excited, or interested, and contemplating the idea of having lesbian sex with her best friend, Julie looked at John and Tom, before looking back at Christine with a flushed face.

"What do you get out of it? Well, you get to make out with one another, French kiss one another, while feeling one another's body," said Tom.

"Oh, my God, that's so hot," said John. "My sexual fantasy come true, I'd love to see you two together."

"Then, fingering one another's pussy and licking one another, you get to give one another an orgasm, while we watch and masturbate over all the hot lesbian action," said Tom slapping John a high five.

"Listen to you two. Both of you are such perverts. I can just see you standing over us masturbating, while Julie and I are kissing and touching one another."

"They'd be so excited that they'd probably shoot their loads all over our naked bodies," said Christine with a sexy laugh.

"Oh, I like that idea," said John. "I wouldn't mind cumming all over you, Julie."

"Eww," said Julie.

"Eww," said Christine, punching her husband in the shoulder. "You're such a pig, Johnny."

"Then, later, when alone in bed, you give us hot pillow talk about your lesbian experience, before sucking our cocks," said John nodding his excitement to Tom.

"Dream on, Johnny. I'm with Julie," said Christine. "If we agree to have lesbian sex, when we lose, what will you guys give us, if we win?"

"What will we give you, if we lose and you win? If you lose, we'll give you our undying gratitude for allowing us to watch you two having lesbian sex," said Tom with a laugh.

"Now, on the other hand, if you win, we'll give you our heartfelt congratulations for wining at strip poker and allowing us to see you naked, while we get to expose our erect cocks to you," said John laughing and high fiving Tom again.

"Oh, no, we want more than that," said Christine, while looking to Julie for support.

"Yeah, we want something more tangible," said Julie giving Christine a wink and a grin.

"Tangible? What do you mean tangible? Like what?" John looked at Julie.

"If we agree to have lesbian sex when losing, we want a $500 shopping spree each for winning," said Julie.

"On the good chance of you two will lose at strip poker and we get to watch you have lesbian sex, I can do that," said John laughing while looking at Tom.

"Yeah, that's fine with me," said Tom.

"Oh, no you don't. You're not getting off that easy," said Christine. "Even if we lose and have lesbian sex, we want a $500 shopping spree, too."

"Wait, let me get this straight," said John. "No matter if you win or lose at strip poker, no matter if you just get naked or get naked and then have lesbian sex, you still win the $500 shopping spree," said John.

"That's right," said Julie giving her friend a hug and giving Christine a kiss on the lips, as a prelude of what was to come.

"Yeah, that's right," said Christine returning Julie's hug and kiss.

"Oh, my God. Look at these two teasing us already," said John.

"Well, I don't know about you, John but this sounds like a win/win for me," said Tom laughing.

"Oh, yeah, I'm game, if you two are," said John looking from his wife to Julie.

"Now that I think more about it, this is too lopsided," said Christine.

"Lopsided?" John looked at his wife. "What do you mean this is lopsided? Win or lose you get to go shopping with our money."

"You two don't care if we win or lose, so long as you see us naked. Then, if we lose, it's an added bonus for you to watch us have lesbian sex," said Christine.

"Yeah, so," said John with a laugh, while staring at Julie and imagining her naked and in between his wife's legs.

"Yeah, I get where Christine is going with this. We need something more from you, too," said Julie.

"More than a $500 shopping spree?" Tom looked at John.

"Not more money but more of a penalty if you lose and we win," said Julie.

"I'm not following you," said John.

"Okay," said Christine. "If we win at strip poker and you lose, in addition to the shopping spree, you have to do the food shopping, wash and wax our cars, and cook dinner for the rest of the week naked, while only wearing an apron," said Christine laughing.

"Oh, yeah, Christine, I like that idea," said Julie.

"Okay, I agree," said John reluctantly.

"I agree, too," said Tom.

"Let the Nude Day strip poker game begin," said John shuffling and dealing the cards.

Within twenty minutes and a dozen or so hands, John and Tom were sitting in their underwear and Christine and Julie were sitting in their bras and panties. The next hand, Christine tried to bluff with king high and lost the hand along with her bra. Either she was cold or sexually excited but her nipples were erect. Tom and Julie stared at Christine's C cup breasts, while John watched Tom's reaction to seeing his wife's tits. 

