 "Ding, Dong," rang Sandy's doorbell. "Oh my gosh, that must be Madison," she thought. Madison was her blind date for the evening. "I hope I haven't overdone it with this dress," she wondered as she went to open the door. She was wearing a sexy, strapless red dress and red pumps. Her auburn hair was tucked neatly into a bun, except for a few stands that hung on each side of her face. Sandy opened the door and found the most gorgeous woman she had ever seen standing before her eyes. 

"Sandy, I presume," said the woman, "I'm Madison." 

Sandy could barely speak. "Yes, I 'm Sandy. Please come in." As Madison walked through the doorway, Sandy's eyes traveled up and down her shapely body. She felt a sudden familiar flood of warmth rush over her. She could barely breath. She found herself wanting to skip dinner and to lead Madison straight to her bedroom. "I bet that spaghetti strapped dress she is wearing will look even better tossed on the floor," she thought to herself.

"You have a very beautiful apartment, Sandy," Madison said as she took a seat on the sofa. "Thanks," said Sandy, "Would you like to see the rest of it?" As Sandy took Madison on a tour of her apartment, she couldn't help noticing how magnificent Madison's body was. She had a perfectly rounded ass and large perky breasts. Her legs and thighs were well toned and her mocha colored skin was flawless. The last room Sandy showed her was her bedroom. She made sure that Madison had gotten a good look at the giant king sized waterbed in the center of the room. If things went the way that Sandy hoped they would, the two of them would be enjoying the bed together very soon.

Sandy and Madison made their way to the dinning room. Sandy set the table and began to serve dinner. "Everything looks wonderful," Madison said. "Well, I hope everything tastes as good as it looks," replied Sandy jokingly, "Is white wine okay?"

"Yes, but only a little," replied Madison, "One glass too many, and I'll be coming out of my clothes."

"Oh," said Sandy laughing, "I'm holding you to that." 

When Sandy finished serving dinner (a dinner which consisted of meat loaf, mashed potatoes, and asparagus tips) the two began eating and getting to know each other. Sandy had forgotten all about how nervous she had been and the two were chatting like old friends. She was really enjoying herself and getting hornier by the minute. Madison was turning her on so much, that she thought she might have to be excused to the restroom to play with herself.

After dinner, Sandy and Madison decided to listen to some music in Sandy's den. They decided on Marvin Gaye; Sandy was hoping that it would set the mood. She asked Madison to dance. As they dance, breasts-to-breasts, thigh-to-thigh, Sandy thought she would cum right there. Madison was pressing her body closer and closer to Sandy's body, giving Sandy indications that she wanted her just as badly. "Shall we take this to your bedroom," Madison asked her, "I want you so damn bad."

"Hell yes," said Sandy, leading Madison by the hand to her bedroom. "Wait right here, I have a surprise for you. It's in the kitchen."

Sandy returned form the kitchen with a tray of strawberries and whipped cream. To her surprise, Madison was already lying on her bed. Her dress was tossed across a chair and she was wearing a black satin bra and bikini set. She looked even more incredible than Sandy had imagined she would. Sandy's black cherry satin sheets seemed to compliment Madison's lingerie perfectly. "She looks like a model from a Victoria's Secret catalog," Sandy thought, as she walked over to the night stand to set the tray down. She sat on the edge of the bed next to Madison. Before Sandy could speak, Madison began unpinning her hair. "You are so damn sexy," said Madison, why don't you let me help you out of that dress?" She reached up and began unzipping the back of Sandy's dress. Sandy stood up and let the dress fall to the floor. She had chosen not to wear a bra underneath her dress, so she was now wearing only a pair of red silk thongs. 

She spun around to face Madison, allowing her to see her beautiful DD breasts. Her skin began to tingle as she watched Madison's eyes travel up and down her almond skin. Madison stood up in front of Sandy. She gazed lustfully into Sandy's eyes and then gave her the most passionate, french kiss that she had ever experienced. She rubbed both her hands across Sandy's pink nipples. Sandy's body began to ache feverishly for Madison's. She unfastened Madison's bra and took one of her swelling, dark brown nipples into her mouth. She sucked gently at first, teasing the little peak with her tongue. Then she increased the intensity of her sucking. She teased Madison's other nipple with her fingers, enclosing her thumbs and forefinger around it. Pangs of longing overtook Madison's body, she thought she would explode! 

Sandy grabbed Madison by the shoulders and gently pushed her back down on the bed. She removed her panties first, then Sandy removed her own. Sandy lay down on top of Madison. She kissed her softly, slowing darting her tongue in and out of Madison's mouth. She continued kissing her way down Madison's neck to her chest, then to each breast. She sucked each of Madison's nipples intensely and then continued down to her stomach. When Sandy, reach the inside of Madison's thighs, she took her time and kissed each one slowly and gently, purposely making Madison hotter and hotter. 

By the time Sandy reached Madison's dripping wet cunt, she remembered the strawberries and whipped creamed waiting on the night stand. She grabbed the can of whipped cream and said to Madison in a breathy voice, "I have all of my favorite deserts right here." She sprayed Madison's pulsating pussy with the whipped cream, causing Madison to moan from anticipation. Then, Sandy took one of the strawberries and dipped it into the whipped cream in Madison's split. She stroked Madison's clit with the glorious fruit until she nearly climaxed. She was masturbating Madison's pussy with a strawberry! Sandy bit into the strawberry and then dipped back into the whipped cream and fed it to Madison. She licked the rest of the whipped cream form between Madison's legs. She could taste Madison's juices intermingled with the whipped cream.

Sandy's bedroom was filled with the sweet aroma of strawberries, whipped cream, and Madison's juices. The smell was intoxicating, and it was driving Sandy crazy. She and Madison got into 69 position. "I can't wait to taste your sweet little pussy," Madison said, opening the outer lips of Sandy's shaven cunt. She sprayed Sandy's clit with the whipped cream, and gently sucked it off. At the same time, Sandy was licking Madison's pussy, savoring the taste of her sweet juices. The two girls gave each other the best tongue fuck either of them had ever had. They climaxed together, moaning and screaming each other's names.

Afterwards, they lay in a tight embrace, basking in the afterglow of after-sex. Five minutes later, they were making love again. This time they were in "missionary position," rubbing their pussies around on each other's thighs. Their bodies exploded with powerful orgasms once more, leaving each girl out of breath and wanting more. The air was thick with sex, sex that would not be ending any time soon. Both girls knew that they were in for a long night of pleasure, and they were loving every minute of it.