 I adjusted my button down shirt over my chest, pulling at the fabric, with hope that my bosom wouldn't be too obvious under the loose dress shirt! I patted the sweat from my forehead being careful not disturb the black hat on my head that, together with the paisley tie, completed my business man costume. I took in a deep hot breath hating how my skin was coated in a thin layer of sweat all over my body causing the collar around my neck to feel like it was suffocating me! Leaning my head to stretch out my neck, I reached to scratch the back of my neck that was slick with sweat from having my long hair tied back at the nape of it to keep it hidden underneath the back of my shirt! I frowned feeling uncomfortable beyond belief and resisted the urge to wipe off the fake painted facial hair on my chin! I cursed under my breath feeling irate for having agreed to come to the backyard Halloween party dressed up as a business man when I was a woman of twenty one! I pulled back my shoulders readjusting my suffocating tight sports bra, hating how sweat had collected between my shoulder blades beneath the blue men's button up dress shirt. After a couple hours, the bra was wet and I longed to be home, and free my body from this pretend male outfit.

"Hey there, you've been quiet all this time. I haven't seen you talk to anyone at length while here. I just came over to introduce myself and chat for a while with you, if you'd like! My name is Robbin, what's yours?" She asked me that with tentative smile that caused her cupid's bow upper lip to raise up showing perfectly straight white teeth underneath. I looked at her heart shaped face that looked so delicate and frail that I was about to ask her if her parents knew she was out at one in the morning at a college age dress up party? Her thin finely boned hand then rose up between us as she introduced herself to me. I wondered why she was being so formal? Could it be that she liked me that she thought I was... I shook the thought from my mind!

After my slight hesitation I took her hand in mine and gently squeezed her thinner hand within mine making sure to not squeeze too tightly in case I broke the poor girl's hand! Her blue sparkling eyes looked into mine with genuine interest but, I still glanced to where my cousin was sitting surrounded by all her friends wondering if this was one of her ploys to shame me for being bisexual? I shook the thought away thinking I was going paranoid but, also feeling guilt begin to creep into my mind that wanted to consume me inside with shame and go to the forefront of my mind giving way to despair!

"Chris, why don't you come over here?" Britney my cousin asked in a falsely sweet voice that had me cringe inwardly when I heard it. I looked over at her and in her brown eyes I saw nothing but sadistic anticipation for me to agree and comply to her demands. I silently shook my head no to her not wanting to fall for her tricks that would only lead to my being ridiculed from her belittling indirect comments that would only be said to humiliate me.

"Aren't you two cousins?" the young slender beautiful woman before me asked with her fine brows pinched in question and I nodded my head slowly in agreement to her question.

"Unfortunately!" I agreed hating that I had allowed my parents to convince me to come to my cousin's Halloween party even when I knew it would be nothing but agony for me! 

"I really should get going, excuse me please!" I muttered under my breath and began to pick up my paper cup and napkin in order to dispose of them but, just as I reached over to take the napkin the young woman took the napkin in her hand before I could get to it. 

"Will you give me a ride back to my dorm please?" She asked me in a low timid voice that tore at my heart and that was only loud enough to be heard between us, due to the loud music blasting from the table where an iPod player was on. 

"Are you sure?" I asked looking at her in confusion because surely Britney had told her about my highly suspicious sexual orientation but, the fact that she was talking to me told me that she most likely hadn't and the poor girl didn't know! I let out a tired breath weighing my options because I myself didn't want to be here, so it seemed cruel to just leave her here! Against my better judgment I nodded my head in agreement to her question resulting in her jumping up in joy causing her to bump into me so her chest was pressed right against me. Our feet became tangled somehow by my taking a step forward and her mirroring my actions at the same time causing her to lose her balance and fall onto me heavily. 

At once I wrapped my arms around her slender waist and held her against me tightly in an effort to keep her upright. I was unfortunately unable to not feel the gentle but firm hard curves of her body against my own, that welcomed the pleasurable sensations that her body against mine causing mine to become aroused! My breath caught in my throat at feeling her small lime sized breasts against me, sending a shock wave of tingling desire right into my lower stomach! My hands tightened around her when I felt her lean into me fully but, I didn't know if it was due to her liking the sensation of having me against her or, because she was trying to get back onto her feet once more? Her hands then came up to my arms where she gripped my forearms tightly and looked up at me with a light blush on her cheeks that I wanted to touch with my fingers! I wanted to feel the warmth of her rosy cheeks on the pads of my fingers but I held back knowing my thoughts were becoming too dangerous and I should be cautious as to where they were leading me! I helped her steady herself on her feet expecting her to let go of me immediately after I did so but, I noticed she pulled away from me with some notable reluctance.

"I'm sorry, I'm so clumsy sometimes!" She told me closing her eyes and shaking her head no slowly in disappointment while brushing back caramel colored locks that I would bet also had tints of red within it! 

"It's all right, you good now?" I asked her ignoring how my heart was hammering in my chest from the nervousness of her talking with me and being so close to me, I could smell the vanilla scent of her skin but there was a hint of something else I couldn't pinpoint but it made my mouth water! I smiled at her softly and felt my chest swell with excitement at seeing her respond with a similar gesture as she looked at me directly into my eyes! 

"Yes thank you, at least someone is nice in this party! Ugh! I shouldn't have said that..." she muttered to me at first with relief then with wide shocked eyes when she realized she thought out loud! Her face became red with embarrassment and she looked nervously toward my cousin as if afraid she might have heard the comment. 

"Don't worry about it, I get it," I told her chuckling at her slip up kindly then asked her softly enough for her to hear me but not anyone else, "want to get out of here? If you want?" I asked nervously while pointing to the exit with my chin slightly, knowing that she might be hesitant due to her not even knowing me!

"Yes please!" Robbin told me with a sigh of thankful relief, her blue eyes were bright with excitement as she looked from me to the door leading into the house then to outside! 

"I'll meet you out in front, I still got to say bye to everyone!" I told her with a frown and left to do that after a nod of understanding from her. I plastered a smile on my face and began the arduous task of saying farewell to all my aunts, uncles and, cousins. Going from one to the other and even conversing with some of them at length at times! 

"Why are you leaving so soon Chris...tina?" My cousin asked me with a sadistic smile and stressing the last loudly as if making sure that those around her heard her clearly. I heard a couple of her friends laugh stupidly while others just muttered that they thought I was a dude this whole time!

"The company is dreadful and, I'd rather not be here any longer than I have to if it can be helped!" I told her an saw her eyes widen in disbelief but before she could let out a shriek of anger at my response, I turned on my heel sharply leaving quickly before my aunt could intervene and force me to stay! 

I quickly entered the house and walked past the family room where it opened into the kitchen to where the exit was to the driveway. I hurriedly walked out the kitchen door that lead out to the street and didn't turn to look back in my rush to leave my aunt's house before anyone could stop to question me! I leaned against my White Toyota Spirit where at long last I took off the top hat I was wearing wiping sweat that collected on my brow with my long shirt sleeve then, pulled my hair out from under the back of my shirt, as well as unbuttoning the top button on my throat that felt like it had been strangling me slowly! I took out the napkin in my pants pocket and quickly wiped the make-up fake beard from my chin feeling relief once it was finally off of my face and my skin could breathe once more!

"I had a hunch you weren't a guy but I wasn't sure and didn't want to ask! It seemed rude to ask..." Robbin told me then trailed off shrugging her shoulders. I looked at her feigning a laugh that while ignoring how my stomach began to turn nervously but, it was from excitement and relief at her not being angry at me for not being male like I was portraying!

"It was my last minute Halloween costume!" I explained defensively and she then reached over toward me and slid her thumb along the corner of my lips causing my heart to squeeze within my chest at her touching me. I wanted to lean into her hand so I could feel her fine fingertips against my face but resisted. My skin began to tingle all over from where she touched me and I wanted to lean into her and have her slide her thumb across my lips so that I could then trap her hand within mine and press my lips into the palm of her hand! 

"I get that! You had a bit of..." Robbin trailed off then showed me her black smudged thumb in silent explanation to her previous action, casing me to feel slight disappointment that it had been motivated just by her removing make up from my face. 

"Thanks. " I told her hoping my blush wasn't as evident in the darkening sky as it felt on my face however, the sound of her chuckling under her breath told me that she had noticed it. Hoping to hide my obvious embarrassment I rushed over and opened the door for her while bowing my head as well as stepping back to allow her into my blue gray car interior. I closed the door for her once I saw she was in completely then, went over to the driver's side myself trying to ignore how she had pulled down the overhead visor and was applying lip gloss to her lips slowly, almost as if teasingly! I quickly got into the car and shut the door hoping to kill the lights so my persistent blushing wasn't as obvious to her and didn't reveal my obvious attraction to her! I glanced her way and saw her trace her fingers around the edges of her lips and, for a moment I wanted those fingers tracing over her lips to be mine! I looked at her parted lips and wondered what the inside of her mouth would taste like if I slipped my tongue into her lips? I wanted to know if she would moan or purr from deep in her throat if I nuzzled the skin of her slender neck with my lips. 

No! I had to desist thinking like this about her but, I couldn't seem to tear my eyes away from her and in my mind's eye I saw her sliding the lips gloss over her lips! Slowly gliding the glossy tip across her lips and pressing onto them like I wanted to with my fingers or tongue! I smiled at the thought of sliding my fingers or tongue over her beautiful lips and her moaning in response. 

"Is there something on my face?" Robbin asked me with pinched brows as she looked at her reflection in question then at me expecting an answer. I forced myself out of my trance and realized that I had been staring at her the whole time I had been lost in my thoughts while thinking of her!

"No, you are just a..." I began to explain that she was a beautiful woman but when her blue twinkling eyes turned to look at me fully. The corners of her mouth turned up slightly as if amused and she tilted her head to the side in question looking adorable and so innocent that it reminded me of my guilty thoughts. I couldn't finish my sentence and trialed off abruptly not knowing what to say instead of what I was thinking!

"Just a what?" She asked me then gently lifted the visor and leaned back onto the seat while looking at me with that soft smile on her now glossy lips. Her sudden backwards movement stirred the air before me, causing a vanilla scent to fill my nose and awakening a hunger within me I never thought possible for another woman! I licked my lips nervously then seat belted myself into the car in preparation to the drive but I saw she didn't move, and failed to mirror my movements in putting on the seat belt! I looked at her expectantly silently telling her to put it on with a look but she was only looking out the window completely oblivious to my waiting for her to put on her seat belt before driving off! I cleared my throat to get her attention but whether she heard me or not I didn't know so, I just reached over her and took the seat belt in my hand. I pressed a hand onto her thigh as I leaned forward and reached over her to buckle her in, feeling slightly annoyed that I had to do this for her! She was a grown woman! 

I made to move back to my seat from having been leaned over cross from her but she then cupped the side of my face with her warm hand,. Her thumb then stroked my cheekbone gently with her thumb as she turned my face to look at her sideways. I sucked in a deep breath that didn't make it past my chest, the sudden rush of adrenaline heated up my blood and had my heart hammering hard against my ribs while echoing in my ears loudly! 

My mouth suddenly felt dry and I licked my lips then swallowed hard nervously but the action only made me taste the intoxicating taste of vanilla that engulfed her on my tongue! I fought back the impulse to cover her cupid's bow lips with my own, from letting my tongue slip into her lips to get a taste of the inside of her mouth that was becoming a much sought after desire of mine! She was like a drug intoxicating my mind and I couldn't think while so close to her!

"Thank you." She told me moving closer to me so that I could feel her breath on my face and, feel it brush hotly against my now wet lips. I glanced down at her lips that had parted slightly and looked almost like an invitation- no, like if she was anticipating my lips to cover hers! I clenched my teeth together as I tried to fight off the urge to close the distance between us and claim her mouth with mine! 

"Your wel-," I didn't get to finish when she pressed her lips onto mine! Everything seemed to stop in that moment, my back stiffened from the surprise of her lips against mine and a million things came to mind at once! My eyes widened in shock at her bold actions but when I felt her gentle strawberry flavored lips move over mine I couldn't help but respond! I felt the inside of my legs clench tightly at finally getting a deeper taste of her lips like I had wanted to get all this time! Her soft lips were moving over mine with a demanding gentleness that was causing my blood to heat as my lips moved in sync with hers, almost as if we had practiced! Her hand that had been cupping my cheek moments before slid into my hair and she tangled long nailed fingers into my dark strands, while pulling me in towards her! I felt tingling shoot down into my body at her tugging at my hair to bring me closer to her and, my body automatically relented to her beckoning pull! 

The tingling sensations went down my neck and accumulated at my nipples causing them to prickle achingly with a demanding longing to be touched! I unconsciously leaned into her body completely, casting aside everything that I had been taught since childhood from my mind as I indulged in my latent desires that were now flooding to the forefront of my mind! I savored the taste of sweet strawberry on her lips and found that I was hungering for more than her lips! 

"Let it all go Christina, it doesn't matter how hard you try to hide it from me..." Robbin told me in whisper hotly against my lips that I found were tingling from hers having been on mine moments ago, " I know you want me!" 

I opened my mouth to argue her previous statement but found that I couldn't get the words out of my mouth, I couldn't bring myself to deny my attraction to her because it was burning my reasoning and turning it into ash! I immediately began to recite in my mind all the teachings that I had been taught to adhere to from a young age, with the desperate hope it would result in my mind to begin to clear of the desire clouding over it. At long last, reason seemed to make a breach through the desire I felt because I was able to pull away from Robbin suddenly as if she burned me! I took deep breaths hoping to completely clear my mind of the arousal pulsating between my legs and hardening my prickling nipples achingly but, the demanding sensations she had aroused in me where bringing my will to its knees! I pressed my arms over my breasts hoping to sooth the desire in them that had me contemplating letting Robbin lure me away from those teachings that I was expected to follow without question and, that I was grasping desperately onto with all my might! 

"I cc.. can't!" I told Robbin stuttering because all the sensations that were taking a hold over me were consuming the remaining will to refuse what I knew I should never do! I shouldn't want to touch her rose petal soft skin with my hands! I shouldn't long to take her lips between mine and explore the depths of the inside of her mouth with my tongue while pressing her body against mine! I knew that I definitely shouldn't be wanting to explore the curves of her body with my hands, lips and tongue! 

I squeezed my eyes shut tightly willing the treasonous thoughts out from my mind but, the harder I tried the more I thought of how she smelt like delicious mouthwatering vanilla! Her beautiful pink tinted lips tasted of strawberries and, the over bearing thought of how perfect she felt against my body kept repeating in my mind with a frantic fervor that was almost like a prayer! I clenched my hands into fists at my sides tightly while digging my nails into the soft skin of my palms with the hope I would snap out of these thoughts that were leading me astray from everything I had been taught! 

"Then I won't force you baby." Robbin told me gently in a silky voice that warmed my stomach but, I could hear disappointment laced in her voice when she said it. She moved back away from me and I wished that I felt joy due to the space created between us but, instead I only felt a deep sense of loss that left me feeling empty inside! I frowned at no longer smelling her intoxicating scent of vanilla tinged with the strawberry from her lips beside me! I clenched my hands on the steering wheel to keep myself from reaching out to touch her, like I wanted to with growing desperation that was filling my mind into what felt like madness! I looked at the road and forced one of my hands to loosen so that I could turn on the car and begin to drive! I groaned in frustration, in my mind I kept imagining brushing back her hair that I knew must feel like silk beneath my fingers. I just wanted an excuse to be able to just touch the silky smooth skin of her cheek with the pads of my fingers!

I pressed my forehead to the dark gray steering wheel of the car and blinked back the tears of frustration that surfaced in my eyes. I bit my lower lip as the bittersweet agony of wanting something so much that my chest tightened and knotted the back of my throat was making it hard to breath in fully! I knew I shouldn't want to touch her in any way but that of sisterly affection and, the fact that I was thinking of her with growing physical fondness was frustrating me immensely! I had obligations to keep, people that had expectations of me and of how I should conduct myself! I resisted the urge to place my head in my hands from the conflicting feelings going through my mind confusing me and tearing me apart inside! I bit my lower lip tucking it under my top teeth, this that I had allowed to happen to me right now was not in line with those expectations required of me! Hot tears slipped from the corners of my eyes and I tried to swallow back the knot of desperation that was tightening the back of my throat and squeezing down onto my chest so that I felt like I was suffocating both mentally and physically!
