 I know this story isn't as sexual as the others but it is seemly impossible to have a storyline and characters who are always at it like rabbits! I hope to make the next one more exciting. x 

**********

I lay flat on my back in the middle of the garden. It had been a good fifteen minutes since she had left me here, half-naked and bleeding. Soon after it had begun to hail but I couldn't bring myself to move. 

I was her 'Darling,' her 'Sweetheart,' her 'Baby.' Earlier that morning I had been contemplating how I should tell her I loved her but I couldn't believe what she had done to me. Just being in the same room as Erica made everything seem better, nothing could hurt me when I was in her arms. 

She was never lenient with my punishments but I wouldn't have wanted it any other way. She was a fair Mistress; she never punished me unless I earned it and she knew when to stop pushing my limits. No one had ever made me feel so loved or so protected but in a split second she changed so dramatically. 

For once I was relieved to see the back of her, relieved she hadn't beaten me with an old, splintered plank of wood. To her employees she was an incredibly harsh boss and to strangers she was a cold, intimidating woman but the Erica I had seen, the Erica she was with me would never have done this. 

I wanted to wake from my awful nightmare and snuggle up beside her in bed. She would stroke my hair comfortingly and tell me she wouldn't ever hurt me like that but it wasn't a dream, it was reality. 

Time and time again I tried to pull myself off the ground and stagger towards the door but my tears and the hail knocked me right back down. I could barely breathe I was crying so hard. How could she do this to me? 

The hail got heavier and heavier still. I began to crawl slowly towards the door. My shirt was so wet it stuck to my back and my shins scraped against the paving on the way to the door. It hurt to move; my muscles felt like they had frozen and my ass was tender and sore. I could feel the dried blood crack with every move I made. 

It was warmer inside but the heat was suffocating. I could have cried forever, I felt as though I had been ripped in two. Half an hour later the tears were still coming. I couldn't keep doing this. I breathed slowly, in and out and dragged myself to the upstairs bathroom. 

My face was a mess of runny mascara and smudged lipstick, my skin still had a slight purplish tone and the front of my legs were covered in scratches. I couldn't bear to turn around and look at the back. My fingers trembled as I undid the buttons on my shirt. I realised as I was taking it off that the bottom hem at the back was sticking to the weeping welts on my ass. 

I couldn't ignore it any more. I took a deep breath and turned around slowly. This was the first break there had been from my sobbing. Before I had a chance to look in the mirror I heard a door close. 

I spun around in utter panic, catching a glimpse of my bloody ass in the mirror. Involuntarily I burst into noisy tears but silenced myself again as quickly as I could. 

It was no wonder it had hurt so much! My ass was a deep shade of purple covered in messy welts, some of which had bled and run into each other. 

There was a knock on the bathroom door. I had given myself away by crying. 

'Please,' I sobbed, 'Erica... don't hurt me, please.' 

'Anna?' said a surprised voice. 'It's Roz. Are you alright?' 

'How did you get in?' I demanded. 

'No one answered when I knocked but the door was open.' 

'Where's Erica?' 

'I don't know. What's happened?' 

'She lost her temper and...' 

'She wouldn't do that!' Roz protested firmly. 'I'm sure it's nothing.' 

'This isn't nothing.' 

'I think you're overreacting.' 

'I'm not, please believe me. She got so angry,' I said shakily. 

'Don't be silly Anna!' she barked. 

'Is this being silly?' I shouted angrily through my tears. I threw the door open. 

'Oh, God...' she gasped. 

'You're coming with me,' she said, recovering from her shock. 'Where are your things?' 

'I'm going home,' I stuttered nervously. 

'To your dorm at uni?' she asked. 

'Yes,' I said making a move towards the door. 

'No, you're coming home with me.'

'No I'm not.' 

'You'll come and stay with me for a few days,' she said firmly. 

'You're just like her! I'm not listening to it anymore!' I cried, running away. 

'Anna,' she caught me by the wrist. 'You've had an awful shock; you're in a bad way. You need someone looking after you.' 

'I can look after myself!' 

'Think of all the awkward questions,' she said softly looking me straight in the eye. 'You need someone to talk to, someone who will understand.' 

'Just because Erica hurt me doesn't mean you have to play the good big sister and try to fix it all,' I screamed. 

'I'm not doing this for her. I'm doing it for you Anna. I'm not leaving without you.' 'Anyone else Erica's had over the years has been a pathetic, rich little tart but she had to go and go this to you... When I get my hands on her it won't be pretty!' she threatened angrily. 

Roz wasn't taking no for an answer. 'I'll just get my things,' I gave in. 

'No, you stay here. Take a minute to sort yourself out. They're in the bedroom, yes?' 

I nodded silently. I really was grateful. 

I cleaned away my smudged make-up and dried my tears. It really hit me; if Roz hadn't arrived I had no idea what I would have done. 

'Put this on,' Roz said, handing me a dressing gown. 

'That's Erica's,' I protested. 

'She owes you a lot more than a dressing gown,' she said sourly. 

'Sorry Anna, I'm not helping. We'll get you sorted out properly when we get to my house but you can wear it in the car.' 

'Thank you,' I whispered. 

'Oh, Anna.' She sighed, taking the dressing gown from me and helped me put it on. 'How could she?' she murmured looking down at me like a concerned mother. 

'I don't know...' I sobbed. 

She pulled me into a tight hug and rocked me as I cried on her shoulder. 

'I'm sorry,' I said pulling away. 'I'm just being pathetic now.' 

'This is not your fault.' Roz said firmly. 'And you're far from pathetic.' 

'It is my fault, it is...' 

'Anna, look at me. You have never done anything to justify what she has done. Erica was lucky to have you. Now, come on. We'll talk in the car. I'm sure you don't want to hang around here.' 

'What about my car?' I remembered suddenly. 

'I'll come get it later, don't worry.' With that she ushered me down the stairs and into the car. 

Everything she did reminded me of Erica. They were so alike but I could never think of Roz in the same way. She was much more maternal and she had a warmer personality but the warmth in Erica came through occasionally, as did the scary businesswoman in Roz. 

'Tell me what happened from the very beginning,' Roz said after she had reversed out of the drive and turned the corner. 

'Um...' 

'Take you time,' she said reassuringly. 

'Erica was going to cane me when I got back from uni. I asked her to.' 

'Why, had you done something wrong?' 

'No, I just wanted her to. She wasn't keen on the idea but she said she would give me a safe word and we wouldn't go any further than I was comfortable with.' 

'Ok, go on.' 

'When I was out I bumped into Gwen. She went to high school with me and she knows my parents. Somehow she found out about me and Erica and she threatened to tell them.' 

'Don't they know you're a lesbian? Are you?' Roz asked, clearly getting confused. 

'Yes. I could never tell them, they're far too religious. They met just through the church. If they hadn't met mum would have become a nun and dad a priest. Anyway, she slipped a plastic bag inside the bag I was carrying and walked away. There was a tiny bag of white powder inside.' 

'Oh, fuck, no!' she cursed. 'That explains everything.' I had never seen her look so worried. Roz never swore. 

'What's wrong?' 

'Coke, Anna. That's what's bloody wrong!' 

'It wasn't my fault, please,' I begged. She was beginning to scare me. For the second time in one day a strong, self-controlled woman was falling apart at the mention of a drug. 

'You're right,' she sighed. 'It's not your fault.' We pulled over to the side of the road. 

She closed her eyes and breathed deeply, still holding onto the steering wheel. 

'Roz? Are you ok?' 

'I know why she lost it with you now. It all makes sense...' she took another deep breath and looked at me. 'Our brother died on his twenty-first birthday. He got drunk, took some cocaine and didn't wake up the next morning.' 

'When she saw it in my bag she looked like she was going to cry... I'm so sorry Roz.' 

'It's no excuse Anna. What she did to you was completely wrong, even if she usually wouldn't.' 

'Will she be ok?' I asked, now genuinely worried about her. 

'Erica can be a cold hearted bitch when she wants to be. If she was stampeded by an angry herd of bulls she'd still be ok,' she snarled. 

I had no idea what that was supposed to mean. They always seemed so close. I'd never seen Erica like that before but I knew she wasn't indestructible. 

I said nothing for the rest of the journey, which turned out to be rather uncomfortable. And not just because of my welts. 

Twenty minutes later we pulled into the drive and parked in the garage. 

'Ok? There's no one else in so don't worry about that.' 'I'm sorry I snapped at you,' she sighed. 'Erica really does my head in sometimes.' 

'It's ok, I get it,' I replied quietly. 

'Let's get you in a nice hot bath and clean up those welts, yes?' 

'Thanks Roz,' I smiled weakly. 

'You remind me a little of my Julia,' she said looking at me with her head tilted to the side. 'I wished she would find someone to experiment with that would take care of her, like Erica did with you... I'm so sorry Anna, you deserve better.' Roz looked seriously upset. 

'Don't be sorry. It's not your fault.' 

'I know, I know, but still; it shouldn't have happened. Sorry Anna. I shouldn't be standing here going on at you like this. Let's get you that bath and some lunch.' 

I took a long, hot bath, some painkillers and managed to eat a bread roll for lunch. I soon began to feel the effect of the painkillers, also the welcome side effect of drowsiness. In the spare room, upstairs I fell into a deep, involuntary sleep. 

********** 

I sat unclothed and shivering at the foot of a huge oak tree in the middle of a field. The tree was the only one around but all I could see in all directions were more fields. It was far from being a warm day; the wind was blowing and the sky posed the threat of rain any second. I had no idea how I had gotten there. In an attempt to stay warm I curled up into a little ball and rocked myself backwards and forwards. 

After a few minutes I saw a figure running towards me. I knew exactly who it was just from the way they moved. 

'How did you get all the way out here Darling?' she asked, crouching down to look me in the eye. 

I looked up at her but I couldn't bring myself to reply. Her bright green eyes bored into me searching for an answer, an answer I didn't know. 

'Please don't be angry with me...' I whispered. 

'I'm not angry with you Anna,' she said, her expression softening. She took her coat off and wrapped me up in it. 

Before I got the chance to thank her she had begun to take off her sweater also. Her scarf and her shirt soon added to the pile of clothes on the ground. Now the only clothing she wore on her top half was her bra. 

'Erica, what-,' she cut me off mid-sentence. 

'Sssh, Sweetheart,' she insisted, under her breath. Before long she had stripped down to her underwear. 

'But it's so cold...' I murmured. 

'That's why we need to get you dressed. Come here Pet.' 

'This is silly Erica,' I said moving towards her and rubbing her arm to try and get rid of the goosebumps. 

She pulled down her panties and took them off. She held them out for me to step into. 

'But-' 

'It's for your own good. Do as I tell you,' Erica instructed rigidly. 

Warily I stepped into her underwear. I felt like the skinny child I had once been. They were far too big for me but they were still warm from Erica. It was strange, wearing someone else's panties but knowing Erica's pussy had been against the same fabric just seconds ago began to make me wet. 

'Why are you doing this?' I asked. 

'You need to be kept warm Sweetie,' was her answer. 

Erica took the coat off my shoulders and threw it over a low branch of the tree. She bent down a little and let her tongue snake over my nipples. I moaned my surprise and stuck my chest out further in the hope of more contact. 

'I don't like expectant little girls.' With that she pulled her face away and delivered a sharp slap to each of my nipples. 

'I'm sorry, it just felt so good,' I apologised. 

'I know Anna but you need to learn self control. You won't get what you want by acting so lewdly.' 

'I'll try harder next time' I promised with my eyes fixed to the ground. 

'You're a good girl really,' she smiled. 'You just need a little more training.' 

I looked up gratefully and shivered, but not because of the cold. Any affection she sent my way always made me feel so ridiculously happy. I couldn't explain it. 

Erica unclasped her bra and began to wrap it around my chest. I caught sight of the label as she turned it around. I wasn't a 36D, not by a long shot. Looking at her breasts I wished I was; she was gorgeous naked. I envied her curves, her muscle tone and her skin which somehow looked sun-kissed, despite it being November. We were at opposite ends of the spectrum. 

I giggled when I saw how small my breasts looked in her bra. 

'They're beautiful Darling,' she laughed as she caressed the side of my face. 

She didn't say another word while she dressed me. She put all of her clothes on me right down to her socks. Of course it all swamped me. I was sure I looked absurd wearing the clothes of a woman who was going on 6ft tall when I was only 5ft3. 

Erica sat down at the foot of the tree while I rolled up the legs of the trousers so I could go and join her. 

'You must be so cold. Why did you put all your clothes on me?' I asked in confusion. 

'Sit on my lap Anna,' she said holding her arms out to me. 'I can deal with the cold if I've got you Sweetheart. You're so tiny and all your skin was so purple. You would have caught pneumonia.' 

'But now you'll catch pneumonia. At least have some of your clothes back.' 

'I'm fine,' she affirmed. 

'But Erica-' 

'Ssssh,' she began, rocking me back and forwards on her lap. I rested my head on her shoulder and closed my eyes. 

Why would she do this unless she loved me? She was different with me than she was with other people. If I lost her now I don't know what I'll do... My thoughts were racing; I needed to tell her how I felt. 

'I love you,' I blurted out before I lost my nerve. 

'What?' she said, sounding almost angry. 

'I-I love y-you,' I repeated shakily but meaning every word. 

'Get off me Anna!' she shouted, throwing me off her lap. 

'I don't understand...' I trembled, beginning to cry. 

She stood up and ripped a branch from the tree. 'Bare your back!' she ordered. 

'Erica, please!' I squealed. 

'Bare your back!' she repeated, more forcefully this time. 

'No, please, Erica! Don't, no, no, no!' 

She forced me onto my hands and knees and pulled up the coat and shirt. I looked up at her pleadingly, begging her not to hit me. She lifted the branch into the air and began to swing it down. 

********** 

I woke up listening to the sound of my own screaming. My clothes were damp with sweat and my breathing was fast and shallow. 

'Anna?' said a voice. I was too scared to turn around to see who it was. 'It's only me, Harriet,' she said gently. I exhaled in relief. 'My mum told me what happened. Are you alright?' Harriet asked, sitting down beside me on the bed. 

'I'm fine,' I replied, although I clearly wasn't. For a moment we sat in silence. I focused on getting my breathing back to normal. 

Suddenly an argument going on downstairs erupted. I could hear what was going on as clear as day. 

'You didn't give a shit when he died! You didn't cry once!' a voice, presumably Roz, screamed. 

'You think I had a chance to grieve!' Another voice shouted. 

A chill rushed down my spine. I would recognise her voice anywhere. I made a dash for the stairs but the argument was still raging. 

'You ran off with your boyfriend and left me with a farm to run, a terminally ill father, a clinically depressed mother and a fourteen year old sister to look after! When did I have time for tears?' Erica bellowed as I burst in the door. 

The argument stopped and Erica turned around to face me. Her anger suddenly faded and she began to cry.

'Anna, it's gone. Gwen won't be bothering you again, I promise,' she said, tears dripping down her face. 

'Anna, get back upstairs!' Roz ordered. 

'Did you hurt Gwen?' I whispered to Erica. 

She cried harder at my question. 'No, I just shouted a little. She cried and begged me not to go to the police. Oh Anna, I'm so sorry. I never meant to hurt you. I'm sorry...' she wept

'Anna!' Roz warned. 

'Please Roz, we need to talk.' 

'I'm going to be in the next room the whole time,' she sighed, rubbing my arm. 'If you so much as lay a finger on her...' she said turning to Erica before leaving the room. 

I closed the door after her and sat down opposite Erica at the table. I wanted to be so angry with her, to scream in her face and to hate her but no matter how hard I tried I couldn't. I wanted to hug her, dry her tears and tell her it was all going to be ok. Instead I said nothing. 

'Are you badly hurt?' Erica asked. 

'Roz helped me clean up the blood and the welts really stung in the bath. I don't know how long they'll take to heal.' 

'I can't believe what I've done. There's no excuse, I'm so sorry. I'll make it up to you,' she said, bringing out her cheque book. 'How much do you need? A thousand? Five thousand?' 

My mouth hung wide open. 'I don't want your money.' I said. 

'I know you like to be independent. No one has to know,' she promised. I wasn't listening to what she was saying anymore. It was now or never. 

'There's something I need to tell you Erica,' I took a deep breath. I needed her. 'I shouldn't I know, not after this but... I love you.' 

Now it was her turn to sit open mouthed. 

'I want to be so mad at you but I can't. I hate myself for it right now but I can't help it.' She stared back at me blankly. 'You don't love me, do you?' I sobbed. There was an empty silence.

'No.' Erica said bluntly, staring at the wall. 'I don't.' 

I burst into tears and ran out of the room. Those words hurt me more than any amount of physical pain could. She didn't even have the decency to look me in the face. I was stupid to think Erica Fitzgerald could ever fall in love, especially with me. 

I sank to my knees on the floor and screamed in vain. Roz came running out towards me and pulled me into a hug. 

'It's ok Anna, it's ok...' she said soothingly although my life couldn't be further from ok. 

Erica peeked out through the door looking terrified. I couldn't bear to look at her and know that she would never hold me, bathe me or punish me again. I buried my head against Roz's shoulder. 

'I don't know what you've done but I hope you're pleased with yourself!' Roz almost spat at her. 'Get out of my house Erica! Now!'