 I stood nervously on Erica's doorstep with my bag to stay the week. I was on time; 9.00am, Monday morning. The sound of high heels became louder and clearer as she approached. Finally the door opened to reveal Erica looking as businesslike as ever looking down at me critically. 

'Come in,' she said showing absolutely no emotion. She took my bag from me as she ushered me inside. 

'Strip,' she ordered as soon as she had the door shut behind me. 

I fumbled around with the buckle of the belt I wore around my waist, struggling to undo it. 

'For goodness sake Anna!' Erica exclaimed impatiently. She dropped my bag on the floor and marched towards me. I froze in awe as within seconds all of my clothes had been removed due to Erica's usual to the point demeanour. 

She took off my underwear almost mechanically; first my bra and then my panties. She didn't waste any time. 

I stood shyly before her feeling completely exposed. She picked up the belt I had been wearing, pulled my hand behind my back and fastened them together tightly. Next a ball gag was shoved into my mouth. It was far too big for me to spit out without the use of my hands. 

'I don't have time to tell you the rules but I doubt you'll get up to much this morning,' she said opening the door to the cupboard under the stairs. She grabbed a handful of my hair and literally threw me inside. I fell onto my knees as I protested through my gag. Erica locked the door to the cupboard, I heard her do the same to the front door and then the sound of a car engine starting up outside. 

Surely she hadn't left me alone in the house, naked, tied up and locked in a cupboard? I was horrified at the idea but yet I felt the familiar heat building between my legs. I dreaded being left for a long time, I feared she wouldn't come back but I had to hand it to her; she knew exactly how to turn me on, even when she wasn't there. 

My struggles were completely in vain. There was no way I could get my arms untied never mind get the door opened. I would just have to hope she got back soon. 

By my estimate it would have had to have been at the very least an hour. All the while the heat in my pussy grew steadily. There was a little wet patch on the floorboards beneath me. I longed desperately to touch myself or even better; have Erica touch me.

I waited about another half hour and there was still no sign. The idea had been coming together in my mind for the last hour but now I just had to succumb to my urges. 

Slowly I rose to my feet, trying to balance without the use of my hands. I walked over to the door and found that my judgement was correct; the door handle was at almost the same height as my crotch! 

I began to rub myself against the handle. The freezing cold stainless steel felt so good against my smouldering pussy. I rubbed harder and harder, bringing myself to the brink of an orgasm.

Unexpectedly the door flew wide open and I landed, unavoidably, face down on the floor. 

'I take it you didn't hear me come back,' Erica said cynically, 'And look, I even bothered to bring you back lunch,' holding a packaged sandwich. 

She roughly undid my gag and the belt around my wrists. 'You can eat it in the cupboard,' she snarled. 'There will be absolutely NO masturbation in my house,' she said, slapping my ass hard on the word no. 'You can be sure you'll be punished later,' she said sauntering back of to the kitchen. 

I watched her leave the room and close the door behind her as I tried to get my breath back. In my attempt to relieve myself I had only heightened my arousal and was wetter than ever. I was so desperate I felt like crying. My pussy throbbed but there was no way I could masturbate now.

Soon I became distracted as I began to think about what Erica had just said. How long was she in the house before she came to let me out? How did she know I was masturbating? And how was she going to punish me later? 

Suddenly realising I should have been back in the cupboard eating my sandwich I quickly scurried back inside and shut the door behind me. It was hard to see what I was doing in almost complete darkness. 

As I began to concentrate on eating in the dark to my great relief my arousal began to subside. I only managed to eat half a sandwich before Erica came back for me. With her this time she carried a heavy looking metal collar. 

'On your knees and lift up your hair,' she ordered. The collar was wrapped around my neck and fastened at the back. It had a metal ring at the front to which Erica attached a leash. 

Abruptly she gave it a tug and I fell onto my hands and knees and was dragged after her the whole way to the kitchen. 

'Get up!' she commanded, hurling the leash back in my face with disgust. 

Shakily I got to my feet, not daring to look up at Erica. 

'I don't have all day!' she said curtly. 'Now get over here.' 

I walked towards her quickly but cautiously. On the floor beside her there were two wooden chairs a long, thick piece of rope and a bag made from tarpaulin, the kind you would use for gardening. 

She unhooked the leash from my collar. 'I want one of your feet on each of the chairs, legs spread.' 

'Yes Erica,' I obeyed without hesitation. 

She threw on end of the rope up into the air to catch on the beams of the very high ceiling. She proceeded to tie one end to each of my wrists leaving me with my arms fully stretched out above and no way to free myself. I could only hope that I wouldn't lose my balance on the chairs! 

Erica picked up the bag and strode around in front of me so I could see exactly what she was doing. She lifted a pair of driving gloves from the table before venturing on. I filled with terror. If she had to put gloves on before she touched whatever was in the bag what was it going to feel like for me? 

She opened the bag to reveal a large stash of freshly cut stinging nettles. 

'Erica, please!' I cried in panic, 'Don't!' 

'Lewd little sluts don't get off lightly in my home!' she declared. 

'But you can't! I can't take it, please no!' I squealed, tears running down my face. 

She looked up at me almost sympathetically, 'You didn't expect to go unpunished did you? You should know better than to fuck a doorknob!' 

'I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Please Erica, spank me instead, or whip me, or anything you like but not the nettles, please,' I begged. 

She picked up another chair and set it down in front of me so she could look me in the eye. To my surprise she took my in her arms and kissed me passionately. She held me until my breathing had regulated and I had calmed down. 

'Do you trust me Anna?' she said softly. 

'Yes,' I replied, 'But....' 

'Look at me,' Erica whispered, 'You know anything I do to you won't leave any permanent damage. I'll look after you, you know that.' 

'Don't use the nettles,' I said pleadingly, looking straight into her eyes. 

'You shouldn't ever be so terrified of me; I know your limits better than you do yourself. I'm going to use the nettles and it's going to sting but I'll be ever so proud of you.' 

I moaned slightly and turned my head away from her. 

'Trust me Darling, I know what you need,' with that she stepped down from the chair and picked up a branch of nettles. 

She began at my ankle and then ran the nettle the whole way up the side of my body and up my outstretched arm to my wrist. Even after the nettle had touched my skin I could still feel it's presence. 

As she moved on to the other side I could feel the previous side's sting as clearly as ever. My whole body tingled as I held back the tears in my eyes. 

Next Erica tore two of the leaves from the stalk and gently rubbed them against my nipples. Her gentleness only made it sting more. A light touch was all it took to make my skin burn. I watched my nipples harden and turn red as she rubbed them. 

'Are you getting hot yet Anna?' she asked taking off one glove to massage my clit. 

'Mmm,' I moaned. 

'This is still a punishment so don't get too excited,' Erica laughed. 'I'm going to make it hurt a lot more now and the best part is I barely have to touch you to make you squirm!' 

I couldn't believe it but I actually was beginning to enjoy the pain. She put her glove back on, picked up more nettles and walked around to my back. I found myself pushing my ass out, eagerly waiting for more. 

'Someone's changed their tune!' she said. Although I couldn't see her I knew she was smiling. 

Suddenly, with out any warning Erica swiftly brushed the nettles between my legs and up my ass. I jumped and screamed in a frenzy. She caught me just in time to help me replace my feet on the chairs and regain my balance. 

Before the pain the nettles on my pussy had caused had a chance to register she was rubbing handfuls of nettles forcefully all over my body. I don't think there was a single part of me that didn't sting. 

As if I wasn't in enough pain already she began to slap the insides of my thighs and my ass. 

'You won't masturbate again without my permission, will you?' she coerced. 

'No Erica,' I said as quickly as I could manage. The slaps stopped instantly. 

'Now let's get you down from there,' she said coolly. 

She picked up a pair of scissors and easily cut me free. 

'Now put your hands on my shoulders,' Erica commanded as she gripped my waist firmly with her own hands. 'Jump,' she said. 

Nervously I jumped and to my relief I landed safely on my feet with the help of Erica. I gratefully collapsed into her arms as my eyes flooded with tears. 

'Thank-you,' I sobbed. 

'You're very welcome darling,' she whispered. 'Upstairs there's a bath waiting for you with oil in to neutralise the sting. Let's go before your little pussy lips get any redder.' 

With her arm wrapped around my waist she led me up the stairs, holding my shaky body tightly against hers. In the bathroom the spa sized bath was filled with warm green tinted water. I sighed as the oil in the water alleviated the stinging as promised. 

'Better?' Erica asked with a smile. 

'Mmm... yes,' I giggled, 'Much thanks.' 

To my delight Erica began to remove her clothes. I wasn't expecting her to get in with me! I watched in amazement as she undid the clasp on her bra, allowing her breasts to fall gently downwards. She let her trouser drop to her ankles before stepping out of them. Her panties soon followed, revealing her neatly shaven strip of pubic hair and deliciously pink pussy. 

I was almost disappointed when she got into the bath beside me; the bubbles in the water hid her body. 

'Come closer,' she said softly. 

I edged carefully nearer her. 

'Closer!' Erica ordered. 

'Am I really that scary?' she asked playfully as she gently slapped my face, alternating cheeks so my head turned from side to side. 

'I expect an answer you know!' 

'Em...' I mumbled, not quite knowing what to say. 

'Wrong answer!' she exclaimed, now pinching my nipples hard and pulling me as close as was physically possible. 'I'll ask you again: am I really that scary?' 

'Yes Erica,' I answered without doubt. 

'Good girl,' she said letting go of my nipples. 'You're going to want to stay on my good side while you're here. There are rules I will tell you about later but first I want to wash you.' 

She lifted a bottle of bath cream and began to pour it down my back massaging it in with her hands. Erica didn't miss a single part of me from between my toes to between my legs. Every inch of me had been thoroughly soaped and gently massaged. 

'Please Erica,' I said sweetly, 'Let me wash you.' 

'Do you think you've been good enough to be aloud to touch me?' 

'I need to do something for you,' I replied. 

'Why?' she said, looking confused. 

'You always do things for me. I want to, please let me,' I begged. 

'You are surprisingly considerate. How could I say no?' Erica smiled, looking at me affectionately. 

Nervously I took the bottle of soap from her and began to pour it on her shoulders just as she had to me. I tried to mimic her actions as best as I could. The extent to which I wanted to please her was irrational. 

Carefully I soaped her shoulders, neck and breasts while she sat in front of me obviously confident with her own body. It wasn't that she didn't have reason to. Erica's body was firm and well toned; she was curvaceous but carried absolutely no weight. In my eyes she couldn't be more perfect. 

I was leaving the best part to last. I washed from the tips of her toes to the top of her legs. 

'May I touch your pussy Erica?' I asked. 

'Good girl for remembering to ask. Go ahead Darling,' she said, opening her legs further to make it easier for me. 

Fervidly I began touching her only delicately. I let my fingers linger on her clit as I massaged the soap in. 

'I said you could wash it Anna, not play with it!' Erica laughed. 

I felt myself blush as I immediately withdrew my hands. 'Sorry Erica,' I apologised. 

She lifted my chin up with one finger, clearly amused by my disappointment and embarrassment. 'You are adorable! Come on, first I want you to show me something.' 

As I stood up to get out of the bath Erica threw a fluffy white towel around my shoulders and wrapped one around herself. She led the way downstairs. 

To my surprise we went back into the cupboard I had spent the morning in. She closed the door behind us and we stood in complete darkness. 

I felt her hand reach out for me in the dark. She pulled the towel away from me and threw it into the corner of the room. 

'I want you to show me what you were doing earlier,' said Erica from behind me. 

'I was only sitting on the floor,' I replied innocently. 

'No Anna, show me what you were doing to the doorknob,' she whispered. 

She positioned me directly in front of the door knob with one hand on either side of my waist. 'Go on,' she prompted gently. 

'But, I thought...' 

'I'm not condemning it; it was very disobedient of you but I want you to show me exactly what you did.' 

'I just rubbed my pussy against it,' I said blankly. 

'Show me,' Erica whispered. 

I started rubbing myself against the doorknob. It didn't feel quite the same this time. I felt almost guilty with Erica standing watching behind me. 

'Can I stop now Erica?' I asked after a few minutes. 

'No,' she said firmly. 

'I don't want to, please,' I begged. 

'Why not? You were keen enough earlier,' she patronised. 

'I'm sorry, I want to stop.' 

'Why?' Erica asked while grabbing on to my hips and forcing me to hump the doorknob faster. 'How do you feel?' 

'Dirty,' I said without even having to think. 

'Do you want to feel dirty?' she asked, forcing me to go faster still. 

'No Erica,' I said breathily. 'I want to be good, I want to please you. Let me stop, please.' 

Abruptly she pulled me backwards, away from the door. She spun me around quickly and began to kiss me tenderly. 'So you really have learned your lesson,' she murmured. 'I almost thought I would have to spank you so it would sink in but you're a fast learner. You have pleased me. I'm going to have so much fun with you!' 

'Please Erica, spank me anyway,' I pleaded under my breath. 

'Oh we will have so much fun Darling,' she sighed.