 This story, like all of my others, has not been edited by anyone but me. I have been looking for an editor but those who I have contacted have not replied. If anyone would be interested in editing my stories please message me. x 

................................................

The next morning I woke alone. My arms were sprawled out across the bed from where Erica had prised herself away from me.

With my eyes only half opened I rolled over to discover an envelope with my name on crumpled up under my back. 

Although I wasn't surprised to see Erica's writing; block capitals in black ink, I was surprised by what she had written: 

ANNA, 

SORRY I HAD TO RUSH OUT. BE BACK AT 11. SHOWER AND HELP YOURSELF TO BREAKFAST. 

YOU'LL FIND 16 CLOTHES PEGS IN THE BOTTOM DRAWER IN THE KITCHEN. I WANT 4 ON EACH BREAST, 1 ON EACH NIPPLE AND 3 ON EACH PUSSY LIP. PUT ON ALSO THE WRIST AND ANKLE CUFFS. 

WEAR ONLY SHOES IN ADDITION TO THE ABOVE AND BRING WITH YOU THE CROP WHICH CAN BE FOUND IN THE BACK OF THE WARDROBE TO MEET ME AT THE DOOR. 

SEE YOU AT 11, 

LOVE ERICA. 

11 am couldn't come soon enough. I felt myself getting excited almost immediately. I was nervous I wouldn't be able to do it myself as I had done nothing like it before but I knew I would be more than satisfied to do it for Erica. 

It was half nine already and I knew how long it would take me in the shower. I dragged myself out of bed much more quickly than I usually would and made my way downstairs to get some breakfast. 

I felt I little uncomfortable rummaging through someone else's cupboards but I soon managed to locate the coffee, kettle, bread and toaster. 

It took me until quarter to eleven to shower, dry my hair and do my make up. I had to try my very hardest not to let my hands linger on my nipples and clit. I knew I was forbidden to touch myself but I was still very much tempted. 

I put on my highest heels which happened to be skin toned, instantly lengthening my legs and improving my posture. 

I easily found the bottom drawer in the kitchen. As promised, there were exactly sixteen clothes pegs, ankle cuffs and wrist cuffs. 

I put on the ankle and wrist cuffs first. They were made from thick black leather with a metal ring on each, presumably so they could be fastened to something or other. I closed each buckle tightly around each limb with increasing excitement. 

Next I reached for the clothes pegs. Although they were only small and made from white plastic they had sharp little teeth in the inside. I started with my nipples. Carefully I attached peg to each of the protruding, tender pink nubs. The intensity of the stinging surprised me as I sat and watched my nipples turn from pink to red. 

My careful disposition was only making it more painful. Erica was to be home in ten minutes, I would have to hurry up. 

More quickly this time, I began to pinch folds of skin on my breasts before attaching the remaining eight pegs. I found it difficult to get them all on my petite 32C's but I did finally manage it. 

Nervously I spread my legs and focused my attention on my pussy lips; damp and open already. It didn't take the same effort it did on my breasts to clip on the clothes pegs. I attached three pegs on either side just like Erica had wanted. I felt so vulnerable with my pussy spread open wide and barely able to close my legs. 

I checked the time again and reread the note, reminding me to fetch the crop which I had forgotten about until now. Not being accustomed to walking with my legs so far apart and trying not to detach clothes pegs from my vulva, I made my way up the stairs with much difficulty. 

I shuffled across the landing into the bedroom. When I opened the wardrobe the room filled with the scent of Erica's signature musky perfume. I paused for a second to breathe it in, shivering as her imaginary presence engulfed me. 

I was awoken from my daydreaming by the sound of tyres on gravel. I grabbed the crop from the back of the wardrobe and raced down the stairs as quickly as the clothes pegs and 6 inch heels would allow. 

For once I was glad of the ridiculously long driveway. I reached the front door with pegs intact and crop in hand just as the purring sound of the BMW's engine ceased. 

Erica stepped inside, smiling as caught sight of me standing attentively by the door. 

'Good Morning Darling.' 

Before I had a chance to reply another women stepped inside. 

'She is obedient, isn't she,' the woman commented. 

For a second I froze in shock before diving behind the open door. I wasn't best pleased about being exposed to complete strangers. 

Immediately Erica closed the door and threw her handbag into the other woman's arms. She turned me around, bent me over her arm and proceeded to administer about ten hard spanks to my buns. 

My ass was facing the other woman and due to the pegs my legs were spread wide apart leaving my pussy in full view. I yelped not only with pain but also with humiliation. 

'If I had wanted you to hide you can rest assured I would have made it perfectly clear,' Erica reprimanded. 

'Sorry Erica,' I whimpered. 

'Now, let's have a proper look at you,' she said more gently this time whilst helping me to stand. 

'Show me how many you put on your pussy,' she ordered. 

Gingerly I leaned backwards and with two fingers pulled my outer pussy lips upwards. 

'Good girl. Now, hand me the crop,' she said, obviously pleased. 

'This is my sister, Roz,' Erica informed me, gesturing towards the woman that gave me such a fright. 

For the first time I was able to look at her properly. It was plain to see Roz and Erica were sisters. They shared the same razor-sharp cheekbones and had similar figures although Erica was taller and was more muscular. 

'Pleased to meet you Anna,' Roz said pleasantly. 

'You too,' I replied, now blushing uncontrollably. 

'You were right Erica,' said Roz, 'She really is adorable; all the little whimpers and the blushing. Only you could be cruel enough to spank that cute little bottom!' 

This, of course, only made me blush more but the initial vulgarity I felt faded and was now replaced with an odd sense of pleasure. A compliment was always nice but I didn't really care what Roz thought, beautiful though she was. The fact that Erica had been telling her sister how 'adorable' I was excited me. I felt a real need to please my relentless yet amorous lover. 

'Those pegs have got to be hurting now Darling,' Erica said, 'Come into the kitchen and I'll take them off for you.' 

She was right. My skin felt tight and sore and my pussy lips were stretched and aching but somehow I doubted the process of Erica taking them off would make it feel any better. 

I walked into the kitchen led by Erica and followed by Roz. Both being taller than me and fully clothed I felt a tad intimidated but not as intimidated as I would feel in a minute. 

'Oh yes, Erica! There was something I meant to ask you,' Roz exclaimed abruptly. 

'This won't take long,' Erica replied, meanwhile turning me around to face her and repositioning my legs further apart. 'We wouldn't want Anna to be in any more pain than necessary,' she said mischievously. 

She swung the crop high into the air and brought it down briskly on the peg on my right nipple. I inhaled sharply as I watched the peg fall to the floor. By the time she had finished my right breast my eyes were full of tears. I began to regret attaching the pegs so diligently; she had to bring the crop down much harder to remove them. 

'Poor baby, let me kiss it better,' Erica cooed, noticing the tears in my eyes. She bent down and gently lifted my nipple upwards. For a moment I forgot the pain and that Roz was watching while Erica soothingly kissed and caressed all my worries away. 

It didn't last for long though. I would have gladly accepted more affection but all too soon it was back to the crop. She swiftly proceeded to remove the rest of the pegs using the same technique. When only a single peg stood on my left nipple the tears were streaming down my face. 

Erica persisted mercilessly. Once again the crop came hastily down, although this time not taking the peg right off only loosening it. 

'That one's tight!' Erica laughed. 

As she began to raise the crop for a second time I pulled backwards. 

!' 

Slowly she lowered the crop. 

'No, no, please Erica,' I begged. 'Not right there again!' 

'Come closer Darling,' Erica whispered, almost sympathetically. 

Cautiously I moved nearer. She lightly grasped the peg as though she was going to remove it ever so carefully; I began to relax. Gradually she began to twist the peg slowly and pull it away from me. This was much worse than the sharp pain I would have otherwise experienced. Barely daring to breathe, I moaned as my nipple was stretched and twisted excruciatingly slowly. 

Eventually the peg slid off with a click. I sighed and exhaled with relief. 

'It really would have been easier to do it my way, wouldn't it Baby?' 

'Yes, Erica,' I murmured through my tears. 

'Now for the others,' she teased. 

'Do it quickly,' I pleaded. 

'Don't worry, I intend to!' Erica laughed. 

I must have looked terrified after that as I caught a look of concern on Roz's face even though she seemed pretty immune to this kind of thing. 

'You've felt worse than this, Darling,' Erica said with a reassuring smile. 

I noticed the momentary look in Erica's eyes. Just for a second she looked at me with unfamiliar mellow warmth. I felt like I was melting inside as I stared mindlessly back into the captivating emerald green of her eyes. 

It wasn't a side of Erica I had ever seen before. Apparently Roz hadn't seen it either. Unable to tear myself away from Erica's gaze I noticed, vaguely, out of the corner of my eye, the sudden interest with which she looked in Erica's direction. 

Soon I had a whole lot more to think about than the look in Erica's eyes. She picked up a piece of fine string sitting on the worktop. 

Menacingly she bent down and threaded the string through each of the pegs, back through the three on one side and forward through the three on the other. She stood up again and walked around behind me. Erica's hand slid down between my legs and gripped the two dangling pieces of string. 

'It's wet down there!' she commented. 

Erica pulled me back with her free hand so that I was leaning against her. One of her arms was wrapped tightly around my waist and the other held the strings so taught I could feel the strain on my pussy. 

'Ready?' Erica whispered. 

I didn't have to think twice to realise what was going to happen next. 

'Yes Erica,' I responded shakily. 

'One... two... three!' 

I yelped suddenly and jumped. Erica's grip on my waist was the only reason I didn't collapse onto the floor. 

All of the pegs were now removed. My pussy lips were red, raw and wide open. 

'There, it wasn't that bad, was it?' she said comfortingly. 

I shook my head silently. I had to admit, the anticipation was definitely the worst part. It had hurt considerably but it wasn't as sore as I was expecting it to be. 

'Good girl,' Erica whispered. 

With that she threw the pegs and string into the sink and retrieved a bottle of wine from the fridge. 

'Get three glasses from the cupboard and take this into the lounge Sweetheart,' she said handing me the bottle. 

'Yes Erica,' I answered obediently. 

I did as I was asked and promptly left the room with the wine and the glasses. When I got out into the hallway I lingered, relishing the feeling of being able to close my legs again. I had no intention of eavesdropping... 

'You're serious about her, aren't you?' Roz asked. 'Erica, I saw the way you looked at her.' 

The quick denial I had been expecting didn't come; instead there was a long silence. I didn't dare to move. 

'Well?' Roz probed. 

'Anna's only twenty-five, just looking for light-hearted fun. I'll have to end it pretty soon before I develop real feelings for her. It wasn't even meant to last this long,' Erica sighed.

I was amazed. Erica could take her pick, men or women; she could have someone new every week if she wanted. After her affirmation it took a moment before everything she had said dawned on me. 

She said she was going to end it pretty soon. I surprised myself at how unbearable I found the thought. I hadn't considered the end yet, in my mind it was only the beginning.

The sound of heels on the tiled floor brought me back to earth. I scampered quickly into the lounge fearing being caught. 

I set the wine and glasses on the coffee in middle of table and stood beside the sofa as though I had been waiting. 

'I'll pour the wine; it looks like your going to have your hands full!' Roz announced on entering the room. 

'Thanks,' Erica said calmly, making herself comfortable. She unfolded the towel she had brought into the room with her and smoothed it out across her lap. 

'Come sit down, Anna,' she said fondly. 

I went to sit down next to her on the sofa. 

'No Baby, on my lap!' she laughed. 

I felt like an idiot; what else would the towel have been for? I suppose I was slightly preoccupied. 

'Now,' Erica said while manoeuvring me so I was now leaning back into the sofa. 'You've been ever such a good girl for me today. Do you think you should be allowed to come?' 

'I only want to come if it pleases you,' I said sweetly. 

Roz laughed out loud. 'How could you deny her after that?'

'Even if I hadn't planned to let you come I really think I could have been persuaded,' Erica said as she gently prised my legs apart. 'Look what I've got for you!' she said bringing out a thin vibrating stick. 

'Mmmm,' I moaned, spreading my legs wider. 

Erica and Roz smiled knowingly. Immediately I became embarrassed of myself for acting like such a tart. 

'Darling, you deserve it. Relax for me,' she consoled. 

I sank back into the sofa and allowed her to carry on. Erica slipped the vibrator down between my legs and gently circled my clit. 

Usually the thought of someone seeing me completely naked, being toyed with while they relaxed drinking wine on the sofa would have been mortifying. Surprisingly that wasn't how I felt. I was almost proud that Erica was showing me off to her sister. 

I nuzzled closer to Erica and began to move my hips as I relaxed. 

'That's better,' Erica said soothingly. 'Come for me, Anna.' 

I came almost straight away. I pushed myself further into Erica's lap as my body stiffened then shook with an orgasm. 

She turned the vibrator off, wiped it on the towel and set it down beside her. She took my shaking body into her arms and held me until I had gotten my breath back. 

'Ah! Roz, what was it you wanted to ask me?' Erica asked, easily returning to normal conversation with no embarrassment. 

'Oh yes, remember I told you about the girl's new 'master',' she said, not beating around the bush.

'What's he done now that you don't approve of?' Erica joked. 

'Don't Erica, I'm seriously worried!' Roz said, sounding genuinely annoyed. 

'Sorry,' Erica said, passing me one of the glasses of wine and took the other herself. 'When do you want me to meet him, then?' she said knowingly. 

Roz laughed openly. 'He's coming around this evening. I'd like you to come too Anna, tell me what you think as a submissive.'

'Or in case I have to demonstrate,' Erica smiled. 

'He is rather looking forward to meeting you, Erica,' 

'You already told him I was coming!' Erica laughed, 'Typical of you!' 

'I know, sorry,' Roz chuckled, 'The girls must have been talking about you; I think he hopes to see one of your famous spankings!' 

'Does he have any experience?' Erica asked. 

'Yes, I heard he's actually rather vicious. That's why I'm so worried....' she tailed off. 

'Might I ask, Anna, if you've had any experience with anything like this before?' said Roz. 

'No,' I stated honestly. 

'Gosh, never?' Roz exclaimed. 

'No,' I said again, this time blushing slightly. 

'You obviously find it natural!' she said with surprise in her voice. 'You'll be getting a lesson in what not to look for in a partner this evening. If one good thing comes out of this it will be you learning to look out for your own safety,' Roz scowled. 

'Am I really that dangerous?' Erica asked jokingly, knowing Roz was getting stressed out. 

She couldn't help but stifle a laugh. 'I'll see you both at seven,' she said standing up to leave. 

'Don't worry,' said Erica, 'I won't let him off easily.' 

'Thanks,' Roz smiled. 

Erica stood up and handed me a satin dressing gown, which I gratefully put on. 

'See you later,' Erica said on her way to the door. 

'Yes, see you. Bye Anna,' said Roz. 

'Bye,' I said. 

'Now, I know there's a lot of things I need to explain to you but first of you're going to put some clothes on while I go kill a kitten,' she laughed. 

'Kill a kitten?' I repeated with confusion. 

'Oh, Anna,' she said laughing harder now. 'I mean I'm going to play with myself!' 

'Oh!' I exclaimed, surprised by her tactlessness, 'Can I play too?' I said with a giggle. 

At that Erica erupted into peals of laughter. 'Upstairs, now!' she shouted slapping me hard on the ass before chasing me up the stairs. 

I giggled and shrieked as I ran, looking behind me to check Erica was still following. I ran into the bedroom stopping just beside the bed. 

She grabbed me, arms around my waist and threw me on my back onto the bed. Then leaping on top, on all fours with a leg and an arm on each side she leaned down to kiss me passionately. 

Instinctively I reached up to begin unbuttoning her shirt, forgetting everything she had taught me. This time she didn't seem to mind. I was sure I would usually be spanked for touching her without permission but this time our sexual hunger took over. There were no rules, no strictness and no threat of punishment, not this time. 

By the time I had her shirt and bra off she was just beginning to undo the tying on the dressing gown I was wearing. As I felt around for the zip on her skirt Erica began to fondle my breasts. I ran my hands up and down her ass until I found the zip, enjoying the feel of her lavish curves. 

I unzipped her skirt and slid my thumbs down into her panties, bringing both garments down at once. We were both now completely naked. 

I took one of Erica's nipples into and sucked it tenderly until it was hard. While I was working on the other she stroked the inner part of my thigh. I spread my legs further apart to allow her more access. 

Erica moved one of her legs between mine and pulled me up so it was almost as if we were sitting on each other's laps. I wrapped my arms around her neck as she began to gently slide backwards and forwards. I was surprised by how easily she slid on my leg. From my knee to my thigh was slick with her juices. The same could be said about Erica's leg; soaking wet with my juices. 

At first we went slowly and carefully, making sure we didn't slide off but after a moment Erica took a hand off my waist and tilted my chin upwards to look at her. 

For the second time that day I couldn't take my eyes off her. This time she stared straight back at me, sending shivers down my spine. At the sight of my shivering she smiled and the very same look she wore earlier returned. 

I sighed as my stomach filled with butterflies and I was taken over with lust. I was still staring up at her intently. My eyes locked on hers as we both began to move faster, in perfect sync with one another. 

As we neared our climax our breathing quickened. We moaned and trembled together but instead of closing our eyes and throwing our heads back in pleasure we stayed staring at each other. It was as though we were some how physically connected. 
