 I sat in the passenger seat of the BMW. Every minute we drove I got more and more nervous. 

Erica's driving didn't do much to subdue my growing agitation. For the whole journey she drove at the highest speed the limit would allow. I sat desperately clutching the fabric of my seat every time a bend in the road approached. Until now I hadn't thought it possible to turn corners so sharply. 

I hadn't experienced Erica's driving before. I couldn't help but wonder if she was doing it on purpose. It seemed too coincidental that less than half an hour ago she had forced a butt plug inside me. Perhaps she was just a bad driver? I didn't say anything. 

I felt every violently turned corner and every tiny little bump in the road like I never had before. The butt plug scraped against my inner walls and pushed deeper and deeper into my ass. Now I was grateful the end of the plug was too wide to fit inside my ass. 

'Ow!' I yelped as we drove over a speed bump in the road. 

She raised her eyebrows mischievously. 'Oops...' she said, her voice coloured with playful sarcasm. 

'Erica!' I pouted. I couldn't believe I was worried about hurting her feelings. I should have known better. 

'Did you really think I was that bad a driver?' she smiled. 

'Stop it, it really hurts!' I said, half serious, half giggling at her childish game. 

'We're almost there now. I can't believe you let me go on for so long!' 

The ride became a lot smoother and I revelled in my new found comfort. It only lasted a short time though. My nerves soon took over and I realised the pain had been a welcome distraction. What was going to happen? What would people expect from me? 

Erica must have noticed the growing tension in my muscles as I found a comforting hand resting on my thigh. 

'I doubt it will Anna, but if anything happens that you're not comfortable with all you've got to do is tell me and it'll stop.' I opened my mouth to speak but no words came out. 'You'll be fine, I promise.' 

I relaxed as Erica's hand caressed the top of my leg. 

A few minutes later we turned into a driveway of a Victorian style house. The area looked quite expensive but none the less suburban. 

'Are we here?' I asked uncertainly. 

'Yes. I know it's not what you'd expect. I was surprised when Roz told me she was moving here after she married Michael. They don't really fit in with the neighbours. I'm sure you'll agree Roz doesn't come across as the mumsy type.' 

My heart was beating a mile a minute as I sat glued to my seat watching Erica gather her things up and lift the bottle of wine she had brought. 

'Oh Darling,' she sighed, 'If you don't like what goes on we can leave anytime but I really think you'll enjoy yourself.' 

She opened the car door and stepped out. I would have to trust her on this one. Erica took my hand and led the way to the door. 

The door was opened by a man I hadn't seen before. He was of average height and build. He had lightly tanned skin and dark brown almost black eyes framed by thick, dark eyelashes. 

'Hello Michael,' Erica said. 

'Erica, let me guess, pinot as usual!' he laughed looking at the bottle of wine. 

'Well, if I'd been given more of a warning I might have had time to go out and get something else but pinot's all I keep in the house!' 

'I didn't know about this either until I got home from work an hour ago!' 

'Roz...' Erica sighed knowingly. 

'You must be Anna,' Michael said, turning his attention to me. 'I've heard a lot about you, well, since I got back!' 

'Nice to meet you,' I laughed. 

'Oh, good, you're here.' Roz said emerging from the kitchen. 'We're all waiting for you.' 

Michael held the door opened for us and Erica led me inside. So far I had been surprised. The area was very much a family area, the house was a well furbished family home and so far the atmosphere was warm and friendly. 

Sat at the dining room table were Erica's three nieces and a man who, I assumed, must be Jacques. 

I had to say the girls definitely looked more like Michael than Roz. The first thing that struck me about all three of them were their eyes; dark with ridiculously long eyelashes. It was amazing how much of their personality's you could judge just by looking at them although they all had very similar delicate features and slender, shapely figures. 

Erica then introduced me. Harriet sat on the far left; her hair was cut into a sleek, shiny, dark bob. My first impression was that she was more mature than her sisters. She also dressed more simply. The air of intelligence there was about her was odd. She had barely spoken a word but I had no doubt she was clever. 

In the middle was Bea. It was obvious she was the mischievous one. She had short messy hair. It wouldn't have surprised me if she said she had cut it herself. Bea wasn't afraid to make a statement. She wore bright pink lipstick and matching tights with a black dress. Most people wouldn't have the nerve to stand out so much but she pulled it off easily. 

The last of the triplets was Julia. She was much quieter than the other two, more how I had expected the typical submissive to be. Her cropped cream cardigan with pale pink hearts really said it all. By anyone's standards she was cute, the typical girly girl. She smiled demurely and greeted me with a shy 'Hi' as opposed to the confidence of Harriet and Bea. It was almost as if she was trying to hide behind her hair. She was forever rearranging her too long fringe and flicking the rest of the lengths over her shoulder. 

I couldn't help but notice the respect they treated their Aunt with. They clearly all admired her. When each of the girls had spoken to me they were smiley and friendly but while I was being introduced to one I got the feeling I was being subjected to some kind of silent interrogation by the other two. It was quite unnerving. 

I felt slightly out of place in a room with three beautiful eighteen year olds who all had more experience in this lifestyle than I did. It didn't help that I was sleeping with their Aunt who was, at thirty-six, eleven years my senior. 

'You must be Jacques.' Erica said confidently, holding her hand out to the man on the far right. 'I'm Erica.' 

'I know,' he replied in a gravely French accented voice. He didn't bother to shake her hand. 

He was the kind of man that most women would only dream of. He had tanned skin, chiselled features and dark stubble that gave him a 'Rough round the edges kind of look.' 

'And you,' he said now looking at me, 'You're Anna. It's good to meet you,' he smiled holding out his hand. 

'You too,' I replied rather awkwardly. The way he looked at me made me rather uncomfortable. I could see why Roz had doubts. 

Erica held out a seat for me at the table and I sat. The room was silent and everyone was staring at me. I couldn't help but blush when I winced and squirmed around in my seat. Jacques smiled smugly across the table at me. I suppose I made it rather obvious I had just been spanked and was wearing a butt plug. 

I was relieved when Roz and Michael came in with the food. Apart from a few creepy looks dinner was rather enjoyable. The conversation was good and I realised I had quite a lot in common with the girls. 

Every few minutes couldn't help but notice how beautiful Erica was. My eyes were glued to her for a good portion of the evening. I hoped Jacques would take the hint. 

After we had eaten Jacques and the girls left the room to go and get ready and Roz and Michael left to clear up in the kitchen. 

'So,' Erica said when everyone had left, 'What do think of him?' 

'Ugh...' 

'I couldn't have put it better myself!' she laughed. 'In all seriousness though, don't get caught alone with him. I wouldn't trust him as far as I could throw him. I would love to tell him where to get off but the girls need to realise for themselves. I'm sorry Anna. You shouldn't have to put up with him drooling all over you.' 

'It's ok, I understand,' I sympathised.

'If it weren't for the girls we'd be long gone.' 

We sat and talked for another half hour before Jacques came to fetch us. 

'Ok,' he announced, 'You can come through now.' We were led to the sitting room door. 'I hope you enjoy the little display.' 

We entered to find the three girls in a cage which was parallel to the door. They sat on their hands and knees with their backs to us. Three identical red bottoms faced us, each with it's own pattern of very severe welts that couldn't possibly all have been new in the past half hour. There were even a few purple bloody looking ones. The only sound in the room was the sound of soft sobbing. 

'You know,' Jacques said, breaking the silence, 'I think there's room for another little ass in that cage.' He gave me a dirty looking smile. 

'I wouldn't let you near her with a barge pole, mate!' Erica exclaimed sarcastically. 'I need a word with you outside Jacques.' She briskly made for the door. 

'Anna?' Bea whispered once they had left. 

'Um...yeah,' I whispered back uncertainly. 

'Will you come here a minute?' 

I walked around the other side of the cage and knelt down on the floor. 

'Are you ok?' 

'I'm sure Erica's done worse to you.' She replied with a forced smile. 

'No! There's never any blood or marks like those. Erica wouldn't do that.' 

'Really?' Julia piped up. 'He barely touched us today but he went so hard yesterday I passed out when I saw the blood...' she trailed off. 

Out of the blue Bea grabbed my hand, pulled it through the cage rested it on her naked breast. 

'Bea!' I squealed loudly. 

'I can believe you actually took that bet seriously!' Harriet exclaimed. 

At this point Erica threw the door opened to see what was going on. 

'Anna!' she bellowed, 'What on earth do you think you're doing!' 

'I wasn't -' I stuttered, taken aback. 

'Get yourself over here now young lady!' 

'Erica, I didn't!' 

'Oh, very convincing!' She picked up a leather tawse which Jacques had happened to leave, very conveniently, on a seat beside the door. 'Here, now,' Erica said sternly. 

I walked over with tears in my eyes. 'Please, it wasn't my fault,' I begged. 

'Stick your hand out,' she ordered, completely ignoring my reasoning. 

Reluctantly I began to raise my hand. Obviously tired of waiting she grabbed my wrist and held it out so my arm was straight. Erica brought the tawse down on my palm three times in quick succession. I tried to pull away but I was held firmly. Paying no attention to my cries she repeated the process on my other hand. 

I pulled my hands away as quickly as she would allow. I flexed my fingers and rubbed my hands together to try and ease the sharp pain. I felt stupid, standing there in tears although the treatment I had received was nothing compared to what the triplets had. 

This time there were no kisses and cuddles afterwards like there usually were. 'I'm sorry Erica,' I pleaded, trying to appeal to her more affectionate side. 

'You don't touch what isn't yours,' she warned. 

'I'm sorry, I ...' 

'Go and stand in that corner Anna. I'm tired of your pathetic whimpering.' 

The words hurt more than any physical punishment could. Instead of standing in the corner like I had been told to I ran out the door and locked myself in the bathroom. 

Erica had never sent me away when I had done anything wrong before. I didn't understand the sudden rush of emotion that took over me. I would have preferred her to leave my bottom looking like the girls' so long as I got a hug afterwards. I hadn't even done anything wrong. 

I was so lost in my tears I didn't hear Erica knock after a few minutes. 

'Come on Sweetheart. Open the door.' She said gently. 

Slowly I turned the lock and opened the door. She looked so much tamer than she had a few minutes ago. 

'I'm sorry Anna. Bea just told me what really happened.' She held out her arms and I melted into her embrace. 

'I'm sorry I ran off,' I apologised. 'It was childish of me.' 

'Sssh, it's not your fault. If I hadn't felt so jealous...' she began. 

'What?' I could barely believe what I was hearing. 

'I couldn't stand Jacques staring at you like that but when I saw you touching 

Bea...' 

'Erica, Jacques is a twat and Bea was only taking the mickey. It wasn't anything like touching you...' I confessed. 

She squeezed me so tightly I thought I was going to burst. 

'Can't breathe!' I exclaimed. 

'I'm sorry Darling!' she laughed. 'I just...' she gave up on words and kissed me instead. 

All I could think was 'I love her.' There was no doubt in my mind anymore; nothing had ever felt like this before. 

'I left Jacques and the girls to have a chat. We have a few minutes to kill,' she said mischievously. 

As soon as the door was shut behind us Erica had my panties round my ankles and my dress up to my waist. 

'Sit down in the bath Anna.' 

'What?' 

'Do as you're told,' she reprimanded. 

'Sorry Mistress,' I said while climbing into the tub. 

She got in too and sat on her knees at my feet. She gently pushed my legs apart and bent down to kiss my clit. Her tongue flicked my clit back and forward and I bit my lip to stop myself from moaning. 

'Turn around Erica, please,' I gasped. 

'Don't you like it baby?' she asked between kisses. 

'I do, it feels so good but I want you now,' I moaned. 

'Oh, please, yes Anna!' she cried breathlessly. 

I let myself slide further down the tub until I found my head between Erica's legs. I pulled up her skirt and moved her panties to the side, desperate to begin ravishing her pussy. 

I pulled her so close to me I could barely breathe. Her juices were all over my face but I didn't care. I loved it when she let me make her cum. She never demanded that I pleasure her; more often than not she wouldn't let me get this close to her. Erica wasn't strict and domineering the whole way through. She could be so affectionate and ... 

'Oh God, please Erica!' I couldn't think anymore. 

'Yes, Sweetheart, cum!' she whispered. 

I lost control of all the muscles in my body and completely forgot myself. In the spur of the moment I bit down on Erica's clit. In response she let out a high pitched squeak and collapsed on my face. 

As the orgasm passed Erica lifted herself up again, allowing me to breathe. 

She didn't speak to me until we left the bathroom. 

'We're leaving. Go wait for me in the car.' 

'I'll just thank Roz first.' 

'No, go now Anna.' 

I didn't try reasoning. She gave me the car keys and I slipped out of the house. 

It was because I bit her. She was angry with me and was taking me home to punish. Why did I have to go and bite her? That was the first time she'd ever given me oral. It would probably be the last time I would be allowed my mouth anywhere near her. 

Ten minutes later she got into the car. 

'Jacques and girls aren't together anymore and Roz said it was nice having you over,' she began. 

'I'm sorry.' I whispered. 'Please, punish me Mistress.' 

'Why?' she asked, lifting my head up from it's downcast position. 'What have you done wrong?' 

'I bit you.' I said in surprise. 'Isn't that why your taking me home?' 

'Although I don't usually encourage biting,' she smiled, 'I don't intend to punish you for giving me the best orgasm I've had in years.' 

'What?' 

'I'm not taking you home to punish you Anna. I want to make you cum so many times you can't stand any longer. No one else would ever have the guts to try anything like that. It's more than just sex with you Darling. I can't wait anymore.'