 I’ve come home from a long day at work. My lover has said that she was going to be at my house when I got home. I expect to find the door unlocked but it’s not. I’m a little bit perturbed but figure that Veronica isn’t there yet. I unlock the door and find the room lit with candles. So she is here. I see a note pinned to the wall and start to read it….

Heather, welcome home sweetie, 

Get comfortable, take off your jacket and shoes. When you’re ready, sit in the chair in the center of the room, turn on the stereo and put the blindfold on. Don’t worry, I’ve got something very special planned for you.

Love Veronica

To say that I’m intrigued would be an understatement. I do as requested and once I’m seated, the music begins. That must be her cue for I hear Veronica enter the room shortly after. I can feel her standing right in front of me. I can feel the heat from her body. Then I feel her straddling me and rubbing her breasts in my face. I can feel that she’s got something lacy on. Just this brief contact gets me wet. 

She leans in to whisper in my ear, “Welcome home honey, I’ve got a special treat planned for you.” She takes the blindfold off my eyes. It takes my eyes a minute to adjust but they finally do and I see Veronica standing before me. She’s wearing a red suit jacket and I can see that she’s got red fishnet stockings on as well as high heels. She’s got a white shirt on underneath the jacket along with a tie. She looks totally hot. My eyes must be popping out of my head. She sees the look on my face and chuckles. Then she turns and puts a CD on the stereo. She turns around to face me and says, “Enjoy the show honey.”

As if on cue, the music starts and so does she. As the song starts, she slowly and seductively moves her hips in time with the music. She’s facing away from me and bends over in front of me. I get a great view of her ass and although it’s a quick glimpse I think her pantyhose are crotch less. I can feel myself getting wetter by the second. 

She turns around to face me again and starts undoing her tie. She undoes it and comes over to reel me in with it around the neck. She pulls me towards her and seductively licks my lips. I move to touch her but she slaps my hand and says, “Down girl!”. 

She leaves the tie around my neck and continues with her striptease. Next comes her jacket. She quickly removes it and tosses it in a corner. Her hips continue to move seductively with the music. 

Slowly she starts unbuttoning her shirt. I can now see that she’s wearing a red bustier underneath the shirt. I can see her breasts just wanting to break free. Her cleavage is absolutely amazing. I’m starting to squirm in my seat now. She tosses her shirt aside and I’m breathless. She looks so hot in this outfit – I can barely contain myself. 

She’s dancing right in front of me now. She must know the affect that she’s having on me. She’s now straddling me and is grinding my leg. I can feel her heat and wetness through my pants. She leans in to kiss me and I totally lose it. I caress her ass and then make my way up to her breasts. Her nipples are hard and it doesn’t take much to free them from the confines of her outfit. I hungrily take one into my mouth while playing and pinching the other one. We’re totally and completely animalistic at this point. I just want to have her over and over again.

She’s moaning my name and telling me to take her. That’s just what I intend to do. I slide my hand down to her soaking wet pussy. I run my hand up and down her pussy. She moans and shudders against me. I then slide two fingers inside her and use my thumb to play with her clit. She starts riding my finger and grinding her clit into my thumb. I can feel her muscles tighten and she’s moaning uncontrollably as the first orgasm overtakes her. I continue to gently caress her and massage her clit. 

“C’mere baby” I say as I move her onto the couch. I spread her legs and kneel between her thighs. I lick a path up the inside of each of her legs. Teasing her just a little bit. Her wetness is slowly running down from her pussy. I probe her opening with my tongue. She moans and puts her hands in my hair. Gently pulling me closer. I fuck her with my tongue slowly at first and then a little bit faster. Until she’s moaning and grinding my face. Her breathing is getting faster and I can tell that she’s having another orgasm. I won’t let her have a break this time. I move up to her clit and start to lick and suck on it. She’s talking dirty now – telling me what she wants me to do to her. 

“Oh yeah, that’s it Heather, lick my clit, fuck my pussy. That’s it you know the way I like it. I need your fingers in my pussy baby. Yeah, fuck me – fuck me hard.”

I’m going nuts now because it gets me extremely turned on when she talks dirty to me. I continue to lick her clit and fuck her pussy with my hand. I get an idea suddenly and I stop for a minute. She’s moans in protest. I tell her that I’ll be right back.

I go to the bedroom and grab a toy. I pick one of our favorites – the double-headed dildo. On the way back I shed a few clothes myself. When I come back to the living room, I see her playing with her clit. She smiles as she sees what’s in my hand. 

I get down on my knees again and slide the dildo into her pussy inch by inch. She’s loving it and is moaning her appreciation. I start to fuck her with it and I start licking and sucking her clit again. She’s pulling my hair now and grinding into my face. I’m loving it and I continue to lick her and fuck her with the dildo. Pretty soon, she’s moaning and screaming as she has yet another orgasm. 

I continue to fuck her with the dildo. By this time, she soaking wet and it’s hard to keep the dildo inside her. It doesn’t take long before another orgasm wracks her body. By this time I’m totally spent and exhausted. I pull the dildo out of her and lay down beside her on the couch.

“That was great honey,” she says. “But this was supposed to be about you. I just couldn’t contain myself when I saw the way you were looking at me. I just lost control.”

“I enjoyed every minute of it Ronnie. You know I love to please you.” 

I lean over to kiss her. She slips a hand down to my pussy and I’m soaking wet. 

“Well now, let’s see if we can do something about this……………….”

To be continued