 I was intoxicated by her from the moment I set eyes on her – A guest lecturer at the university. As soon as she walked into the room everything seemed in her control. 

She was tall and slim but not the twiggy kind of slim you see on catwalks. Her body looked full and voluptuous, the perfect hourglass shape. She had long thick brown hair that seemed to glide down over her shoulders and back. Her features were all proportionate and even but the one thing that stood out were her cheekbones; high and sharp. They gave her a very definite, slightly harsh look. She was about thirty-five. 

She was a barrister here to give a lecture about the law. She walked into the room so confidently and began to speak immediately. Her voice was smooth with a soft but slightly posh accent. 

I didn't study very much law in that class but instead spent it studying her body. I found myself wanting to be between her legs, wanting to taste her juices, wanting her to hold me and look after me in a way that I never wanted anyone else to before. 

I never expected to have a chance with a woman like Erica. She seemed too clever, too successful, too ambitious too ever notice someone like me. I instantly categorised her as one of my fantasies, as something that would never happen. 

I was still finding it difficult to believe when I was sitting beside her on one of the soft leather sofas in her home drinking expensive wine. 

"Do you know why I asked you here?" Erica asked me between elegant sips of wine. 

I replied innocently in the negative with my soft Dublin accent. 

"Oh, I think you do," she said. "You're not a stupid girl, just a bit shy..... I saw you looking at me the other day but I don't think you know what you're letting yourself in for. Do you?" 

This time when I said no it wasn't out of embarrassment. I honestly didn't know what she was talking about. 

"There's no denying you're attracted to me," Erica replied confidently "And I won't deny I'm attracted to you." 

"Really?" I questioned disbelievingly. 

She seemed amused by my disbelief and laughed. 

"You don't honestly think I'd ask a student here just to drink wine?" 

"Well no..." 

"As a matter of fact I've not done it before and probably won't again but I don't think you understand what kind of things I want to do to you." 

The thought of Erica; this clever, confident, sexy woman wanting to do 'things,' to me began to get me excited. 

"Sexual things?" I asked hopefully. 

"Have you ever been dominated?" she asked teasingly, "Spanked? Restrained?" 

My eyes grew wide at this suggestion and I could feel my pussy growing wet. 

This seemed to be a sufficient reply to the question. 

She laughed once again, bemused by my innocence. 

"Come upstairs with me Darling," she said as she stretched out a perfectly manicured hand. 

"Good girl," she smiled at me as she took my hand in hers. 

I loved Erica's smile and I wanted to be her 'Good girl." This was enough to lead me upstairs to something I had never known before. I had only known Erica a few days but I trusted her in a way that I couldn't explain. 

She led me upstairs with the same smile on her face while I nervously gazed back. 

"Don't look so nervous Darling. You don't need to be scared of me, at least not yet..." 

Erica's smile grew wider and her grip on my hand firmer. I wanted to please her so badly.

She led me into her bedroom. She sat down on the bed and I stood before her. She studied my body from head to toe. 

"You are so thin. I could break you in two. And so cute," Erica said. "I want to see you without your clothes on." 

I slowly began to open the buttons on my shirt. 

"When I ask you to do something you will answer me," she demanded. 

"...yes Erica," I stuttered nervously. 

I hurriedly began to remove my clothes. First my shirt and then unzipping my skirt, letting it fall to the floor. I stood only in my matching lace underwear and heeled shoes. 

"Now, I think I ought to have a closer look at you." 

She stood up and walked towards me with her long hair gliding behind her. She stopped directly in front of me and rested her hand on my waist, then slid round behind me. 

"So far so good," Erica whispered in my ear, "Now before we get started there's something you have to understand; I'm in control, not you. You'll do as I say or you'll be punished. It's no use to create problems for me – I'll find a solution. You misbehave, I'll spank you. Wriggle too much, I'll tie you down. Make too much noise, I'll gag you. You're mine to do what I like with. Do you understand Anna?" 

"Yes Erica," I answered sweetly. 

I could feel my heart beating faster and my pussy pumping out juices more quickly at Erica's warning. I knew now that I would love every minute of this. 

"Oh you are a good girl! I don't think you'll need any of this underwear – Let me," 

I felt my bra sliding off my shoulders. Erica's hands slid round my body and cupped my breasts. My nipples hardened instantly. 

"Anna! You are such a dirty little slut!" Erica laughed, "Hard already! Do you know what I do to dirty little nipples like yours?" 

"No Erica!" I giggled. 

"I give them a punishment of their own. Look what I've got!" 

She had removed two of the hair slides from her hair and was holding them in front of my face. 

"Unlucky for you I have such thick hair. They have to be good and tight to hold it all back." 

She pinched one of my nipples with one hand and prised the hair slide apart with the other. She pushed my nipple all the way in and then let go. It sprang shut so tightly causing me to yelp in pain. She gave a cruel laugh before doing the same to my other nipple. 

"Sore? ... Good!" Erica said with a twisted smile on her face. It did hurt, they were so tight. Within a minute the initial stinging had turned to burning. 

"Now, get down where you belong!" she ordered, placing a hand on my shoulder and pushing me towards her feet. 

I kneeled on the ground beside her feet staring up at my new lover obediently. I realised she was waiting for me to do something so I began to kiss her feet. 

"You're a natural Darling," Erica cooed. 

When I was satisfied that I had covered her feet with kisses I moved up her leg. In no time at all I had reached the hem of her skirt which lay just above her knees. Just as I was about to stop she pulled her skirt up a little to allow me to continue. Every time I reached the hemline I was rewarded with more of Erica's leg. 

Soon I got to the fleshy part of her inner thigh. It was so smooth and delicate. I was so close to her crotch. I was relieved to realise she was as turned on as I was. Her panties were soaking wet and her musky scent was getting stronger by the second. I was suddenly thirsty for her juices. I wanted nothing else more by the time I had reached the very top of her legs. 

I began to pull at the crotch of her panties pleadingly with my mouth, begging her to let me taste her. Instead of reaching for her underwear she reached for my hair, pulling my head sharply away from her and hit me: a hard slap up one side of my face causing me to turn my head violently to the side and gasp loudly. Why did she hit me? I could see she wanted me. 

I looked down at the floor for a minute then hesitatingly turned my face back towards her. 

"You always ask for my permission. Remember what I said; I am in control," she said coldly.

I looked up at her, my eyes sparkling with tears. ".... I'm sorry."

"You'll learn," she said reassuringly, reaching down to wipe the tears from my face. It seemed impossible that this was the same woman that had just hit me so viciously and without warning just a few seconds ago. She smiled at me lovingly and played with my springy blonde curls, carefully moving the few stray that had fallen into my face. 

"Erica?" I said sweetly. 

"Yes?" 

"May I...," My gaze lowering to her crotch, "Please..." 

"No," I could see from the look on her face that she had other plans, "I want to tie you down and fuck you first. Consider it a positive, by the time you get down here," she took two fingers and ran them along her sodden panties, "There will be even more juice for you to drink. I'm going to make you moan so loudly for me to take you with my biggest strap-on. Guaranteed to make me wet. Do you want to make me wet Anna?" 

"Yes Erica," I said obediently, "Please fuck me." 

"Oh, I'll fuck you alright; I'm not sure a little girl like you can take it. I'm a lot stronger than you but if you do take everything I give you you'll be rewarded. Now get up." 

She walked over to the wardrobe on the other side of the room and retrieved two pieces of rope and a huge strap-on dildo. 

"Let's get rid of your panties," Erica said pulling them down to the ground and helping me step out of them. "Get up on the bed on all fours," she commanded. I did as I was told, not wanting to displease her any more. I felt a piece of rope being tied around each of my ankles. 

"Spread your legs as wide as they go." 

My ankles were tied to the bed posts leaving my most private area completely exposed to Erica. I heard her unzipping her skirt and then the click of the fastener on the dildo. 

"Look at your little pink cunt glistening. It's so wet I'm not even going to use lube. Try not to scream too loudly!" Erica taunted. 

I was absolutely soaking. I wanted her to fuck me so badly but I was still terrified. I felt so powerless and so exposed. I had no control over the situation but to my surprise I didn't want any. 

I felt my pussy spread by the very tip of the dildo. It was so wide; surely it would never fit inside of me! Slowly she began to slide in and out. Not going in deep at all but I still felt like I was being gradually ripped apart. 

Her hands reached for my waist and her grip grew firmer after a few more minutes of slow pumping. Suddenly she jerked her hips forward and pulled my hips back onto her. I collapsed onto the bed and screamed loudly in ecstasy. My arms could no longer hold me up. For the first time I felt my skin touch hers.

She fucked me harder and harder, each time pushing in the full way and pulling me back onto her. I lay on the bed helplessly moaning. I could hear my own breathing becoming faster. Then I climaxed: my whole body shook and I let out a long, throaty moan that I never knew I had in me. 

"Anna!" Erica shouted angrily, "Did you just come?" pulling the dildo out immediately.

"....yes Erica," I replied nervously. I didn't understand. 

"Do you not remember what I said? You must always ask my permission!" said Erica still sounding annoyed. 

"I'm sorry, I forgot," I replied pleadingly. 

"I think a spanking would help you remember," Erica said seriously. 

When she said the word spanking a rush of excitement ran through my body. I knew well enough that if Erica were to spank me it would definitely hurt but it would be worth it just to feel her touch. 

"You understand don't you Anna? Bad girls need to be punished so they learn how to behave. Don't they?" 

"Yes Erica," I agreed nervously. 

Once again I heard the sound of the fastener on her strap-on and the sound of her heels on the wooden floor. I could feel the anticipation building inside me as walked back towards me. She undid the rope around my ankles deliberately slowly sensing my nerves and intensifying them. I hoped the spanking wouldn't be this slow and painful. 

"Get up," Erica ordered. 

I did so immediately. The tone of her voice was not to be argued with. She stood in front of me now wearing only her underwear, heels and unbuttoned shirt leaving her sumptuous cleavage clearly visible. Beside her I felt so inferior. Erica was tall and striking, the 'charm' people often said there was about me seemed irrelevant in comparison. 

She retrieved a high-backed chair from the other side of the room, set it down in front of me and sat down. 

"Turn back around and bend over."

I bent at the waist pushing my rear out to be inspected critically by Erica. 

"Spread your legs just a little," she said forcing her hand between my tightly shut legs. 

I was reluctant to comply but thought better and spread my legs obediently. I felt my pussy begin to drip inevitably over Erica's perfectly manicured fingers.

SLAP! I gasped loudly at the force she struck me. I was struggling to stay on my feet. 

"Turn around Anna," she said in a stern voice. "And clean my fingers," she added forcing them into my mouth making me taste my own juices. To my surprise it tasted quite pleasant, sweet almost. 

"Over my knee," Erica insisted. 

I approached her cautiously only to have her grab my arm, pull me closer and throw me effortlessly across her lap. 

For a moment I lay there breathlessly comforted by one of Erica's hands firmly around my waist and the other rubbing my ass soothingly. 

The first spank came unexpectedly causing me to suddenly arch my back and squeal but she continued pitilessly. I squirmed and wriggled desperately trying to free myself but she held me firmly. 

After the first twenty spanks or so I gave up fighting and resigned myself to Erica's wrath. She began to strike me harder and harder. I could feel my ass burning a bright red and the stinging intensified. 

I lay helplessly across her lap crying out after each slap. Soon I felt tears begin to rain down on my cheeks as the spanks rained down on my ass. 

SLAP! "Don't," SLAP! "Forget," SLAP! "To," SLAP! "Ask," SLAP! "Permission!" Erica shouted. 

"I won't," I cried, "....Please Erica, please stop!" 

"Count!" she ordered mercilessly. Something unfamiliar hit my ass. 

"Ugh! One," I moaned. 

By the time I got to six my numbers became unrecognisable through my tears and moans. On the tenth and last stroke she loosened her grip on my waist and I fell clumsily unto the floor. 

Before I had a chance to catch my breath Erica was on the floor beside me cradling me in her arms. 

"Sssh, Anna," she whispered softly while pulling me into an upright position. 

I lay back in her arms clinging on to her shirt like a small child. It was unbelievable how safe she made me feel during and after my spanking and how wet. It had hurt like hell but I almost didn't want it to stop. I longed to be near her. 

She began to massage my clit in small circles. It didn't take long before I was ready to come. This time I didn't forget to ask. 

A huge orgasm rushed through my body and sent shivers down my spine. I moaned and whimpered as Erica pressed her lips against mine in a long passionate kiss that left me gasping for breath. 

"Erica?" I asked looking pleadingly down at her crotch again. 

"Yes, Anna you can," Erica laughed. 

I reached down and pulled her panties to her ankles then got between her legs on my hands and knees. My ass which was still red stuck up in the air as I ran my tongue over her pussy tasting her juices. They tasted different to my own they were musky, tangy and unsurprisingly in abundance. I finished cleaning up the outside and moved to the inside plunging my tongue in deep and occasionally moving to suck hard on her clit. After a few repetitions she came hard covering my face with her juices. 

"Oh Aahnnnaaa!" she moaned breathily. 

After a moment Erica began to laugh, "Look at the state of you! If you're a good girl I might let you come in the bath!"