 *This is a sequel to the last story I wrote so it probably would make more sense if you read it first! Thank-you to everyone who voted and left the lovely comments. x

It had been three weeks since my encounter with Erica. She had not tried to make contact with me afterwards but every time the phone rang the identity of the caller disappointed me. 

I found it difficult to concentrate with thoughts of Erica popping into my head, forcing me to recall what had happened between us. Thus, leaving me in an undeniable state of arousal. 

In the end I decided I would have to try and contact her. This, to me seemed odd; when we were together Erica was the one to take control. I was reluctant to find her myself because she came across as the kind of women who would go and get for herself exactly what she wanted. Maybe she didn't want me. 

After much consideration I resolved to go through with it. Driven by memories of the last time and the irreplaceable feeling I had when I was around her, at least I could say I tried. 

I would have to do it now before I chickened out. It was a Monday morning so I knew she would be at work. 

I dressed in the outfit I had chosen carefully last night; ankle length trousers, white shirt and heels. Appropriate for both finding Erica and my lunchtime meeting. I applied my make-up carefully but let my blonde hair fall in it's natural waves down my back. 

The building was easy to find. I parked outside and made my way inside without giving myself the opportunity to change my mind. 

As I walked in the secretary was picking up her handbag about to leave for lunch. 

'I'm sorry,' she said, 'I was just leaving, we don't have any appointments available.' 

'Oh, actually I was wondering if I could have a quick word with Erica,' I replied. 

'Erica?' the secretary questioned, 'Oh! You mean Ms Fitzgerald.' She seemed surprised I had used her first name. 

'Uh... yeah,' I mumbled. 

She reached for the phone 'Who should I say it is?' she asked whilst dialling a number. 

'Eh... Anna,' I replied but not quite knowing what to say. 

She spoke quickly and formally into the phone. 

'Give her five minutes and then it's the second door on the right.' 

I sat down as the secretary left. The building was completely silent. The only sound I could hear was my own racing heartbeat. I wondered if there was anyone else there as I nervously waited for five minutes to pass. 

When I was satisfied it had been five minutes I went to find the second door on the right. I took a deep breath and knocked quickly. 

The door was opened as quickly as I had knocked. Erica stood wordlessly before me with a serious expression on her face. Her clinically tidy office and sharply tailored suit added to the impression I got. She moved back from the door, silently inviting me in. I entered anxiously. 

As soon as I was out of the zone restricting the door she shut it behind me, cornered me against it and placed her hands above my shoulders making me feel intimidated by her height. Erica lifted her leg and pressed it against the door between my legs. She then pushed her knee up to what was, for her, a comfortable height but left me forced to stand on my toes. 

My breathing quickened as her knee pressed uncomfortably hard against my crotch and she moved in closer to me and began to unbutton my shirt. I shivered as she touched me and I became aware of the constant butterflies in my stomach. I felt my shirt slide off one shoulder revealing the strap of my bra. I hadn't noticed the small piece of paper Erica had been holding between two fingers until she slipped it under my bra strap. 

With the minimum contact possible she re-buttoned my shirt then pulled her knee away leaving me struggling to stay on my feet as I was suddenly dropped from the tips of toes. At this she sat down at her desk with some papers and gave me a look as if to say, 'Are you still here?' 

With that I left. I walked as quickly as I could back to the car; I couldn't very well start poking around in my bra here. What did the note say? 

I couldn't wait until I got home. I drove into a seemingly deserted alleyway, the kind that filled the space between the backs of flats on the outskirts of the city. Satisfied there was no one around I undid the first two buttons on my shirt and slid it down like Erica had minutes before. The note now sat just peeking out from behind the lace trim on my bra. I removed it and re-buttoned my shirt as fast as I could in my paranoid state, scared someone would see me. 

The note read: IT TOOK YOU LONG ENOUGH! MY HOUSE, TONIGHT, 8PM. SHARP. 

My heart skipped a beat. As I read I couldn't help but imagine the stern, clipped tone I was sure she would have used if she had told me to my face. I didn't know she expected me to get in touch with her. She didn't say anything or even give me a number!  

I soon forgot my confusion over how she expected me to contact her but began to worry about the forthcoming evening. What was she going to do to me? The marks had only recently faded from the last time but yet I couldn't wait for her to bruise me all over again. I wanted pain, but only from Erica, I wanted her to hurt me. I loved the pain as much as the gentle caresses. It was unexplainable. 

Could I take the pain? Would I still enjoy it? Would she stop if it was too much? Doubts circulated in my mind. The last time I whimpered and begged but she carried on relentlessly. Somehow I trusted her not to push me too far. I enjoyed putting my fate in her hands. 

My meeting seemed to last forever and the afternoon's coursework seemed endless. At six o'clock I could concentrate no longer. I occupied myself with meaningless household tasks in an attempt to stop worrying. 

I showered, waxed, plucked and moisturised in preparation. I touched up my precisely applied make up but couldn't bring myself to eat anything before I left. 

I pulled up outside her house at eight o'clock exactly, relieved to have made it in time. All the curtains were closed and the house was in darkness. It didn't seem like there was anyone in. 

As I walked up Erica's excessively long drive I noticed there was a note taped to the door. 

It simply read: It's open... 

I opened the door nervously and stepped inside. The house was completely dark apart from one room at the end of a corridor. I followed the light, wary of the sound of my heels on the floor in the silent house. 

The room with the light on turned out to be the kitchen where Erica sat waiting. She wore only a black corset, stockings and ferociously high black stilettos. I was almost too preoccupied by her appearance to notice what was sitting out on the marble worktop. There were a selection of whips, canes, straps, even hairbrushes and a wooden spoon. I tensed up when I caught sight of the collection of instruments but was soon distracted. 

Erica stood up. Her stocking clad legs seemed to go on forever, her full, round breasts sat perched but only just on the edge of her corset and just ... well, Erica. She walked confidently toward me and began to disrobe me. Even she was surprised at how little effort this took as under my coat I wore matching vintage style underwear and nothing else. 

'Just because you look cute doesn't mean you're getting out of it,' she declared. 

I stared back blankly. 

'You don't expect me to have to wait for you?' Erica questioned playfully. 

'Sorry,' I giggled. 

'Aren't you forgetting something?' she asked pinching my nipple. 

'Oh, sorry Erica,' I corrected. 

'That's better,' she patronised. 'Now bend over the counter.' 

I moved slowly and reluctantly towards the counter. 

'Hurry up!' she barked. I didn't dare argue. 

She ran her nails down my back and fondled my ass roughly before producing a long piece of rope, seemingly from nowhere. I felt it being wrapped around my ankles then watched her pass it through the cupboard handles on either side of the bench I lay over. My hands were tied tightly to each end of the rope. I could barely move. 

'You're not going anywhere darling,' Erica said, 'And I suppose you can work out why I have all of this laid out on the table.' 

I began to shift around uncomfortably, predicting what she had planned. 'Please...' I begged, 'Don't,' although safe in the knowledge that this wouldn't make an ounce of difference. 

'Somehow I don't quite believe you,' Erica said wryly. 'The last decision you had to make today was whether or not to come. Now you really don't have a choice. I'm going to beat you hard and you are going to love every minute of it!' 

I knew she was right. I may shy away from pain but I knew I wouldn't want her to stop when she began. 

I heard Erica pick something up from behind me but couldn't see what due to my firm restraints. I nervously pushed my ass up anticipating the first stroke and braced myself.

I squealed in shock when instead of the sharp stroke I had been expecting came a bucket full of iced water. It was so cold it almost felt as if it was burning me. 

'Don't make a fuss Anna, you'll dry out,' she said while stroking my hair comfortingly. I stopped shaking and my muscles relaxed at her soothing words. 

'Don't get too comfortable though.' 

I didn't hear anything but I felt it. A hard leather strap lashed down suddenly on my ass. I jumped and squirmed uncontrollably. The water seemed to make it sting so much more but before I had time to contemplate the strap had landed three more times. 

'You will be given ten with the strap, ten with the hairbrush, ten with the wooden spoon, ten with the whip and ten with the cane,' Erica stated in a businesslike manner. 

'But, Erica!' I whimpered pitifully. 

'None of that or I'll double it!' she said harshly. 

Even if she hadn't thrown a bucket of water over me my panties would still have been wet. I loved it when she was so strict with me. 

I sensed her getting closer and instinctively pulled away. 

SLAP!

'You came here on your own accord, knowing what you were letting your self in for. When I move to touch you won't move away. For tonight you are mine to do exactly what I please with.' 

'Yes Erica,' I said, too frightened to disagree. 

'Quite frankly it really doesn't matter whether or not you agree. Now, stick your ass out for me,' she ordered. I did as I was told. 

Erica proceeded to pull my panties down to my ankles to reveal my already pink ass. 

'Ready?' she asked. 

'Yes Erica,' I answered nervously. 

She began with the strap telling me the four I had already received didn't count as I was wearing panties. The strokes were consistently hard and evenly spread. I tried as hard as I could to stay quiet but a scream still escaped my mouth. 

'Too noisy!' Erica declared giving me an eleventh stroke only causing me to scream louder than the last time. 'Oh shut up Anna, it's really not that bad,' she said as she pulled herself up on the tabletop, legs spread in front of my face. She pushed my head into her wet crotch forcing me to eat her pussy. 

She lifted the hairbrush and said, 'Now, let's see if that will keep you any quieter!' 

The hairbrush landed square on my ass. I moaned into her pussy as I pushed my tongue in farther. Soon I wasn't the only one moaning. As Erica came closer and closer to orgasm the strokes on my ass came harder and harder although they were still precisely counted. After exactly ten with the hairbrush she picked up the wooden spoon without pausing. I worked harder with my mouth; sucking her clit and plunging my tongue into her slit alternatively. 

The wooden spoon hurt more than the hairbrush had but still I pushed my ass up into the air, desperate for more. I could feel my ass shining a bright red. It was so humiliating having it stuck up for anyone to see but yet it only made the juices drip down the inside of my legs thicker and faster. 

The tenth stroke made a resounding 'SMACK!' and echoed around the now near silent kitchen as Erica threw her head back and covered my face with her cum. 

As soon as she had regained her composure she was up on her feet. She pointed to the small puddle she had left on the bench, 'I want every drop of that licked up!' she ordered. 

Eager to please I licked the creamy liquid up as quickly as I could even licking the bench afterwards until I could no longer taste her. 

Unexpectedly the whip landed hard on my ass. I screamed out loud only to be completely ignored. Erica continued to whip me brutally as I squirmed with a mixture of pleasure and pain. This really was torture. I became more and more aroused and my pussy ached for stimulation. 

In my anguish I pushed my ass up as far as I could, willing even to feel the whip against my dripping pussy. I was disappointed when the whip didn't fall on my ass again. I must have had ten already. 

'Please.... Erica....' I moaned breathlessly, 'Touch me ... please.' 

As if it was an answer she began to cane me. I had never felt Erica's full strength before. I heard her sigh in concentration and when she hit me she moaned almost like the tennis players at Wimbledon. 

Of course the noises she made were insignificant compared to the ones I did. My piercingly high screams seemed to cut through the rest of noise and reverberate around the tiled room. 

If she hit me any harder I was sure I would bleed. The pain was so intense, like nothing I had ever felt before. The heat and dampness in my pussy felt as though it were spreading through my whole body. My breathing became heavier and I began to shake violently due to desperation and panic. 

I don't remember what happened after that. I must have fainted but before I even had a chance to open my eyes a powerful orgasm took over my body which was closely followed by another two. 

When I opened my eyes I saw Erica smiling down at me writhing in pleasure on the bed. By now she had withdrawn her hand from my clit and reached for a jar of some kind of gel that was sitting in the dresser. 

'Roll over darling,' she said gently as her hands slid round my waist helping me to move my stiff, sore body. 

'Erica, what happened?' I asked. 

'You passed out, I untied you and carried you upstairs,' she laughed now rubbing the cool gel into my ass soothingly. 

'You carried me upstairs?' I repeated in disbelief. 

'I thought you might have realised; I'm stronger than I look!' 

I felt stupid now. I knew Erica's strength all too well. 

'You didn't eat anything this evening, did you?' she said knowingly. 

'No Erica,' I replied sheepishly, 'I wasn't sure I could keep it down.' 

'By the second time people usually aren't so nervous, but then again most people aren't like you.' 

'What do you mean?' I asked. 

'I mean I get sick of the usual needy little sluts who just want their bottom spanked and then cum for the rest of the time. You are so obedient, you take the cane so well never mind how cute you are.' 

'Oh,' I blushed nervously as she praised me. 

'I think you mean thank-you Erica,' she chastised, giving the inside of my leg a playful slap. 

'Thank-you Erica,' I corrected. 

'You're off next week, aren't you?' 

'Yes Erica.' 

'Why don't you stay with me, under my control, be my live in sex toy for the week,' she laughed. 'What do you say?' 

Just the thought of it filled me with excitement. A whole week under Erica's strict instruction. 

'Yes please Erica,' I giggled. 

'Good girl, I suppose I may as well begin teaching you how to be a proper submissive right away.' 

She reached over and took a small, odd shaped metal vibrator out of the drawer, switched it on and placed it on my clit. 

After a few moments I moaned out, 'Please can I cum Erica!' remembering what had happened the last time when I forgot. 

'No,' she said simply, switching the vibrator off and replacing it in the drawer. 'You need to learn to control yourself because from now on you are forbidden to masturbate. Believe me you don't want to find out what will happen if you do. Now come to bed darling.' 

I was so aroused I was barely able to function. Erica evidently got bored waiting. She pulled me into bed, stuck one of her nipples in my mouth, took my hand in hers and pushed my fingers in and out until she came. I fought my own arousal as I licked the juices off my fingers and tried my best to fall asleep with Erica stroking my hair comfortingly with one hand and the other wrapped around my waist. 

I doubted I would get much sleep that evening but it was almost guaranteed that I would get even less next week. What had I signed myself up for?