 N.B: Please bear in mind that last part of this story is not intended to be erotic, nor am I implying that this is what happens in BDSM orientated relationships. 

All feedback is much appreciated x 

********** 

I woke up with a start. 

'It's only me Sweetheart,' Erica whispered. 

She was kissing me softly up one side of my neck but was so close she was nearly lying on top of me. 

'You'd need to be getting up soon so you can go and pick up that coursework,' she said.

'No...' I groaned lazily, not bothering to open my eyes. 

The previous night had been amazing. Although it didn't entail any of our routine kinkiness I had felt so close to Erica it was almost as though I was a part of her. The warmth and the intimacy she had displayed was only a privilege I received every once in a while. I didn't want it to be over just yet.

'Come on!' she laughed.

'No, I want to stay here,' I complained. 

'Now, seriously, get up Anna,' she said decisively. 

'Mmmm...' 

'Anna!' 

I smiled roguishly with no intention of ever moving. 

'Oh that's it!' Erica said playfully, getting out of bed. 

'No!' I moaned, grabbing her loosely by the wrist. 

She abruptly ripped the duvet from the bed. 'Up!' she shouted. 

I still didn't show any signs of moving. 

'Trust you to have to do this the hard way,' she said with a mock scowl. 

Erica got onto her knees on the bed beside me. Before I caught on to what she was going to do she had caught me by the ankles and had me with my legs in the air. She began to administer quick, playful swats to each of my ass cheeks in turn. 

'This is what you get if you don't behave yourself Anna,' she warned. 

'It's not the first time you've shown me,' I reminisced. 

'I can show you lots more times too!' she exclaimed. 'Are you going to be a good girl and do as you're told?' 

'No!' I protested cheekily. 

'Looks like these panties are coming down then!' 

'Fine! I'm still not getting up.' I laughed. 

'We'll see about that,' Erica said, hitting me harder. 

'Mm...' 

'What a dirty little girl! Getting kicks out of your spankings,' she taunted. 

'Will you hit me harder, please Erica,' I begged. 

'Harder! You know what; I think you deserve something more vicious than my hand.' 

'Yes, I do, please...' 

Ever so conveniently she pulled a wooden ruler out of the drawer of the bedside table. One lash with the ruler covered the whole width of my bottom and managed to hit my pussy too. 

'Ouch,' I squeaked. 

'Did I hit your poor little pussy?' she teased going back and doing it a second time. 

'Ow, that hurts!' 

'That's the general idea,' Erica patronised, giving me a third. 

'I'll get up!' I said, giving up my argument all too easily. 

'You're not going anywhere yet!' 

'I'll be good I promise,' I baited. 

'Really?' she asked, picking up a regular rhythm. 

'Yes. I need to go get ready or I'll be late.' 

'How ironic!' she laughed. 

I ran out of excuses and just let her spank me for a little while. Honestly, I was quite enjoying myself. 

'Anna, you've made my ruler all wet in the middle!' she complained. 

'Sorry Erica,' I giggled. 

'Lick it clean for me and I might go and get the strap-on out.' 

'Yes Mistress, please...' I began to lick the ruler immediately. 

'That's a good girl.' 

I licked eagerly as I watched Erica put on a strap-on from the back. I almost became distracted from my job of cleaning the ruler because of the unimpeded view of her ass. She did have a lovely bottom, curvy and toned. And the way her muscles moved... 

I got the shock of my life when she turned around. Although I knew she was putting on a strap-on I hadn't imagined how ridiculous it would look. Erica was a very feminine looking woman. Her full curves on her slim, toned frame were the focus of my dreams but slap bang in the middle of it all; a massive cock. 

I had to suppress a bout of giggles. The first and only time she had used her strap-on she had taken me from behind and forbidden me to look. It seemed perfectly fitting while I didn't have a view but now it seemed so far fetched. 

'What?' she demanded. 

'I- I...' I stuttered. 

'I'm glad I was born female. I don't suit a cock,' she grinned, changing her tone. 

I laughed in relief. Thank goodness she wasn't actually mad with me. 

'Now let's have a look at that ruler.' She said taking it out of my hands. 'Very good. Do you want it in your pussy or your ass?' 

'Not my ass, please!' I begged tensely. 

'I didn't think so pet,' she smiled. 'I want you on top of me this time.' 

She lay down on the bed beside me and I rolled on top of her. 

'Ok Darling.' She began. I didn't wait for another invitation. 

I began to pump up and down unsteadily. I was wobbling around all over the place until Erica took hold of my waist. 

'Good girl. Go a little harder for me,' she said reassuringly. 

'Yes Erica,' I said, now moving faster. 

'That's nice Sweetheart,' she encouraged, 'I can feel you on my clit.' 

I began to cautiously circle her areoles with the tips of my fingers and watched goose bumps appear on her skin. 

Erica gently began to move her own hips which drove me wild. My breathing quickened and I instinctively began to move more quickly. 

Erica let out a primal moan as she orgasmed, sending me over the edge. I held onto her shoulders as I came to stop myself from toppling over. 

'Anna, did you ask me before you came?' she asked, pulling us both into a sitting position. 

'No, Mistress...' I mumbled in embarrassment. 'I'm sorry; punish me to help me remember Mistress, please.' 

I couldn't believe I'd forgotten. She'd been so strict with me about that at the very beginning. 

'It's ok this once Anna. It wouldn't be fair to punish you this time; I know I've been a little more lenient recently.' 

'I'm so sorry,' I said looking down at the bed cover, 'Why don't you punish me now for all those times,' I suggested. 

'No Darling, it's been my fault for getting carried away with my own sensations. I'm sorry. Just try and remember next time, yes?' 

'Yes Mistress,' I said, snuggling into her chest. 

'You really are a very good girl,' she sighed. 

'Thank-you,' I whispered, looking up in the hope of a kiss. 

She gave me exactly what I wanted; a soft tender kiss on the lips and then touched the tip of my nose affectionately. 

'When I get back...' I began nervously. 

'Go on Anna,' she said looking interested. 

'Um... will you cane me?' I blurted out suddenly. 

Erica looked confused. 'Why do you want that?' 

'I just want to feel it, I want to learn to take it,' I explained. 

'Are you sure Baby? It would hurt. Really hurt.' She paused. 'You've done nothing to warrant that Anna.' 

'I know...' I trailed off. 'It was a silly idea.' 

'Oh no, I didn't mean that. I just don't want to hurt you too much,' she said while stroking my hair. 

'I want to feel you. And I like the marks it leaves,' I smiled. 

'They do look very pretty on your bottom,' she agreed. 'It wouldn't be like a punishment though. I'd give you a safe word to use in case it got too much. You wouldn't have to take anymore than you can manage.' 

'I'd like that,' I said truthfully. 

'Think about it while you're out and tell me if you change your mind but otherwise I'll be waiting for you in the office.' 

'Thank-you Mistress.' 

I loved that Erica listened to what I said with such interest and such an open mind. If I had ever told any of my previous partners what I really wanted they'd have thought I was nuts. 

'It must be so late! I've got to go,' I said leaping from her arms. 

'Actually Anna, it's only half-eight,' she laughed guiltily. 

'But I thought you said...' 

'I want to get some work done today. If I hadn't woken you up early I'd have been horny as hell all day!' 

'Me too,' I admitted sheepishly. 

We went downstairs soon after and had breakfast. I reluctantly left at 9.30 to go pick up my coursework. 

********** 

'Hey, Anna!' I heard someone shout as I walked across to where I had parked my car. 

'Gwen! I haven't seen you for ages,' I said trying to be friendly although I never really liked her. I didn't stop to chat because I was excited to get back to Erica. 

'Oi! I'll just get straight to the point then,' she rudely began. 

'What?' I asked, clearly confused. 

'I know you've been fucking some posh lawyer.' 

'Gwen, what are you talking about?' 

'Don't play stupid Anna. I know it's a woman too. What would mummy and daddy say?' she teased. 

'What's your problem?' 

'It'll be your problem soon.' She smiled devilishly. 'Two strict Irish Catholics, I wonder what they'll say when they find out their only daughter's turned out to be a filthy lesbian...' 

'What do you want?' I snarled. 

She opened the plastic bag I was carrying and dropped her smaller, seemingly empty one inside, 

'That'll do for now,' she smiled. 'Oh and Anna, I thought you had better taste.' 

I got into the car and waited until she walked away. How could she possibly know? And more worryingly, what was in that bag? 

I took a quick look and didn't see anything at first. When I took a closer look I realised there was something in the corner; a tiny clear plastic bag filled with fine white powder. Was it really what I thought it was? 

I shoved the small bag into my handbag and drove home straight away. I needed to get back to safety, to Erica. 

**********

As soon as I arrived I wasted no time getting inside and upstairs to the door of the office, carelessly flinging it open. 

'Very polite!' she commented, looking up from her work over the top of her reading glasses. Even standing in the same room as her helped to calm me down.

'Sorry Erica.' 

'You look a little peaky Darling. Are you feeling alright?' she asked with genuine concern. 

'Fine,' I answered quickly. 

'You're very jumpy,' she said getting up and walking over to me. She bent down a little to make proper eye contact. 'Is everything ok?' 

'I'm fine,' I insisted unconvincingly. 

'Are you disappointed with your coursework?' 

'No, it was better than I expected.' 

'Second thoughts about the caning?' 

'No,' I said although I had completely forgotten.' 

'You don't have to go through with it you know. It's ok.' Erica had her hand on my arm and was studying my facial expression. 

'No, I want you to cane me. Now, please.' I said solemnly. It was just what I needed. 

'If your sure Anna.' 

'I am.' 

'Come here for a cuddle first,' she said warmly, holding her arms out to me. She was obviously worried. 'Cuddles' weren't really Erica's thing. 

'No, please,' I began urgently, 'Cane me now.' 

'Ok then,' she said with apparent surprise. 'Your safe-word is uncle. Don't hesitate to use it if it gets too much, I'll stop right away. Do you understand?' 

'Yes Mistress.' 

She lifted a hard, wooden, straight backed chair and placed it in the centre of the room. 

'Come here Sweetheart,' she said. I could tell from the look on her face that she would rather pick me up and cuddle me than cane me. 

Erica unbuttoned my trousers, helped me out of them and took down my panties. I watched her fold them up and set them neatly on her desk. 

'Bend over and lean on the chair.' 

I did as I was told.

She pushed her hand between my tightly shut legs to feel for any dampness. I wasn't aroused in the slightest. Usually the thought of Erica taking the cane to my bare bottom would have gotten me very excited but this time it was different. 

'We've got some talking to do later Anna,' she said as she moved her hand away. She knew I would usually be soaking by this point. 'I'll warm you up with my hand before I get the cane Darling. You'll be able to take more that way.' 

'Thank you Mistress.' 

'That's a good girl,' she whispered. 

She lifted her hand and began to spank my cheeks. She was by no means going easy on me; each slap was harshly delivered and stung with a vengeance. 

Erica rested her hand on the small of my back and gave me about fifty more hard spanks. 

'Please give me some more,' I begged. 

'I'm going to get the cane. What's your safe word?' 

'Uncle,' I said. 

'Good. You will use it if you need to, won't you Anna?' 

'Yes Mistress, please...' 

'Ok, ok. I'll start now,' she sighed. 'I don't know what's wrong with you Pet. When we're finished I want you to tell me everything so I can help you.' 

She said nothing further before lashing the cane down across my ass. I burst into tears on the first stroke. The next was lighter but it hit the very tops of my thighs which stung more. I didn't move or try to get away. I seriously craved the pain but it wasn't even because I was aroused.

'Alright?' Erica asked. 

'More please,' I sobbed. 

The cane whistled through the air and landed on my ass three times in quick succession. Now I was crying like a baby as the sting spread through my ass.

'Remember; we can stop anytime you like Darling,' she said, stroking my ass sympathetically. 

Just then my phone began to ring. I jumped more at the unexpected noise than I had at any of the cane strokes. 

'Say still. I'll get it,' she said heading for my handbag. 

My heart rate soared. 'It's ok,' I said making a move towards the bag. 

'No Anna, stay in position,' she ordered firmly. 

I closed my eyes and prayed she wouldn't find it. 

'Hello, Anna's phone,' Erica said pleasantly. 

I sighed in relief and dared to look. 

'No, sorry, she can't make it to the phone right now...' she trailed off. 'I'll tell her you called.' She hung up briskly and let the phone slide out of her hand back into the bag. 

'Anna,' she began shakily. 

'Please, it's not mine!' I panicked, walking over to where she had seemingly frozen to the spot. 

'Get back down!' she bellowed, suddenly regaining her composure. 

'I'm not-,' 

'Of course your not!' Erica exclaimed angrily. 

'It's not-,' 

'Shut up,' she screamed. She looked as though she were about to cry. 'I don't want to hear it!' 

'Let me explain-,' 

A hard, cold-hearted slap in the face stopped me from explaining anything. She scrunched up my neatly folded underwear and shoved them in my mouth before I could protest. 

'I'm not finished with you! In fact I've not even started!' She threw me down across the desk with no regard for her paperwork or my poor hipbones which directly collided with the solid wood. 

She snatched the cane from the table top and began whipping me furiously. 

'I can't believe you would do that!' Erica cried while caning me pitilessly. 'I trusted you Anna. 

It all makes sense now. You looked so on edge, you weren't yourself. Coursework wasn't the only thing you had gone to pick up. I was worried about you!' 

I cried and squealed through my makeshift gag but she paid no attention. The pain was excruciating. I lunged to the side in an attempt to get away but she caught me by the back of my shirt. 

'You're not going anywhere!' she said gruffly. 

Erica hitched her skirt up a bit so she could get one foot on the chair. She threw me over her thigh so violently I was winded and my feet no longer touched the ground. I could barely breathe because I was crying so much. I tried to reason with her but everything I said was completely indecipherable. 

She resumed the caning just as hard as before. 

'You stupid, stupid bitch!' She roared, hitting me harder on the word 'stupid.' 

I hadn't ever seen Erica like this before. I had never been so terrified in my life. I couldn't take it anymore and she showed no signs of letting up. By now I was bawling my eyes out. 

In an attempt to make her stop I dug my nails into her naked thigh and squealed. 

'Ouch! Anna I've had it with you. Come on.' She took me by the arm and dragged me down the stairs. We headed towards the kitchen and then to the back door. She pulled me outside kicking and screaming and threw me onto the grass. 

I lay there crying helplessly as Erica disappeared around the side of the house. Gratefully I rolled around on the grass using the morning dew to cool my throbbing buttocks and pulled my panties from my mouth. I panicked when I saw the bloody trail I had left on the grass. 

Just as I had begun to calm down Erica reappeared. She was heading towards me carrying a short plank of wood. 

I pulled myself into a very painful sitting position and edged backwards across the garden. 

'Please don't hurt me,' I cried. She showed no signs of mercy and was getting dangerously close. 'It was blackmail,' I pleaded. 'She said she would tell my mum I've been sleeping with a woman. I didn't take any, I promise.' 

'Who?' she demanded. 

'From uni...' 

'Who?' she shouted. 

'Gwen.' I revealed. 'Please don't hit me with that,' I begged. 'Anything else Erica, please.' 

'Where does she live?' 

'No, you can't!' I squealed. 

She lifted the plank above her head ready to swing it down. 

'Across from my dorm!' I screamed hysterically, hiding my face in my hands.

Erica threw down the wood and ran into the house. Seconds later I heard the front door slam and the car engine start. 

I fell onto my back in relief. She had gone, but what on earth was she going to do next?