 (This story was inspired by a long distance relationship with wicked awesome phone sex and my wild imagination. Enjoy :P)

*

Studwhore (N.) : One who is a whore for her stud. See Fig.1: Me

I'm in her bed on all fours. She's got my jeans and boxers around my ankles. White beater bunched up at my shoulders. She's kissing my back and running her tongue down my spine. Her hands are slowly roaming over my flat stomach. I'm gasping and shaking. she's nipping lightly at my sides, making moan and move my hips. G-d, I'm so wet and she's barely done anything.

She moves her hands down the back of my thighs and spreads my legs farther apart. I can feel myself dripping. I start to whine. I lower my upper body down onto the bed, pushing my pussy up towards her face. I can feel her warm breath on me, teasing me further. "Is there something you want?" she asks. Cocky bastard.

I'm soaked and I thought I'd go crazy if she didn't touch me soon. Before I could say anything, she drags her tongue up and down my slit. I stuffed my face into the pillow and screamed. She moved her tongue up, swirling it around my swollen clit, then moved it back down and shoved it inside my throbbing pussy. I almost couldn't take it. I was moaning uncontrollably as she furiuosly tongue fucked me. She rolled my clit between her two fingers as I frantically pushed back to ride her mouth. I was gripping the pillow so hard my knuckles started to hurt.

I was right on the verge of cumming and practically crying as my pussy began to clamp down on her talented tongue. Just before it happened, she pulled her tongue out of me. I was stunned. My breathing was ragged and when I turned to ask why the hell she stopped, she spanked me. Shocked was an understatement. I couldn't deny that it felt good but it wasn't what I wanted. When I didn't answer, she spanked me again. Shit, I was so fucking close. I knew what she wanted to hear. I was way past caring. So I bit the bullet and said it. "Please, Daddi?"

I could feel the grin appearing across her lips. "Please Daddi, what?" She bit me hard on my right thigh then went over it with her hot tongue. Mmm, I knew it'd leave a mark.

"Please Daddi, please finish me off." She shoved her tongue back into my hole and pinched my clit. She held my hips to still my movements as I busted all over her lips and into her mouth. I was screaming so loud into my pillow, my throat hurt. My pussy was squeezing her tongue and my knees were weak. Her strong arms held me up as she licked me clean.

I could feel her caressing my back as I calmed down a bit and released my death grip on the pillow. "Babi, are you awake", A muffled yes was my answer, "Good cuz my strap wants to fuck you and I want to watch." The statement alone made my pussy juicy all over again. The sound of her zipper being pulled down made my clit tingle. I looked over my shoulder and watched her spread lube all over it and felt her smooth over my already gushing hole. I have no doubt I'm a lesbian but something about watching her lube up her strap mesmerized me and turned me on to no end.

She grabbed my hips, roughly pulling me back onto her as she slammed it into me.G-d, it felt so good. She stilled her movements until I was comfortable enough for her to continue. She slowly pulled it out of me till only the tip was left in then yanked me back onto her strap. She continued to fuck me hard and fast while all I could do was moan and throw myself back onto her. I was way past speech, mumbling incoherently and clamping my eyes shut . She leaned her body down on top of me and I could feel her breast pressing against my back. She wrapped her arm around my waist holding me in place while she continued to pound into me. I moved my arm behind me to hold onto her thigh. She bit my shoulder and I cried out.

"You like it, don't you babi", she breathed hot and low in my ear, "tell me you love it babi."

She sucks on my earlobe and I tell her. "Yes daddi, I love it." She moans and pulls us both up into a sitting position. Her strap penetrates me even deeper and I started crying out on every down stroke. 

"You love me fucking it, don't you?" It feels so good I just keep whining.

"Fuck me daddi. I love it so much." I swear I was telling the truth. She kept moaning moved faster and faster as I continued to beg her. "Oh my G-d daddi, don't stop. Talk to me." 

All I could do was whimper while she kept whispering dirty things into my ear. "Oh my G-d babi, you feel so good on my strap. You gonna bust all over it, huh babi?" She bought both her hands up, pinching my nipples between her fingers. "Cum all over me babi. Ride my strap and lose it on me. Let me feel that sweet pussy gush and squeeze my dick. Cum for me babi." I'm gasping for air. I whisper daddi over and over and over as I get closer to the edge. 

I've never cum so hard in my entire life. My pussy clamped down on her dick as I slammed myself down onto it. She bit int omy shoulder to muffle her screams and slapped her hand over my mouth to smother out my high pitch cries. I bit her hand as she jerked up into me several more times before she fell backwards onto the bed, pulling me down on top of her. I could feel her chest rising and falling against my back as she struggled to catch her breath. i turn my head to the side and we kiss softly. 

"Holy shit babe, you really lost it back there." She chuckles, very smug with herself.

"You're so full of yourself."

"Cuz I'm good at what I do. I didn't hear any complaining." Moment killed.

"Shut up and go to sleep." she wraps her arm protectively around my waist and we fall asleep. G-d, I can't stand her.