 A sudden thudding of the stairs outside my room and a rush of air as the door was flung open caused us to be dragged out of our stupor.

"Let the drinking begin!" Rachel announced as she barrelled into the room, a litre bottle of Malibu in hand and a glassy eyed gaze not the only clues to suggest she'd already started. Luckily for us she was just about past the point of judging the atmosphere of a room - Sophie and I were still close enough to feel each other's nipples against each other, after sharing a moment of unusual intimacy to say the least. Our blank faces quickly replaced with sheepish embarrassment were lost on Rachel, as we crashed back down to reality after the heady, lustful atmosphere that Sophie and I had just experienced.

"Er... Sorry?" Was all I could muster as I felt my face flush involuntarily as it always does in these sorts of situations - an unfortunate habit which contributed to people generally viewing me as an innocent character, although the desire driven girl of just a moment ago suggested the opposite.

"Pre-drinks!? Drinking games!" Slurred Rach as my mind came back to me and I registered that the usual lot must have arrived and been playing drinking games downstairs while Sophie and I were lost in our own world.

Rach had lived with me and Sophie in our first year of university, the three of us had become good friends and Rach's amiable liveliness was in full force right now as she grinned at us, excited for a rare night out with us all together. I'm not much of a drinker and so don't often tag along with the frequent nights out of the other two girls, which made them both all the more excited when I did fancy it. 

"Come down and join in already, you're falling behind!" Rach was obviously getting well stuck in with the games as usual and wanting us to join her in the carefree, jolly state she'd drunk herself into, 

"Not a bad idea" I thought as she bound out of the room with Sophie close behind. 

I followed and began to think about what Sophie had just proposed to me; 'I want to have sex with you and George,' my heart beat out of my chest as I remembered the feeling of her breath on my neck and the sheer level of sexual desire she had worked up in me, and in such a short time. I could still feel how wet I'd become, but I was also confused; I didn't know whether to feel embarrassed about the effect she had clearly had on me (I had no illusions about how badly I had hid my eagerness) or been flattered about Sophie's secret fantasy. She must find me attractive, which was somehow more flattering coming from another woman. 

As I thought more, the gravity of the situation began to dawn on me, had I really just agreed to a threesome with my best friend and my boyfriend? It began to sound more and more ridiculous as I thought about it, and I began to doubt my interpretation of the moment we had just shared. Had she been caught up in the moment and said it by accident? Had I been caught up in the moment and got the wrong end of the stick? Was I even sure Sophie was flirting with me or had I imagined that in the period of single minded longing she had reduced me to? 

I was shaken from my thoughts as I found myself walking into the living room, a wall of music and smell of alcohol hitting me. I had thoroughly confused myself, and came back to the real world once again when Rachel began putting a drunk in my hand, still with a big grin plastered on her face.

"Drink up little one!" she slurred.

I felt a smile spread across my face as her mood radiated off her and decided this wasn't the time to be thinking hard, I gulped down the vodka and coke, noticing how strong she had mixed it, a 'subtle' attempt at getting me drunk and loosened up. Not that I minded, I was thoroughly in the mood for a drinking game now.

I looked around our small lounge to get my bearings back as Rach walked away, the room was a mess with empty bottles everywhere and the table dragged out into the middle of the room with everyone gathered round, absorbed in the drinking game, a wide bowl full of a dubious looking cocktail in the middle. All my housemates were playing along and a couple more friends, there was a bit of a gender imbalance with 5 guys and only 3 girls, shown by the rowdy cheer that went up as Joe bounced a coin into the bowl in the middle and pointed at Rachel. She made a big show of jokingly complaining that didn't last long, which made me think she'd probably been nominated to drink by most who had managed to bounce the coin into the bowl and that she was actually quite enjoying it. She threw her head back, pouring the contents of the bowl into her mouth as the game chant began, challenging her to finish before the chant was over. She finished gulping down the last of what was a pretty large amount of alcohol, pouring some of her own Malibu back in the bowl before slamming it back down in the middle of table, triumphant, as the cheering began again. 

I joined the throng, eager to kick back and have some fun, although I still didn't know what game they were playing so I took a place in the circle on the opposite side of the current go to give me some time to figure out the rules. I saw Sophie was positioned almost opposite me, and I once again wondered what had happened earlier. She seemed absorbed in the game and oblivious to my gaze and I took a few more big swigs of my drink, taking my mind off it and beginning to relax more as the effects of the alcohol set in. Jake was up next and poured some of his beer into the bowl, picking up the coin and getting ready for his shot. He lined himself up and bounced the coin off the table but missed the bowl. It soon got round to Sophie's go and as she began, another big roar went up from the considerably more drunk players around us. Sophie looked as confused as I did as everyone began signalling for her to drink.

"What?! Why?" She shouted with half mock indignation and half genuine confusion.

"Can't tell you that, you're supposed to figure out the rules yourself!" Piped in her boyfriend, Ben. "The rules are you can't tell anyone the rules, you have to learn by playing, which unlucky for you most of us already have!"

"Oh dear," I thought, realising the game wasn't as simple as I first thought. I hadn't noticed Sophie do anything different to Rach or Jake, but I guess that was the point in the game, there were little things you had to pick up on to avoid doing, otherwise you'd end up drinking a lot. 

Sophie picked up the bowl, lucky to have only had a few contribute to the drink, she finished off the bowl with ease, only to put it back down and have another cheer go up with shouts of:

"Finish your drink!" 

I thought back to Rach pouring some of her drink in the bowl before slamming it down, splashing it everywhere and thinking it odd to do it in that order. I grinned as I cottoned on to the fact it was most likely this action that avoided another testosterone fuelled demand of the downing of another full drink immediately after the bowl, though by the look on Sophie's face she had clearly missed this.

"Again?!" She moaned, "but what did I do wrong?"

"Figure it out yourself, and while you're at it finish off your drink!" Ben teased as Sophie looked at her nearly full cup of coke, with what I imagined was a large amount of vodka in, compliments of Rachel.

With the merciless shouts from the guys to down it, Sophie quickly chugged the full cup, struggling more than with the bowl. I noticed the eyes of more than a few guys drop to her boobs as her arms lifted up into the air, accentuating them in her low cut, tightly fitted top. She finished it off to another big cheer as I saw her eyes shift in and out of focus, already showing signs of her rapidly reducing inhibitions.

The next few goes went smoothly, much to my dismay, as I was trying to figure out some more outlawed actions to avoid having to drink the growing cocktail of spirits, beers and ciders. My go came around quickly and I was careful to follow the routine of previous goes as closely as I could, looking at the daunting bowl of drink with growing apprehension. It would surely be enough to get me drunk for most of the night and I was unsure if I could stomach the whole thing in one go.

I poured some of my own drink in the bowl first, having noticed this being done first by everyone else. No roar of 'down it!' having gone up yet; so far so good! I could feel the anticipation of the table, everyone aware I had not played before and waiting with wolfish grins to pick me up on a mistake causing me to neck the concoction in the middle. Realising this, I wondered if perhaps a few people had been a little more than generous when adding to the bowl in the knowledge of my go coming up. I glanced up and finally caught Sophie's eye, who immediately averted her gaze, her cheeks colouring red slightly and an embarrassed smile playing at her lips. I felt a moment of relief, taking heart in the fact that this surely meant that she did get caught up in the moment earlier, finding herself turned on while running her fingers over my body. Whether to the verge of losing control like me or not didn't matter much, as long as I hadn't imagined it. 

I felt a new found confidence in myself as the idea of Sophie finding me genuinely attractive invigorated me and I reached to take the coin from Ben. The moment I pulled the coin from his grip the roar went up and I gasped, instantly remembering a rule that had gone over my head previously. 

"How could I have missed that!" I thought to myself. "The coin was always picked up from the table, never from the previous players hand!" 

I made a whimpering sound as I looked at the bowl in the middle, now seeming even more full as I contemplated downing the whole lot. The familiar chant began from the guys and I grabbed the bowl, worried about taking too long and have them pressure me into drinking even more. 

I remembered the way the guys had all stared at Sophie's boobs as she downed her drink, thinking to myself how they were all obviously enjoying getting the three of us drunk. They outnumbered us and were having fun pressuring us into doing what they wanted, but, despite myself, I found myself enjoying the attention.

I tilted my head back and brought the full bowl to my lips, pouring it down my throat. I pushed my chest out without thinking, enjoying the feeling of my Wonderbra pushing my D cup boobs up as I stretched against it. I was confident my cleavage was looking good, and that it wouldn't be wasted on the eyes of so many drunk guys watching. 

"Let them have a little eye candy to show them what they can't have," I thought. 

I felt a rush of carelessness flow through me and, entirely down to the amount I'd drunk, decided to use my situation to my advantage and 'accidentally' spilt some of the drink down my front, knowing no one would be complaining that I wasn't actually drinking the whole thing. I let some more miss my mouth and fall onto my chest, feeling the thin material become saturated and knowing it was probably mostly see through at this point, showing off my sexy red bra and clinging to my cleavage. I would never dream of causing such a show of my body under normal circumstances, but alcohol had always stripped back the side of me that would hold back, leaving only confidence and a much heightened sexuality. 

After swallowing the last of what seemed like a huge amount of liquid, I put the bowl back down in the middle of the table and remembered too late the rule of pouring your own drink in before putting it down. I glanced up at the faces round the table, expecting another cheer to go up for me to finish my drink but mostly saw glazed eyes, particularly at the opposite side of the table where they had experienced a full view of my boobs while I bent over putting the bowl back in the middle. I glanced down at myself as the guys began to recompose themselves, not realising how obvious their stares had been. I was taken by surprise at how good even I thought my boobs looked, the falling drink not only completely soaking my top and making it next to useless at covering anything up, but also pushing it down so that most of my bra was showing; allowing a perfect view of my glisteningly wet boobs being pushed up into a sumptuous cleavage. 

I'd been telling myself it was just an easy way of getting out of drinking myself into the floor at the start of the night, but it was possible, from the look of my hard nipples clearly visible straight through my bra, that I had actually enjoyed performing in the spontaneous wet T-shirt contest. 

I knew I should probably concentrate on picking up the rest of the rules before I began to get too drunk, but my focus was slipping and my mind wandering once more to the moment with Sophie in my room, the feeling of her fingers running up my thigh and her eyes as she looked up, reflecting the desire that I felt myself. I felt no guilt this time, just a flood of desire leaving me feeling sexy and confident. 

I looked up at Sophie, knowing that I did want to take her up on her impulsive offer of a threesome as I admired her figure. I knew she would be feeling bashful and self-conscious about the reality of what she had asked me in the heat of the moment from her subtle, evasive behaviour - I knew her well. The conflict between her good girl character and her deepest desires was still ongoing while mine had abated sometime during downing the huge bowl of alcohol, the decision much easier for me as I knew George would be more than in favour of any girl on girl action I could get myself into, particularly if he was present to watch it, or better still, participate. I knew I wanted this to happen, yes I was drunk but it didn't change my mind, it just sped up the decision making. I planned to act on my desires. Tonight. and I was confident I would get exactly what I wanted... 

I don't know how much longer we played the drinking game for, the effects of downing the bowl, and more after, soon caught up with me. Sophie was forced to down a bowlful similar to mine on her 2nd go after still not having noticed the pick-the-coin-off-the-table rule. Although in our bleary-eyed, half coherent state the situation that had caused some awkwardness between us had obviously slipped from the forefront of our minds, and we worked together for the rest of the game, blurting out rules to remember as best we could when the other was taking their go. We enjoyed getting the better of the guys with our drunken camaraderie and managed to avoid drinking too much more, opting out the game before we made too many mistakes. Some of the guys moaned in disappointment at losing two-thirds of the game's girl population. I announced we had to carry on getting ready for going out after spilling so much drink all over outfits, wanting to spend some time away from the noise in Sophie's company. Rachel was still enjoying the competition of the drinking game with the guys and barely registered us slipping off together. 

We started up the stairs, slipping our arms around each other's waists to help balance each other up the stairs, although I was mainly enjoying the warm contact of our bodies. We reached the top of the stairs and stumbled into my room, giggling together about the difficulty we were having staying upright. The door swung shut and the volume of the music and shouting dyed out behind us as we staggered over to the bed and fell onto it together. My ears were ringing, my head was spinning and my mind remained more or less blank, with not enough concentration to construct any useful thoughts. 

"Your boobs looked amazing when you downed that bowl!" Sophie said, sitting up and tripping over her words as they flowed out of her mouth. "They've got huge in the last few months!"

I giggled at the compliment, thinking back to the mood that had led me to pour my drink over my cleavage to get the guys a little more revved up. Dimly aware of the admission Sophie had been noticing my boobs recently. 

"They have been getting bigger!" I preened, proud of their sudden growth into something to be proud of. She turned to look at me, laid on my back, as I continued, "I think the drink spilling was appreciated anyway" I said, winking at her as her face turned into an excited gasp.

"You did that on purpose?! I could practically hear their dicks hitting the table when your top fell down!" 

I burst out into a huge laugh, surprised at Sophie's frankness and unusually crude language. 

"I'm not kidding! You definitely got Ben hard, I could see it in his face!"

I laughed harder, knowing I was on safe ground about getting her boyfriend hard by the look of astonishment on her face at the discovery I had been showing off my boobs on purpose and the unusual directness she was talking to me with.

"And you left him to stew, not even taking him off to one side for a bit of quick relief?" I teased, enjoying the openness of our conversation.

"Well I could hardly match that show could I, he'd be thinking about your boobs the whole time!" She replied, slightly exasperated.

"You should get a push-up bra then, you'd get him started if you wore one" I gestured at her chest, offering a compliment in return.

"It'd probably get him finished too!" She laughed, "you're wearing a push up bra?" She asked, clearly intrigued.

"What's that supposed to mean?" I giggled, realising she was indulging details of her sex life to me. "And of course I am! No girl can get cleavage like that without one."

"He never lasts quite as long as I'd like" She replied, standing up and cupping her breasts, pushing them together and leaning over in front of me, "what do you think?"

I propped myself up on my elbows and drank in the sight of her with her hands pressing her boobs together, I slid my hands underneath hers and pushed her boobs up even more without a second thought, surprising myself in my forwardness, while showing her the ridiculous amount of cleavage her sizeable boobs could actually get. She stood up more, keeping hold of her cleavage and getting a better look at herself as I stood up with her.

"Oh wow yeah, that looks pretty good!" She modestly under-exaggerated, as I began to drift off staring at the plunge of her boobs. "Do you have another I could try?" She said as she began to push each breast up in turn, seemingly unaware my hands were still underneath, effectively causing me to rub them. I was instantly reminded me of George playing with mine, giving me a rare insight into his fascination as I enjoyed the feel of Sophie's breasts in my hands.

"Er...Yeah I do...Have a erm...Have a smaller one somewhere" I stammered as I continued staring at her boobs, lost in the creamy, smooth cleavage I was holding up. I pulled myself out of my reverie and pulled my hands from her chest as I began to look for my other push-up bra. "What did you say about Ben not lasting long just now?" I said after a short silence, trying to get my head back to normality.

"Oh yeah, don't get me wrong it does feel good and I enjoy having sex with him, it's just over quite quickly." She replied distractedly.

"Found it!" I said as I pulled the white lacy bra out from underneath some clothes, handing it to her. "Like how long? George can't control himself too sometimes if we haven't seen each other for a while, he'll always get me pretty close with his fingers or tongue first though if that's the case." I grinned at her, knowingly. She took the bra from me but didn't seem to share in my cheeky mood, looking slightly confused, "I'd take longer than him normally, so he'll spend some time on me before we have sex so we can come together." I spelled out.

"Oh wow, you have orgasms when you have sex?" She asked, proceeding to pull her top off and unhook her bra, dropping it to the floor and revealing her bare breasts. 

