 I have to admit that I was less-than-thrilled over her "Valley Girl" voice. She was eager, overly excited, and that bordered on annoying, but I stopped myself from thinking those negative thoughts. I thought of the days just a few years ago, when I was a young, eager college girl looking to learn anything I could about being an elementary school teacher. Now I was "Ms. Laura Redd", third grade teacher and I had been assigned a student teacher from Northern U. named Michelle. 

Michelle called me over holiday break to arrange a meeting. She asked to meet at school and immediately I had to laugh inside, saying to myself "school is closed you idiot" but I think it was a rather innocent mistake. Perhaps she was a bit nervous or she believed teachers never left their classrooms. Instead, she suggested a coffee shop just down the road and I was now on my way to meet her there. 

I pulled into the parking lot and immediately noticed that the coffee shop was quite crowded this time of day, a sure sign that holiday break was still in full swing as college and high school students stirred throughout the shop with their lattes and mochas. 

Upon opening the door, I saw a pair of college-aged girls gather their things and head for the exit, vacating two plush brown leather chairs at a perfect time. I set my purse and standard-issue teacher tote in one chair and planted myself in the other. The chair was so comfortable; I sank into it. The angle of the seat went towards the floor so my knees were just a little bit higher than my waist. I could see the knees of my jeans and I crossed my legs, exposing the upper portion of my black boots and heels. I decided to wait for Michelle before ordering a drink. 

Across the coffee shop, I observed a mish-mash of young adult behavior and remembered why I pursued the younger ones versus teaching high school or college. The majority of patrons were young women. My eyes were naturally drawn to two younger women seated just to the right of my straight-ahead glare. One girl was a little bit heavyset with short, dyed-red hair. She wore a strange purple dress with gray tights and absurd black boots that had a fluffy ball dangling off each. I was quite taken by the girl she was sitting with for she was a spitting image of my best friend from high school, Jill. She had nicely done brown hair that reached shoulder length, very full lips and breasts, and a shapely figure. She was dressed nearly the same as me, with jeans and black, high-heeled boots. The only difference was that her tight button-up shirt was white, while mine was a plum color. I could see from that distance that she wore only a white bra beneath her white shirt. 

The two girls were perched upon high stools and seemed mired deep in conversation. They looked at each other deeply, as if they were consciously pushing to listen even more than possible. The girl in the purple dress suddenly, but slowly, placed her hand on the other's knee. It had not occurred to me until then that those longing stares and deep listening could have been more than two best friends sharing a deep, profound secret. I saw that hand move a little bit more and it approached the inner thigh, out of my line of vision.

"Ms. Redd?"

A voice shattered my stare and I turned to my left to see a skirt right in front of me at eye level. 

"Hi, I didn't mean to startle you. I'm Michelle." 

I followed the voice to a face that was a bit olive-toned, featuring brown eyes, garnished with brown, wavy hair, and very full lips. I came to my feet, introduced myself, and offered to buy her a drink. 

She sat her things down on the other chair -- a black purse, large tote bag, two textbooks, and a leather portfolio -- and approached the counter alongside me. Were we having a study session? She came ready for one, but I had no intentions of that. I was still on break. 

I stood in line, keeping our spot, and Michelle stepped over to the case containing all of the muffins and cookies. It was my first chance to get a good look at her up and down. She came over dressed, wearing a tight, black, turtle-necked herringbone sweater and a charcoal gray skirt that did not fall much further past her knees. She wore black pantyhose that glimmered in the track lights of the café with platform, black, patent-leather shoes that snapped each time stepped. She was attractive -- no question about that.

We received our drinks from the far edge of the counter and arrived back at the big brown chairs. A table separated the chairs, but they were angled in such a way where our feet were nearly touching and probably would on occasion by sheer accident. Michelle settled in her chair just as I did but her descent was much more adventurous in that skirt. Sitting to her right, I watched her cross her right leg over atop her left. The charcoal gray skirt slid more than halfway up her thigh.

She started asking me lots of questions about my personal life, not just being a teacher. I appreciated her candor. I told her about my boyfriend, my dog, my condo, and my family and she reciprocated, though she did not have a boyfriend. 

"You don't have a boyfriend?!?" I said rather playfully, somewhat surprising myself. 

She blushed and shook her head. "No, just haven't found the right one". 

"You will," I reassured her. "With those gams, I don't know how you haven't already."

Gams? Why did I use the word "gams"? That is such a creepy old man word. Michelle stared at me puzzled.

"What are gams?" 

"Legs," I said quickly. "I have no idea why the hell I used that word." We shared a good laugh. 

Michelle angled herself by slightly lifting her butt and extended her right leg by lifting her foot, allowing the light to shimmer across her pantyhose, showing off her legs. 

"They are my best assets," she said with a sly smile followed by a giggle.

I felt a wave of heat trickle from just above my brow, through my chest, and down to my unmentionables. It reddened my face. What is this? I refocused and began to explain to Michelle her role in the classroom. 

She stared at me attentively in almost an uncomfortable way. I felt very much admired, as if my words were really being taken to heart. She jotted down some notes along the way as I continued my talk. I paused. 

"So what do you think?" I asked her.

Michelle paused and began speaking again. As she continued, I listened but my eyes began to wonder. I scanned her chest -- her breasts were very nice, but not as large as mine were at 36D. I glanced back at her to make eye contact but immediately returned to her skirt and then her legs. She had amazing legs. The way those pantyhose wrapped them was as glamorous and sensual as anything I had ever seen. My boyfriend would drool. He had a very bad pantyhose fetish that I exploited as much as I could. Was I becoming him? Is the fetish contagious? I followed legs down to her black high heels and watched her foot move nervously as she spoke. 

"What?"

For the second time that day, my attention was snapped. Michelle half smiled and looked at me, then at her legs, and then back at me again. 

"Do I have a run in my nylons?"

Now warm and instantly a deep, blushing red, I stammered for a response. 

"Oh...no...no," I said. "I was just admiring your shoes. They are very cute." 

Just then, the two girls at the bar stools that I was observing before Michelle arrived stood up and headed for the door. They were holding hands. 

"Close friends, huh?" said Michelle. 

"Yeah, I guess so" I said, half poking fun, half enamored. As they exited into the cold air, their hands split and they went to opposite sides of a blue sedan, with the girl in the purple dress hopping in the driver's seat and her friend into the passenger's side. I turned my attention back to Michelle and attempted to continue a professional conversation. Michelle continued looking out the window.

"Whoa."

Michelle's word prompted me to look back out the window to the blue sedan. Through the windshield, I saw the two girls locked in a deep kiss, their tongues obviously swirling in each other's mouths. I had seen a couple girls doing it in some pornos and I even kissed a girl on a dare in college, but they did nothing for me -- until now. That rush that I felt when Michelle showed me her legs came over me again, this time deepening the red blush now affixed to my face and dampening my panties. 

"I guess they are more than friends," I said, still staring out the window. 

"Yeah," I heard Michelle say. 

As I turned to look at her, she had her mouth hung open and eyes wide, staring at the two women embroiled in a passionate kiss. Her legs had uncrossed and she pressed her knees together and adjusted her hips side to side. She was squirming. I was dripping. 

Our eyes met and the moment hung very briefly. We both started laughing to break the awkward silence of the sexually intense moment. 

"Wow, I guess if you are around long enough, you see it all, huh?" I said, rather sheepishly. 

"Yeah, I suppose so," Michelle said calmly. "Nothing I've never seen before though."

"Oh yeah, me too," I said. "If you spend enough time in college or a college town, you eventually run into something like that." 

Michelle paused. 

"I've seen it very up close and personal," she said. "My roommate and best friend is bi." 

Instantly intrigued, I turned more directly towards Michelle in my chair and rested my elbow on the arm of the chair so my chin could sit in the palm of my opened hand. 

"Really?"

"Yeah, her name is Meredith. I've caught her a few times with guys and girls," Michelle said.

"You mean at the same time?" I responded.

"No! You goof!" she said, as she playfully pushed my shoulder, the first time we had touched beyond the handshake. It, too, shook me to the core. What did this girl have? 

Our conversation shifted back to school and the plan of action for the weeks ahead. We had another week left of holiday break and then Michelle would be reporting to my classroom for the first Monday back. She was asking questions and taking notes.

"So, what about work attire? Is this appropriate?" she said.

The dirty Rolodex in my mind spun a thousand times, but all I could mutter was "Yes. Very." 

"What about the skirt? Too short?" 

"I don't have any problem with it." 

"Ms. Redd, the way you were looking at my legs earlier, I thought you were thinking 'what a slut!'" 

If she only knew what I was thinking, we all would know the true slut here. 

"No, I wasn't judging -- just admiring," I said. "Can't a girl do that to another girl?" 

"Sure, go ask them," she said, pointing to the blue sedan with perfect comedic timing. We both laughed. 

There was a pause and I gave my watch the "I need to get going" glance. Before I could say it, Michelle piped up.

"Hey, tomorrow night, we are having girls' night out -- me, my roommate, and a couple of her friends," she said. "Margaritas and chit-chat -- why don't you come along?"

I pondered the thoughts: her long legs, her bisexual roommate, and her most likely bisexual friends -- it was a sexual potluck and I was invited. The serious side of me was saying "no" -- the side that was rather reserved. However, the side that kept sending quakes of arousal through me ultimately won.

"Sure, I would love to." 

To be continued...