 Graduation

I woke with a thumbing headache, after the celebration party we had to mark our graduation from nursing school. I looked under the sheet and saw that I was wearing only my panties. I then heard 'Thump thump thump'. I knew the sound. Every morning Jessica would get up and go for a run, and I would get up, put on my robe, and go downstairs and make myself a coffee. But, being my lazy self, I would sleep in well after sunrise and sip my coffee by myself waiting for her to return.

"Hi" said Jessica as she bounced through the door, still perspiring from the jog.

"Morning.' I replied, a small smile playing along my lips.

Jessica reached for the towel at her waist and wiped her forehead. "I'm just going to jump into the shower...you're welcome to join me" she said with a wink, and ran upstairs giggling.

I watched my friend as she disappeared from view, laughing silently to herself. 'She still amazes me! Not once has she forgotten to ask me if I wanted to join her, not once!' Well she had another thing coming for her today, I thought as I slowly rose from the chair, making my decent up the stairs to the bathroom where Jessica showered. I could hear the running water and Jessica singing softly to her through the door. I opened the door silently and crept into the huge bathroom. A steamy haven filled the room and I slipped out of my robe and opened the shower door.

"Holy shit! Oh, fucking oath woman, I dare you to scare me even more." Jessica cried. She giggled, a girlish noise making me smile, pleased with my self that I successfully scared the shit out of her. 

"Oh don't you want me here anymore? Fine I'll just go on my way..." I trailed off mockingly.

"No! Wait!" Jessica said as she grabbed my arm, "of course I want you to stay babe, I've been wanting you to join me". She lent forward and kissed me, making love to my lips, She felt me shiver and smiled in the kiss. I kissed her back passionately, forcefully. She moved her way down my neck, each kiss lingering until she found the crevice just above my breasts. She could hear my breathing increase as she worked her way down, her hands went to work on my tits, squeezing and pinching my stiff nipples. Her mouth found a nipple and flicked her tongue over it making me gasp.

"Shit woman!" she grabbed Jessica's head and pulled her face up to hers where she kissed her roughly, their tongues playing.

Jessica broke the kiss and turned me around so I was standing behind her. She slowly made her way down my neck and back kissing playfully and sending tingles down my spine. She reached her hands around and started pinching my nipples. I grabbed Jessica's hands and started rubbing them into my breasts. "Mmmmmm fuck I'm hot right now." 

"You're not the only one", Jessica replied and with that she turned me back around again kissing me. She started to make her way down my tummy to my navel. She tickled the area with her tongue, making me giggle, "Stop it!" I gasped. 

Jessica slipped her tongue down further in between my thighs where she started kissing and tonguing the very edges of my cunt. She grabbed my arse and pulled my body towards her face. She slipped her tongue into my slit playfully, and then pulled it back out again. "Fuck!" I gasped; her face was a mask of pleasure.

Her tongue returned to my slit as she licked up all of my juices, sliding her tongue up and down. She pushed her tongue inside me, and I grabbed her head, pulling her hair. My knees were beginning to buckle; Jessica laid me down on the shower floor and went back to work. The hot water sprayed onto us, making us even hotter. Jessica slid a finger inside my wet cunt and started pumping it in and out. 

She slipped a second finger in and started pumping harder, as she did, her tongue found my clit and licked it, sucking it up into her mouth, I moaned. She sucked my clit into her mouth hard, never letting go. She kept pumping her fingers in and out of my cunt, rubbing against that spot so many men forget. 

Jessica held onto my clit and felt the inner walls of my pussy begin to tighten around her fingers. She sucked hard and bit my clit ever so slightly.

"Fuck me! Don't stop," I moaned as an intense orgasm waved over me. Jessica never stopped sucking on my clit until the orgasm passed. I shook and groaned until the final wave passed, and then pulled Jessica up and I kissed her hard pulling her hair as I did.

"Lets move this into the bedroom shall we?" Jessica suggested as she broke the kiss. And with a smile we got up and made our way to my bedroom.

I stopped at the edge of the bed and, still standing, Jessica and I kissed. I pushed Jessica roughly onto the bed then straddled her. Grabbing Jessica's hands I held them above her head and kissed her hard, biting her lip. We kissed and bit each other playfully for a few minutes until I broke the kiss. I flicked my tongue over Jessica's neck and began to suck and bite her neck. 

"Mmmmmm" Jessica moaned, as she grabbed my head and pushed my mouth further into her neck. Her breathing patterns changed as she went from slow deep breathes, to whispery rasping, to a high pitched quivering gasp. "Uh!" she moaned breathlessly, as I teased her neck more. She clutched a handful of my hair and pulled my face up to hers where she kissed me with a fiery passion full of barely audible gasps and frantic breathes. 

My hand made its way down to Jessica's right breast and I pinched a nipple, softly at first then hard, causing Jessica to gasp and hiss. I smiled to myself and pinched it again. Then I lent my head down and enclosed Jessica's nipple in my mouth. 

Jessica took a sharp intake of breath as I began silently sucking on her sensitive tits. She started running her fingers through my hair lovingly and rolled my head back moaning softly. 

I continued to suck on Jessica's nipple then without warning bit down hard.

Jessica grabbed my hair and pulled hard as she felt my teeth grinding into her nipple. She loved this feeling she couldn't deny that, both the pain and pleasure mixed together on her nipples drove her wild.

I released Jessica's nipple and gave it a quick suck before kissing Jessica's mouth again. I then slowly began to lick, teased and tickled Jessica's chest with my tongue. My hands explored the naked body below me, and I tiptoed my fingers over Jessica's tummy towards her back until Jessica retracted with a gasp. 

I heard her giggle lightly, girlishly, and went back to work. I continued teasing and caressing Jessica's body all the way to the edges of her breasts where Jessica moaned loudly and squirmed with pleasure beneath my touch. 

I moved my hands downwards towards the centre point of Jessica's pleasure and began to slide my fingers up and down Jessica's soaking slit. 

Jessica began to quiver and her breathing came in great erratic rasps.

My fingers continued to slid up and down her slit and I slipped a single finger inside and started to thrust rhythmically she wriggled herself downwards and let my tongue slip over Jessica's clit.

" Mmmmmm, Fuck Me" Jessica moaned, as I slipped another two fingers deep inside her. "Uh uh Uh!" she gasped as I slipped a forth finger in and started thrusting hard into her. She rocked her body back and forth meeting every thrust with equal force to that of my own.

Jessica's breathing began to quiver as she gasped and moaned uncontrollably. I slipped a finger into her mouth to quieten her but she bit it and kept moaning. I bent my head to Jessica's face and began to kiss her forcefully and I pulled my fingers out of Jessica suddenly, much to Jessica's obviously disgust, I heard a whimper escape her lips. 

She grabbed Jessica's hands and held them above her head, and then she replaced her fingers with her knee and began to rub it against Jessica's wet cunt. She released Jessica's hands. "Don't mover them!" she warned with a powerful grind against Jessica's clit with her knee. And she then made her way down back to Jessica's tits. 

She kissed them lightly and massaged them between her fingers then she gripped Jessica's nipples tightly and squeezed.

"Oh fuck me yes!!" Jessica cried. 

She humped herself upwards into me. I bent down and bit Jessica's nipple driving her wild. She shook uncontrollably beneath the touch moaning all the while. My fingers silently crept down to Jessica's cunt where I thrust all four fingers into her violently. Driving Jessica even wilder than what she already was, she screamed quietly. 

"Oh fuck me yes!! Uh uh...Mmmmmm!" Jessica gasped. "Mmmmmm, I'm c-cumming!" She cried. Her whole body tensed with the intensity of the orgasm that hit her and she shook uncontrollably. The final wave died down slowly putting her into a drowsy state.

After collapsing onto Jessica after her little episode, I awoke to a pleasant feeling. I moaned sleepily and looked down to find Jessica greedily eating out my wet cunt. I felt two fingers slip inside me and moaned, louder this time. I hissed under my breath as Jessica's tongue found my clit and began to rub and massage her own nipples.

Jessica plunged a third finger inside me and began to flick her tongue persistently over my clit. I began to shake slightly under the touch and began to run my fingers through Jessica's hair. I got closer and closer to a climax. Then Jessica sat up and pulled her fingers out.

"Good evening, hehehe." She giggled. She lent down and kissed me. Just a soft kiss at first, then a deeper more fervent kiss. She wrapped her arms around her lover in an affectionate embrace and kissed her deeply again. We continued kissing playfully, our tongues duelling lovingly and teeth playfully biting each other's lip. Jessica broke the kiss first and continued to kiss her way down my neck where she sucked slightly on my flesh. As she was doing this I whispered, her hands went down my tummy around to my sides and tickled me.

"Hehe don't!" I breathed, as I pushed Jessica's hands from my sides. I began to kiss and bite Jessica's neck heightening my pleasure and causing her to growl softly in her throat.

Completely giving into the sensation Jessica relaxed her body on me and playfully toyed with my hair. She felt her way down my body to my cunt where she rubbed it up and down of my slit before finding the nub of my clit and rubbing it hard.

The electricity of the touch shot through my body and as my breathing increased, I sucked harder on Jessica's neck. This in turn provoked Jessica into driving two of her wet fingers into my hot cunt where she started eagerly pumping her fingers in and out. 

Finally releasing Jessica's neck, I came up and started kissing Jessica forcefully trying to get more and more of this feeling inside of my. She rocked my body and grabbed Jessica's head putting more force on the kiss. I broke the kiss suddenly and moaned "Mmmmmm" rolling my head back. She continued to hump my body into Jessica's hand and, without hesitation, slipped two of her own fingers under Jessica's abdomen and started furiously finger fucking Jessica's soaking cunt.

Jessica moaned loudly and lent down and kissed me, a moan quivering in my throat. Suddenly I was on top, straddling Jessica, my fingers still pumping and Jessica's still in mine. I arched my body back and gasped rocking myself back and forth over Jessica's hand. Another moan escaped my lips as Jessica's other hand began to rub and pull on her stiff nipples. 

Jessica sat there watching me rock myself back and forth on her hand and wanted her, I wanted to taste the sweetness of her cunt as I felt the heat of her insides on my fingers. In one swift movement Jessica removed her hands from my cunt, slid her body under mine further and manoeuvred herself so that I was straddling her face. She began to flick her tongue along my slit and, loving the sweet taste, started eating me in earnestly. 

I started to move my body rhythmically over Jessica's face. " Hang on a tic woman! I want some of you too!" and with that she sat up and turned herself around so that she could lean down and lick Jessica out as I was being eaten out, creating an almost perfect '69' position. 

Jessica growled and moaned loudly into my cunt as she felt my mouth make contact with hers, creating vibrations that only made me eat her more with more earnest. We continued like this for several minutes, moaning into each others soaking cunts until Jessica slipped two fingers into my pussy and placed her thumb firmly on my clit.

My head shot up and she gasped loudly, which was followed by a loud moan then I started rocking my body harder on Jessica's face. I continued to hump Jessica's face harder and harder then I slipped all four of my fingers deep inside Jessica's love tunnel and started viciously fucking Jessica with my hand. Jessica's whole body jolted at the touch and I felt her moan into my cunt. We both began to shake and quiver violently under each other's touch until I felt the onset of an orgasm hit me.

"O Fuck Yes!" I cried as wave after wave of earth shattering pleasure jolted through pelvis. As my orgasm hit me, I began to pump my fingers harder and faster into Jessica, driving her over the edge, I felt her orgasm on my fingers and lent my head down and flicked my tongue over Jessica's now very sensitive clit. 

"Ah Fuck!" Jessica screamed, as the intensity of the orgasm increased. She humped her body upwards into my eager mouth and collapsed still shaking under me. 

As we relaxed, I shakily rolled off Jessica and came back up to lie on top of her. I looked into Jessica's eyes and lent down to kiss her gently. As we broke our embrace, I laid my head down on Jessica's chest where I listened to the steady beat of her heart. As I drifted off to sleep in Jessica's arms, Jessica kissed my head and sighed 'I love you' into my ear before nodding off into a deep sleep herself.

The End