 My name is Jenny. I'm a 22 year old. I'll start by describing myself. I'm 5'8", 120 lbs., with blonde hair and green eyes. I measure 34C-24-34 with an athletic body; nice and firm. My breasts are huge as you can tell and my nipples are always very sensitive. I keep my pussy hair well shaved, as it makes me feel sexy. 

Jessica and I have been really good friends for a long time, since primary school; and we have grown up together, sharing each other's highs and lows. Since going to college, we decided to flat together.

We left college at 18, and we both decided to go into nursing, so we each enrolled for the next intake. Both of us were accepted in the next nurse's intake.

We had been friends for a long time, but during the last three years, the time we were flatting together, things between us had become more sexual. 

Things like walking around the house in our underwear, or sleeping together in our nighties became common. At first I wasn't sure what to think, as she smiled and touched my arm in public, as it was safe for her. 

Then one day we were in my bedroom trying to study to for our nurse's exam, but it was no good. I couldn't concentrate on the book that was open in front of me. 

Jessica was lying on my bed in front of the ranch slider, enjoying the afternoon sun and I was at my desk. Watching her bent over her book, reading so intently she didn't notice me staring... 

What would another woman taste like? I wondered. I imagined putting my hands on her soft breasts, her nipples asking to be mouthed. Am I gay? Me? I wondered! I broke out of my trance, remembering that I was still in front of Jessica and staring at her. Jessica was 5'10", with shoulder length brunette hair and similar measurements as myself. 

"Hey Jessica, how are you going?" I asked her. 

"Not that flash," she replied. 

"Do you want to break for a few minutes? The words are starting to become all blurry," I asked her. 

"Yeah, that sounds like a good idea. Do we have any have any soda left?" she asked me. 

"Yeah, Coke or ginger ale. Which do you like?" I asked her as I got up from my chair. 

"Ginger ale," she said and I bent to open the fridge. I picked out the plastic bottle and poured the rest into a mug for her. The foam crept over the side. I wiped it off with my finger, and absentmindedly sucked on it. 

I went back to my bedroom and stood over her, holding the mug. As she reached up, grabbing the mug, she let her hand slip over mine. 

I smiled nervously, my tongue moistening my lips. She let her hand linger a moment longer, enough so I was aware of her body heat and the subtle softness of her fingertips pressing into my hand. She took the mug and took a sip, keeping her eyes on my face. 

I stood there, watching her. As her tongue darted out and licked the rim, curving around the edge, I realized the rather unpleasant sensation of my heart racing, and my palms getting moist. Oh God, I was so unsure. Maybe it was just my deranged mind that was misinterpreting her actions. I didn't want to make an absolute fool of myself and lose her friendship. She held my eye and licked her lips, mimicking me. 

She stretched her arm out and put the cup down on the floor, next to the bed, then rearranged her body, so she was sitting there, on my bed, cross-legged, hands under her chin. 

"Why don't you sit on the bed? Standing there doesn't look too comfortable," Jessica said to me. 

Unthinking, I climbed up onto my own bed, and sat next to her. She kept her body angled away, then reached out again, this time to grab her book and open it back up to where she had stopped reading from the textbook, and picked up her pad and scribbled a few notes as well. 

Her hair fell forward, hiding her profile. I looked at her sitting there; at her bright hair flowing over her shoulders, revealing the pale skin at the back of her neck, and the hem of her shirt, that curved down closely over her torso. Before I could think about what I was doing, I had leaned forward and looked down at her; she then looked up at me to face me. I plucked up the courage and started kissing her deeply. 

I suddenly broke contact with her and I ran off to the lounge, and threw myself onto the sofa, trying to hide my face in a cushion. 

"Jenny, what's the matter?" she asked me and rubbed my back at the same time. 

"Nothing!" I said, speaking in the cushion. 

"Oh, come on Jenny, there must be something wrong, or you wouldn't be acting like this," she said, trying to reassure me. 

"There's one thing!" I said, lifting my head from the pillow. "But you will probably think it's nothing." 

"Tell me what's wrong?" she asked me. 

"Since we have been living together, I have been getting these sexual feelings about you!" I told her, and my cheeks were getting red. 

"I was too chicken to. What about you?" she replied. 

"Same. Now we both know, why don't we do something about it?" I said. 

Jessica looked into my red eyes. She leaned towards me, brushed back the hair from my eyes and planted an intimate kiss on my lips. "Come on baby, there's something I want to show you," she said as she grabbed my hand and led me back to my bedroom. As we entered my room, she turned to me and she kissed me. 

I started unbuttoning her shirt. My fingers were trembling, and fumbling at the buttons, trying to thread them through the holes. Finally, I removed her shirt and reached behind her back and was starting to unclasp her bra when she stopped me. She looked deeply into my green eyes, asking me if I knew what I doing. I told her that I didn't have a clue; that I had been fantasizing about kissing her and touching her for awhile now, but had been too scared to do anything about it. 

I leaned forward and pressed my lips to hers. This time, I opened my mouth a little and let the tip of my tongue lightly touch her lips. I felt Jessica react with a slight intake of air and I expected her to be grossed out and pull away. But instead, she started pressing her mouth harder on mine. So I continued to use the tip of my tongue to explore her lips. We did this for a few moments and then Jessica opened her lips ever so slightly and I felt the warm softness of her tongue come out and meet mine.

Her hand slipped quickly into my pants and into my panties. I was very wet and her finger slid effortlessly into my pussy. The immediate sense of enjoyment was overwhelming to me and I gasped. The kiss and Jessica's finger exploration of my pussy lasted for what seemed like hours. I responded to the urgency of her kiss with passion I didn't know I had within me. 

As I arched toward her exploring fingers. Then I remember Jessica saying, "This is a lot more fun if we get naked." I was not about to argue. This was way more fun than I thought it might be! 

Jessica was obviously not new to this. She continued to kiss me ever so soulfully. She licked my face and made passionate love to my ears. Her soft hot breath on my ear made me ache with desire for her. I didn't know yet how to do it, but I wanted more of her in some way. I wanted inside her skin. Then, as my passion grew, Jessica's tongue found my nipples and she sucked eagerly on them, as though she was sure there must be something in there that had to come out. As she was nibbling on my nipples, her finger found my moist pussy, and again penetrated my pussy lips, into my vagina. My hips were rising almost rhythmically to her strokes. 

Jessica knew how to make it last. I gasped as her tongue traced down from my nipples to my belly button and then into my now-sopping vagina. As she licked up and down the slit, I gasped and raised my hips even more urgently to meet her. My whole body was alive with sensations I had never felt before. I felt a rising of tension that grew stronger and stronger. I was almost numb with the sense of pressure in my body. I was about to explode. Her tongue ran up and down my slit and each time it hit my clitoris my body jumped at the strong sensation of pleasure. One finger became two as she went deeper and deeper into my slippery canal. 

I never wanted this to end. Just let Jessica suck on my pussy for the rest of my life, and I will die a happy girl, I thought. And just as I was sure my body could never feel better, I went totally rigid and shook involuntarily as the pleasure became rapture, and the rapture became explosion. I arched my back to meet her and I came. I don't mean to say I orgasmed. I went off like a bomb. It was my first orgasm and my body was screaming to me. My clit was so sensitive that I convulsed at the touch of her tongue. I gasped out loud, very loud. I was hoping that our neighbours didn't hear us. When I had convulsed my last and my body collapsed in exhaustion, Jessica took me in her arms and kissed me deeply again. I could taste my juices in her mouth. I remember so well what she said. "You'll never forget this, Sweetie. I am so glad you let me do it for you." She held me for a long time and we breathed together deeply. So this was sex, I thought. 

My life would never be the same. I was in love with Jessica - beautiful, talented and charming Jessica. I knew even then that no one would ever excite me like she could. All thoughts of guys suddenly seemed so distant. Would a man ever do for me what Jessica had just done? I suspected the answer was no. We lay there for a very long time cuddling. Jessica continued to stroke my breasts and lick on my ear. In only a short while, I was feeling the ache of need for her again. Again we made out, licking and sucking each other's tongues. Jessica was an amazing kisser. I was already spoiled for life. We tongue fucked each other's ears, whispering softly and breathing out hot, wet breathe. 

Jessica whispered sexily in my ear, "You are so hot, baby. Love me. Love me." 

This time it was my turn. Although I feared I could never do it as well as Jessica had. I mimicked everything she had done to me. As we kissed I became the aggressor. I drove my tongue deep into her mouth, still tasting my own juices there. She returned my passion. Our naked bodies locked together, a tangle of arms and legs. My hands roamed over her exquisite body.

Feeling every crevice and curve. The feel of her tight round buttocks was amazing to me. I could feel my pussy pressing hard against her bald pussy. 

The motion of our bodies ground our pussies together. Our legs intertwined. I felt like one with her. I sucked her beautiful little breasts, savouring each tight little nipple, and ran my tongue down her tummy as she had done mine. 

My first taste of her sweet pussy was like a revelation to me. The slickness of it. The sweet pungent aroma. The slightly metallic taste. Please, Lord, let this go on forever, I thought. Let me just suck this wonderful girl's pussy for the rest of my life. Never let this wonderful sensation end. Why did it take me so long to discover her? We could have done this years ago. These thoughts were all flooding my mind. I sucked her, I licked her, and I lapped at her sweet nectar as well. No pussy has ever done for me what Jessica's did that day. I literally worshiped at her alter. 

Where did all this sweet passion come from? I don't really know. I suppose I was made to love girls. It came very naturally to me from the start. Jessica and I tried everything over the next several months. We found that just rubbing our pussies together gave us great pleasure. We kissed and we fingered each other slowly and each time we were close to a climax, we would back off and then let it build up again. We learned how to come together in a mutual explosion after letting the tension build for hours. We were inseparable. We talked about sex constantly, but the talk had turned from boys to just our infatuation with each other and with other girls.