 “Britt, which one do you multiply pi to?” asked Jenn

Jenn and I were studying for our math final exam tomorrow in her living room. Finally, high school was almost over, and summer vacation would start soon. Jenn was standing, holding her notes in both hands. Her face was almost buried into the paper, searching for her answer. I was sitting on the loveseat, holding my book in my lap. 

Suddenly, the hottest guy I’ve ever seen walked into Jenn’s backyard. He was tall, had brown hair, and had muscles almost everywhere!

“Oh, my god!” I exclaimed. “Who is THAT?”

“That’s our pool cleaner, Mark” replied Jenn. “Isn’t he hot? But seriously, Britt; we need to study.”

“We’ve been at it for over an hour, now. I think its time for a break,” I said.

“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” she responded. “Last week he took his shirt off. I thought I was going to die!”

She came to sit next to me on my right, on the small loveseat. From where we were, we could see straight out her sliding glass doors, and enjoy the perfect show. I put my math book on the floor, and stared at this gorgeous man. 

“Oh, he’s so hot!” Jenn said. “If he’d want, I’d let him fuck me here right now”

“Whoa, Jenn!” I said. I couldn’t even stop staring at this guy while talking to my best friend. “You haven’t even gone all the way with any guy before, and you’d--”

Just then, he took off his shirt. His perfectly shaped body glistened in the afternoon sun. We both let out squeals in excitement. While he continued his work, we both just sat and stared.

“I am getting so horny looking at this guy, Britt” said Jenn. Trying to be secret, she slid her she started lightly rubbing the crotch of her Levi shorts. 

“Jenn, what’re you doing?” I exclaimed. “You’re gonna do that right next to me?”

“Well, why not? We both know that we do it in private. We don’t have any secrets, do we?” she reasoned. “Besides, it’s not like I’m doing it to you. I’m not a lesbian. That guy just got me so hot”

I wasn’t sure what was going on. I was getting pretty horny too, and she did have a good point. Actually, I felt like I was about to explode if I didn’t do anything right now too. 

“Yeah, you’re right” I said.

Britt unzipped her shorts, and began to rub her pussy through her satin panties. I was curious about what she was doing, and occasionally looked over. I pulled my mini skirt up to my waist, and spread my legs a little wider. I rubbed the crotch of my blue flower cotton panties, and already I was getting wet. 

Britt leaned forward, and lifted up her shirt over hear huge C-cup breasts. She wasn’t even wearing a bra. She leaned back again, and started pinching her nipple with her left hand. Following her footsteps, I took my shirt completely off. I unstrapped my black satin bra, and threw it across the room.

“Scoot over, will ya” Britt said with a smile. “You’re leaving me no room!”

We were both scrunched up together, and our legs and arms were pressed up together. I was having a hard time rubbing my clit, because my legs couldn’t get any wider. I lifted my right leg up, and put it over hers. Now both of our legs were wide open, and we both began to finger ourselves under our panties. 

“Mmmm…..” moaned Britt. For some reason, I started feeling curious about her, for the first time. Maybe it was because I was already so horny, but when she started moaning, I thought I could cum right then. Her smooth leg under mine was writing, as her hips were humping her fingers. 

Britt’s head was laid back on the couch, as she stared at Mark’s topless body. I couldn’t help stare at the hand in her panties, and at her breasts. I started to think how great it would be to just start sucking them right then. Why was I thinking that? I’m not a lesbian.

“Oh, god. I’m gonna…. I’m gonnnna… cummmm” I moaned loudly. I was about ready to have an orgasm

Just then, Mark began put on his shirt.

“Shit” Britt yelled. “I think he’s gonna leave.” Sure enough, he started to gather his equipment, and left. Neither of us even stopped masturbating. We were openly fingering ourselves, legs intertwined.

“Let’s just keep going, for a little bit” I panted. “I’m almost there”

“Mmmhhmmm,” Britt moaned again. She closed her eyes, and cocked her head back. 

I stared at her breasts, heaving back and forth as her whole body seemed to be humping her fingers. Why was I thinking this way? 

“Ohhh….” I moaned. I leaned my body a little closer to her. My head was just inches from her face. God, I wanted her. I wanted her to make me cum so badly. She kept fingering herself, and was moaning pretty loudly. 

“Jenn” I said. I didn’t even realize I had said her name, until she looked over to me. I don’t know where I got the courage, but I gave her a little kiss on the lips. Neither of us stopped masturbating. She stared at me for a couple of seconds, then kissed me back. 

This time, it was much more passionate. She put her left arm around my neck, pulled my head towards her, and french kissed me. She was breathing heavily into my mouth, as she ran her tongue over mine. Our lips were pressing together, as we panted deeply into each other’s mouths. We must have kissed each other for at least 5 minutes, as we both kept masturbating ourselves.

“God, I need to cum so badly” I whispered.

“Me too. This stays between us, right?” She replied.

I didn’t say anything. I just took the hand she was fingering herself with, and pressed it into my crotch. She instantly went underneath my panties, and began to finger me. She was slow, at first, tenderly rubbing her two fingers in and out of my dripping cunt. I just sat there, stunned at the intense feelings she was giving me. 

I reached under her panties, and began to rub her clit. It was the first time I had ever felt another’s girl’s private parts. What I was doing felt sorta wrong, but it also made me feel so horny. 

I gently dipped my index finger into her pussy. Her body gave a little shutter, and she inhaled sharply. She kissed me again, this time she was shoving her tongue down my throat! I moaned while my lips were pressed tightly against hers, and knew she was going to make me cum. 

I opened my legs a little wider, over her knee. My hips were bucking with unison to her finger, fucking my wet cunt. 

“Oh, god… I’m gonna cum soon.” I panted. She pressed her face into the side of mine, lightly licking my cheek. She ran her tongue down to my neck, and began to lightly suck. 

“Oohhh… I’m gonna cumm….. I’m cummmiiiiinnnggg!!!!” My hips were humping her hand, as she continued to finger me. I felt her huge tits pressing against my arm; her whole body was pressing into me. She breathed heavily into my ear, lightly licking around it. 

“Ohhh, god…. Mmmm…” I cooed. She removed her hand, and kissed me again. “That was so fucking hot” she told me. “I’m about to cum, soon”

I would make this easy for her. I stood up, and kneeled down in front of her open legs. 

“Britt,” she asked. “What’re you doing?”

“Just lay back.” I grabbed each side of her panties, and pulled them down her legs. She moved her hips toward the end of the couch, anticipating what was going to come. I kissed her knee, slowly licking my way down to her pussy.

God, it looked so good. Her pussy was shaved, except for on top, where there was a small strip of hair. I kissed the top of her pussy, lightly. She let out a small yelp. I ran my tongue from the bottom all the way to the top, adoring my first taste of a hot cunt. 

After licking two of my fingers, I put them into her wet pussy. Jenn closed her eyes, and slowly began bucking her hips. I ran my tongue over her clit a couple times, as I continued to pump my soaking fingers in and out of her juicy snatch. I kissed her hard clit, and sucked it into my mouth.

“Mmmmmm… ohhh, yeah” She panted. 

She grabbed her right breast, and pinched the nipple. I thought she had the loveliest breasts. I continued to finger my best friend, as I sucked and licked her clit.

“Oh, god… I’ll cum if you keep….” She gasped. 

I wrapped my left arm around her leg, as I still fingered her. She grabbed my head and pulled it into her pussy, humping my lips. 

“Oh, yeah! Oh….. I’m cummmmiiiinggg.!” She screamed. I opened my mouth widely, and took out my fingers. I licked roughly. My mouth filled with her pussy juices. She continued to hump my mouth, as I moaned into her crotch.

“Mmmm….. ohhh…” She cooed. I writhed my body up to her tits, and gently kissed each nipple. I slowly moved up her neck, and onto her face. I kissed her deeply, my tongue intertwined with hers. She grabbed the back of my head, and pressed my face into hers, as she kissed me.

We just lay there like that for a while. It felt so good to just be in her arms. I loved her so much, and I didn’t want this ever to end.

THE END