 Carly sat down in the corner of the large auditorium; it was already full. Glancing quickly to the stage she saw she had a couple of minutes before the guest speaker would be introduced. The anthropology professor was still droning on about the speaker’s education and achievements. Carly took the opportunity to look around the large room. She wouldn’t consciously admit it to herself but she was looking for someone. When her eyes landed on her, she smiled, her heartbeat raced, and her breathing quickened. Two rows down and five seats over sat Rebecca. Rebecca wasn’t beautiful, she was pretty sure, but no one could say she was beautiful. In Carly’s eyes she was perfection. Rebecca was a couple of inches short of six feet, had curly brown hair that fell to her shoulders, a thin frame, breasts that would barely fill a B cup, and curves so slight they were almost nonexistent. Her face was animated; her clear green eyes always seemed to be filled with laughter over some personal joke.

Carly had first me her a week earlier when they both showed up to a review session for an exam. She’d been wondering ever since how she could have missed her. They had talked briefly that day and had even managed a few quick hellos since then. Rebecca had been on Carly’s mind ever since; Carly had been so preoccupied with her even her boyfriend had started to notice. Carly quickly turned her gaze to George sitting besides her wondering how he would feel if she confessed to having sexual urges toward another female. Carly mentally shrugged and looked once more toward Rebecca willing her to turn around, so she could glimpse at the face that had been haunting her dreams.

Rebecca felt the eyes at the back of her head. She turned around slowly; her gaze moving up toward Carly and she smiled. Her green eyes bright. It was good to know she wasn’t alone in her infatuation. When she had first met Carly, at the review session, she had been blown away. Carly was raw energy wrapped up in a very sexy package. Carly was about her own height, but that’s where the similarities ended. While Rebecca was thin and almost flat, Carly was everything female. Her blonde hair fell straight down to her waist, her bad was curved, her breasts were big without being obscene, and she had the muscle tone of an athlete. Nothing about her could be called bony. As Rebecca looked up at Carly, she wondered if her grey eyes had gone dark as they often did when they managed upon each other for a quick hello. Their eyes met and locked for several moments until the guest speaker finally took the podium and Rebecca turned around to take notes.

The auditorium emptied out quickly after the speaker’s closing remarks. Rebecca was still in her row looking up at Carly, smiling. Carly made excuses to George, kissed him good-bye, and watched as he left the auditorium. She then turned and began walking down towards Rebecca. Rebecca met her halfway. Carly stood when step above her, looking down at her animated face.

“Hi,” Carly said smiling, feeling butterflies flutter around her stomach.

“Hello,” Rebecca replied looking around. They were completely alone in the large auditorium. “What did you think of the speaker?”

“He sounded interesting, but I only understood about a third of what he said.”

“That sounds about right. Everything else was bullshit,” Rebecca replied moving her hand to touch Carly’s where it gripped her books.

Carly looked down to where Rebecca’s pale hand covered her own tanned one. She loosened her grip on the anthropology books and intertwined her fingers with Rebecca’s. Biting down on her lower lip, she looked up to Rebecca’s eyes and smiled. Rebecca smiled back. Neither felt the urge to untangle their fingers.

“Are you ready for the exam on Friday?” Carly asked mostly to end the silence that had stretched between them.

“No, not at all. Maybe we could get together to study.”

“Yeah, that would be great.”

“How about right now?” Rebecca asked. Carly smiled. “I mean this was my last class for today, and it’s my day off work, but if you have something to do we can study some other day.”

“Actually, I’m free for the rest of the afternoon as well, Carly lied. She still had a PoliSci class, but it bored her to tears and one missed class wasn’t going to kill her.

“Great. Do you want to go to the library? We could get one of those private study rooms.”

“That sounds good,” replied Carly. They walked out of the auditorium hand in hand, and started toward the five story building that housed the library.

Inside the private study room, the two girls sat side by side rather than across from each other. They were both wearing shorts in appreciation of the hot April weather, and their naked legs continuously rubbed against each other. Their head were close together Rebecca’s curly brown hair mingling with Carly’s straight blonde hair. Their voices were lowered as they read over notes and discussed different lectures. They study room itself was small. It had a table, four chairs, a dry erase board, no window, and a door without any windows. They only illumination in the closed in room was the harsh florescent light above. They had been studying for a little over an hour when Carly threw her pen down in disgust.

Leaning back in her chair, stretching she said, “That’s it. I’m done. There is no way more of that shit will fit inside my mind.”

Rebecca placed her own pen flat on the table before turning to look at Carly. A slight blush was working its way up Carly’s cheeks, and her eyes looked liked she had just been awaken from a deep slumber. Rebecca found her irresistible. Her hand moved up to Carly’s face and lightly traced the curve of her cheek.

Carly felt the feather light touch and stopped breathing. Her face tingled in the wake of Rebecca’s touch. She looked at Rebecca and finally remembered to breathe. The harsh breath escaped out of her slightly parted lips. Rebecca traced her index finger along Carly’s top lip and then along Carly’s plump bottom lip, before tracing the seam between them. Carly opened her mouth slightly, licking Rebecca’s finger with the tip of her tongue before closing her mouth around Rebecca’s fingertip. Her tongue moving over and around it as she applied gentle suction.

Rebecca’s own breath caught as she saw and felt Carly’s mouth wrapped around her finger. She could feel her own excitement at the sight. She slowly took her fingertip out of Carly’s mouth and traced Carly’s neck leaving a trail of wetness down the side of it before moving along to trace Carly’s arm.

Carly swallowed as lust threatened to overcome her. Thinking that two could play the game, Carly shook off the paralysis that had engulfed her when Rebecca began touching her and started exploring Rebecca’s leg as Rebecca touched her arm. Carly drew lazy circles on Rebecca’s thigh, moving slowly up to where her denim shorts ended, slipping underneath them then back down to Rebecca’s knees. Moving her hand behind Rebecca’s knee, Carly caressed her there just as Rebecca was caressing the inside of Carly’s elbow.

The girls’ sighs echoed through the silent room, sounding as loud as a shot. Carly and Rebecca stared into each other’s eyes and then leaned into each other. Soft lips brushed soft lips, breaths mingled, tongues darted out and touched. Neither knew who had deepened the kiss but soon their mouths were open, tongues explored inside, and the girls stood so that their bodies pressed together. The kiss seemed endless. The girls touched at their breasts, their mounds pushed against each other, and their legs were intertwined. Together they pulled their lips apart. Their eyes on each other; they both smiled.

Rebecca’s tongue darted out wetting her lips quickly, “Hmmm,” she murmured, “that was interesting.” Her hands were around Carly’s waist, her fingers inside the band of Carly’s shorts.

“A bit more than interesting, I think,” Carly replied, her breathing still too loud to her own ears. Carly’s hands were moving up and down at Rebecca’s sides on top of her shirt.

Rebecca laughed softly, “Yeah, a bit more.”

They leaned into each other again, their eyes open, their lips touched, tested, tasted. They pulled apart once more, neither spoke. Carly moved her hand under Rebecca’s t-shirt touching bare skin. Her fingertips moving over Rebecca’s flat stomach; she felt Rebecca take a deep breath before moving once more to the sides of Rebecca’s stomach pulling the shirt up high and higher until finally over Rebecca’s head. Her small breasts pushed up tantalizingly in her black bra. Carly dropped to her knees and pressed her mouth to Rebecca’s stomach. She moved her open mouth down Rebecca’s stomach until she reached the waistband of the shorts. Carly darted her tongue quickly in and out of Rebecca’s bellybutton. Rebecca’s soft moan reverberated through the room. Carly slowly moved her mouth back up until she was standing; she placed a kiss on top of each breast that swelled over the bra.

Rebecca’s legs could barely support her weight as she felt Carly’s wet mouth move over her hot, naked flesh. The girls undressed each other, stopping often to taste, to touch, to explore. A lick at the back of the knees, a caress at the breast, fingers moved over skin touching here and there randomly. The inside of a wrist felt a rasping of teeth and a quick flicker of a tongue. A small of the back much the same plus warm breath blown over it before a mouth gently suckled. A hand moved across a shoulder blade, another one over a hip, a tongue tasted the hollow of a neck, and mouths feasted on each other.

When both girls were finally naked the two girls pulled apart, their eyes drowning in desire. They cleared the table. Their fingers intertwined. Carly sat at the edge of the table; Rebecca stood between her legs. Carly moved her hands over Rebecca’s pink nipples watching as they hardened underneath her fingers. She bent her head and took a nipple into her mouth gently sucking on it; her tongue laving it and her teeth gently nipping. Somewhere in the back of her head she heard Rebecca’s ragged moan. Carly moved from one nipple to the other repeating the process; she could feel Rebecca’s hands holding her head. Lifting her head the girls kissed once more.

Rebecca pushed Carly down until she was laying on the table her feet dangling over the edge. Rebecca leaned down, moved her mouth over Carly’s hard nipples, licking them, suckling them, and running her teeth over them. She felt Carly shudder beneath her. Rebecca looked up at Carly noticing that her eyes had turned into a dark gray. She smiled; her fingers moved over Carly’s stomach until she touched her wet pussy lips. Rebecca let her fingers slide over Carly’s lips pushing inside slightly before withdrawing. She brought her wet fingers up, looking at them. Rebecca ran her wet fingers over Carly’s mouth then leaned down and took Carly’s lips in a ravenous kiss. She nibbled at Carly’s lower lip before her tongue pushed inside Carly’s mouth.

Carly tasted herself as she and Rebecca kissed; she was pushing up toward Rebecca. Her body was aching; she needed something, but was unsure what. She suckled at Rebecca’s tongue as it moved inside her mouth. Her hands framing Rebecca’s face. Her breasts pressed against Rebecca’s. 

“I’m going to taste you now,” Rebecca whispered against Carly’s mouth.

“Oh, God, yes,” was Carly’s ragged reply.

Rebecca dropped to her knees between Carly’s open legs. She placed small, chaste kisses on Carly’s abdomen only a breath away from her wet pussy. Rebecca moved her mouth to Carly’s left knee and slowly moved it up her inner thigh leaving a wet trail in her wake. She stopped just short of the juncture between Carly’s legs. Rebecca moved to the other leg moving slowly up that one. She could hear Carly curse quietly above her. Smiling, Rebecca slowly lowered her open mouth to Carly’s pussy. Carly moaned in pleasure at the contact. Rebecca traced Carly’s pussy lips with her tongue barely slipping inside the fold before retreating.

Rebecca took her time exploring Carly’s wet, smooth pussy. Her tongue moved inside and around. Moving against Carly’s inner walls before licking up and out. Carly shuddered in reaction. For what seemed endless minutes Rebecca explored Carly’s pussy with her mouth. Carly’s scent caressed her nostrils as she breathed deep, and the quiet moans raced across her spine. Rebecca finally slipped two fingers inside Carly’s pussy moving them in and out slowly at first then faster. Pushing harder and harder as Carly whimpered. Rebecca kept her mouth on Carly’s clit as her fingers moved in and out; her tongue circling Carly’s clit, flicking over her, before she sucked on it slowly. With a loud moan Rebecca felt Carly’s pussy walls contract around her fingers, as she slurped at Carly’s juices. Carly’s muscles seemed to go lax, her limbs boneless, and her breathing was the only sound in the quiet room.

Carly finally came back to herself after what seemed to be a mind shattering orgasm. She couldn’t feel her fingers or her toes for several minutes when feeling started moving away from her pussy to the rest of her body she pushed herself up to her elbows and looked at Rebecca. She was sitting on the floor back on her haunches looking extremely pleased with herself.

“I knew you were going to be loud,” Rebecca said, her tongue darting out to capture Carly’s taste from her own lips.

Carly smiled shyly, “And you?” she asked, “Are you loud?”

Rebecca shook her head, “Nope, quiet as a mouse,” she said.

“Why don’t we test that out?” Carly moved up until she was standing reaching down to help Rebecca stand as well.

Turning around until Rebecca’s thighs hit the edge of the table, Carly pressed down on her shoulders until she sat. Carly leaned down until her lips brushed Rebecca’s. They kissed; Carly moved her head away and over Rebecca’s cheek, down her neck, tasting Rebecca’s sweat as she opened her mouth at her shoulder. Slowly moving toward Rebecca’s breasts, she licked Rebecca’s nipples before closing her mouth around one, biting down until she whimpered; blowing on the nipple she moved her attention to the other. Carly’s hand had been moving down Rebecca’s stomach, toward her neatly trimmed bush. As Carly took one of Rebecca’s nipples into her mouth, she plunged two fingers into her wet, hot pussy. Rebecca moaned softly, incoherent words were coming out of her open lips. Carly kept plunging her fingers in and out of Rebecca’s pussy even as she moved her mouth down toward it. Her fingers deep inside Rebecca’s pussy; Carly opened her mouth over her clit. Rebecca exploded instantly; Carly quickly moved up and trapped Rebecca’s scream of ecstasy with her mouth.