 Lauren opened her eyes slowly.

Her body ached, and her ass was beyond sore, but it had been completely worth the rampant anal gang bang her master had subjected her to.

He was nowhere to be seen, and the flat seemed quiet, so Lauren got out of bed and headed for the shower.

When she stepped into the bathroom, however, Mr Lane was slowly shaving, a thick blue towel around his waist and his firm abs on display.

She stopped in the doorway to admire the view, until he glanced her way and raised his eyebrows. Lauren moved into the bathroom and slipped her panties off as she turned the shower on.

Stepping under the hot water, she raised her face and let it pour over her face and down her body. It was refreshing, and within seconds she began to feel a lot better.

Squirting some shampoo into her hand - which smelled of pineapple - she began to lather up her hair. While her eyes were closed due to the suds, she felt two strong hands begin to soap up the rest of her.

They cupped her breasts, rolling her nipples between the fingers and making her gasp as the pleasure bolted to her pussy, which was quickly becoming extremely wet.

They travelled down her stomach until they reached her pussy, where the fingers of one hand gently opened her up to him, before the fingers of the other hand slid inside her, making her lean against the glass of the shower as she groaned in ecstasy.

"Fuck me... please..." she moaned, eager for him to be stretching her and filling her.

"Why? Are my fingers not enough?" he teased, a third finger pushing inside and opening her further.

"No. I want your cock in me. I want you to fuck me hard and make me scream. I want you to rattle this glass by pounding my pussy until I beg for mercy."

"Really? Far be it from me to disappoint my goddess." he laughed.

His fingers left her pussy, then - in one fluid move - he parted her cheeks and entered her still tender ass, making her scream at the invasion, his cock sliding in deep over and over slow and slick.

"You wanted my cock in you..." he whispered, lifting her hands above her head and pressing her up against the glass that made his cock push deeper. "What was the second request?"

Lauren didn't answer, knowing what he would do. Then he slapped her ass, and she shouted, "Fuck me hard and make me scream!"

Mr Lane obliged, his thrusts becoming not only deep, but incredibly forceful, making her cum hard all over the shower floor as she climaxed.

Her pussy squirted her orgasm like a jet, spraying everywhere as she came again and again, her voice going hoarse from screaming for him to fuck her harder, deeper and faster at the top of her lungs.

"Last request. Say it."

"Fuck my pussy, make me beg for mercy..." she gasped as she fought for breath due to the anal reaming.

Mr Lane slowly pulled out, then turned her round and lifted her off the floor, her legs wrapping around his waist before he pushed deep into the soaking pussy, eliciting a gasp of unmatched pleasure from her.

Then he fucked her.

It wasn't slow, or soft, or romantic.

It was primal, animalistic fucking, his cock bouncing off the spongy wall of her cervix as he plundered her deepest, most sensitive depths.

The force of the thrusts shook the glass and it was all Lauren could do to hold on as orgasm after orgasm after mind blowing orgasm wracked her teen body.

After countless orgasms - she lost count at four - she blacked out for a moment, waking to find him still pounding away at her.

"Im going to cum, Lauren." he growled.

"Do it! Fill me!" she demanded.

He plunged deep, stilled and she felt his hot, sticky seed flood her tight, aching pussy. He began to fuck her, but Lauren gasped. "Stop!"

He immediately complied, slipping out and letting her down to her feet. He turned the shower off and grabbed a towel that wrapped round her before carrying her to the bedroom.

********************

Karl slowly dried Lauren off, taking extra care with her ass and pussy, then pulled her into his arms.

"Are you okay?" he asked, concerned.

"Yeah... I've just never been fucked like that. I know I asked for it, but... wow." she muttered.

"Is there anything I can do?"

"I'll be fine. What do we do today?"

"Whatever you want. Yesterday was my treat. Today is yours, and we do what you want. Is there anything you want to try?"

Lauren fell silent, a look of embarrassment crossing her face as she looked down. Karl made her look up, a smile of reassurance on his face.

"Tell me." he softly ordered.

"I want to try..."

"Yes...?"

"I was wondering what it would be like to have sex with another woman."

"You want to try lesbianism?"

"Yes." she muttered, sounding as if she was frightened of disappointing him.

"Who with?"

"What?" she asked, her head whipping round in surprise.

"If you have been thinking about trying lesbianism, I would think you have been fantasising about someone you want to try it with, someone in your class, I would presume."

"Well... there is Erin."

Karl smiled inwardly.

Erin was a quiet, shy girl that was head of the class. She was the kind of girl who was pretty but had no idea due to the shallow nature of young boys who only went after the cheerleader types.

"Erin. She comes here sometimes to help me mark homework."

"Is that what you call it these days?"

"Very funny. I can call her over and you can give it a go if you want."

"Really?"

Karl nodded and took his phone from the bedside table to ring Erin. She picked it up on the first ring.

"Hello, Mr Lane. Is something wrong with my essay?"

"No, Erin. I am a little swamped with homework again, so I am asking for help. I know it is short notice, but - "

"I'll be right over." she interrupted and hung up.

"See? She'll be right over. What will you do?"

"I don't know."

********************

Lauren still didn't know twenty minutes later when Erin knocked on the door. Mr Lane went to answer it, while Lauren sat at the table, working on a fake essay.

When Erin saw her, her face dropped slightly.

Erin was indeed pretty, her eyes innocent and baby blue, her lips small but pouty and adorable glasses. Her blonde hair was in a ponytail. She was slender and petite, her ass small just like her breasts.

"Lauren? What are you doing here?"

"I'm catching up on homework. Mr Lane let me come over to try and get my grades up."

"Oh, okay."

"Erin, these English essays need marking, if you wouldn't mind."

"Sure." she smiled, and Lauren felt a pang of jealousy at how much Erin was crushing on him. Erin sat down in the chair next to Lauren as Mr Lane left them to it.

They worked in silence, Lauren scribbling nonsense on the paper before her as she plucked up the courage to say something to Erin.

"Lauren?"

"Yeah?" she replied, jumping a little.

"Are you okay? You seem like you want to say something to me? Have I done something wrong?"

"No... it's just... no, I can't. You'll think I'm a weirdo or a freak."

"I won't. What is it?"

"I... I want to kiss you."

Erin was silent. Lauren fought the urge to blurt out something stupid, waiting for the pretty blonde to say something.

"I knew it." she finally whispered.

"What?"

"I'm not stupid, Lauren. I see the way you look at me in class, especially in swimming or gymnastics. Not to mention when you are next to me in the showers."

"Sorry."

"Don't be. It's kind of nice to know a girl like you finds me attractive. Is it my face, or my body?"

"Both. When I look at you, I just want to pin you against the shower walls and - "

"Kiss me?" Erin interrupted.

"Fuck you." Lauren finished, going bright red.

So did Erin.

"You want to have sex with me?"

Lauren nodded.

Then both girls jumped when Mr Lane stuck his head in the room.

"I need to get some milk girls. Will you two be okay for a few minutes while I go to the store?"

"Yes Mr Lane."

"Okay. I'll be back soon." he smiled, then a few moments later the front door slammed shut. Erin turned back to Lauren with a nervous smile.

"So... we have a bit of time? Want to try the kissing me thing?"

Lauren didn't hesitate, standing and pulling her to her feet before slowly embracing her. Erin didn't struggle, but bit her lip in a rather endearing way.

Lauren leaned in, pausing an inch or so away to allow Erin to back out. Erin didn't, leaning in and kissing her slowly and softly.

Her lips were soft and warm, melding with Lauren's in a way that made Lauren's pussy tingle with lust. The kiss grew more intense, Lauren backing Erin up against the wall as her tongue explored the young girl's mouth.

Erin matched the kiss without hesitation, pulling Lauren closer and grasping her ass to squeeze it. Her fingers brushed Lauren's dripping pussy through her panties and she gasped into Erin's mouth.

"What?"

"You touched my... never mind." Lauren smiled, her breath ragged. "I want to..."

"Fuck me?"

"I want to taste your cunt." Lauren growled, and Erin shivered at the profanity.

"My... where?"

Lauren didn't answer, dropping to her knees and lifting Erin's skirt. The girl was wearing a pair of white cotton panties, the front growing transparent due to her arousal.

Yanking the panties down, she pulled them off, making Erin gasp in shock.

"Right here? What if someone sees? What if Mr Lane... Oh Fuck!" Erin shouted as Lauren forced her tongue into her tight, smooth pussy.

Lauren shoved her tongue into Erin's pussy as deep as possible, trying to taste as much of her first pussy as she could reach. It was sweet but tart, but oh so delicious, and Lauren couldn't get enough.

Erin's profanities only spurred her on, the young virgin unusually crass.

"Fuck... oh fuck... make me cum. Please, make me cum on that beautiful fucking tongue!" she demanded, grasping Lauren's hair and trying to get her tongue deeper.

Eventually, Erin did cum, her pussy flooding - erupting - violently over Lauren's face and into her mouth, where Lauren swallowed all she could.

Lauren leaned back, licking her lips. Erin gazed down at her, her eyes full of burning lust.

"I wanna taste you." she pleaded.

Lauren nodded, standing and slipping her thong off before sitting on her chair. Erin knelt down and took a deep breath, apparently relishing the scent of her. Then she hesitated, looking up.

"What do I do?"

"Do what you would want someone to do to you." Lauren smiled.

Erin nodded, then her head dipped and Lauren felt her tongue slowly parting her pussy lips. It explored the smooth pink flesh, then delved into her wet hole, circling slowly before it tickled her clit.

For being a virgin, Erin was very talented at eating pussy, driving her to an orgasm that Lauren knew would match the one she had suffered earlier.

When she came, Lauren felt herself squirt, spraying all over Erin's pretty face and making her gasp in shock. Lauren pulled Erin up to sit astride her, licking her own cum off Erin's face before kissing her hard.

When they broke apart, Erin smiled.

"Wow. That was..."

"I know." Lauren nodded. "It was amazing. You're very talented."

"Really? That's the first time I've ever done anything."

"With a girl?"

"With anyone." Erin admitted, looking ashamed.

"That's nothing to be embarrassed about. I'm glad I was your first. Look, is there a guy you like? I could probably help you get them to ask you out."

"No, it's okay."

"Come on. What's his name? Is it Kieran? Matt?"

"Mr Lane." Erin muttered almost silently. Lauren was taken aback.

"You fancy Mr Lane?" she asked.

"Yeah. He's so... caring, and smart, and funny... not to mention kinda handsome."

Lauren smiled, knowing exactly what Erin was saying. It was the reason she had chosen to be with him. And she knew he would most likely enjoy having Erin as well.

"We'll have to see what we can do about that." she smiled, kissing Erin again.