 I awoke with a start, right in the middle of a very erotic dream. I had no idea what had awakened me nor, for the first few moments, where I was. The memory of my fast fading dream had left me excited and wet adding to the confusion of where I was; and then the surroundings impressed themselves on my mind. 

I was in the Transit Area of the Athens airport. Greece. An almost empty lounge area; empty except for my little party, two other girls and our chaperone, Miss Grace. We had been in Greece to take part in an international chamber ensemble competition. Since we were all over eighteen we didn't really need a chaperone, but the university rules required it for any overseas trips. Miss Grace was great; she really paid little attention to us.

I realized that there was another group present. They hadn't been there when I had drifted off to sleep, so it must have been their entry that had awakened me.

The new group, probably waiting for a flight as we were, delayed by the storms wracking the area consisted of six black women. They were all in some sort of uniform; not military, but more like a school or civil group uniform. They were talking among themselves, kind of laughing but since they weren't speaking particularly loud, I could only hear a few words now and then, just enough to know they were speaking English. Four of them appeared to be in their late teens or early twenties, like me, but the sixth woman looked to be in her thirties, or maybe even forties. I assumed she was, like Miss Grace, a chaperone.

I shifted on the bench I was laying on a bit, stretching my body which had been too long in one position. It was then that I realized they were looking at me, and the few words I could hear told me they were talking about me. That was when I realized that while I was sleeping my already short skirt had ridden up high on my thighs, and that I was giving them a great view of my skimpy blue panties. For some reason, maybe because of the erotic dream which was already fading from my memory, the realization that I was showing so much to a group of strangers, black female strangers, excited me, and I made no effort to pull my skirt down...instead I squirmed a little, causing the skirt to rise even higher.

This caused a reaction from the older woman. She said something to the others, and then she looked straight at me, and slowly lifted her own skirt! I swallowed, my eyes locked on the rising hem as it slide slowly up her ebony thighs. I found myself wishing she would move faster; it seemed to take forever for the skirt to reach a level that revealed...that revealed...she wasn't wearing panties! I gasped, out loud, loud enough for her and her friends to hear, and they all laughed as I glanced nervously at my companions to see if I had awakened them. To my relief, none of them even stirred. Unable to resist, my face burning, I turned my eyes back to the woman. She smiled at me, and put a hand down to stroke herself between her legs, and I bit my lower lip to hold back a groan. What was happening to me? I had never before felt an interest in another woman. But now, there was no way I could deny it to myself, I was becoming more aroused then I had ever been without being touched, just by having this black woman display herself to me; arrogantly display herself.

And then, again saying something to her group, she stood up. She looked challengingly at me, and walked off toward a corridor that I knew led to the restrooms. For a moment I just sat there. The other black women were watching me with what I can only describe as expectant amusement. Then, prodded by something deep inside me that I had never known existed, I stood and followed the black lady into the women's restroom.

She was standing at the wash basins when I walked in, but was obviously waiting for me. She had known I would follow her. But now that I was there, I had no idea what to say, or what to do. I need not have worried. The choice wasn't mind in the first place. She was in charge. "Very nice blue panties", She said, "do you always show them off to strangers?"

I felt my face heat up and I knew I was blushing furiously. "I...I didn't mean to do that. I was sleeping and...."

She laughed a short angry laugh. "Please don't insult me by expecting me to believe that. Yes, you were sleeping at first, but when you woke up and realized we were watching you, you didn't cover up, you just showed more. Like a slut."

"What's your name, girl?"

I hesitated. Did I really want to tell this stranger my name? It seemed somehow it would be surrendering some part of me to her.

Suddenly, she moved closer to me, right in front of me. "I asked you a question white girl. Answer me."

"Billie", I sputtered, the name almost forced from me by her vehemence. "Billie. Well, Billie, tell me what you thought about your view of my pussy. Did it excite you?"

What could I say? I couldn't admit to her that it had excited me, nor was there any way that I could deny it. We both knew what my reaction had been. She slapped me...hard. "You have to learn, white girl. When I ask you a question I expect an answer...an honest answer. Do you understand me?"

In my shock and pain from the slap I couldn't speak, and she slapped me again, and kept slapping me until I managed to force the words out. "Yes", I practically shouted, "yes I understand. Please, stop slapping me...yes it excited me. I don't know why, but it did!"

"Was it the first black pussy you've ever seen?"

"Yes"

She stepped back, and looked me up and down while I stood there, my face burning from her slaps and tears streaming down my face. I felt like a little naughty girl being surveyed by a teacher while she decided what my punishment would be. And I wondered if she could possible know how excited I really was. My own pussy was soaking the crotch of my cute blue panties. I had been aroused when I followed her in here, but those slaps; each one seemed to go right to my crotch...to my pussy. I was already totally in the power of this beautiful black lady.

Finally she seemed to make up her mind. She walked over to the stalls and opened the stall furthest from the door.

"Come here," She ordered.

I looked round, for what I don't know. Looking for help, I guess. I knew if I obeyed her I was turning a page in my life that could never be turned back. "Now!" she barked at me.

My feet moved. I didn't think, couldn't think. I went to her, following her into the stall. It was roomier than I had expected, and then I realized she had chosen it for that reason. It was the handicapped stall.

"Close the door", She ordered.

"Now take your clothes off."

"Please, I...please don't make me do that...I can't...."

"Stop it. I'm not making you do anything. You're here because you wanted to be here. I didn't tell you to follow me, and I'm not holding you here now. You're perfectly free to go. But...if you go, you'll never get this chance again. And we both know you'll regret it for the rest of your life. You want this. You're a white cunt, and you want to taste my black pussy. Now get those fucking clothes off before I rip them off."

For just an instant I tried to fight it, but she was right. I wanted this. I had never in my life wanted anything more. I didn't even make a production out of stripping, I was out of my skirt and blouse before I even realized I was doing it.

"The bra too," she told me, "but leave those pretty blue panties you're so proud of."

She seated herself on the commode, and without waiting for her command, I knelt on the cold cement floor at her feet. She gave me a little smile of satisfaction, and I felt my pussy gush a little at her approval. Then she reached down and ran her fingers through my hair, slowly sliding her hand around to the back of my head, and gently but very firmly pushing my face into her crotch. It went willingly.

I inhaled her odor, the odor of aroused female; aroused black female. It assailed and intoxicated my brain, drawing my tongue out between my lips. A thrill shot up and down my spine at the first touch of my tongue on her flesh...on her clit. I opened my lips around it, flicking it with the tip of my tongue. I was rewarded by a moan of pleasure...or was that moan from me?

She slid a little further down in the seat, giving me more access to her pussy. My lips and tongue quickly took the opportunity to explore the newly available treasures. I licked at the outer lips of her sweet hole, getting my first taste of her nectar and instantly wanting more. Her thighs closed around my head as if making sure I didn't pull back, but there was no danger of that. I was way past that point...all I wanted now was more...and more of her juices...more of the silken wet feel of her pussy lips beneath my darting tongue.

Yet, through it all I was acutely aware of everything. My own easy submission to this domineering black lady, the humiliating position I was in, kneeling between her thighs on the cold floor of a toilet stall, lapping eagerly, and noisily, at her cunt. And in my mind it was her cunt...not her vagina but a cunt, a pussy, her snatch...her delicious wonderful snatch. Already my face was dripping with her fluids. My body was more alive than I had ever known it to be. I felt her thighs caress my cheeks, felt my breasts swaying as I feasted at her altar, now and then brushing against her legs and sending electric shocks through my body every time. She began moving against my face, the hand at the back of my head becoming more insistent and sensing the nearness of her climax I sucked and licked faster. My tongue darted feverishly over her oozing pussy lips, now flicking at her clit, now diving as deep as I could get it into her very depths, deep into her convulsing cunt. Above me she cried out, a long drawn out cry of ecstasy that was a delight to my ears. Knowing that I had caused her such pleasure was as rewarding to me as if I had myself experienced the orgasm she was going through. My mouth stayed locked over her juicy mound as she ground out her climax on my face. I swallowed what to my mind seemed to be copious amounts of her love juice, sucking it out like a thirst crazed lesbian whore...which at that moment was exactly what I was.

Finally she pushed me away, staring down at me for a few moments with dazed, post-climatic eyes. I licked my lips, then ran my hands over my face and licked them. Unable to resist I leaned back into her crotch and gave her pussy a last, grateful kiss, then sat back on my haunches and looked up at her, waiting for her to recover. She smiled.

"That was good, little girl. You're a natural born cunt-licker."

I felt like a favored pet being patted by her mistress. If I had had a tail it would have been wagging in pleasure at her compliment. She took a deep breath and stood up, smoothing her skirt down over her ebony thighs. I felt sad at the loss of my view of her lovely pussy. I started to rise too, now that our sexing was over, but she put a hand firmly on my shoulder.

"Oh no, little fig. You stay right there, just as you are. You have more work to do; very enjoyable work for you, I'm sure."

It was only then that I realized that two of the other women that had been with her in the waiting area had followed us into the ladies room. One of them now replaced her on the commode, spreading her legs before me. Like the original lady, she wasn't wearing panties. I started to protest, but before the words could even leave my mouth my face was again buried in black pussy, and my submissive urges had taken over. So quickly and so engrossed did I become at the new banquet beneath my lips and tongue that I forgot all about the second woman; until I felt her pulling the crotch of my panties aside. Oh, I thought, is she going to eat me? But no, what she had in mind had never even entered my mind before, and if it had, I would have said it was impossible. She wanted to fuck me! And she did. I couldn't see it of course, but she had a thick (as I later saw) black two headed dildo strapped around her, one end in her and the other being slammed into me without any preliminary warning.

The girl whose pussy I was lapping held my head firmly against her, muffling my scream as the substitute cock rammed deep into my fuckhole. I had never felt anything so big, so hard in me before. And she showed me no mercy, bucking into me with brutal lunges. It hurt. God, did it hurt. And God help me...I loved it! I resumed my licking of the squishy cunt before me and bucked my ass back to meet the punishing lunges into my now gushing cunt. I think the three of us came together, but I have no way of knowing. From that moment on, until each of the black women had pleasured themselves at either my mouth or my cunt, though the uncountable orgasms I experienced kneeling at that toilet altar, I was only aware of giving and experiencing pleasure such as I had never imagined.

How long did it go on? Who knows? I was totally lost to time. But all good things must come to an end. The older lady, my first seductress, finally pushed open the door of the ladies room and said, "Okay, that's it. Her friends are waking up. Get the bitch cleaned up and get out of here."

Still dazed and not really even aware of what was going on I let the two women who had just finished with me get me to my feet. They pulled me over to one of the wash basins, and roughly washed the cunt juices from my face. By that time the fluids had coated my upper body as well, but there was no time to bathe me entirely, they just helped me into my skirt and blouse and then left me there.

I stared at myself in the mirror. I was still a mess. My hair was matted and wet with sweat and pussy juice and I could smell it on me. I smelled like an aroused cunt. I started to try to do something with my hair, but just then the door opened again. This time two of my companions came in.

"Oh, there you are. We have to hurry; they are announcing that our flight is ready." my friend Jodi said. She stopped and took a good look at me. "God, Billie, after sleeping on those benches all night none of us look good, but you look like you've really been through the wringer. And what's that smell?"

I made some inane comment about splashing too much water on my face while trying to wake up. It seemed to satisfy them, although Joni talking, had a funny look on her face and kept kind of sniffing. I gave my hair a few more quick pats and left the room while they were using the toilets. In the hurry and bustle of gathering our things and rushing to board our flight none of the others, and especially not the chaperone, seemed to take any further notice of my condition. The flight was changed, we were told at the gate. Instead of being on KLM we would fly to Los Angeles on a South African airline, as the KLM plane we were scheduled to fly on was still in Amsterdam. As we boarded the plane...in economy, I was surprised to see the black women boarding the same flight, but in First Class. I was a little disappointed in that none of them even seemed to notice me.

As we pulled away from the gate, a very pretty flight attendant, a young black woman, came down the aisle. "Which one of you is Billie Babka," she asked?

I looked at Miss Grace, who just shrugged, and then I spoke up. "That's me, Ma'am".

"Well, aren't you the lucky one," she smiled. "We have an extra seat in First Class, and it is our airline's policy when that happens to randomly select an economy passenger to be upgraded at no charge. Today that lucky passenger is you."

Miss Grace had some questions, but was quickly assured that there would be no charge and that I would be well taken care of. The flight attendant helped me gather my things and carry them into the first class compartment, which was completely sealed off from the poor folks in economy.

As soon as I entered the flight attendant closed the door behind us and I gasped. The black women were the only occupants of First Class, and I couldn't see an empty seat. They were all staring at me and smiling. My face burning, I turned to the flight attendant, and said, "But where am I to sit?"

She smiled sweetly. "Oh, don't worry my dear. You won't be needing a seat, just a place to kneel."

With that she pushed me to my knees, pulling up her skirt as she did so, and lifted one leg over my shoulder. Like the other black women I had met today, she wasn't wearing panties. My last thought as I pushed my tongue into her inviting snatch was, my poor friends will have to eat lousy economy food, while I get to feast on First Class Black Pussy as I eat my way to Los Angeles.