 NOTE: In the first part (Submissive Soccer Moms: Rich Bitch) Layla seduces and Dommes harshly a stuck-up rich soccer mom, Sammantha. Introduced only briefly is another soccer mom, the shy, sweet, Clara. This story is the touching story of a much different seduction.

NOTE 2: As always, a special thank you to Estragon for his dedicated copy editing of this and all my other stories.

BRIEF RECAP:

Before we start here is a brief recap of the scenes with Clara from Rich Bitch:

Clara Walsh had lost her husband two years ago in a car accident and was raising her teenage daughter Maddie by herself. Clara had not even considered another man and her only sexual fulfillment was her six inch dildo, the same one she had pleasured herself with back in college. She had no idea of the technological advances in the erotic toy industry. 

Clara received a large sum of money from her husband's life insurance, and spent her days writing her novel. She also made sure to spend as much time as she could with her 18 year old daughter, who would be going to college in the fall in New York, thousands of miles away from her.

Clara had raven black hair and green-blue eyes, that seemed to change based on her mood. She was short, at 5'2, and had large, only slightly sagging 40d breasts.

Layla, our soccer coach and protagonist, had only conversed with Clara once but had learned from that brief conversation that Clara was a widow. Layla didn't attempt to aggressively seduce the pretty MILF or MIPS (Mom I Plan to Seduce as Layla referred to her), but rather flattered her with innuendo-filled compliments...planting a seed in the beautiful, shy, soccer Mom...one she hoped to soon nurture.

*****

Layla left Sammantha's house early before the rich sub had woken up, and went back to the dorm. She showered and got ready for her next seduction. She dressed casually in a t-shirt and jeans, her hair in a pony-tail, and grabbed her duffle bag of toys. She drove to Clara Walsh's home just before lunch. A tingle went up her spine as she considered her plan for this seduction. Unlike the aggressive approach that worked so easily for Sammantha Jones, a much more delicate approach was needed if the seduction of the shy MILF was going to work.

Layla arrived and knocked on her door. After a couple of minutes of waiting, just when Layla began to think no one was home, the door opened and Clara opened it. The surprised look on her face was adorable in Layla's mind. Layla immediately spoke, "Hi, Mrs. Walsh, sorry to bother you, but I have some paperwork I need you to fill out for your daughter."

"Oh, OK," Clara replied, letting her daughter's soccer coach in.

Layla came in, took off her runners and followed the casually dressed Clara into the kitchen. 

"Can I get you anything to drink?" the pretty, shy MILF asked.

"Sure, anything you have," Layla politely replied.

"Iced tea?"

"Sounds yummy."

Once the iced tea was poured and both were sitting at the kitchen table, Layla handed the Mother some forms that Layla had fabricated. 

Mrs. Walsh looked them over and surprised Layla by saying, "I like how you dealt with that Mrs. Jones situation."

"Oh, thanks," Layla replied sincerely, "I have learned that women like her need to be put in their place."

"Oh," Mrs. Walsh responded, slightly confused.

"I just mean that she is used to getting her way always and I don't play that game," Layla explained, confidence oozing out of her.

"Of course," Mrs. Walsh responded, rubbing her neck.

Layla, seeing her opportunity, offered, "Let me give you a neck massage, Mrs. Walsh, you look stiff."

"Oh, no, no, no, I am fine," Clara responded.

Layla ignored the Mother's weak resistance, standing up and explaining, "It's ok, Mrs. Walsh, I have taken a couple of classes in massage therapy, it's my minor." Before the prey could resist, Layla put her hands on her shoulders and began to massage.

Clara could not believe how nice the soccer coach's hands felt. Although the massage was innocent and gentle, it was stirring confused emotions inside the older woman. It had been a long time since she had been touched at all, and she was greatly enjoying the feeling of being touched, even if it was just a friendly massage. 

After a few minutes of massaging the MILF's neck, Layla attempted to move the seduction forward by suggesting, "Mrs. Walsh, your back seems stiff too. Can we go someplace where you can lie down?"

Clara was hesitant briefly. She thought for a second that Layla's intentions were more than just friendly, but she dismissed that thought as silly and she said, inviting the inevitable, "Only the bedroom."

Layla smiled, reaching for her duffle bag, an innocent next-door-neighbour smile hiding the dark naughtiness that she had in mind, "Well, let's go then."

Clara led the seductress coach to her room and then hesitated again, second thoughts bouncing in her head.

Layla could tell the MILF was at the pivotal moment and suggested, before the MILF had time to think things through, "Lay down on your belly, Mrs. Walsh."

As Clara followed the suggestion, she offered, "Layla, please call me Clara."

Layla tossed the duffle bag on the bed and straddled her latest prey and began the gentle massage. After about five minutes, she suggested, although the tone was more an order, "Clara, if you took off your shirt I could give you a much better massage."

Clara considered this. It was one thing to get a massage by a woman; it was another to get one without a shirt on.

Layla, sensing the shy MILF's indecision, pointed out, "Clara, if you were at a masseuse you would be in only your panties. And I am trained in the art of massage."

That seemed logical to Clara and she took off her shirt, with just a little hesitation. 

A smile crossed Layla's face. Clara was falling completely into the seductive web Layla was spinning. She returned her soft hands to the MILF's white skin and continued a smooth, muscle relaxing, seducing deceiving, massage. 

Clara's mind began to wander as the young coach put her in a state of relaxation. Her eyes closed, her mind went blank, she just allowed the girl's hands to release what was clearly a heavy load of stress.

Layla pointed out, "Clara, your body has desperately needed this. You are so tight."

Clara gave out a soft whimper, that could have sounded like a sexual moan, but wasn't. "I guess I have been more stressed than I thought I was."

Attempting to build more trust and comfort between her and the pretty mother, Layla comforted, "It must be tough raising a teenager on your own, even if she is as good a kid as Maddie is."

The completely relaxed and now no longer emotionally guarded Clara replied, "Yes, Maddie is great. I just always worry about her. She is pretty shy and has never had a lot of friends. She is insecure like me, I suppose."

Layla, her hands just touching the pretty mom's ass crack, flattered, "How could you be insecure Clara? You are a beautiful woman, a great mother and still have an amazing body."

Clara's face flamed red, not used to such flattery. Her head and loins also reeled with the sudden inkling that this beautiful young woman could be seducing her. "Oh Layla, I do not have an amazing body."

"I beg to differ," Layla countered, using the opportunity to unhook the MILF's bra. "You have large still firm breasts, by the looks of it. You have an ass to die for and you don't seem to have an ounce of body fat. I hope I look half as good as you when I am 40."

Clara, feeling awkward by the aggressive flattery and the unhooking of her bra, attempted to come up with a polite way to end this. Yet, nothing came to her mind, and the pleasant tingling down below was causing her not to think straight. "I am too skinny," Clara argued.

Realizing that Clara was one of those women who hated her own body, even though it was better than almost any other her age, Layla decided to scold her, "Clara, enough!"

"Pardon?" a surprised Clara reacted confused at the scolding tone of her daughter's soccer coach.

"You have to stop self-loathing yourself. It is what so many girls do. You are way more attractive than you think. Do you think your daughter is pretty?"

"Yes, of course," Clara responded.

"Well, your daughter is the spitting image of you. So if she is pretty, than you are pretty by default."

Clara considered this. Her confidence began to grow, ever so slightly. "I suppose."

"No 'I suppose'," Layla reprimanded, her fingers now sliding inside the very top of Clara's shorts. "You know."

Distracted greatly by the girl's fingers just barely inside her shorts, not really sexual, just in a place someone's fingers usually aren't. Clara replied, "Ok, ok, I am."

"I am what?" Layla questioned, wanting to hear the MILF say it.

"I am attractive," Clara announced, although her tone implied she didn't really believe it.

"Oh come on, Clara. Say it with conviction."

"I am pretty," Clara countered, her tone showing the slightest glimpse of confidence. Clara pondered why this pretty, confident, girl would be even bothering with someone like her.

"Better, Clara. But you are not pretty. A seven year old is pretty. You are beautiful."

Clara's face went even a darker shade of red. Hearing the young girl's words over and over, she began to believe it was true. "I am beautiful," she beamed, her voice showing a confidence she had lost long ago.

"You are gorgeous," Layla continued, the flattery clearly working, her finger slowly teasing the MILF's ass crack.

"I am gorgeous," Clara repeated, like a mantra.

Layla surprised Clara by flipping her over on her back. 

Clara's large 40D breasts now completely uncovered and her erect nipples displaying the excitement she couldn't conceal, she suddenly was like a teen girl...riddled with anxiety, excitement and insecurity. 

The half naked MILF attempted to cover her breasts, but Layla stopped her with a single word, "Don't."

Clara, for reasons she could not even begin to fathom, obeyed, staring into the hypnotic blue eyes of her daughter's coach.

Layla, her smile wide, continued the self-confidence seminar, leaning forward a bit, and whispered, "You are sexy."

Clara was mesmerized by the blonde's blue eyes, luscious lips and soft tone. She knew now what Layla's intentions were and although she was scared, she lay on her bed waiting nervously the young girl's next move.

Layla, leaning closer, her firm 34B breasts, still barely concealed in her white t-shirt, her hard nipples protruding through the fabric, repeated, "You are sexy."

Clara's mind was reeling, the girl's voice dripped sexual seduction and Clara felt her panties getting damp. She couldn't remember the last time she had been even close to this sexually excited...in college? High school? Never? She stammered, weakly, her tone showing her complete distraction at what Layla was doing to her, "I-I-I am sexy."

Layla's smile shifted slightly from sweet to sexy, "Clara is hot."

"Clara is hot," Clara repeated, in a sexual trance.

Layla's lips now at Clara's ear, her breasts slightly pressing on Clara's, "Clara is fucking hot."

Clara let out a soft moan, Layla's breath doing a number to her ear. "Clara is f-f-fucking hot," the innocent mother struggled to say.

Layla's lips nibbled on the MILF's ear, ever-so-gently, "Clara is a sweet ass MILF."

"M-M-MILF?" Clara stammered, unfamiliar with the term.

Layla's tongue slid into the older woman's ear, her voice dripping with sexual prowess, "Mother I'd Like to Fuck."

A moan escaped Clara's lips.

Layla's lips let go of Clara's ear and she moved until she was eye to eye with the horny and overwhelmed MILF. 

Time stood still for Clara, who desperately wanted Layla to kiss her. She could feel her heart beating so loud and fast she thought the young coach could hear and feel it.

Layla whispered, going in for the kill, but unlike most seductions, with compassion and tenderness, "Clara, I think you are a beautiful woman and way hotter than that rich bitch Sammantha." Layla's hand slid down the MILF's side and down between her thighs, just inches from the older woman's cunt. "I want you Clara. I want you so fucking bad. But I won't do anything unless you ask me to, unless you want me to."

Clara was stunned. She desperately wanted Layla to kiss her, to touch her wet vagina and to lick her erect nipples, but saying it out loud was impossible for the shy woman.

Layla's hand rested between the MILF's legs, just barely touching her shorts. Layla's eyes bored into the weakening, horny mother. Seeing the adorable older woman so close to submitting was the ultimate high. Unlike most women she seduced, she didn't want to Domme Clara, she wanted to make love to her. But she also wanted, desperately needed as well, to have Clara ask, that was part of the thrill, the utter submission, the begging, and the uncontrollable desire to submit. She repeated, her tone just giving the slightest hint of an order, "Tell me what you want, Clara." She paused a couple of seconds before promising, "When you do, I will give you pleasure unlike any you have ever experienced." 

Clara desperately wanted to feel that pleasure, but didn't know what to say. As she attempted to put into words what she wanted, she felt her daughter's soccer coach's finger slowly slide across the front of her shorts. A loud, undeniable, moan escaped her lips and now desperate to allow this young coach to bring her to orgasmic bliss, she finally got the words out. "Layla, please."

"Please, what?" Layla asked, her finger now putting pressure on the MILF's pussy lips through the restrictive clothing.

Clara desperate now, no longer able to resist the growing desire she had felt since she first talked with the pretty coach, begged, "Please, help me come."

The words now out there, Layla sat up and silently undid the Mom's shorts. 

Clara assisted like a good, horny woman, lifting up her ass so the soccer coach could quickly pull of the fabric barrier that was preventing the pure bliss Clara now desperately craved. 

Layla, her smile still wide, pulled off her prey's shorts and panties off with tiger-like speed. But Layla was a seductress and instead of going to the older woman's trimmed pussy, as Clara assumed would happen, she moved back up and again was eye to eye with the MILF. Her lips gently brushed the older woman's. 

Clara reacted by attempting to kiss Layla, but Layla moved away, teasing the older woman.

Layla went to the vulnerable woman's neck and began to cover her with kisses. Clara's neck went red on each touch. A couple of minutes later, she moved back to the MILF's lips and leaned in for the fireworks. 

Clara so eager to feel the young girl's lips, opened her mouth slightly and felt a chill go through her entire body when, finally, their lips touched. A sudden clarity popped into her head. She had for way too long ignored her sexual desires. No more! She melded into the young girl, whose kiss started gentle and sweet, but became more passionate as time went on. It was Clara who boldly slid her tongue into the soccer coach's mouth, increasing the sexual passion between them. 

Layla finally broke the kiss, her own body betraying her for once too. She felt her pussy getting wet from the sweetness of the older woman's lips. She smiled again and spoke for the first time in minutes, "Have you ever been with a woman?"

"No," Clara admitted.

"You're beautiful, Clara. I mean that," Layla said, her hand moving between Clara's legs. "And oh my, you are very, very wet. Did I get you that wet?"

"Y-y-yes," a very embarrassed Clara admitted.

"Don't be ashamed, Clara. We are doing nothing wrong," Layla comforted, her finger slowly splitting the MILF's wet pussy lips.

Clara let out another moan. She stammered, "B-b-but I am way too old for you."

Layla's finger slowly slid inside the horny MILF, "Age is irrelevant, sexy. I want you and you need this, don't you?"

"Yes," Clara admitted, not knowing how this had all happened, but also knowing she now needed it more than anything else she could possibly remember needing.

Layla kissed her one last time and slowly moved down to the Mom's still firm breasts. She took the MILF's left nipple into her mouth while slowly fingering the MILF's pussy. 

Clara's moans increased with each slow thrust. Layla could tell the MILF was close so she stopped the finger-fucking. Clara, out of character, begged, "Nooooooooo, please don't stop."

Layla smiled, "All good things come to those that wait." Layla moved to the MILF's other breast and bit the nipple gently. 

Clara lay there feeling sparks with each nipple bite. Her pussy was begging for release, but completely at the whim of the powerful blonde. She couldn't believe how good Layla made her feel and how on the edge of complete bliss she was. 

Layla moved back up and kissed Clara again, this time probing the sexy older woman's mouth with her tongue. Layla broke the kiss again and asked, already knowing the answer, "Do you want to come, beautiful?"

"Desperately," Clara whimpered, her eyes pleading to be pleasured.

Layla kissed her quickly one more time and slithered down the MILF's body with her tongue. Manoeuvring between Clara's mounds of flesh, she continued down south to the older woman's petite belly button. Layla whirlpooled her tongue around and around, ruthlessly teasing the horny mom. 

Clara's moans continued. She was so desperate to orgasm that she surprised herself and Layla when she pushed Layla's head down. 

Layla smile to herself and asked, "What do you want me to do Clara?"

"Lick me, please?"

"Where?" Layla asked, wanting to hear the sweet woman say the words.

"My vagina," Clara moaned.

"Don't you mean your pussy?" Layla asked, her face now directly in front of the MILF's wet pussy. 

Clara could feel the girl's breath on her vagina and moaned, no longer remotely worried about propriety, "Yes, Layla, my pussy, please lick my pussy."

Layla continued to push the boundaries of the pretty MILF. "Do you want me to eat your cunt?"

Layla did one quick lick and Clara screamed, "AAAAAhhhhhhh, yes, eat my cunt."

Layla had never tasted a girl's pussy first...never! One of the rules of Domme power was to always make the sub beg to please you, make them give in to you completely first. To have them hold onto their desperate need to orgasm for as long as possible. Once a woman has orgasmed, she may see straight and the shame and guilt of their desire may prevent them from completely submitting. This was the cardinal rule of Domming. But there was always a first for everything and Layla savoured the MILF's sweetness. Layla felt a different kind of power. Unlike the Domme thrill she usually felt when she crushed some powerful unsuspecting woman, she felt a different thrill as she brought this shy, insecure woman to an orgasm. As expected, it took less than a minute to get The MILF off the first time. 

Clara was already leaking a bit, but when her orgasm was triggered, her juices flooded out like a dam that finally burst. She screamed, "Oh my Godddddd, I'm comiiiiing." Her legs stiffened and she grabbed the sheets to hold onto as her body quaked like it had never quaked before.

Layla though knew this was only the beginning of the pleasure parade and continued licking the MILF's pussy, determined to get her off a second time. She blindly reached for her duffle bag of toys. Finding the vibrator, she pulled it out, turned it on high and, without warning, slid it into the still orgasming MILF.

Clara's stunned voice echoed through the room, "Oh my, I can't take it anymore, Layla."

Layla ignored Clara's plea and began to fuck the MILF with the toy while taking the MILF's hard clit into her mouth. 

Clara's moans increased again as she crossed past the tickle tingle phase after an amazing orgasm and her body shifted into multiple orgasm mode. 
