 To say that I was busy would have been an understatement. The new large contract I had signed would generate a significant income in the long run, but in the short term it generated a lot of work. All the necessary investments along with the regular work were taxing my managing abilities; I needed an assistant. The employee responsible for human resources found a perfect candidate, her name was Stacy, she was young, had just the right level of education (overeducated people are the worst) and at the age of twenty two already had some experience; it seemed like a miracle that she was unemployed. Since Stacy could possibly become my personal assistant, I wanted to talk with her... personally. We set up a date and... things got complicated; I called Stacy to apologize and ask, if we could postpone the meeting, she was understanding and agreed to my request. Merely two hours later it turned out that the problems could be solved quickly and I actually could meet with Stacy at the previously scheduled hour. My behaviour might have been unprofessional, but that was the state of my overworked mind at that time; I called my potential employee once again, she was incredibly amicable.

"I'm actually nearby your workplace, but I'd have to go home to put on something more professional. that's quite a long way, so how about we meet in one hour?"

"That would just be a waste of your time. Forget about the clothes and come as you are, I promise I'm not going to judge you by your fashion taste" I replied jokingly.

"Okay, I'll be there in a few minutes."

"Wonderful!"

Six minutes later Stacy entered my office and despite my age and experience I was astonished by her...height. At 172 centimetres I did not consider myself short AND I was wearing thirteen centimetre heels, Stacy had sneakers and was still slightly taller than me. She was pretty in the girl-next-door type, she was wearing tight shorts that ended right below her buttocks and equally tight tank top, her long blonde hair was tied in a simple ponytail. 

People often assume that when a girl is unusually tall she must be a volleyball player, I made that assumption too, but based it on different traits. I used to play that sport as well in my youth and I could tell by Stacy's firm strong thighs and buttocks and her broad toned shoulders that she was at least a really dedicated amateur.

I stood up and went from behind the desk to greet her.

"Nice to meet you, Stacy. I'm sorry for all the confusion. Call me Samantha" we shook hands and I gestured for her to take a seat on the couch by the small table instead of my desk and took the place on the armchair myself.

"Nice to meet you too, Samantha."

My skirt was only several centimetres longer than her shorts and for a second we admired each other's legs; both of us being women we were fully aware of the other one's activity, but we remained silent about it. Instead we had a short professional job interview, fortunately for both of us everything clicked; Stacy was satisfied with the range of her responsibilities and wages, I was impressed by her skills and attitude. We also had a small talk about volleyball and she confirmed my suspicions; she played in a local semi-amateur team which was moderately successful. 

There was still one more not so minor issue that I needed to mention, Stacy did not need to be a part of my motivational program, but I felt that she at least deserved to be vaguely aware of what was going on. I tried to explain it without giving too many details, but despite my concerns Stacy was astonished rather than shocked; and most of all she was curious and kept asking questions. My inner exhibitionist took over and I gave away a lot more than I initially intended.

"You wear slutty outfits to tease your employees and actually have sex with FOUR of them each Monday?" summarized Stacy with a grin on her face.

"When you put it that way it sounds rather promiscuous..."

"I'm not criticizing you or your methods."

"Of course you don't need to be a part of this."

"I prefer boys, but having said that I wouldn't mind a bit of extra motivation from a sexy boss every now and then" she replied with a wink.

"You wouldn't?"

"Not at all."

"The others have to earn that bonus, but I'm sure we could find a method to incorporate you into the program."

"How about a freeby before we start?" with that Stacy uncrossed her legs.

I would be lying if I claimed that those long powerful legs did not tempt me, but was I not the employer? Who was supposed to be in charge here? I guess 'lust' was the answer to the last question, the overworked mind needed a vent.

"I believe it's within the realm of possibility."

At that Stacy stood up, put her thumbs by the waist of her shorts and asked:

"Would you help me take these off?"

At that point I was no longer the mature responsible boss, I was a woman in heat. I stood up only to squat in front of the young woman and pulled the shorts down her endless magnificent legs; I was not envious of her limbs, it was pure admiration on my part. The shorts were soon followed by the thong, at the same time Stacy took off her shirt and bra. I stood up and glanced her nude marvelous amazonian body from head to toe... twice. Without the tight sports bra her breasts were finally free, they were as firm as the rest of her body, I estimated them to be C-cups.

Thanks to my heels our eyes were almost at the same level... and so were our lips, a steamy kiss was inevitable. While our lips touched Stacy began to undress me, when they parted she finished her task; soon I was left in only my sexy red lingerie. We shared another short passionate kiss, but it was not kissing that my young employee wanted to receive as the motivational bonus. After our lips parted Stacy sat back down on the couch, took off her shoes and spread her legs wide; no further prompt was necessary, I got on my knees on the thick soft carpet and placed my face by her cleanly shaven vagina.

"You seemed to like my legs, Samantha. How about you start a bit lower, at my feet maybe? Don't worry, I showered right before coming here."

That was another unexpected turn, but everything she said was true; I was indeed attracted to her legs and they still smelled of the soap. My lust overtook me completely, I grabbed Stacy's shapely foot with my palms and placed a soft kiss on its top, then I licked the smooth skin few centimetres upwards and placed another kiss there. In that fashion I slowly proceeded towards the ankle, my palms scoured the path ahead by gently caressing the skin.

Stacy's calves were just as toned as her thighs, but with her muscles relaxed the flesh felt soft and tender. I kissed-licked-caressed my way upwards in a leisurely manner until I reached the thighs, there I slowed down even more. Stacy was an exceptionally tall girl and her legs were proportionately long, the muscles made the thighs thick and strong, but not fat in the least. I would not be exaggerating at all if I claimed that I had never seen such magnificent feminine legs from up close. How could I not worship them? I caressed and groped the flesh, and there was a lot of it, I kissed and licked the skin, from knees to the crotch; I never touched the clitoris though. Eventually I felt that this thigh had received enough attention (for now), so I proceeded to the other foot. I repeated the entire process just as diligently and enthusiastically, Stacy's breathing was getting heavier with each passing minute, but she did not act in any way that would suggest I should alter my behavior or pace.

Only when the second leg was just as thoroughly worshipped I finally reached Stacy's vagina, it was already moist and begging for attention. The woman spread her legs wider to give me a better access, I continued to caress her inner thighs with my palms while I used my tongue elsewhere. I licked few circles around her vagina carefully avoiding the tender parts, I knew well how to tease both sexes and I intended to use that power; an impatient groan proved that I was doing a good job in that regard. But there had been enough foreplay already, so I did not tease Stacy too long and soon proceeded with my tongue to her clit, I also moved one of my hands to her vagina and began to caress it gently. I was far superior at sucking penises, but recently thanks to Émeraude and Ashley I polished my skills in cunnilingus as well. My tongue, lips and fingers roamed over Stacy's crotch pushing all the right buttons, soon she was moaning loudly with pleasure. I never stopped licking her, but eventually I stopped the caressing with my fingers and slid two of them into the vagina, they could not have gone any smoother. Stacy's moans were joined by soft cries; she was not a screamer like myself, but did not remain quite either.

It did not take much longer of the multi-pronged stimulation to make the girl climax. Her muscles tensed, she arched her back, clenched her fists and issued a long soft high-pitched cry; I never ceased the licking and fingering as her body gently trembled. Ultimately her orgasm subsided, I rose from my knees and leaned to kiss Stacy; this one was softer and more tender. The kiss was not the end though, after all it was I who needed to let off some steam. When Stacy regained her composure she said:

"Sit down and let me return the favor."

As she spoke she reached with her hands for my panties and pulled them down, at the same time I took off my bra, so I was left in only stockings and heels. We then swapped places and Stacy put her tongue to work; she was not as skillful as she was enthusiastic, but at that point it did not matter to me, I was moist before she even began.

I enjoyed the cunnilingus, but soon a better idea came to my mind.

"Wait" I said "I got a strapon in my cupboard."

"What?! You keep sex toys in your office?"

"Doesn't everyone? So what do they do when they have to work long hours?"

"Some might simply work..."

"Nonsense!"

I went to my desk, opened the bottom board and pulled out the several toys I kept there, it was nothing compared to the collection I had at home, but indeed more than businesswomen usually kept in their offices. Stacy reached for the strapon, then picked the largest dildo to mount on it; she also applied a bit of lube to the toy, it should help a little, although I was slippery enough myself.

"Get on all fours" said Stacy in a commanding voice, but added a wink.

I obeyed and got down onto the soft carpet, but replied:

"Do you think you're applying for the position of the boss?"

Stacy knelt on one knee behind me, grabbed my hair and pulled my head back. She was decisive but gentle, yet her strength was easily noticeable.

"Do you want to get fucked, BOSS?"

I liked that game, so I assumed my role and replied meekly:

"Yes."

"Yes, what?"

"Yes, I want to get fucked."

"Ask me to do that!"

"Please, fuck me" I sincerely meant that.

"Louder!"

"PLEASE, FUCK ME!"

"Better" with that she spanked my buttock while still holding my hair.

"Ah!" I cried out in surprise as much as in pain, the stroke was not exactly light.

Stacy never let go of my hair while she knelt on both knees and guided the dildo into my vagina; as soon as the tip was in she pushed her hips forcefully and shoved the whole huge toy into my wet waiting hole.

"AAHH!" I cried out again, this time in pure pleasure.

Stacy spanked my buttock again, then withdrew her hips and smashed them into me.

"Aah! Aah! Aah!" 

She repeated the motion few times, each time adding a hard slap.

Eventually she let go of my hair and grabbed my hips with both hands, she quickly found the right rhythm and pace, it was hard, fast and deep, exactly like I needed it. My office was soon filled with my loud cries and moans mixed with the slapping of our skin.

Stacy fucked me for few minutes, maintaining the same tempo; that was enough to make me climax. It was so intense that I collapsed onto the carpet as my body trembled in ecstasy, I made loud hectic cries. The dildo slipped out of my vagina, but immediately Stacy reached with her hand between my legs and fingered me furiously until my orgasm finally subsided. I lied on the ground panting hard as the girl gently caressed my skin.

"I needed that" I said when I finally regained my breath.

"I noticed. I hope I wasn't too rough."

"Not at all. Sometime I need to not be the boss. I'm amazed how you sensed that so well."

"I have a hidden dominant persona, so I guess that I understand such needs from the opposite perspective."

Stacy helped me get up and we shared a short kiss. I then took off my stockings and heels and we went to take a shower together.

After the shower we put out clothes back on (I wore a different pair of stockings though), then I introduced Stacy to the other employees and showed her the facility, so she could do some actual work tomorrow. Of course she was liked by all the men instantly and they did not even try to hide their admiration of her endless legs. 

During our chat one more thing came up, Stacy actually lived near me, so I could pick her up on my way to work. Of course she would never ask for such a favor, but I offered it myself and we set up an hour for tomorrow. Eventually she left and I returned to my duties, I felt reinvigorated and full of energy.

On the next day, which was by the way Friday, I arrived near Stacy's apartment at the prearranged time, she was already waiting there. When I admired, or rather worshipped, her legs yesterday I never considered that they could look even sexier. Stacy wore a tight black mini skirt, too short to pass a dress code in an ordinary workplace, but perfect for my company; on her legs she had sheer black stockings, their wide lacy tops peaked from underneath the skirt. On her feet she wore stiletto heels, I estimated them to be twelve centimetre tall; they must have made her two metres tall. A tight white short-sleeved blouse completed her outfit. She look stunning! I could not take my eyes off that marvelous amazonian goddess as she walked towards the car, she was of course fully aware of my gaze. 

I drive a low sports car, so getting in while wearing high heels and short tight skirt was is exactly easy, but Stacy made it look effortless.

"Hey girl" I said in a cheerful voice "you want to get us killed? How am I supposed to focus on the road?"

"I could always grab you hair and hold your head straight."

"I'm sure you could, but it'll have to wait. I've noticed that you had enjoyed the leg worship."

"What can I say? I'm fully aware of my legs."

"So is everyone else."

"I hope so!"

I maintained my eyes on the road, but I kept my right palm on Stacy's thigh and moved it only when I had to change the gear. We eventually reached my firm and got to work, I had reorganized my office, so that another desk would fit in it; at some point I might create a separate room for my assistant, but for now we would work together. 

The work progressed so much more efficiently with Stacy fulfilling some of the tasks, the overall atmosphere got pleasant as well. After few hours my assistant said:

"Maybe you should take a break, Samantha, and let me do the hard work?"

"Sound like a good idea."

"Take off your clothes, so you'll feel more relaxed."

What a vixen! I complied nevertheless. Stacy had a slightly different idea today, she sat by my desk and I knelt underneath it worshipping her stocking covered legs; the desk was large and open from both sides, so there was enough space for my to do that. At first glance one could think that hiring an assistant had not improved my situation, after all I was kneeling under my own desk dressed only in my sexy lingerie. But they would be wrong and it was Stacy who was right, this awkward "break" was truly relaxing for me; it was also arousing, but my assistant would take care of that later.

I was aware that we could not maintain that order of workday forever, but I was confident that a week or two was a reasonable amount of time. Just like during the previous day after I finished worshipping Stacy's legs I licked her pussy until she climaxed. She then returned the favor by first licking me and next fucking me hard with a huge strapon dildo; hair-pulling and ass-slapping were part of the sex again.

As we showered afterwards Stacy suggested:

"Maybe I could take part in your reward system as well? Not by getting anything more from you, but by rewarding the guys myself."

"I could never ask you to be fucked by almost strangers on weekly basis."

"Soon they won't be as strange" she replied with a wink "and I wasn't thinking about having sex, maybe number five could lick me as his reward, huh?"

"Sounds good. I'm sure the guy will appreciate it. You're the best business decision I've ever made."

"Thanks. I agree that we should keep our relationship strictly professional."

We both laughed.

I had always enjoyed my job, but now I was beginning to love it!