 Just two months ago I had my first lesbian sex. I would not say that I am a lesbian but it is fun and naughty. It all started when my hubby's brother and his wife were visiting. We went to a seedy little pub the other side of the town. It was every thing I hated about pubs, smoky, full of rowdy lads and girls dressed in very little, altogether a bit unpleasant.

To make matters worse a wet tee shirt compaction was announced and Jenny tried to persuade me to enter with her. The men joined in the chorus of persuasion until I nearly gave in. Luckily they announced the end of entries.

The men ogled the whole performance with Jenny egging them on. I sat with my back to the stage feeling uncomfortable. I did glance at the final line-up and I recognise the woman who came second as one who I see at the local shop. She has the better shape but she is smaller than the winner.

Later I went to the loo. The woman was changing out of her wet tee shirt. In just her panties she looked even more stunning.

"Hello, your Sue aren't you, you work at the Co-op?" She acknowledged. "I think you should have won, you have a lovely figure."

"Well! You know what men are like, big tits, that's all they want." She said and continued to dress.

The next day I went to the shop, Sue was buying cigarettes. We get talking and I discovered that she lived just around the corner. So as we walked back our chat became more personal and intimate. Kept thinking of her breasts as she told me more and more about her sex life. She was divorced and glad of it. However Sue had several lovers and her graphic detail got me quite aroused. She had done things I thought immoral but quite dangerous. 

"Men just want to maul my tits, they just cannot understand that I want them gently loved."

"Now- a woman might know how to love them."

"Have you ever made love to a woman?" I ask thinking it would stop her fascinating but disturbing accounts. She giggles "No, but I did come close once, Me and my boyfriend went back to his mate's house after a good drink. We were all very pissed and when Gerry suggested a game of strip poker we all ended up in just knickers. I found myself snogging with his mate, John, watching his girl giving Gerry one hell of a suck off. The two men pushed us two women closer until we touched. Her soft skin rubbed against mine, it got me even hornier and when she started to tough me up even whip my pants off I was ready to fuck her. Anyway I felt for John's stiffy - I had never had black cock and I was eager to find out if the myth was true...."

"Well - was it?"

"He was big but not that big. Anyway he pushed my face to his cock. Well! I was only eighteen - I had not sucked a cock before but I did not want to look an amateur so I set about giving him a blow job."

"What's it like ... doing that?"

"Oh! I love it now, but that time he shot his lot and as it hit my throat I gagged and ran to through up. After that I just sat and watched as Gerry and John shagged his girl in every way possible"

She looked me in the eyes "I haven't tried fucking a woman since then but I wouldn't mind.. If the right woman came along..." The look she gave me sent a quiver right through me.

"I have a gadgets party Friday, come along." I did not intend to go but when Friday came curiosity got the better of me.

I found the all female group was a lot of fun. As the wine was gulped back we all became less inhibited, some became very mischievous. We were all goaded into trying out the raunchy clothes, I thought I was safe in a black leather dress but the women egged me on to do a little dance.

Things got really out of control when Carol, a well build and very cheeky young housewife, picked up a very large vibrator.

"Ooo! Do you thing I could replace Des with this? It would be much more reliable!" 'Try it out!' became the chant of the group until she sat back on the sofa and started to unzip her jeans. Before the zip had reached the bottom of its travel two pair of eager hands were helping her off with the rest of her clothes. She struggled a bit but gave in, letting the two women strip her completely. 

One held her still while the other woman, Mary, ran the massive pink phallus over her body, lingering over her hardened nipples. Mary placed her vibrating plastic between Carol's breasts and Katy pressed her breasts around it. 

By this time I was getting very hot and the tight leather dress did not help. I glanced around, I was not the only one, most were just staring agog however a woman dressed in only a bask and black panties was furtively wanking off.

It got even more of a spectacle when Carol started to pull the clothes off the other two and the three started to get into wild kissing. Soon Carol was lying on the floor legs wide as Katy fucked her with the vibrator; Mary was snogging Carol and she was finger fucking her in return.

I found my hands slipping to my breasts and crutch and was shocked by my own reaction. This was proving too much for me. I went to the kitchen to get a glass of water. "That looked fun!" Sue had followed me. I tried to say that it was too much but I just stuttered something incomprehensible.

"Go on, your gagging for it, I saw your hands!" Sue came over to me, holding my gaze. She brought her face close to mine. I expected her to kiss me on the lips and prepared myself. I was shocked even taken aback when she kissed my eyes and my cheeks, and my nose. Then her mouth closed on mine, strange, wonderful sensations passed through me as she engaged me in a kiss. Sue held me tight, her strong arms wrapped around me. I had never kissed a woman before, but I found myself responding without questioning. I felt warm and willing in Sue's arms. The kiss became more and more passionate until our tongues danced deep in each others mouths.

Her fingers quickly undid the buttons at the top of the black leather dress. Just as quickly she had my breasts out of the bra cups and soon was sucking each nipple in turn. She turned me around to bend over the kitchen table, which made it easy for her to pull the dress to my waist. I wriggled my bottom as she pulled down my tights.

A moment later, her hand was in my panties, her fingers on my hardened bud. Our bodies heaved as we stroked each other frantically, until Sue turned me to face her and our lips came together, our tongues seeking, tantalising.

"Oh no not you two too!" I jumped with shock, I had forgotten that we were in the kitchen and others were about. Quickly pulled my clothes together and ran home.

The next day I needed to get my own clothes and return the dress. I put the dress into a carrier bag and went around to Sue's

"Oh you missed a lot, soon after you left three others went too but the rest of us settled into a good time. I had a real lessy snog with Shara, you know, the girl, can't be more than eighteen. Well I tell you she knows how to Dike! You know you alt to have that dress, it made you look absolutely fuckable, your hubby won't keep his hands off you. I would have difficulty too." Her eyes seemed to be undressing me. "You are a fucking good shogger." She started to walk towards me. "If the others had not been here you know that you would have fucked with me." She was now standing toe to toe. I closed my eyes and opened my mouth when she moved in for the kiss. This time I surrendered fully, kissing back with a wildly probing tongue. I was more turned on than I had been for years. Her hands were all over me.

As she began to undo the buttons on my blouse, I said: "No, not here, can we go to the bedroom!" She took me by the hand and led me upstairs. I watched her full rounded and sexy body move under her jeans and top drooling with anticipation.

In her bedroom she pulled me to her. Her hands moved to my breasts and began tweaking my taut nipples. I held her bum cheeks, pulling her towards me, crushing my mound against hers. Our lips parted and slowly Sue opened my blouse and pushed it over my shoulders and down my back to the floor. With ease she unhooked my bra and I let it slither down my body.

As she leaned back to remove her jumper, I started to tell her that I'd never made it with a woman before, but she just put her fingers to my lips, saying not to worry, I would enjoy it.

"Now get my jeans off!" They were tight but together I got them down and tossed them aside. She was all but naked, just a pair of little black tanga panties covered her.

We lay beside each other, pressing close together for a while, then Sue pushed me over on my back. Her lips moved down over my breasts, taking each nipple in turn between her teeth, then sucking hard and sending spasms of pleasure through every part of me. I held her left breast, squeezing it as I felt her hand move down over my tummy.

My pussy was so wet my panties were soaked through. Lifting my skirt up to my navel, Sue held the waistband of my panties and pulled tightly, making the crotch disappear between the folds of my aching quim. She kept pulling and releasing, the friction making me moan with delight, while at the same time her lips were licking and nibbling at each breast in turn.

I placed my feet flat on the ground, lifted my bottom up, wanting her to take off my panties. As she did so, I slipped my hand between her legs and inside her panties finding her clitty, and pinching gently between thumb and four-finger. She gasped with pleasure, her tongue flicking this way and that.

When she began tweaking my clitty I got so hot I was squirming, moaning, my body throbbing under her knowing hands.

Suddenly, Sue moved away. She looked at me smiling, "God, I want you so much," she said and rolled me over to get to the catch of my skirt. She slipped it of and I took hold of her panties. As I pulled them down she fanned shyness and we wrestled until I had managed to drag them to her feet.

For a moment we lay naked, gazing at each other's bodies then ran our hands over each other's naked flesh. "You're beautiful." she said.

"So are you." I told her, and we both laughed a little. Like the hair on her head, the hair between her long legs was thick and black and covered a much larger area then my own. It was so beautiful I could not take my eyes off it. Reaching out to her, I placed both hands between her thighs, sliding my fingers through her wet furrow, up over her swollen clitty. There was something very exciting, a sort of electric sexual tension between us making us pant with desire.

Sue then pushed me on to my back and spread my legs wide, taking my pussy firmly between her lips, urgently sucking while her hands travelled up and down my thighs.

My love juice ran freely. My body tingled as I moved my mound against her, urging her to suck faster. I felt her hands prise my bum cheeks apart, then her tongue was on my anus, jabbing and licking, making me moan with delight. I ran my hands through her hair, wanting her more than anything I had ever wanted.

She began licking me all over, her tongue moving from my tight hole, through the wet folds of my quim and then flicking at my rampant clit. My body heaved, bouncing up and down, and as she slipped a finger into my anus I cried out with pleasure, arching my back, then pulling Sue onto me.

She fell on me wildly, squeezing and biting my heaving breasts, driving her pussy against mine with such a force that we both babbled like idiots, thrashing wildly about each other, screaming, as our pleasure heightened, rolling over and over on the bed as we reached our peak.

Finally, with one last thrust we locked our tangled bodies together as we crashed through our orgasms in unison, clinging to each other as we travelled into a weightless world. I wanted it to continue forever, the beautiful light-headedness, the wonderful warmth flowing between our legs, Sue's mouth on mine. How I loved her. I had never tasted anything like it. Her body seemed like a part of me I had found after a long, long search, and I clung to her, not wanting us to part. We drifted into sleep like that.

I do not know how long we slept for but I woke to the sensation of lips and hands on my most intimate and sensitive parts. Sue was on her knees in front of me, taking my sex bud between her lips. Her tongue brought such instant sensations, all I could do was pull her head harder into my crotch. Her hands caressing every pore. Wetting her finger on my flooding cunt, she slipped her middle finger into my anus.

Then her thumb moved into me, and with her expert fingers squeezing and probing, the palm of her hand pressing hard on my juicy mound, I began to get dizzy. My breath came in gasps. I started muttering all kinds of things to Sue, urging her faster and faster until my knees buckled under me with the force of orgasm. My body tingled all over as I fell backwards, clasping my legs tight together, trapping Sue's sensitive fingers inside and holding her tight to me until my throbbing limbs subsided and the last of my love juice seeped out over her slowing hand.

We stayed like that for a long time, just kissing each other, looking into each other's eyes. Then I pushed Sue onto her back, and taking both her legs over my shoulders, I placed my tongue under her hot rigid clitty and began flicking rapidly upwards - at he same time working two fingers along the puffy folds of her quim.

Sue pulled my left hand to her breasts as I continued to rub my fingers each side of her hairy entrance, sometimes allowing my middle finger to plough through her juices. I opened my mouth wide and, taking as much of her pussy mound as I could, sucked hard on her sex button, making her shiver all over. Her heels hammered on my back as I slowly pushed my well-lubricated finger into her bum hole and began lapping my tongue hungrily along the entrance to her tunnel.

Sue was squirming beneath me as I drove my tongue deep into her, wrapping my arms around her, holding tight as she thrashed her arms about, groaning and fighting for breath until finally, screaming her orgasm to the world, her body released its lock on me and she fell limp.

However we had to, my husband would be home soon and dinner must be on the table.