 It was one of those typical Saturday afternoons - Terri and I were sitting in her kitchen talking about girl stuff. We had been best friends for about a year. Our husbands worked at the same advertising agency. They were off golfing and her and I were catching up.

Like normal, after a while, the conversation turned to sex. Her and her husband had a normal sex life same as me and my husband. We usually talked about what we liked, what our husbands did good or bad and even fantasies. She started telling me about the porn movie she found stashed in the closet the other day. From the sound of it, it seemed to be really exotic. I could tell that she was embarrassed a little – telling me about some of the parts of the movie. I was getting horny. Especially when she started talking to me about the “girl/girl” scene.

“…and then,” she paused for a second and cleared her throat, “these two girls,” pausing again, “well…they had this dildo… and one girl… she strapped it around her waist and… you know… had sex with the other one.”

I had always fantasized about being with another woman. Especially, to be fucked by one with a dildo. I was starting to get wet as she was telling me about it. “You’ve never seen that before?”

“Not like that,” she added. “I mean, I’ve seen porn movies before and I’ve seen two women go at it… but this… this was something else.”

My mind began racing. Suddenly I was imagining what it would be like to be with Terri. She continued to talk to me – but I just sat there nodding. My heart was beating faster and faster. All I could think about was how I was going to try and get Terri to invite me to watch the movie with her. I didn’t want to sound too forward or to freak her out. “So… what’s the name of this movie?”

“Oh, uh… something like Golden,” she fished around in her head for the title, “ no, wait… something like,” she trailed off. “I can’t remember. But I can show you if you really want.”

My heart jumped. What was I doing? I was actually anxious! My mouth got dry I’m sure that I was flush. “Sure,” with a crackle in my voice.

As we left the table and headed back to her bedroom – I couldn’t help but notice what a perfect ass she had. I was getting more a more turned on just by watching her walk down the hall. I felt drunk with excitement. When we got to the bedroom she pointed to the bed and told me to have a set while she got it out of the closet. I took a deep breath and sat down.

Once Terri got the movie from the closet she popped it in the DVD player and grabbed the remote. She came and sat down beside me on the bed and pressed play. She fumbled around trying to find the scene with the two girls. After searching around for a few minutes I told her just to play it from the beginning. I could swear she grinned at me.

The room got dead silent when the first scene came on. It was a guy and girl. This was so exciting – but I still couldn’t figure out how I was going to get Terri to go any further than just watching the movie. About half way through the scene Terri piped in “this is boring – let’s skip to the next one.”

The next scene was two guys and one girl. I was boiling with sexual desires at about this time. I started licking my lips as I watched those two girls giving head to a really nice looking cock. “That would be fun,” Terri said softly. I looked over at her and could see the lust in her eyes. She smiled at me. “This is pretty good huh?”

“Yeah,” was about all I could say. I was transfixed on the screen. Imagining that it was me and Terri down there sucking up that guys cock. When the two girls starting playing with each other I heard Terri sigh. She had crossed her legs and were rubbing them together. She’s really getting off on this I thought.

As the scene got hotter and hotter Terri sat back in her bed and invited me to join her. I wasn’t sure what was making more horny – the fact that we were watching the movie or that we were laying next to each other in her bed.

I noticed a few minutes later, when the guy was fucking one of the girls and the other girl was sitting on her face, that one of her hands were resting in her lap. I started watching her out of the corner of my eye. Sure enough, I could she her hand gently rubbing her pussy. She was masturbating! And right beside me. The scene had now changed to both girls sucking the guy off again as he was getting ready to cum. I noticed that her hand was moving faster now and I swear I heard her let out a moan when he came on their faces.

“Oh, here’s it is!” She said adjusting herself. “This is what I was telling you about.”

The two girls on the screen wasted no time at all. They quickly stripped down and started eating each other out. Again Terri’s hand went to her lap and began rubbing. I was so excited by this time too that I decided what the hell and put my hand in my lap. I almost jumped when I touched myself. My pussy was so hot and so wet. One eye was on the TV and the other eye on Terri’s hand. She wasn’t hiding it any longer. She was moving her hand up and down the entire length of her crotch. As my hand worked my pussy over my clothes I was nearing a wonderful orgasm.

“Look!” she shouted – and I jumped. “There it is.”

She was referring to one of the girls on the screen who was pulling up the strap-on. The other girl got to her knees and starting licking the fake cock. As she worked it in and out of her mouth I noticed that Terri was starting to fumble with her shorts. Quickly she pulled off her shorts and panties and tossed them off of the bed. “God this is exciting,” Terri moaned.

I turned and looked at Terri and she looked back at me. “I hope you don’t mind – it’s just that I’m so close to cumming.” I just smiled and watched as she slide her fingers inside of her wet pussy. I could smell the sex in the air and my pussy was aching to be exposed. I too stripped down so I could play with myself as I watched her.

She lifted her blouse and pulled one of her breast free from her bra. She pinched them and rubbed them while she circled her clit. Her eyes were closed and I could tell that she was just about to cum. Without even thinking about it I bent my head down to her wonderful breast and ran my tongue over her erect nipple. She let out a loud moan and started shaking. I rapped my lips around her breast and sucked it in. I took as much of her into my mouth. “Oh God! Suck my tits! Yeah, I’m going to cum!”

Her body started to jerk back and forth and she moaned louder and louder. I moved my hand down to her burning wet pussy and slipped a finger into her. Her eyes flew open and her chest pushed against my mouth. Her pussy felt so good. It was dripping wet. I needed to taste her. My mouth was watering as I kissed my way down to her pussy. The second my tongue meet her pussy she exploded again. She grabbed my face and started grinding. Her juices were smeared all over my face. My God it was wonderful. My tongue was in heaven. She tasted so good – I just couldn’t get enough. I stuck my tongue as deep as I could into her and began fucking her. Meanwhile my fingers played with her enlarged clit. When I felt that she was going to cum again I switched – sticking two fingers deep inside her and licking her clit as fast as I could. I was so excited that I found myself humping the bed to my first orgasm of the day.

Finally, Terri grabbed my head and pulled me up to her face. She kissed me like no one had ever kissed me before. Our tongues danced in each others mouth while our hands explored our bodies. She rolled me over onto my back, sat on top of me and yanked my blouse over my head. Immediately she dove to my neck. Kissing me all over. Her lips were soft. I’d never been kissed like that. My blood pressure was rising and my tits ached to be set free and sucked. She reached around and undid my bra setting my 34 C breast free. Wasting no time – she planted her mouth around my tits. Sucking hard, licking me all over and biting my nipples. She was driving me crazy. My hands were running in her hair and holding her head to my breasts. She stopped suddenly and looked up at me. “Does that feel good, Susan? Do you want me to lick your pussy?” 

“Yes,” I screamed. “Please! Oh God I need to you!” 

Still looking at me she stared kissing me down my flat stomach – teasing me. Once she got to my pubic hair she swirled her tongue in it. I couldn’t stand it. My hips were lifting off the bed – wanting her to continue downward – to eat my pussy! Just then, she looked back up at me with a wicked smile – “I’ve been waiting a long time to do this!”

She suck out her tongue and ran it down my slit. I though I was going to come out of my skin – it felt sooooo good. Even if she’d never done this before – she sure did know exactly what to do. First she licked down to my hole and then gently inserted it. Then licking back up to my clit – just lightly brushing up against it. Lightning was shooting up through my spin. As she moved her tongue around my clit I could feel her fingers starting to penetrate me. Oh how I like to be finger fucked. She slide her middle finger in as deep as she could then curled it up looking for my G-Spot. That was all it took – the second she found it I started cumming all over her. She licked my clit to perfection! I came over and over. God it felt good.

After fucking me to 4 or 5 orgasms she made her way back to my lips and we kissed for what seemed like hours. We collapsed into each others arms – lips burning, pussies tingling, and hearts pounding. That is until we heard the front door open.

(KISS) Susan