 This is the final chapter of Suburban Submission - although probably not the last story about Jenny and her 'friends'. Sorry it's been a while coming... For those of you who've been so supportive, I hope it was worth waiting for... 

Jenny picked at the salad she had made herself for lunch. She didn't have too much appetite - her stomach felt like it was turning cartwheels. 

Three days before, she had recovered a number of photos, videos and prints - material her neighbour Karen had used to blackmail her to do any number of twisted things.  Over the previous week, Jenny had been stripped, paraded and degraded; made to lick and pleasure several strangers, both women and men. She had given her husband both oral and anal sex; not because she wanted to but because she had been told to. And then she had been forced to cheat on him, to be fucked by another man. 

Until Karen had had her fuck another man, Jenny had been confused about what she was feeling. She had found herself craving the servitude, the pleasure she had found in debasing herself. But she still loved her husband.

When Karen had left home in a hurry to see her sick mother, Jenny had seized the moment, tricked her way into Karen's house and stolen the blackmail materials Karen had been holding over her head. 

And since then, she had been twisted inside. Why? Was it fear? Guilt? Anticipation?

Every other morning, Karen had called by now and taken her away. But not since then, of course.

On Friday, Jenny had caught up on the housework she had skipped all week; cleaning and baking all morning. And the weekend had been filled by family. But now on Monday morning she had nothing left to distract her from the gnawing empty feeling she had inside.

Jenny finished her lunch and wandered the house vaguely thinking her confused thoughts, picking up the kids' discarded clothes and bits of rubbish. Until in a second, her composure disappeared as the doorbell chimed.

Was it Karen? What would she do? What would she, Jenny do? She trembled slightly, stepping softly through the house to sneak up on the door. She ducked, bringing her eye up to the walleye. 

Outside stood a young red-headed woman, beautiful and slim, dressed in a thin white blouse and short skirt. Jenny almost laughed in relief. It was a girl she had - well, 'met' is kind of the wrong word. A girl she had known as 'Miss Quick', and who had brought her to several orgasms.

Jenny took a deep breath, and swept her fingers through her hair. She shook her head as if trying to clear it. What was this girl doing here? And what was her name? Oh yes, wasn't it Tessa?

Jenny opened the door, and Tessa's face lit up with a broad smile. She wore soft touches of subtle makeup, with pink lip gloss, mascara and powder-blue eye-shadow.

"Hi! Jenny, it's good to see you." said Tessa cheerily, giving her a hug.  Jenny hugged her back, her heart fluttering as their bodies pressed against each other. Although the younger by ten years, Tessa was just a little taller than Jenny, and her high boobs pressed into Jenny's much larger pair.

"Ah, Tessa... Good to see you" said Jenny truthfully, if a little awkwardly. The truth was that she really had wanted to see this woman again. She had had dreams and fantasies about kneeling before her, her head between the other woman's legs...

Tessa's smile broadened, and she looked truly beautiful. She stepped in, and let Jenny close the door.

"I've been wanting to see you again," said Tessa in a low, sexy voice. Her arm snaked around the older woman's waist as they walked further into the house, and Jenny's heart skipped. "I called Karen to ask her permission, and she said she was away from home, and I should come on over for the afternoon."

Jenny's eyebrows rose. Karen had told Tessa to come over? Did she know Jenny had taken the pictures? Were they both still expecting her to do what they wanted? And if this beautiful girl told her to take her clothes off and play...would she do it?

Jenny made them both tea which probably neither of them really wanted; however she was nervous about how to begin a casual conversation with this younger, but more confident woman who had licked her to multiple orgasm on their first and only prior meeting. Tessa though, certainly didn't believe in beating about the bush; almost immediately bringing up the subject of their unusually intimate knowledge of each other.

"So, I guess you haven't been with Karen very long then," said Tessa, sitting down on a leather couch. Jenny sat next to her, their bare knees almost touching as they turned to face one another.

"Um..." started Jenny, blushing deeply "'With' her?"

Tessa smiled , biting her lower lip. "You know...doing what she wants..."

"Um, no. Just a few days actually."

"Wow, really? You must be a real natural then." came the younger girl's surprised answer.

Jenny went quiet, turning away.

"Hey," said Tessa softly, gently bringing her hand up to Jenny's cheek. "I'm sorry. I wasn't making fun, really. I'm the same - I like to give up control too. I do whatever Dee wants, you know."

Jenny turned back to her, looking sad. "But why? Why do we enjoy it?"

The younger woman shrugged. "I don't know - it's just part of who I am. Dee brought it out of me, and it's an important part of my life. You can do the same, you know."

"But I'm married, Tessa!"

"So? I'm married too, you know. And feeling fulfilled like I am, I'm going to stay married too. You know how many marriages end in divorce these days?" 

Tessa took Jenny's hands in her own. "Look, Jenny. I met a woman last week who was enjoying what she was doing. Who could see the beauty in another woman, and the pleasure to be had there. A woman I wanted to be with, just the two of us... Now, you can tell me I'm wrong, but you can't hide from yourself, and if you try you'll wind up unhappy. Maybe still married, but maybe not."

Jenny still looked unhappy. "But I'll still have to lie to my husband."

Tessa nodded. "It's the price you pay for security. Most men won't accept their wives doing this - it's a threat to their masculinity, even if they're your only man. I've never told my husband, and I never will. I love him too much, even if I need his mother to satisfy me. So I feel guilty, so that he can feel safe."

Jenny bit her lip. "So, this is it? I just give up to doing what Karen wants for the rest of my life?"

"If it's Karen you want. But you can negotiate this stuff. Just don't do it naked, because that's when she's in control. Is it Karen you want?" came Tessa's response. She was leaning forward, just a few inches away now.

Jenny looked openly at Tessa's pretty face; the high cheekbones, the full lips so close to her own. The soft, non-judgemental eyes now holding her gaze.

"I don't know" Jenny began, leaning forward towards Tessa without realising she was doing it. "I... I want..."

Their lips met; first softly and then pressing hard against each other. Their hands moved to pull them together, fingers sliding into each other's hair as they kissed passionately. 

Two pairs of lips pressed firmly against each other; opening to allow tongues to slide between them, delicately exploring each other's mouths. They kissed and caressed each other like teenagers at a drive-in; the mom-of-two and her twenty-something friend.

For several minutes, the only sounds were soft moans, the panting of heavy breathing, the rustle of clothing. Finally, Jenny took the next move. Her hands were squeezing Tessa's pert breasts through her blouse, and she wanted more. She moved back so she could use both hands, quickly unfastening her young lover's white blouse. Underneath were Tessa's beautiful young breasts, clad in a soft white lacy bra; her pink nipples just visible though the translucent material. Jenny just stared for a minute as Tessa shrugged off the blouse, reaching behind to unfasten the bra. In just a few seconds, she lay back, tossing the brassiere onto the floor and raising her hands above her had to flaunt the soft perfection of her bosom.

As Jenny stared, her hands reached out to caress Tessa's breasts, lifting them up towards her chin, gently tugging on the nipples as they swelled. Tessa smiled, squirming slightly, and Jenny's composure melted, her head coming down to close her mouth about the hard nipple of Tessa's right breast. She sucked gently, teasing it with her teeth and tongue as she caressed the second breast with her hand. 

Tessa moaned softly as Jenny sucked and caressed her sensitive breasts, her back arching off the couch with desire. Jenny hardly noticed; her eyes closed as she softly closed her teeth, capturing a hard nipple between them, and stroking it with her hungry tongue. One hand slid under Tessa's arched back, unconsciously supporting her as the other left the firm breast, and began sliding down her firm young body.

Tessa smiled as Jenny's hand slid down over her flat stomach, and caressed it. Jenny's fingers probed at the waistband of her skirt, but this was too tight for even a single finger to slide beneath, and after a minute the fingers moved on. Tessa's legs parted willingly as Jenny's fingers drifted down, and curled underneath the short skirt, which had ridden up to what would have been a very indecent length in any other circumstance.

Jenny looked over Tessa's body, enjoying exploring it. She released the engorged nipple she had been teasing, and moved on to the other one as her fingers reached the junction of Tessa's thighs. She stroked the junction where thigh met pubis sensually, producing a moan from her young lover. Tessa wore nothing beneath her short skirt. Teasingly, Jenny stroked her fingers upwards and across, roaming across the naked flesh under the tiny skirt. Her fingers ran through the neatly trimmed red pubic hair at the base of Tessa's stomach, avoiding the moist opening beneath. Slowly, her fingers began to stroke up and across; back and forth up and down the sensitive inner thighs but each time artfully avoiding touching the swollen lips of Tessa's pussy. Eventually, Tessa could stand the teasing no longer, and had to act; grabbing at Jenny's hand she pulled it to the midline. Tessa took Jenny's fingers and pushed them deep into her own sopping pussy with a deep groan.

For several moments, Jenny thrust her fingers roughly in and out of Tessa's soaking pussy, till the younger woman let out a mighty cry, thrusting her pelvis up against the invading digits. Jenny curled her fingers slightly, keeping them inserted until Tessa's orgasm had faded; then as the girl looked at her through half-closed eyes, Jenny pulled the fingers out and pushed them into her own mouth, sucking at Tessa's juices with relish.

Jenny's other hand busied itself pulling at her own buttons, and in a minute her own blouse was gaping, and shrugged off. She stood for a moment, stripping her remaining clothes as quickly as possible, until she stood naked before her young lover, who was still bathing in the afterglow of orgasm.

Tessa realigned herself as Jenny knelt down between her legs, and now lay propped up against the back of the couch. She lifted her bottom as Jenny pulled at the waist of the tiny skirt, then lifted her legs together so it could be removed entirely. They came back down either side of the petite but curvaceous blonde, spread as wide as they would go. The two women were finally naked together again, and Tessa watched in pride and glee as her sexy older lover slowly knelt forward to lick her pussy.

Jenny pressed her face into Tessa's hot pussy with a groan, inhaling the pungent, musky aroma of Tessa's arousal. Her tongue slipped out, taking a broad sweep over Tessa's swollen pussy lips, savouring the gooey liquid that oozed between them. She licked away, bringing up her hand to slide two fingers between the hot lips, gently frigging her lover whilst enjoying the tastes of her.

For a few minutes, the room was quiet except for the sounds of heavy breathing, soft moans, and a rhythmic squelching as Jenny's fingers teased Tessa's G-spot. Tessa's moans began to get louder, and she grabbed at Jenny's hand again, jerking it back and forth vigorously to bring on her own climax. Jenny kept licking throughout, until Tessa's breathing settled again, cleaning the sticky secretions from her lovers pussy lips with relish.

Jenny rose unsteadily onto the edge of the sofa and sat next to Tessa, reaching out to cuddle the younger woman to her breast as she snuggled down. The two of them lay back, holding each other tenderly, exchanging kisses and murmured endearments.

-----

"So, you enjoyed that?" said Jenny with a smile. Tessa lifted her head from Jenny's breast and looked at her, smiling like the cat that had got the cream.

"What do you think?" she purred in a sexy voice.

Jenny giggled, as Tessa lifted herself up to kiss her lips, tasting her own juices on the older woman's lips. Their tongues tangled, writhing around each other as they fenced inside Jenny's warm mouth.

Quickly, they got more passionate in their kissing, hands running across each others bodies. Jenny marvelled at Tessa's firm but yielding flesh; her pert breasts and buttocks, her tight, flat stomach. Tessa giggled as she explored Jenny's older body, far more curvaceous than her own. Naked, Jenny's breasts hung slightly, and flattened considerably when she lay on her back. But they were still a bountiful, sensual handful, topped with erect brown nipples. Tessa caressed them with both hands, nuzzling between them. Slowly, she kissed her way down Jenny's soft, but still flat stomach, until her lips were moving over the smoothness where days ago there had been a full bush of golden hair.

Now, their positions from a few minutes ago were reversed, and Jenny spread her legs widely as Tessa lay between them. Tessa's experienced tongue slipped out, and probed hungrily at Jenny's wet nude slit, teasing the delicate lips before sliding between them. Jenny moaned, her thighs clamping about Tessa's head almost involuntarily. As she licked at Jenny's moistness, one of Tessa's hands slid up to grab at the heavy breasts above her, squeezing it roughly before more gently stroking the nipple.

Jenny groaned again as Tessa's skilled tongue began to bring her closer to the edge. She held Tessa's head with her left hand, the right hand playing with her free breast as Tessa toyed with the other.

"mmmh...oooooh.....oooh!" she murmured sexily. "Oh God, keep going. Keep licking me, please. Aaaah... Please don't stop" 

Tessa didn't need the encouragement, her tongue deep inside Jenny's moist tunnel. She loved this, the feeling of power power and submission. The knowledge of what you were doing to someone, bringing them helplessly to the brink of orgasm. As she sensed Jenny was getting close, she slowed her movements; teasing out the last few seconds before orgasm, till Jenny was begging her to finish.

"Oh please...please....please make me come...please, Tessa" Jenny cried.

Tessa smiled with satisfaction, hidden between Jenny's firm thighs, and returned her stroking tongue to the faster movements she had used before. In moments, Jenny came, bucking in the couch as her thighs crushed Tessa's head.

As the waves of pleasure rolled over her, Jenny relaxed. She felt Tessa moving, and a warm, soft, naked body move against hers before wet lips pressed against her own. Jenny sucked hungrily at the kiss, taking in her own moist juices; savouring the taste of her own arousal.

The two women lay together, enjoying the tastes on each other's lips, and the yielding curves of each other's bodies. Jenny smiled, and sighed gently with satisfaction. Tessa giggled at Jenny's happy appearance, enjoying the appearance of pleasure on her older lover's face.

"You look happy," the young red-head giggled, a little smugly. There was something deliciously kinky, she thought to herself, in making love to a woman almost old enough to be her mother, even one as beautiful as Jenny. Not that Tessa was any stranger to pleasuring older women - far from it...

"Mmmmh." Jenny murmured, smiling. She wrapped her arms around Tessa's back, pulling her close for a hug. Their bodies pressed close together, legs entangled. The two women kissed softly.

After a few minutes, Tessa slid back, and pulled herself up to stand. Jenny lay back, admiring the tight lines of the younger woman's slender body. Tessa's high firm breasts stood proudly on her chest, the nipples still a little swollen. Tessa had a strange look in her eye, looking up and down Jenny's own body with interest, and a soft smile.

"God, you're so sexy" murmured the younger girl. "I so want to play with you."

Jenny looked at her warmly. This girl was so beautiful, so sexy. And she wanted her. What harm could it do, she thought to herself. How much pleasure could they have together? She smiled, looking Tessa in the eye. "Then let's play," she said with warmth.

Tessa turned, showing Jenny her high, pert bottom as she sauntered over to the open-plan kitchen. Naked, she investigated the fridge, and cupboards, assembling a small tray of toys. She turned on the radio to a smooth classics station Jenny knew, which played nothing but love songs

Jenny sat up, and slowly stood as she watched the industrious redhead approach with a tray. Scattered on it were honey, cream, olive oil, bananas, a cucumber and a couple of chocolate bars.

Jenny raised an eyebrow at the smiling girl in front of her. "And what exactly do you propose we do with those?" she asked with a wry smile.

Tessa smiled warmly, and sauntered closer...

---

Tessa led Jenny into the middle of the brightly sunlit room, putting the tray down on a small table. She handed Jenny a hair-tie, telling her to put her hair back. Tessa picked up the bottle of olive oil, pouring out a small handful of oil. 

"You're so beautiful," said Tessa smiling. "I love the way your body looks, especially when it's gleaming, like when we covered you in suntan oil."

Jenny nodded, remembering the feeling of having four women caressing her body, exploring every curve. Now, she felt Tessa's hands doing the same again. It was less intense, but just as arousing; with the more personal touch of this single woman arousing her in ways even several strangers couldn't match. Tessa's hands slid over her shoulders, and the front of her chest. They swept around her breasts, playfully teasing the erect nipples. 

After teasing her nipples to full erection, Tessa used a series of quick, broad sweeps up and down Jenny's body, disappointing her a little with Tessa's businesslike methods. Once she had efficiently anointed the majority of Jenny's skin however, Tessa developed a softer, more gentle touch. She began to stroke up and down Jenny's inner thighs, gently teasing her. Tessa stroked the curves of Jenny's thighs, and her buttocks, all the while carefully avoiding Jenny's waiting pussy. Jenny sighed softly, half with disappointment, and half with anticipation.

Tessa stroked Jenny's flanks, arms, shoulders and ears; gently caressing her and planting kisses wherever she passed. Standing in front of Jenny, Tessa kissed her gently on the lips, before planting her hands on Jenny's shoulders and pushing downwards. Jenny sank to her knees willingly, kneeling up like a penitent subject before her queen, knees together and thighs vertical. She looked up at Tessa eagerly, happy to follow the younger girl's lead.

Tessa stood closer to Jenny; her naked breasts just above Jenny's eye-level. She lifted a jug of cream, and slowly poured it onto the upper curves of one of her pert breasts. The cream slid down over her nipple, dripping down onto Jenny's upper body. Jenny lifted herself up, lapping the thick cream from Tessa's erect nipple. Slowly, she sucked at the warm, spongy tissue; teasing it with her teeth and tongue. Tessa moaned, moving the jug to pour onto her other breast. Jenny shifted her position obediently, suckling at Tessa's high breasts.
