 I remember the first time she slipped her hand between my legs. It felt so naughty and exciting. I met Jenny when we were introduced by our boyfriends a few months before. I was never sexually attracted to her but that night we'd been drinking, just her and I, and I guess you could say we got adventurous.

We were watching a movie that ended up having way more hardcore sex scenes than we expected. It was a little uncomfortable during the movie. I wanted to just relax and enjoy the swelling sensation of my pussy but it didn't seem right to get turned on while watching a movie with a friend. I remember hoping she wouldn't smell how wet I was getting. I glance over at her and she seemed to be just as taken by the scene of a man bringing a woman to orgasm with his tongue.

When the movie ended I actually considered going for a cold shower. It would give me a chance to collect myself and change my panties. I didn't leave the couch though cause deep down I knew that as soon as I closed the bathroom door i'd have two fingers in my hole and two on my clit. I looked forward to Mike getting back the next night from his ski trip. He was going to get lucky.

"What a sexy film! I'm so horny. Are you as turned on as I am? I need a man inside me right now."

It took me a while to reply. Yes that was exactly how I felt but I didn't want her to know that. I was a little relieved though that I wasn't the only one who needed to fan the fire.

"Yeah I feel like I'm on fire."

I recoiled at how I had said that. It was so obvious. I was practically shaking with desire and I could feel my nipples hardening through my shirt. Jenny looked right at me with a lusty smile.

"If Dan were here right now he'd be fucking my brains out."

I couldn't believe she said that, Jenny doesn't usually sound so coarse.

"Eww! I'd be outta here in a flash." 

"You mean you wouldn't stay and watch?", she said playfully.

I thought about it for a sec and realized that watching her get fucked would do nothing to quell the achy wetness between my legs. We were definitely starting to cross a line. Talking about sex is always fun and I'd had intimate conversations before with my friends about experiences with our boyfriends or whatever. But I'd never really been so aroused at the same time. Just knowing that she was probably as wet as I was made be feel ok about sharing the experience with her.

"To tell you the truth Jenny I'm so horny right now I don't think I would be able to just watch."

I couldn't believe I had said it. I probably blushed and looked over at the movie credits. Jenny had a sip of wine and looked over at me.

"What would you do? Would you touch yourself?"

I pulled my eyes off the tv and looked straight at her. I didn't know what to say but hearing her say those words gave me a rush. I wanted to touch myself right then and there but I couldn't tell her that. She broke the silence.

"I'm not a lesbian and your not a lesbian but right now I need to take my jeans off and relief myself with an orgasm right here on your couch. I would feel much more comfortable if you did the same thing too."

I was shocked. Before I even realized I was doing it my sweats were off my ankles and on the carpet. She followed suit and I noticed her underwear went with the pants. She was naked from the waist down and I could see how smooth her skin was as she sat back down with her hand between her legs.

I felt a little awkward and something had to be said.

"I can't believe we're doing this. You aren't going to tell anyone are you? Should we rewind the movie a bit?"

"I won't tell anyone if you don't. Yeah go back to the scene where she sits on him in the hospital."

I had one hand on the rewind button while the other slipped under the elastic of my panties. My middle finger slowly spread my cum over my clitoris until I found the scene and let it play. 

I looked over at Jenny and she had a glazed look of lust as she watched the screen. As I stuck my finger deep inside myself I imagined how she must be feeling the same pleasure too. Suddenly I wanted her to climax as much as I did.

She caught how I was looking at her out of the corner of her eye. We stared at each other with lust for a few minutes as we rubbed ourselves. Then she started to cum. I watched her face as she rocked her hips back and forth over her fist and cried out. I quickened the pace of my own pleasuring. I smiled at her and threw my head back against the couch. With my eyes closed I could replay her release in my mind.

Suddenly I could feel her right beside me. She'd sidled up to me and was gently holding back my wrist to signal that I should stop my frantic touch.

I was a bit taken aback. The feel of her hot skin against my leg and the electricity of having her so close in my state made me feel numb with lust. I was under her complete control.

That's when she slipped her hand over my thigh and right into my sex for the first time. Her middle finger didn't waste any time stretching right up inside me. At first I felt it was a violation but it felt so good I knew it was welcome. I was about to say something but she blocked my mouth with a kiss. Her tongue reached for mine and all I could do was follow her lead. Her finger slowly rubbed in and out of me as we shared a messy frantic kiss.

I started to lose control really quickly. My overwhelming desire to cum came to a head when her palm started to press into my clit. I bucked and twisted my hips involuntarily. I tried to resist the orgasm as long as possible but I finally gave up and let myself release in her hand. My pussy clenched her finger with each wet throb and I thought it would never end. It was the most intense sexual experience I've ever had.