 Most of you know, Blue and I don't wear clothes, inside or outside. We love being naked with each other...it makes me oh-so-very hot for her!

I love the way she looks, and she makes me VERY hot just looking at her, of course. But, it makes me horny as fuck for her to look at my body...she gets that hungry look in her eyes. I love being the woman who gets to fuck her. I love being her hot slutty lover who makes her cum over and over any time she wants...she is such an exquisite lover, and can make me cum forever!

Sometimes, she straddles my body and I use my fingers to make her cum many times, then I get to wear her cum on my body. 

She rubs it around on me and plays with it, then POURS a lot of musk oil all over me. It smells so fucking good! 

Aaaaaaaaaand that just makes her want me more...very good, because I want HER 24/7...

She loves to come to me and rub her body on mine, her arms around me, her hands holding my ass, her lips to my ear...

"Your baby needs you bad...soooooooo fucking bad. Please be my perfect playtoy and eat me without stopping? Please?"

I'm SUCH a hot whore for her...I love eating her pretty pussy for hours on end. If I'm already covered with her cum, I LOVE her cum flowing into my mouth. It's so fucking hot...and it stays hot while I swallow it...letting it slide down my throat while I'm still sucking her, not letting up on her....devouring her to get enough of her...

...and her cum, I'm sure, filling my tummy. Oooooooooo...it makes my tummy feel sooooooo nice and warm...

Fuck...I want more. Much more...and she fucks her swollen pussy at my lips, her body begging for more of my mouth...trembling, her thigh muscles quivering... 

I love giving her all the hard screaming orgasms she wants. She can pull my hair as hard as she needs to. It doesn't hurt me...maybe that's how she makes me cum without touching myself while eating her...hmmmmm...

She says it feels DAMN good when I scream into her pussy while I cum like that. And if she is cumming at the same time? 

Oh my goodness...sucking her luscious cum from her burning pussy, gulping it down my throat, her body in out-of-control orgasm while I cum so fucking hard? Oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh............

That's why I will happily fuck her with my mouth for as long as she wants...

When my Blue, my hot lady, has had enough, she slips her hands under my arms to lovingly pull me on top of her. I let her, but not before gathering the last of her cum into my mouth with my tongue. I slide up her body and kiss her very deeply, sharing her cum with her...she purrs hotly and whimpers for me while our tongues play with her cum...our lips slide and suck, her cum 

spilling from her mouth. I love to lick it from her cheeks and her neck...

My pussy oooooozes cum onto her pussy...

And throbs hard...

Hot little mini-spasms shoot through my body...

Noooooooooo...we are not getting out of bed today...we both want soooooooo much more of each other.

As I write this, Blue has been licking my inner thighs, and she now has her mouth wide open very close to my pussy, her teeth 

against my smooth inner thigh and threatening to bite me...

She will do it, too..

My baby sucked my big, swollen butterfly lips into her mouth. I could feel my pussy feeding her all my juices, throbbing hard inside her mouth while she sucked me, trying to get all of me...and making my body spasm hard, all my muscles tight...

Her mouth was making such sexy, wet sucking sounds! That made me even more wet for her and my juices poured into her mouth...she made me scream every time her mouth squeezed my pussy while she swallowed.

My sweet Blue pushed her face harder between my legs, pushing my body. I had my hands against the headboard, struggling to keep my body in place for her. She hotly growled into my pussy and grabbed my body, devouring me...I screamed in return...

"EAT ME FUCK FUCK FUCK CUMMING!"

Blue caused a HUGE earthquake to take over my body! From the inside out, my orgasm hit hard...my baby held onto me, holding my legs apart, and sucking me relentlessly!

My ass was off the bed, my body going insane...I was screaming out loud, feeding baby all my cum...LOTS of it! She whimpered while sucking all of it from me in big mouthfuls, struggling to swallow all of it down her throat and into her tummy. I pushed on the headboard with my hands to keep my pussy against her eager mouth. 

My baby was mouth-fucking me to DEATH...taking me...possessing me as her own, personal bad girl whore...

AND I FUCKING LOVED IT! That made me cum even more and my baby squealed with delight as more of my hot cum flowed from my quaking body! Baby kept sucking me...satisfying her urge for my cum to warm her tummy...

Finally...finally...my orgasm passed. My perfect Blue...my fucking awesome lover kissed and licked my inner thighs, lapping up my cum still oozing from my quivering pussy...I ran my fingers through her hair while my body shuddered with each of her licks...

Baby kissed my pussy one more time and oooooohhhh-so-deeply, then slid up and straddled my body and planted her Sunnycum covered lips on mine, kissing me, rubbing her lips on mine...

...and her pretty pussy dripping on my tummy.

Fuck...I wanted her! I kept my lips almost touching hers, speaking, with my hot breath on her mouth...

"Your hot woman needs all your cum...I want it all...I want every fucking drop of you."

Blue squealed and pounced her mouth on mine...she let her pussy slap down on my tummy, making her juices fly all over both of us. I gripped her ass firmly, separated our lips and kept speaking...

"I want you to roll over, spread your legs for me, and let me be your hot slut who gives you anything you want, as long as you want it."

Baby quickly inhaled, flipped onto her back and spread her legs wide...my open mouth clamped onto her pussy...she screamed loudly and grabbed handfuls of my long hair when my tongue fucked hard inside her dripping, overheated pussy...

"FUCK! SUNNY! FUCKING SUCK ME GOOD!"

I growled at her and pushed my face harder into her pussy, trying to fuck my tongue deeper into her...baby screamed and screamed, pulling my hair and fucking against my face...my shoulders pressed hard against her inner thighs to keep her legs spread wide, and I held her hips because her body was now shuddering and shaking...

"CUMMING! FUCK SUNNY CUMMING! FUCKING EAT ME!"

I screamed into her pussy with pure delight as her hard orgasm fed me her cum...oh fuck...soooooooo much hot Bluecum! I sucked and slurped her cum as it flowed so heavily from her pussy while it contracted around my tongue. Baby kept screaming and fucking my mouth...I kept at her, devouring her. My mouth filled with her sweet cum over and over and I eagerly swallowed, 

wanting every bit of her hotness in my tummy!

When baby's orgasm passed, we both knew we'd worn each other out. With the last of her cum in my mouth, I slid up her body and we wrapped ourselves around each other...her cum-covered body sliding against my cum-covered body. Her tongue fucked my mouth, making all her cum overflow my lips...our deep kisses made a lovely mess of Bluecum on both our faces...we sucked 

and kissed, purring for each other, both our tongues fucking...

Okay...yes...I did cum again. How could I not? Blue is the hottest woman on earth! She makes me LOVE being the hottest, sweet little whore I can be for her!

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny

© 2017 Sunny Johansen

Protected by U.S. and international copyright law under Title 17 U.S.C. 504. Copyright infringement detected by Copyscape Theft Detection.