 Amber stepped into her apartment after a long day of classes. She could hear Mandy in the next room, and a constant, quiet sound. As Amber turned the corner, she saw Mandy painting their kitchen a soft blue. It was called Baby Blue, and they'd both agreed on it at the paint store when they'd shopped there nearly a week ago. 

Since it was their senior year at N.Y.U. (both Amber and Mandy had qualified for a credits program where they went to school in the summer and jumped two grades), they'd decided to rent an attractive apartment with some money that Mandy's grandmother and grandfather had left her. It was a lovely sum, and since Mandy was the only grandchild on, she'd gotten it all. Not even her parents minded that they'd been seemingly overlooked in favor of their daughter.

Mandy looked up as Amber entered the kitchen. "Hi, sweetheart," she said, crossing the room and greeting her with a kiss. "How was your day?" she asked casually as she returned to painting.

Amber nodded as she set her books down on the kitchen table. "It was all right," she replied. "Got my essay back from Worthington's today."

Mandy turned around so quickly that she got paint on her sweatshirt. "Oh, really?" she squealed. "How'd you do?"

"A-minus," Amber replied.

Mandy giggled and clapped her hands. "Well, we don't have class tomorrow," she said. "Why don't I clean up, and we can go to Benihana to celebrate?" she asked.

Amber nodded. "Sure, sounds good," she replied. "I have a need for entertainment tonight..."

Mandy laughed at her accidental pun and said, "I've just got to finish this last wall here."

Amber nodded. "Okay," she replied. "I've got to start my draft for my new English Lit. paper, anyway," she said. "I'll be in the office, okay?" she called over her shoulder as she took her book bag with her. As Amber walked down the hall, past the living room, the guest bedroom, their bedroom, Simpkin's playroom, she felt ashamed. It was a year after she'd fucked Gabrielle, her former art teacher. 

Just after her freshman year ended, she'd gone to Gabrielle's office and had wanted to talk to her. She went in and saw her, and one thing led to another and they'd ended up getting into bed. This time, they'd tried a sixty-nine, and it had been glorious. When it was all over, Amber sat at the edge of the bed, feeling very guilty.

Gabrielle was lying behind her the comforter tossed to the floor, but the brilliant white sheet was draped around her. She reached out and caressed Amber's beautiful pale skin, and said, "It's not a bad thing, you know. You know you always give wonderful fucks."

Amber chuckled at her teacher's vulgarity when it came to something as beautiful as making love. She didn't know what to say, other than, "I'm sorry...I shouldn't have come. This really shouldn't have happened...a second time..."

Gabrielle scooted next to her and took her in her arms. "I'm leaving N.Y.U.," she said.

Amber turned to look at her. "What?!" she demanded.

Gabrielle nodded. "I got a job at the University of Paris at the art professor," she said proudly, and began kissing Amber's back and shoulders. 

Amber blinked. "Well, that's wonderful..."

Her teacher giggled. "I also sent them your records..."

"You did what...?!"

Gabrielle nodded a second time. "You have a space there in the autumn if you want it," she replied. "And, I got a lovely cottage there, which you could live in with me..." Gabrielle said, opening Amber's legs and gently caressing her pussy, "...and we could do more of this and not sneak around like we've been..."

"We've fucked seven times," Amber said hotly, snapping her legs shut and causing Gabrielle to cry out in momentary pain. "There was twice just after Christmas break, four times during mid-winter break when I told Mandy that I was sick, and then that one time during spring break when Mandy went to Japan with her parents..."

"They didn't invite you?" Gabrielle asked.

Amber lowered her eyes. "It was a family trip..."

Gabrielle sighed. "You are a rare jewel, Amber," she whispered, reaching for her pussy again. "I want...I need...I love you," she said.

Amber's eyes widened as she looked over at Gabrielle. "You love me?" she whispered, her voice full of shock.

Gabrielle nodded at her. "Yes, yes, I love you," she said. "And I want you to transfer officially to the University of Paris...and come live with me...and," said Gabrielle, hopping out of bed, and her naked body looking amazing in the setting sun, and crossing over to her bookshelf. She got a little box that was in between some books and walked to the other side of the bed. She went before Amber and got down on one knee. "Amber...will you marry me?" she asked, opening the box.

Amber gasped and her hands flew to her face in shock. Inside the box was an expertly cut diamond with two amber stones on either side. "Oh, my God...!" She whispered.

"And look," Gabrielle urged, taking the ring out of the box. "Look, in the light. Do you see the words?"

Amber looked closer. "Je t'aime," she whispered. "That means 'I love you' in French, right?" she asked.

Gabrielle nodded. "Marry me," she whispered.

Amber sighed. "Be honest," she said. "Do you love me, or just how I am in bed?" she asked sharply.

Gabrielle sighed. "I'm attracted to you, and I care about you...but nobody makes me come like you," she confessed.

Amber's mind snapped back to the present. She'd refused Gabrielle's proposal that day, and thankfully her former art teacher had returned to Paris quietly. She went into the office and to her own desk, and quickly logged onto her laptop. Across the room was Mandy's desk, and the same computer, except it was bright purple instead of Amber's pink.

Amber logged into the school network and made sure she had her English Lit. paper instructions down pat. Once she made sure of that, she opened a document and quickly typed a four-page draft on her novel of choice, Gone With the Wind. 

She wrote about how Scarlett O'Hara had, in her opinion, a childish infatuation with Ashley. He was the object of something that she could never truly have. Then, when she didn't know what to do, after his marriage to her cousin, she made up her mind to get several other men to fall in love with her to shield her pain. When she encountered Rhett Butler, however, she'd met her match. 

However, her vanity got the better of her when, after the birth of their daughter, Bonnie, she decided not to have any more children. Then, her daughter died tragically, and she discovered she was pregnant again. Rhett and she got in an argument, and she fell down some stairs. At the end, following her cousin's death, Ashley offered himself to her, and she refused him, knowing that she truly belonged with Rhett. But, it was too late, and the famous line, "'Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn'", shattered Scarlett's world before she decided to return to her childhood home of Tara.

"She wanted love so badly that she didn't see it staring at her in the face," Amber said, scooping up Simpkin, who'd been rubbing up against her leg and purring. "You," said Amber, gently touching his nose. "I've got to tell Mama Mandy the truth, don't I?"

She was answered with a meow.

Amber sighed and returned Simpkin to the floor, where he walked onto his cat tree. She saved her work and checked the date: January 17th. Both Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's had passed, and Mandy hadn't suspected a thing. It was now or never.

She stood up and walked back to the kitchen, but she didn't see her girlfriend anywhere.

"Mandy?" she called.

"In the bathroom," she called back, and suddenly she came out. She was breathtaking in her little black dress, pearls, and red heels. She held out a white blouse, pleated plaid skirt and black heels to Amber. "Come on," she said. "It's after five-thirty, it takes twenty minutes to get to the restaurant, and I'm hungry," she said with a giggle. 

"Yeah," Amber said, taking the clothes. "On second thought, I think I'd like that cozy little Italian place down the block...you know, Ti Amo la Pizza?" she asked, putting out her bottom lip.

Mandy approached Amber and kissed her on the lips. "I am going to humor you because I love you," she said. "Now, go change," she said, slapping her on the butt. "Wait," she said, stepping forward. She unzipped Amber's jeans and pulled them down, along with her panties. Then she began licking her girlfriends' pussy quickly, and Amber fell against the wall in a wave of pleasure. 

Amber gasped then, giving away to a quick groan. "Oh, God, baby...yes, yes!" she cried out. 

"Come on," Mandy giggled between licks. "Come for me...but not too fast, I want to wear this dress..."

"Oh, God, sweetie...don't stop!" Amber cried. "Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop...!" She whispered, grabbing onto Mandy's head and pushing it closer to her pussy. 

When her release came, Mandy quickly drank all of Amber's orgasm before it could go all over her dress. "I'll be in the other bathroom washing out my mouth," she said, standing up and fondling Amber's breasts and kissing her on the mouth at once. "Save those lips...both of them," she said coyly as she went down the hall to the other bathroom.

Amber sighed, cursing herself for missing her chance. She went into the bathroom before closing the door and locking it. She put her clothes on the little table and went to the shower. She removed the head from the wall and turned it on so that it was a pleasant warm feeling on her skin. She put it onto her pussy to wash the come off of it. 

She then stuck her fingers inside it and finger fucked herself for about five minutes until she came a second time. Then, she kept going, orgasming twice more, the first time thinking of Mandy going down on her, and the second time, Gabrielle. She shook her head and turned off the water, and grabbing the towel and drying herself off. 

She put on the clothes selected by her lover and stepped out of the bathroom, where Mandy was waiting. "Hi, there," Amber said, waving innocently at her.

Mandy giggled and crossed the room to her. "You know, I heard you in there," she whispered as she nuzzled her neck. "You were practically screaming...were you finger fucking yourself?"

Amber nodded. "Yes," she said.

"Were you...thinking about me?" Mandy asked.

"Maybe," Amber replied. "Yes, of course I was..."

"Good," Mandy said, and took her by the hand. "I want to see you finger yourself later...I will do it, too...then we can come together..."

"I'd like that," Amber said, putting on her coat as Mandy did the same. "I suggest we go eat."

"I'd have to agree with you," Mandy replied.

They arrived at six on the dot at Ti Amo la Pizza, and were quickly given a private booth in the back of the restaurant, as they knew the owner, Tony Bartonni. They'd laughed when they'd first heard his name, but Tony had quickly introduced him to his partner, Brian Mancini, and now they were all the best of friends.

Amber ordered the eggplant parmesan and Mandy ordered the mushroom tortellini, after ordering the calamari to start with. Their fresh baked bread with olive oil and vinegar came first. 

"God, the bread smells incredible here," Mandy said, reaching up with her foot under the table and in between Amber's legs. "My, God, you're so wet!" she said in mocked shockedness.

"Thank God this is a private booth," Amber said, a smile on her face. "And thank God we're such good friends with Tony and Brian. Any other restaurant would kill us...oh!" She gasped as Mandy found her clit with her largest toe.

"You like that?" Mandy whispered, moving her toe in circles.

"Yes...!" Amber whispered. "Don't stop..."

Amber came one minute before the calamari came and Mandy's foot had retreated back into her heeled shoe. 

"My, you're jumpy tonight," Mandy commented as she dipped the squid into the garlic sauce. 

Amber shrugged. "It must be the English Lit. paper," she said nonchalantly, staring at the dead, fried, fish in front of her. "I wrote a four page draft while you were working on the kitchen..."

"Really?" Mandy asked. "That's great. What is the paper on?"

"Gone With the Wind," Amber replied. 

"What are you writing about?"

"The fact that Scarlett had love staring at her in the face, but didn't realize it before it was too late..." Amber said, taking some calamari.

"Facinating," Mandy commented.

Amber nodded. "Thank you," she said, as their salads came. There was extra dressing on Mandy's and extra cheese on Amber's just the way they liked them. When their salad plates were cleared away, their soup came and they savored the warm feeling of it going down their throats. Amber got French onion and Mandy got minestrone.

"Why do they serve French onion in an Italian restaurant?" Mandy asked, sniffing at Amber's soup from across the table.

"Brian's mom is French," Amber replied.

"You like French things," Mandy commented.

Amber blinked. "What?"

Mandy smiled and shook her head. "Nothing," she said.

Before they knew it, their entrees had arrived. They didn't take very long to consume half their dinner, then ask for two to-go boxes. They then got the dessert menu, and Amber decided on the chocolate cake a la mode with raspberry filling, while Mandy wanted the tiramisu. As they received their dessert, Tony and Brian came out from the back.

"Hey!" they both said as one, kissing both girls on their cheeks.

"How are you?" Tony asked.

"You're doing well?" Brian inquired.

Amber nodded. "Fine, thanks," she said.

"How are you both?" Mandy asked.

"We are adopting a little boy from Thailand," Brian said. "He's coming in three weeks and he's four years old."

"Old enough to bus tables," Tony said sarcastically.

"That's so great!" Mandy cried, and stood up. "I'm so happy for both of you!" she said, and hugged both of them.

"That is such a wonderful thing to do," Amber said, squeezing both of their hands respectively.

"Thank you," they said.

"We felt it was time for a family," Tony said, putting his arm around Brian and kissing his cheek.

"We were ready," Brian said. "Do you think you two will ever have children?" he asked.

"Well, actually--" Mandy began.

"Brian!" Tony cried. "That is none of our business. If they decide to share that information with us, it should be up to them. Sorry," Tony said, almost as if he was apologizing for a small child. "Come on, Brian," he said. "We have orders to fill."

"Bye," Brian said, following Tony to the kitchen.

Amber turned to Mandy, who'd gone back to her dessert. "What were you going to say?" she asked.

Mandy shook her head, stabbing her tiramisu with her fork. "It's not important," she said. "Eat your cake."

The girls sat on the couch, a week later, watching Legally Blonde. After the film had ended, and Elle had won the case, Mandy said she had to pee, and quite badly, or so she said.

"That's cool," Amber replied. "I'll start cleaning the living room."

Mandy smiled and kissed Amber on the cheek. "You're the sweetest," she said, and got up to do her business.

Amber stacked the People, Home and Gardens, Good Housekeeping, Family Circle, and all the other magazines they subscribed to on their coffee table. Then she cleared their hot chocolate mugs and put them in the dishwasher. As she crossed back into the living room, she realized she had to find something else to clean to ignore the guilt that had been eating away at her since the summer. She was just about to decide whether to sweep the floor or dust the living room when it happened.

There was a sudden squeal erupted from the bathroom, and Amber quickly found herself dashing to the closed bathroom door.

"Baby, is everything okay?" she asked, putting her ear against the door in trepidation.

"Yeah, babe, just a sec!"

"Now, please," Amber said.

Mandy let out a sarcastic groan and opened the door, both hands behind her back. She was slightly flushed with a big grin on her face. "I've got some news," she said, her tone very gleeful. 

"Okay...?" Amber said.

Mandy pulled a home pregnancy test from behind her back. "Look!" she cried. "Two pink lines! I'm pregnant!"

Amber took a step back. When they'd come back from summer vacation, they'd checked out various sperm banks in Maui, where they'd been vacationing. Even though they'd had nothing against any race, they'd requested a white male to provide the sperm. It had taken some doing, but they'd found one by the name of Bruce Applegate. He was a doctor from Long Island, and he was about thirty. 

"You're...pregnant?" Amber said stupidly.

Mandy nodded. "Yep. I didn't know when to take the test, and the place said to take it when it felt right, remember?"

Amber shook her head. "They put it in both of us, remember?" she said, her head continuing to shake. "Remember? Do you have another one of those?" she asked.

"Here," Mandy said, confused. 

Three minutes later, both tests confirmed it: both Mandy and Amber were pregnant by Bruce Applegate. 

"Did you want to say something?" Mandy asked.

Amber sighed. "Yes...and no," she said.

"What do you mean?"

"I mean I should tell you something, but I don't want to," she replied, resting her hands on the bathroom counter.

Mandy put her arms around Amber's waist. "Baby, are you okay?" she asked. "We both have really great jobs interning at that law firm next year, and we both got into Harvard. What's wrong? With the inheritance from my grandparents', we can easily afford a nanny..."

Amber broke away from Mandy and her kind words. "I might as well start packing right now," she said, walking towards the bedroom.

"Why?" Mandy cried, scampering after her. "Was it something I said? Was it something I did? Do you want the babies?"

"Of course I want them," Amber said, getting out her suitcase. 

"It's me you don't want, isn't it?" Mandy asked.

Amber sighed. "No, it's not that. I...I did something wrong last year..."

"You cheated on me," Mandy said.

Amber blinked and looked at her. "What?"

"With Gabrielle, the art teacher," she said.

"How did you...?"

"She emailed me after she moved back to Paris," Mandy replied. "She said she proposed to you, and you said no because you loved me."

Amber nodded. "I did say no..."

"But you didn't say no to her all seven times!" Mandy cried.

Amber sighed. "Why are you just coming to me with this?" she asked.

"Because, I wanted to hear you admit to it..."

"Oh, God..." Amber said. "Should I leave?" she asked.

Mandy looked up at her. "Only if you want to lose me forever," she replied, a smile on her face.

"You're not angry with me?" Amber asked.

Mandy shook her head. "I hooked up with Ben a few times last summer," she admitted. "I guess I'm not so perfect either..."

She crossed her arms. "So...there's no way that baby is, like, a Ben Jr. or something, is there?" Amber asked.

Mandy shook her head. "No," she said. "We used condoms."

Amber nodded. "So...we're, like, four months or something, right?"

"Five," Mandy said. "Oh, God...we need vitamins and stuff!" she cried, flapping her hands.

Amber laughed, her feeling of guilt beginning to melt away. "Yeah, I guess we do..."

"I'll call the doctor," she said. "Wait...it'll have to wait until tomorrow. God, I am so excited though...and so horny..." She gave Amber a look.

"Okay," Amber said. "Missionary both ways, sixty-nine, finger fucking while we watch each other, and to close tonights entertainment, we'll do some tribbing and the strap on. Okay?"

"My God, Amber," Mandy said, putting her arms around her. "You're pretty sexy when you give orders. I'm already wet."

"Come on, then," Amber said, pulling Mandy to the bedroom. When they began to trib half an hour later, they both came as they never had before in their lives. It was comical as they began to bicker over the strap on, and eventually Mandy won.
