 Amber had never been happier in her life. Although she hadn't yet come out as bisexual to her parents, she knew that her relationship with Mandy, her girlfriend and roommate, was going really well. She would feel so lonely walking across the beautiful campus of N.Y.U. every morning and afternoon, but when she would return in the direction of her dorm, her pussy would become wetter and her mouth would become just a little bit hungrier for Mandy.

September, October, November, and the first two weeks of December passed pretty quickly, and Amber had kept in touch with Rose and Kitty, her best friends back home through texting and emailing. Rose had broken up with her boyfriend, Carson, the summer before because he'd known that Amber's ex-boyfriend, Ben, who'd also had a fling with Mandy, had been cheating on her. Rose had met a new guy at U.C.L.A., named Todd, in mid-October, and he was coming back to Seattle for Christmas to meet Kitty, Amber, and Rose's family.

Kitty, however, had stayed with her boyfriend, Harry, because he'd come clean as soon as he could about Ben's relationship on the side. They attended Arizona State University, and were both studying to be doctors. It was very admirable, Amber thought, that Harry had decided on a more serious carrier than sports. He'd decided to become an oncologist, while Kitty had her mind set on a brain surgeon.

Just as the final class got out on December 15th, Amber had finished her last class, a sculpting class, and was helping with the clean up. She'd never really been into art, other than looking at it, but there was something about the whole bit about clay that made it more interesting. Amber, along with Ms. Swan, the class teacher, were the only ones left in the classroom, as everyone had run out in celebration of Christmas break.

"So juvinile," said Ms. Swan in her elegant French accent. "I really don't understand this at all, Amber, I really don't. Sculpting is such a beautiful art, yet whenever the bell rings, poof, and you don't see them until Monday. Oh, sometimes I wish this class was more than three times a week," she said whistfully, washing the paint brushes from her Tuesday/Thursday painting class.

"So do I," Amber replied, separating the colored clay from the basic clay, wondering why people mixed them up. "I've learned so much here. I've never really been into art, but this class is so eye-opening, Ms. Swan," she said with a smile.

"Oh, please, Amber," said Ms. Swan. "Call me Gabrielle," she said, crossing the room and helping the girl separate clay.

"Well, Gabrielle," Amber said, "what are your plans for Christmas, may I ask?" she inquired. 

"Of course," Gabrielle replied. "I am returning to Paris for the three weeks to visit my little sister, Angelique, and her family."

"What about your family?" Amber asked innocently as she began to wipe down the tables.

"Well, my mother and father died in a car accident some time ago, along with my little brother, Bernard," she said sadly, looking at a black and white photograph on her desk.

"Is that your family?" Amber asked.

"Yes," Gabrielle said, a sad smile on her face. "That's me with my hair in braids and that dress on. Before I knew who I really was..."

"Who you really were?" asked the girl, rinsing out the sponge she was using to clean the tables. "What do you mean?"

"When I was eighteen years old, my mother's best friend, a woman named Lucille, came to visit us in Paris. When my mother and father, and brother and sister offered to take her to the market, an hour away, she said she wanted to stay home and help me, because I had a cold." Gabrielle began sweeping the floor as she went on, "As soon as my parents and siblings left, Lucille told me that she knew a cure for my cold. When I asked if it was chicken soup, she laughed."

"What was the cure, Gabrielle?" Amber asked, resuming her cleaning of the tables.

Gabrielle smiled wryly. "She licked my pussy," she answered honestly before looking at her pile of dust on the floor. "She licked my pussy, and I quickly orgasmed," she went on. "Thus began an affair which lasted three years, before my beloved Lucille died of cancer."

"When was that?" Amber inquired.

"About five years ago," Gabrielle answered, some tears getting into her eyes as she remembered.

Amber, so overcome with emotion, that she crossed the studio towards Gabrielle and gave her a hug. "I am so sorry, Gabrielle," she whispered, holding her close.

"Thank you, dear," said her teacher. Slowly pulling back, she said very quietly, "You know, I've been watching you for three months. I liked you, and I didn't know why, at first, but then it was your talent and your beauty that set you apart from your fellow students. In fact, there is something that I want to give you. A Christmas present."

"What?" Amber asked.

Gabrielle leaned down and kissed Amber passionately on the mouth. Her tongue easily slipped between her students' lips as she held her tighter, wanting to feel every inch of her impressive Double-D breasts. She loved young girls with big breasts, and Amber's tongue in her mouth was enough to make her dripping wet.

Amber pulled away from her teacher and stepped back. "M-Ms. Swan," said Amber, reverting back to her proper title. "Um, I'm seeing someone," she said, feeling her face redden.

"Oh...your boyfriend probably wouldn't appreciate it, then," said Gabrielle, turning away.

"Not my boyfriend...we broke up last summer," said Amber. "I was talking about my girlfriend...Mandy."

"You're a lesbian?" Gabrielle asked, turning around.

Amber shook her head. "No, I'm bisexual," she replied.

Gabrielle stepped closer to Amber again. "Mandy doesn't have to know, you know..."

"No," Amber said firmly. She sighed. "I am attracted to you, Gabrielle, but I love Mandy. I've never loved anyone like I love Mandy. I'm sorry if you misunderstood me, but I just want to be friends." She smiled at her teacher, put the sponge in the sink, grabbed her bag and walked out of the studio.

Back at the room, Mandy was busy packing for them to go back to Seattle, and she was not looking forward to the long flight. She hated planes, while Amber loved them, and it was her girlfriends' job to rub her pussy from behind their curtain whenever she panicked. 

The door banged open just as Mandy zipped their suitcases and went out to meet Amber. Her sexy girlfriend looked sexy as usual--her best jeans, a low white top, and her snow boots. She'd removed her jacket and set down her bag as she went into Mandy's arms.

"Hey," she said, kissing her. "God, today was so weird..."

Mandy blinked and pulled back to look at Amber. "Why was it weird?" she asked. "Did you stay behind to help Ms. Swan and did you spill some paint or something?"

Amber chuckled and went over to the dresser to make sure nothing important was left out of the packing. "Yeah, I was helping her clean," she said, opening and closing various drawers. "But, well, you'll never believe me, but she's a lesbian."

Mandy let out a chuckle. "A lesbian?! Ms. Swan? Are you kidding me?" she demanded as she tried to close the case as a meow escaped from under the best.

"No, I'm not," said Amber as she took out their kitten, an adorable tabby cat affectionately named Simpkin. "And...well, she made a pass at me," Amber addmitted sheepishly as she scratched the cat behind his ears as he began to purr.

Mandy stopped zipping the suitcase. "Did she?"

"Yeah," Amber said. "She kissed me, and I remember counting to three and pulling away...I didn't even realize it was happening until it was over, I swear," she said.

Mandy sighed and shrugged. "Well, whatever," she said. "What did you tell her...about why you guys couldn't...?"

"I said I was seeing someone."

"What do you mean?"

Amber blinked, setting Simpkin on his cat tree. He would need all the freedom he could get before going into his pet carrier. "I said I had a girlfriend named Mandy..."

"No last name?" 

"No, of course not," Amber said.

Mandy sighed. "It's just as well," she said, picking up their suitcases--green for her and brown for Amber. "People are going to know about us after Christmas anyway..."

Amber nodded, slipping into her jacket, scarf and hat and insisting that Mandy do the same as they gathered up the last of their luggage and forced Simpkin into his pet cage. "Ready?" Amber asked.

"Let's do it," Mandy replied. 

Both Amber and Mandy's parents took it better than they thought and in the second week of January in the new year, a taxi dropped them off back at the N.Y.U. campus. Thankfully, it was a Friday, mid-afternoon, and classes didn't start until Monday, ample time for them to get over the four-hour time difference. Amber and Mandy breathed in the cool, crisp air and decided to go into their dorm, make hot chocolate, put the suitcases in the corner, let Simpkin out and feed and water him, before crawling into bed and licking each other's pussies for several hours before a much-needed and desired nap. 

Everything went according to plan, and after everything, Mandy fell right to sleep. Amber lay awake, before she couldn't take it anymore. She took a hot shower to think before she knew what she had to do. She left a note for Mandy, telling her she went to the campus library for some books for her English class and to do some reasearch for a history paper and that she'd be back in time for dinner. 

Amber crunched through the snow in her new snow boots in the opposite direction, towards the art studio. She had no idea if Gabrielle was back yet, but something told her that she had to find out. The door opened easily for her and she stepped inside quietly. Looking around, the place looked exactly the same. "Gabrielle?" she called.

And there she was, wearing a new necklace with a sapphire in it. "Oh, hello, dear," Gabrielle said with a cheerful smile. "Did you and Mandy have a good Christmas?"

"Yes, it was good," said Amber, feeling guilty already at the sound of Mandy's name. "And how was your Christmas?"

"Very well, thank you," replied Gabrielle.

Amber sighed. "I have to tell you why I really came," she confessed, nibbling at her bottom lip. "I...I think we have some unfinished business between us, and...sex with Mandy hasn't been the same since that day you kissed me."

Gabrielle raised her eyebrows. "So, why are you here, dear?"

Amber walked up to her teacher. "You know your room? The loft upstairs," she said.

Her teacher nodded.

"I want you to take me up there, undress me, make sweet, passionate love to me, make me come...and we'll see where it goes from there."

Gabrielle smiled and quickly walked behind Amber to lock the door. She promptly took Amber by the hand and led her behind the back wall and up the steps to her loft apartment. There was a massive bed in the middle of the room that she led Amber to, and she unbuttoned her jacket while Amber untied her boots and took off her socks. After throwing away her scarf and hat, did Gabrielle allow herself to kiss the girl that she was falling in love with.

After she was left in her bra and panties, did Gabrielle undress herself as she pushed Amber onto the bed. She stood in her undergarments, just like her younger student and smiled down at her body. Then she leaned down and mounted her, and kissed her passionately. She touched Amber's tongue very quickly and even managed to graze the roof of her mouth, as she'd read somewhere that that was very pleasurable.

Gabrielle unfastened Amber's bra and began to massage the younger girls' breasts. She then began to lick, nibble, and suck at her nipples. "How do you liked that?" she asked Amber. "Your breasts are amazing..."

"Thank you," Amber said between gasps. "I love it..."

Gabrielle nodded in approval. "Your body is so beautiful, my darling," she said, her thick accent more sexy when it was spiced with pleasure. "Ever since I first met you, I knew that I would have to eventually lick your sweet pussy... Do you shave it?"

Amber shut her eyes as Gabrielle began to graze her clit with her long, elegant fingers. "Yes," she whispered.

"Good girl," Gabrielle replied and took off Amber's panties and pulled her to the edge of the bed. She gasped when she saw her pussy, freshly shaven just for her, and touched it. "Oh, my," she said, when she parted Amber's pussy lips. "Oh, my...you smell incredible," she said, and inhaled for a moment longer before gently licking the outer lips.

"Oh, God," Amber said, putting her face into her hands and beginning to gasp aloud. "Oh--oh, God!" she cried.

"Good girl," Gabrielle said again, and wetted two fingers. She put them into Amber's pussy and rubbed her clit with her thumb and gently licked under her clit. "My, your pussy's getting awfully wet," she said, smiling at the smell that it was emitting as Amber writhed with pleasure.

"Oh, yes, oh, yes," Amber whispered. "Oh, God!"

"Are you all right, my love?" Gabrielle asked, never stopping her movement in Amber's pussy, but stood up and put her tongue in her mouth for a moment. "Are you all right?"

Amber nodded. "Give me your tongue to suck, but please don't stop," she begged, her knees beginning to stake.

Gabrielle giggled and stuck out her tongue, returning it into Amber's mouth and not stopping her movement inside her new lover. "Do you like this?" she whispered.

Amber nodded a second time. "Oh, yes!" she cried. And a moment later, she was coming all over Gabrielle's bed.

Gabrielle smiled and took her fingers out of Amber's pussy. They were shiny in the light and offered them to Amber, who sucked her pussy juice right off of them. Then Gabrielle mounted Amber and put both her legs around Amber's right leg before positioning her knee in Amber's drenched pussy. "Do you know what I"m going to do?"

Amber shook her head.

"We're going to trib," Gabrielle replied. "I'm going to hump your leg, and get an orgasm from that. While I'm humping your leg, my knee will be in your pussy, up against your clit, and you'll be able to come again. Would you like that?"

"Yes," Amber moaned. "Oh, Gabrielle, let me come again..."

Gabrielle nodded and began humping Amber's leg back and forth, and moving her knee in a circular motion so as to stimulate Amber at the same time she was stimulating herself. Amber's leg and pussy were both quickly becoming drenched. Gabrielle's pussy was beyond wet, as she'd waited for this moment for such a long time. She'd wanted Amber desperately, to lick her, touch her, kiss her...

When they'd both come again, Gabrielle got a smile on her face. "Go over to the window," she said.

Amber panicked. "Won't someone...?"

"No," Gabrielle said, gently touching Amber's lips. "We're facing the sun, so nobody will see us. Now, go to the window, my sweet," she said as she gently grazed Amber's pussy before walking away.

Amber shrugged and crossed to the window. Snow still covered everywhere, and no one was around. She heard Gabrielle coming up behind her, and smiled as she felt her lover's hand on her back. "Hello, stranger," she said.

"Hello," Gabrielle replied. "Can you bend over, sweetie?"

Amber shrugged. "Sure," she said, and obeyed.

"You've got the perfect ass," Gabrielle said, bending down and caressing it gently with her lips. "Don't move now, my darling," she said.

Suddenly, Amber let out a moan. Gabrielle had a strap on, and had entered her from behind. She reached around and took ahold of one of Amber's breasts and rubbed the nipple as she fucked her student in and out, and back and forth.

"Has Mandy ever fucked you like this?" Gabrielle asked.

Amber shook her head. "No," she said as her hair and breasts thrashed back and forth. "Mandy always wants to see my face."

Gabrielle chuckled. "What's the point?" she said. "You'll always orgasm anyway," she said carelessly.

Amber blinked, but allowed herself to come. She turned around and went willingly into Gabrielle's arms, just going through the motions, feeling utterly and completely numb. 

Gabrielle pulled her back toward the bed and put the strap on aside, and lay with her on the bed. She caressed Amber's forehead, and smiled and said pleasant things to her. Then she let Amber shower again, and helped her dress herself. Then she said that she was tired and that Amber knew the way out.

"Come back any time, sweet ass," she called out.

Amber smiled a fake smile and nodded. She got down the stairs and out the door and out into the cold world. As she crossed the campus, she checked her watch: Cheating on Mandy had taken less than an hour. She walked back to her dorm in silence, and when she came in, she saw Mandy still curled up in bed.

Amber shut the door quietly behind her, and it was clear that Mandy hadn't been up once since she'd been out fucking Gabrielle. Amber destroyed the note and undressed, crawling in bed next to Mandy and kissing her forehead.

Mandy moaned slightly and opened her eyes. "Hey, sweetie," she said, looking as if the sun had risen on her face. "Did you go somewhere? Your hair's a little wet..."

"Yeah, I took a shower," Amber replied.

Mandy giggled. "I'm still tired. Maybe, do you want to order in tonight?" she asked.

Amber nodded.

"I know this really cute French place--"

"No," Amber said. "I-I mean, I'm not in the mood for French."

Mandy grinned. "All right, sweetie," she said. "How about Italian?" Mandy asked, kissing Amber on the cheek. "After all, it is the food and the continent of true love..."

Amber grinned. "Yeah," she said. "Yeah. True love."

Mandy smiled. "Pick wherever you want," she said sweetly. "But make sure to order before seven, or else we won't get anything good." And then she turned over and was asleep again. 

Amber sat up, the blanket falling off her breasts and onto her legs. The legs that had taken her to Gabrielle's for less than an hour of fun... She had to tell Mandy what happened...

Amber called Mandy's favorite pizza place and then hung up after getting the grand total of $34.21. She got out her credit card and tapped it against her finger nails. Then...

"Mandy," she whispered.

Mandy turned over and opened her eyes. "Did you order the food?" she asked.

Amber nodded. "Yes," she said.

Mandy sat up. "Are you all right?"

"No, I'm not all right."

"What's the matter?" Mandy asked.

Amber looked up. "We've got to talk..."