 Amber Zucchero had always been quiet in high school. On the day of graduation, there was a big blow out for the seniors of the three high schools around: Lakewood Academy, Boston River Preparatory, and Blackpool Hall. Amber attended Blackpool Hall, which was a school for girls. Boston River was a boys' school, and Lakewood was for both boys and girls. 

It had been difficult for Amber in school, because her boyfriend, Ben Radcliffe, didn't go to Boston River, but to Lakewood. Lakewood was known for its excellent cheerleading squad, which made Amber very jealous. While she was physically fit, she was always soft and never toned, like her jock boyfriend. She constantly wondered why they were even a couple. A year or so ago, she would have said that it was because they loved each other, but she wasn't so sure now.

At the blow out, her two best friends, Rose and Kitty, handed her a can of beer and told her to relax. Amber wanted to relax. All three girls had graduated within the top five and were set to go to Ivy League schools the following September. But something was eating at her that night, and it sure wasn't Ben. Ben had, in fact, eaten her a few times, but he was always upset when Amber asked him to. 

"Can't you, like, use a vibrator, or something?" Ben had asked. "Now, give me a hand job."

Amber sometimes detested the way that Ben talked to her. But she hadn't been noticed until sophomore year, when they'd begun dating. Neither had Rose and Kitty, for that matter. But, they soon fell in with the jock crowd behind Amber and were soon dating Carson Webber and Harry Daniels respectively.

"You need to relax," said Rose, putting a hand on Amber's shoulder. "And where is Ben at?"

"I don't know," said Amber, taking a sip of beer. She never drank, but she knew that there would be something about tonight that she'd have to block out somehow.

"Well, he'd better come stand with you," said Kitty, tossing her pretty black hair and looking around. "Harry," she said, motioning him and Carson over to them. "Maybe they can tell us something," she said, turning back to Amber and Rose.

When the boys arrived, kissing their respective girlfriends on the cheek and offering them chips and dip from their plates, looked expectantly at all three of them.

"What's up?" Carson asked.

"Why did you call us over here?" Harry inquired.

Amber took another sip of beer. "Do you know where Ben is?"

"Well, we--" Harry began.

Carson cleared his throat loudly, with a look at Harry. "No," he said in a stage-fake voice. "No, we do not. We do not know where our friend Ben is tonight, at this moment."

"Man, Carson, I am tired of lying for him," Harry complained, putting his arm around Kitty and turning to Amber. "I'm really sorry, Amber. Ben has been cheating on you for the last six months."

Amber dropped her beer can, and beer went all over Carson. She ignored Carson's scream of protest and shook her head. "What do you mean, cheating on me?!" she cried. "Where is he, really? Tell me what is going on, Harry, please!"

"You'd better tell her," said Kitty, crossing her arms.

Harry sighed. "Okay. Ben's been screwing the head cheerleader, you know, Mandy Anderson?"

"She should be a junior!" Amber cried in disgust. "She's barely seventeen yet she managed to somehow skip a grade! We're all eighteen here! He could go to jail!"

"Not gonna happen," Carson said. "Remember? Mandy's daddy is the chief of police, and he loves Ben like a son."

"Oh, my God," Amber said, stepping three steps away from them. Then she turned toward a little cabin above the rocks, just next to the lighthouse on the beach. She made sure her sandals were buckled properly before going to the rocks and beginning to climb. She heard her friends shouting at her to come down, but she didn't listen. She climbed all the way to the top in under ten minutes, and thanked God there wasn't any reception here, as Carson would have probably called Ben by now.

Amber stepped up to the cabin door and opened it, before going inside and carefully shutting it behind her. She looked around the dark room and saw a little light under a door just a few feet away from her. Getting all of her courage, she advanced upon it, and threw the door open so that it crashed against the wall behind it.

"What the fuck?!" she screamed at Ben.

Ben's eyes looked freaked, like he knew he'd been caught in a lie. "Amber!" he cried, looking around. "This isn't what it looks like!" 

"How Hollywood actor of you," Amber said sarcastically. "You're fucking Mandy, Ben! How could you?!"

Mandy looked away from Amber. "Geez, would you go away?"

"No, I will not go away, you slut! I want to talk to the son of a bitch next to you, who's been my boyfriend for two years!" She went up close to the bed and pulled out Ben, who stood naked in front of her. "Ben, why?" she asked.

He shrugged. "I don't know. Because I wanted to...?"

Amber reached out and slapped him in the face. "That's it!" she cried, narrowing her eyes at him. "We are over!" and she left Ben and Mandy alone in the cabin.

Two weeks later, Amber was home alone. Her father had surprised her mother with a trip to the Caribbean, and her brother Andy was with their grandmother, so she had the house to herself. She'd told her parents about the break up, and how a week home alone would be the perfect thing to take her mind off of it. She'd sleep in, stay up late, and try to laugh at normal, every day things.

Then, one day, she received a knock at the door. Careful to look through the peephole before opening the door, she saw Mandy standing outside on the porch. Surprised, Amber opened the door.

"Mandy?" she asked.

Mandy looked up, her green eyes taking in Amber's blue ones. "Hi," she said, lowering her eyes again. "Can I come in?"

"Yes, of course," Amber said, stepping back.

Mandy entered the house and Amber shut the door behind her. "I broke things off with Ben," she said, going into the living room.

"Oh," Amber said. "Do you want something to drink?"

Mandy shook her head. "Did you hear me?" she asked. "I said that I broke up with Ben...? I did it as a birthday present to myself."

"Oh, you're eighteen now?" Amber asked as they both sat down. "Wow, that's great. Congrats," she said.

Mandy sighed. "I've got to tell you the real reason why I broke up with him," she said.

"Let me guess," Amber said, and Mandy shrugged. "Um, you either like somebody else, or you realized the error of your ways in taking him from me and hope now to give him back?"

"You don't love Ben, Amber," Mandy said.

Amber blinked. "Excuse me?"

"And besides, you were right about the first part of your analogy. I do like somebody else."

"Oh," Amber said. "Who?"

Mandy rolled her eyes. "God, you are so clueless sometimes!" she said, and giggled. "Here. Let me show you."

"You have a picture on your phone?" Amber asked.

Mandy shook her head. "Not last time I checked." Then she scooted across the couch and was nose to nose with Amber. "I'll show you," she whispered, and opened her mouth, meeting it with Amber's. Just as her tongue managed to creep through the older girls' lips, Amber suddenly and unexpectedly pulled away.

"What the hell are you doing?!" she cried.

Mandy blinked. "I was showing you," she said, putting her hand onto Amber's knee. "I'm in love with you."

"No, no you're not," Amber said, getting to her feet. "I think you should go now. Right now," she said, and pointed to the door.

Mandy got to her feet as well. "All right," she said, dejected. She walked to the door and didn't look back as she shut it behind her.

Amber slowly brought her fingers to her lips. She ran her index finger over both of them. Then she stuck her tongue out and licked them. Mandy had been wearing a cinnamon-flavored lip gloss, which had contradicted with Amber's sugary bubblegum one. Slowly, Amber sank to the floor and put her head into her hands to think. Nobody had ever kissed her like that before, that was for sure.

Three days later, Amber couldn't take it anymore. She logged on to her favorite social networking site and managed to find Mandy's number. She called it, and waited desperately for an answer.

"Hello?" came Mandy's voice.

Amber let out a sigh of relief. "Mandy, it's Amber."

"Oh. Hi."

"Hi. I was wondering if you could come over?"

Mandy sounded interested. "Okay. When?"

"Are you busy later today?" Amber asked.

"No, I'm not."

"Great. Come around seven, okay?"

"Okay."

Amber smiled. "Thanks," she said. "See you later."

Amber stepped out of the steaming shower at approximately six-fifteen. She sat in front of the mirror and blow dried her hair so as if hung shiny and loose around her pretty face. Then she rubbed her body all over with her vanilla lotion, and set to work at painting her fingernails and toenails a brilliant scarlet.

By that time, it was after six-thirty. Then Amber went into her bedroom and took ten minutes deciding just exactly which lingerie outfit to wear. She wanted to impress Mandy with her natural Double-D breasts, and her black silk trimmed with red ribbon seemed perfect. It was a beautiful piece, strapless, ruffly, and it had those thin stockings that attached to it. Her shapely legs always looked hot.

Then she decided to go barefoot and forget the stockings, and it was hot out, and she'd need to show off her toenail polish. She put on the sexy attire and the matching silk black robe and chose a Chanel perfume. She'd just lightly sprayed her neck, back of her ears, her wrists, and between her soft breasts as the doorbell rang.

Making sure that her robe was tied correctly, Amber made her way downstairs. She was thankful that she'd bought red roses to put over every surface of her bedroom, and those candles that didn't require matches for her bedside table. She checked the door's peephole, and saw Mandy standing there in a pretty, sleeveless blue dress.

Opening the door a crack, Amber whispered, "Shut your eyes."

Mandy smirked but did as she was told.

"Give me your hand," Amber said.

Mandy held out her hand to Amber and Amber quickly pulled her inside her house and shut the door behind her. Then she guided her hand to the silk string on her robe.

"Pull," Amber ordered. Mandy pulled and Amber's robe came off of her and went around her ankles. "Open your eyes," Amber said.

Mandy opened her eyes. They widened when they saw Amber's appearance and slowly went up to her face. "What's this?" she asked, her voice completely awestruck.

Amber smiled. "What do you think?" she asked.

Mandy shook her head. "I don't know."

Amber's smile turned into a grin as she walked close to Mandy. Amber began to kiss Mandy's throat, and smiled against her skin when she heard Mandy's little sigh of delight. She put her lips to the younger girls' ear and whispered, "Why don't we go upstairs?"

Mandy eagerly nodded and Amber pulled back, taking her by the hand. She led her upstairs to her perfectly prepared bedroom, and allowed Mandy to marvel for a moment all Amber had done. "You did all of this for me?" she asked, looking at Amber.

Amber nodded. "I think I love you, too," she said.

Mandy gasped and they fell into each others arms, kissing and touching. As they stumbled to Amber's bed, they both began to laugh. Amber picked up Mandy and playfully threw her onto the bed, and giggling in happiness that she'd remembered to shut her curtains. She carefully unbuttoned Mandy's dress and slipped it over her head, marveling at her beautiful C-cup breasts, which were ready and waiting for her mouth.

Amber mounted Mandy and kissed her passionately on the mouth. She then traveled sideways to her throat again and sucked on her, leaving love bites up and down her neck. All the while, Mandy moaned as Amber went lower and lower to her breasts. She breathed warm air onto them, causing Mandy's nipples to stick out. 

"Do you want me to suck on them?" Amber asked, taking one of Mandy's breasts into her hand.

"Oh, please suck on my breasts," Mandy begged.

Amber grinned and leaned down, taking Mandy's breast into her mouth. She sucked them both like a baby for the next five minutes, while her free hand crept downward, into Mandy's underwear. She easily found her clit and began rubbing that and sucking her breasts all at once.

Mandy's moans began to accelerate, and she slapped the bed a few times during her waves of pleasure. "Oh, don't stop!" she cried. "Oh, baby, please don't stop!"

"There's no way in hell I'm going to stop," Amber said. "God, your moans turn me on so much!" She continued sucking for another minute or so, before stopping. "Mandy, do you want me to lick your pussy?" she asked the younger girl.

Mandy nodded. "Oh, God, yes..."

"Do you want to come?" Amber asked.

The girl nodded again. "Fuck yeah," she said.

"Are you gonna come all over my face?" Amber asked, taking off Mandy's underwear. "Are you going to?"

"Yes!" Mandy screamed as Amber began sucking, kissing, and gently biting at her inner thighs. "God, Amber... I am going to come so fucking hard in your mouth! Then I'm going to make you come so much...!"

Amber reached up and gently touched Mandy's lips. "Save your energy, then," she said, giving her a grin. Then she lowered her head and spread out Mandy's legs. She placed her face in between them, savoring the heat and the scent that came off of Mandy's pussy. Then she stuck out her tongue and gently began to lick the outside of it.

Mandy began to moan again, her eyes shutting in a wave of pleasure. "Oh, God, lick me more!" she cried.

Amber chuckled and opened her mouth before closing her lips onto Mandy's pussy. She began munching on it, much to Mandy's pleasure. As the five minute mark of munching on her sweet clit and hole passed, Mandy's hips began to buck furiously back and forth. Amber began licking and munching faster and faster.

"Oh, God," Mandy said. "Oh, God, this is it. This is it, Amber! Oh, God, oh, God, oh, god! Fuuuck! Don't stop... I'm cumming...I'm cumming...I'm cumming-- Oh, fuck yeah!" she screamed just as Amber's mouth filled with Mandy's sweet juices.

"Do you want to taste your pussy?" Amber asked.

Mandy nodded. "Anything for your tongue in my mouth again," she whispered, and pulled Amber close to her. "Mmm," she said as their tongues met and as Amber continued to play with her clit. "That's really nice, Amber."

Amber chuckled. "All in a day's work. You taste amazing, by the way," she said, giggling.

Mandy laughed. "I know. I was thinking about you these past three days and how much I love you. I would fuck myself every night with...my fingers and other things."

"Other things?" Amber asked. "What other things?"

Mandy smirked and wriggled out from under Amber. She crossed the room to where she'd dropped her purse and unzipped it. Then she took out a six inch strap on, and waved it in the air. "It's way better if someone's doing it to you, or so I've heard. But...well, I haven't experienced it..."

Amber's eyes widened in delight. "Let's use it!" she cried.

Mandy grinned. "Then take off that outfit so I can see your gorgeous body and fuck you with this," she said.

Amber got off the bed and turned around. "It's easier if someone helps me," she said.

Mandy scoffed sarcastically and tucked the strap on under her arm. Then she pulled down the outfit that Amber was wearing, and caressed her perfect ass. "God, your ass is incredible," she whispered.

"Thank you," Amber giggled, crossing back to the bed and lying on her back, spreading her legs for Mandy. "Do you have lube?" she asked. "Or do I have to wet my pussy?"

"Wet your pussy," Mandy said. "That's what I always do. And I would give anything to see your pussy naturally wet."

Amber grinned and licked her fingers before putting them onto her pussy and rubbing a bit.

"Why don't you... Fuck yourself," Mandy said. "I want to watch you fuck yourself," she said.

Amber smiled. "All right," she said, and made sure that her fingers were in a good spot on her clit. Then she rubbed and rubbed and rubbed, and it took her less than two minutes to get her off.

"Incredible," Mandy whispered as Amber calmed down after her beautiful orgasm. "God, you're so fucking hot when you come for me," she said, getting off the bed and putting on the strap on. She wetted her fingers a little bit and wet the cock slightly. Then she got back onto the bed and knelt in front of Amber. "You ready?" she asked.

Amber grinned. "Fuck me," she said.

Mandy didn't need to be told twice. She entered Amber with the strap on and began moving back and forth, in and out. It didn't take long for Amber to get all hot and bothered as she began to moan. 

"Fuck...don't stop!" she cried. 

"I won't," Mandy promised.

Just then, Mandy found her g-spot, something in two years of dating, Ben had never found. "Oh, God!" she cried, never knowing just how wonderful pleasure can be. "Don't stop fucking me, Mandy! Don't stop fucking my pussy!"

"I won't," Mandy said again. 

Amber kept right on moaning as Mandy kept thrusting in and out of her pussy, which was already dripping wet. Then, about a minute later, Amber let out a massive moan and sighed. Mandy gently pulled out of Amber, the older girls' come covering it so that it glistened.

"Mandy?" Amber asked innocently as the younger girl stuck the strap on in her mouth momentarily to taste the orgasm she'd caused.

"Yes?" Mandy asked, taking the fake cock out of her mouth.

Amber lowered her eyes. "Would you eat my pussy?" she asked. "Ben never did, and I want your mouth on my clit and your fingers inside me..."

Mandy smiled. "I'd love to eat your pussy," she said. Then she bent down and took Amber's pussy in her mouth. She stuck a finger inside her and found her g-spot instantly once more. She pulled in and out with her finger, and massaged Amber's clit with her tongue. The sweet scent of Amber's pussy caused her to become wet again. She also loved her juices flowing easily into her mouth.

Two minutes later, Amber was shouting an orgasm again. But this time, she said something no one would have expected. "I don't think I love you, Mandy!" she cried. "I know I love you! I fucking love you! And I love how you eat pussy! I love how you eat my pussy..."

"Want to try a sixty-nine?" Mandy asked.

"What's that?" Amber asked. 

"It's where we eat our pussies together," Mandy replied.

Amber nodded. "Yes," she answered. 

Mandy turned so as her pussy met Amber's lips, and then Mandy went right on munching Amber's pussy. When they came, their juices were flowing at exactly the same speed, and their pitch in orgasm was matched, and they'd both found each other's g-spot instantly. Then, Mandy rolled off of Amber, and they fell asleep in each other's arms.

A couple of hours later, Amber woke up to Mandy's beautiful eyes looking down at her. 

"Hi," Mandy said.

"Hey," Amber said, leaning in and kissing her. "You're my girlfriend now, right?" she asked.

Mandy grinned. "Of course I am," she said.

"You know how we both got into N.Y.U.?" Amber asked.

"Yes."

"And you know that we can pick our roommates if we hurry?"

"Yes."

Amber grinned back. "Well...maybe we could room there together...and if our studying isn't too heavy, we can give each other more pleasure than our favorite subject..."

"...which may or may not be sex education," Mandy said, leaning forward and gently nibbling at Amber's neck.

"It's that a yes?" Amber asked, Mandy's gentle nibbling already making her wet.

Mandy pulled back and stared at Amber. "It's more than a 'yes'. It's a 'hell yes'," Mandy replied.

Amber grinned, and reached out to tuck a stay hair behind Mandy's ear. "I love you, Mandy Spezia," she whispered.

"And I love you, Amber Zucchero."
