 Janice's lips were tingling slightly as she closed and locked the door behind herself and Lily. Her stomach was bubbling; her heartbeat somewhat erratic and she didn't want to acknowledge the stirrings she felt in...other regions. She had just watched her best friend, roommate and coworker, Lily, give Jason, the adorable guy who worked in the bookstore down the hall, a blowjob in the freight elevator as they were returning from taking out the trash. It wasn't the first time she'd watched her friend in action. Lily was often bringing men home and performing various sexual acts for Janice to see if she was inclined. Janice wasn't as sexually charged as Lily, but enjoyed eroticism and sometimes having her for a roommate was better than a porno collection.

Today was a little different, though. Jason had caught her eye weeks ago when she'd first started her job in the mall at one of the high-priced fashion boutiques. She loved browsing bookstores and seeing Jason was an added bonus, but she was shy and she suspected he was, too, as they'd barely spoken a few times. She felt she had made significant contact today before seeing him in the throes of ecstasy with Lily pleasuring him. She wasn't sure she could compete with that, but the way he'd kissed her was proof that he hadn't forgotten her at all. It was an odd way to start a relationship, but she really hoped to get to know more of him.

Lily was grinning and bouncing about. Any sex gave her a charge that bordered on a high. "Wow, that was...a thrill. Would you believe that was the first time I've done anything like that in this mall? And he was so excited. I love when they let me do all the work." She looked back to see Janice staring into space. "Janice, dear, are you with me?" She walked over and touched her friend's shoulder. Janice started and turned quickly, locking eyes with her.

"I can taste him still," she muttered, touching her tongue to her lips. She smiled—a rather silly, almost naughty, expression. Lily laughed and hugged her.

"You really dig that guy, don't you?" Janice nodded. "Well, I'm sorry if I stepped on your toes, hon. I was just looking for fun, you know? But, now that I think about it, he was really eyeballing you."

"Maybe..." Janice licked her lips again. Lily laughed. 

"Here, Jan, let me give you a better taste." Before Janice even realized what was happening, Lily's lips were pressing against hers, soft at first, but with gradual pressure until she felt her lips being parted by her tongue. Her own tongue eagerly greeted it, tasting Lily and, even more thrillingly, Jason. 

It took Janice a few blissful moments to realize that she was making out with her best friend at work. Her best female friend for that matter. And it was turning her on like she hadn't been in some time. Lily had told her about some bisexual experiences she'd had in the past, but she hadn't expressed any recent interest, other than the occasional threesome. 

Janice felt herself melting into the passionate kiss and Lily's knockout body begged her closer. She wrapped her arms around her and pulled her closer, feeling her heat through her thin dress. The tingling in her nether regions wasn't going to go away now. Janice had always had a secret fantasy or two about women and had even masturbated thinking about Lily before, but it was one of those things she had no plan to indulge. Just a taboo, a whim, a perversion...right?

Lily broke the kiss, and Janice pouted unintentionally through her now freed lips. She didn't want it to end. Not now, while she felt like this. She couldn't just diddle herself out of this one. It was an aching desire she rarely felt and needed quenched. Maybe she would have preferred it to be Jason, but he wasn't here. Lily was.

"You going to let go, honey, or do want another where that came from?" Lily laughed. "If I'd known you would have let me, I'd have made out with you long ago. Why get all dolled up and go hunting for the boys, when your favorite, hottest girlfriend is right in the next room?"

"Lily...I don't...I mean...I'm not gay, but... I want to make love to you, right now. I need you to help me with this...feeling." Janice trailed off, feeling very scared of what her friend would think and trying to comprehend what she was thinking and doing.

Lily's hands slid up to cup Janice' face. "It's okay, love. I'm here for you. I think I need this, too. It's been too long since I gave in to the pleasure of a woman. Just a second, though. I'm sure The Bitch is too busy to notice we're gone, but we wouldn't want her to walk in on us." She broke away and bounced to the door leading to the sales floor, locking it and turning to Janice. She smiled and sucked in her breath to find that her she had quickly shed her summer dress and stood now in only her pretty, light yellow panty and bra set. 

"Oh, god, you are something else." They'd seen each other nude regularly, sometimes even showering together to save time and money, but now, in this moment of passion and sexual energy, they were seeing one another anew. Lily quickly shed her top and unzipped her skirt, tossing it aside. Now it was Janice' turn to marvel at her busty figure in a black lace bra, but no panties... Janice wasn't surprised, but she felt herself getting moist at the sight of Lily's neatly quaffed pubic area.

"Let's use the couch," Lily offered, gesturing to the far wall where a spare couch for the dressing rooms was placed, promising a comfortable place for their activities. They strode across with purpose. Lily sat first, spreading her legs slightly and inviting Janice to join her. 

Janice slid atop her, and their lips were together again. Lily lay back, pulling her now literally closest friend with her, wrapping her bare legs around her waist. Her hands slid down her back before clenching Janice' well-toned butt. Their tongues were dueling ferociously now, lust taking complete control of their actions. 

This time, Janice broke away, to place light kisses all over Lily's face and neck. Her hands began to fondle breasts that were larger than her own, but firm and yielding to her caresses. She paused to undo the front clasp (Lily always wore front clasping bras for this very kind of moment) and started kissing all about one breast while tweaking the nipple of the other. Lily gasped and moaned at her newfound lover's fervor and skill. 

After a few moments playing with her tits, Janice wanted to explore the rest of Lily. She kissed her once again before trailing her tongue from her lower lip, over her chin, down her throat, between her breasts, on downward, stopping to circle then dip into her belly button. Lily was writhing about and giggling intermittently. 

Janice began placing soft kisses on her inner thighs and paused as she faced the first pussy she'd ever taste. She breathed in a strong, spicy aroma she'd smelled on her friend after bouts of sex, but this close it was like a drug or a fine meal. She wanted more... She kissed softly at the folds, tilting her head as though they were the same kind of lips she was used to kissing. Lily bucked suddenly at the sensation and cried out almost inaudibly. 

Janice took that as a sign to continue. She licked all around the folds before digging in to find her clit. It didn't take long and soon she was nibbling, lapping and sucking it the way she liked hers done or had wished someone would. Lily screamed out after a few moments of the treatment and Janice stopped, afraid it would be heard and someone would come to check on them, but over the blood rushing in her ears all she could hear was the music pumping through the store stereo system. On the sales floor, it would be even louder. 

She was about to resume her delicious project when Lily stopped her by cupping her face. "I want us to finish this together. I want to taste you, too, love and get you off at the same time."

Janice leapt to her feet, unfastened her bra and slid off her panties in seconds. The two women kissed again, before Lily spread herself onto the couch and beckoned her lover into a 69 position. Janice straddled her face and was about to attack Lily's secret places again, when Lily's tongue started probing hers in ways she'd never felt before. Lily definitely hadn't forgotten how to please a woman. Janice reveled in the sensations coursing through her body, as the burning ache was slowly being quenched only to be replaced by the progressing intensity of impending orgasm. Wanting to fulfill Lily's desire, she returned to her own attentions, adding a finger to her rhythmic lapping, producing more wetness and new textures.

Lily and Janice, best friends, roommates, coworkers and now lovers, partook of one another hungrily for several minutes before their bodies could take no more. Lily's orgasm began first, but Janice was quick to follow upon feeling her friend's fiery climax. 

Janice felt like her whole body was floating. It was easily the most intense and perfect orgasm she'd ever had. She felt so safe and comfortable to be in such ecstasy with someone she loved and trusted too much. As she felt Lily's moans against her pussy, she took enormous satisfaction in knowing she was producing a similar effect. 

Neither woman could ever say how long they stayed like that or how many orgasms they had. The first thing they could remember clearly was cuddling together on the couch, kissing softly and touching each other gently.

"I love you, Janice," Lily whispered. "I don't want this to be the only time we share this kind of intimacy. I'm not asking you to give up guys or anything. Fuck, I'm not going to, but this was fucking awesome."

"Anytime, Lily, anytime. You just have to help me hook up with Jason, and I'll make love to you every night." Janice smiled coyly and licked the tip of her gal pal's nose. 

They stayed there for only a few more minutes before dressing to get back to work. The Bitch complained about them taking too damn long taking out trash, but neither woman paid attention. Janice and Jason did start dating, but they took their relationship slowly. Janice kept her promise and she and Lily made love regularly. One day, Janice finally told Jason about her extracurricular activity... But that's another story...