 Kendra pulled the note out of her pocket and read it again.

Kendra,

I'm sorry that I've hurt you. What we had was great. But, we both know that it's time to move on. I hope that someday you can look back on this and not hate me. 

Mike

That was the umpteenth time that she had read the note this past month. Each time she read it, there were less tears and more anger. After all, she had worked her ass off at the Sugar Shack for low wages and crappy tips for the past five years to help put Mike through school. To make matters worse, she had come home to find him fucking Amber, the slut from down the hall. 

The night that she had found them together, she had closed the diner early. With the new restaurant across the street sucking up all their customers, there was no need to stay open late anymore. Her boss had told her and Candy, the only other night waitress, to start closing up at eight o'clock instead of nine. So, that night, she and Candy had closed the diner and grabbed a cup of coffee at the café down the street.

"Why don't you come to my place and watch a movie with us tonight," she told Candy.

"Sure, why not. I've got nothing else to do," Candy said with a smile.

When they had walked into Kendra's apartment, they both came to an abrupt halt. Kendra couldn't believe what she was seeing. Mike had Amber bent over their kitchen table. His shirt was off and his rock hard abs were dripping with sweat. Amber's skirt was up over her ass and her shirt was on the floor. Her double D breasts were wiggling all over Kendra's table. Mike had one hand on her back and the other was holding Amber's raven hair like a cowboy holding onto the reins of a bucking bronco. Her long legs were spread wide. She had a tight grip on either side of the table while Mike was gladly slamming his cock into her. 

"Oh yeah, fuck me baby," she screamed.

Needless to say, Kendra spent the night at Candy's apartment.

.....................................................................................................................

"Someday," Kendra questioned as she re-read the note.

Yeah, maybe someday she'd learn to let this go and not hate him. But, today was not that day. She crumpled the note and shoved it back into her uniform pocket. 

The tinkling of the bell on the front door brought her out of my reverie. The last customer had left for the night and it was time to close up. At one time, The Sugar Shack had been famous for miles around because of their delicious pastries. But, since the new Greek restaurant across the street opened up last month, The Sugar Shack hadn't gotten much business. Add that to the fact that Mike left her over a month ago and you have the recipe for a non-existent and depressing sex life. Kendra was beginning to think that sex was a thing of the past.

"I'm so glad closing time is at eight now instead of nine," she said as she leaned over Candy to lock the front door. 

"I know me too," replied Candy. "I'm gonna go to Club Z's and have some fun," she said as she undulated her ass in front of Kendra.

Kendra thought Candy was pretty sexy for a woman of forty. She could only hope to look like that ten years from now. Candy's full bosoms always seemed to be on display like a shiny new bike in a toy store window. 

"Maybe, if I looked like her, then Mike wouldn't have left me," Kendra thought to herself. 

Candy was especially sweet to her after that night they caught Mike with Amber. She had let Kendra stay with her until Mike moved out of the apartment. She even covered some of her shifts and never asked for anything in return. When Kendra would start to get depressed, Candy would tell her that she was really pretty and that they should go out dancing together. Kendra, being so shy, never took her up on the offer. They usually just stayed in and watched movies together. Maybe tonight Kendra would take her up on that offer. After all, it is her 30th birthday and she could use some fun. 

Candy finished wiping down the counter and I shut the lights out in the dining room. All they had left to do was to restock the shelves for the morning crew. When Kendra walked into the kitchen, she saw Candy reaching for the olive oil on the top shelf. Her waitress uniform was a little too small for her and Kendra could see under her dress. 

"Candy," she yelled. 

Oh my God, she's not wearing any underwear! And, she's got a shaved pussy! 

Kendra had never seen a shaved pussy before. It looked so silky smooth. She suddenly had the urge to touch it to see what it felt like. Kendra was so shocked that she wasn't wearing underwear that she didn't realize how loud she had yelled. Candy jumped and the can of olive oil teetered on the top shelf and then fell to the floor with a crash. The lid of the can popped off and olive oil shot into the air in every direction. Within seconds we were both covered in oil.

"Shit," yelled Candy. 

Candy looked at her and then started to laugh. Kendra was covered from head to toe in olive oil. Kendra joined in on the laughter because Candy was just as drenched in oil as she was. 

"Well, I guess we're not getting out of here any time soon," Kendra giggled as she reached for the can of olive oil.

"Don't worry about it Kendra. I'll clean it up. It's your birthday and you really need to go out and get laid," replied Candy reaching for her arm.

"Yeah, I wish. It's been six months since I've had sex." 

Candy looked at Kendra. The oil was dripping down her cheek. 

"Well, I can't really go out like this, now can I?"she said with a grin. 

"I guess not," Candy replied.

Candy reached for the zipper on Kendra's uniform. As she unzipped it, Kendra watched the olive oil stream down between Candy's breasts.

"What are you doing," she asked Candy with a puzzled look.

"I'm helping you. We've gotta get cleaned up and wash our uniforms because I'm taking you out to celebrate your birthday," she replied as she pushed Kendra's uniform off her shoulders. 

As it slid to the floor, Kendra watched her unzip her own uniform. She dropped it to the floor and stepped out of it. Running her hands over her slick breasts, she slipped out of her shoes and reached behind her back. She unclasped her bra and added it to the pile of clothes on the floor. Her breasts seemed to leap out of the bra and her nipples were pointing straight at Kendra. She just stood there and watched her shiny breasts as she bent over and picked up her uniform.

What the hell is wrong with me? I'm staring at a woman and getting really horny. But, damn she's so sexy.

"Well, are you just gonna stand there," asked Candy. 

Kendra reached for her bra and unclasped it tossing it to the floor. 

What the hell am I doing? I'm getting naked with another woman. I wouldn't even undress in front of Mike unless it was dark.

She watched Candy's naked ass wiggle over to the washing machine. She opened the lid and threw her uniform and bra into the machine. 

"Hurry up. If we don't get this stuff washed and dried we'll never get out of this hell hole." 

Candy was motioning for her to hurry up and strip. As Kendra slid her panties down her quivering thighs and stepped out of her shoes, Candy walked over and bent down to pick up the clothes. Her long blonde hair brushed against Kendra's thigh and stuck to the oil on her leg. 

"I love your bra and panties. Where did you get them?"

Her face was so close to Kendra's pussy that she could feel the heat from Candy's breath. A scorching fire started burning in Kendra's groin. It was a hunger that she had never felt before.

"Um, I- uh- I got them from Victoria Secret," she stammered. She couldn't think straight with Candy's breath so hot on her skin and her mouth so close to her pussy.

"Maybe we could go shopping tomorrow and get me a set like that," she said. 

As she stood to toss the clothes into the washing machine, Candy slipped and reached out for Kendra. Kendra grabbed onto her arm and tried to steady the both of them. With the olive oil all over the place, they both slid to the floor. The clothes went flying into the air as Kendra landed on her ass with Candy landing on top of her. 

Their breasts were touching and Candy's face mere inches from Kendra's. A tingling sensation rippled through Kendra's loins and she could feel her clit pulsating. Their breasts rubbed together as they lay there breathing heavy.

Candy looked at Kendra with her ice blue eyes and smiled. She grabbed the can of olive oil and poured it all over her breasts. Kendra gasped at the coldness of the oil. It made her naked nipples get instantly hard. She put the can between Kendra's legs and started rubbing the oil over her pert breasts. Kendra closed her eyes and tilted her head back. She could stay like this forever. When Candy stopped rubbing her breasts, she opened her eyes.

There she was, on her knees with the can of olive oil perched right above her pussy. Kendra looked at Candy and froze.

"Candy, I can't. "

"Shh, it's just an oil massage." she said as she placed her red polished index finger over her lips. 

Kendra laid back as Candy traced her finger down her chin, between her breasts and circled her navel. 

"It feels good doesn't it," she asked as she massaged Kendra's hard nipples.

"Unh-hunh," she mumbled.

She picked up the can of oil again and poured it over Kendra's stomach and let it trickle down to her pussy. She discarded the can and began to rub the oil into her stomach with both hands. 

She pushed Kendra's thighs apart. 

"Candy don't," Kendra cried closing her legs.

"Just relax and enjoy it," she whispered. "You need this as much as I do."

She opened Kendra's legs again and straddled her. She started massaging her stomach again and continued up to her breasts. It felt so good Kendra didn't want her to stop. 

Don't let her touch your pussy. It's not right. You're not a lesbian.

Just as she thought that, Candy started rubbing her own pussy against Kendra's. That's the moment that Kendra lost control of all her senses. Oh, God, she wanted Candy to touch her all over! Kendra reached out for her, her trembling hands finding Candy's full breasts. The oil made everything so slippery. Her hands slid easily over Candy's breasts. She began pinching her nipples and Candy let out a groan. Candy grabbed Kendra's hands and pushed them into her breasts then slid them down her stomach to her wet shaven pussy. Kendra couldn't believe how slick and silky it felt. Her fingers slid between the lips of Candy's oil slicked pussy. She was a little shocked that she had done that and pulled her hand back. Candy lay down on top of Kendra. Their mouths were just inches away from each other. Kendra licked her lips and bit her bottom lip in anticipation.

Candy began rubbing her pussy on Kendra's. Kendra arched her back and closed her eyes. Candy took that moment to kiss Kendra full on the lips. With a flick of her tongue, she parted Kendra's lips and her tongue entered her mouth. Kendra thought she was going to orgasm right then and there. Candy knew that she was enjoying it from the guttural moans that escaped from her throat. Kendra reached around Candy and started rubbing her ass. They kissed for a long time rubbing their oil soaked, slippery bodies together.

"I have a surprise for you," Candy said with a grin.

"I'm not sure that I can handle anymore," she replied.

"Don't move." Candy crawled on her hands and knees over to the refrigerator. Kendra watched her ass wiggle back and forth as she struggled across the oily floor. Her hand instinctively reached for her slick pussy. She couldn't hold back anymore. She had gone way too long without sex. She lifted her legs up to her breasts and slipped a finger into her wet snatch and wiggled it around as she rubbed her clit with her thumb. Candy opened the refrigerator and retrieved something. Kendra couldn't see what it was.

"Close your eyes," she said. 

She closed her eyes and rubbed her clit with one hand as she held her thigh up with the other. The excitement of not knowing what Candy was going to do was driving Kendra mad.

"No, you don't," Candy said with a giggle as she pulled Kendra's hand away from her pussy. "You leave that up to me."

Kendra's eyes started to flutter open.

"Don't you dare," she said as she patted her ass. "Stay just like that, don't move."

Kendra closed her eyes again. Her pussy was pulsating like crazy. The anticipation almost made her cum. Candy rubbed the oil over Kendra's ass and then up her thighs. Candy rubbed it in to warm it up. Kendra felt something cold on her pussy. As she lifted her head and opened her eyes, she looked straight at the largest cucumber she had ever seen. It must have been at least 4 inches wide and 8 inches long. 

How the hell is that going to fit into me? 

"No way," Kendra said with a shaky voice. "I can't take something that big!"

"Oh yes you can. Trust me," said Candy as she rubbed the cucumber along Kendra's slit and up to her clit.

Kendra laid her head back down and braced for the pain.

"That's a good girl," she said.

She grabbed the oil with her other hand and poured it right onto Kendra's already sopping wet pussy. "Mmm, yes," she moaned as Candy continued to rub the cucumber over her wet pussy and between her ass cheeks. 

"You like that don't you? How bad do you want it?"

"I want it bad," Kendra growled as she lifted her ass in the air.

Candy stopped rubbing the cucumber on her and slapped her ass. The sound was loud because of the oil. Kendra jumped a little and opened her eyes.

"Now you can keep your eyes open. Because, I want you to watch what I'm going to do to you," she said as she slapped Kendra's ass again.

The sting of her slap almost made Kendra cum. Her breath was coming so fast she thought she was going to hyperventilate. Kendra leaned her head forward and watched as Candy rubbed the cucumber along her pussy. She rubbed the cucumber up and down between Kendra's slippery pussy lips. Kendra wanted her to shove it deep and hard inside of her. Candy spread Kendra's pussy lips apart and slowly slid the cucumber into the soaking wet pussy one inch at a time until Kendra had taken almost the whole 8 inches.  She couldn't believe that something that big could feel so fucking good. She was expecting pain. The pain never came. But, she was about to. 

Candy worked it in and out of her while rubbing Kendra's clit with her left hand. Kendra thought that her clit was going to explode. As her breath came faster, Candy took her left hand and started rubbing Kendra's asshole. 

All of a sudden, Candy stopped fucking her with the cucumber and said, "Hold the cucumber and don't move." 

Kendra reached down and held the cucumber in her pussy as she was told. Candy reached over and pulled a suction cup vibrator out of her purse. She suctioned it to the floor and slid her wet pussy down onto it and turned it on. As she rose up and down the shaft of the vibrator, she took the cucumber in her hand and began to thrust it in and out of Kendra's pussy. With each thrust, she slammed her pussy down on the vibrator. Kendra watched Candy's eyes roll back in her head. 

She looked so beautiful with her full breasts and shaven pussy. Her long blonde hair was soaked with oil and clung to her breasts. Just the sight of Candy's naked, oil-slicked body fucking her with a cucumber made Kendra shudder. Her pace quickened and so did their breathing. Candy leaned forward and caressed one of Kendra's breasts. She instinctively reached out for one of Candy's breasts. Candy's nipples were so fucking hard. Kendra just wanted to suck on them and bite them. 

Kendra couldn't hold back anymore. An orgasm exploded inside her. She heard Candy moan loudly and then she sank into Kendra. Kendra let go of her legs and let them slide to the floor. The cucumber slipped from her quivering pussy. 

Candy looked her in the eyes and gave Kendra a long, hard kiss. Her tongued probed Kendra's mouth as she rubbed her pussy up and down Kendra's bush. She stiffened her body, arched her back.

"Oh Kendra." The raspy sound of her name coming from Candy's throat made Kendra shudder with pleasure. She hadn't heard anyone say her name like that in a long time.

Brushing the hair from Kendra's face, Candy said, "Happy birthday. I hope you liked your gift."

Kendra reached up and caressed her lovely face.

"It was the most amazing gift that anyone has ever given me," she said breathlessly and then parted Candy's lips with her tongue. 

Candy's tongue reciprocated as they took turns sucking on each other's tongue.

"Next time, I'm going to use a carrot and fuck you up the ass," she said. 

Candy smiled and then placed her teeth over Kendra's nipple and bit down. Kendra arched her back.

"Next time?" Kendra gasped.

"Oh yeah, next time," she said. Her teeth sunk harder into Kendra's nipple.

"Next time, I get to ride the vibrator and fuck you with the cucumber," Kendra said with a big smile on my face.

"So, what's on your agenda tomorrow night," she asked as she placed the vibrator between Kendra's pussy lips. 

Kendra could feel another orgasm coming on. It took all of her energy to answer her.

"You are," Kendra screamed as the orgasm overtook her.