 ~Just a quick reminder, this is a series which means it has a build up to the "sexual" finale. So don't leave comments saying "Where's the sex?", if you want a story with sex in it, don't read this! Oh and if you do, I suggest you read part one and two to get the jist, thanks!~

During the week that followed, Ashleigh became more and more frustrated. She never had any time alone to relieve the tension and she was always around Claud, which just made it worse. 

She threw herself back on her bed after a long day tending to the kids. She was sweaty and tired and she ached, she'd been coaching Tennis all morning and supervising Swimming all afternoon. Claud pottered about in the bathroom and Ashleigh felt her eyes close.

Her eyes snapped open again, she looked around her. She was in a field full of beautiful flowers, Claud was sitting on a blanket next to her. She wore a short denim skirt and a white vest. As the cool breeze ruffled her hair, Ashleigh could see Claud's perfect breats through the thin material of her vest. 

Claud looked over, a sexy smile all over her gorgeous face. She shuffled closer to Ashleigh and lay a soft hand on her thigh, rubbing it in small, gentle circles.

"Ash, ever since the moment I saw you on the first day of camp, I wanted you soooo badly," Claud licked her rosebud lips and Ashleigh trembled.

"M...M..me too," she stuttered.

"Oh, thank God! I hoped you felt the same way! Now I know you do, I can finally do this!" Claud's beautiful eyes flashed with excitement.

"Do what?" Ashleigh's question was never answered though, as at that moment, Claud leant over and placed her soft, fantastic lips on Ashleigh's.

Claud pushed Ashleigh back on the blanket, her tongue teasing open Ashleigh's lips. She tasted like chocolate. Ashleigh opened her mouth wider so Claud's skilled tongue could do devastating things inside her mouth. She sighed and sank into Claud's mouth.

With a sharp jolt, Ashleigh's eyes opened and she was brought back to Earth. Her breathing was heavy and her eyes darted skittishly across the room. It was a dream! That beautiful scene in the field had been a dream! Ashleigh felt like crying, she would never be able to tell Claud how she felt about her. 

The bathroom door opened and Claud walked in, looking spectacular in her white summer dress. It set off her tanned skin. Her damp honey coloured hair was tied back off her face with a clip, a single strand of hair falling against her cheek.

"Hey Ash, good dream? You were out nearly an hour. I didn't like to wake you, you seemed to be so peaceful. Though, you were panting quite hard. Who were you dreaming about?" Claud pouted in her mischevious way.

"Erm....just some guy I like back home," Ashleigh lied and Claud seemed satisfied.

"I'm going out tonight Ash, if that's okay? I'm just going Joe, that guy at lunch today? He's so hot! I can't wait!" Claud hooked a long, dangly earring into her slender ear lobes. "See you later, don't wait up!" Claud giggled at her cheesey joke and walked out the door.

Ashleigh lay back against her pillow, tears streaming down her cheeks. Claud would never know her feelings. She wished she was Joe, he was so lucky to have Claud's affection. She buried her head in her pillow and cried herself to sleep.

Ashleigh's eyes slowly opened, she glanced at the bedside clock. It was midnight, Claud's bed was still empty. Ashleigh's cheeks were sticky with tears and she had slept fitfully. Her groin was on fire and she could feel how sopping wet she was through her pyjamas. 

She picked up her pillow and pressed her mouth against it, imagining that it was Claud she was kissing instead. She let an idle hand wander down to her breast. She squeezed her nipple and bit the pillow with the strength of the sensation. She needed some relief badly.

She bunched the pillow up between her legs, slowly rocking back and forth against it. She moaned a little as the soft sensation of the pillow tickled her pussy. She ground harder against the pillow, moving her hips in time.

Through Ashleigh's mind flashed images Claud. Claud in her beautiful bikini, outlining her every curve and her gorgeous full breasts, the pert bottom and the firm thighs. Claud covered in clay, looking mucky and cute in a pair of cut off dungarees, her hair a sexy matted mess of clay and paint, her face a picture of happiness.

Ashleigh sighed as she ground against the pillow, her breathing starting to get more rapid. She slowly brought herself to a halt and lifted her leg. She got to her feet and wandered over to Claud's bedside table. She pulled open the drawer and fumbled around. There were some socks and a few pennies, Ashleigh found what she looking for at the back, a pair of Claud's panties. They were pink with lace trim, as Ashleigh brought them to her nostrils, the odour of Claud's pussy filled her nostrils. 

She lay back on Claud's bed, the panties still at her nose. Her hand pulled off her shorts and stroked against the soft, silky material of her panties. Ashleigh sniffed Claud's panties and dreamt of Claud's beautiful body stretched over hers, Claud's slender fingers brushing the outside of Ashleigh's panties in such a sensual that Ashleigh wanted to scream in frustration.

Ashleigh slowly, cautiously slipped off her panties, letting her fingers wind around her trimmed pubic hair. It was soft and wiry, but what Ashleigh was really interested in was the prize they held between them.

She pulled back her pussy lips and let a finger trace them. She gasped at the cool, cold finger against her hot skin. As she shivered, Claud's panties made their way down, down, down. Ashleigh bunched them into a ball and rubbed them smoothly, softly against her pussy. Her legs widened without Ashleigh even thinking about it, her hips arching to meet the touch.

Ashleigh remembered something she had read in a magazine as a teenager and never tried. It had said, instead of rocking and grinding and raising your hips during intercourse or masturbation, to try to resist the temptation. The women swore that it made it worth your while, intensifying the frustration, giving you a longer draw out and a larger orgasm.

Ashleigh lowered her hips to the bed and dropped the panties to her side. A single inger slid into the creamy, dripping wet depths of her hole. She slowly moved it in and out, replacing it with Claud's finger in her sweaty, sexual daydream. She started to pump it faster until she felt a small trickle of cum spill out onto the bed. She withdrew her finger, wiping them against her pyjama top. As she glanced down, she saw she had made a damp patch on Claud's bed. Ashleigh hoped it would dry by the time Claud was back and wouldn't give off too much of an odour. 

Then she relaxed against the pillow again, running silky fingers up and down her body. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Claud's lipgloss tube. It had a rounded end. Ashleigh wanted to feel something hard and plastic against her clitorus, the small aching bud begging to be released. She reached over and took it in her fist.

Ashleigh rubbed it in slow, small circles around her button, opening her legs wider to get the full extent of the tickling, sweet pleasures. She fighted to resist the urge to buck and hump and raise her hips, biting her tongue to stop herself from moaning aloud. She gripped the bedsheet with her spare hand, rubbing the tube in bigger, more rapid circles. She wished it was Claud with her now, making her feel how she was feeling. 

Her toes curled and her knuckles turned white as her whole pussy pulsated but never continuing on into a climax. Not grinding and arching her hips was difficult, everytime Ashleigh neared her orgasm, it would ebb away, making her grunt in frustration. Her hand was moving in frantic circles on her clitorus, she could feel herself growing wetter and wetter as she continued.

Slowly her legs started to shake and body quivered. Her hand ached slightly but she couldn't stop now, she was so close to that little bit of relief she had longed for, for so long now. 

Inside her pussy, she felt a huge shock and her whole body twitched as a racing orgasm sped through her. Her chest heaved as it continued on, not ending. The waves of pleasure just kept coming and Ashleigh widened her legs, moving her hand so fast it was a blur. She felt the contractions inside her, the pulsating movement of her soaking pussy. 

It slowly faded away and Ashleigh lay back on Claud's bed, feeling exhausted but relieved. She brushed a strand of sweaty hair out of her eyes and put the tube back on Claud's bed. But by the doorway, she saw a movement. Her eyes instantly flicked over and she saw Claud standing in the doorway, her eyes wide and her lips slightly parted. 

"I...I....I...." Ashleigh stuttered, standing to her feet, hastily pulling up her panties.

Claud said nothing, just walked closer, closer still until their bodies were pressed against each other, Ashleigh felt Claud's hot breath on her, could feel the other girls' heaving chest. Ashleigh looked up into Claud's eye, while Claud stared back. Claud body trembled and she took one step closer...

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~TO BE CONTINUED~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~