 WARNING!!

This is short, sweet, and somewhat romantic. If that is not what you want, you've been warned.

.................................................

"Against the wall."

Surprised, I looked up at the girl in front of me. Her short brown hair was tussled from our (up until now) slow and sweet make out session, but her eyes were what got me. I'd never seen them turn that shade of green before. They widened as she repeated her demand.

"Against. The wall."

Smirking, I placed my hands on my hips.

"You can't be serious." I stated, cocking my hip to the side. "Since when are you giving orders?"

I watched her face, waiting for her to drop her gaze and mumble a sorry. Instead, I saw her jaw tighten and her arm muscles flex. Distracted, I stared at the curves her arms made when tensed. It never ceased to amaze me how much muscles turned me on. 

In two seconds, my nose was pressed against the white paint of her bedroom wall. She had seen an opening and took it. Still in shock, I stood still, dazed for a moment. She used this gap in my thinking to run her hand through my long hair and get a good grip. Gently pulling back, she kicked my legs apart with her foot. I could hear her heavy breathing and was surprised to notice my own was shallow.

I couldn't believe this. It's not like we played dominant and submissive every time we fucked, but when we did, she was never on top. I had a need for control, and that was understood by every girl I messed around with. Until now.

"What do you think you're doing?" I asked, my voice muffled by my mouth's closeness to the wall.

She leaned in, pressing her body entirely against mine as she moved my hair away from my neck. She bit gently, and I shivered. She moved to a new spot and gently bit again, never answering my question. I realized for the first time that I was scared.

"Come on baby, enough fooling around." I said, letting a nervous chuckle escape my lips. "Let's move this to the bed, hmm?"

I could feel my pussy throbbing through my jeans and I was already anxious to be naked and on top of her. She still didn't respond. Instead, she slowly raised one of her legs between mine until I was on my tippy toes trying to avoid it directly contacting my crotch. I opened my mouth to whimper and then quickly bit my lip, trying to decide what to do. Her full weight was pressing on my back and there was no way I could push her off. What was really getting to me was her silence. 

As my mind wandered, so did her hands. One pressed me firmly into wall using the small of my back, and the other reached around and brushed against the crotch of my jeans.

"Lift your hips off the wall." She said, one decibel above a whisper. I was amazed by how calm and soothing her voice was, and I had begun to move my hips backwards before I caught myself. Setting my jaw, I refused to budge. Laughing, she twisted her fingers into my hair again. Pulling my head back slowly, she placed her other hand right below my throat. Panicked, I instinctively pushed away from the wall. When I did this, she slid her hand down until it was hooked into my pants.

My eyes were stinging with tears, though I would never admit it. How could she? She knew better than to go anywhere near my throat. That was a no touch zone. It was a personal fear of mine to be choked or out of breath in any way. It was the one kinky thing I just couldn't do. I felt my trust in her crumble away and the fight left my body. She held me up and pressed her mouth against my ear.

"Really?" she whispered her voice calm. "We've been fucking for over a year now. I've been in love with you for just as long. All I've done is trust you."

Her tongue traced the inside of my ear as her hand gently unbuttoned my jeans and pushed them down. Her other hand was tracing small reassuring circles on my scalp as she tugged down my panties and continued to whisper.

"I've given you every piece of me I could." She said, tilting my head to the side and trailing soft kisses down the right side of my neck. "But you are holding back on me. I get it, control is fun. And damn the sex is hot."

A finger traveled until it was barely moving at the top of my clit. She dragged down gently and small stars erupted in front of my vision. For the first time since I met her, I heard anger in her voice.

"Why don't you trust me?" She growled, still gentle as ever as her finger continued its torturing drag up and down.

"Why won't you let yourself love me completely? I can't have sex without emotion with you forever. I get it, you were hurt. Well, now you're hurting me. Do you really think I could choke you? Am I really not allowed to even put my hand near your heart?"

She was slowly rolling my clit between two fingers, and I felt my eyes widen and my mouth open. Silent tears rolled down my cheeks as my mind fought to keep walls and boundaries up. 

"Trust Me." Untangling her hand from my hair, she laid my head back against her shoulder. Sliding her hand forward, she moved towards my throat again. Trembling, my eyes shot open.

"Let. Go." She demanded in my ear, her other hand still slowly rubbing me. "I'm not going to hurt you!"

I didn't know what to do. I could feel her heart beat against my back, and suddenly, I was filled with guilt. This girl had been there for me through the worst year of my life. She Hadn't even batted an eye when I told her I wasn't interested in a relationship. When she felt me pull away, she would gently withdraw until I felt comfortable enough to miss her. She was my rock. The one person who never pushed me. All she was asking me to do was let go. Breathing in deeply, I exhaled, and did just that.

The minute I did, she softly slipped two fingers inside me and thumbed my clit. Her other hand rested on my throat at first, then slid down to cover my heart before traveling further down to pinch my nipples through my shirt. I had never been handled so gently. I was moaning low and listening to the rumbling of her protective sexual growl and thrusting slowly against her hand all at the same time. I didn't even feel the orgasm coming until it hit me.

I've never had a peaceful orgasm before. My hips gently rolled forward and I made a soft sound as I came, spasming on her fingers in slow jerks. Suddenly, I was exhausted. My mind cloudy from the small explosion my body just had, I finally said it.

"I love you." I whispered, my breathing slowly returning to normal. 

"I know." She said, swooping me up in her arms and dumping me on the bed. "I know."