 “Come on silly hurry up we’re going to be late!” I called out to my friend Katie.

My parents had planned for us to go to our cottage for a few days and had asked if I wanted to bring anyone with me. Having just broken up with my boyfriend due to being extremely bored with guys in general, I had decided to invite Katie to come with us instead.

“I’m coming, sorry I couldn’t find my bathing suit,” she replied as she quickly jumped into my car and smiled.

I stared at her for a moment, perhaps too long to be called a normal glance. She was well toned and beautifully tanned. Her long blonde hair waved down slightly past her shoulders. She was about the same size as me in the chest, maybe a bit bigger…I stopped suddenly realizing I was checking out my best friend. What the hell am I doing?

I looked up at her and blushed as I realized I must have been looking at her for quite awhile because she had a rather quizzical look on her face. Luckily she brushed it off and smiled.

“Hey you said we’re going to be late and here you are taking your sweet time even starting the car,” she laughed.

I laughed also then began heading towards my parents’ house. From there I grabbed my bags and threw them into my mother’s car.

“Where have you two been? We’ve been waiting nearly an hour, come on in the car let’s go,” my mom said as she motioned her arms for us to hurry.

The ride up there was rather boring, we talked about school and how this was our last year of high school, and who we last dated. Well more like whom I had last dated. For some reason Katie never seemed to date. Don’t get me wrong she’s a stunning girl and has had many people ask her, but she never seemed interested for some reason.

When we finally got up there we unpacked and set our rooms up. Since it was a small cottage Katie and I would have to share a room. My dad said he would set the cot up later on after dinner. 

We ate late, around 8 p.m. or so then made a fire and had a few drinks. Me, being the easy drunk I am, got pretty tipsy. After our parents called it a night and headed in, Katie and I started to have more interesting things to say.

“How far have you gone with a guy?” she blurted out. I smiled at her and giggled a bit because even though it was fairly dark, I could see her blushing.

“All the way,” I replied nonchalantly. She seemed surprised by this and very interested.

“How many times? Did you like it? When was the last time you had sex?” she asked. I laughed even harder and gave her a funny look.

“You sure do ask a lot of questions! Why don’t you tell me how far you’ve gone with a guy first?” I said still rather surprised at how nosey she was.

She blushed and looked down at the ground. “I haven’t done anything with guys,” she replied.

Teasingly I said, “Oh not a guy person eh? How bout girls?” Of course I was only joking and didn’t expect the answer I got.

She suddenly looked up at me almost in shock like I seemed to have figured her out or something. “I errm umm.. everything,” she replied then looked away and focused on the water that was splashing against the rocks, pretending to study every move it made.

I was shocked at first by what she had just told me, but quickly shrugged it off realizing it wasn’t a big deal, and for some reason… I was sort of excited by this news.

I reassured her it didn’t bother me and curiously asked what it was like. She told me that lesbian sex is amazing because a girl knows every little thing that makes you feel good, and knows naturally exactly what to do. 

After continuing our conversation for quite some time, and me getting rather aroused by it, we decided to head to bed. When I stood up the drinks I had earlier seemed to throw me off balance and I stumbled over the chair, getting the coroner of it right in my leg. I yelped out in pain and quickly sat back down. 

Katie rushed over to me to make sure I was ok, then helped me up and allowed my to lean against her as we walked back up to the cottage. I suddenly became aware that the fact she was holding me tightly around my waist was actually making me more excited. I glanced at her nervously and noticed she had caught my glance. Our eyes locked momentarily and I couldn’t seem to tear myself away from her green twinkling eyes. Finally she looked away to open the door and we headed towards our room.

“What am I doing?” I asked myself worriedly. “Am I looking at Katie like I think I am?”

I quickly pushed the thoughts out of my head as she opened the bedroom door and stepped in. 

“Looks like your dad forgot to set up the cot,” she said, almost excitedly.

I shrugged. “That’s ok you can share my bed as long as you don’t hog the blankets,” I laughed and walked over to my drawer. As I changed into my PJ’s with my back turned to Katie, I had the feeling her eyes were watching me, but didn’t dare turn around to find out. I finished changing at the same time as her and we jumped into bed quickly. I shivered slightly from the cold then reached over and turned off the light.

“You cold?” I heard the voice beside me ask worriedly.
“Just a bit,” I replied and snuggled into the blankets more.

I gasped as I felt her warm body move closer and her arms wrap around me.
“Warmer?” she asked. I could almost hear the smile in her voice.
I loosened up a bit after getting over the shock that my friend was obviously coming onto me and began to enjoy her warmth. 

From the light in the hall I could see her face and beautiful smile. Once again I found myself lost in her gaze and couldn’t look away. She moved in to kiss me, and stopped only momentarily to give me time to push her away but I didn’t so she continued and pressed her soft lips against mine.

I could taste her lip-gloss and surprised myself when I kissed her back and licked her lips. Our kiss soon turned into a passionate, deep kiss as her tongue probed mine then began sucking on it. I could feel the wetness in my panties growing as my excitement heightened. 

She began caressing up and down my arm then down my thighs and up over my ass. 

My mind was telling me it was wrong but my body was screaming yes. She could see the conflict in my eyes and moved closer to whisper in my ear, “Tonight, you are mine, don’t worry I’ll take care of you.” Then gently sucked my ear and moved to covering my neck in little kisses and licks.

I shuddered as she did this, and then pulled her in for another kiss. We kissed for what seemed minutes but only lasted for a few seconds before she broke the kiss and took off my shirt and bra. She carefully pushed me on my back then got on top of me and began kissing her way down my neck till she was at my breasts.

My nipples were already hard I could feel them before when they pressed against my shirt. She started to lick and suck on my left nipple while teasing and playing with the other in her hand. 

It amazed me to notice how well she did this. When any of my many boyfriends did it, it was always so clumsy and didn’t really turn me on at all. But when Katie did it I got about ten times wetter than I already was and even let out a moan.

“Mmm you like that don’t you?” she asked teasingly and stopped.

“Yes,” I gasped. She chuckled as I whimpered, wanting her to continue. 

After a few more moments she decided she had teased me enough and returned to playing with my breasts, then kissed and licked her way down around my belly button. She rubbed her face against my skin and smiled. “So smooth,” she commented as her hands began to explore just underneath my panties.

She looked up at me and grinned, “I don’t think we’ll be needing these on, do you?”

I simply looked at her as she began to slide my PJ bottoms off, then hooked her thumbs to my panties and pulled them down, stopping only momentarily too enjoy the view of my shaved pussy, and swollen lips. “My, you’re wet… did I do that?” she asked already knowing the answer.

I managed to choke out a “Yes”. She snickered to herself then began to kiss my inner thighs, moving inwards with every touch from her soft lips.

I shuddered and moaned in anticipation, pleading for her to relive my flaming pussy. 

Able to understand what I wanted she moved her face closer to my pussy, I spread my legs and could feel her hot breath against my lips.

She licked once up and down the length of my pussy, then began playing with and taunting my clit, licking it so I could just feel it, but barely enough pressure to do me any good except to make me scream in agony because she wouldn’t move in closer. I squirmed until she finally dove in and began sucking and licking my hard clit.

I couldn’t help but moan. And I moaned loud. Katie quickly reached up a hand and put a finger to my lips signaling that I had to keep quiet because my parents were in the room beside us. 

I understood and bit my lip attempting not to let the whimpers and moans of pleasure escape me.

As she continued to licks and suck my clit like no one ever had before, she slid her finger inside me slowly, then put another in and crossed them and began to pump in and out while rotating them.

I couldn’t help it and let out another loud moan as I shuddered and came. She continued pumping her fingers ferociously and sucking my clit, as she reached up and began pinching and squeezing my nipple, sending me over the edge as I came at 3 more times.

“Ohhh my God I’m cummminng!” I screamed at the top of my lounges.

I arched my back and could feel my juices flowing out of me and all over her hand. She slowed down her tempo, and licked me gently only a few times before removing her fingers from my soaked pussy. 

She lied there between my legs for awhile gently cleaning me and tasting my juices, then moved up beside me and sucked her fingers clean grinning.

I kissed her deeply tasting my own cum on her lips, and pulled her closer embracing her in a hug.

“I take it you liked that?” she said giggling.

“Oh God yes!” I smiled.

“Good,” she smiled back, “So then I suppose I shouldn’t make plans for tomorrow night?”

“The only plans you’re making are with me Hun,” I replied. “And then I can pay you back for everything you just did to me.”

She smiled and said she was looking forward to it and so was I. We cuddled and kissed each other for a while before I drifted off to sleep, dreaming of what was to cum… oops I mean come.

Writers Note,

 I’m welcome to any suggestions you might have. This was my first time attempting to write a short story with sexual content in it. I hope I was to your liking and would love to write more, but only if you think it’s good so please write back with comments.