 I woke with the sound of my alarm going off. It was 8:00 am and the thought of me going on summer vacation for a month without my best friend started clouding my mind again. Mia had some unexpected family drama come up and she couldn't go with me. Looks like I was spending a whole month with my grandparents and no best friend in Jamestown Ky.

I was 21 at the time and I lived in a trailer on the opposite end of my parents 30 acre farm with my best friend. Mia. We have been best friends since elementary school. We both worked in a nursing home and we made pretty decent money and we split the electric, water and grocery bill each. We both had new cars and insurance. So, I say we had it pretty good. 

As I got up to take a shower, I turned the water on and got undressed. I stepped into the warm shower and the water felt good streaming down my breasts, back and the top of my ass.

" I wish Greg was here for just one more good fuck before I left," I thought to myself.

Greg and I broke up a week before because he couldn't stop cheating on me. Greg and I met when I was 16 and he was 19. He was my first and only love, and the only person I've ever had sex with.

As I really started to relax in the warm water, I heard my doorbell ring. Hoping it was Mia coming to say "everything is good I'm going with you," I jumped out and wrapped a towel around me and ran to unlock the door. Greg must have sensed me thinking about him because when I opened the door it was him. 

"Hello beautiful," he said, "Can I come in and talk for a minute? please Mary?" he asked.

"Yea sure," I replied.

As he followed me inside I realized I still had soap on me, so I turned and looked at him for a moment then said "Make yourself comfy for a few while I finish my shower."

"Okay," he said.

As I walked back toward the bathroom, I caught myself wanting him to follow me. As I closed the door and dropped my towel the door opened and Greg was standing there looking at me.

"Can I join you baby please I miss fucking you and I miss us and you're going to leave for a month without me. I just want to feel you before you go." he pled.

I stood there looking at him knowing I wanted him just as bad as he wanted me. I got in the shower and held the curtain open in a gesture to come on. As Greg is undressing, I feel my insides start to tingle. I love this man and I love the way he felt inside me so how could I say no? Greg got in the shower and turned me facing him and begins to kiss me. 

"I've missed fucking this pussy, " he said, "This is my pussy and only my pussy," he whispered.

I didn't say anything because I was still hurt from him cheating on me again, for the 100th time.

He repeated it again and said "Tell me it's only mine."

I just looked at him. I could tell he was getting mad like he did alot here lately. He ended up getting out of the shower, grabbing his clothes and walking out of the bathroom. I just stood in the shower for a moment and then finished washing off.

I thought Greg left so when I walked into my room to get dressed I was surprised to him sitting on my bed naked. I didn't say anything because honestly I wanted him to leave. As I walked to my closet to get some clothes Greg walked up behind me and started kissing my neck. He reached around and played with my tits, then with one hand he reached down to my pussy and rubbed it. I didn't stop him because I wanted to get fucked. As my pussy started getting hot and wet, Greg bent me over the edge of my bed and I felt his tongue rub against my asshole. Then I felt his big 7 inch dick touch the opening of my pussy. He slide his dick into me slow at first then started pumping in and out of me faster and faster.

"Do you love this dick baby?" he asked me, "You want this dick all the time, don't you?"

I just moaned and bucked against his thrusts. He started fucking me harder and harder and I could feel my release building up. I was about to explode when he flipped me over onto the bed and started fucking me again we both exploded at the same time.

Greg left to go to work and I got in the shower again. I got dressed and finished packing my stuff. I really didn't want to go to Kentucky but I promised my grandparents so I loaded the car. I called my parents to let them know I was on my way out and then I called Mia to check on things and let her know I was leaving. I pulled out of my driveway at 10:30 am.

-----------

Jamestown Ky. 

My grandparents had a boat and kayaks and they lived right on Lake Cumberland. The Lake was a popular summer vacation spot for visitors. I really hoped I was going to have a good time.

My eight hour drive with stops for food and gas was exhausting since I drove from Charlottesville Virginia to Jamestown Ky. I was almost to my grandparent's house and I couldn't wait to get there and go to bed. I called my grandmother Martha to let her know I was at the gas station down from their house and would be there in about 20 minutes.

As I pulled up, Martha is outside waiting on me. She helped me get my stuff out and take them to my room. I hadn't been there since I was 16 years old. It was still the same. My grandfather Jack was watching tv and I went in and hugged him. He was glad I came to visit too. It's was 8:30 and my body wanted rest.

"I'm going to go to bed, " I said, "I'm exhausted."

"Goodnight dear," they said.

The sun came through my window full force that morning.

" Rise and shine," I said to myself, "What to do today! I guess I'll go find my cousins I haven't seen in awhile."

As I pulled up at my uncle Mike's house I saw my cousins Karen and Amy coming out the front door in cut off shorts, a bikini top and about to get in a jeep. I got out of my car. When they saw me, they ran up to me screaming.

"Mary, you really came," they said.

"Yes, I'm here," I said, "Where are you two going?" I asked.

"Oh, we are going to a big party on the lake with a bunch of friends," Karen said .

"Yea," said Amy "you should come too." 

"I didn't bring lake clothes with me, " I said.

I had a little sun dress on and sandals.

Both Karen and Amy looked at me and at the same time said, "You can wear our clothes."

"Well okay then, let's get this party started," I said.

I was more the size of Karen, with size C tits and size 8 shorts, I had a flat stomach but a bubbly ass. Me and Karen almost have the same looks as well as age. I just turned 21 and she turned 21 about 4 months ago. I have long dark hair with brown eyes and she has short brown hair with brown eyes. Amy was built like a stick but she was very pretty and will be 20 soon.

As we went to get in the jeep I ran to beat Amy to the front passenger seat. Karen was driving thank goodness because I had no clue where we we're going. We turned onto a dirt driveway and I saw a huge house that sat on the lake with a huge dock and 2 boats. As we got closer I heard music and laughing coming from the back of the house. When we got out a few people came running around to us. They knew Karen and Amy very well. They introduced me to everyone and one person stands out from them all; I don't know why but there was something that drew me to her. Her blonde hair, blue eyes and nice tits (maybe a D cup), she was just so sexy.

"Helen, this is my cousin Mary," Karen said.

"Hello Mary," Helen said.

" Hi," I replied.

"So, Mary is here for a summer vacation of fun, so let's show her a good time everyone!!" Amy shouted.

As the night went on everyone was having a good time. I kept having guys hit on me and asking me out. It was flattering but all I could do is think about Greg and what he was doing. I kept drinking trying to stop thinking of him, when Helen came over and sat next to me.

"So are you having a good time Mary?" She asked.

" Yes I am," I said.

"Do you have a boyfriend at home - girlfriend?" she asked.

"Yes I kinda have a boyfriend but we are broken up at this moment. He cheated on me again."

"Oh no," she said.

Helen just kept staring at me, I could tell she was very drunk. She leaned over and whispered in my ear, "Can I ask you a personal question?"

"Uummm sure," I said.

"Have you ever been with a girl?" she ask me seductively.

"No never." I said.

"Would you be interested?" she asked.

I looked at her and laughed, I shook my head and said, " I don't know."

I got a little embarrassed. I got up and walked toward Karen to ask for the time. She let me know she was planning to leave at 1:00 am. I felt relieved because I didn't want to be the one ready to go when they weren't. 

Amy wasn't drinking so she drove us back to their house, she was going to go back to the party to get her boyfriend and go stay the night with him and I asked if she'd drop me off at our grandparents house on her way.

"I'll get grandma to take me to get my car in the morning," I told them.

A week went by and I was actually having a good summer; I was actually not even thinking about Greg. My mind and body were focused on the one person who kept flirting with me, Helen. I've never really given a thought to being with a girl before but there was something about Helen and the way she talked and flirted with me.

I was home with my grandparents having dinner and watching tv when I looked at the clock after I let out a huge yawn, it was 10:00. I got up and kissed both my grandparents on the head and told them goodnight.

I turned the lights out and got into bed and as I lay there I started to rub my tits and then moved my hand down to my pussy, it was wet, I was thinking about Helen today in her bikini at the lake and how I admired her tits and her hard nipples through her bikini top. How her bottoms snugged the outline of her pussy and how it would feel to be with her sexually. I fingered myself picturing Helen fingering me and eating my pussy. I could feel my muscles tightening around my fingers as I fucked myself. I came and fingered myself faster then I sucked on my fingers and licked my cum and tasted it and imagined it was Helen licking my cum off her fingers.

As I was dosing off I thought to myself, "I want to be with her and if she flirts with me tomorrow I'm going to take it farther this time. I'm not going to brush her off and laugh... I want her."

The next day I went kayaking with Karen and Amy, it was so peaceful and the weather was perfect, but I kept thinking about Helen. When we returned a bunch of us were laying out by the pool at Helen's house by the lake, we were drinking of course and talking about how our summer was so far. I kept looking at Helen and smiling waiting on her to flirt with me but she didn't. As the day turned to night we are lit and there was a lot more of us now partying. I heard Helen laughing so I followed her voice to find her. As I stood there watching her and staring, she looked at me and smiled but didn't approach me. I didn't know what to do so in a panic I blew her a kiss. She looked at me in wonder and came to me.

"What was that kiss for?" she asked me.

"I wanted your attention," I said.

"Really?!!!, what kind of attention?" she demanded.

"You stopped flirting with me. Why?" I asked.

"Well you acted like you were not interested so I stopped," she whispered to me.

"I'm just nervous and shy," I said, " I've never been with a girl and I've only been with One person sexually," I told her.

"Well lets change that. I'll go slow," she said .

I looked at her and smiled. She motioned for me to follow her into the house so I did. We went up to her bedroom and she locked the door behind us. I felt my body shaking but I wanted this. Helen went over to the bed and tells me to come sit with her, so I obeyed. She could tell I was nervous so she took it slow. she kissed my neck and I lean my head back to invite it, I closed my eyes and I felt my bathing suit top being untied and it fall from my breast. Helen put her hands on my tits and caressed them and then she tugged on my nipples and I shook with pleasure; I wanted more.

I whisper softly, "Suck my nipples, Helen."

As she put my nipple into her soft mouth, she began to suck. I felt my insides throbbing. I wanted this girl to fuck me and lick my pussy. I want to taste her pussy as well.

She gently leaned into me and pushed me back onto the bed all the while sucking my nipple and squeezing my tits.

"I want to take your bottoms off so I can feel your pussy." she said.

"Okay," I said a little out of breath.

Helen leaned over and tugged at my bottoms. I lifted my hips to help out. I then did the same thing to her bottoms and released her tits from her top. I wanted to suck on her nipples so I just went for it. My mouth on her nipples was making my pussy so wet. Helen pulled her nipple out of my mouth and pushed me back on the bed again.

"I want to taste that sweet pussy," she said.

I moaned and felt her kissing my stomach right above the edge of my crotch. The tingles I felt were so intoxicating. I felt her finger go down the outline of my pussy rubbing my lips and back up to my clit. Her fingers separated my pussy lips and I felt one slide into my wet pussy. I jumped at first but then I just let her do what she wanted. Her finger was sliding in and out of me slow and easy then I felt her moist tongue licking my clit. She wrapped her lips around my clit and gently sucked on it while she inserted another finger and fingered me a little harder and faster. I felt my pussy tighten around her fingers. She must know I'm going to cum because she fucked my pussy harder. I felt the tingling and tightening and I couldn't hold it in any longer. I thrashed my hips and pussy into her mouth and fingers.

I moan out loud, "Oh yes, yes Helen fuck my pussy. I'm Cumming, Oh god I'm cumming, don't stop!"

I exploded and it felt wonderful. I wanted to kiss Helen now and taste my juices on her mouth. As Helen looked up at me I pulled her to me and kissed her. I sucked her nipples and I nervously rubbed my hand near her pussy. I wanted to finger her and then taste her. I never thought being with a girl would be so sensational. I was getting hooked on pussy and I thought it would be something I would keep enjoying.

I slid my finger in her pussy; it's so wet. I felt a lot of juicy stuff down there and I pushed in and out of her. I felt her muscles clinch around my finger, man did her pussy feel good and soft. I go down on her slow at first and then said to myself, "fuck it dive right in." and I put my face down to her sweet smelling pussy. My tongue instantly began to lick her clit down to the opening of her pussy. I shoved my tongue into her hole as deep as I could and the juices were very tasty. I couldn't get enough of tasting her it was like I was staving trying to indulge as much as I could. I slid another finger into her and fucked her so hard as if I had a dick. 

She moaned loudly, "Oh god you're so good." "Suck me off Mary."

Just listening to her say my name and her pussy tighten as she was about to cum, I came again and again and so did she. I rolled off her with her juices all over my face and I licked my lips. We laid there smiling at one another and fell asleep.

It had been three weeks and Helen and I got really close. I only had a week left before I went home and back to work. We talked about a long distance relationship but I think we both wanted more than that. We couldn't seem to get enough of each other. 

As the days passed we spent every moment together alone. The weather was great and I'd gotten myself a really good tan over the last few weeks and so has Helen especially since we did nothing but go out on her parents boat everyday and make love. I was making love to a women and it's the best feeling I'd experienced my whole life. My orgasms are so much more intense with Helen than they ever were with Greg. (GREG who's Greg lol).

I only had one more day with Helen before I leave and we are planning on spending a romantic night together. Helen said she wanted to give me something more to remember her by so I couldn't wait. As I was about to leave my grandparents' house she called me and told me to just come in the back door of her house. 

I open the door and all I see are candles lit and rose peddles across the floor, a note saying to come to her bedroom and be naked.

"Oh wow!" I said out loud.

I undressed and followed the rose peddles to Helen's room. I opened the door and there's more candles lit and more rose peddles across the bed. Helen was sitting on the bed.

"Come here my love," she said.

"Whats my surprise?" I asked her.

"Come lay on the bed and find out," she whispered to me.

I walked over to the bed and sat next to her, she had her robe on so I went to take it off and she stops me.

Baby I have something I want to do to you but don't freak out ok?" she said.

"Okay baby I wont, I want to do everything with you," I said to her softly.

Helen stood and dropped her robe. She had on a strap -- on, I smiled and giggled a little.

"Baby why do you have that on?" I asked.

"I want to fuck you hard. Just like you like to be fingered when you cum!!"

She grabbed me and pulled me to the bed and started kissing my inner thighs. She reached up and played with my tits then back down and fingered my pussy. Her fingers go in easily because my pussy is so wet. As she sucks on my clit she fucks me harder with her fingers. I was already about to cum when she stops.

"Turn over baby," she said.

I do as I'm told again. She licked around my asshole and lord do I love this. She licked my asshole and then down to my opened wet pussy and to my clit where she softly sucks it into her mouth; sucking like she did on my nipples. Oh, I was so fucking horny.

"I'm going to fuck that pussy so good that you'll never forget me," she said.

"I'll never forget you Helen no matter what," I said.

I felt Helen get on her knees behind me then I feel the tip of the dildo push into my wet pussy. I melted with pleasure. Helen was pumping in and out of me so good and hard. She fucked me like this was her dick and she pounded my pussy until I climaxed. I screamed with pleasure.

"Oh, fuck me Helen, fuck me harder make me cum," I screamed and then I exploded.

My pussy was throbbing and contracting so much it took me a minute to stop cumming and regain myself. I smiled and kissed her passionately taking the strap - on off of her. I fingered her immediately and pushed her on the bed and licked her sweet tasting pussy. I sucked on her clit as I fingered her and she moaned with pleasure. God, she was so fucking sexy and hot. I didn't want to stop sucking on her pretty pussy. I felt her pussy tighten around my fingers and I knew she was about to cum and I couldn't wait to taste it and lick all of her juices off my fingers. I pumped her harder and faster and she screamed with pleasure. I kept licking until she finally stopped squirming. I got up from between her thighs and she grabbed me and kissed me.

"I'm going to miss you my sweet summer love," she said.

"I'm going to miss you as well Helen," I said.

We held each other until we fell asleep. When we woke up the next morning we gave each other a quick reminder of our love and then we took a shower.

As I'm packing my stuff and loading my car my grandparents came out to say goodbye. Then, my new friends and my cousins stopped in to say bye. I waited a moment to see if Helen would come say our last goodbye but she didn't. I left Jamestown and headed back to Charlotte. I'll never forget that hot, steamy vacation and I'll never forget Helen. Looking forward to next year for sure.

When I got home I had to defiantly tell my best friend about this whole month in Kentucky and all about Helen and what we did. As for Greg, I was so over him now and I never let him come back not even for sex. When I got the urge, I thought of Helen and got myself off. Eventually I found a new fling to have fun with. Her name is Shawnda and we have lots of fun together.