 [We are all 18 years of age.]



It was summer time and Dana and I spent a ton of time together going to the beach, hanging out with friends, soccer practice and parties. We had gotten closer since soccer camp and what we shared. Basically, we learned to rub ourselves against the bathroom counter until we could have a very nice orgasm. It was the first time either one of us had done anything like this, and once we discovered it, we couldn't stop.

Once we were back at home from camp, and in the privacy of our own houses, we both attacked the counter as much as we could and would tell each other about it the next time we spoke. We even tried to hump new things when alone in the house. Dana discovered the edge of her bed, and I discovered straddling the edge of the bathtub which is still one of my favorites even today.

Toward the end of summer, I got a text from Dana that said we needed to talk immediately. I called her and she still seemed out of breath. It turns out that they just got a new couch, and let's just say that the arms of the couch were apparently the perfect shape. She begged me to come over and try it. It was the Best! Her parents were out to dinner right now, but I should plan on coming over and staying the night.

When I got there, Dana was still pretty excited. She told me all about what she did, and how it was way better than the bathroom counter or anything else for that matter. Her parents were already home from dinner, so the plan was to wait for them to go to sleep, and then sneak downstairs to love the couch.

It seemed like forever, but finally, around 11:00 o'clock we heard them turn off the tv in their bedroom. We couldn't wait. In the meantime, we had formed a plan. We would both go downstairs and pour two bowls of cereal to pretend we were just getting a late night snack. Then Dana would go out near the stairs and be the lookout while I went into the family room and enjoyed the couch. We were both wearing what we typically wore at sleepovers – a t-shirt and panties with boxers over them. We got into position, and I lifted my leg over the arm of the couch. I was facing the front of the room, so even though I couldn't see Dana, I was positive that she was going to watch me. For some reason, I didn't mind, and I think the thought of her getting excited while watching me made me even more horny.

I squeezed the rounded couch arm with my thighs and could feel the pressure being put all over my entire area down there. I was already wet thinking about and planning for this moment, so it didn't take long for the feelings to begin forming that tickle and that mounting pressure sensation. I could tell I was pretty swollen down there, and I could hear the juices smacking around my folds.

Damn, it felt good, and I humped and humped. I looked up to see if I could see Dana, but I couldn't. However, I knew she was watching me and maybe even had her own hand down inside her panties keeping up with me. The thought of her getting off watching me gave me that last little push, and I felt my orgasm blossom up and get ready. I pushed myself down hard against the sofa arm and just let the orgasm ripple through me. Wow! Dana wasn't kidding. That was a supershock O. I nervously looked up to make sure that I didn't scream or moan or do anything else to attract attention, and then quickly dismounted the couch. 

I looked down at my boxer shorts, and sure enough, I had soaked through both my panties and the boxers. Oops. I guess I should have known that would have happened. I quickly moved over to the kitchen and sat down at the table just as Dana was coming back in. She looked at me as if to say, "Well, how was it?" and I just gave her a huge grin. "I told ya, I told ya," she screeched through her own smile. "It's the best."

"Yea, but I think I need to borrow some panties and shorts. I sort of messed mine," I said while pulling out my chair a bit so she could see the damp stains.

"No problem. Let's go get them. This cereal is too soggy anyway." We dumped our cereal bowls down the sink and then tiptoed back upstairs and into her room.

Dana handed me some boxers and a thong. "Nice, what am I suppose to do with this?" I said and threw the thong back at her. "I'd be better off not wearing anything."

"Then don't. Just wear the boxers. Guys do it all the time. It's good to let yourself breathe down there anyway. In fact, I'll do it too," she said while pulling down her own boxers and panties in a single motion and then pulling the boxers back on. "See, easy to breathe," she said jokingly as she pulled the boxers to the side and showed her bush and lips hanging out.

"Hey, there girl. Jeez." I tried to sound surprised and embarrassed but the truth was I was pretty excited. All those thoughts of Dana maybe watching me downstairs were still making me excited. In fact, I had noticed that her lips looked swollen as well which made me convinced that she was playing along with me downstairs. "Ok, if you say so," I said and pulled off my boxer shorts and panties. I tried to quickly pull on the clean boxers as I was a little self conscious of parading my glistening post-orgasm girl-parts in front of her. 

"Wow, let me see those, you slut" Dana said while picking up my discarded panties and shorts. "Look at all that." She turned them inside out, showing all my girl juice that had built up on them. I was embarrassed but excited at the same time. I think she was, too.

"What can I say, you were right. Your couch is amazing. In fact, I'm still tingling."

"That's not fair. I want to do it again, but I'm afraid my brother could be home at any time. I don't know when I'll get the house alone again. I' m so bummed, I don't think I can wait that long. I guess I could use the edge of the bed. Would you be grossed out if I did it right here?"

"Nope, help yourself. I just had an amazing orgasm, you should, too. Go ahead."

With that, Dana walked anxiously over to her bed and assumed the position. We had both done this many times since she "discovered it" a few weeks ago, but I had never seen her actually do it for real. I just saw her "demonstrate" how to do it. But I was realizing that things were different now, and here she was going to go for it right in front of me. I can honestly say, I was getting more excited and couldn't wait to see the show. I could feel moisture leaking out of my already drenched pussy, and knew that I was going to mess up these new boxer shorts in no time.

Dana kept her boxers on but straddled the edge of her bed and started rocking. I immediately noticed that her nipples started poking through the thin t-shirt that she was wearing. She thrust back and forth a few times and then let out a little but deep moan. I was mesmerized and stared right at her. She kept her rhythm and moaned a few times more. She then opened her eyes and saw the look on my face. I can only imagine how I looked. I was getting off just watching her, and I'm sure it was written all over me.

"Do you – want to – join me?" she said in a husky whisper with each syllable spoken in time with its own thrust. When I didn't answer, she got up and walked over to me holding out her hand. "Here, let's try something that I think is going to be even more awesome than the couch."

I had no idea what she was thinking about, but I embraced her hand and let her lead me to the bed. "I want you to help me. Don't worry, I don't want to do anything lezzy with you. I just want you to lay down on the bed and stay still for a minute or two." She laid me down on her bed lying on my stomach with my head on her pillow. She then gently pushed my thighs apart. I embraced for what I thought she might do next like pull the boxers to the side and expose my leaking, swollen pussy. But she didn't. I'm not sure if I was relieved or disappointed.

Once I was lying on the bed, she climbed up and then straddled the back of my thigh. Oh, this is what she wanted to do. She was going to use my leg as a sort of couch arm. Not a bad idea, I thought. She pressed herself against my leg, and I could already feel that it was warm and damp. I flexed my leg muscle, and Dana responded with an approving moan. Remember, we have both been soccer players for years so our leg muscles were pretty strong.

She immediately started moving back and forth on my leg like she had been doing earlier on the edge of the bed. Sometimes she would lean all the way forward with her mouth right next to my ear and whisper how good it felt, and asking me to flex again. We did this for what seemed like forever, and I truthfully didn't want it to stop. I loved to hear her moan, and the feel of her warm, damp boxers pressing into my leg was amazing. My own pussy was still on fire and getting worse from this new game. As Dana rolled herself against my leg, I would push my pussy into her comforter which was bunched up on her bed. I didn't think I could cum from doing that, but it sure felt good.

Dana let out a couple more moans and then a shriek or two. I knew that her orgasm was finally building. As I was thinking this, I felt a warm, wet sensation on my leg. What the hell just happened? Did Dana pee? I quickly picked up my face out of her pillow and turned around to see. She had just pulled her boxers to the side and was now rubbing her bare naked pussy against my leg. Damn, she was wetter than me and instantly you could hear the sloshing slippery sounds of her drenched pussy lips sliding against my flexed thigh muscle. "Don't move, Chels, I'm gonna come all over your leg. Don't move. Here I come. Here I come. Damn. Ahhhhhhhhhh!" She was trying to keep as quiet as possible so she wouldn't wake her parents, but wasn't doing such a great job. I was in ecstasy myself and was trying my best to hammer my pussy into the comforter enough to have an orgasm along with Dana. I wasn't quite able to do it, but I came close while hearing her and watching her come on my bare leg.

Dana stayed on me, squeezing my thigh with her for the next five minutes or so, then she gently rolled off. She scooted up her bed a bit so we were right next to each other and sharing her pillow. She smiled a wide grin, and I grinned back. That was amazing for both of us, and as much as I enjoyed it, I couldn't wait for my turn. I think she could tell, too. We just laid there staring at each other, smiling, while her breathing finally slowed down to normal.

"Do you want to try?"

That's all she had to ask. I was so damn horny that I don't think I had ever felt that way before. I would do anything to get off at this point. I rolled quickly off the bed while she straightened out. However, she was lying on her back and not her tummy. "Aren't you going to flip over?" I asked, somewhat in a hurry to get started.

"I want to try it like this, if you don't mind. It will still work. See?" she said while pointing to her thigh while flexing it. "Jump aboard."

I paused for a minute. I was clearly horny and willing enough to hump my friend's leg, don't get me wrong. Very horny, and very willing. But that was assuming she would be face-down, in the pillow. It seemed like it gave me a tiny sense of privacy in a weird sort of way. But with her face-up looking at me grinding into her...well, that was different. I don't know what or how many thoughts ran quickly through my head, but my burning pussy overpowered them all, and I climbed back up onto the bed and straddled her thigh.

She gave a quick flex, just as I had done, and I could feel the friction against my pussy as I pushed down. Damn, I was sopping wet. I had almost cum from grinding into her blanket, and now I would be able to finish myself off. This wasn't going to take any time at all.

I began rocking and squeezing. Within a minute, I had my rhythm. I closed my eyes and let myself be overcome with ecstasy. When I opened them back up, I was looking straight down at Dana. She had her t-shirt pulled up over her boobs and was erotically fondling them. Her eyes were fixed right on my grinding groin. I watched her watching me, and loved it. It was a major turn on. I let out a little moan, and Dana answered with one of her own. She then let her right hand drift down toward all the action. She touched my thigh while I was rocking on her. The touch was electric. I moaned again, and she answered again. I started pumping a little harder and then her hand brushed my stomach, then ran lower just missing my pussy. She then pulled it back a little bit and pressed it against herself, through her boxers. She found her pussy and started rubbing feverishly. I couldn't believe it. She was fingering herself right in front of me while I was getting off on her leg.

I couldn't help but make real moans now. This was just too damn hot, and I was getting close. Dana could sense my approaching orgasm, so she stepped it up even more. She dropped her left hand from her boob and used it to pull her boxers to the side, and then her right hand dove in. Her bare pussy right there, glistening and hungry right before me.

"Scoot up," she said. "Quick, scoot up some. I want to feel your knee." She sounded desperate and reached out grabbing both of my knees with her hands, trying to pull me forward. This was it. She wanted my knee to rub against her pussy while I came on her leg. I couldn't even think it through as I immediately began scooting forward. "Closer. Closer. I want to be able to rub...YEAH, that's it!" she finally said. "Let's finish each other off together."

My knee was immediately warm and wet with her juices. She was trying to buck up and down against my knee, but it was hard with me sitting on her leg, so she kept using her fingers will rubbing against me. I was so damn close to exploding and feeling a huge orgasm in the making. I wanted to wait for Dana to cum with me, but didn't know if I could.

"I'm close, Chels." When I heard that, I about lost it and did what I had wanted to do for the last few minutes – I pulled my boxers aside and let my pussy grind directly on Dana's leg, just like she had done. It was so hard and warm and immediately drench with juices. "Yes, fuck my leg, and make me cum! I'm cumming! Damn, I'm cumming so hard!" she was whisper-screaming to me with her eyes staring at my pussy pushing against her tan thigh.

My whole body began to shudder, and I got so light-headed that I thought I would faint. I drove my pussy as hard as I could into her leg as the orgasm shook through my entire being. It was one of those orgasms where I don't think I even made a sound. My mouth was open but no sound was coming out and I think I was even holding my breath. It's hard for me to remember exactly, but after a minute or two I came to, and was lying with my head on Dana's chest. What just happened? That was truly a mind-blowing orgasm.

I lifted my head slowly and looked at Dana who was still hyperventilating with her eyes shut and head on the pillow. She felt me lift off of her bare chest and opened her eyes. No smiles this time. We both had looks of utter amazement on our faces.

I scooted up and laid my head on the pillow right next to hers. We didn't say a word. Within minutes we were both fast asleep.

As I think about that experience, I think I could cum right now without even using my hands. That's how strong the orgasm was and how strong my memory of it still is. However, I managed to play with myself twice while writing this.

This one's for me.

Chels