 It had been an extremely long day for me. Work was boring and the weekend was on the horizon. It just wasn't a normal weekend, it was the start of a two week vacation! I couldn't wait to get home, let my hair down and pack up for a weekend excursion with my new boyfriend of about two weeks. Shawn was his name and he was a teacher. He was a good two inches taller than me and very slenderly athletically built, like a tennis player. He was a decent lover, no where close to John's level, but he was kind and sweet. He got along fabulously as we shared many of the same interests. One of them was music. Shawn was part of a band and had arranged for them to go on a tour to various coffee shops and fair grounds across the state that summer; and I had decided to come along. 

Shawn picked me up in his green jeep wrangler and we drove over to the warehouse that his band used to practice. A few minutes after arriving at the warehouse, one of the guitar players, Dave, arrived with the rental van. Dave's girlfriend was also coming along on the tour this summer and when I saw her step out of that van I was blown away. She was gorgeous. She was about 5'4, with piercing green eyes, full lips, medium length, curly, dark auburn hair, and enormous breasts. Not to brag, but I have a nice chest, and her breasts were even larger than mine. I couldn't say that I had never been attracted to another girl, who hasn't found someone of the same sex attractive? Bottom line was this girl was sexy as hell and I couldn't deny it.

She walked up to me and introduced herself.

"Hi, I'm Lillian , Dave's girlfriend, but you can call me Lily."

"I'm Angelica , Shawn's girlfriend."

"Nice to meet you Lily, looks like we'll be spending a lot of time together this summer, since we're the only two girls on this trip and all."

"Yeah, I think we'll have a lot of fun." I replied, looking at Shawn, thinking about him nude playing his guitar.

"Oh, I'm sure we will," Lily said with a seductive smile and wink as she walked over to where her boyfriend was standing.

Lily and I chatted as the boys loaded the van, and we found out that we had a lot in common. I was surprised by how well I got a long with Lily. I had always had a hard time making friends with girls, but Lily was different, she was just so down to earth and easy to talk to. It was refreshing because so often women can be catty and drama queens. She was so low key and easy going --- quite the sense of humor too.

A couple of months later, Lily and I were sitting at a table in a coffee shop, in Wilmington, North Carolina, watching the boys rehearse. I had not been sleeping well on this trip and believed that I had eaten something bad the night before. I looked at Lily about twenty minutes into the set and said "Lily, you know I'm really not feeling too well."

She responded with "Oh, well maybe you should go back to the hotel and lay down for a while." She ran her hand over my temple and noticed that my cheeks were flush.

I nodded, "Yeah, I think that's a good idea, will you come with me?", because I didn't want to be alone. I just needed to get away from the noise.

"Sure."

We went up on stage and kissed our boys goodbye, and began walking back to our hotel. We rode the elevator up to her and Dave's. I had to admit, I was already feeling better and had told Lily that. She laughed and said that since we were already here that we should just hang out and let the boys play. Once we had arrived at the room, I kicked off my flip flops and she took off her sneakers. We sat down and began watching some tv, trying with difficulty something to watch. To no avail, we decided to play a card game. It was a blast and I have to admit that I caught myself looking at her figure every time she stood up and got a drink. The drink, by the way, was scotch. Perfect for someone who had a queasy stomach, right? As we consumed more alcohol, I became drawn to her chest every time she laughed. Lily had a contagious giggle and we spent the afternoon drinking, playing cards, and laughing about everything that came to mind. 

Shawn called and said that the guys were going to go out and asked if we wanted to go. I looked at Lily and asked her if she wanted to go. We both said no and I told him where we were and he said that Dave would crash with him at our room, since they didn't know when they'd be back in. We went back to our debauchery. The afternoon became night and after a long drinking binge, we were both tired and decided it was time to call it a night. She rose and stretched, saying that it had been fun and we both agreed that we liked hanging out with each other. 

She went off in the direction of the bed, while I took what the hotel called throw pillows and positioned them on the recliner. She took off her jeans shorts, so that she was just standing there in a tight blue tank top and a black thong. Lily walked over to the bed and pulled the comforter back and then she looked back at me, seeing where I was going to sleep. 

"Angel, don't tell me that you are going to sleep on that damn thing?"

"Sure why not?" I joked back, knowing that it was possibly going to be one of the most uncomfortable experiences of my life.

"Why don't come and sleep in bed with me," she voiced her concern, "I promise I won't bite." She playfully joked.

I thought about it for a second and then jumped at her offer. I had a desire to not have a krink in my neck or other parts of my body in the morning.

"Oh Damn, I was hoping you would." I laughed back as I shedded my own shorts before climbing into bed opposite her.

In truth, I was nervous about what might happen, not because I didn't trust her but because of what I was beginning to feel. The alcohol did no favors to reasoning.

I got into bed, and Lily snuggled up to me. I guess I should have been startled or bothered. I wasn't. She was rubbing my arm and I could feel her breath on my neck. I began to feel flustered and hot.

I smelled her perfume and it was intoxicating.

She snuggled closer and the desire within me was building. Why? I wasn't a lesbian, I reasoned. I sleep with men. I tried to fight away my emotional state but scotch is a very powerful hindrance to that.

She asked me what perfume I was wearing, because it smelt wonderful. I told her that it wasn't perfume, but rather a new body lotion I bought from the mall.

"Well, it smells good enough to eat.", she teased 

With that, she leaned in closer and licked my neck, sending shivers all through my body. Realizing the effect she had just had on me, she began to run her hand over my breasts through my shirt.

"You are beautiful, Angel," she said as she began to pull my shirt up, "I have been wanting to tell you that."

I grabbed her hand and told her that I had never been with another woman before. I knew that she had in college but had been all about one guy since she met and hooked up with Dave.

"I know, and I want to show you what you've been missing."

She rose up on the bed and removed her tank top, then her bra, releasing her breasts. I had seen many soft core and hardcore videos, read playboy and admired the female physique before, but this was my first foray in the flesh and blood admiration of another woman. Her breasts were magnificent. I had the strongest urge to grab them and massage them, lick them, suck them, I didn't care which, I just knew I had to get my hands on them. She saw the look on my face, and smiled.

"You like?" she asked as she slipped her hand under my thong, running her finger up my slit, bringing out some of my wetness for her to enjoy. She took her finger up to her mouth and licked clean. "Mmm, I think you like it a lot," she said with a seductive grin. I lay there motionless, unable to think, move or take my eyes off her gorgeous breasts.

She removed her thong to reveal her beautiful bald and pierced pussy; she then removed my tank, bra, and thong. She lay on top of me; our breasts pressed against one another, then she leaned in and licked my lips, before diving in and kissing me passionately. We laid there for what seemed like an eternity, exploring each other's mouths with our tongues, rubbing our breasts together and grinding our pussies together. 

After a while she broke the kiss and began kissing down my neck, making her way to my breasts. She licked my breasts, while massaging them, licking around the nipple, teasing me before finally taking my nipple into her mouth and sucking them like her life depended on it. I moaned in pleasure as she gave equal attention to both of my nipples, making them harder than they had ever been before. 

Then she continued to lick her way down my body. She licked down my stomach stopping to swirl her tongue around my navel, then she moved further down and licked and teased my inner thighs. I opened my legs wider for her hoping that she would soon give me the release that I so desperately needed.

Sensing my need for release, she moved over to my pussy and began to rub it with her hand. She then leaned down and kissed it before licking my outer lips, and then pulling them into her mouth to suck on them. She then spread my lips wider and began to lick up and down my slit stopping to fuck me with her tongue, while she rubbed my swollen clit with her fingers. By this time I was moaning loudly, and I could feel that my orgasm was close. She could sense this as well and replaced her tongue with two fingers and then took my clit into her mouth. She fucked me hard with her fingers and sucked my clit hard causing me to buck wildly against her face. Moments later, I pulled her face even further into my pussy as I came harder than I had ever cum before, and she drank every last drop of my love juice. 

She then took her breasts and rubbed each of them up and down my pussy slit, causing me to get wet all over again. She then moved up beside me on the bed and offered me her breasts.

I don't know what had come over me. This was something I wanted and was enjoying. In my excitement, I licked all my wetness off her breasts, and sucked on her nipples, as she moaned softly. She then pushed me down between her legs, and I began to mimic what she had done to me earlier. I began to lick her pussy lips and suck them into my mouth, before sticking my tongue into her slit and licking up and down, teasing her and making her moan loudly as she pushed my head even further into her pussy. I flicked her clit with my tongue a little before taking the whole thing in my mouth and sucking it. As I sucked her clit, I placed two fingers within her and began to stroke her softly with increasing pressure. I kept this up until I got my reward, as her hips bucked against my tongue and lips. I licked up every last drop of her before I moved back towards the head of the bed, where we layed in each other's embrace and kissed softly. 

Reality is a bitch, by the way. It slowly dawned on me what had happened and I spoke very softly, "Lily, I really love Shawn and I don't want to break up with him."

"I know sweetie, I love Dave too, and I have no intention of breaking up with him either, this was all just for fun."

And for the record what fun it was. I also add that this wasn't the last time Lily and I had our little rendezvous, we continued all that summer whenever we could and continue to meet from time to time to this day.