 Living out a long-time fantasy was incredible, but trying to maintain a relationship quickly became difficult. Michael lived about two hours south of me for starters. With him teaching full-time at UCLA and me a full-time student at USC, it became difficult for us to get together very often. He had papers to grade and lectures to plan, and he was also trying to spend some time with his daughter who lived in San Diego. 

Meanwhile I was always busy studying trying to maintain my GPA above 3.0, as I had started thinking about attending graduate school after I got my bachelors degree. It seemed like we could only really get together about one time a month.

One of the few weekends I found myself home alone without any school work to do, Michael had already made plans to spend it with his daughter. I almost felt jealous of her. I know this sounds a little crazy, but what I was really feeling was very lonely (and very horny). 

I was lounging around the house wearing an old tank top and a pair of cutoffs. I tried to relax and watch a movie on TV, but then a rather explicit sex scene came and I began playing with myself. I went and got one of the vibrators Brenda had given me a couple years earlier. I was very close to orgasm when the door bell rang. Damn! I quickly got myself together and opened the door to see Lake standing on the porch. 

Lake is a long-time friend of the family I have known since I first came to America. She is about ten years older than me, and lives close-by in the same housing development as I do. She is of Thai decent and came to America as a teenager. We really became close friends ever since my Mother had returned to Korea. 

Lake is only about 5 feet tall, weighs maybe 110 pounds, and has long, dyed blonde hair that flows down almost to her butt. She works out a lot and has a tight 32C-22-32 frame. When I first met Lake, she was only an "A" cup, but her husband of ten years talked her into breast enhancement surgery shortly after they were married. Her husband is an older, wealthy business man who is always traveling across the country to his different business offices. As a result, she is always coming by to visit. I enjoy her company and we have become close, almost like sisters.

Lake must have been swimming in her pool that day as she was wearing a pink two-piece bikini with a lovely floral patune (Thai wrap worn like a skirt) over top and her hair was still wet. I invited her inside and welcomed her with a hug and kiss as always. Normally the kiss was simply a quick peck on the lips, but for some reason on this day it seemed almost electric. 

Our kiss only lasted a few seconds longer than normal, but I guess due to my state of sexual arousal, I felt myself wanting to kiss longer. I sensed that Lake felt the same way and, of course, my thoughts quickly turned back to my time with Brenda a couple of years earlier. We looked at each other a few moments rather awkwardly, but then simply went over and sat on the couch to watch TV and talk. 

It seemed crazy, but after all these years of being good friends, I found myself looking rather lustily over every inch of Lake's beautiful body as she spoke to me. When I came out of my daydream, I realized she was holding and asking me about my vibrator. Oh my God, I had forgotten to put it away. I quickly found myself blushing and trying to come up with some reason why it was on the couch and obviously wet. My head dropped almost in shame, but Lake pulled my chin up and she smiled at me.

"I guess you are a little aroused today just as I am. It is nothing to be ashamed of my good friend," she said. Lake was one of the shyest women I knew until you got to know her. Then she would say anything almost "matter of factly" at anytime and place. Sometimes it could be a little embarrassing at public places (smile). 

She went on to tell me her husband was away again and would probably be gone for a few weeks this time. Then she said something I never knew before. Her and her husband rarely had sex anymore. Then she reached in her purse and pulled out her own vibrator and smiled. We had a good little laugh together as we checked out each others vibrator.

"I've been meaning to tell you something very personal for quite some time now," Lake said. She started to say something else, but then blushed and stopped. I told her to go ahead, that we had been friends for a long time, and that she could say or ask anything of me. I thought she was going to cry, but then she started talking about me and how our relationship had become so important to her. She said even though I was younger than her, she looked up to me in a lot of ways.

"You have been with five lovers and one was a woman, and now you even have a black boyfriend. I was a virgin when I met my husband, and he has to this day still been my only lover," Lake said. She also talked about my going on to college after high school and living on my own. She had moved out from her parent's home right into her husband's home. She even talked about how I dressed, and how I was some special, together woman of the 90s. I was speechless for a moment realizing she had just poured her heart out to me.

"I look up to you more than you will ever know," I began. "You have been and are like a sister, a mother, a special friend, and now the best friend I have. I could not handle college, living on my own, or any of this if you weren't a part of my life. You must know how much I love you Lake." Then I hugged her and we had a good cry together.

I don't remember who then kissed who first, but we were kissing. It was softly at first, but gradually it became harder, more passionate, and our tongues and bodies soon became intertwined the way paired ice skaters dance. Lake and I seemed to naturally sense what the other wanted as we made love. There was no awkward or shy feeling like I used to feel with Brenda a few years back. 

I had always wanted to explore her enhanced breasts as the doctor had done such a wonderful job. I now touched them and squeezed them as I gently sucked on and bit each nipple. Lake was breathing very loudly as I then kissed my way down over her tight stomach to her shaved pussy. I could sense she liked to be eaten gently almost teasingly. My instincts were correct, and I was quickly rewarded as her juices soon covered my face. Lake was so beautiful when she had an orgasm. She did not make much noise beyond a steady hum of moaning, but her body shook almost violently. I got this feeling she had given herself to me completely when I noticed she had tears in her eyes. I felt almost honored in a way just to be with her and I held her tightly in my arms.

Lake then slowly tried to do the same for me. Her inexperience was highly overshadowed by the passion of her efforts and her instincts. At first, she simply copied what I had done. I think she sensed how I like my sex a little rougher than she does. As she played with my breasts softly almost like a massage, her gentle bites of my nipples soon turned hard. My orgasm began quickly, but slowly. When one of her hands then reached down and she slipped a finger inside of me, I was on fire. Then she moved her mouth down from my breasts to my pussy and she began to fuck me hard and deep with her tongue (she has a longer than average tongue, that's for sure). Her finger, wet with my juices, then slipped in my ass and mimicked her tongue. I began to cum almost like I do with Michael, over and over.

We explored each other's bodies the rest of the evening and into the wee hours of the next morning. I was awoken the next morning by the phone ringing. It was Michael. He apologized for waking me, and then told me of the previous day spent with his daughter and of their plans for today. Then he asked me what I had done without him. 

I smiled and told him Lake and I had spent the day messing around the house. He told me he was happy I didn't have to spend the day alone. Then I felt hands reach around my back and begin playing with my breasts. Lake whispered in my other ear she was ready to learn more in the ways of female love. I told Michael to have a great day with his daughter and hung up the phone. Then I turned and began to kiss Lake good morning.

I hope you enjoyed the story. Please vote and feel free to send me your honest feedback below. Thank you very much for your many inputs on possible future Sun Suk story lines. I think there may be another story or two including Sun Suk and Lake together in the future.