 It was a dark, hot, and humid night. One of those dead air summer nights with a hint of ozone in the air from a far off storm. A storm sensed but unseen that makes the skin tingle with energy. The hot, humid, still air calms the mind and makes one lazy. The heady ozone and electricity makes one antsy. 

Either is fine but the two together can drive one crazy. One pushes you outward; the other holds you in. Lazy energy has so much... potential.

*****

Lisa stretched on the lounge chair by the pool. The vast expanse of stars overhead held her eyes in the darkness, lit only by the underwater light of the pool. Pale blue shimmering light on the walls of the enclosed patio capped with sharp pinpricks of flickering stars. Tommie had turned off every light in the house, even the garden lights. 

"So, what do you think?" Tommie asked from the darkness of the porch.

"I think it is beautiful and I would have never thought to turn off all the lights."

"That's because we think differently."

Lisa's eyes darted to the dark porch and then back to the sky. "Sometimes yes and sometimes no."

"I wish you could see how beautiful you are."

"I'm not beautiful, I'm not even pretty," Lisa protested but outwardly, she squirmed at the compliment.

"Oh yes, you are. Laying there naked, with the flickering light of the pool throwing highlights and shadows all over your body, you are truly magnificent."

Lisa shook her head and looked at the dark porch. "Come out here so I can see you."

Tommie laughed and then replied, "Come get me."

Lisa's hands were above her head. She raised them a few inches and the flexible links of the handcuffs came tight. "I can't and you know it."

"That will teach you to fall asleep on me."

"Two glasses of wine and thirty minutes in the hot tub made me fall asleep. Not to mention a long stressful day."

"I know all about the stressful day, I work for you, remember."

"Yes you do, so get your ass over here and let me loose."

"Uh, no, I don't think so. Right now, I'm off work so you are not the boss."

"Then as my best friend for the last what? Uh, ten years at least, let me loose."

"Uh, no. I kind of like you this way," Tommie replied with a husky chuckle.

Lisa struggled on the heavy lounge chair for a few seconds and then with a sigh, she relaxed and looked up at the stars. "Then I guess all I can do is get another nap."

Tommie laughed and stepped down off the dark part of the porch to the second step. As she came into the light she said, "I think I can keep you awake and very alert."

Lisa looked at her friend and then did a double take. Tommie was as naked as she was. The problem was, she now had a dick, a very large dick. 

"What the fuck?" 

Tommie laughed again and shook her hips. The large purple dildo waved back and forth. "Oh, you noticed my new equipment, did you? What do you think? Is it too much?"

"I.... Uh..." Lisa stammered. "I love a good joke," she finally got out. 

"It's not a joke sweetie," Tommie said softly as she walked forward. "I've waited a very long time to get you in this position."

Lisa's eyes followed the sway of the purple dildo as Tommie walked. Her mouth worked as though she was going to speak but nothing came out.

"I came home from work to find you asleep by my pool. A couple of snips of the scissors and that bikini was history." Tommie paused as a shiver ran up and down her spine. "I always knew those handcuffs and ankle shackles would come in handy one day." She stopped at the foot of the lounge chair.

"If you're trying to scare me, you're doing a damned good job of it," Lisa got out in a rush.

"Scare you? I don't want to scare you. I want to make love to you," Tommie whispered.

Lisa's eyes got big as they darted from Tommie's face to the big dildo. She tried to close her legs but the chain of the shackles on her ankles ran under the lounge chair and kept her from doing so.

"Don't worry my dear, by the time I get around to fucking you with this," Tommie paused to shift her hips again so the purple dildo swayed. "You will be more than able to handle it and love every second I fuck you with it."

Lisa groaned and shook her head. "No, please no. I'm straight. I don't do pussy. I just do dick."

Tommie laughed. "Now you have the option to do both at the same time and you don't have to worry about the lesbian part. I'll take very good care of that."

"But you're as straight as I am. I've seen you fuck guys, give blowjobs, and come your brains out. Not all those double dates we went on in college could have been fake."

Tommie nodded. "Yes, you're right, I love men but I also love women. Being Bi is the best of both worlds."

"When.... What.... Who...." Lisa stammered. Her mind was whirling. Tommie had always teased her when they were alone. Grabbing her ass or breasts through her clothes mostly, but also kisses on the neck, shoulders, and back of her neck had made her tingle. Tommie had even licked and sucked her nipples a few times when they both had flashed at dance clubs.

"Do you remember that little petite blonde who hung out with us for a while, junior year of college?" 

Lisa's eyes got wide again. "Julie was a lesbian?"

"She was Bi and gave me my first taste of girl on girl sex. Actually, it started as a threesome with her boyfriend. It was his twenty first birthday and she said she wanted to give him something special" Tommie paused as she knelt down and ran her hands up and down Lisa's lower legs.

Lisa squirmed and then sighed as Tommie massaged her right foot. She had been on her feet most of the day in heels. Tommie's strong hands and fingers found the right spots to make her groan softly.

"I didn't realize the something special was them splitting me between them, until we were naked in a motel room. I took a shower with Bill, Julie's boyfriend, while she watched. He soaped me up and had me in a lather by the time they dried me off with a couple of towels, pun intended."

Tommie sighed deeply and went on as she continued to massage Lisa's foot. "I ended up laying on my back on the bed with both of them sucking and licking my toes. Until then, I had never realized my toes were connected directly to my pussy." Tommy paused to chuckle.

"By the time they started working their way up my legs, I was in another world. Two sets of lips and two tongues on my inner thighs had me climbing the walls. My eyes closed and I was in heaven with a tongue and mouth on my pussy and another tongue and mouth working my breasts over."

Tommie swapped feet and Lisa groaned again softly as fingers zeroed in on just the right spots. 

"I didn't know who was where until Bill kissed me and his mustache tickled my nose. My eyes popped open but closed again as a very knowledgeable mouth and tongue zeroed in on my clit. I went up in flames as my mind supplied a picture of Julie's head between my thighs."

Lisa groaned again. Tommie wasn't sure if it was from the foot massage or her story. With a grin, she went on with the story. "From then on, the rest of the night was one orgasmic blur after another. Flashes of me sitting on Bill's dick as Julie sat on his face. Us kissing as I fucked Bill and she came on his face."

Tommie shivered at the memory. "Another flash of Bill fucking me deep and hard from behind, my face bumping into Julies sopping wet pussy. Somewhere in there, I was licking that pussy and coming wildly. The next I remember was sitting on Bill's dick facing his feet with Julie licking both of us as we fucked. A dick in your pussy and a tongue on your clit is a dangerous thing."

Lisa struggled in the handcuffs and shackles, a sound of frustration coming to her lips. 

"Is my story turning you on?" Tommy asked with a soft chuckle. "The memories have me absolutely sopping wet, if you haven't already guessed."

She leaned down and sucked on Lisa's big toe. Lisa jerked her leg but that did not get the toe away from Tommie or keep the sensuous feeling from shooting straight to her pussy. Lisa moaned loudly and shivered.

Tommy released the toe and grinned. "I see your toes are connected to your pussy also." She leaned over and sucked the big toe on the other foot. 

When Lisa jerked and moaned again, Tommie grinned around the toe and bathed it with her tongue. Holding the foot in place, she licked between each toe and then sucked them one by one. Lisa was now rolling back and forth on the lounge chair, a loud whimpering moan on her lips.

Tommie released the foot and sat back on her heels. "The night ended around daylight with Bill fucking my ass, while Julie fucked my pussy with a strap-on. I was totally out of my mind with pleasure. I had always loved anal sex and double penetration had always been one of my major fantasies. Now I was getting everything I had ever hoped for or even dreamed about."

Lisa shivered and whimpered softly. 

"Yeah, I know, you've had the same fantasies even if you've never tried anal before," Tommie whispered. "Maybe in the future I can give you a hand with the anal part of those fantasies. I have some smaller toys that should start you out nicely."

Lisa moaned and struggled in her bindings. "I'm scared," she said softly, a quiver in her voice.

"What's to be scared of? What are a few mind blowing orgasms between friends going to hurt?" Tommie asked. 

Lisa moaned loudly as Tommie leaned over and sucked and licked the toes on her other foot. She struggled with her restraints as Tommie kissed her way up that leg to Lisa's knee. She tried to close her legs but the restraints and Tommie's shoulders prevented it.

Tommie's long hot tongue sweeping over her inner thigh made Lisa gasp and shiver. As the hot tongue went farther and got nearer to Lisa's pussy, Lisa whimpered and quit trying to close her legs. When Tommie's tongue brushed across the smoothly shaven outer lips of Lisa's sex, she gasped even louder and then whimpered as the tongue continued to move.

Only now, the tongue was moving on the other thigh and away from her pussy. Lisa groaned with a sound of frustration edging her voice. 

Tommie paused and whispered, "Don't worry darling, by the time I get around to licking that, you will be coming your brains out instantly."

Lisa whimpered as Tommie returned to licking her sensitive inner thigh.

At Lisa's knee, Tommie reversed directions to nibble and kiss her way back toward Lisa's sex. The closer she got, the louder Lisa whimpered. There was a moan of frustration as Tommie skipped over her sex and kissed her way up across the bound woman's stomach. 

Tommie moved up to kneel between Lisa's knees as she continued to kiss her way up the lush body under her. Tommie paused with her head right above Lisa's breasts. Her nipples were hard to the point of the dark circles under them being crinkled. 

"Licking and or sucking your nipples at the clubs when we were drunk and dancing was always the highlight of the night for me. I'd rub my clit raw later dreaming of you," Tommie whispered.

Lisa shivered at Tommie's admission. "I.... Uh.... We...."

"Yeah, I know, the thought never crossed your mind."

"But it did, kind of, for an instant or two," Lisa confessed.

Tommie grinned down at her friend. "Is that instant or two getting longer tonight?"

Lisa moaned softly but didn't reply. 

"I'll take that as a yes," Tommie whispered as she lowered her head. She traced the outline of Lisa's full breast with her tongue and then traced the other. Lisa's moaning grew louder, her shoulders going back to lift her breasts higher.

Tommie teased Lisa's breasts and nipples unmercifully as the woman withered under her and moaned loudly. When she finally sucked the right nipple into her hot mouth, she lowered her hips to rub the large purple dildo against Lisa's sex. It moved easily between the long slippery trench between her plump outer lips.

Lisa gasped loudly as Tommie sucked on her nipple and flicked it with the tip of her tongue. Then she groaned even louder as the cool material of the dildo touched her heated sex. She shivered as it parted her outer lips and rubbed up and down in her slit. When it brushed her clit, she gasped again and flexed her hips.

Tommie lifted her head, holding suction on the nipple in her mouth. The nipple popped loose. Lisa groaned and flexed her hips against the slow moving dildo. Tommie sucked in the other nipple and bathed it with her tongue. Her hips kept up a steady rhythm between Lisa's spread thighs.

Lisa rolled her head back and forth and whispered, "No! No! No!" but her hips continued to flex against the dildo. 

Suddenly the "No!" turned into an, "Oh God, yes," as Lisa started to come. Her hips lifted, pressing her clit even tighter to the moving dildo. She quivered, and jerked as pleasure radiated outward from her clit in every direction. Her mind was on fire at the fact that she was coming and Tommie was the one making her. 

Tommie smiled around the nipple in her mouth, slowed her hips, and then stopped them. She lifted her head and let this nipple pop out of her mouth like the other one. Lisa groaned and shivered.

"That's the first of many," Tommie whispered in Lisa's ear. "I can make you come all night long and all you need to do is relax and enjoy it."

Lisa moaned and then whimpered as Tommy brushed her lips softly against her friends. Tommie brushed their lips together a second time and then whispered, "I wonder how long and loud you'll moan when I kiss you with the taste of your pussy on my lips and tongue."

Lisa groaned loudly but shook her head from side to side.

Tommie chuckled and grabbed Lisa's chin to stop her head from moving. Lisa's eyes popped open for the first time since the orgasm. Her light blue ones staring deep into Tommie's green ones. 

Lisa's lips parted as she started to speak, but nothing came out as Tommie kissed her full on the lips. To Lisa's surprise, even though she was whimpering, she was also returning the kiss. The thought that it was Tommie kissing her was thrilling deep down somewhere that she hadn't looked in a long time. 

Tommie's full lips and sweet tongue were doing things that Lisa loved. Things that she never got in just one kiss from any one person before. Tommie seemed to know all the secret things that Lisa wanted and needed in a kiss. Her head was swimming by the time Tommie broke the kiss.

The whimper was back only louder and more demanding. Tommie smiled and licked one of her girl friends nipples and then the other. Lisa arched her back and pleaded, "Kiss me, kiss my lips again."

Tommie chuckled, kissed Lisa between the breasts, and then licked at the bottom of first one breast and then the other. She kissed her way downward across Lisa's lower ribs and then paused at her navel to look up at the tied woman's face.

"Oh, I plan to kiss your lips but not the ones on your face. Not until after I eat that sweet pussy of yours anyways. I wonder if you will come again when I do."

Lisa shook her head said, "No! Please, don't."

Tommie grinned up at Lisa and whispered, "You will change your tune in a few minutes, believe me. Been there, done that. Got a thousand orgasms to prove it."

Whatever reply Lisa was going to make was lost to a long drawn out moan as Tommie's hot tongue swirled around and across Lisa's soft hairless mound. Lisa's hips flexed up and down as Tommie ran her tongue down one plump outer lip and up the other.

Lisa expected her friend to lick her slit next but Tommie had other ideas as she licked the crease between Lisa's sex and her upper thigh. It tickled in a sexy sensuous way that made her lift her hips. Back and forth between the two creases Tommie went, until Lisa's hips were quivering with anticipation and the strain of holding her hips up.

Tommie paused as she changed creases and looked up along Lisa's taught, straining body. Teasing time was over, she thought as she slipped a hand under each of Lisa's ass cheeks. A second later, her long supple tongue zeroed in on the tasty treat in front of her face, plunging into its sweet liquid depths.

Lisa gave out with a sharp yell as she felt Tommie's tongue pierce her sex. Then the thought of who and what pushed her over the edge into her second orgasm of the night. This one wasn't as strong as the first but it went on and on for what felt like forever.

Tommie's tongue found Lisa's g-spot easily and massaged it. The rough patch an inch or so inside Lisa's vagina seemed to swell as Lisa's hips fluttered and jerked. She ran her tongue deeper and then returned to the g-spot. Lisa moaned long and loud as her hips jerked and bucked. After another moment, Tommie raised her head and grinned up toward Lisa's head.

"See, that wasn't so bad now was it. It was heavenly in fact. I know it was on my side anyway. You taste so sweet and musky at the same time. Earthy is a good word."

Lisa shook her head back and forth but didn't say a word,

Tommie lowered her head and used the tip of her tongue to trace the inner edges of Lisa's pussy lips. Lisa's hips rose up with a fluttering motion. Tommie used her tongue to spread her girlfriend's thin inner lips. By the time she lifted her head again they looked like little butterfly wings spread out over the outer lips.

"You have such a beautiful sweet pussy. It's even better than I fantasized it was."

Lisa moaned loudly and flexed her hips. The moan contained a hint of frustration.

Tommie chuckled throatily at her reaction and lowered her head back to the sweet scent of hot pussy. She took a deep breath through her nose, enjoying the heady smell of an excited woman.

She moved slightly and zeroed in on Lisa's swollen un-hooded clit. She brushed the tip of her tongue against it and then rolled it around gently. Lisa's hips fluttered as if they could not decide whether to move away or press tighter. With a grin, Tommie settled the matter as she sucked the bud between her lips and flicked it with the tip of her tongue.

Lisa yelled and came unglued as she came yet again. Tommie held onto her ass and clit for a few moments longer and then abandoned her clit to drive her tongue deep into the sopping wet pussy below. Lisa yelled repeatedly as Tommie swirled her tongue around and then fucked her with quick deep strokes. Lisa flexed her hips, fucking herself on the long flexible tongue deep inside her vagina.

When Lisa's hips slowed, Tommie found her g-spot and massaged it firmly. Lisa was gasping for air as she did, a long drawn out quiver running through her hips and thighs. A moment later, Tommie sat back on her heels and lowered Lisa's ass back to the lounge chair.

Looking up along Lisa's body, Tommie smiled at the look of sated lust on her friends face. The look of a woman deep in the through's of passion. Her eyes were tightly shut, her mouth slightly open as she panted for breath. Her breasts rising and falling quickly with the pants. Overall, a job well done.

Tommie let her rest. She got up from the lounge chair and walked over to the table by the pool. She picked up a warm beer and turned to lean against the table as she took several sips. She also watched Lisa. Letting her eyes feast on the beautiful nakedness before her. 

As Lisa calmed and relaxed, Tommie started to have second thoughts about what she had done. They were friends but Lisa owned the company she worked for. Would she get fired? Would it fuck up the best friendship Tommie had ever had? So many questions and only Lisa had the final answers to them.

Tommie downed the rest of the beer and sat the empty bottle aside. It was done now and in for a penny, in for a pound, as the saying went. She still wanted to fuck Lisa with the strap-on. It would put the icing on the cake of Tommie's biggest fantasy. She would deal with the ramifications later.

Pushing off from the table, she walked over and knelt beside Lisa's head. She moved her hips forward and used one hand to brush the head of the dildo against Lisa's lips. Lisa's head jerked back and her eyes flew open. They focused on the end of the dildo and she gave out with a loud whimpering moan.
