 I was nervous about accepting the share. It was more money than I wanted to spend, but I liked Jen, who I worked with and her Sonia. I felt like I had to "audition" for them, which made me feel strange. They had me meet them at a bar uptown and I saw that there were several girls around my age (24) milling about. I knew that this is the way they always did it; they picked two from a pool of girls that they knew. This time I made the cut. Mira, the other girl they chose, was a tall beautiful blonde who worked in fashion. We met over drinks at a bar a couple of weeks later after Jen told me the good news. I was nervous, of course, meeting Mira alone. I had just told Jen that I was gay. I had come out only the year before, and I'd had only one relationship since then, with a girl I'd met online. I was attracted to femme women like myself, and Mira was ultra-femme. She entered the bar wearing a tight black skirt, a white top and sandals, looking like she'd just left a spa. Her fingernails and toenails were done and her gorgeous tanned body made her look like she'd just returned from some island in the Caribbean. Jen had told me that she'd been a catalog model before she went into magazines and she looked it. She was taller than me by an inch or two and we made quite a contrasting pair. I was skinny and pale, with freckles and light brown hair, which I'd recently cut. I was wearing jeans and a tank top, my usual outfit for such a hot day. I was wearing a bra, although it was barely necessary; no one was staring at my b-cups as I walked over to greet Mira. 

"Hi Katie," she said. "Nice to see you again."

Her big smile put me at ease and we sat down and had a great conversation. We were going to share a room together and it was good to lay down some "ground rules" to go along with some of the rules that Jen and Sonia had already laid down ("no smoking in the house, take off your shoes at the door, etc.).

We'd barely sat down when Mira asked. "So Jen tells me that you're gay?"

I blushed and looked away. I couldn't believe Jen had told her. 

"Are you mad?" she asked.

"No."

"Yes you are."

"Annoyed."

"Don't be. I asked her. I made her tell me."

"How did you do that?"

"I can be really annoying and persistent when I want to be."

Oh?"

"And I'm bisexual," she said. "I was engaged to a guy a couple of years ago, but I just couldn't give up women."

"Oh."

"I'd been seeing this girl in my spinning class, a Russian girl, absolutely gorgeous but a real handful, but she's away for the summer. So how about you?"

"No one lately. I hate the bar scene. Lesbian bars are worse than straight ones."

Mira laughed. "I know."

"And I'm not looking forward to the whole club scene out there. I'm going for the sun and the sand and the water...all the boring things, I guess. I plan to read a lot and relax; let Jen and Sonia go clubbing every night."

"I'm with you.

We finished our drinks and ordered some more. Pretty soon it was evident that Jen and Sonia had bailed out. Mira finally reached her on her phone and Jen gave her some half-assed excuse about working late. "I guess they wanted us to hang out alone," she said.

"I guess."

We left the bar together and Mira got into a cab. As we said our goodbyes, I felt a little excited. We hugged each other and Mira gave me a kiss on the cheek. She smelled wonderful, and I couldn't help but wonder what she'd be like in bed.

The house was about a half mile from the beach and had two bedrooms upstairs with two single bed, two bathrooms and a kitchen, living room and dining room. We were to have the house to ourselves for the whole summer; Jen and Sonia were going to work from the house for most of July and take all of August off. Me and Mira had to go back to the city to work. I took the train to town and found Mira there, greeting me at the station. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail and she was wearing cut off jeans a T-shirt and flip-flops, but a lot of make-up. We hugged and she led me to her car, a small convertible. "I forget to tell you that I'm a spoiled little rich bitch," she said. "You wouldn't believe how much I have to spend each month to keep this in a garage."

We picked up some food and wine in town and drove to the house. Jen and Sonia were there with some guys and we had some cocktails. I went into our room to unpack and Mira followed me. When I turned around she grabbed me and hugged me, laughing. "I am so glad to see you, she said.

I hugged her back. "I'm so glad to see you too!"

"These guys are so boring... and Jen and Sonia are being really annoying."

"And it's only your first day."

"I know!" We giggled like teenage girls and then went back into the living room. Jen suggested that we go to the beach, so we hastily threw some things together and drove there, Mira, making sure that we went together in her car. When we go to the beach it was almost sunset.

We put a blanket down and then took off our shorts and T-shirts. I was wearing a red bikini, one that I'd had for years. Mira was wearing a brand new suite, a yellow one that looked amazing on her. Her body was perfectly toned. I was jealous and turned on at the same time. Mira looked at my suit and took one of the straps and snapped it. 

"Cute," she said.

"I need another one."

"Maybe tomorrow we'll go shopping."

"It's so expensive here."

"I know a place."

"Ok."

The rest of the night was a blur. We tried to swim, but the waves were too rough. Then we went to a seafood place with Jen and Sonia's friends and then a party. Everyone was nice to me, but I was bored, and I was feeling anxious as well. I was developing a huge crush on Mira. It didn't help that the next morning, feeling slightly hung-over, that we went shopping for bathing suits together. My crush was quickly turning to lust, and I didn't know what to do. While changing from one suite to another, Mira confessed to not being a natural blonde, and I laughed as she showed me the perfectly trimmed evidence. We both tried on several suits, with me buying one, and Mira buying two. It was hard to look at her as she modeled them for me. I wanted her so much.

The rest of the day seemed to unfold the same way as the day before. People came over, plans were made and Mira and I never had a chance to be alone. That night we were dragged to a club and sat at a noisy table which we got by buying a bottle of vodka for $400.00 to be split between 10 people, mostly Jen and Sonia's friends. I tried to rally, but Mira could see that I was getting annoyed, so she suggested that we leave and take a walk along the docks. Outside she grew quiet, almost shy. I asked her what was wrong.

"Why don't we just get it over with," Mira said.

"It?" I asked.

She took my hand in hers and rubbed it. Then she leaned into me and we kissed.

"Feel better?" 

"Yes," I said.

"I've been wanting to do that all day."

We walked along the docks holding hands, barely noticing the people who walked by.

"You know that they set this whole thing up," she said.

"I'm beginning to think so."

Mira took me by the hand and led me to a quiet place on the dock. We kissed again, and she put her arms around my waist and pulled me toward her. 

"Come home with me now," she said.

"Are you alright to drive?" I asked

"Sure."

I don't remember the ride back to the house. I know that Mira drove a little recklessly, but the roads were empty and we got back to the house. Mira led me into the bedroom and pushed me down on my bed and got on top of me, kissing me, grinding into me. I put my arms around her and drew her closer, caressing her. I pulled her top off and kissed her breasts through her bra. She pulled off my shirt and we pressed our breasts together, rubbing against each other as we kissed and touched each other. Mira kissed my neck and glided her tongue down to my chest. I took my bra off and she took off hers. "Let's be naked together," she whispered. "I want all of you."

She pulled me off the bed and we stood facing each other. "Are we doing the right thing?" I asked.

She touched my face. "Of course we are, babe." We each pulled our skirts off and faced each other. Then we embraced and I put my arms around her neck and kissed her, putting my tongue into her mouth, holding her tight. She met my tongue with hers and held me tighter, then putting her hand down my back and under my skirt and panties. I let go of her and kneeled down and pulled down my panties, kissing my already dripping pussy as she gazed up at me, her beautiful brown eyes locking with mine. She kissed my pussy again and then stood up and pulled down her panties and we embraced. "I want to ravage you," she said, kissing me. 

"I hope so," I said.

We fell on the bed and grinded into each other, sucking and licking our breasts. I felt so fee with her, wanting every inch of my body kissed and licked as much as I wanted to kiss and lick every inch of hers. I took each of her breasts into my mouth and sucked, licking and biting the nipple, teasing them, swirling around them with my tongue, taking as much of them into my mouth as I could. She moaned and held me tighter, grabbing my ass and pulling me nearer, grinding me as we sucked and licked. Then we began to rub each other's pussies with our hands. Mira moved her hand over my labia, massaging my clit as I bucked and moaned, inserting one, then two fingers into my vagina and fucked me as she rubbed my clit with her thumb, I did the same, slowly fingering her as she begged me to go harder and we lay facing each other and kissing as we wringed each other into a explosive orgasm, writhing and moaning as we worked each other's pussies harder and faster, finally cumming and collapsing, laying on our backs exhausted and holding hands. She turned to me and smiled. "Feel good?" she asked.

"Yes."

We moved back together and kissed. "We're just getting started," she said. 

"I know."

She put put her hand on my ass and wrapped her leg around my waist. We kissed again and I got on top, grinding into her. I kissed around her neck and ears, sucking her earlobe and neck, then going down between her breasts and belly. "Eat my pussy," she whispered.

I spread her legs and kissed the inside of both of her thighs, going down her legs and then kissing her ankles. Then I glided my tongue down one calf, then the other as she breathed in and out, begging me to kiss her pussy. Then I kissed the inside of one thigh then the other as I came closer to her pussy, finally kissing it, taking it in my mouth and sucking on it with my lips and then gently nibbling on her clit with my teeth and then flicking it with my tongue as Mira bucked and moaned underneath me grabbing my hair my her hands. "Feels so good," she said.

I looked up at her and she took my face into her hands, pulling me toward her, kissing me and sucking on my tongue. 

"I want your pussy," she said. She pushed me down on the bed and we got into a 69, devouring each other's drenched pussies. As I licked the whole of her, she did the same. I grabbed her ass and put my tongue inside her, licking her, sucking on her as she did the same. My legs began to shake under her and I moaned as I got closer. She bucked as I licked her clit faster and harder and she buried her face in my pussy and soon we were cumming again, barely able to breathe, passing out from the absolute ecstasy of it all. When it was over we were barely able to move, slowly finding each other in the dark and holding each other close, our arms and legs tangled together, lips touching, kissing, crying.

We woke up in each other's arms, the bed sheet barely covering us. Mira kissed me good morning and we shyly kissed and cuddled for over a half hour. I wanted to ravage it all over again. We couldn't talk at first; we just smiled. It seemed hard for us to put into words how we felt.

"Good morning babe," she said.

"Good morning."

"You were amazing last night."

"So were you."

Mira smirked. "We're did you learn to eat pussy like that?" She asked. "I must've come like five times." 

I gave Mira an innocent look and laughed and then took into my arms, squeezing her tight. We kissed more passionately and then we heard Sonia in the kitchen blasting the radio. We got up and showered. Making out again in the shower and then afterwards, while drying off. I dressed and went into the kitchen, while Mira took her time getting herself together. Sonia was at the kitchen table and greeted me with a smile. Then Jen came into the kitchen and kissed Sonia full smack on the lips. "Good morning," she said.

"Good morning," Sonia said.

Jen looked over at me and smiled. "You know, right?"

I must've turned red, because Jen laughed.

"You're blushing!"

I put my hands over my face and sighed. 

"Well, it's a good idea," I said. 

Suddenly, Mira walked in wearing her new pale blue bikini. She came over to my chair and kissed me. She looked even more beautiful, her suit glowing over her dark tan. 

"Hi babe," she said. She looked over at Jen and Sonia, still holding each other. "So know everything is in the open?" 

"Yes," I said.

"Good." Mira pulled me out of the chair and we kissed again. 

"So who's going to the beach?" She asked.

The day was overcast and the waves were so big that we were afraid to go swimming. Jen and Sonia ran into some friends and hung out with them while Mira and I lay down on the beach together desperately trying to keep our hands off of each other. Mira insisted on smearing sunblock over my "beautiful porcelain skin," her hands felt so good that I could hardly stand it. I put some on her, although her skin was now a beautiful golden brown and we sneaked a kiss.

"They're going to hang out those guys for the rest of the day," Mira said. "What should we do?"

"Hmmmm..." I said.

"You're my girlfriend now, right?"

"Of course I am."

"You'll come over this week and see my place?"

"I can't wait."

Mira took my hand and kissed it. I wouldn't let go.

Soon, Jen and Sonia returned and said that they were going to a club with some friends, which gave Mira and I the perfect excuse to back to the house. We left the beach and got into Mira's car, still in our bathing suits. The whole time I felt nervous and Mira could sense it.

"What are you so nervous about?" She asked me.

I looked away from her and smiled. I couldn't stop smiling.

"Nothing," I said.

"I can't wait to get you back to the house. We're going to have so much fun."

"We are."

She kept looking over at me and smiling, rubbing my knee, playing with my hair. Then she stepped on the gas and we began to speed down the highway. "I can't wait anymore," she said.

We got to the house. Mira kicked off her shoes and shorts and began to pull off her bathing suit. I did the same, and then we 

went to the kitchen and got beers and I sat down at the kitchen table 

and Mira stood, leaning against the counter, her beautiful tanned body right in front of me.

"I could tell that you weren't into it, today," she said.

"I was, but then I got bored," I said.

"It was fun for awhile, but I knew that you wanted to leave."

"All those guys...it got boring."

Mira approached me and put her beer down on the table and moved her head down and kissed me full on the lips. "You're so cute," she said. She sat down next to me and took my hand. "You know that from that first meeting that I picked you, right?"

I nodded. "From the first time I saw you at that bar, I knew that I wanted you."

"I wanted you too."

She kissed me again and our tongues met. My clit began to throb. "We have the place to ourselves," she said. "They won't be back until tonight."

She took my other hand and we stood up and began to kiss more passionately. She leaned against the counter and fell into her arms and our breasts pressed together and she kissed my neck as she wrapped her legs around mine. I'd never felt such lust in my life; all I wanted to do was have sex with this girl. I cradled her head in my hands as she licked down my neck and began sucking my left nipple. I moaned. She looked up at me and we kissed again. Then she turned me around and I leaned over and put my hands on the counter. She spanked my ass and then put her hand between my legs and spread them. She began massaging my clit as I bucked and moaned. She spanked me again. "Shhhhh," she said. "We have neighbors."

"I don't care," I said.

She rubbed harder and then took my hair with her other hand and 

pulled. I moaned again and she spanked me again. She rubbed harder and I could feel it getting closer. She could feel it too and put her hand over my mouth as I came, my legs shaking as she put her fingers inside me, our bodies drenched with sweat, my pussy throbbing as she took her hand away from my mouth and put her arm around my waist and held me as I shook, her body pressed against mine, her fingers still inside me, sweat pouring down my legs and back, mixing with hers.

"Relax," she said. "We're just getting started."