 It was my senior year of college and I had yet to participate in anything fun. My days, and sadly my nights too, had consisted of studying and downing red bulls in the hopes of making it into medical school, which I did! I was beyond happy and yet still felt a yearning.

The school year had been gone by in a flash and though successful in an academic sense the paragraph by my name in the yearbook looked, well, boring. Riley Addison: 4.0 GPA, honors society, member of the beta team and this year's valedictorian. I officially was a nerd, so before the summer was over, I told myself, I was going to do something wild! If only I had known how wild my summer would get.

"Come on Violet, our plane is leaving in 3 hours and you have yet to bring your last bag to the car!"

Violet was my roommate all through college, she had become such an amazing friend and was literally my lifeline when it came to the social scene. She was so popular, all the guys (and girls I might add) wanted her, and I didn't blame them. Violet was tall and slender with cascading dark chocolate curls, amazing hazel eyes, and breasts I would kill to have! It was pure fate we became friends too because Violet also had a wild streak that ran a mile long, one I had hoped to obtain this summer myself.

"Alright, I'm coming. Don't forget we still have to pick up Gemma too."

Gemma was Violet's friend and though I didn't know her very well I was happy to have her come on our summer trip with us. She was from Florida and since we were going to be spending two weeks there her knowledge would really come in handy. From the few times I had met her I though Gemma was sweet and funny so I knew our trip would only be better with her on it. She was of course gorgeous too, but in a different way than Violet was. Gemma had a curvy figure, more like my own, with golden blonde hair that came just below her shoulders, and her eyes were a lovely shade of green that I had never seen before. Basically I was heading to South Beach with two hot girls, with a brain in tow. 

The plane ride to Florida was a short one, and when I stepped out of the airport and into the warm sun I felt a rush of excitement. 

"Okay, let's go straight to the hotel and clean up a bit, then I say we go to the club ladies!" Gemma yelled back from the front of the taxi. 

"I agree, I mean we can't waste our time in Florida sight seeing, I want to meet some men," I yelled uncharacteristically from the back. It seemed everyone got a kick out of that, even the taxi driver. Maybe he smelled my studious nature too. 

We got to the hotel around 5pm and I was ready to have fun and let lose! I had never really been out to a club before, every time Violet and her friends went out I was too busy hitting the books or getting ready for a lab to join in. Now it was my turn to throw caution to the wind and get wild, this vacation was going to be a new Riley. 

A few hours later, after room service and girl primping time we were looking good and headed out to the club. I was actually really proud of myself; I don't think I had ever looked this good before. Violet had curled straightened my hair with her iron that I had always thought was absurdly priced, but I will admit it had done the job. My normally dull auburn hair was now glistening in the Florida sunset. Gemma had let me borrow her strapless black dress too; it showed off my curves to a tee and even held up my very large size D breasts, which was a feat in its own. I felt great and was ready to party!

Gemma had actually known the doorman at the club so we got in no problem. The minute we walked in I knew we were in a world all its own, this nightclub looked like something out of a movie. The walls were a deep blood red color with red strobe lights flickering of the diamond like fixtures hanging from the ceiling. The bars were made of pure thick glass, see though, with liquor seeming to flow in mid air. I felt amazing walking around in this bar with the two most gorgeous women there. 

"Come on, do another shot with me Riley," Gemma yelled at me from the dance floor.

"Okay, you talked me into it!"

"Girl, you are getting crazy, I've never seen you like this before," Violet said as she handed Gemma and I another round of Patron shots.

"Yeah, I know, but we're on vacation and I don't know about you but I'm having such a good time."

We continued to dance for what seemed like hours. I was entranced by the music and the scene, and of course the alcohol. Then something happened on the dance floor that set off a chain reaction, and gave me my first real dose of what being wild and spontaneous was all about. While dancing I happened to look over at Violet and Gemma, they were grinding on each other, which I notice a lot of girls do at clubs so I thought nothing of it. But then minutes later I looked back and saw that they were kissing one another. This was no everyday kiss, their mouths were open, tongues tracing one another's full lips, and I could easily tell they had done this before. I pulled Violet into the bathroom; I had to know what was going on. 

"What was that?" I said, trying to sound non-judgmental. 

"What, oh the kiss, I thought I told you before that Gemma and I had fooled around."

"No, you didn't! I think I would remember you telling me something like that," I said.

"Oh, well I'm sorry, we'll stop if it's making you uncomfortable," Violet said kindly. 

"No, its okay, I'm okay. Let's just go back out to the dance floor, I was actually having a really good time."

When I said it I knew I was being truthful but I was also very nervous. What I hadn't told Violet was how much it had turned me on watching her and Gemma kiss. I had thought about girls in the past but had never acted on it. Seeing the girls kiss right in front of me was something I had never experience in person before, and something that seem to light a fire in me. Though it was completely crazy for me to think this, I reminded myself what this trip was all about to begin with, letting lose. I was going to see where the night would take me, and for once I would hold nothing back. 

We got back to the hotel around 2 am and not one of us was tired so we decided to stay up and continue the party in our hotel room. Gemma had gone down to grab some liquor from the gift shop so it was the perfect time to talk to Violet about my feelings at the club. 

"Violet, can I tell you something that may shock you, I mean I don't want to freak you out though so please keep an open mind."

"Yeah, of course, you know you can always tell me anything Riley."

"Okay, well you know when you and Gemma were kissing at the club...."

"Yeah, I'm sorry about that we didn't mean to weird you out."

"No, that not it, I, well I wanted to tell you that it actually really got me going. Watching the two of you kiss made me want to join in to tell you the truth," I said nervously. 

Right before Violet could answer Gemma walked in with the bubbly. 

"Alright girls, let's keep this party going," Gemma said.

We continued to drink and dance in the room, talking about all our favorite college memories. The time when I fell asleep in the lab room only to find myself drooling in front of the entire class come morning, or even better when Voilet gave a lap dance to the teacher so she could pass freshman English! We had all been lying on the bed talking and laughing for hours when I noticed how close Violet and Gemma were becoming. They were almost lying on top of each other at one point; it was as if I wasn't there. Gemma had begun to reach out to kiss Voilet but then I guess remembered I was right there and began to pull back. I notice Voilet shoot me a sly grin, and she pulled Gemma in closer, all the while looking at me making sure I was okay with it. I gave her a wink that I most certainly was. 

Gemma and Violet began making out right in front of me. Their lips open, tongues flowing in and out of each others mouths. Voilet began to trace Gemma's full lips with her tongue and I could hardly stand it, I was getting so wet but I was still highly nervous, this was something I never pictured happening on our trip. They continued to kiss and touch all over one another when I realized that Gemma was reaching out for me to join in! I was highly tempted but was still too shy and I think Violet noticed this right away. 

"You know Riley, if you're a bit too shy to join us, you can always watch," she said with a sexy smile. 

"That sounds perfect," I said back, and I meant it. 

Violet then began to slowly undress Gemma. She lowered each one of her spaghetti straps down over her shoulders, exposing Gemma's amazing breasts. Gemma's nipples were so hard, I watched as Voilet began to suck on each one taking time to flick them with her tongue and roll them in between her fingers. I was becoming more turned on by the minute. Gemma then reached her hand down Violets stomach and in between her very short miniskirt. I saw her fingers reach up into the skirt and violet squealed with pleasure. Violet then lifted up her skirt to reveal Gemma fingering her with expert technique. All I could think was that I wanted those fingers inside of me too, I was becoming so aroused that I could feel my thong begin to soak beneath me. 

Violet's skirt was up around her waist now and Gemma brought her face down in between her legs. Violet rested her back against the large headboard while Gemma began to lick her shaved pussy. Voilet was so wet and her juices ran down in between her thighs. Gemma took Violets swollen clit in between her lips and began to suck and flick while fingering her at the same time. Voilet was moaning loudly at this point and I just couldn't take it anymore. I didn't know exactly how to join in but I had to have a release somehow so without even thinking I began to raise up my dress and play with myself. Violet looked over with a complete yearning and nudged Gemma to look over too. They both stopped what they were doing and came over to where I was. 

Voilet began to slowly kiss me, making sure I was comfortable with it, which I was. I began to forcefully kiss her back allowing our tongues to fully enter one another's mouths. Gemma was making her way to my breasts, she pulled down my strapless dress and began to nibble and suck on my now rock hard nipples. I let out a long sigh, I couldn't believe this was happening but there was no way I was stopping now, I was too turned on by it all. Violet continued to passionately kiss me while Gemma now had my dress up, exposing my soaked pussy. 

"If you don't mind Gemma, I'd love to take over down there," Violet chimed. 

"Of course I don't, let's trade, I'd love to see how good of a kisser she is."

Gemma then reached up and began to kiss me, she was an amazing kisser herself and I was more than happy to abide. I then felt Violet begin to kiss and lick up and down my inner thighs. She placed each of the legs over the wide arms of the chair I was sitting in which gave her full access to my writhing pussy. Gemma made her way back down to my nipples so I could have a full view of Violet sucking away at my clit and lips. This was beyond anything I had ever felt before, Violet would start with flicking my clit with her tongue but then would switch and start sucking away at it like no one had ever done before. I felt waves of orgasmic pleasure surge down my body. She started to slowly slide a finger in my drenched hole, moving it slowly in and out all the while sucking and flicking at my clit. 

"Oh, that feels so good, don't stop, please don't stop," I begged.

Voilet moaned from beneath me and Gemma reached up to give me a longing kiss. Violet was flicking at my clit and I could feel the orgasm coming on, it was something more urgent that I had ever known before. She began to place two fingers inside of me, reaching up and around so that she hit my g spot and I couldn't hold it back any longer. 

"I'm going to come Voilet, oh, please suck on my clit, keep sucking, oh!"

"Yeah, that's it, come for us Riley," Gemma whispered in my ear, causing me to come even harder than I was before.

"Oh, Oh, Oh, yes...oh please, yes, don't stop!"

I began to shake as Violet sucked every last drop out of me and Gemma gave me one last kiss. The orgasm was something I had never experienced before; it seemed to travel throughout my entire body. 

"Wow, oh my gosh, that was amazing, just amazing," I said, still not sure what exactly I should say at a moment such as this. 

"For us too," Violet said confident in what she had just done.

I was feeling a bit nervous as to what should happen next and we all seemed to sit in silence for a bit until Gemma broke the tension.

"So, is it my turn next?"