 "Hey Candace, break time," I yelled through cupped hands at the pretty Nordic looking blonde on the lifeguard chair.

With tremendous agility, Candace climbed down and sprinted for the ladies locker room. After spending three hours on the lofty perch, a much needed bathroom break was in order. 

I gazed at the retreating figure with longing. While most of my friends stared at the male lifeguards with hungry looks, I was pining for a female. 

For the first time in my nineteen years, I was having bi feelings or more appropriately, lust for someone of my own gender. 

At the first lifeguard meeting, I found myself stealing glances at Candace's face and body. In fact, I was completely occupied gawking at her and missed most of the important information.

Candace was the senior lifeguard and technically my boss. A statuesque five foot nine inch beauty with an incredible swimmers body, she exuded a sexuality that made my blood surge like the rapids of a mighty river with want. 

My desires conflicted with my previous lack of interest for anything remotely lesbian in nature. All through high school, I considered myself a heterosexual. Although, I was aware of same sex hook ups, I lacked any desire for intimacy with another female. 

However, my attitude changed during freshman year at college when my roommate admitted she was bi curious. Rosie was a tough cookie from Brooklyn but with a heart as big as the Big Apple. 

As I sat on the lifeguard stand and waited for Candace to return, I tried to think logically about my desire for the blonde hottie. But that was the problem, when it came to animalistic impulses, logic was missing from the equation. In addition, with my lack of experience in same sex matters, I felt completely inept at how to broach the subject with her.

My calm, reserved nature was a definite drawback. The only pleasantries I exchanged with Candace were "hello" and "goodbye".

"She doesn't even know I'm alive," I thought self mockingly. 

Convinced that I would never experience her womanly charms, I had given up all hope when fate intervened. 

From my early teens, I took prescription medication for allergies during the spring and fall. Without it, I had a hard time functioning outdoors. That year, my medication seemed less effective and my doctor prescribed a stronger pill. 

One of the side effects associated with the heavier dose was drowsiness or a pervasive feeling of fatigue, especially during physical activity. I usually took my dosage at night before bed but on that particular late spring day I took it in the morning because I missed the previous evening.

I struggled to stay alert most of the afternoon. Around dinner hour, Sarah, a fellow lifeguard, dropped by and chatted excitedly about the annual men versus women lifeguard competition taking place that same evening. 

"Hey Julie, it's the girls against guys when the pool closes at seven thirty. You ready? " she asked in her bubbly way. 

"Oh...well...I don't know, I'm kinda tired," I stated weakly.

"Sleep when you get home, you're one of our best swimmers. Please stay?" she pleaded.

Sarah was right, except for Candace, I had the fastest recorded times for the girls' and most of the boys. 

"Ok, I'll stay," I sighed. 

I felt weak and sleepy from the medication but convinced myself that the physical activity would rouse me. Although I won the three events I was entered in, my limbs were leaden and I was out of breath. 

While I was resting after my final event, Sarah approached me again.

"Hey, Tia's injured and can't compete in the 400 meter medley. You'll fill in, won't you?" she implored. 

Against my better judgment, I accepted. 

At the sound of the starters' pistol, I knifed my body in the water and for two thirds of the race, I poured it on and was in the lead. I was making the turn for the final lap when an overwhelming fatigue enveloped my body. 

My limbs felt incredibly heavy and I involuntarily slowed down as though I was in slow motion. I could hear the spectators yelling but it sounded faint and far away.

By the time I reached the wall for the final turn, my nearest competitor had caught up and would certainly pass me. Time took on a different characteristic as seconds were drawn out like hours. I was floating weightless in a serene state of mind with no worries or cares.

As I sank deeper, I remember thinking that breathing under water was a cinch. It was so incredibly peaceful that I wanted to stay there forever. For some inexplicable reason, I thought about the "The Little Mermaid".

"Hell, if she can do it, so can I," my brain intuited.

A darkness, an all encompassing but peaceable darkness was sweeping over me. However, a barely perceptible feeling of pressure on my mouth and chest invaded my mind. 

Suddenly, I was jolted back to reality; coughing up large amounts of pool water onto the concrete deck. Candace was hovering over me with a grave expression on her pretty face. 

"What happened?" I asked still unaware of my predicament. 

The sound of an emergency vehicle siren assailed my ears as I sputtered and spewed more water from my lungs. Slowly the reality of the situation took hold and tears erupted from my eyes. 

Candace held me as my body shook with heaving sobs. 

"You're ok now...shh..." she said in a gentle tone and stroked my wet hair trying to comfort me. 

In Candace's embrace, a wonderful feeling of security enshrouded me and I gradually lost consciousness. 

I awoke to the sight of my father's face filled with concern but relief. 

"Julie...sweetheart..." he blubbered and brought my hand to his tear dampened cheek.

"Where am I dad?" I asked in a croaking voice. 

"County General..." he said in a weepy tone and was unable to continue. 

My dad rarely expressed deep emotion except when it concerned me. Our relationship was one of love and mutual respect. He had a cynical side but was a lighthearted, loving father who treated me like an adult. 

I was ten when my mother died of breast cancer. While my teenage years were generally free of the strife and angst that typified many of my friends, it was hard on my father. 

However, he was adamant that I experience a normal childhood. No topic or subject was taboo and we shared in frequent exchanges of ideas. My dad spoke to me like an equal and I fail to recall him talking down to me. He was fearlessly determined to fill the void left by my mother's absence. 

With my slender body, dark brown hair and light olive complexion, I bore an uncanny resemblance to my mother. Along with my quiet and shy nature, my dad found it disconcerting.

"My child, you really are your mother's daughter," he would say with a beaming face and always with the utmost caring. 

Per doctor's orders, I took three days off from work and was confined to my bedroom. My dad spent the first day with me but much to my surprise he informed me that Candace had called and volunteered her services until I was on my feet again. 

"When did she call dad?" I asked with earnest curiosity.

"This morning but you were still asleep. She's working late afternoons at the pool and insisted on spending her free time watching over you," he stated with admiration.

I'm sure I had a wistful expression on my face. 

"Of course, if it's not ok, I'll call and tell her not..." he started to say but I cut him off. 

"It's fine dad, really," I said with emotion and took his large hand in mine. 

"I don't know if anyone told you but Candace pulled you out of the water and performed CPR on you. If it weren't for her efforts...I shudder to think what might have..." he spoke in a shaky voice and tears fell down his cheeks. 

The revelation that Candace, my lust interest, had saved my life reverberated thru my mind. The rescue had all the melodrama of a teenage romance novel except for one twist; my hero was a voluptuous blonde hottie. 

I was thrilled by the realization that I would be spending the next two days with Candace. For most of the afternoon and evening, I was in a state of flux. I barely slept and it didn't go unnoticed by my father. I tossed and turned in a vain effort to catch some z's but my mind was totally preoccupied with thoughts of Candace. 

Except for the pleasantries we exchanged at work, I knew very little about Candace. But, just thinking about her made my heart beat faster. Well past midnight, I lay in bed staring at the ceiling as an endless procession of thoughts and doubts predominated my thinking. 

"What should I wear? What do I say? Will she think I'm a dork?" I kept asking myself.

Sometime before dawn, I finally fell asleep but woke to the sound of my father's voice.

"Julie, I'm leaving for work in about fifteen minutes. Do you need anything?" He asked with concern.

I slowly shook my head "no" and gave my dad a big hug. When he left my room, I dashed into the bathroom. My last shower was two days ago and was I feeling very ripe and smelly. 

Quickly I washed and threw on a fresh sports T, panties and French braided my hair. I landed in my bed just as my father was announcing his departure and Candace's arrival. 

As I lay there trying to appear nonchalant, I heard footsteps in the hallway. Candace knocked on the door jamb holding a tray with a tea pot and mug. She looked positively stunning in a pair of skin tight shorts and bare mid riff T shirt that displayed her six pack abs. 

"Hey Julie, thought you might like some herbal tea," She said in the sweetest voice.

"Sure," I said barely above a whisper and sat up in bed. 

Candace was pouring the tea when I remembered I wasn't wearing a bra. Although I'm an "A" cup, I have very long, prominent nipples that were poking against the thin fabric of my T shirt. Feeling shy in the presence of someone I barely knew, as discretely as possible, I pulled the bed sheet up to my neck.

As I sipped the hot tea, I felt her gaze but couldn't find the strength to look at her. 

"Do you like the tea?" she asked soothingly.

"Yes, delicious," I said in a low voice with my eyes downcast. 

God! I sounded like a nit wit! 

"How are you feeling?" she inquired with concern and sat on the side of my bed.

"Ok, pretty good actually," I said quietly and slowly shifted my gaze upward to her radiant face. 

Candace was looking across my bed at a framed picture of my mother on the nightstand. As she leaned over me to retrieve the photo, I inhaled the light, sensual odor of a perfume or body powder she was wearing. Light wisps trickled into my nose with erotic appeal. 

"Girl, you are the spitting image of your mother. She's very pretty," Candace said admiringly. 

"Thanks, I miss her a lot" I said bashfully and I felt my face redden. 

Candace regarded me with piercing blue eyes.

"I guess I should explain..." I said solemnly and recalled the sad story for her. 

As I spoke about the past, my nervousness seemed to vanish. Candace's complete attention was focused on me and it bolstered my confidence. But, as I neared the end, my lower lip quivered with emotion and tears pooled in my eyes. All the stored overwrought feelings of the last few days tumbled out of my psyche. 

Candace held me in her sinewy arms as I bawled.

"Thanks for rescuing me," I stated in a blubbering but very grateful way.

"You would have done the same for me," she said in an emotion filled voice. 

Slowly I regained some self control but the indescribably erotic feeling of Candace's hard body against mine was intoxicating. Involuntarily, I nuzzled against her silky neck and gave it a light but sensual peck. 

Candace pulled back and regarded me with a mixture of wonder and curiosity. For the first time, I held her unwavering gaze without fear or shyness. 

"Julie...I...ah..." She stammered. 

The sudden musical ring of my cell phone startled us. As I spoke with my best friend Becky, Candace took the tea tray to the kitchen with an amused expression on her face. Becky had just heard about my accident and wanted to visit later that day. 

Before Candace returned, an overwhelming sensation of fatigue took hold of me and I lay back on the pillows with half closed eyes. Little did I realize that my body was still in recovery mode and required lots of rest. "Julie, you ok?" she asked with concern.

"I'm kinda sleepy," I said in a dreamy voice. 

Candace sat next me and took my hand in hers.

"Oh, your hands are cold," she stated with worry and brought them up to her warm cheek.

It was an endearing gesture that made me smile as I drifted toward slumber.

I woke to the sight of Becky sitting next to my bed, reading a magazine. 

"What time is it?" I asked in a croaking voice.

"Almost 4 o'clock; I never thought you'd wake up," Becky stated with exasperation. 

"Where's Candace?" I inquired innocently. 

"The big blonde girl? She left an hour ago when I showed up," Becky stated in a matter of fact tone. 

Slowly I roused myself and after a quick trip to the bathroom, recounted my near demise at the pool. 

"You mean the girl that was here...ah...what's her name?" she fumbled for the word.

"Candace," I said finishing her thought. 

"She's the one that saved your sorry ass?" Becky asked in amazement.

"Yeah," I answered in a dreamy voice. 

"Shit! She could rescue me any day," Becky crowed.

During her first year at college, Becky had several same sex encounters and was now admittedly bi sexual.

Long before Becky confided in me about her sexuality, we became the best of friends. She was the outspoken extrovert while I was conservative and quiet. Surely an odd couple but the chemistry was right for an enduring friendship.

Becky was staring at me with a very curious but intense look.

"You like her!" she crowed excitedly. 

"Oh...ah...I...yeah, she's very nice?" I stuttered trying lamely to deflect the real meaning. 

"Bullshit Jule! You know damn well what I'm saying," she stated with annoyance. 

I'm sure my face was beet red from her revelation. But, it was useless trying to con Becky. 

"Fuck Jule, it finally happened to you," she said like some wise mystic with a broad grin on her attractive face. 

Most of the time, I spoke freely with Becky. I knew in my heart that we shared a sisterly bond but on this matter, I was completely tongue tied. 

"Beck...I...ah...you see..." I stammered like some drooling fool with downcast eyes.

"...and you need some advice," she stated completing my sentence.

I slowly brought my gaze up to meet hers. 

"In some ways, it's a heck of a lot better than being with a guy," she said with first hand knowledge. 

"It is?" I asked sounding like a total twit.

"Jesus girl, I can see this isn't going to be easy," she said with mild frustration. 

My undivided attention was focused on Becky. 

"For one thing, we, us girls I mean, know what and where it feels good. We're softer and if I say so myself, we smell better!" She exclaimed with a laughing face.

Becky was right about the smell. The fragrance from Candace's body fueled my sexual yearning. 

"Plus, once a girl goes down on you...Oh sweet Jesus!" she said with religious fervor, then broke out in song.

"Nothin could be finer than her lickin my vagina in the mornin..." she sang in a happy voice.

Normally explicit talk of this nature would make me blush but my comfort level was so high with Becky that I was beginning to feel hot and bothered instead. 

In spite of my reserved demeanor, I was no stranger to sex. In fact, at the age of fifteen, I discovered I was downright horny. 

Although I was officially a virgin, I explored the carnal pleasures of the flesh starting in a big way during senior year of high school. 

It progressed from the typical hot make out sessions, to groping and finally oral pleasure. For my eighteenth birthday, my boyfriend Salvatore or Sal, treated me to dinner at my favorite restaurant and afterward we went to a teen dance club until midnight. 

Sal was the intelligent, sensitive type with the added bonus of a great body. A real Italian Stallion. I was routinely giving him head without any thought of reciprocation. 

On my birthday night we were parked in our usual spot at lovers' lane when Sal kissed down my chest until his lips engulfed a nipple. He absolutely loved sucking my tits and my pussy would cream from his energetic lips.

My body was aflame from Sal's talented sucking but instead of sitting up to receive his blow job, he was unzipping my jeans and pulling them down my legs. 

Before I had a chance to react, Sal did a face plant on my silky undies and mouthed my pussy. An incredible feeling of lust spread through my body and I squirmed in anticipation. Slowly and seductively my panties slid down my legs and the cool night air gave me goose bumps. 

I could hear Sal's labored breathing when a warm breath blew gently across my furry mound. I sighed deeply with pleasure and acceptance of the act to come. 

Sal looked up at me with an expression of pure lust as I spread my legs wide for him. His first few licks were hesitant and exploratory but he quickly got into a rhythm. Over time, and with my help, Sal became very proficient in the art of cunnilingus and I craved it on a regular basis. 

"Yo Jule, pay attention," Becky said loudly snapping me out of my daydream.

My pussy was quivering from my recollections of Sal. 

"I see you're getting into the spirit of things," she said in a naughty tone and pointed at my chest.

My nipples were hard and poking mightily against my T shirt.

"So are you," I said in a spirited voice and pointed to her boobs. 

Becky and I had slender builds with excellent muscle tone but that's were the similarities ended. She was blonde with mischievous green eyes and although her breasts were bigger, the nipples were like two pink kisses. 

"Where was I...oh...and most important, no fear of pregnancy," she said with scholarly assurance. 

"Ok but what...I mean how do I..." I was stammering again. 

"...get things started," she said finishing my question once more.

As Becky pondered my question, my crotch was twitching and damp from the sexually charged atmosphere. 

"God, I need some relief!" my mind screamed at me.

Whenever I was boyfriendless, as was the case at that time, I diddled myself frequently. 

With Becky lost in thought, my hand spontaneously snuck into my panties. My slit was creaming and it lubricated a finger lazily stroking up and down.

"Umm...hmm...umm," I quietly moaned as a slimy digit slid over my clit. 

"Jule!" Becky cried when she noticed my illicit action and although it startled me, I was powerless to stop. 

As I closed my eyes, my fingers picked up speed and squishing noises filled the air. I was masturbating in front of my best friend, a first for us but long overdue. 

Becky pulled the bed sheet down until my strumming hand buried in my undies came into view. 

"Oh...umm...umm," I moaned louder in a breathless voice.

Suddenly, I found the panties too confining and whipped them down my legs. With my legs spread and Becky's eyes glued to my pussy, I frigged myself with abandon. 

I noticed that Becky's face had a hungry look and was gradually moving lower toward my sloppy sex. When it was scant inches away, I stopped my furiously working fingers and pushed my throbbing pussy onto her lips. 

Any sense of morality or decorum that I possessed flew right out the window as Becky's tongue lapped me intensely but gently. 

"Ooh...oh Beck...ah...umm," I panted out loud.

With the sounds of slurping and sucking resonating in the room, I threw my legs over Becky's shoulders when she took hold of my butt. She was right, nothing could be finer.

"Goddamn Beck!" I cried out and grabbed fistfuls of bed sheet as my pussy pulsated with intense sensations.
