 I was lying on my bed, talking on the phone. Surprise, Surprise. It was a friend I had dreamed about getting in bed for a long time. She was no saint and yet she was still quite innocent. She was getting married to a nice guy. She was talking about the wedding and asking questions here and there. I told her among other things, that the best thing she could have was a personal attendant to keep her calm and keep all the petty problems off her back. Make sure it is someone you trust, who knows you very well, and handles stress and weddings pretty well. 

She sat there listening to me and then asked, "Would you be my personal attendant since I fit all those things in her life?"

"Of course, how could I say no when I suggested it." 

She then jokingly said "Being you are my PA, you can come over on Saturday. You are going to be in town anyways, so you can give me a massage. Besides, I have some other things I want to talk about, but not over the phone."

"You are pushing it, but your wish is my command and I will oblige you."

I went to her house Saturday afternoon. She answered the door in her robe and I knew I was in trouble. Control was going to have to be my thought of the day no matter what she wanted to talk about. 

I sat down on the couch as she undid her robe. She had lotions laid out and a box I had never seen. "Whenever you are ready...." so she stood up and dropped her robe. I didn't let my jaw drop but it should have. She was wearing a string bikini. She had been working out and had lost about 20 pounds. She laid down on the floor and got comfortable. 

In trying to hold my composure I asked, "What am I focusing on?"

"Yes."

I had her roll over so I could start with her head in my lap for two reasons. The first was my hands weren't greasy yet and the second was, I was not way turned on yet, emitting a scent that was undeniable but looking at her, it wouldn't take long. 

I started the massage and she was very quiet. She reached for her stereo remote and turned it on. Soothing, relaxing music came wafting out. I had heard it before but I could not put my finger on it. I kept massaging and then it dawned on me what it was. It was a seduction CD that I had given her as a joke. 

It starts out real calm and then as it progresses, it gets more and more passionate. I had to flip her over and get this done as soon as possible. She rolled over and untied her bikini top. I grabbed the lotion and began. I hadn't anymore gotten the lotion spread out and she asked the first question of many. 

"Kaylee, I want to ask you a question that I have been thinking about for a while now. Have you had sex with a woman?"

I stayed real quiet, and then she went on, "I have been thinking about it, reading and I have some questions I want to ask of someone I know who has been with a woman."

I asked her one back. "Why do you think that I have?"

"Rumors, how you interact with us girls, the looks you sometimes have when you like what you see. Like just a little bit ago when I undid my robe."

I swallowed hard, I didn't know if I could do what she was about to ask.

"I have been thinking about this for almost a year now. You don't have to answer me. Finish my back and this will be over."

I thought for a second and then realized my hands were moving to the music. "I have been with several women but only 2 were serious and there are 2-3 that asked questions like I think you are going to ask." 

I grabbed more lotion and laid my hands on her butt. "They then wanted to know what it felt like by someone they trusted, so reluctantly I did it. One of them turned on me and the other two just distanced themselves from me. I have 2 rules, one don't hurt me and two I will not make the first move because I don't know why anyone would want me to touch them or to be intimate with me."

She was really quiet. I worked down her legs, which were really tense. It gave me something to focus on. She looked back at me and said, "I want to know."

A shiver went down my spine as I worked on her feet. She must be focused because she is super ticklish. "So what do you want to know?"

"I read quite often that it is so much different being with a woman." I had finished her backside and motioned for her to roll over. She did without covering up. "Damn girl, those are amazing. What a rack!"

She smiled as I looked her in the eyes. 

"The best way to show the difference is a kiss. I have heard you say that your man is a good kisser." 

"Yes." 

"If you want to really know the difference and you trust me, kiss me."

She sat up, thought for a second, and then leaned towards me. She was hesitant.

"Relax and pretend you are kissing him. I will do the rest." 

She leaned in and our lips met, she pulled back and looked at me. 

"Trust me, I won't hurt you, you are in control."

She slid back to me and tried again, this time like she was kissing him. I gave her a couple of seconds and then I started to kiss her with all the passion of a woman. The kiss only lasted mere moments and yet, she looked at me with a look of- can I have another now that I am not scared. This time when she moved in, I put my hands on her face like I was with one of my lovers. When this kiss ended, she was breathless. 

"Lie down so I can finish your massage." I worked for a long time on her legs avoiding the Y. Her muscles felt like jello and she was very quiet. 

When I moved up to her belly, she said "Is it always the feeling that you are the most important, beautiful woman in the world and you are floating on a cloud?" 

"I am sure there are bad kissers and bad lovers out there but I learned well and I was good from the beginning, but a good kiss stems from caring. My first encounter was with a great sex partner who had always been a lesbian. She had lots of partners over the years, but swore that our first time together was not my first time with a woman, even though it was. I have NEVER approached a woman, or man for that matter. I am NOT worth it. No one should have to see or be with me, but I am the biggest pleaser in the world. I get off on getting others off, without ever being touched from the other person."

I had skipped from her belly to her arms. She said, "Are you wet?"

"What do you think? Am I pleasing you?" I continued working on her arms and then moving across the tops of her breasts toward her shoulders. When I finished, I gave her a peck on the lips and got up on the couch. 

I could tell she was deep in thought, and I was waiting for the next question. She slid up beside me, kissed me, and said, "Make love to me."

I looked at her for a moment, "It's not that simple. I could ruin you for your husband. You would feel a real orgasm and likely never get one from him unless he gets lucky once in a while."

"I am going to find out one way or another. I have been talking to a lesbian on-line that would do me for $100."

"That is probably where you will find the bad sex I talked about and possibly diseases. Good lesbians are in it to have good sex and try to turn women. Besides I could probably walk circles around her. What did you want from her?"

"A kiss, to be eaten, to have an orgasm(s), eat pussy, and to know that I can please a woman, if need be."

I asked, "Where is this coming from? Are you doing it for your man? Does he have a fantasy? There is no mention of sex on this list. There is a lot more to sex with a woman than eating pussy, believe it or not. How bad do you really want this? I can do the things on your list but you will not know what sex with a woman really is. The things on your list will not always accomplish the last item."

"Sometimes to please me means to curl up in each other's arms, watch a movie, and then fall asleep, waking up with them still in your arms. Most women want to be touched and praised before you ever get down to business. Most guys think foreplay is suck my dick for 10 minutes or more, and if you are lucky he will lick your pussy for 30 seconds which he thinks is a long time, then fuck you, cum, and go to sleep while you are on the verge of an orgasm that you likely faked for their ego. I can eat your pussy and teach you a few cool tricks if that is what you think sex is but then, I will likely walk away with the truth seeping out of my pussy aching to be released."

There was a tear in my eye knowing that I had been entirely too honest. I started to apologize but she stopped me saying, "I obviously need to learn more about what passion really is." She had just seen it in my eyes and we weren't even doing anything.

"It is the passion that gets me in trouble, which is why I have almost vowed off showing my friends. I am the one that gets hurt as they walk out of my life. They decide that maybe they really didn't want to know; I become the bad guy for showing them."

She left the room and I turned off that part of me as I figured that it was over. I couldn't have been more wrong. She came over and reached for my hand. She led upstairs and locked the door as we went in. She turned off the phone, and put the CD in from downstairs. 

"I need to take a shower and collect my thoughts." Then I thought to myself, was I really going to do this? Hadn't I been hurt enough?

While I was in the shower, I realized she was coated in lotion, which gave me a beginning plan. "Come here."

She walked in wearing a slinky nighty, and my jaw dropped. I had to get my train of thought back. I told her the rules:

"If you tell me to stop, no matter what, I will, but that will be the end. Once you turn me off, I am done. Don't hurt me. We could have sex 10 times and no 2 would be exactly alike. It may take me a bit to get into my groove learning you. Do you agree?" 

"Yes."

I reached for her hand so she stripped and proceeded to get in the shower. I grabbed her soap and started to lather her up. I rubbed every inch of her luscious body. As I washed off her front, her back was against my chest. I started kissing and nibbling her neck and ears. I turned her around. She reached for me but I pinned her against the wall and kissed her long, hard, and super passionately. I hadn't had sex in a while so I was super aroused. We finished in the shower, touching and teasing as we dried each other off. I took her hand and led her to the bed.

I sat her down and then lit a few candles which I knew that we both liked. I turned on the music and asked her to dance for me. I settled back on the bed, watching her. Eventually she straddled me and continued to dance. I started touching her, which she responded to. Leaning in like she was going to kiss me, she went for my neck and ears, running her fingers through my hair. I was squirming. 

It was time for me to take control. I grabbed her, flipping her off of me. I got her pinned face down and went to work. I placed kisses on her back, lightly trailing my fingers around also. She was almost panting, she was so turned on. I began to think that this was not new to her. I flipped her over in one motion, mounting her, and going for her neck. I pinned her arms above her head and went for her nipples that were begging to be sucked. I nipped and sucked till they were purple. 

She was begging for release, if she only knew what I had in store for her, she wouldn't be. I kissed down her belly and nuzzled her well-trimmed pubic hair. I started by just running my tongue up and down her slit avoiding her clit, then suddenly nipping at it. She jumped, and then I got my fingers involved, working 1 and then 2 into her very wet hole. She was very tight but I worked into a quick rhythm, giving her first orgasm in mere seconds. She was studdering and dry mouthed. 

She sprang away from my fingers and tackled me, going right into a 69 position. Now I knew this was not her first romp with a woman. Her clit was in the perfect place even if she tried bucking my face. I was going to have to concentrate not to cum to soon. One thing I knew for sure, she was headed for a flood on her face. 

We were both going fast and furious, having several small orgasms apiece. I felt a monster coming on the way she was working me. I upped my intensity so we could cum together or at least close. I felt it building and prepared for the earth to shake. I buried my face deep in her pussy and let loose spraying her in the face, which caused her to do a smaller version to me. 

She had lit a fire under me so I flipped her over and started dry humping her as I reached for the edge of the mattress and grabbed her dildo that I knew would be there. I shoved it in her pussy and fucked the shit out of her with my hand on her clit. I made her cum 10 times before I stopped. She was on the verge of passing out. 

I laid down beside her and waited for her to calm down. "So how long have you been with women." 

"How did you know?"

"No new sex partner goes for 69 like you did."

She blushed and said,"I heard you were good in bed and your tongue was magic. I also knew that you had been hurt so I took the shy approach. I have one more question; can we have a threesome now?" 

"Male or female" 

"My informant."

That meant one of my sex partners, so I nodded approvingly. Her fiancé walked in with a woman escorted on his arm. "Oh yeah, he wants to watch."

My jaw was on the bed. It was someone I hadn't had sex with in awhile as she had been in another state. I crawled off the bed and kissed her passionately. I threw Jaycee on the bed and got right to work with my tongue. 

All of a sudden, I felt something sliding into my pussy and it wasn't real. I was being fucked doggie style while eating. Very shortly, I came so violently that I pushed the dick right out of my pussy as the pussy I was eating came. They grabbed me and threw me down. Jaycee went for my pussy requesting a flood. Kasey kissed me and then climbed on my face. The faster my pussy was worked, the harder I went at the one on my face. 

"Anyone who wants to see a flood better get in position."

All 3 came close and I sprayed them all, and then passed out. I came to with a girl in each arm. I kissed them both. I tried to speak but they stopped me. We layed there in the quiet, drifting off to sleep.