 It was hot, hot and sweaty, far too hot for housework and in fact just the sort of day to take advantage of Adam's new six foot tall privacy fencing and do a spot of nude sunbathing on the lawn.  Nikki needed to top up her tan anyway for when they went on holiday next month, so it wasn't as if she'd be wasting the day. At least, that's how she justified things to herself when she collected together her blanket, book and sun cream before installing herself on the close cropped grass of her back garden.

 Nikki was slightly above average tall, solidly built, black haired and brown eyed, with skin that tanned easily and naturally, her colouring a legacy of distant Turkish ancestry. With her colouring came a tendency to hairiness, her pubes a thick black wiry thatch that extended higher up her belly than most did, as well as scattering dark hairs at the top of her thighs and around her anus. Before she went on holiday in a bikini, she reminded herself, she would need to bring that aspect of her appearance back under control with a good waxing.  But today there was neither bikini nor anyone to see her, so it didn't matter.

 The sun held no terrors for her, but she still took the sensible precaution of coating herself liberally with high factor sun protection. She was far from mole free and skin cancer was one of her acknowledged horrors.  Anyway, the feel of her own hands running over herself as she massaged the cream into her skin was always unexpectedly sensual, almost erotic, and had more than once led to a much more determined pleasuring.  The feel of slippery hands, even her own, massaging her full breasts with their rubbery nipples made her eyes close with pleasure. Today though, she just wanted to relax and read while the sun did its work and she resisted the ever present temptation. 

 She preferred sunbathing nude, the sense of freedom along with that vague feeling of naughtiness appealed to her adventurous side.  She loved too, the way an errant breeze could make her dark nipples respond and raise little goose bumps that were then soothed away by the warmth of the sun.  What better way to spend a hot afternoon – just so long as she remembered to turn over from time to time and not cook either her front or her back.  She didn't burn easily, but she could still get painful sunburn if she really overdid things.

 She was soon deep into her book, a novel portraying the German occupation of France, identifying herself with the resistance heroine, feeling as if she too was fighting to free her homeland, with even the warm sun on her bare bottom turned into the heat of fires from a burning German fuel dump and the sounds of traffic on the nearby road converted into the clatter of tank tracks as a baffled enemy tried ineffectively to seek out his tormenter.  So lost was she that the click of the gate brought momentary terror as thoughts of leather coated Gestapo officers come to haul her off for interrogation ran through her mind.  In a blind panic she jerked around, covering herself desperately and ineffectually with her hands and looking uncomprehendingly at the suburban garden that had somehow replaced the vineyard.

 "Well, I don't usually frighten people like that when I visit them." 

 The words of English and the amused tone of voice brought Nikki back to the present day and she gazed at her Aunt Bridget with sudden recognition.

 "I'm sorry, Auntie Bridget." She gasped out, still trying to get her head on straight.  "I was absolutely miles away.  I thought for moment that you were the Gestapo." 

 Her aunt raised puzzled eyebrows. "I won't ask why, but if they do ever call I just hope that you don't greet them dressed like that." She looked pointedly at Nikki's nakedness. Aunt Bridget was not known for her liberal attitudes.

 Nikki glanced down to where her hands still only half covered her 'naughty bits' and blushed. She offered the book in explanation, baring her breasts just long enough to hold the book up but still cupping her pubes in embarrassment. 

 "I don't know why you're bothering, girl."  Her aunt's voice carried that same amused quality as before. "I've probably seen more of you than you have.  You forget that I used to change you and bath you as a child."

 "But I'm twenty-three now, so I'm not a child anymore, Auntie." Nikki told her hotly, putting her hand back across her front.

 "No, that you're certainly not. But you shouldn't be ashamed of yourself either; you've developed a good figure, be proud of it."

 "True, and I am." Nikki conceded, removing her hands but still keeping her legs firmly pressed together. She was still not comfortable about being naked, feeling a little like a young girl caught being naughty by an adult.

 Bridget looked at the wine.  "I tell you what, why don't I go get second bottle and another glass and then we can relax together, yes?

 Nikki knew instinctively that her aunt was diplomatically giving her a chance to dress discreetly, but contrarily she decided to remain nude. It was after all, she told herself, her garden to dress in how she pleased; guests should accept her habits and not the other way around.

 When Bridget returned she found Nikki laying on her back, defiantly relaxed, one hand by her side and the other shading her eyes so that she could study her aunt's expression as she approached.

 "Good."  Bridget said with a note of satisfaction. "Now you won't mind if I do the same, will you?

 The question was rhetorical, but Nikki would have been too surprised to answer even if any such was expected.  She lay opened mouthed as her aunt began to unfasten her front buttoned dress.  Nikki had always considered Bridget to be a more than a little old fashioned, certainly more conservative than her forty-eight years would imply, and yet here she was stripping before her niece, apparently with a complete lack of concern.

 Nikki watched, fascinated, as Bridget let the dress fall from her shoulders to reveal a quarter cup bra and hi-cut panties. Judging by those undies she had obviously misjudged her aunt, and badly.  Bridget reached around her back and unclipped her bra, shrugging to allow it to join her dress pooled around her feet.  Her breasts were full and round, higher than a woman of her age had any right to expect and tipped with long, pale pink nipples, each set in a large pale aureole that emphasized their candy colouring.  She hooked her thumbs into her waistband and pushed her panties down, leaning sideways and stepping each foot out in turn, leaving Nikki embarrassingly captivated by the delicate puff of blonde hair that covered her aunt's pubes. She couldn't help but stare.

 Bridget was not a 'proper auntie', or any blood relation, she had married Nikki's father's childhood best friend and became an 'auntie' by adoption. That was why she did not carry the family's trademark almost black hair and dark complexion.  She was in fact a genuine platinum blonde with fair skin and blonde eyebrows and lashes. A marked and beautiful contrast to her olive skinned 'niece'.

 "Well?"  Bridget asked.  "Will I do?"

 Nikki pulled herself back into the real world.

 "Sorry, what did you say?"

 "I asked you if I would do. You were giving me such an intense once over as if you'd never seen a naked woman before." 

 Nikki blushed as she gazed up at this tall, well built blonde Amazon who now stood before her, still wondering how her frumpy aunt had managed to hide that sexy body all these years.  

 "I'm sorry Auntie Bridget." She said eventually. "I guess I just hadn't expected you to take your clothes off."

 The explanation was close enough to the truth to suffice.

 Bridget smiled enigmatically before she lowered herself onto the blanket next to her niece and lay back with a contented sigh.

 "It all goes to show that you never can tell, doesn't it."

 Nikki looked across quizzically.

 "Let's just say my husband likes me to hide my light under the proverbial bushel."

 Nikki still didn't quite understand and her face said so.

 "What belongs to Ralph belongs to Ralph; especially when it comes to his wife and he believes that nobody else should even get a hint.  That's why I have to behave a little more reserved than I might actually feel."  

 Bridget cocked her head to one side, silently asking if Nikki understood. She did.

 "Oh, I didn't realize."  

 What else could she say?

 "Never mind. How about pouring a drop of that wine?"  Bridget asked, changing the subject.

 Nikki did as she was asked, finishing the original bottle between them as she thought about this mature but clearly sexual woman who lay beside her. Her curiosity had been fired and she was dying to ask if her aunt and uncle were as reserved in private, but even after the wine she had already consumed that was a step too far.  She passed the wine to her aunt without speaking, knowing full well that any attempt at small talk would almost certainly come out badly.

 "Thank you." Bridget took the glass. "Have I surprised you?"

 "You have a bit."  Nikki acknowledged. "You get an image in your head about someone and it's difficult to accept when it's wrong."

 She paused for a moment, considering what she wanted to say.

 "But somehow I always felt I had more in common with you than my mother, so maybe I suspected something."  She shrugged as if to say that she wasn't sure, conscious of her breasts bouncing a little as she did so.

 "Well, thank you for that."  Bridget smiled.  "I'm afraid I burn easier than you, so do you think I could borrow a of your little suntan oil?"

 "Borrow? You mean I get it back later?" Nikki teased her aunt, feeling suddenly at ease with someone not as stuffy as she imagined.

 "Ok, I mean will you give me a little of your suntan oil? – please."  Bridget added the exaggerated 'please' to forestall another tease, or so she thought. 

 "But I don't have any."  Nikki told her, deadpan.

 "What's that, there, in that tube?"  Bridget pointed.

 "That's not suntan oil." Nikki told her aunt in mock seriousness, then smilingly relented when she saw the confusion of Bridget's face. "It's sun cream. But you're welcome to that if you want some."

 Bridget took a playful swipe at her niece, missing deliberately before taking the proffered tube.

 "I should have known." She said ruefully.

 Nikki propped herself on her elbows to watch Bridget apply the cream, pausing occasionally to sip her wine.  For some reason the sight was fascinating to her and she felt unable to look away, though her aunt didn't seem to mind, or even notice.

 Sitting cross legged on the blanket Bridget squeezed a little cream into the palm of one hand and began to rub it along the length of the opposite arm, spreading and massaging the cool liquid into herself with long strokes of her gracefully slim hands and working from her upper arms down to her hands.  Her arms done, Bridget worked on her face, using long elegant fingers to give protection across her forehead, down her nose and cheeks, finishing under her chin. Nikki watched intently, still not sure what the attraction was, but unable to look away.  Eventually Bridget caught her gaze.

 "What is it?"  She asked.

 "Sorry, I'm staring aren't I?"

 "Don't worry; I like to think I'm still worth a look, even heading for fifty."

 As she was speaking Bridget had pooled more cream into her palms and had begun on her shoulders and upper chest, her movements making her breasts sway seductively.

 "Auntie Bridget." Nikki told her seriously. "If I look half as good as you when I get to your age, I'll be very pleased with myself."

 Bridget smiled and then gave her niece an undisguised appraisal. 

 "Seems to me that you've already made a good start." 

 Bridget began now to apply cream to her breasts, massaging them and squeezing them with undisguised pleasure, lifting each with one hand to reach beneath with the other before holding each and letting her grip slip off over her nipples, nipples that seemed to grow in length before Nikki's eyes.  Her niece watched, the thought growing in her that maybe her aunt might be coming a little bit aroused, perhaps from what she was doing, but also possibly from the fact that she had an audience. She felt her own nipples respond in answer and felt confused from this unexpected reaction, covering up by draining her glass and turning to the unopened bottle.

 "Refill, Auntie Bridget?" She asked, screwing the opener into the cork and trying hard not to see any sexual connotations in the action.

 "Thank you, Nikki."  

 Bridget was now working on her abdomen, her hands sliding back and forth and making her breasts sway once more.  Her aunt's stomach, Nikki noticed, was not washboard flat, but was slightly and very pleasingly rounded, just enough to give it a soft, feminine appearance and to allow her fingers to briefly make little furrows in the flesh as they passed.  Nikki felt a warm flush race across her face as she watched.

 This is silly, she told herself, wondering why seeing her middle-aged aunt coat herself with sun oil – no, sun cream, she corrected herself angrily, - should interest her so much.  Perhaps she was seeing, in her aunt's reactions, the same responses that sometimes triggered her own arousal when she put on sun protection.  But whatever the reason, there was a vague fluttering in her belly and an indistinct knowledge of dampness in her pussy.

 Bridget moved on to her legs, raising first one and then the other, bending them at the knee to let her reach her feet and ankles, but in doing so giving Nikki a glimpse of her pussy.  It was a neat pussy, Nikki noticed, the rather puffy outer lips neatly enclosing everything else and just allowing her a glimpse of the pale pink flesh they enfolded, beautifully in tune with the fluff of blonde hair that surrounded it.  How unlike her own dark crimson slash that was surrounded by a veritable jungle of wiry black hair, with batwing lips and a long sensitive clitoris that always seemed to be peeking out from under its hood. She realised with a sudden adrenalin jolt that she liked her aunt's pussy.

 Her aunt was doing her thighs – long shapely thighs, strong thighs, muscular but still feminine thighs; the kind that every man would love to get wrapped around him.  Stop it, Nikki told herself, stop thinking such things and stop staring at your own aunt.  She's a woman and almost part of the family as well for God's sake.  But Nikki's heart was still beating faster than it should and her pussy was still feeling moist, and she knew it.

 Another squirt of cream into her palm and then Bridget reached between her legs.  Nikki's heart missed a beat, whatever was her aunt doing, didn't she know how good it looked to see her massaging her own pussy, even if it was just to coat it with sun cream?  Bridget looked at Nikki and that vaguely amused look returned to her face.

 "Don't you do that bit?"  She asked her niece. 

 "Sorry Auntie Bridget. I'm staring again aren't I?"  Nikki managed to summon up a neutral but friendly smile of her own and forced her words to sound natural through dry lips.

 Bridget finished massaging herself and fiddled in her bag for a tissue to wipe her hands on.

 "You can get sunburn on those parts too, you know." Bridget chuckled at a painful memory.  "And believe me; if you do you'll walk like a duck for a week or so."  

 "Will you do my back please, dear?"  Bridget rolled onto her front, her request catching Nikki by surprise.

 "Yes - yes of course." Nikki reached for the tube, startled by a sudden jolt of happy anticipation.

 Bridget lay flat on her stomach with her legs splayed slightly, rested her cheek on folded hands and closed her eyes, totally relaxed. Nikki looked at her comfortable, unpretentious pose and wished that she could be as confident of her body image as her aunt. Perhaps it would come with age, but she knew that right now she would be very self conscious if she had to lie naked under another woman's hands. She shrugged mentally and squeezed cream into her hand, then sitting beside her aunt and leaning over she dribbled the lotion onto the skin. In a strange way she was looking forward to her task.

 Her aunt's skin was sort of like her own, but not quite. It was just as soft and smooth, just as feminine, but somehow because it belonged to someone else it felt nicer, the contact more exciting, maybe even a little taboo, though it should have had no more overtones than applying makeup for someone.

 From her position sitting to Bridget's right and supporting herself on her left arm to use her right hand it was easy for her to work from the top of her aunt's back and go downwards, starting across Bridget's shoulders and then down her spine and spreading outwards to cover her entire back, applying the cream with her the flat of her fingers and then smoothing it into her aunt's skin with the palm of her hand, the intimate contact making her tingle with illicit pleasure.

 Having eventually finished her back, and having taken as long over it as she dare, Nikki shuffled down the blanket to start on her aunt's legs.  There she started behind each knee and covered the calves and ankles, massaging the cream into the smooth flesh firmly but gently, trying to put off the moment when she would be touching the back of her aunt's thighs.  It wasn't because Nikki didn't want to run her hands up and down Bridget's thighs, but because she did.

 Nikki had always considered thighs as a rather personal bit of anatomy; parts that are kept covered for the most part, and rarely touched by anyone except a lover. She was also still a little intimidated by her aunt, someone she had grown up to respect and look up to, and now here she was about to massage cream into the backs of those forbidden thighs.  She was a little bit scared, and she understood that, but her heart was beating faster then pure nerves would account for, and that worried her.  The fact that her nipples were like little peas and her pussy was melting also worried her; she just couldn't understand why it should be.

 Aunt Bridget's thighs felt as firm and smooth as they looked.  Nikki's hand ran along the back of each in turn, starting once more at the knee but this time running north, taking care not to stray too far along the inside, especially as she got near the top.  She enjoyed doing it, but she was very conscious of the intimacy it generated and she felt oddly relieved and disappointed in equal measure when she could legitimately extend the task no longer.

 "I see." Bridget looked over her shoulder at Nikki who was putting the top back on the tube. "So you think my backside is immune to sunburn then, eh?"

 Nikki's face flamed in embarrassment. Somehow she had totally missed her aunt's bottom. It had just never occurred to her that she would be required to touch that part of her aunt's body and now she felt confused and self-conscious about it.  Her hands literally shook with awkwardness as she silently unscrewed the cap once more.

 This was the first time ever that Nikki had touched a woman's bottom, not counting her own, and she was surprised and pleased at how soft and curvy it really was.  Each cheek seemed like a firmly full pillow as her hand slid over, inviting her to knead and massage it more than was strictly necessary. She couldn't help it, she just had to fondle and squeeze her aunt's buttocks as she applied the cream. She knew full well what she was doing, and felt almost ashamed to be taking pleasure from her chore, but Aunt Bridget's flesh felt so nice that she couldn't stop herself. 



 She wondered if she was becoming turned on, sexually aroused by touching her aunt, and she felt mortified inside from the possibility, but it felt so good.  She massaged the soft flesh some more, her thumb slipping easily into the cleft between the two pillows, helped by the fact that her aunt had opened her legs just a little further. It was not enough to be obviously deliberate, but enough to make Nikki wonder.  
