 Thank you to those who took the time to send praise for my first effort. Here's part 2.

We lay there, naked and entwined, dozing in the afternoon sun. I could smell her scent on me and the thoughts of what we had been doing were swimming in my head and my pussy ached.

"Shelly, still awake hon?" I asked.

"Sure," she whispered back. "I'm just feeling dreamy, oh and completely fucked. You were amazing." Her breasts moved gently up and down as she breathed and I could feel her nipples brushing against my skin.

"Thank you, I guess you just bought out something in me. You were pretty incredible yourself." I said 

Her hand went up to my breasts and played gently with them, tracing patterns on my bare skin and gently tugging on each nipple. "Would you like to come over to my house later?" She asked. "My parents have a pool and they're away for the weekend." She looked up at me with those wide sexy eyes as she spoke. "Love to," I said, then added, "I think we've pushed our luck a bit out here, what do you say about a shower back at mine?"

"I've got to take the pony back; I think he's getting restless, "she said. Then, as she tied her hair behind her she gave me directions to her house and that the party started about seven. "Caronne, turn over I want to give you something to keep you going until later."

At her words I felt really naughty, so doing as I was told I turned over so that I was lying flat on my stomach. Shelly was suddenly behind me and I could feel the warm heat from her fuzz brush against my butt cheeks. Her breasts pressed against my back as she worked her way up until she was lying flat against me. Then she whispered in my ear.

"Caronne, I look forward to fucking you tonight, but for now..." She broke off and started to work her magic. Starting at my neck she planted soft kisses and long licks all the way down my back. Then when she got to my bum she bit it! I cried out a little and she told me to bite my lip; that I was not allowed to cry out. I felt warm and excited at her touch and she bit me again and again on each cheek. Between bites she planted more soft kisses to dull the pain. Shelly shifted position so that I could feel her kneeling behind me; her hands grasped my butt cheeks and pulled them wide apart. She said," You're so wet Caronne, let's try this..."

Starting at the top of my butt cheeks she ran her tongue all the way down between them making me even wetter. When she reached my anus she licked it all over, she inserted her index finger and gently probed me. To show her how much I was enjoying it I leaned backwards and pushed my bum onto her finger and started riding it." I thought you'd like that," she said. 

As I rode her finger she reached her free hand between my legs until she found my breasts; she pulled hard on each nipple making me wince but it was the whole pleasure/pain principle and I was intoxicated by it. Her hand came back to my clit and rubbed it in circles; this was driving me wild.

Shelly took her finger out of my anus. Working her way down she took the little area of skin in between both my holes and drew it into her mouth, then began to flick it with her tongue. This was too much, already turned on I came and my juices trickled down her chin. "You taste sweet." She said. 

Turning me back over she came up to my face and kissed me gently on the lips, I could taste myself. "Now," she said. "Time to go." She lifted herself off me and we both started putting on our clothes. She bent down to pick her shirt and I bit her on the bum. Shelly gasped, then turned around and said,

"later, Caronne. Save it for later. " 

"Okay I'll look forward to it," I was feeling light-headed; to be really honest I was having problems standing up. As I buttoned up my dress Shelly came over to me and kissed me hard on the lips. "Wear something daring," she said.

With that she leaned behind me and spanked me on the bum and I did the same to her as she walked over to her pony. Agreeing to meet later I watched her go. I picked up my things and noticed that she'd left her thong behind. Ok, so I know this is a little odd but I put them on and wore them home.

Later, in the shower I played with my clit remembering what had happened; I turned the water onto full power and directed the jet of water between my legs. The effect was electric and I couldn't resist finishing myself off in my room with a vibrator. When I eventually got myself together I put on Shelly's thong, then thought about 'something daring.' After some thought I eventually settled on a little black dress-oh crikey, it was so small it came to about halfway up my thighs. I found some black shoes and sprayed on some perfume. I took a bottle from the wine rack looked at myself briefly in the hall mirror (I looked like such a slut!)and went out into the night. 

The air was warm and humid, it felt like there was a storm coming and sure enough the sky was thick with cloud, the moon barely visible but there was just enough light that I wouldn't need a torch. I knew the road quite well and in half an hour had found Shelly's house; it was a large barn conversion set just off the main road that ran through the village. Closing the gate behind me I walked up the gravel drive and rang the doorbell; adjusting my dress as I waited.

Shelly opened the door, "Caronne you came,"she said hugging me tightly then reaching up and kissing me on the mouth. "Come through and have a drink, I want you to meet some friends" 

Taking me by the hand Shelly led me into the kitchen where I gave her the wine. She turned to me and said "So, is it cold outside or are you just happy to see me?"

I laughed and flushed as I realised that my nipples were stiff and poking through the material of my dress (there are downsides to not wearing a bra). "Oops," I said. "Looks like I've given the game away; I thought it was just you and me tonight, who else is here?"