 Victoria and Jasmine: best friends since high school, doing everything with each other: shopping, checking out hot guys, and just hanging around the house...the girls were inseparable. They had been friends for so long that they were both very comfortable with each other. They'd seen each other naked several times and even made out at party in front of a bunch of guys. Victoria went away to college first, leaving Jasmine back in their small hometown. 

Her first year, Victoria slept with a lot of guys and even tried to maintain a steady relationship with a guy, but she never felt like she was "satisfied." The only way for her to accomplish this feeling of satisfaction was to masturbate...and boy did she do that a lot! Although she knew she wasn't a lesbian, she frequently had lesbian thoughts that got her off while she touched herself at night. Sometimes she would think of her roommate and her having sex, but most of the time, it was Jasmine: her best friend. But right after she orgasmed, she told herself how wrong it was to be thinking of other girls. Months later, Jasmine also went away to college. Because Jasmine went to a larger university, she partied and drank more than Victoria did and had sex with several guys her first year. Victoria and Jasmine would call each other all the time, telling each other their stories about who hooked up with who and how life was treating them. Summer finally came and school was out. The girls were back at home, ready for whatever summer was going to bring them.

A month into summer, it was a hot sunny day. Jasmine had invited Victoria over to her house to go swimming. No one was home and they could sunbathe without their bikinis in the back yard. Victoria came over in a pair of shorts and a T-shirt and Jasmine answered the door in a towel. 

"Hey girl! Glad you could make it...I was sooo bored at home by myself!" 

"Yeah no problem. I totally need to work on my tan anyways...I'm gonna run to the bathroom, I'll meet you outside."

Victoria went to the bathroom and Jasmine went out back. As soon as she was done, Victoria walked through the kitchen and stood at the back door, looking out at Jasmine. Jasmine was laying on her lawn chair, naked: her long brown hair streaming down over her shoulders. Victoria stared at Jasmine's 36dd breasts and made her way down to her bush. Jasmine trimmed her area down there but never shaved it all off like Victoria did, and Victoria loved that. She noticed that her pussy began to pulse. With her middle finger, Victoria touched herself and felt how wet she was. Before cumming right there, Victoria went outside.

"Hey, I was wondering where you were. What took so long?"

"Oh nothing...wow! You look quite comfortable!"

"Well I told you we were sunbathing, I need a tan without those hideous tan lines....aren't you gonna strip down?"

Victoria nodded and began to take off her clothes. She removed her T-shirt and shorts and stood in her panties and bra. As she began to unhook her bra, she noticed Jasmine staring at her from the corner of her eye. Victoria slowly stepped out of her panties, again, noticing Jasmine was watching. 

"Hey! I caught you staring," said Victoria, turning to face Jasmine.

"I...I...I wasn't staring," Jasmine said, blushing.

"Then why are you blushing?"

"Hello?! It's called a sunburn!"

Victoria walked over to Jasmine and moved her legs so she could sit down next to her. Victoria brushed Jasmine's hair off of her chest to expose her breasts. 

"What are you doing?" Jasmine asked.

"Can I tell you a secret?" asked Victoria.

"Ok..but you're kinda freaking me out."

Victoria leaned over Jasmine's naked body and whispered in her ear: "I know you were staring at me when I was getting naked...and I know that you were turned on cuz I saw your nipples perk up."

"What are you talking—"

"Shhh...." Said Victoria, as she pressed her lips against Jasmine's.

Surprising enough, Jasmine didn't pull back, but began kissing right back. 

Victoria pulled away a little and said, "If you don't want me to continue, just tell me to stop."

Jasmine didn't say a word. Victoria and her continued to passionately kiss. Victoria noticed how soft Jasmine's lips were, not like any guy she had kissed in the past. While they were kissing, Victoria began rubbing Jasmine large breasts, twirling her nipples between her fingers. She tilted Jasmine's head up and made her way to Jasmine's breasts, kissing her neck first and then kissing down to her nipples. Before she began to have her way, she looked up at Jasmine, waiting for approval. Jasmine just nodded.

Victoria started to lick Jasmine's nipple, sucking occasionally and even bit them. Victoria heard Jasmine start to moan and Victoria's pussy started to pulse again. Then Victoria started kissing Jasmine's stomach, making her off to her pussy. She kneeled on the ground in front of the lawn chair and pulled Jasmine's body to the end of the chair. 

"Now what are you gonna do?" asked Jasmine.

"I'm gonna make you cum...I've been waiting to do this for the past year and I want to taste you now."

Immediately after that, Victoria spread Jasmine's lips and dived into her pussy. She started at her clitoris, flicking it with her tongue. Jasmine started to moan, louder and louder, turning Victoria on even more. Victoria began to tongue Jasmine's pussy, up and down, side to side. Then she shoved her finger up Jasmine's wet pussy. Her one finger glided in easily so she added another one in there. Jasmine began to moan harder and faster as Victoria continued to lick and play with her pussy. 

"Ohhh Victoria...Ohhh God, Victoria!"

"Oh yeah baby....I wanna taste you, cum into my mouth...I wanna taste your hot juices!"

Jasmine could only tolerate so much more before she exploded all over Victoria's face...filling Victoria's mouth with her sweet honey.

"How was that?" Victoria asked, moving back up to Jasmine's face to have Jasmine kiss off her own juices.

They passionately kissed, Jasmine licking off of her own cum from Victoria's face. Suddenly, Jasmine pulled away and said, "But now it's your turn."

Jasmine got up from the chair and ordered Victoria to sit where she had just sat. Jasmine started sucking on Victoria's right breast while playing with her left one. Victoria sat there moaning, "Ohhh yeah Jasmine.....ohhh yeah!"

Jasmine made her way off the chair to the end of it, pulling Victoria's pussy close to her face.

"Are you ready for this?" asked Jasmine.

"I've been ready," and with that, Jasmine poured her head to Victoria's pussy, lapping her wetness up with her tongue. 

"Ohhhh Jas!!! Oh Jas that feels sooo good baby!"

After a few minutes of licking her pussy, Jasmine stopped and ordered Victoria to turn over and get on her hands and knees. Victoria did as she was told and kneeled over the lawn chair on her hands and knees. Jasmine was on her knees and pulled Victoria's back side close to her face. She spread her ass cheeks and began fingering the outside of Victoria's asshole with her right hand and rubbing Victoria's clit with her left. Victoria moaned. Then Jasmine removed her finger from Victoria's ass and started poking her tongue, in and out, in and out, still fingering her wet pussy. 

"Ohhh God! Ohh Jasmine I'm gonna cum!"

Jasmine continued licking Victoria's asshole and soon enough, Jasmine felt Victoria's pussy contracting over her fingers...

"OHHHHHHHH!!!!!" screamed Victoria.

They sat on the chair together, heads down, giggling. 

"That was fun," said Jasmine.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it as much as I did," said Victoria.

"I hope that wasn't our only time..." said Jasmine.

"Relax baby, we have the WHOLE summer!"