 Stretched out spread eagle on the mattress, hands and feet tied to each corner post, I hear the door open. Footsteps echo on the hardwood floor and I crane my neck to ensure that I'm not mistaken. The panties stuffed in my mouth have long lost their flavor but I clamp down, drawing a tiny squirt of cold juice.

The sounds die midway down the hall and I listen carefully to discern the cause. Muffled voices, yes voices, through the closed door. Instructions perhaps?

Minutes pass and the house falls silent. Was I mistaken? Were the sounds only in my head? I rest my head back down, sucking on the damp material seeing if I can conjure anything new from them to occupy the time.

A squeak draws my eyes to the door and I watch it open. Yes, it is you and my lips curl upward. You step in and I see you are followed by another.

She looks slightly older than you, blonde and thin. Very stylist in her dress and she smiles at me, seeing my predicament. She's not surprised by it as you're obviously told her what to expect but seeing is always so different.

She remains by the entrance as you come to me. Sitting on the edge of the bed, your hand brushes a strand of hair from the side of my face. I look to your eyes but they betray nothing. 

However, your lips are another matter. Lipstick dull and smeared, my eyes dart to her and I confirm her lips bear the same traces of recent passion. The quiet pause in the hall now explained.

"Open."

My jaw falls and your fingers move along my chin on their way to my lips. They slowly free the wet mass from my mouth and I gulp fresh air as the last leaves me. You smile, watching me swallow and work the stiffness out of my face, before your soft lips stop my movements. 

Kissing you with some difficulty. Savoring the warmth of your lips and tongue after the dead clamminess of my panties. Lifting my head to kiss you deeper as your fingers capture and pull a nipple.

You pull away, mouth and fingers at the same time, and I watch you retreat. My view shattered a moment later as you slap me across the face. Then my nipple is grasped again, tugged much harder and stretched painfully out.

With another smile you rise and release me. You go back to her and I see that our brief interlude had an effect on your friend. Her breasts, while smallish, are capped with points jutting out through her top. 

You take her with one arm going around her back, the other cupping one of the excited breasts. Kissing her, I see mouths working and her muted grunt as your fingers treat her covered nipple to the same pinch and tug you gave mine.

The seconds drag on with you continuing to embrace her. Your bodies tight, her hands firmly on your ass pulling her crotch into yours. I watch you explore her mouth with yours until you make an offer of your tongue to her. She sucks it, making lewd wet sounds as she does.

You spin her around so she faces me with you behind her. Looking over her shoulder at me, your fingers crawl at the sides of her hips and slowly draw the hem of her dress higher. 

More of her long legs come into view and she raises her arms up and round your neck. Knowing that she is on display for me now, her eyes flash at me as her crotch is uncovered. A pair of flimsy peach colored panties cover her mound.

You whisper something to her and she takes hold of her dress, keeping it up so your hands are free. One moves forward and hides the silk from my view again. Not really hiding it, just rubbing her as you both watch me.

Fingers moving surely between her legs. Her eyes closing as she takes enjoyment from it. Your mouth at her ear, whispering again and drawing a smile to her face.

Her hips move now. Rocking with your fingers. I see your fingers curl up, pushing her panties into her as you masturbate her before me.

She issues a moan of regret as your fingers leave her. You raise them up and slip them between her lips where she sucks at them. Her lower lips sucking at the material you've pushed between them.

More whispers and you remove your fingers and step back from her. Her head turns trying to keep your digits between her lips but they pop free anyway. Then she turns back towards me and shimmies out of her panties.

She holds them out to you but you shake your head and nod at me. With a quick step, she is bedside and bending over me. I open and allow her to stuff them into my mouth.

Both wet and dry, she slowly feeds them to me. Giving me the wet crotch first, letting me taste her before her finger places all of them inside. Her fingers glance along my cheek as I close upon them and suck at her freshness.

A hand on my inner thigh and I look to see if you have joined us but no, its hers. My eyes dart to you and I see you have disrobed to just bra, panties and heels. Standing with a small smirk on your face, you watch us. Or rather, you watch her gain her first touch of me.

"My name is Barb," her fingers tickling up my inner leg. 

I'd spread but I'm already open. I'd answer but my mouth is full. So I just lay still and nod slightly.

"Her name is Jenny and she is a lovely fuck toy."

You come towards us just as Barb's fingers are above to reach my sex. Her hand is pulled away and you sit with her beside my prone body. Once again sharing a kiss with her, one that I see and hear up close.

"Get undressed while I beat my bitch ready for you."

My eyes wide at your words. Mouth drawing greedily on the panties filling it. Suddenly self-consciently aware that I'm nude and oh so open and helpless before you.

Barb stands and moves out of sight behind you but I no longer have interest in her. Instead all my focus is on you as you kneel next to me.

"Did you expect her fingers here?"

Your's flat on my pussy, rubbing it and causing me to moan in desire and pleasure.

"Yes mistress."

"Yes huh?"

Fingers gone but not for long. Returning with a sting as you slap my pussy. 

My hips raise up. Just in time for the next slap. A sharp sound of flesh on flesh fills the room.

With you above me, I shift my eyes to find your hand. Following the arc as it goes skyward before returning to slap my pussy. Just recovering from the sparks and flashes before my eyes to see the muscles of your shoulder pull it back again.

And again. And again.

The sharpness of the sound changing as my wetness flows, adding a liquid element as you make my lips red and puffy. 

Several times you stop and rub your slick fingers on my face, pushing them into my mouth to refresh the taste of pussy in it. These pauses only bring the hot burning more to mind as the cool air surrounds me. You alternate slaps with fingering of me, probing my soaked folds and erect clit.

Barb appears behind you, moving closer for a better look. You sense her and turn your head. Without a word, she bends to you and your lips meet in a burst of passion.

"My..." Slap. "...bitch..." Slap. "...is almost..." SLAP. "...ready..." SSLLAPP.

I'm writhing on the bed, struggling at my bonds but finding no relief. Squirming at each new blow, the heat of my cunt searing as you spank my kitty. I'm sure my cunt is red and puffy but still you slap me.

And I'm begging you for more. The words lost in the material gagging me but you seem to understand them anyway. A smile at me as you delay and change the timing of the subsequent blows. Making me wait and anticipate them.

Then without a word of warning, you stand and pull Barb with you. Disappearing out the door. I cry out in desperation and need but it makes no difference.

Still the fire burns below, but now with no sign of relief. My body racks as I pull arms and legs that can't move more than an inch or two. The rope cutting into my flesh as I do.

My ears strain for any sound or sign. But you're too far away from the bedroom for me to make out what you are doing. The only sounds indistinct and distant.

My heart beating, pounding in my chest as I finally discern your return. You hold in your fists pop sickles, lemon is my guess by their color. Sitting down again beside me, you rub one along my lips. Its flavor mingling with the damp panties in my mouth and adding coolness. Yes, it is lemon.

Barb undoes the ties at my feet, gently caressing the rope-burned flesh, before taking one of the pop sickles from you. She sits down next to you, holding it but watching you with yours.

Pulling the frozen ice away, you run it down between my breasts and over my belly. I gasp loudly knowing its destination. But you delay again, painting my mound with it and not bringing it to the furnace between my legs.

You lean down and kiss me. Your tongue pushing my lips apart so you can gather the panties in your teeth. Drawing them out of me, again allowing me to suck in fresh air.

Sitting up and turning, you bring the relief I crave. Frozen ice giving way to streams of sticky wet. You coat me completely with it, looking up at my face from time to time as you do.

You look again to Barb and she immediately rejoins you. You hold the half-melted pop sickle to her and she opens and sucks at it. Licks at it. Tongues it. As if a cock she takes it.

Soon it is finished and you take the other from her. My pussy is again burning, the relief from the first pop finished. And I think you will give me more with the second but you have other ideas.

Ideas you must have shared with Barb as she takes hold of my ankles and pulls my legs to my chest. The ice on my clit makes me shriek as you push at it. The freeze moves down between my lips but doesn't stop until it reaches my asshole.

My rosebud already wet, sticky from the first pop, you twist and turn the tip at me. My heat making it melt, you don't waste time and I feel you push it forward. Piercing me with it.

"Oh my god..."

The ice turning into slush into liquid but not before creating a new fire within me. The frozen fire so different from that burning my puffy pussy lips. The frozen shaft stabbing my insides before melting away.

When I think I can't possibly take any more, you withdraw the twisted remains clinging to the stick. As with the first, it is devoured by Barb's willing mouth.

My hips roll from side to side on the bed. Whimpering in my burning, only needing one or two well placed slaps to push me over the edge to the orgasm that awaits me. But I see no rush in you that indicates it will be granted.

Barb looks down at me, still holding my ankles in each hand. You're behind her again and I see your fingers find and pull and twist her nipples out towards me. Your mouth at her ear, I think to whisper again, but this time you speak loudly enough for me to hear. 

"Go ahead. Enjoy her now."

You release her breasts and she moves straight to my calf. Kissing and licking her way down it. I'm panting with lust and pent up need as our eyes meet. Watching Barb's wet pink tongue as it touches the tender spot where knee meets thigh.

Then one long lick and she is at me. Pushing my legs wide as she face is buried in my sex. I'm crying out but the words are lost even though I'm uttering them. Her tongue magic on my aching flesh.

A shot of electricity as she sucks on my clit. Then the current zags downward as her tongue goes between my folds. I hear her sucking, feeling her licking, boring her tongue deep inside me.

Her hands push my legs back up and she's at my ass, Rimming me then sucking, sucking, sucking. Drawing out the sticky mess in my ass.

I'm crying as I cum. Flooding her and the bed. Feeling a long finger probe into my ass as her mouth returns to my pussy.

She starts to lick me tenderly, helping me ease down from the heights of my orgasm, and I see you pull her face back. Showing me the sticky mess of her face.