 The three of us had been looking forward to this week at the beach for months. Julie and I have wanted to learn to surf for at least that long, if not longer. My name is Lisa and the third of us is Ashley. We have all three just finished our first year at college in South Carolina.

Ashley and I are roommates and I met Julie in first year calculus. She and I hit it off immediately. We both narrowly passed (although studying a little more may have helped). Anyway, the three of us became pretty close.

Julie is the bimbo of the group and also the most attractive. Not that Ash and I are dogs; we're just a bit plainer. Ash is about 5'6 and the chunkiest one of us. She's not fat mind you, just a little thicker and curvier. She is also quite top heavy (36 dd's) which makes her look heavier than she is. She has shoulder length dark brown hair and the cutest facial features. Small nose, turned up just at the end; round brown eyes and what the guys call "DSL's" (dick sucking lips). She has nice firm legs and a roundish butt.

Julie, as I've said, is the drooler of the bunch. We call her that 'cause the guys drool over her as soon as she walks in the room. She is 5'9, 125 lbs with bleached blond wavy hair that lies just beyond her shoulder blades. Jules was a swimmer in high school which kept her legs, tummy and back in perfect shape. She did manage not to get the "man shoulders" that a lot of swimmers get. Her stomach and ass are her best features, although she has the face of a supermodel. Her blue eyes gleam when she smiles and when she flicks her lashes, the guys come running. She still works out and keeps her stomach, which is perfectly flat, and her ass, which is perfectly round, as tight as a teenager. Like Ash, she has a small nose but her lips are small and sharp. If she has a flaw, it would have to be her boobs. While Ash is large, Julie is almost equally small chested. She only wears a b cup and has talked incessantly about wanting an enhancement.

I am probably the most non-descript of the three of us. My hair is shoulder length, sandy brown. I have plain brown eyes and my body doesn't usually get a second glance (especially when Jules is around). I do have 35c boobs and I keep in shape so there's no flab, but my ass is kind off flat and my waist is sort of straight like a boy.

Well, the three of us rented a house at the nearest beach with the intent of drinking, tanning and relaxing for an entire week. As I said, Julie and I wanted to teach ourselves to surf so we stopped at the local surf shop and rented a board for the week. 

Our second day on the beach, there were big waves, at least we thought they were big. The locals in the water were complaining, so they must not have been that great. It took us each a little while just to get used to simply sitting on the board. Don't laugh, because it's not as easy as it sounds.

The guys in the water were checking us out the entire time we were out there. Ash was just swimming and floating around on a boogie board while Jules and I tried not to kill ourselves.

I had been on the board for a while when Jules said it was her turn. I relented and gave her the board. I noticed for a second, when she sat on the board, her bikini bottom barely came up to the small of her back, you could see the top of her ass. She tried to catch a wave and managed to stand for a couple of seconds. The guys were hooting and hollering at the hot chick surfing. When she paddled back out I noticed that her bikini was riding up awful high. Every surfer in the water was gawking, because you could see right up her crack.

Julie saw the guys looking and grinned. When she looked down at me standing beside her she caught my eyes looking at the same spot all the guys were.

"See something you like down there?" she asked, with a sly grin on her face.

"What are you talking about?" I replied.

"Well, the way you're staring at my crotch, these guys are going to think we're dykes. Is that what you want?"

"HA HA, very funny, I was just going to tell you that your suit was riding up."

"Oh, like I couldn't feel it."

Ashley swam over during our debate and asked what the hell we were talking about.

"Lisa here, seems to like looking at my ass, just like all these guys.", Julie said. "Don't you Lis?"

"Screw you Jules." was the only comeback I could muster.

"I'm beginning to wonder if that's not what you want to do." she replied.

"You two are perfect for each other." Ashley chimed in, "you already sound like you're dating, the way you fight. I think you should forget guys and just be miserable together." and with that she swam for shore.

We traded the surfboard back and forth for another hour or so trying to get the hang of it. Once we finally gave up, we spent the rest of the afternoon sunning. Back at the house we all got cleaned up and decided to grill steaks and stay in for the night. We had a few glasses of wine with dinner and a few more after. We were all beat from the sun and the surf so about 10:30 we each went to our rooms for bed. I barely slept a wink all night. I kept hearing Julie's voice over and over. 

"See something you like down there?"

"Julie is just pushing your buttons. She always knows how to get to you." I thought.

The next morning, the waves were smaller but still quite fun. Julie had worn her tiniest bikini. A string job with about two inches of material in a rainbow pattern. It ties on the hip and shows off more than I ever could. The bottoms scarcely covered her cheeks and the front was little more than a strap. The top is just as small and even made her smallish boobs look fuller. Needless to say, she was again attracting all of the guy's attention. Normally, she would be wiggling her ass and flaunting for them, but today, she seemed disinterested. Oh sure, she was watching them watching her but she didn't seem to want to bother.

She kept needling me about looking at her yesterday. Asking questions like, "do you like this bikini, Lis? Is it small enough?, How does my ass look?, Want to see more?"

Again, "Screw you Jules." was all I could come up with.

About 1:30 that afternoon, Ashley decided it was time for a nap. Julie and I wanted to tan awhile longer and maybe surf a little more. After Ash left, we decided to try surfing again. Julie grabbed the board and started paddling out. I took the boogie board and paddled out behind her. The waves had started getting worse and most of the guys had left. There were a few people in shore swimming and playing, but we were almost alone. Since no one could hear us, Julie really started in on me. 

"I know you were looking at my ass weren't you? just admit it. It doesn't mean anything to me if you think I'm hot."

This was too much. "Of course she is hot." I thought. "Every guy in the world would say so. And probably a lot of women too." 

"Julie, I know that you are hot. All I have to do is listening to every guy who sees you. Or watch them when you walk down the beach. They all want you. I, on the other hand, am not a guy. I admit, you have a perfect body and beautiful face, but that does not mean I want you."

"That's not my point." she said. "I only meant, if YOU think I'm sexy, I don't care. In fact, I like it." 

"You what!?"

"I like to know I have that edge on you."

"Edge. What the hell is that supposed to mean?" I asked, getting a little annoyed.

"I mean, knowing that you want me, and that you like my body."

"Want you! Where in the hell do you get off, I just told you that I do not want..." 

"SHHHHHH!" Julie cut me off, holding a finger to her lips like a school librarian.

I was getting angrier with her by the second. How in the world did she ever get that idea? 

"This is the most ridiculous argument we have ever had." I mumbled under my breath.

"Lisa, I am only going to say this one time. If you want to look at my ass, or my boobs, or my pussy, I don't care."

'Where in the world did that come from?" I thought to myself. "She actually thinks I want to look at her pussy. I don't even like to shower with the other girls at school."

"Why you conceited little tramp!" I screamed. "You really are full of yourself if you think..."

"SHHHHH." again she cut me off. "Everyone is watching."

I was livid. She must be pulling my leg. She can't actually think that I'm attracted to her like that. I decided to just play it off and not make a big deal of it. She probably just wants to see my reaction.

"Julie, I don't like your attitude or your tone right now. I think we just need to go back to the house and cool off. I am going to take a shower and a nap. I'm also going to try and pretend this discussion never happened."

"Ok Lisa, but before you go, to prove my point, I am going to try a little experiment and I want your full attention," Julie whispered. The way she spoke made me even angrier. She was talking to me like some authority figure. She did not raise her voice, she was calm and her tone was firm. She was subtly telling me, "I am the one in charge and I do not want to repeat myself." I felt like I was a schoolgirl being scolded for talking in class.

"I am going to show you what it is you are so intent on seeing, and," she paused. "Listen very carefully, you can look all you want but I want you to speak only when I ask you too, understood." she said.

My face was flush with anger. I wanted to slap her across her gorgeous mouth. I decided then that I had to gain control of myself. I am not going to let her talk to me like this. 

"I am not interested in looking at any part of her fantastic body." I thought to myself. "Wait a minute...fantastic? Where did that come from?" 

Before I could respond, Julie, still sitting on the surfboard, reached down and pulled her bikini bottoms to the side, revealing her completely shaven pussy. Until that moment, I had only seen my own in the mirror and a couple of girls in the shower at school. I was in awe. It was the most exciting thing I had ever seen. The soft pink folds, glistening with moisture. The delicate cleft, where her pelvis met that incredible stomach. I tried to pull my eyes away but I was glued to that gorgeous spot. I could feel my nipples hardening under my swimsuit. My pussy was starting to tingle as I stared at her soft puffy lips. 

"As perfect as her ass is, the sight before me is even more stunning." I thought.

"I knew that would be your reaction, Lisa." I heard her say as she adjusted her suit to cover up again. I had never in my life gotten so excited so quickly. Just as quickly I realized Julie was right. I was drooling over her like some love starved college boy. I was so embarrassed, I couldn't speak. I looked into Julie's eyes and saw a glint I had never seen before. I could not look at her again. She could see the lust in my eyes and I would never be able to speak to her again. 

"Tell me Lisa, did you like what you just saw?" she asked.

"Julie, I have never been so insulted..." was my reply. I tried to be tough but before I could finish, she had opened her legs again revealing that incredible sight. My eyes betrayed me and I was again transfixed by her shaven mound. The harder I tried I could not move my eyes from her pussy, and she knew it. My nipples were now standing at full attention and my knees felt weak.

"What the fuck is going on here?" I thought. "My best friend is hypnotizing me with just the sight of her pussy and all I want is to see more."

"Now Lisa, I am going to stop letting you look, if you don't behave."

"Behave! What the fuck does that mean? When we get to the house, I am going to kick her gorgeous ass!"

"Lisa, listen very carefully." there was that tone again. She was sounding like my high school principal. "I will show you my pussy if that is what you want, but I need to know what you will do for me?" She asked.

"You have completely gone off the map." I hissed, prying my eyes away from her. Another weak attempt at salvaging some dignity from the moment.

I tried to say another word and was met with that incredible sight again. I felt my own pussy tingling and getting wetter by the second. "Why am I getting excited?" I thought, "I should be furious. I am furious. Why am I so horny? What is it about that beautiful, bald, pink, wet pussy, that I can't control myself?"

Beautiful? Pussy?

I had never in my life even used the word pussy. Now here I am standing in the surf at the beach, while my best friend flashes hers in front of me and I want to touch mine so bad I can't stand it. I know she can tell. Is she horny too?

"What's wrong Lisa? Pussy cat got your tongue?" Julie taunted.

"I know what you can do for me", she said, the gleam still in her eye. "I will show you my cunt regularly, and you will do whatever I ask, won't you Lisa?" The word cunt made me even hotter. I felt like a slut, lustily ogling my best friend's pussy and I could not stop myself. 

"Won't you Lisa?!" She demanded.

"Yes." I said meekly, not believing what I just said.

"Good then," she said, "I will help you grab our stuff and we can go back to the house. That shower sounds pretty good right now."

"Oh yeah," Julie said, "on the way back to the house, you can walk behind me and look at my ass all you want. Ok?"

"I will walk wherever I want," I said, trying again to be tough. Inside I knew, I would walk wherever she told me to.

"Lisa." Julie commanded in a soft firm tone, "I want to show you my pussy some more. I may even show you my ass too. But you will have to listen. Understood?!"

She was intentionally speaking louder so the people on the beach could hear. I was mortified she was talking to me like I was some slave she could command. In less than an hour, my best friend had become a bold, demanding master and she wanted me as her slave.

Julie is either fucking with me or she is dead serious and loving every minute of it. 

"Yes." I weakly replied.

"I can't believe what I'm doing!" I thought, "I have never been so humiliated in my life. I am so horny right now I can't think straight. She may show me her ass." I felt light-headed.

Most girls, when they get up with a bikini on, pull the bottoms out of their ass where they ride up. Julie did the exact opposite. She slid the bottoms up tight in her crack. It looked like she was wearing a thong and it was all for my benefit. I walked slowly behind her; watching that perfect little ass twitch from side to side. I almost creamed in my bathing suit.

"What in the world just happened to me?" I thought.

"I have just been completely dominated and seduced by my best friend. And all from her flashing her pussy at me. Or was it her controlling tone. Maybe both?"

My mind was in a daze. I was horny beyond belief. "My pussy is getting wetter with every shake of her ass. All I want is to see her pussy again."

"Come along, Lisa." Julie sang.

"I promise I will show you what you are daydreaming about."

"Jesus, is it that obvious? Can everyone tell I am drooling over my own friend?"

It seemed like a mile to the house, though we were only about a hundred yards down the beach. When we got to the house, Julie opened the door to the outdoor shower downstairs. She stepped in and gave her ass a little wiggle, to make sure I was awake. 

"I am going to scream if I don't cum soon." I thought, "and if she shakes like that again, I may pass out."

Julie looked me in the eye and could see my lust. She pursed her lips and blew me a kiss, motioning for me to join her in the shower. In my trance, I walked in and stood beside her. The shower has a bench seat and Julie sat down. I felt deflated. I could no longer see her round, delicious ass.

"Don't worry." Julie said, "You'll get to see it again... maybe!"

"Julie, please stop this," I said, mustering all the courage I had.

"Oh come on Lis, you are so horny right now you are about to pop, aren't you?" 

"I can tell. You're nipples are about to split that bikini top."

"I bet if I touch you, you'll cum all down your leg, won't you?"

She was right of course.

"What if Ashley comes down?" I asked.

"So what, I'll show her what a horny slut you are. I'm sure she'd love to see you drooling over me. Hell, she may like it and want you to drool for her too!"

"Stop it, Jules. This isn't funny anymore."

"I bet if I reach right down here," she purred, dragging her hand along her tight tummy towards her pussy, "and pull my...." her voice trailed off. But then she stopped. 

"I can't take this teasing. I need to cum. Please let me see It.", I thought.

"On second thought, why don't you untie my bottoms for me so I can shower?"

The thought shot through me like a lightning bolt. She is going to let me undress her and see it again. I could barely stand. My hands and knees were shaking. All I could think of was getting a glimpse of that magnificent cunt again.

"Yes, I thought you'd like that." she could see it in my face. The excitement, the glee. "But first you have to strip for me. Slowly."

Without hesitation, I reached behind and untied my bikini top. My boobs fell into my hands and I dropped my top on the shower floor. 

My nipples are so hard, I want to pinch them. Will she lick them for me if I ask? Maybe if I beg? My mind was all over the place. I so desperately needed to cum; I was actually willing to beg my best friend to suck my nipples.

"Now the bottoms."

"I bet you are dripping, aren't you?" she asked.

"Yes." I whispered, not looking up.

"Come on now; peel them down your legs. I want to see if I get as hot looking at your cunt as you do mine."

I could feel her eyes on my skin. She was as hot as I was, I could tell. She was, however, the one in charge and I wanted her to be.

"Ok, Lisa, now you can undress me."

I felt giddy. Like a kid on Christmas. I couldn't wait to unwrap my package and see my glorious present. I was out of my mind with lust. All I could think of was that glistening, pink pussy. I could feel my own juices running down my leg, but I didn't care. I knelt in front of the goddess I used to call friend and quickly untied both sides of her bikini. I was so close I could smell her sex. The smell was intoxicating. Not that I needed anymore stimulation.

"Lisa, you must first ask me to see it."

"What?" I thought. "Please I need it now. Don't make me stop." my eyes pleaded.

"Lisa?!" her tone told me I must stop.

I lowered my head, "Can I see your pussy, Julie?"

"Say please."

"Oh Please, Julie, I need..."

"I thought so. You will do anything for me now won't you? As long as you get to see me naked."

"Naked," I thought. "I can see her entire exquisite body, naked!"

My pussy was on fire. "Please, let me see It.", I begged.

"Ok, baby. Here it is." She reached down and pulled the untied bottoms totally off.

I actually moaned out loud. The breath audibly escaping my lips as she unveiled my prize. I felt the hair on my neck stand and a shiver trail down my naked spine. 

"She has got to let me touch it. I need to." I could not believe my thoughts. I genuinely wanted to touch my best friend's pussy. Two hours ago, I could barely say the word. Now I want to touch it. "Will she touch mine?" 

"Man, you sure are hot for me aren't you?" Julie giggled.

"I want you to rub your cunt for me Lisa. I know you'll cum a dozen times and probably faint. But that's what you have to do."

I immediately did as I was told and boy did I cum. I screamed as the orgasms swept through me. Moaning for what felt like an hour. I had only ever had one or two orgasms in my life and never multiples, until today. Julie watched as I fingered my pussy furiously and wave after wave of orgasm flooded my body. She was enjoying her spectacle almost as much as I was, maybe more. After what seemed like my twentieth orgasm, I slumped onto the seat next to her, exhausted. I could feel the heat of her body and immediately started getting wet again. My eyes still glued to her gleaming pussy.
