 "Can you believe this weather? It's so hot." Zoe asked Julie.

"I know, I've got nothing done today. I lay out in the garden until 11. I only put some clothes on because you were due round."

"You don't mean you were sunbathing naked?"

"I do mean that! I love the feeling of the warm sun on my body."

"Yeah, but what if somebody saw you?"

"That's part of the fun isn't it?" Julie giggled.

"I would be too nervous to enjoy it."

"I think you'd soon get over that."

"I'm not so sure."

"Let's put it to the test then." With that Julie took Zoe by the hand and led her out to the back garden. Zoe was still blinking in the bright sunlight as Julie pulled her t-shirt off over her head and eased her shorts down past her hips, allowing them to fall to the floor.

Zoe stared open-mouthed. Julie just grinned at her "Your turn. I can help if you like."

"How do you mean?" 

By way of an answer Julie walked over to her and started to pull her skimpy summer top up over her abs. Zoe instinctively grabbed her hands to stop her, but didn't continue her resistance in the face of Julie's persistence. A moment later she was standing there without her top on and Julie naked in front of her, very much within touching distance. Zoe gulped. She had known for ages that Julie was a lesbian, but it had never bothered her and they had been good friends for a long time now. It was true that Julie had flirted with her once or twice after a bit of a drink, but it had all really been harmless fun.

This seemed different though and she felt suddenly vulnerable. "Are you going to take your shorts off yourself or do I need to help you with them as well?" Julie was clearly enjoying teasing Zoe who felt a growing sense of panic building. She felt caught between the choices of undressing herself in front of Julie or having Julie do it for her. Curiously it never crossed her mind that she could just put her top back on and have nothing to do with this game.

"It's OK I'll do it" she said as Julie's hands started to reach out towards her. Studiously avoiding Julie's gaze she slowly lowered her shorts, leaving her wearing only a very small lacy thong.

"Very nice" said Julie "but we are supposed to be sunbathing naked."

With a shrug of resignation Zoe removed her underwear. Although the sense of panic was still with her, there was definitely another sensation lurking as well. Maybe she was beginning to see what Julie meant about the attractions of naked sunbathing. "Care to join me?" asked Julie, indicating a large picnic rug laid out on the lawn. By way of answer Zoe simply lay down on her front next to her, and closed her eyes to try and block out the reality of what she was doing?

She was quickly brought back to reality of it all by the feel of oil being dribbled down her spine. She gave a little start, which became a larger shudder as Julie's fingers started to spread the oil over her back. She was both gentle and thorough; making sure no area of Zoe's back was left exposed to the sun's rays. She felt herself relaxing as the soothing touch of Julie's delicate fingers worked their magic. In spite of her sense of relaxation she tensed slightly when Julie paused for a second before drizzling oil down the length of each leg and all over Zoe's firm buttocks.

The inevitable gentle touch of Julie's fingers followed, tracing their way up each leg in turn, and apparently taking great care to ensure that the inner part of Zoe's thighs was well protected from the potentially harmful effects of the sun's rays. Although she came tantalisingly close to touching Zoe's pussy no contact was actually made and Julie continued the application of the oil onto, and in between, her friend's buttocks.

Without even realising that she had done it, Zoe parted her legs slightly. The movement was not lost on Julie and in a flash she was kneeling between Zoe's legs, stroking her inner thighs with her finger tips, all pretence of applying sun oil gone. Julie had taken a long time in applying the oil to every exposed inch of flesh, leading to a slow but intense build-up of sexual tension. 

Feeling her way slowly to gauge Zoe's response Julie edged her fingers closer and closer to their target. Zoe's eyes were squeezed tightly shut as she fought an internal battle between knowing she should tell Julie to stop right now and the curious longing to find out what would happen next. She didn't have long to wait as Julie got to the very top of her thighs and very gently eased Zoe's pussy lips apart, allowing easy access for one finger to trace its way up the moist canal to the hard bud of her clit. Zoe's whole body jerked as the teasing finger made first contact.

Without losing contact Julie slid her body forwards so that she was laying half on Zoe and whispered in her ear "Relax, you'll enjoy it more" before starting to nibble at her ear and kiss her exposed neck. Simultaneously she began to rub at her clit with a firm, insistent circular motion. Both of them knew that they were now well beyond the point of no return and without a word they separated briefly so that Zoe could roll over onto her back. Still with her eyes closed she felt Julie resume her digital stimulation, and parted her legs further to allow full access.

Julie's body was now pressing down on Zoe's, and they could both feel each other's hard nipples rubbing against their own. Already close to sensory overload Zoe felt Julie's warm breath a fraction ahead of her lips as they made contact with her own. At first she resisted, but the soft gentle pressure and probing tongue soon provoked a response. The kiss became more urgent and passionate as Zoe started to build towards her climax. Julie was now thrusting two fingers in and out of Zoe's pussy with increasing speed and force leading to the first shudders of her climax. At that very moment there was a creaking sound as the gate into Julie's back garden was pushed open.

For a moment Zoe's orgasm was so all-enveloping that the noise barely registered, but then she felt Julie's fingers come to a halt while still inside her, and she felt a sinking sensation as she realised that they were no longer alone. 

"Oh. I'm sorry, but there was no answer at the front door so I thought I'd just pop round and see if you were here. I've brought the carpet samples." The man's voice trailed off as he realised that the two women were probably not that interested in what he had brought round. "Look, I should go. I can always come round another time."

"Don't be daft. You've seen all there is to see now. You may as well fetch them in."

"Err, right, OK. But only if you're sure. I'll go and get them." 

Zoe couldn't believe what she was hearing from Julie. Her first instinct was to crawl away and hide for ever. As soon as she heard the gate close she finally opened her eyes and asked Julie what she thought she was doing. Julie simply held out a hand to help her to her feet then stemmed the flow of objections with another kiss. Zoe was still tingling from her recent excitement, and gave up trying to argue. Julie put her arm round her waist and guided her into the house to await the delivery of the samples.

They were standing in a naked embrace when the salesman came in the back door with his stack of samples. When he saw the two friends he stopped in his tracks, looking flustered once again.

"What's wrong?" asked Julie "you've already seen us like this."

"Nothing I guess, I just assumed you'd come inside to get dressed."

"Would you prefer it if we did?"

"No! I mean not if you don't want to." He was now blushing deeply as he tried to work out where he should be looking.. 

"I didn't think you wanted us to put any clothes on" continued Julie, staring openly at the outline of his erection in his trousers. Zoe followed her eyes and let out a little gasp at the sight. 

"Sorry I couldn't help it" he murmured, hiding his excitement behind one of his samples.

"No apology necessary. I'm looking for forward to seeing what you have to offer." As she said this Julie beckoned him over to join them. He crossed the kitchen floor still hiding behind his samples. As soon as he was within reaching distance Julie took them off him and threw them to the floor. Glancing at Zoe she said "I think I could use a little help here."

With that she started to undo his belt, reinforcing her request to Zoe with a flick of her eyes. Even though part of her just wanted to grab her clothes and run, Zoe did as she was asked and started to ease his t-shirt up over his body. As she did so she allowed her fingers to run over his firm abs and impressive pecs. By the time she was pulling his top off over his head Julie had his jeans round his ankles and was helping him out of them.

As she removed his shoes and socks Zoe found herself unable to resist the temptation of feeling the long hard bulge in his briefs. By the time Julie had completed her task Zoe had his cock out over the waistband of his underwear and was slowly but firmly wanking him. Julie raised herself up so her head was level with the action and without hesitation Zoe guided him into her open mouth. Keeping hold of the base of his shaft she watched as Julie went to work with her lips and tongue, teasing round his helmet before sucking him deeper into her mouth.

Julie took hold of Zoe's spare hand and pulled downwards, inviting her to join in the oral fun. Zoe responded by kneeling down beside her and taking her turn to take him in her mouth. The two friends took turns at first and then this progressed to them kissing each other across the tip of his cock, running their tongues over it.

"Mind if I go first?" asked Julie.

"What do you mean?" replied Zoe.

By way of an answer Julie got to her feet and bent over the dining table with her legs spread. Zoe got to her feet as well without letting go of the carpet guy. Keeping a firm grip she guided him into position before inserting the tip of his cock into Julie's pussy, only letting go when he was in so deep that there was no longer room for her hand. The sight of him thrusting in and out of Julie was taking her to new levels of arousal, and without even realising that she had done it, Zoe began to rub at her clit, using the moisture between her pussy lips as lubrication. 

It was Julie who came first, crying out as the waves of pleasure crashed through her body. Zoe was only moments behind, her legs buckling as her busy fingers stroked her to heights of delight. Somehow the carpet man managed to maintain his self-control as he eased his still impressive erection out of Julie. A moment later Zoe was sucking and licking Julie's juices from his cock. By the time she had cleaned him completely Julie had recovered from her climax and pulled Zoe to her feet to share the taste in another urgent kiss.

Julie pulled away from her embrace with Zoe and guided the man back to sit on the sofa. "Now it's your turn" she grinned at Zoe. After the briefest of hesitations Zoe climbed on top of him and slowly lowered herself onto his cock as Julie held it in place for her. He slid easily into her tight wet pussy, then started to thrust his hips upwards. As she rode him he leaned forward to take her breasts in his mouth, sucking her nipples to hardness one at a time.

Julie ran her fingers over his balls and the base of his cock, letting them continue upwards to stroke at Zoe's anus. The combination of his cock pumping deep inside her and Julie's stroking and gentle probing was more than Zoe could take and yet another orgasm caused her body to shudder and her pussy to clamp even tighter on him. She could sense that he was also very close to finally losing his self-control, and pulled away before leaning forward to take him into her mouth once more. Julie was eager to join in and pumped away at his shaft with her hand. 

With a groan he shot his first load of cum into Zoe's face. The second shot hit Julie on the lips, and he kept coming as she kept wanking, until eventually he had to beg for her to stop. All that was left was for the two women to clean up each other's face before Julie told him she would let him know her choice of carpet next week.

As she made her way home, after a prolonged shower with Julie, Zoe couldn't help thinking that the two of them would have to spend more quality time together in the future. She also pondered that maybe Julie wasn't a complete lesbian. Maybe she should invite her round to meet Adam!