 Jen burst into Christina's room without a least bit of forewarning or hesitation. The ice princess was lying on her stomach on her overly stuffed frilly bed staring at an art history textbook with a blue highlighter between her French manicured fingers. Yanked from her cozy sanctuary, Christina's look of surprise quickly melted into a seething glare of contempt. No mortal man has ever survived this mixture of annoyance and irritation.

"Who the fuck do you think you are," she said icily, sitting up and putting her delicate manicured hands on her hips. "Did your white-trash parents tell you it was alright to just waltz into another person's room like you're the fucking queen of Sheba?"

The white hot venom pouring out of her face, coupled with her beautiful features screwed up into a glare that would put Medusa to shame nearly stopped Jen in her tracts. She took a deep breath and steadied herself, and then smiled her best kindergarten-you've-not-been-playing-well-with-the-others smile. Christina didn't know that her housemates were skilled in the black arts of witchcraft, nor did she know about the spell they had just place on her.

"Now Christina," Jen said, trying to hid the fear in her voice, "I just wanted to see if you wanted to join me and the girls in the living room for a drink?"

"How about this, Jen." Christina seethed. "How about you tell your fucking airhead friends to leave me the fuck alone and get the hell out of my room before I call the land lord?"

Christina was standing now and easily stood a good 4 inches taller than her retreating roommate. As she towered over her and waved her highlighter like a switch-blade, she brushed aside her long straight blond mane and looked every bit as menacing as the best of the Disney super villainess. To make matters worse, Christina had the body that all these over-privileged daddy s débutantes seem to have; long, well muscled legs, washboard abs (thanks mostly to genetics and at least two hours in the gym a day), and perky chest that seemed to defy gravity.

"Look, Chris," Jen said, her voice beginning to waver a bit as she backed up a couple of steps. "I just wanted to know if you wanted to come out and see what the rest of the house looked like. You board yourself up in here all day long and you never even look at the rest of us anymore. The only time I've even talked to you in the last week was when your Porsche was blocking the driveway and I was late for class."

"Look, sweetie," Christina fumed, her annoyance growing by the second. "I don't care if you are bleeding to death and you need a ride to the hospital, the next time you come in here without knocking, I'll call my father and have you evicted."

Jen took another deep breath. The only way to tell if the spell had any effect on her was too start giving suggestions. It s now or never, so she might as well start off small.

"Why don't you stand up on one leg, Christina?"

"What?" Christina was monetarily caught off guard by the randomness of Jen's question, but quickly regained her balance. " What the hell are you talking about? Why the hell would I do that?"

Jen's heart sunk into her stomach at the realization that her spell didn't seem to work at all. She was about to give up on the whole endeavor and run for safety and pray that she still had a roof over her head in the morning. Then she remembered the trigger word. She looked down at the floor and fumbled with her hands.

"Christina, are you sure you don't want to?"

"Yes, I'm sure, you stupid bitch," Christina said the blood raising in her face. "Look, I don't have time for any more of your stupid shit."

Even as she began her rant, Christina's right foot slowly started to rise off the floor until her knee bent at a 90-degree angle. Looking like a pink lawn flamingo, she continued to lay into Jen, telling her to leave her alone and lock the door as she left. Jen couldn't believe it, as Christina continued her little lecture; she stood there with one of her cheerleader's Keds raised off the floor. She doesn't even realize that she s doing it.

"And another thing, you tell your stupid boyfriend."

"Excuse me, your highness," Jen said, her confidence growing at the absurd sight of the prom queen yelling at her and looking like an unbalanced stork. "Why are you standing like that if you don't want to?"

Christina's eyes shot down her body in utter bewilderment. She was indeed standing on one foot. Angry and confused, she looked back at Jen like a cranky baby awakened from a dream. Dazed, she attempted to push her leg back down to the floor but her muscles were tight as steel cable and her stance did not change a bit.

"What-what the hell is going on?" Christina mumbled, now pushing her thigh with both hands, trying to get her leg down to its normal position. "You get the hell out of her now Jen."

"I don't understand, Chris," Jen said, as smug as ever. "You said you don't want to stand on one foot, but there you are standing like a god damn jack knife. Why don't you put your foot down?"

"Fuck, you, you little bitch. " Christina shot back, angry to the point of blowing a gasket. "I can put my leg down-if I want to." Christina's leg began to tremble as she again tried to push it down to the floor. She lost her balance and pitched over, falling to the carpet at an odd angle. Her short skirt rode up her hips, giving Jen a clear view of her white lacy panties. She squirmed around on the floor, her knee still bent at the same bizarre angle, trying, without success, to push her skirt back down over her hips.

Jen watched with amusement as the girl with the six figure expense account who ordered coffee directly from Sweden every morning squirmed around on the floor at her feet, cursing and trying to hide her modesty. "Alright Chris, I'm sure you want to put your foot back down."

Instantaneously, Christina's foot shot back down next to her other. She sat straight up with wide eyes and smoothed her skirt down over her thighs.

"What the hell is going on, what are you doing to me?" Christina whimpered, half shamed. She was now as angry as a pit bull on a short leash.

"Why don't you come into the living room and I'll explain it all."

"Why don't you go blow the rest of the rugby team?"

Jen laughed at her housemate s guile despite her position. The next few hours are going to be a ton of fun, she thought. Christina stood up and was staring to turn around before Jen's words made her quickly spin around.

"Are you sure you don't want to come out to the living room?"

"Yes, I'm fucking sure, Christina said, her legs already heading toward her bedroom door. "I think its time for you to get the hell out of my room." Christina said this as she briskly walked past Jen and out of her room. Her voice trailed off as she realized that her legs had a mind of their own and that even the force of her stubborn will was not going to stop her from heading toward the living room. Her hands clawed at the doorframe, trying to stop her progress, but couldn't find a finger. Jen raised her fists quickly in triumph and scurried off behind her, closing the door carefully behind her and nodding at the "stay the hell out!" message on her dry erase board.

In the living room, Christina was met by her other two roommates, Andrea and Michelle, both of whom Christina also thought of as white trash morons. The two girls were seated on the white sofa in front of a wooden kitchen chair. Both Andrea and Michelle had full glasses of red Merlot and both were dressed for bed, wearing sleepwear reserved for slumber parties. The drapes were drawn and several candles were lit, giving the room a warm semi-dark glow.

Michelle's face lit up as Christina strode into the room. In school on an academic scholarship she had always been intimidated by her beautiful housemate, especially when Christina made her conscious of both her own wealth and Michelle's lack of spending money. She wasn't sure what to expect when Christina came striding into the room in an utter rage, her cheeks rosy and her fist clenched.

"I take it its working," asked Michelle, dressed in silky cream pajamas with coral buttons and wispy elastic sleeper pants.

"What are you talking about, you stupid idiot?" Christina screamed and her two roommates, recoiled in horror. "If the two of you are both in on this, too&I swear to god you will both be out on your asses when my father finds out."

Michelle gulped and began to start picturing moving day, as Christina's father would no doubt evict them and watch with a huge grin on his smug face when they were delivered to student\low income housing. She was relieved when Jen came into the room with a huge Cheshire Cat grin on her face.

"Yeah, it s working, all right," Jen said with a giggle. "Go ahead and give it a try. The spell is working perfectly. I don't even think she is conscious of her actions."

Andrea and Michelle looked at each other quickly and then back expectantly at Christina, who looked like an angry cartoon character whose feet were glued to the floor. She kept trying to move away from her stance in the center of the room, but her feet were frozen in place. It was Andrea who first tested the waters as Jen joined them on the couch. She looked right at Christina, who looked even madder than she had when she first strode in.

"All right, Christina, why don't you have a seat in that chair in front of us?" Andrea said, motioning to the bar stool.

"Why don't you all go fuck yourselves," Christina said in a low tone, dripping with acid. "I've got studying to do and not any more time for this shit."

"Are you sure you don't want to have a seat," said Andrea, who was dressed in an oversized nightshirt and white socks.

"Yes, I'm sure..." Christina trailed off as she sat down on the chair and crossed her legs, always ladylike. "I would rather spit in your stupid ass face than sit&shit."

She realized that she was, indeed sitting in the chair as Andrea suggested. Again, her body felt like it was attached to marionette strings and some unseen hand was controlling her actions.

"Very good, Chris," Jen said, using the name she knew really pissed off her bitchy friend. "Doesn't it feel good to play nice?"

"Screw you Jen."

The three girls giggled at Christina's obvious anger and uncomfortable position. They had all been waiting for this moment since they first moved into the ice queen house earlier that semester. While Christina was beautiful, popular and always seemed to have whichever guy she wanted at her beck and call, she took a perverse pleasure in making her roommates lives miserable.

"Christina," Michelle said after the giggling died down. "Why don't you tell us about what happened in your bedroom with Greg last night. I heard you guys through the wall and it sounded pretty hot."

"That is none of your god damn business," Christina said, pressing her palms to her chest in painfully dramatic disdain. "What goes on between me and Greg is my concern, and besides, a lady never kisses and tells. Maybe if you ever had a boy in your room, you wouldn't be so interested in my affairs."

Michelle winced at the verbal jab. It had been awhile since she had a male caller. For Christina to call herself a lady was actually pretty funny, considering the sheer number of handsome guys who had passed through her door this year. It was well known that Christina's house almost seemed a high-price whore-house for rich boys looking for a good time.

"Come on Christina, we re all friends here. I'm pretty sure you should tell us about it. Don't spare the details."

"Well, Greg and I were both pretty drunk last night," Christina said, her cheeks coloring and her hand shooting up to her mouth. The look of confusion and anger as she described her private moment was priceless. "Oh, god why am I telling you this? I just wanted to pass out after the Delta Gamma formal, but he was kind of revved up. We made out a little in the living room before he led me to the bedroom. He pushed me down against the bedspread and pulled my dress up around my waist and sort of just pushed my underwear aside & I still don't think this is any of your business."

Christina was staring down at the carpet, trying desperately to avoid eye-contact. She had her hand up to her brow as if she were confessing the deepest sin imaginable.

"You're right, Chris, this isn't any of our business," Jen said, sitting up straight with an excited gleam in her eyes. "But you're sure going to tell us all about it. Now tell me, were you turned on, you know, when he was being rough?"

"Fuck you Je- & yes, I was totally turned on; I like it when guys treat me like a whore." Christina's tone had changed a bit, from total embarrassment to a strange sense of pride. "When he had my face against the bed, he pushed his hard cock into me and I was so wet that I could hear a juicy swishing sound when he fucked me. Then he started pulling my hair from behind and I started cumming right there. It was so dirty, but so hot just the same. When he had his fun, he pulled out and left me there with my butt in the air and all my clothes on. When he was gone, the only evidence that he had even been there was his warm stuff running down my legs. I can t believe I just told you morons that. God, I'm so embarrassed."

Andrea and Michelle exchanged looks and giggled. While the wine was having its effect, but the blush on both girls faces was mainly caused by their prissy roommate s little tale. Jen strode over to the couch, and sat down between the other girls.

Christina had never been so humiliated in her entire little life. Not only had she divulged such an intimate secret to girls she hardly knew; she was taken aback by her sudden candor and willingness to relate all the gory details. She never ever kissed and told, even to her closest friends in the sorority house and she definitely did not use words like cock, fuck and cumming. Despite her anger, she found herself suddenly aroused by the watchful gaze of her roommates, sitting with wide eyes not four feet in front of her chair.

"And how did that make you feel, being treated like the slut that you are, Christina?" Andrea, the redhead, said with a grin. She had been waiting what seemed like her whole life to get this bitch between her sights. "Did you feel used?"

"Like I'm going to tell you that," Christina said with a flip of her hair and a pained sigh. "I shouldn t have said what I did, and I'm not going any further."

"Are you sure?" Michelle said, sitting forward with an expectant look on her face.

"Why do you all keep saying that-&it made me so hot and horny being used like that." Again, Christina died a little bit as the words came tumbling out of her mouth uncontrollably. "I wanted him to come back and fuck me hard all night long. It was like I had an itch so deep inside my pussy that I couldn't scratch."

Andrea stood up and walked behind their unwilling conversationalist. She put her hands on her shoulders and Christina involuntarily winced as if she had been stabbed. She tried to stand up momentarily, realized that her legs would not obey and slouched back into her chair. Andrea, her oversized shirt almost swallowing up her upper arms, began to slowly rub her shoulders.

"So much tension, Chris." Andrea said with a laugh. "I'm sure you should relax a little and stop being so angry all the time. Now tell me, do you feel all hot and bothered now after telling us about last night? I know all this wine has made my insides all fluttery."

Christina exhaled and visibly deflated. She still looked really upset, but at least her fists weren t all balled up. She suddenly didn't seem to mind that this girl who she saw as insignificant trash was rubbing her shoulders she didn't even let her boyfriends do that.

"Well, whoop de doo for your insides," Christina said, trying as hard as possible to sound angry and scary. She involuntarily crossed her legs under her short skirt and squirmed a bit on her stool. "I don't care at all."

"I don't know, Chris," Jen said, gulping down the contents of her wine goblet. "Why do you keep squirming if you're not turned on? By the way, are you getting cold or something?"

Christina shot her back a blank stare and shrugged her shoulders. She actually felt kind of warm and cozy and rather hot and congested under her skirt. Jen motioned to the front of Christina's thin sweater. Sure enough, her nipples were sticking straight out of the fabric like pencil erasers. Christina's blush deepened at her obvious arousal. Now that Jen had pointed them out, it felt like her nipples were tight little points of glass; so sensitive against her sweater.

Just then, Michelle, the brunette, began unbuttoning the front of her silky pajama top. Christina was totally shocked by the sudden movement. What was she doing and why couldn't she take her eyes away from this girl? Michelle slowly undid her top buttons and then worked her way down the silky material until all five buttons were undone. Her tan skin cut a burn between the cream silk as she pulled the material aside slightly, exposing the sides of her firm breasts. Christina had never noticed her roommate s flat and muscular abs she was always wearing baggy sweaters.

"What are you doing Michelle," Christina said in disbelief. "What are you, some sort of dyke?"

Michelle smiled and stretched out, the silk spreading apart and revealing more of her taught breasts. Christina caught a glimpse of a hard brown nipple before it disappeared back into the silk.

"That's not a nice thing to say at all, Christina." Michelle scolded. "I was just feeling as hot as you are. I'll tell you what, I'm sure you ll understand better if you take off your sweater and toss it on the floor."

Christina's face filled with fright as her fingers shot under her sweater and in one motion, pulled it off over her head. Andrea barely was able to pull her hands away from her shoulders before her sweater hit the floor. Mortified, Christina tried to cover herself up as she sat on display before her roommates in only her lacy white Victoria Secret bra. Her flawless breasts looked so heavy as they strained against the lace and padding, squashed together like any good Miracle Bra will do. Christina was the kind of girl who almost didn't need a bra since her breasts were so well shaped and proportionate.

Christina began to panic as she tried to cover her shame. Why had she taken off her sweater before these idiots? If they could make her do this, what else were they capable of? She felt another electric jolt as Andrea went back to her shoulder massage, making skin on skin contact.

"Why are you so nervous, Christina," Andrea asked, kneading a knot in her shoulder and fingering her silk bra straps. "We re all girls here. This isn't turning you on, is it?"

"What have you done to me?" Christina murmured, holding her swelling breasts in her hands. Even though she was trying to be modest, her boobs felt so warm and soft under her fingers, her nipples so hard they ached. "I'm not a queer. I'm not into this kind of thing."

The other girls were no longer laughing, but instead staring intently at Christina's chest. They shot approving glances at each other and crossed and uncrossed their legs, in spite of their selves. Jen was the first to speak.

"Then you wouldn't mind if I got a little more comfortable over here," she said, stretching and then pulling her slinky tank top up and over her head. She was left in her own lacy bra, her breasts not nearly as impressive as Christina s. "There, that's better. It feels so nice to get that itchy thing off. Do me a favor, Chris, honey. Tell me what you see as I get the rest of these clothes off."

"No&"

"I'm sure you want to, Chris." Jen said with an evil look on her face. She was already standing up and unbuttoning her jean shorts. "Tell me what you see."
