 I had slipped away to Cedar Key for a weekend of relaxation. Work had been terribly hectic and I was hoping that some quiet time would improve my outlook not only about my job, but my personal life as well. 

I checked into the Island Hotel just blocks from the center of the Cedar Key activities. I loved what I'd read in the brochure about the hotel being like a short step into the past. An old hotel that was once used as a post office, general store, rumored to be a whorehouse, and had now been restored to a quaint bed and breakfast. No telephones, TV's or usual distractions. Sounded like my kind of place. 

I checked into my room on the second floor, plopped onto the queen size wrought iron bed and laid there staring at the slowly whirring ceiling fan that gently rocked above me. It was almost sad to be enjoying this cozy little room by myself but I made a mental note that when I did find the right woman to share it with, I would come back here with her. I had two large windows in my room with heavy oak slat blinds and when I turned them open to get a view of the gulf just yards away, I felt as though I had really come to some far away island. I could see the dolphins leaping in the distant waters, small boats passing by, men fishing from the pier. It was all very serene. I needed to freshen up from the long drive I'd made, so I undressed and slipped into a bubble bath in the old iron claw foot tub that was in my private bathroom. I relaxed for some time, sipping a glass of wine that I'd bought at the bar downstairs. The silence was almost deafening but I could occasionally hear the creaking of the old hardwood floors as other guests checked into their rooms, gentle laughter from a honeymoon couple, the housekeepers cleaning the few vacant rooms that were left. 

I dressed and headed downtown to visit some of the artsy shops, chat with some of the locals and take some pictures. Something I love to do. I decided to take the riverboat cruise to see some of the out of the way sights and learn more about the area. I was getting some fabulous shots of the dolphins, who were quite active today, and also some of the other Florida wildlife that is not often seen by visitors. 

I had taken notice of this attractive woman sitting across from me and though flirting was not really on my mind today, every time I looked her way, our eyes would meet and we'd share a smile. A long, lingering smile. It actually got to the point, during our one hour cruise, that I sensed a rather deep connection between us, yet I didn't know why. When we returned to the dock, she brushed past me, her arm touching my breast ever so slightly. Our eyes again met, lingered, a smile was exchanged, and she was gone. So okay, I was feeling a little...lonely....and who doesn't enjoy flirting now and then. We all need that. 

I ventured off to a more secluded part of the island, which according to the locals, was the perfect spot to catch the summer sunset. Camera ready, I found myself a small clearing on a sand dune and got comfortable. During my wait, I enjoyed the late afternoon breezes coming off the ocean and I let my mind wander away to fantasies of moments not yet enjoyed. Why was she there in my mind, the woman I'd exchanged smiles with on the boat. We were strangers....yet....she moved me. It was the eyes, something in the eyes. They drew me in to their darkness. I felt vulnerable for a moment. So unlike me, the woman who prides herself on control. An old friend once told me that it is usually the submissive personality who has control of the situation. I think she was right, even now, this woman was creeping into my mind. Her brush across my breast as she passed, was that intentional? After all, the crowd got off the boat at the same time, shuffling like a herd of cattle. Contact was inevitable. A bit forward on her part, don't you think, but no, don't think....erotic...very erotic. I felt an unexpected drop of moisture forming in my panties, a slight twinge deep inside of me. Hmmmm, perhaps something to think of this evening, when I'm in bed...alone. 

I readied my camera as the sunset was only moments away. It was going to be wonderful. I snapped frame after frame of the enormous fireball that was melding into horizon. The reflection across the calm waters drew a path right to me, so magnificent that I felt I could walk across the rainbow stream of reds, yellows and oranges and let it guide me to a peaceful place I'd often imagined in my childhood dreams. Darkness came within moments. A silence only broken by the gently moving waters, the night birds, frogs, other shore creatures beginning their foraging in the absence of interruption. Movement, I heard movement, rustling in the tall grass behind me. "Beautiful sunset...wasn't it?" 

A tender, yet soft spoken voice pierced the silence. I jumped, having thought quite confidently, that I was alone. 

"Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you. I see you are a lover of sunsets as well?" 

I turned to see it was you. The woman from the boat ride. I could still feel my heart in my stomach for the moment. 

"Uh, yes. Actually, I'm a lover of many things." I responded. Why the hell did I say that, now I sound like a geek. Quick, say something else. 

"I didn't know you were here, watching." I said. 

The moon was high above us now, full and bright. You moved closer. I saw your tender smile. 

"You weren't supposed to know I was...watching." you said playfully. 

"Can I join you on your blanket?" 

I slid over to give you some room. 

"My name is Onyx......and you?" 

I cleared my throat of the lingering nervousness. 

"Jess". 

My shyness was showing it's ugly head and I was finding conversation very difficult. I could feel your stare as you waited for something more. You'd have better luck waiting on a coconut to fall of the tree. 

"Did you enjoy the riverboat ride?" you asked. 

There was that vulnerable feeling again, yet I could not help but think about our connection earlier in the day. C'mon...take control here girl. I turned to look you directly in the eye. 

"Yes I did, very much." 

Our eyes met in the darkness and I was mesmerized as I studied every curve and line in your face that was bathed by the milky moonlight. It's all over. I'm hooked. I studied your cheeks, your chin, your lips. I lingered at the lips. As you leaned forward I could feel my entire body tense up, but not out of fear. Our lips met, gently, tenderly, hesitating to fully touch. Was it okay with you, was it okay with me? Damn brain...stop. Just stop! You pulled back and the loss felt astounding. You were re-thinking your actions. 

"Forgive me, Jess, it's just that....." I finished your sentence. "connection?" 

We sat there frozen in the moment. I took your hand in mine and let my finger trace the outline of yours. I could feel you shiver as I proceeded up your arm, stopping at your shoulder. I placed my hands on your shoulders and gently laid you back on my blanket. My fingertips slid like silk across your soft skin. The moonlight gave your eyes this romantic little glint, yet I sensed something much more intense inside. Something I wanted very much to discover. 

I leaned over and placed my lips on yours, kissing you ever so tenderly. I could feel the sweatiness of your palms, they were no different than mine, yet the passion each of us felt we were concealing, was much more obvious than we wanted to accept. Your lips were warm and inviting, our tongues gently teasing the other. My need of you was incredible and as I lay there partially on you, I could feel the moist heat that was generating between your legs onto mine. I was anxious, hungry for a taste of you. I let my warm breath fall to your soft skin as I nibbled on your ear lobe, kissed and licked your neck tenderly. I felt your body surrender to my given pleasures. I could see the anticipation in your eyes when I kissed you, feel the want in your touch as you pulled me into you. 

Wanting no barriers between us, I lifted off your tank top and released your bra. Your breasts fell vulnerable to the piercing moonlight. I lingered for a long moment following their outline against the darkness. Their fullness, softness, and your nipples....those lovely nipples. Erect, sensitive. The hunger increases. I kneeled over you and slid off your shorts and panties. You looked so sexy lying against the darkness of my blanket as it draped the soft, white neon sand. You reached up to rub my hard nipples through the fabric of my polo shirt. Even my bra could not hide their erection. I felt a warm rush of excitement take over my body as you caressed me. 

I stood before you and slowly undressed. My shirt, my shorts. You sat up and placed your hands on my hips, letting your fingers glide down my thighs and across my furry patch. I could feel my heart beating in my entire body as you slipped in to steal a drop of wetness from my pink folds. It made me shiver as you put my sweetness to your lips and ran your tongue over each covered finger. You pulled me down and rolled over on top of me, straddling me with your firm body. I was helpless as you held me, pinned at the wrists. Your full round breasts pressed against mine, our nipples becoming one. I felt my moisture seeping from my depths as your hot pussy rubbed into mine. You started at my neck, kissing, licking, gently biting. You left a trail of faint wetness that followed down between my breasts. You stopped there, to take my fullness into your hand and guide my nipple into your mouth. I arched my back as you sucked me deeply, but so gently. I felt your tongue flutter around my nipple, your teeth biting just enough to cause me to wince. Precious pain. One breast, then two. 

I reached down to feel your pussy but you pushed me away, banning me with a stern look. How fucking hot I was. I moaned, cried softly in disappointment. 

"I want to touch you" I whispered. 

Your hot breath followed down across my belly to my inner thighs. You slowly separated my legs and began kissing me there. My thighs, my pussy lips. I arched slightly to invite you in but you teased me, taunted me. Your breath so very hot on my fiery pit. A strike, instant and firm, like a snake injecting venom. I felt a shock of intense pleasure against my throbbing clit. Liking what you had discovered, you continued to probe around my pink flesh with your tongue. Sliding, slithering, sucking me into an intense climax. You could hear my cries of pleasure releasing into the night as you took control of entire being. I pulled your head harder into me and with that your tongue shot as deeply into my tight hole as you could get. You slid your hands under my ass cheeks to lift me slightly, allowing you better access to my womanhood. The mixture of your hot breath and your gentle biting sent me over the edge once more, causing me to writhe and shake violently as a river of sweet nectar flowed into your mouth. 

I pulled you onto me, wanting to feel your dripping pussy on my breast. You straddled over me and slowly lowered yourself down onto my hardened nipple. Not only was your wetness arousing, the hardness of your clit touching my nipple sent shivers through every nerve ending I had. You slid back and forth gently, fucking my nipple. I pressed it into you and became so excited that I climaxed again just watching your breasts move, watching your wetness ooze down over my breast. I pinched your nipples and squeezed your breasts firmly and whispered "cum for me baby." You arched back and closed your eyes and as you did, I took hold of your hips and slid you onto my waiting tongue. You sank there, letting my lips suck your clit deeply into my mouth. Your button was hard and very swollen. I fucked it with my tongue, licking every inch of your sweet flesh until you exploded into a series of climaxes, each one getting longer and more intense. I rolled you to the bottom and firmly shoved three fingers into your depths. Your sweet juices covered me and your passions intensified as I slid in and out of you. Your eyes pleaded with me for satisfaction from the ache, the need you had of me. You opened yourself wider for me. I could sense your hesitation to lose all control, but your reserve overruled your hunger. I knew what you needed, wanted and I wanted so much to please you. I eased out of you and you whimpered at my retreat. You kept whispering. 

"Please don't stop baby...please." 

The desperation made your voice crack. I caressed your bush tenderly, letting my fingers glide once more around your pink folds. Slowly, I formed my hand into a small, tight fist and eased my way into your depths. Your body tensed but not from pain. I slid deeply into you, letting my knuckles feel every curve and crevice of your body. It was warm, moist, tight. I could feel the suction you were creating as your pussy seemed to draw my hand in deeper. I gently moved my fingers inside you to let my knuckles rub the more sensitive parts of your flesh. You loved this and begged me not to stop. You were getting wetter as you began to meet my gentle thrusts. We moved in rhythm for a long time and I could not get enough of looking at you lying there, loving my attention. You caressed your breasts, kept licking your lips. You were keeping me so very wet. I could feel my juices dripping down my leg. I could feel the eruption building. Small climaxes but I knew you were holding out for the ultimate. I was going to give it to you. I penetrated you deeper, a little harder now and you began to squirm beneath me. 

"I want to hear it baby, I want you to let it all go. Give me what I want lover...what I want from you. Scream baby, let me know how it feels." 

You cried out, the explosion nearing. With my hand still filling you inside, I took my other fingers and began to rub your swollen clit. It was so hard and I loved to touch it. I rubbed it slowly, around and around and I could feel your pussy tightening on me. 

"Squeeze me baby, that's it. The more you do the more I'll give you. LET GO." I demanded in a low but firm tone. With that request, the volcano erupted and you screamed out in incredible release, just how good it felt. Whining, whimpering, gripping the blanket beneath you. I held your shaking body until you calmed and we awoke to the sunlight wrapped in my blanket and each other.