 This happened about two weeks ago. I hope you like hearing about it, because it took me forever to write it, mostly with only one hand. The other hand was...busy...

***

We were fresh out of the shower. Blue dried off first and sat on the edge of the bed, watching me towel my body. I always love to tease her a little, so I wriggled my ass. I hadn't gotten my hair wet, so I was tossing it around some to get to various parts of my body. It draped down over me and down to my ass, a bit messy, but sometimes I like it that way.

It will be a lot worse when my baby gets done ravaging my body...

I had my legs spread so Baby could see my big pussy lips. I dried off completely, turned around to go hang the towel up, but dropped it on purpose. With my legs spread and my knees straight, I bent over to pick it up with my hair hanging all over in front of me. My ass and my dark-tanned pussy were staring right at Blue.

"Fuck Sunny...you're such a fucking slut pussy tease."

I looked at her upside down from between my legs and smiled. She was leaning back on one hand and playing with her pussy. She's hot as fuck...just incredibly sexy. I told her, "YOUR fucking slut pussy tease, and if I tease you long enough, you'll fuck yourself to cumming, baby."

I stood up, throwing all my hair over me, letting it land on my ass. She was really working her pussy...two fingers...her ass off the mattress, fucking her pussy at those thrusting, wiggling fingers. I bent over again, showing her more of my ass and pussy, waggling my ass for her and patting my pussy with my hand.

"Sunny...fuck, baby..."

I stood up again and came to her and she gripped the back of my thigh with her free hand. I bent over with my open mouth on her neck, purring to her...she fucked herself more and I whispered against her ear, "That's it, baby...come for me...come real good and Baby can have Sunnypussy..."

Baby squealed and her body rocked. Fuck! Did she EVER come!

Only a few seconds passed after her orgasm, and she had both hands on my ass, pulling on me with her mouth open.

"Sunnypussy...give me Sunnypussy..."

I wove my fingers through her hair and rubbed my tummy on her face. "Ooooooooo...Baby like Sunnypussy?"

Trying to scooch down to get to my pussy, she whimpered, "Love Sunnypussy...Sunnypussy is mine...give it to me..."

I gently pushed her onto her back, telling her, "Baby owns Sunnypussy...Baby can have it whenever she wants."

My pussy was already dripping. A lot. On my hands and knees with my pussy dripping on her body, I crawled up to her already-open mouth. She was whimpering for my pussy, her head up, wanting to take it as soon as she could. My pussy was now over her mouth and I spread my knees, lowering my pussy to her. She eagerly took it, my outer lips nearly filling her mouth.

"Oooooooohhhhhh...there you go, Baby...Sunnypussy is all yours. Oh fuck...fuck yes..."

I couldn't reach HER pussy...I badly wanted to give her a good hard fuck!

She reached up quickly, grabbing my ass, desperately trying to pull me lower while devouring me...she sucked hard, seemingly trying to swallow my big, swollen pussylips. I threw all my hair backward, letting it fall on my back and draping over her, my orgasm about to take over my body...

"Ohfuck...ohfuck...ohfuck...

With her nails on my ass in the firm grip of her hands, she sucked my outer lips into her mouth even HARDER, shaking her head and growling from deep in her throat...

"TAKE SUNNYPUSSY, BABY! FUCKFUCKFUCK! I'M ALL YOURS! FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!!"

Hard jolts flew through my body in rocking spasms and I came and came and came!

"Oooooooooooohhhhhhh..."

Baby squealed, so delighted to have my pussy throbbing in her mouth while she took the last of the intense orgasm she'd given me...my arms had collapsed and my forehead was on the mattress and ass was still in the air while she lapped her tongue on my pussy...the pussy she owns...the pussy that belongs only to her.

With my arms and legs loosely wrapped around me, I slid down, my tummy sliding on her pretty face...when our lips met, my smooth thigh was firmly against her pussy. We kissed roughly...deeeeeeeeply...purring and tongue-fucking while Baby fucked herself hard on my thigh, her drenched pussy making lots of deliciously wet sounds...with our mouths tonguefucking, she came hard against my thigh, screaming into my mouth while my arms held her in place.

Our bodies were now thoroughly soaked, wet with the scent of each other. I got two little brown bottles of musk oil and, while Baby lay there relaxing, I drenched her body with it...all of her...then, did the same to myself. This being Friday, we would spend the entire weekend just like this without taking a shower...utterly naked, completely covered with each other's sex and lots of musk oil.

I pulled the covers over us with my arms and legs wrapped around Blue, the woman who knows exactly how to treat my body. 

With both of us about to fall asleep, I tucked her in my tummy, cuddling her against me. She nuzzled my breasts on her way to sleep, murmuring softly, "Sunnypussy is mine...mine...mine...mine..."

Forever, I will love her as she loves me.

The End