 Ah ha! There it is! Hurriedly I walked down the length of the mall to the store, Ample Fashion. It had been far too long since I had purchased anything sexy. The new apartment, unfamiliar city, recent job offer, and new-sprung relationship certainly warranted a little pizzazz in my bedroom attire. So much had changed in the last year. In February, I left Zach, my husband of 5 years. Then in June, I made the trek from San Diego to Seattle in search of a fresh start. The water and the mountains had always captivated my imagination, and the city itself seemed to have an artistic charm.

I met Jasmine when I got my first job in Seattle, waitressing at a little hole in the wall café. She recommended Ample Fashion to me when I began telling her about my new flame, Derek. The story of our meeting was nothing special. We encountered each other one late night online as I was trying to unwind from a long day of greasy food and cigarette butts. We had a dinner date 3 days after our first conversation. That was two weeks ago, and now our evenings together were starting to take a more sensually charged tone. I wanted to surprise him with something that evening when he got home from a late night at the office. Pushing the limits had always been my forte. 

I pondered all of this as I wandered back to the lingerie section of the store. It was my day off so I wasn’t all suited up in my usual spread of coffee stains. I'd thrown on a pair of comfy jeans and a classy blouse, not as stylish as the merchandise in the store, but definitely me.

A saleswoman promptly greeted me and asked if I needed any help. I appreciated her personality. It was different than the commission hungry attitude I usually encountered at similar stores. Her hair was a deep hot cinnamon, cascading to the shoulders. A rust colored chenille sweater hugged her curvaceous form from the turtle neckline to her tremendous hips. She was small of stature, but lusciously well rounded in all the right places. The slit that raced up the side of her calf revealed a shapely toned leg. Her smile was gentle, though the twinkle in her eye matched my charged interest. For a fleeting moment, I stared at her with an amazement that felt much like I did as a young girl, hanging a new ornament on the Christmas tree.

I chose a few seductive possibilities and she whisked me off to the dressing rooms. "Take your time", she said, and holler if you need any help. "My name is Raquel."

The satin gowns felt delicious as I slipped each one on and off of my plump figure. I then took a few minutes to stand and admire before trying on the last of the nighties. I was positive Derek would eat me up in any of them, but I wasn't sure which would most prompt him to devour me. 

After the favor I had done him last night, I was sure to see a more risque side of my new admirer. He was asleep in my bed, all snuggled in velour, when an unrestrainable urge to taste him had consumed me. I crept into bed and took his flaccid cock into my mouth. What a delectable midnight snack I remember that being. He was already at a full erection before he was able to shake that warm state of half-asleepness. After a good dose of gripping, suckling, and devouring, he was able to put aside the initial embarrassment of being with a new lover, and bathe me in his warm sticky load.

Knock knock! I heard a faint rapping on the dressing room door, and in, to my astonishment, stepped Raquel. "How is it going?" She asked with a big smile. " I hope I didn't offend you by coming in."

"No, I suppose not," I stuttered in disbelief.

"Is this the last one?" Raquel pointed to the remaining emerald green nighty clutched tightly in my hand. "Here, lets try it on."

I was no longer sure about the previous judgement I had made about Raquel's un- intrusive attitude. Still, I lifted my arms up as she slid the silky fabric over me.

Raquel kept her attentive poise, whispering words like delicious and beautiful under her breath. When she talked to herself, I noticed, she spoke only in Spanish. "You're such an attractive woman, I don't think I caught your name." Raquel said as we both took a look at me in the mirror. She seemed to be fishing for conversation.

"Trecia" I giggled, telling her my name in Spanish. A quick shade of crimson blanketed my face, realizing she would know that 2 years of college Spanish allowed me to understand her murmurings.

"De veras? Really?" She questioned, with embarrassment now in her court.

"Si" I answered, as she lowered her head, blushing profusely. "Ahh, no worries, Raquel. Your attention is quite flattering. Zach, my ex, never had a problem bringing home a paycheck, though he had a very difficult time giving compliments."

"Well, Trecia, you are one mujer hermosa…a beautiful woman. You deserve someone who can appreciate the whole package." She whispered in my ear, her warm breath exciting my skin. "The green looks fabulous, and the spaghetti straps make it look even more luscious on you! Oh, and if you purchase it today, you'll receive a free pair of satin panties." 

"Great! I'll take it!" I wanted nothing more at that moment than to get Raquel out of my space. She made me nervous. Oddly enough, it wasn't because she had just barged into my dressing room to make a sale. It was the way she seemed to know about my long since denied interest in women. I fumbled through a few more words with her until Raquel pierced the ackwardness with an apology.

"I'm sorry Trecia, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable. The sales floor is calling my name, and my manager is not always the kindest taskmaster, but if you're interested in making a new friend, I'd love to have you over for dinner tonight." With that, Raquel candidly slipped a piece of paper between my breasts. "Trecia, call me. I get off at 6."

Raquel winked a devilish wink at me, as if to make sure I caught her double entendre. She then sauntered back out into the store as I wriggled out of the nightie. Quickly, I hiked up my jeans and threw on my blouse. The other clerk at the counter helped me, as Raquel was busy with another customer. I watched Raquel as she pulled herself back together. She again caught my gaze and flashed me that same seductive smile as I left the store. 

* * * * *

Later At Home

I glanced at the clock, which read 6:30. Butterflies danced in my stomach as I debated whether or not to call this intriguing woman. Surely she must be home by now. I could easily meet her for dinner and make it home in time to freshen up for Derek. Who did Raquel think she was? She left such a bitter-sweet taste in my mouth. In the span of five minutes, she had stomped into my private dressing room and captured all of my attention. I wasn't quite sure what Raquel had in mind for the evening, but my curiosity was strong enough that I knew I'd give myself a mental beating if I didn't call her and find out. 

My trembling hand picked up the receiver as I dialed the number on the paper. "Hola!" Raquel answered confidently.

"Um…Hi Raquel, This is Trecia." 

Before I could get in another word, Raquel's voice leapt through the phone at me with "Si! Trecia! Claro! I was hoping it was you. When should I expect you? I'm making enchiladas tonight!"

"Well, I'll need directions, but if you're here in town, I can be there in less than an hour, I'd say." 

"Perfecto! I am at 1031 East Cargol, do you know where that is? It's near downtown."

"I'm new in town, but I'll get out the map. Don’t fret if I'm a little late, ok?"

"Great! I'd better get back to the enchiladas, so they're nice and warm when you get here."

"Ok, I'll see you soon, Raquel."

"Can't wait to chat with you, Trecia." She softened her voice a tone and made what sounded like a kiss to the receiver. "Adios, call me if you get lost."

I hung up the phone and quickly grabbed the city map. It was small and detailed, but I eventually managed to find her street. It was right off of the interstate, and couldn't be too difficult to find. After touching up my makeup and slipping into a classic short black dress, I paused to again take a look at myself in the mirror. I saw a new liberating assurance in the woman peering back at me. It felt a little less like playing dress-up each day that I faced one more of life's fears. The timid fat girl with a pretty face in high school, now was learning to recognize a sultry vixen within the rest of her succulent body.

I kicked up my heels and skipped out the door, new bed dressing in hand, just in case I didn't have time to make it home before driving to Derek's place.

It took about 30 minutes to get to Raquel's neighborhood and another 10 to find her house with the dim street lighting. Soon, I was at her doorstep and ringing the bell. She greeted me with an affectionate kiss on the cheek and welcomed me into her quaint little white house. It was decorated with Mexican art from floor to ceiling. She herself was dressed in a short iridescent red dress, revealing much more of her ample figure than I'd seen earlier in the afternoon. Her generous bosoms eagerly pressed out against the low cut neckline.

"Sit down at the table, Trecia," she told me as she took my coat. "The enchiladas are almost done. I hope I didn't make them too spicy." Raquel's eyes lit up with a sincere passion as she spoke. "Where my parents grew up, they like things hot!"

I seated myself at the small table with two white candles burning in the center. Raquel danced out of the kitchen with two plates of delicious enchiladas and a bottle of wine. Conversation picked up and we discussed our backgrounds, our parents, and many other things. The wine, coupled with spicy enchiladas, wrapped a warm cozy feeling around me as I enjoyed the last few bites of dinner. 

I then questioned her about the extraordinary art I saw everywhere. I hoped I was better at masking my excitement over Raquel than I was about other elements of the evening. I didn’t want to seem too eager on all fronts.

"For the most part, these works were gifts from family. I have more upstairs if you would like to see." Raquel motioned and guided me up the stairs.

I stood in awe of the beautiful paintings on her bedroom walls. Each one depicted a strikingly sensuous woman in bright colors, each intricately painted in a lifelike manner, as if right in the room with us.

"These are the works of mi abuela, my grandmother," Raquel said with a hint of pride in her voice. "She was a beautiful woman, and though few people in my family know this, she admired the body of a woman much more than that of a man. She kept a diary in her early twenties. My mother gave it to me several years ago. She didn't find it until after my grandmother's death, and I am almost sure she didn't read it, or she would not have passed it on to me."

"Why?" I questioned eagerly.

"Well, you see, Trecia, my grandmother had a secret side that was far more open-minded than mi madre could have ever guessed. She didn't stifle any chance for pleasure in her life. I read stories in her diary about torrid romances, with both men and women. Her favorite seemed to be a very rubenesque woman in a nearby village for whom she made several trips a month to visit. The attribute of this woman that my grandmother commented on most often in her diary was her large soft body, and the way it excited her." Raquel's voice deepened at the mention of this lover.

My panties moistened with every word Raquel spoke. There was now no doubt in my mind why she had brought me into her room. Our gazes locked as she went on to explain about her grandmother's influence on her life, and how she'd come to not be ashamed about her own attractions, her body, her feelings, nothing. She accepted and embraced them all. The small flame that had been burning inside me earlier that day when Raquel had slipped the nightie over my body was now burning with such an intensity that it nearly matched the fire in the eyes of the painted women around us.

Raquel reached her fingers to my lips, brushing them lightly. Then, replacing her fingers with soft sweet lips, she kissed me tenderly, igniting a passion I could no longer reason away. She slowly walked me to her bed, placed her hands on my hips, and urged me to sit down.

"Tu eres tan hermosa, Trecia. You are so beautiful." She whispered into my ear as her hands glided over my breasts and curvacious tummy. I lost myself in her electric touch as she caressed me over and over. 

"Trecia, I can resist you no longer!" Raquel positioned herself to straddle me and looked down at my quivering body with desire. She then started sliding my dress up over my sumptuous hips, tickling over my breasts, and helping me lift the garment up over my head. "Te quiero besar en todo el cuerpo, Trecia! I want to kiss you all over." The words felt like warm honey dripping from her mouth to my nipples. She surprised me by leaning over me, pressing her wetness to mine, and intoxicatingly surveying my expressions as she began to rock against me.

"Mmmmmmm" I let out a soft whimper, grasping the sheet beneath me.

"Oh you like that, do you Trecia?" Raquel teasingly questioned me as she helped me further up onto the bed. "Maybe you will enjoy this too, then." 

Raquel purred and kissed her way down my body, tempting me out of the rest of my clothing. Her kisses were like fire falling to my swollen desire. The same warm breath I had felt earlier on my neck was now searing the most intimate parts of me. I locked my legs to the bed and bucked softly beneath her arms like a new filly being broken in. 

Suddenly, I felt a gentle but determined tongue ease into the crack that hid my clandestine jewel. I gasped and squealed in pleasure, my back arching with every polishing stroke as she buffed my flinty round gem. Nearing my climax, Raquel stopped and climbed on top of me to devour my hard nipples. Instinctively, I pressed up against her, not wanting her to stop what she started below. She reached over and clutched a burning tapered candle and slowly dripped hot wax the sensitive pearls gleaming obediently on my chest. The combination of fear and painful pleasure was such a new feeling. Her moves were sudden between each delight, but she lingered resolutely on each pleasurable climb. Raquel watched my every expression as I writhed and twisted under her mischievous authority.

Next, she blew the candle out and slithered back down my body. Gently this time, she worked not her tongue, but the candle, into my eager moist cunt. Faster and faster she pumped me with the large stem of wax, and I felt my walls lock on tight. Repeatedly, Raquel skillfully drove inside me and fucked me with an intent rhythm. Finally, she took her other hand and brushed an index finger against my enlarged clit and I exploded around the candle, juices flowing out onto her sheets.

"Ah, que preciosa, Trecia, how precious. You are beautiful when you climax."

Desire flooded my body again in a different manner as I sat up and motioned for Raquel to lie down. Pleasuring me must have aroused her to an incredible boiling point, because the second I touched her, she moaned with a wild insanity. I took time to smell her, taste her, and savor her decadent skin. I pressed my whole face to the soft center of her pleasure, licking and nibbling and squeezing until I felt warm sweetness spill onto my zealous tongue. Soon, I felt Raquel's strong thighs grip my head between her legs, and she let out a long throaty growl.

"Ah, Trecia, how quickly you finished me." Raquel gasped as she came down from her blissful high.

"Oh, you think I have finished, do you, Raquel? The night is so young!" I was not about to let this first intense experience with a woman come to such a dashing end.

She'd coaxed out of me that vixen I witnessed earlier in the mirror. 

I pulled Raquel from the bed and sat her down on the large window sill at the far end of the room. She giggled in expectancy of what I would try next.

"Stand up, Raquel" I ordered her, half expecting a defiant little wench to evolve. Raquel scrambled quickly to her feet.

I pressed her hips gently, forcing her supple ass to the frigid windowpane, then I traced my fingers center stage to dance around Raquel's drenched hole.

"Ay! Frio! It's cold Trecia!" Raquel jolted as her rotund flesh hit the glass. With that, I punched three fingers up inside her hungry center, signaling her cue to launch a magnificent soliloquy of moans, wails, and chantings of my name. I licked the sweaty nape of her neck, and gauged the speed of my appetent fingers as Raquel made a concerted effort to draw in each breath.

Chills of naughtiness raced my spine as her famishing pussy swallowed my digits like delectable cuisine. This may have been my first time with another woman, but it was not my premiere experience with manual gratification. I knew what would bring Raquel to her final solo performance. Leaving two of my fingers inside, I moved a third up to circle her clit. Each motion cranked Raquel's hole tighter and tighter, confining me within her. I watched every muscle in her body grow tense and finally each sound ceased. Raquel shook as a gushing storm poured from her like a flash flood raining atop my thunderstruck fingertips. She collapsed into me and we both stood there, in the window, enjoying the devastating moment.

We enjoyed together a few more nuzzling kisses and long gazing smiles before we stepped down and snuggled ourselves under the covers of her bed. No words were spoken, none were needed. Slowly we both drifted off into a peaceful slumber, her soft round belly spooned up against my back.

RING! RING! Oh shit, I thought to myself. My cell phone. Derek! I blindly scrambled from the bed to my coat and pulled out the phone. 

"Hello," I answered with a sheepish voice, trying to mask the lump of guilt in my throat.

"Honey, where are you? It's nearly midnight." The lump in my throat grew as I heard Derek's panicked and slightly angry voice on the line.

"Well, sweety, um….let me explain."