 "What time is it?" Ashley yawned.

"It's almost 6:00." 

"You mean I've been asleep for three hours? Why didn't you guys wake me?"

Ashley looked up at Julie and realized she was wearing only a towel.

"What have you been doing?" she asked in a playful tone. "And where is Lisa?"

"We've been surfing. She's down stairs rinsing off in the outside shower."

"We're still going to Santino's tonight aren't we?" Julie asked.

"Sounds good to me. Is that what you're going to wear?" She said with a grin.

Lisa came in with a towel around her chest and one holding her hair. 

"She looks flush." Ashley thought.

"Lisa, are you ok?" she asked.

"Yeah, I'm fine; I think I got too much of a workout today. Maybe too much sun." I replied.

Julie looked at me and smiled.

"Well girls," she said. "I'm going to wash my hair and get ready for dinner."

She stood up from the couch and dropped her towel. 

"Anybody care to join me?" she laughed.

"I would love to." I said jokingly, playing it off for Ashley.

"Oh, that's right, I forgot, you two are lezzies now." Ashley said. "Have you been ogling Julie's ass again today, Lis?" 

"Hell yes, we've been downstairs all afternoon, all over each other, haven't we Lis?"

"That's right. It was incredible." I replied, trying my best not to blush and give us away.

Julie sauntered past me, shaking her ass all the way to the bathroom. I felt my pussy tingle again. I wanted to tell Ashley then and there and bury my tongue in her pussy again, but in knew I couldn't. Julie wouldn't like that. 

"She wants me to seduce Ash so she can have us both." I thought.

I looked at Ashley when Julie walked by and saw her watching every step.

"This may be easier than I expected." I thought.

"Now is my chance." I thought. 

"Margarita, Ash?"

I knew my only chance was to get her drunk. 

"Absolutely." She replied.

Ashley sat on one of the bar stools and leaned against the counter. I grabbed the tequila and margarita mix from the fridge and reached into the cabinet for a couple of glasses. I had to stretch somewhat and felt the towel rise. Half of my ass was now peeking out for Ashley. I hoped she was watching. 

I opened the freezer for some ice and my nipples instantly hardened. I poured some mix and tequila into the blender and dumped in the ice, punching the button to mix our drinks.

"You know," Ashley said. "Jules really is gorgeous isn't she?"

"Yeah, she's a hottie alright and what's worse, she knows it!" I grumbled.

"I could never walk around naked like that. I would turn eight shades of red. I would do anything for a body like hers." 

"Are you kidding Ash? You've got the best tits in school. I wish my boobs were as perfect as yours." 

"Thanks Lis, does that mean you're going to start staring at them like you have been Jules' ass?" she laughed. 

"Very funny, bitch."

"Hey listen, Ash, I've got an idea. Let's make Jules be the DD tonight and get trashed. Just you and me, what do you think?"

"Absolutely." She smiled, sipping her margarita.

I decided to try and speed things up a bit as my plan began to take shape. Ashley was all for getting drunk with me, now I needed to help with the stimulation. I dug into the cabinets for a shot glass. I slid a shot in front of Ashley and she eagerly tossed it back. Two more shots each and we started giggling.

I knew I had to tell Julie my plan so she would help. I told Ashley I was going to pee and headed for the bathroom. Julie was stepping out of the shower when I walked in and looked hotter than ever.

"Uh, Julie," I stammered, "I'm going to try to get Ashley drunk and horny and I need your help. Please." I was practically begging her. I wanted so bad to drop to my knees and lick her dripping pussy, but I wanted her to tell me to.

"I figured that would be your plan." Julie said. "I think I can help. But first I want you to finger yourself while I dry my hair. Sit right there on the tub and masturbate for me. Now." She demanded.

I quickly dropped my towel and sat on the edge of the tub. My fingers already thrust into my cunt. 

"She's going to let me get off again." I thought, letting a moan escape.

"Oh, but Lisa." There was the tone again.

"You will not cum, do you understand!"

"Yes, maam." I sounded like I was talking to a teacher. 

My eyes never left her pussy. I wanted so bad to lick it again. 

"Tonight." I thought.

When she finished drying her hair, she motioned for me to follow her to the bedroom. I was about to explode. I had been bringing myself to the edge of orgasm for 5 minutes, stopping short each time. 

"Ok Lisa. You can stop now. Give me your hand." Julie said.

She took my hand and brought it to her pussy. I felt a jolt run through me as she ran my fingers across her clit. She pulled my fingers to her lips and sucked them into her mouth like a lollipop. It was the sexiest thing I have ever seen.

"Now Lisa, are you ready to make Ashley mine too?" She asked, her eyes burning into mine.

"Anything you want, Julie." I replied. I was consumed. 

"I have got to have more of this woman." I thought.

I wrapped my towel back around me and hurried back to the kitchen and Ashley. She could tell something was up and asked if everything was ok.

"Yeah, Jules is just a little pissed about being the DD tonight. I think I convinced her though." I said.

"Convinced her." I thought to myself. "If she walked out here and told me to get on my knees and lick her ass, I'd do it. Ashley or not!"

I poured two more shots and downed mine in a hurry. I told Ashley I was going to get dressed and she decided she needed too also. Our rooms were side by side and we both began fumbling for something to wear. I had already made my mind up that I had to look sexy to pull this off.

I decided on my hot pink mini skirt and white blouse that tied beneath my boobs, showing plenty of stomach and leg. I brushed my hair and put on my makeup. My pink gloss lipstick matched my skirt perfectly and I pulled my hair into a pony tail and tied it with a pink scrunchy.

Ashley came out with jean shorts and a v-cut tank top. She had a push-up bra on that made her boobs look incredible. She looked at me and smiled.

"Trying to get laid tonight, huh?" She asked.

"You have no idea." I mumbled. "Maybe we'll both get lucky."

Julie finally emerged from her room and she looked like a hooker. She was wearing a light cotton dress that barely covered her ass. It was fire-engine red to match her lipstick and heels. She was wearing a push-up bra to enhance her cleavage and when she walked, the dress fluttered in the breeze, showing off her tan legs and just a hint of ass cheek. 

"This is how she's going to help." I thought.

My eyes were glued to her body. I could almost smell her sex as she got closer. My pussy was on fire. I just knew Ashley would notice. Julie certainly did. Ash broke the silence.

"Well, it looks like we're all looking for some tonight." She laughed.

Julie looked at me and winked. I wanted to lift her skirt right then and there. Ashley could like it or not. 

"Julie would never let me do that." I decided. "She is enjoying this too much."

We each downed a shot of tequila before leaving for the evening. Ashley and I were starting to get just a little happy, giggling like a couple of junior high girls.

Ash led the way out the door with Julie following. I brought up the rear. As we walked down the stairs, Jules glanced over her shoulder and reached behind her back. She grabbed the hem of her dress flipped it up. She was only wearing a matching red g-string.

"I can't wait to get home tonight." I mumbled.