 I ran to Julie's bedroom and tore into her suitcase. I knew what she had sent me for and I couldn't wait to get it back to her. I dug through her clothes, her underwear and her bras. Then I found it! Tucked into the inside pocket, wrapped in a pair of silk panties was my prize. I could feel the stiff plastic through the fabric. I could not stop myself. I rubbed the dildo, panties and all, over my desperate mound. I closed my eyes shuddering at the thought of Julie wearing it. I could feel it sliding in and out, each thrust mashing her nipples into my back. I dug deeper into her suitcase and discovered something I thought a little unusual. Buried in the same pocket were two smaller strap-ons and a couple of other "toys".

"Julie had all of this planned." I thought to myself. The thought made my pussy tingle. Julie has always had a sex sense that told her when someone wanted to fuck her; and she was never wrong. "She knew we wanted her even before we did. We both submitted to her just like she wanted; just like she knew we would." Realizing Julie's plan and our now willing roles in it made me wetter and hornier than ever. I rubbed the dildo even faster, feeling the warmth of the silk as it slid over my clit.

I wanted to unwrap it and shove it in. I wanted to lick its length, hoping for a lingering taste of Julie's nectar. 

I darted back to the living room, ready to be had. I could not believe my eyes as I rounded the hallway corner. Julie was sitting on the edge of the recliner with one leg thrown over the chair arm. She had nothing on but her red patent leather heels. Her legs were spread wide and she was slowly fingering her pussy. Ashley was lying across the ottoman in front of her, watching her every stroke. I felt like I was watching a scene from a dream. 

Julie reveled in Ashley's lust. She had fallen under Julie's spell as quickly and deeply as I had, maybe even more so. She was gently stroking Julie's calf and rubbing her own nipples. Julie was talking in a soft, sexy tone. "You loved it didn't you Ash? You can't wait for Lisa to lick that hot little clit again, can you? You want her tongue on your nipples don't you? They're your real hot spots, aren't they, Ash?" Ashley looked down at her aching tits, desperately wanting to pull one to her lips.

"I've known that for a long time." Julie laughed. "I've watched you play with them in the shower. You get off on it, don't you? You knew I was watching. You were doing it for me, weren't you?" She was in total control. She was drawing her excitement from our submission to her. The more control she exerted, the hotter she got. She wanted us on our knees, worshipping her, begging to touch her. 

Julie reached down and slid the ottoman right to the edge of her chair, sitting up and placing her legs on either side. She pointed at the cushion, commanding Ashley to come forward. Ashley obediently crawled closer and lay back down. Her nose was inches from Julie's pussy. She breathed in deeply, licking her lips. She was about to enter heaven. I knew; I had been there before. I could see goose bumps form on her back and legs. The anticipation was building throughout her body. I saw the look in her eyes; the hunger, the need. I saw myself in her. 

"That's it Ash, breath it in. You feel it, don't you Ashley?" Julie purred. "The heat between your legs, the warm feelings deep inside, your whole body tingling; you need to fuck me don't you? To kiss me; and lick my pussy; you need to please me. I can feel your eyes burning on my pussy. Your nipples are aching to be sucked, aren't they? Your body is screaming at you Ashley; begging for release." Julie drew her fingers from her pussy and held them out to Ashley. "This is what you want, isn't it Ash?"

Ashley lifted her head, pulling her eyes away from Julie's mound. She opened her mouth and eagerly sucked in Julie's fingers. She moaned aloud as she tasted a woman for the very first time. Her moans told me everything, she wanted more, she had totally given in; her submission was complete. 

I was standing in the doorway enjoying the show and tickling my pussy with Julie's dildo. She saw me and smiled, "Oh great, Lisa, you found it! I trust you left everything else in its place? Please, bring me your prize and you join Ashley. I've got some things I want to tell you both."

I did as I was told and kneeled on the floor next to Ashley. I could feel the heat from her body beside me and my pussy responded immediately. I looked at Ashley and our eyes met. We could each see the others lust. There was an instant bond as we both felt the same desire. Julie was what we wanted and all three of us could feel it.

"First of all, I think each of you know that I'm now the boss; always. Is that understood?" Ashley and I nodded. We would have agreed to almost anything. 

"Good! Then there are some rules, and I expect each of you to follow them without question.

Rule Number 1 -- No Guys! Ever again."

Ashley and I looked at each other in shock.

"But Julie..." I proclaimed, "We're not dykes!" Although, my body told me otherwise. I wanted this woman, but not just this woman. I wanted to have Ashley again. I wanted to suck on those beautiful titties; I wanted Julie to fuck me with her dildo, I wanted our waitress to come over and finish our brief encounter. I was horny beyond belief and all because of two sexy women and one incredible goddess. 

"Lisa," she scolded, "please remember who's in charge here. Things have changed some since this afternoon. I had no idea you were such a horny little puss' licker this morning, and I had no idea how much I'd like it. But I loved it; and you both did too. You want me. You want to bury your face right back into my cunt and lick me dry, don't you? You're dying for me to strap on that dildo and drive it into your hot little twat. Well, I want that too. I want you both to have me, and I'm going to have you both, a lot. You and Ashley are going to be, from now on, my little lesbian sex toys. You will do what I say, when I say it. Is that understood?"

We both nodded in unison.

"If you do, I promise, you'll get what you both want." She explained, spreading her lips for all of our pleasure. "We all will." We all got her point.

"Besides Lisa," she went on, "You've got all the man you'll ever need again right there in your hands. Now please no more interruptions."

Rule Number 2 - You can have as much sex as you want when I'm not around, but...only with each other!

"Rule Number 3 - You can only have sex with girls that I allow. I will let you seduce any girl you want, but only after you've cleared her with me. 

Rule Number 4 -- You will each get me off at least once per day; every day!" 

Ashley and I looked at each other and smiled. We both looked forward to Rule #4.

"Are we all clear on the rules then?"

Again we nodded our acceptance.

"Wonderful!" Julie beamed. "Now I know you're both ready to dive right in but before we get to that, I've got to teach Ashley a lesson for calling me those nasty names earlier, isn't that right Ashley?"

Ashley hung her head. She didn't care what Julie did to her, all she wanted was another taste.

"See Lis! She knows she needs to be punished. In fact, I think our little Ashley here, might enjoy a little punishment. Wouldn't you, Ash?"

Ashley's face went deep red. Once again, Julie's sixth sex sense told her what Ashley wanted and she was dead on right.

"You've been a bad girl haven't you, Ashley? Miss Julie needs to spank bad girls, doesn't she Ash?"

Ashley whispered a reply, "Ye-Yes, Miss Julie." 

I was in awe. Julie knew exactly which buttons Ashley and I wanted her to push. We willingly gave ourselves over to this woman and neither of us could get enough.

Julie lifted her leg over us and pushed herself up from her seat. She stood beside Ashley and placed her foot on the ottoman beside her. Ashley and I watched her every motion. Her body moved in smooth, fluid motions, like a cat stalking her prey. With each and every movement, another taut, lithe muscle was displayed. Her legs and her ass were accented by her 3" heels while her fingers never left her glorious pink lips. I was overcome.

"Julie," I begged, "please fuck me! I can't stand it any longer. I need to feel your body on mine. Please make me cum for you! I'll do anything."

"Yes Lisa; you will do anything." She replied calmly. "But right now, I need your help with Miss Ashley here. She called me a... 'Fucking pervert', I believe it was and now she wants to be punished. I wonder who looks like the pervert now. I guess maybe all of us do, huh? Well Lisa, since you've been such a good little slut, you get to spank Ashley for me while I give you both a treat. And I don't want any little love taps either, I want to see her ass red, understood?" 

"Yes Julie." I whispered.

She unwrapped the dildo and slid it over her lips. "I'm going to enjoy my little show, and you girls get to watch while I fuck myself. Please proceed Lisa."

For a second I was unsure what to do. I looked down at Ashley. Her eyes told me to do as Julie directed. There was more than a little excitement in her expression. She was most definitely going to enjoy this. I had no idea how much I would enjoy it too!

Julie slowly pushed the strap-on into her pussy. Ashley and I both gasped in blissful amazement as she took the full 10 inches. 

"AAAAAOOOOOHHH!" she moaned. "OOOH yes! Oh fuck Lisa, that feels almost as good as your sweet tongue."

I was like an animal in heat. I was hornier than I had ever been in my life. I had to have her. If spanking Ashley got me to Julie faster, then that is exactly what I would do. 

I raised my hand and slapped Ashley on the ass. SMACK! She squealed in delight as my palm stung her bare cheeks. I felt a surge of stimulation run straight to my pussy. 

SMACK! I slapped again. 

"AAAAAAOOOW! Please Lisa!" Ashley begged, "More," she said softly.

"Yes Ashley, you will get more." Julie replied.

SMACK! 

Harder I spanked. Ashley's ass was red and glowing. I could see my hand prints on her skin. I looked down and saw her juices running down her thighs. She was in ecstasy. I felt my own body responding. The thrill of spanking my friend was something I never dreamed would feel so good. I felt the power, the control course through me.

SMACK! "You want more Ash?" 

"Oh God Lisa, please!" She pleaded. "More, now please!"

"Yes Lisa, give her more." Julie said between moans. She was getting off watching our show. She was ramming the dildo into her pussy. Her small breasts heaved as her breathing grew faster. She would be cumming soon too. "Keep spanking until she creams all over herself."

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

I reached down and began to rub Ashley's clit. I could feel her body shaking, her orgasm was building. 

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! On the last slap I slipped two fingers into her creamy pussy.

"AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH YES! Fuck me Lisa! Spank my ass, please! Fuck me more!" I shoved a third finger in and began fucking her as hard as I could, as hard as I wanted it.

Ashley screamed as the orgasm swept through her body. She collapsed on the ottoman in front of her, shaking like a leaf from head to toe, her body convulsing as wave after wave crashed through her pussy.

Julie screamed in delight. She came in perfect unison with Ashley. Her body was shivering and her pussy was gleaming, covered with her juices. 

After a moment, she caught her breath. She pulled the dildo from its nest and slowly stood in front of us. She wrapped the straps around her hips and thighs, fastening it in back. She reached down and lifted Ashley's face, placing it on her lips. Ashley hungrily licked its full length and sucked it into her mouth. I envied her tasting Julie's cum. I wanted it. I needed it; and so did Ash.