 "Ok Jules." I said. "Just let me rinse off for a few minutes please."

"Well, don't take to long. We've got a fun night ahead of us. Don't you think?" She replied.

"Please Julie, don't tell Ashley until I get upstairs."

"Oh Lisa baby, you've got it all wrong. I'm not going to tell Ashley anything. You are going to tell her about this little episode. That's your punishment." Julie proclaimed.

"Besides," she continued, "I bet you 10 to 1, she likes the idea."

Julie was grinning like a Cheshire cat. I began to realize, that some part of me wanted to tell Ashley. I wanted to see if she liked the idea. I wanted Julie to have us both.

"Here's the deal, Lis. You are going to try and... No, let me rephrase that, you are going to seduce Ashley tonight. By midnight, if you aren't on the floor, licking her pussy clean, I am going to tell her myself. And if I have to do that, the punishment will be much more severe."

"She is enjoying this power trip." I thought. "Making me seduce Ashley only raises the stakes of the game."

"What happens if I succeed?" I asked.

Julie smiled. "That's my girl."

She got up and started to towel herself off. I didn't think she could look any sexier. I watched as she rubbed the towel over her breasts, her nipples still standing at attention. She slowly dried her ass for me. She knew I was enjoying her show. I heard the faintest sigh when the toweled reached her pussy. She was still hot.

She wrapped the towel around her chest and opened the door. On her way out, she peeked back at me. 

"Making sure I'm still watching." I thought.

She reached back and raised the towel a few inches to tease me a little more. It worked.

When the door closed, I was finally free of her. I tried to tell myself that this was all a dream. 

I stood under the shower for the next ten minutes, reliving the last hour, every second more exciting than the last. Julie tasted so sweet. Her skin was like satin. Her legs and ass were accented by her bikini tan lines. Even her small boobs were perfectly shaped and tipped with perky little nipples. 

Her body felt electric with each touch. I wanted her again. 

"I don't care what Ashley thinks." I decided.

I somehow managed to resist the urge to finger myself again. The thought of lapping her magnificent pussy again tonight was almost overwhelming. I tried to focus on Ashley.

"How am I going to seduce her?" I wondered. "I've got to think of something. I don't have the body Jules has much less the attitude. Maybe if we get drunk, she'll loosen up."

I could not believe myself. I was actually plotting to seduce my roommate, just so I can lick my best friend's pussy again. I could feel the heat building within me. 

"This could be fun." I thought. "Ashley may even enjoy it."

When Julie closed the shower door behind her, she felt like a queen. She had never experienced an orgasm like the one Lisa had just given her. Not with any guy, not with her favorite vibrator, not even with that 10 inch dildo she kept in her night stand.

Halfway up the stairs, she stopped and leaned against the wall. Her knees were still shaking and her pussy was still on fire.

"That was amazing." She thought. "Lisa was on her knees, licking my pussy and fingering my ass. I've never been so horny in my life. She would've done whatever I asked and then some. She was so hot for me; she needed me to cum for her."

Julie felt this new power tickle her spine. She needed more. 

"Before this night is over," she thought. "Ashley or not, Lisa's going to be back on her knees, licking my clit again. Ashley will want it too. She'll be just as horny. If she's good, I just may let her have some. They'll be begging me for it."

Julie walked in from the back deck and found Ashley still napping on the couch. She had showered and was wearing only panties and a tank top, her double-d breasts stretching the material to its limit. Julie watched her sleep for a moment, her boobs rising with each breath. 

"I can't wait to see Lisa sucking on those beauties." She thought.

She sat softly beside Ashley on the edge of the sofa and gently stroked her hair. She ran her fingers down Ashley's back, feeling her body shudder. When her hand reached Ashley's plump round ass she lightly spanked her bottom.

"Wake up Ash." She whispered. "We have to get ready to go out tonight."

Ashley had gone in for a nap early in the afternoon. She didn't want to overdo the sun exposure. Her skin was a little fairer than either Julie or Lisa and she was terrified of skin cancer. She was also dying to get out of her swimsuit.

She had needed a new suit for a while and decided to buy one at the local surf-shop. While Julie and Lisa were renting their surfboard, she picked out a nice red one piece. It had a low cut back and thin straps on the shoulder. Ashley only liked to wear one piece suits. She thought bikinis made her hips look too big and she liked the way one piece suits accented her boobs. Her 36 dd's were her best asset and everyone knew it. At 20 years old, they stood on their own and unlike most girls with big boobs, hers were 100% real. They were round and full with a nice "V" shape in her cleavage. Her small pink nipples seemed to always be hard and there was absolutely no sag. She was proud of them and always wore outfits that put them on display.

What only Ashley knew, however, was that they were also her most sensitive, erogenous zone. She could make herself cum just from pinching her nipples. 

She had had plenty of boyfriends and lots of sex, but none since she and Edward had broken up. He seemed nice at first but turned into the typical frat-type asshole. His only redeeming attribute was his love of her boobs. He would lick them for hours, gently suckling her nipples. He had no idea that this was her favorite part of their sex life. Like most guys he assumed, wrongly of course, that intercourse was what she loved.

Since their break-up, Ashley had grown used to masturbating regularly. She knew how to please herself better than anyone. She began by slowly rubbing her vibrator over her clit, her body awakening to her arousal. As her excitement grew, she would slide the vibrator into her pussy. She would slowly fuck herself to prolong her pleasure. This was just the prelude. She would leave her vibe inside her, squeezing her thighs so it would stay in place. She would then lie for hours at a time, kneading her breasts and pinching her nipples. She squirted baby oil onto her hands and massaged it into her boobs. The oil made her skin feel like silk. She could lick her own nipples and loved to. She would bring her nipples to her mouth and suck like a baby. Her orgasms were long and intense, at least as good as with Edward, or any other ex for that matter.

"I've got to get this suit off." She said to herself when she left the beach.

Her new suit's lining was made of a smoothed polyester material that was quite slippery when it got wet. When she moved even slightly, it rubbed her nipples making her shiver. It was almost the same sensation she got from her baby oil massages. 

She had almost cum on herself lying on the boogie board. She told Lisa and Julie she was going in for a nap but mostly she wanted to peel off this suit and play with her nipples. When she stepped into the shower, she brought one nipple to her lips and her other hand went straight to her clit.

"Lisa and Jules won't be up for awhile," she thought, sucking her nipple into her mouth.

She came at least three times in the shower and once lying on the bed. When the orgasms subsided, she put on her panties and tank top and went to lie down on the couch.

"At least here, Lisa and Jules won't get suspicious." She thought.

"Come on Ash, wake up." Julie said again, this time spanking her ass a little sharper. 

"Ouch." She squealed. "That stings."

"Then wake up, or I just may have to spank harder."