 Tone let out a sigh as the hot water began to wash over her tired body. It had been a long day with so many things to be done. But she had completed everything, and was still able to have time for herself. She was going to eat a good dinner, write and chat on the computer, and then sink into bed to dream of many thrills. She had the whole weekend to herself. Tone smiled as she began to fantasize about her friend, Sylvia, and how much she wanted to be with her in many ways. They would have to meet soon, for a fire was burning deep inside both of them.

Tone imagined that she could hear her favorite CD playing,it was so real sounding! Suddenly, she felt a pair of hands wrap around her waist as a voice whispered in her ear.

“Hello Baby."

Of course, a startled scream escaped Tone's lips before it registered who the voice was. It just couldn’t be possible. Sylvia was in another state....or was she? She turned around and looked into blue-grey eyes and a smile. It was Sylvia! She let out a small scream of joy this time, and hugged her friend close, not wanting to let go. 

“How did you get here? Where did you come from? I can’t believe it’s you!” 

Tone’s mind had so many questions, but before she could ask more, Sylvia placed her finger to Tone’s lips and quietly said, “Shhhhh.”

While picking up the poof, she guided Tone to turn around. Sylvia then began to lovingly wash Tone’s back, using a special soap and gentle touches. She took her time, working down Tone’s back, over her butt, and on down the back of her legs. Then she turned Tone around, so her back could rinse, as she began on the front. First was the right arm, all up and down, and on down the side to Tone’s waist. Then it was the left arm’s turn. Sylvia put some more soap into her hands, rubbed them together, and began to slowly knead Tone’s two beautiful globes. Tone quickly took a breath and let out a small moan. The touch was so firm, yet gentle. Of course, her nipples hardened to their largest size ever, or so she thought. Sylvia continued her way down, purposely holding off touching Tone’s hidden treasures. Instead, she worked up and down Tone’s legs, letting her knuckles lightly brush against Tone’s outer lips. There was a louder moan that escaped her lips and one word came out........”Please”.

Sylvia smiled and began to explore with the poof, gently washing the clit and all. Then she stood up and turned Tone into the spray so she could get rinsed. Tone let out a small cry, for she had started to feel a deep need to be touched. Sylvia knew this and surprised Tone. She pushed Tone against the wall and pinned her arms above her head. Then she began to slowly kiss, lick, and suck on Tone’s heaving breasts. She made sure to give each one a lot of attention, loving the noises that she was causing. Her leg worked itself between Tone’s, as she released Tone’s arms and began to kiss her deeply. Tone’s arms went around Sylvia’s waist and pulled her in as close as possible, and then some. Their passions were mounting, quickly reaching the point of no return. But Sylvia wasn’t done. She wiggled out of Tone’s embrace, had her sit on the large seat in the shower, and parted Tone’s legs to view the sight. Sylvia got on her knees and began to gently lick the outer lips, tasting the honey already flowing. She could tell Tone was really turned on and would not last much longer. She parted the outer lips and began to lick slowly from the bottom to the top of the slit.....making sure she spent time flicking her tongue at the hardened button on every up-stroke. Tone began to moan louder and move her hips, wanting as much contact as possible. Sylvia plunged her tongue deep inside and began to move in and out with it, increasing the speed as she tasted more of the honey coming out. Tone couldn’t take anymore and screamed out the start of her release. Her hips began to buck, but Sylvia kept a good hold on her and continued to move her tongue all over. It seemed that Tone’s release would never end, it was so intense and deep. However, end it did, and Tone began to float back down to earth. She opened her eyes to see Sylvia smiling at her. 

Tone said, “How about we get out of this cooling shower and move to the bedroom? I want to give you so much pleasure in return.” 

They both knew that it was going to be a wonderful visit.