 The local hot spot was a pizza joint with a bar named Santino's. It was actually two buildings side by side, joined into one. At 10:00 they closed the kitchen and opened up the dance floor on the other side and they sometimes had a band. The pizza was good, but mostly everyone went for the party.

When Julie, Ashley and I walked in, everyone in the place was watching us. Well, mostly Julie. The guys were drooling and the girls were bitching. I heard the words "slutty" and "tramps" a couple of times. Ashley and I were even turning some heads. 

We sat in a booth and waited for our waitress. Santino's was locally infamous for only hiring attractive females. Seemed like smart business to me, guys will go where the women are. 

Our waitress was a local girl named Shelly. She was tall, at least 5'10", and had long tan legs. Her hair was deeply red with a few streaks of blond. It had a nice wavy body and was pulled back in a pony tail. She had the sculpted legs and arms of an athlete. Her skin was fair but reddened by the sun. She looked to be a student, probably around 24. 

"Maybe a volleyball player." I thought.

Her face was very cute. She had green eyes and a small pointed nose. Her lips were thin and were covered in a cherry colored lipstick. She wore a skintight t-shirt with "Santino's" in big bold letters across her chest and a pair of cut-off khaki shorts with a small hole on her bottom. I could see that her panties were red satin bikinis. 

"Welcome to Santino's. My name is Shelly and I'll be your server this evening. What can I get you ladies?" She asked.

"Large Pepperoni and mushroom, a coke and a pitcher of beer, please." Julie replied.

Shelly wrote down our order and headed for the kitchen. I knew I was not the only one at the table enjoying the view as she walked away. She returned a couple of minutes later with Julie's coke and a pitcher of beer with two frosty mugs. 

I poured Ashley and me a beer and looked over at Julie. Her look told me that she approved of how things were progressing. I knew that I couldn't foul this up. I didn't much care at this point about telling Ashley, but what I really wanted was Julie.

Jules took a swallow of her drink stood up and grabbed her purse. She turned around and started towards the jukebox. The band wasn't due to start for an hour yet so the box was still on.

She looked back at Ash and me and smiled. "I'm going to play some tunes. Any requests?" 

"Whatever." Ashley replied. "Anything's ok with me." 

Ashley and I watched Julie walk across the dance floor to the juke box. I could almost see through her dress to her ass. I closed my eyes and was back in the shower. My pussy twitched and I could feel the juices begin to gather. When I opened my eyes, I looked over at Ashley. Her eyes were following each shake of Julie's ass. 

"She wants her too!" I thought. "Now is my chance."

"Ashley, I have got to tell you what Julie told me today?" I started.

"She was going on and on about sex and let me tell you, she's a little freak." I said. "She has been seducing guys and basically making them her slaves. She makes them do whatever she says. She gets off on the control."

"No way!" Ashley said. "Are you serious?"

"She made one guy jerk-off for her and cum on her ass. She made one guy lick her toes, and you won't believe the worst one; she actually made a guy get on his knees and she fucked him with a strap-on."

"Holy fuck! What a perv!" Ashley laughed.

She looked over at Julie leaning against the juke box, her picture perfect ass swinging with the beat of the music. Ashley watched intently for moment. I could almost see the gears turning in her brain. 

"She's imagining Julie naked right now." I thought to myself. "She's picturing Jules fucking that guy with a strap-on."

"And get this Ash. She did it to a girl too! She actually seduced a girl and got her to do all kinds of things."

Ashley was in shock. She gulped down her beer and gave me an intense, 'Please tell me more' look. 

"Like what?" She asked softly. I could hear the change in her voice. She liked what she heard and wanted to hear more.

"She made the girl finger herself to at least a dozen orgasms, or so she says. All Julie had to do was flash her pussy to this girl and she was in total control. The girl did anything Julie wanted. She made the girl get on her knees and lick her pussy; and the girl did it! According to Julie, she loved it. Oh, and the girl fingered her ass while she was licking her." I said in a whisper. I was trying to use my sexiest voice, hoping to speed her arousal.

"Oh my God, Lisa. Who? You have got to tell me who it was?"

"She wouldn't say." I lied. "But I do know that we both know her."

"I bet it's that hot chick from the swim team. What's her name, Jill or something?"

"I don't know. Could be I guess. Can you believe that shit?"

Ashley leaned in.  "She really is a freak, isn't she?" She asked.

"Shhh." I said. "Here she comes. Please don't tell her I told you this, Ash."

"Ashley," Julie smiled, "was Lisa staring at my ass again while I was over at the juke box?"

"Yeah Jules, we both were. In fact I believe our waitress and everyone else in the place was." Ashley said half-joking.

"Wow, that's great! I guess I'll be getting lucky tonight but I just don't know which one I want. How about both of you?" Julie smiled.

"You girls need a refill?" Shelley asked, standing beside the table holding our pizza. She glanced over at Julie. She had obviously heard at least part of our chat.

"I'd say you're already a lucky lady if you get your pick of these girls. I'd like to be that lucky." She said and headed back to the bar.

"Oh my god!" Ashley giggled. "Our waitress just made a pass at all of us."

"Want to take her up on it?" Julie laughed.

I knew she was dead serious even if Ash didn't. If she got the chance, she'd take this long legged, red haired cutie back to our house and have her on her knees within the hour. 

"She'd probably make me lick waitress-girl's pussy while she gets herself off." I thought. My pussy was getting wetter by the minute. I began to wish that she would.

"Oh shit." I thought, "Minute. What time is it?"

I looked around the restaurant and found a clock hanging behind the bar. 9:50. I was starting to run out of time and decided to push the issue. I was going to seduce Ashley one way or another.

I grabbed a slice of pizza from the tray and took a bite. "Julie, if you want her," I said, "go ahead, take her back to the house, Ash and I will just stay here and drink. We can get a cab home." 

I had called her out. I felt a small surge of power as I thought for a second that I had gotten the upper hand.

Julie looked at me and smiled. I could tell she was fuming. At the same time, I'm sure she considered it. 

"Lisa." Julie whispered. "Why don't you go and get us a mixed drink? I want to chat with Ashley for a minute."

I was terrified. She wanted to spill everything to Ashley right here in the restaurant. I knew she was going to tell her. Hell, she would probably stand on the table and announce it to everyone. Bitch!

"Ashley is going to think I'm a freak." I said to myself. "And just when I was starting to get somewhere."

"And Lis." Julie continued. "Tell Shelley I don't like to share, but I might consider it, just this once."

"Fuck it! Julie can tell her everything." I thought.

"I'm just fucking with Lisa." Julie said as I headed to the bar. "Play along."

"Oh and Lisa." She said in a sexy, Marilyn Monroe voice. "Tell Shelly I'll have a 'Buttery Nipple' please." She was looking straight at Ashley's chest.

"I bet you'd like a 'Sex on the beach', wouldn't you?" She purred.

A wide smile crossed her lips and she blew me a kiss. She turned back to Ashley who was still trying to get a handle on the moment. Julie could see she was confused and decided to pounce. 

"Ash." She started. "I know Lisa was telling you about our discussion this afternoon and I just want to clear some things up."

Ashley sat in silence as Julie told her end of the tale.

"First of all, let me tell you; I did everything that Lisa told you and more. But before you freak, I have to say, it was the most incredible feeling I have ever felt. I promise you, I never made anyone do anything. They just wanted to. They wanted me. I mean, they neeeeeded me, especially that girl."

She paused, waiting for Ashley's reaction. 

"All I did was strip for her and she was dripping. I pulled off my panties in front of her, that's all. I was butt naked, just like this afternoon at the house. Man, she was so hot for me; she pulled her panties down and started to finger herself right in front of me. She was just about to cum when she got down on her knees and started to lick me. It was so fucking hot! I have never cum so hard in my life."

Ashley's mouth dropped open. She could not believe what she was hearing. Julie was thrilled with herself. She had just admitted that she had had her pussy eaten by another girl; and loved it!

In her mind, Ashley could see Julie's naked body leaning against the bar. Her stomach was gleaming with tiny beads of sweat. Her nipples were hard. Her body was like a statue of Venus, exquisitely shaped and sculpted. Another woman was kneeling in front of her, worshipping her perfect form. The woman's tongue was darting in and out of her pussy. Julie's face was twisted in ecstasy. Ashley felt her nipples harden.

Julie saw it too. Ashley was hers.

I ordered another pitcher and the drinks that Jules wanted. I kept watching her and Ashley as they talked, waiting for Ash to scream. 

I stood at the bar waiting for our drinks for what seemed like an hour. While I waited I told Shelly what Julie had said, trying my best to sound sexy. She looked over at Julie and Ashley and smiled. 

Shelly was helping the bartender on duty who had gotten quite busy. She was a petite, Asian woman who looked to be about thirty. Her hair was the color of coal and was straight as an arrow. It fell to the middle of her back with short clipped bangs in the front. She was only about 5'2" and could not have weighed more than 110 lbs. Her name was Nikki and she was not in a good mood.

"Damn it, Shel!" She screamed. "Pick up the pace a little. Quit flirting with that little tramp and get a move on."

Shelly slid the drinks in front of me. She was no longer smiling. She looked at me and shrugged.

"$17.50 Please."

I laid a $20 on the bar, "Keep it." I said. 

As I walked back towards our table I could see things were still a little tense. Julie looked up at me as I set the drinks down.

"One Buttery Nipple and a pitcher." I said, as cheerily as I could manage.

"Having your Sex on the beach later?" Julie taunted.

"Very Funny." I replied.

"What's up Ash? You look dazed." I said, turning to face Ashley. I couldn't help but notice that her nipples were hard as rocks.

"Oh, no I'm fine." She muttered.

Jules wiggled out of the booth and said she was heading for the rest room. She claimed she needed to freshen her lipstick. Ashley and I both watched as she walked away. Two steps from the bathroom door; she fumbled in her purse and dropped her lipstick on the floor. She bent down to pick it up and gave us each a full view of her glorious ass. Ashley squirmed in her seat; she obviously liked what she was seeing.

"Now is my chance." I thought

"Ash, did Jules deny everything?" I asked. "Or did she just try to play it off?"

"Huh? Oh, no. Not at all, in fact, she owned up to all of it. I think she even enjoyed it!" She said, her voice wavering with emotion.

"Did she tell you who the girl was?" I was still nervous, but I had to find out.

"No, she wouldn't. She did say you and I both know her though."

I decided to go for broke. It was now 10:20 and I was quickly running out of time.

"Ash." I whispered. "Have you ever touched another woman?"

I was praying that she had had enough booze. I closed my eyes for a second, anticipating her disgust. 

"Not really." 

I was floored. I opened my eyes and looked deep into hers. She was serious.

"What the fuck does that mean? Not really, either you have or not!" I screamed.

"Keep you're fucking voice down and I'll tell you."

"OK, but hurry up before Jules gets back, unless you want her to know too."

Ashley shook her head. She leaned in close and told me her story.

"When I was a junior in high school, I was friends with some of the girls on the soccer team. Everyone in school thought they were all dykes but they weren't. I think only two of them really were.  Anyway, I was at a party one night with a girl named Tonya. She was the goalkeeper on the soccer team and we hung out quite a bit. She had long black hair and was almost 6 feet tall. Well, she and I got a little buzzed and were having a good time. Later on in the night, we went to the bathroom together and that's where it happened."

Ashley looked at me to gauge my response. I just sat staring at her in shock. Her eyes lit up as she continued.

"Tell me damn it! What happened?" I begged.

"Tonya looked me dead in the eye and told me she wanted me."

"She did what!?"

"She told me she wanted me and then she kissed me. I was backed up against the vanity and she had me pinned. She started kissing my neck and ran her hands down my back. I had no fucking clue what to do. She was all over me. She told me she was dying to lick my titties. She reached down and raked her fingers up my thighs, trying to lift my skirt."

"I squirmed away from her and ran from the party. We never talked to each other again."

"Oh my God! You little tramp! Why haven't you ever told me about that?"

"I thought you would think I was weird." She said. I could see she still was a little scared.

"Weird?" I thought to myself. "A couple of hours ago, I was fingering Julie's ass and she's worried about a kiss being weird!"

"Don't worry, Ash, I wouldn't ever think you were weird." 

"How was it?" I asked.

"She had really soft lips. It was kind of nice."

I caught myself looking down at her boobs. I could see what her friend liked. They were quite extraordinary. 

"Ashley, will you go to the bathroom with me? I'm dying to lick your titties!" I laughed.

"Fuck you Lis."

"Hey, enough of this, let's you and me dance." I said.

The band was running late and the juke box was still playing. A couple of girls and a guy were the only ones out dancing. Ashley and I left our drinks and headed for the dance floor. Ashley loves to dance and is an incredible dancer. She has a natural grace and rhythm that is rare. I'm a fair dancer but nothing compared to Ash. I was bumping and grinding to each song, rubbing against her every way I could. Her body language became more and more willing. She grabbed my waist from behind and ground her pussy into my ass. I could feel her rock hard nipples poking me in the back. 

"She must be getting really horny." I thought.

Julie came up behind her and sandwiched her between us. I heard a faint moan breathed into my ear.

I turned to face her; Julie still grinding their hips together. I could see the look in Ashley's eyes. I'm sure it was the same look Julie had seen in my eyes earlier today. I really felt like I could make this happen. 

My mind was wandering. I could see Ashley and me on the floor. Julie is standing in front of us like a goddess. Her pussy is begging for my tongue. Ashley is squeezing her beautiful tits and licking her nipples.

"That's it." I thought. "I'm taking them both home right now."

"Come on girls, we've got liquor back at the house. Let's take our pizza home and drink so Jules can get drunk too." I blurted.

"Great idea, Lis." Ashley replied. She wanted to get home. "Let me go pee and we can settle up."

Ashley headed for the Ladies room and Julie and I sat back in our booth. I motioned to Shelly that we would like our check. 

Shelly walked over and tore the check from her order book. "I'll take that whenever you girls are ready. Shall I box up the rest of your pizza?" She asked. 

"Yes, please. A box would be wonderful." Julie replied with a smile. 

Julie and I were both sweating from the dancing and she looked hotter than ever. Her hair was slightly mussed and was wet at the tips. It dripped on her shoulders and ran down her chest. Her fingers snaked through her hair and pulled it back from her face. She ran her hand down her neck to wipe the sweat from her shoulders. I wanted to climb over the table and drink in every sweaty drop. I ran my tongue across my lips and swallowed hard. I could almost taste the salt from her skin in my mouth. She knew I was aching for her. 

"I've got something for you." She said as she reached across the table. Her hand was closed in a fist. When she opened it, she twirled her g-string on her finger.

"Care for a taste?" She smiled. "I bet you'd like to suck on these right now wouldn't you?"

I nodded. She knew I would.

"Tell you what. You go and tell Shelly that when she gets off, I want her to come and get off." She said with a wink. "In fact, share my panties with her, if you like. I'm sure she'd like to sniff them too. And if that's not enough tell her she can come and watch you get fucked, Lisa. Cause in about an hour, you'll be on your knees getting stuffed with a 10" dildo." 

"She's going to fuck me!" I said to myself. My pussy was on fire. I wanted to run to the bathroom and shove my hand down my panties. I could see myself on my knees; my ass stuck in the air. Julie is behind me rubbing her strap-on over my lips, smearing my juices between my cheeks. I could feel her behind me, ramming the dildo into my cunt, her hips smacking my ass with each thrust.

I have to get home. Now!

I snatched the panties from her and ran to the bar. Twice, I pretended to sneeze and held them to my nose. I breathed in their perfume and almost felt faint. I was drunk with desire. My body tingled with anticipation. 

"What is happening to me?" I thought. "I have licked a woman's pussy and fingered myself silly in front of her. Now, here I am sniffing her panties and I can't wait to get home so she can fuck me with her dildo." 

I had become a nympho, wanting more of Julie, needing her body. I was addicted.  I wanted her to fuck me. I needed it. 

"She wants to fuck me." 

I tossed Shelly a $50 bill and told her to keep the change. I leaned over the bar to her and whispered, "Can I speak to you for a second, in private?" My eyes were pleading. I would have crawled onto the bar and begged if that's what it took.

"Sure." She smiled, motioning to the end of the bar.

"Julie wanted me to share these with you." I said and handed her the panties. I really didn't care how she reacted at this point. If she had slapped my face, I'd have said thanks and ran to the car.

Shelly grabbed Julie's panties and rubbed them between her fingers, feeling their dampness. I was envious. I wanted to suck her fingers into my mouth, hoping for a taste of Julie's sweetness.

She slid them into her pocket with a grin and asked, "Is that it?"

"Uh, no." I stuttered. "She wanted me to tell you that I will be getting fucked in less than an hour. And she wants you to watch." My body shivered as I said the words. I could feel goose bumps spread over me. 

"She said when you get off, you are to come to our house and get off." I said, trying to sound as sexy as Julie.

"You're friend is awful sure of herself isn't she?" Shelly smiled.

I nodded humbly.

"And you, you get off on that don't you, babe?"

I lowered my head, nodding again.

"That's good. I like that. I tell you what; tell your little mistress that I'd love to come watch you get fucked. And I can't wait to see her hot little ass naked! But first you've got to prove to me you're on the level. Follow me."
