 Chapter 8

Ashley ran her hands up Julie's legs and began to caress her bottom. I sat on the ottoman beside her. I had two fingers inside of me and the other hand kneading Ashley's massive tits.

"Julie, please." I pleaded. "I need you. Fuck me now please!"

Julie stroked the dildo slowly, pretending to jerk it like a guy. She was toying with us. She bent down and softly licked her tongue across Ashley's lips, tasting her own cream.

"MMMMMMM! That's tasty!" She purred.

"Yes maam, Very!" Ashley replied.

Julie took my hand and led me to the couch. She reached down and traced her middle finger over my lips. My knees almost buckled from her touch. 

"AAAMMMHH! Oh God Julie, please. I'll do anything. Fuck me now please!"

"You want this Lisa?" She teased, still stroking her fake member. "You just want me, don't you? You'd stand on your head if you thought you'd get to touch me again; wouldn't you Lis?"

"Yes Julie! Anything! I'll do whatever you ask! Just fuck me now please! I need to cum now! Please!"

"Bend over baby! I've got what you want."

I dropped to my knees, shaking in anticipation. I leaned over the coffee table and stuck my ass in the air, my fingers still working on my clit. Ashley crawled over beside me and began to explore my body with her tongue. She kissed the back of my neck and continued down my spine. I could feel the shivers as her tongue tickled the small of my back. She reached under my ass and cupped my pussy, joining her hand with mine.

My mind was in a fog. I could only concentrate on my want. I had to cum. I needed Julie's body on mine. Ashley slid her hand up and started to massage my ass. I turned to face her and our lips crashed together. I thrust my tongue into her mouth, deeply, passionately kissing my best friend. Julie slid the strap-on into my waiting pussy.

"OOOOHH AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHFUCK! Oh God Julie! Yes!" I screamed.

Julie pushed her hips forward, giving me the full length in one thrust. Her hips smacked against my ass on each stroke. She lay onto my back and reached around to rub my tits. I could feel her nipples poking me as her boobs mashed into my back. Ashley covered my mouth with hers, smothering my screams with our mutual moans.

Julie quickened her strokes. My orgasm was coming; fast. I could feel the pent up desire from the entire evening rushing over me; Julie's thongs, the shower, the sweat from the dance floor dripping from her hair, the waitress in the storeroom, licking Ashley; spanking Ashley! So desperately I wanted them; all of them. Julie was fucking me! Ashley was licking me, kissing me! Sheer bliss!

"OOOHH Julie, please; faster! I'm going to cum for you Julie. Please Julie; more! Fuck me baby, harder!"

I almost blacked out when it hit me. My body tensed into a knot of muscles. I squeezed my eyes shut so tight that I saw stars. My body shook uncontrollably and I screamed between each gasp for air. I slumped over on the table, whimpering in delight as each shiver sent a new sensation to my gushing pussy. Every nerve in my body was electric. Any touch, anywhere, brought on another mini-gasm. I never wanted this to end.

Julie pulled the dildo from my pussy and sat back on the couch. I sighed out loud, disappointed that I could no longer feel her on me. I looked at her with a glaze over my eyes. Her body seemed to glow. Her small tits were quivering and she was glistening with sweat. Her sexuality filled the room. Her magnetism pulled Ashley and me in and held us there; all for her pleasure. My mind was torn between her body and my own orgasms. I needed her touch. 

"Excuse me ladies, is there room for two more?" I immediately recognized the voice. Shelly was leaning against the bar in the kitchen. Her pants were unbuttoned and she had a hand inside her red satin panties. Beside her was the bartender from Santino's; Nikki. She too was touching herself. She had a hand up her shirt and one in her pants. I had no idea how long they had been there, but they were obviously enjoying the show.

"Of course there is ladies." Julie replied. "Ashley, show these ladies in. You and Lisa can help them off with their clothes. I think Lisa and Shelly have some unfinished business from earlier this evening."

Ashley hurried over and led Shelly and Nikki in to the living room. Her ass was still a little red from her spanking what seemed like eons ago.

"I think I'd like to see the four of you naked." Julie commanded.

Shelly and Nikki looked at Julie and smiled. I could see that they were not amused at being ordered around like harem girls, but I could also see the desire in their eyes. They wanted us. Shelly wanted to be the one with the dildo and I think Nikki would gladly have bent over for her.

They walked into the room and Ashley and I began to undress them. I went straight for Shelly, remembering our encounter in the stock room at the restaurant. I wanted her to finish what she started. I grabbed the hem of her shorts and pulled them down her legs. I was kneeling in front of her and those red panties. Her legs were perfect. I looked up as she pulled her t-shirt over her head. She had on a small, pink bra that hooked in the front. She squeezed her boobs in both hands and unhooked her bra. She had small round tits topped with perky little nipples. I ran my fingers up her legs as she had done to me at the bar. I slipped my hands under her panties and rubbed her ass. Shelly began to moan when I licked my tongue over her panties and tasted her wetness. 

"You're in for a treat, Shelly." I heard Julie say. "She's got a magic tongue. Believe me; you'll cum like you never have before."

I smiled up at Shelly and pulled her panties down to her ankles. Ashley was beside me on her knees in front of Nikki. She led her to the armchair beside the couch and sat her there. Nikki was wearing a pair of hot pink thong underwear and she had the cutest ass. Ashley pushed her into the chair and asked Julie, "Can I make her cum, Jules?"

"Well, I don't know Ash. Is that what you want?" She grinned. Ashley nodded her eagerness.

"Me too!" Nikki beamed. "Please, Julie, let her lick me now. I need to cum."

"Ok Ash, you have my permission." Ashley dove in. She had never gone down on a woman before, but judging from Nikki's reaction, she quickly became a pro.

I ran my hands up Shelly's stomach and lightly pinched her nipples. She had her head thrown back and her eyes squeezed shut. I brought my hands to her pussy and opened her lips. I flicked my tongue over her clit and felt her body shudder. She screamed when I sucked her clit between my lips and slid a finger deep inside of her.

"Lisa, bring her over here to the couch." Julie commanded.

I led Shelly to the couch and crawled along with her, my tongue and fingers glued to her pussy. Shelly fell back on the couch beside Julie and raised her leg over the back of the couch. I continued to tickle her clit with my tongue and her juices were now dripping down my chin. She was on fire. Julie began kneading her tits and pinching her nipples. Shelly's eyes were fixed on Julie. She reached over and caressed Julie's legs, lightly rubbing her hips and ass. I could feel the electricity though her body the instant she touched Julie's skin. She was lost. Julie knew what she wanted. She straddled Shelly's chest and un-strapped the dildo. She thrust her hips forward and Shelly eagerly began lapping her pussy. The entire room filled with the moans of sex. The slurping and smacking of kissing and licking, tongues licked and probed, orgasms were approaching.

I looked up from Shelly's lips and saw Julie's picture perfect ass bouncing in front of me on Shelly's chest. She was fucking Shelly's tongue and was about to cum. I reached for the dildo and slid the harness around my waist. I climbed on top of her and replaced my tongue with Julie's toy, sliding it into Shelly's pussy. She screamed in delight as I shoved it in to the hilt. She came almost instantly. Her squeals were muffled by Julie's mound on her face. Shelly came three times in less than a minute. The harder I thrust, the harder she came and the faster she licked at Julie's clit. I could see Julie's body preparing to explode. She was lying on Shelly's face and her ass was shaking in front of me. I laid forward on top of Shelly and grabbed Julie's cheeks. I spread them wide and tickled her ass with my tongue.

"OH fuck Lisa! My god that feels so good. Lick me Shelly! AHHHHHHHAAAAAAHHH! OHH FUCK Yesss!" She screamed. 

Julie's orgasm was mind numbing. She screamed for 5 minutes, her body shaking uncontrollably. Ashley and Nikki stopped their sex and watched the scene. Every muscle of her perfect body came to life, showing us every flawless curve. Her skin glowed with her sweat and her ecstasy was displayed in each expression on her face. 

Julie slowly climbed off of Shelly's face and slid down the couch beside me. Shelly's eyes were still glued to Julie's form. Like Ashley and me before her, she could not get enough. Julie slipped her hand under my chin and raised my mouth to hers. She kissed me deeply, sucking my tongue into her mouth. She lay back on the cushions and smiled.

"Don't stop on my account, ladies. Please, continue!"