 "Jules, can I talk to you for a second? Please!" 

"Well sure Lis, about what?" 

Ashley cut in, "Come on you two, let's get to the friggin' house, you can talk there." 

"Ash is right; we can talk at the house, 'k Lis?" 

We all climbed into my car and headed for home. Julie was driving since she was the DD and I sat up front with her. My car is a small compact, stick shift with bucket seats. I noticed Julie made no effort to prevent her dress from riding up her hips as she drove. Her skirt barely covered her ass but these seats made it worse. I could plainly see her glistening lips and hairless mound. She looked at me and smiled. Again, she was showing me what I desperately wanted. 

Ashley laid her head back and closed her eyes in the back seat. She and I had downed two pitchers of beer and each had a very nice buzz. I just hoped that hers was enough for what was about to happen.

Since Ash wasn't paying any attention I slipped a hand under my skirt and slowly began rubbing my pussy. I bit my lower lip to stifle a moan and looked over a Julie. She saw me touching myself and noticed I was not wearing my panties. Her eyes asked the question silently. I checked to make sure Ash wasn't looking and reached into my purse. I pulled out my soaked underwear and handed them to Julie. I leaned over to her and said, "Shelly took these off of me and told me to give them to you. She also said to tell you that she would be there." 

Julie took the panties from me and nodded her approval. She rubbed them over her legs and up to her pussy. She sighed when the smooth silk fabric touched her lips.

I was in heaven. This woman was like a drug. The more of her I got, the more I needed. I would do anything that she asked of me. I wanted to touch her. I wanted to lick her and kiss her and feel the heat of her skin. She exuded pure sex. I had to have more. I needed more of her incredible body.

We turned into the driveway and parked in the garage under the house. I reached back and shook Ashley's leg. "Wake up girl! We're home."

"What...oh ok." She groaned.

"You're not passing out on us yet are you?" Julie asked.

"No, just a little cat nap. I'm ready for anything now." 

I looked at Julie, her Cheshire grin was back.

Upstairs Ashley started mixing some margaritas and Jules and I headed to the bathroom.

"Julie, please give me a little more time." I begged her. "She wants you, I know it. I can do this. Please!" I was desperate. I wanted Ashley to know but more than that I wanted her. I wanted her as horny as I was. I couldn't wait to suck on her magnificent breasts.

"Julie can have us both!" I thought. My nipples hardened again.

"Tell you what Lis, its 12:30 now. Since you got Shelly to come over, I'll give you another half hour. But! At 1:00 you will do exactly, and I mean EXACTLY what I tell you. Understood?"

I nodded in reply. My eyes told her how excited I was. I had to fight the urge to drop to my knees and lap at her pussy. She knew it was what I wanted.

"Alright Lisa, you can have a taste." She said, slowly pulling up her skirt to reveal the object of my desire. 

I was on my knees in a second. I ravaged her pussy with my tongue. Julie moaned softly in appreciation. I was in ecstasy. The taste of her pussy made my own ache to be touched. As I moved my hand under my skirt, Julie backed away. She lowered her skirt, "That's enough for now," she said. "You can have more later. I promise."

"Thank you Julie." I replied.

When we walked back to the kitchen, Ashley had poured each of us a tall, icy margarita. I sat on one of the bar stools and Julie sat beside me. Ashley leaned against the bar on the other side.

I stole a glance at her boobs, admiring her cleavage. Ashley followed my eyes and so did Julie.

"Geez Lisa, first you're staring at my ass, now you're eyeballing Ash's tits! You must be turning lezzie on us. You want us to strip for you? You'd like that wouldn't you Lis? Come on Ash, what do you say?" 

"Very funny Jules." I said, "Fuck it, strip if you want, I don't care. In fact, I don't believe you'll do it."

Julie reached to her shoulders and pulled the straps of her dress out. She let go and the dress dropped to her feet. I almost choked on my drink. Ashley's jaw dropped, her eyes were wide open, taking in every inch of Julie's shape.

Julie smiled at the reaction she drew. She knew where my mind was, and now she knew Ash's thoughts also.

"Come on Ash, she dared us. Let's see those tits! Lisa might faint from over stimulation."

"She won't do it Jules. She's scared." I hoped that would get her. I was right.

Ashley un-tucked her tank top from her shorts and pulled it over her head. She unhooked her bra and covered her nipples with her hands. I was in awe. I had seen her naked many times but in my current state of excitement, they were even more enticing.  

I was getting hornier by the second. Julie's perfect form was inches to my left and Ashley's beautiful boobs were a few feet from my face. I didn't know which way to look. I was surrounded by sexy naked women and was dying to make myself cum.

I looked at the clock on the microwave; 12:47. 

I said to myself, "It has to be now!"

Ashley dropped her hands. Her nipples instantly stiffened in the cool air. She looked long at Julie's body and realized something.

"Julie, where the hell are your panties?"

Julie laughed, "Lisa, would you like to tell Ash where my panties are?"

My mind raced. I had to think fast. "Well", I said, "Julie and I have been going back and forth all day with these little dares. See, look, my panties are gone too!" I quickly pulled my mini up to show my panty-less pussy. 

"Oh my God!" Ashley laughed. "Why?!"

"It's all just for fun, right Lis?"

"I'm beginning to wonder if you two aren't going lesbo on me!" 

"You're absolutely right Ash. Truth is, Lisa was on the floor just this afternoon licking me silly. Right now she wants to do it again, don't you Lis?" 

"Whatever!" Ashley replied.

"You don't believe me? I'll prove it to you." Julie climbed onto the bar and put her feet on the barstools, her legs spread wantonly before me. I could not resist. I didn't want to resist. I was dying to taste her again. I felt my nipples hardening; my pussy was on fire. 

"Lisa, make me cum for Ashley please. She doesn't believe you want me."

"But Jules," I begged, "it's not quite 1:00 yet. Please...you promised!" 

"Lisa," she commanded, "I want your tongue in me right now. Please don't make me tell you again."

I immediately dropped to my knees. I couldn't disobey her. I didn't want to. I looked over at Ashley. She was in total shock at the scene unfolding in before her. 

The smell of Julie's pussy sent me over the edge. My desire engulfed me. I simply could not control myself. I buried my tongue into her slit. I wrapped my arms around her and squeezed her gorgeous ass. I flicked my tongue back and forth over her clit, lapping for every ounce of her juices. Julie lay back on the bar, writhing like a snake. She squealed in ecstasy, her body quivered. I looked up at her and she smiled.

"Lisa! Oh my God! What the fuck are you doing?" Ashley screamed. "Have you lost your fucking mind? Jesus!"

I looked at Julie; my eyes asked her for permission to stop. She nodded her okay. I stood up and faced Ashley, my face smeared with Julie's nectar.

"I'm sorry Ash. It just happened. I have to have her. Please try to understand. I want this. Please don't hate me!" I was in tears. 

Julie sat up. "Listen Ash; don't knock it 'til you've tried it. I mean, this little honey licks pussy better than any guy I've ever known. It's fucking mind-blowing believe me. Besides, don't tell me you don't want to join her down there. I've seen you looking at me. Hell, you're nipples are hard as rocks right now. I bet your panties are soaking wet from this little exhibition, aren't they?"

"Fuck you Julie!" Ashley screamed. "You fucking pervert. What makes you think you can seduce me?"

"Oh, Ashley. That's not it at all. Lisa wants me, don't you Lis? You do too. I see it in your face. I can feel it. Tell me your pussy isn't burning for me right now." Julie leaned onto her elbow and propped her head up. She looked like a picture straight from Penthouse. I wanted to dive back into her pussy. 

"Ashley, I want her. I have never felt anything like this before. I'm going to have more of her. Please, I'd love to share this with you." I stood up and unzipped my skirt, dropping it to the floor. I pulled my blouse over my head and unhooked my bra. I tossed them both on the chair and reached for my pussy. I felt my juices gathering as I rubbed my lips.

"Come on Ashley, let's stop pretending here. You want me. I know it, Lisa sees it, and I know that you feel it."

"I tell you what Ash, if your panties aren't soaking wet right now, I'll shut up; if they are, well, I'll give you what we all know you want. Lisa, please remove Ashley's shorts and her panties and bring them to me."

I stood up and stepped around the bar. Ashley looked like a deer caught in the headlights. She was frozen to her spot. I knelt in front of her and unzipped her shorts. I could smell her pussy as I wiggled them down her legs, she was dripping wet. Ashley's body was a stark contrast to Julie. Her legs were strong and thick. Her ass was round but shapely; she was quite sexy for a bigger woman. I grabbed her panties on her hips and rolled them down to her ankles. She willingly lifted her legs and stepped out of them. She was caught in the moment. I could see it in her eyes; the desire; the yearning. Like me, she wanted this; she wanted Julie. I reached over and I handed her panties to Julie. She brought them to her lips and licked the wet silk. Ashley and I were both mesmerized.

"See, I knew I was right. MMMMMMMMMM! That tastes nice. Lisa, would you like to try her?"

I was nodding like a giddy schoolgirl. I looked up at Ashley. Her eyes were completely glazed; they never left Julie's pussy. She was lost in her desire. I traced my fingers up the back of her legs. I grabbed her ass and pulled her pussy to my mouth. She looked down and tried to back away. When my tongue brushed her outer lips her eyes and mouth opened wide.

"OH MY GOD LISA!" She gasped. "Lisa, don't... Oh Please! Oh Fuck, Please don't...!"

Her breathe quickened as her body began to shake. She was getting wetter by the second. I lightly licked her lips and suckled her clit. Her cum began running down my chin and dripping onto my boobs. 

She grabbed my hair and thrust my mouth into her mound. My tongue was now working feverishly, sweeping from bottom to top and back again. 

"Oh God Lisa, that is fucking unbelievable! Lick me baby, Oh God please make me cum! Oh baby, that's it." I reached up and spread her lips, completely exposing her clit. Her body shuddered with each flick of my tongue. She was possessed. 

"Please right there. Oh Lisa! Oh fuck more! Please! AHHHHHAHHHHHHHHH!" Her orgasm hit like a freight train, so strong she almost fainted. She dropped to her knees and slumped against the counter gasping for breath, her beautiful tits heaving up and down. I leaned in and licked her right nipple, sucking it into my mouth. I felt her shiver and watched her face contort as another orgasm shot through her body. 

"You see Ashley, I told you." Julie was beaming. "She's got a delightful little tongue doesn't she?"

Ashley was still coming back from wonderland. Her body twitched with each mini wave as she came down from her orgasms. We looked up at the same instant. Standing inches before us was Julie, sliding her fingers over her pussy and rubbing her ass.

"But I think it's time that you girls paid me some attention, don't you? Lisa, I have a surprise for you. I want you to go and get your present from the inside pocket of my suitcase. I think you know what I'm looking for. Ashley, I think you know what I would like from you."

Ashley reached over and took Julie's hand. She pulled her fingers to her lips and sucked each one into her mouth. She crawled on her knees in front of Julie and looked into her eyes.

"Have you ever licked a woman's pussy Ashley?" Julie asked.

Ash shook her head. "No," she replied weakly.

"You want to lick mine though don't you Ashley?"

She bowed her head, nodding slowly.

"You want to make me cum, don't you Ash? You'll do anything for me won't you?"

Ashley nodded again. "Yes, Julie anything."