 Andi could not stop staring at Lute. Fresh from the shower, Lute's skin was smooth and freshly scented. Andi's eyes locked onto her form beneath the thin sheer robe with a gaze so intense that Andi could tell that Lute was now freshly shaven and smooth beneath.

Lute confidently strode to the bed, flashed Andi a soft grin before she nonchalantly dropped her robe and rested on her back atop the cool silk sheets. Andi could not remember rising to move, but she found herself crawling up the bed, passing the mysterious woman's incredible toes, and then her shapely legs.

Andi felt her own hot breath reflect off Lute's creamy inner thighs and then the room was suddenly filled with the scent of lust and desire. Lute moaned slightly as she spread her legs wide, arching her hips and demonstrating her flexibility. She beckoned without words, and Andi found herself powerless against the siren's call as she continued to crawl forward, until her tongue reached out and slid into Lute's eager and dripping pussy.

Andi heard a true and intense moan escape Lute and was suddenly energized. The spell of Lute's siren's charms was broken. Andi found herself exactly where she wanted to be, doing exactly what she had dreamed of for so long. Her tongue slid deeper into Lute.

Lute was exhilarated. She had of course imagined being with another woman, but was now amazed at how fast her fantasy had become real. Still she found herself shocked at how intense she felt with her fried Andi. She looked down the length of her own toned body to see the a pair of devilish pixie eyes looking back up at her from between her legs. Lute was filled with a deep animal desire and moaned aloud. Lute's hands had unconsciously found her own small firm breasts and were squeezing. She did not realize how hard she was pinching her own nipples until she heard herself gasp out a small squeal of pain.

Andi felt her new lover's hands quickly reach down and grab two fistfuls of her own short dark hair. She felt an iron grip full of energy pulling her even closer into her Lute's delicious dripping pussy. Andi's skilled tongue easily parted her lover's lips, licking deeply, lapping up every drop of Lute's flowing nectar, and breaking only to lavish attention on Lute's fiery hot clit.

Lute's steady moans stopped sharply and were replaced with a grimacing cry of sudden and intense need. The muscles in her legs cried in protest as she forced herself into a wider split, and gave Andi complete freedom to continue assaulting her throbbing clit.

Andi could tell that her young lover was ready. She felt Lute tighten around her tongue whenever Andi dipped it inside her dripping wetness. Andi could feel the vibrations of Lute's trembling legs through her jaw as it began to ache. Andi heard her lover moan her name in a husky voice, and beg for release. Andi knew that Lute was mere seconds away from an earth shattering orgasm. 

Lute reeled with intense need. Her thoughts swam amidst a swirling pool of pleasure that washed throughout her body. Every second brought an increase in intensity as her skilled lover continued between her legs. Lute reached her brink, tiptoed to the edge, and waited for Andi to fling her off into bliss. 

Suddenly, Andi broke contact. She reared back and heard Lute's gasp of surprise. For a moment Andi knew that her lover would be floating, isolated, filling with fear and sudden emptiness. Andi raised her hand and brought it down hard between Lute's legs. A sharp smack echoed through the room. Andi felt intense heat and slick wetness on her palm as Lute shrieked in bright pain.

Lute instinctively curled into a tight ball beneath Andi. She trembled with anguish, despair and shock. The pain was intense, but fleeting, and Lute soon looked up to catch her lover's gaze. Andi stared down at her, licking her lips and wiping the juices from her chin. Her chest heaved with excitement and her eyes were filled with power, pleasure and desire as her mouth curled into a wicked grin.

Andi looked down as Lute uncurled herself, lying on her back once again. She slowly spread her legs once again as she looked up with an expression of mixed terror and deep desire. Andi saw that Lute wanted her release, and that she desperately needed Andi to provide it. Lute spread her legs wide in submission as if to say that she was willing to endure anything to get it.

Lute watched intently as Andi's wicked smile spread. She trembled as Andi stood over her and began to slowly strip, unbuttoning and tossing away her blouse. Andi's bra came off next leaving her breasts exposed, her hard nipples betraying her excitement. Lute watched Andi sway her hips from side to side as she slid her panties down. Lifting one foot, Andi dangled her own sopping wet panties before Lute's face. A deep longing filled Lute as she filled her nostrils with the scent of Andi's lust.

Andi saw Lute lick her lips after deeply inhaling the scent from her panties. She stepped forward and sank to her knees, pinning both of Lute's arms beside her head. Her lover's eyes went wide as she gazed on Andi's slick thighs and was bathed in the scent of sex. Andi began rubbing her pussy right before Lute's face and asked teased her with a promise of pleasure 

Lute was drunk on the sight and scent of her lover. She wanted to taste Andi, needed to taste Andi. Lute moaned aloud when she heard Andi's order to pleasure her. 

That moan was stifled as Andi lowered her wet lips onto Lute's. A sudden wave of relief flowed over Lute as she was finally given what she wanted. Her lips kissed Andi hard and her tongue slid deeply inside her lover.

Lute's relief was suddenly tainted with anxiety. Unlike her strong lover, Lute had never been with a woman, and while her own pussy was dripping wet, she feared that she would not be able to properly please Andi. That fear was misguided though, as Andi shuddered out a deep moan and bathed Lute's face with her hot sweet honey

Andi relaxed and let pleasure flow through her body. She ran her fingers through Lute's soft flowing hair and let her younger lover explore her pussy with lips and tongue. Lute's deep desire and eager need more than made up for her lack of experience and in time Andi found herself grinding back and forth on the younger woman's tongue and felt Lute match her rhythm with perfect sensual licks.

Pleasure rose inside Andi's body. She felt herself begin to tremble, precursors to intense orgasm. She knew that it would only be matter of moments until she would gush, squirting herself all over Lute's face, bathing her lover in the flood from her pussy

Lute was in heaven. She loved to feel the intense pleasure she was providing Andi. The scent of Andi's flowing sex. The honey dripping over Lute's lips and down her chin. The heat pouring from Andi's body as she rocked back and forth over Lute's face. And even the feel of 

her trembling as Andi's pleasure rose from deep within her. That trembling was intensifying, and Lute pressed her tongue harder into Andi's clit as she rode her face. Suddenly, Andi pulled away again.

No, Lute thought, as she released a tiny anguished moan. But her despair was short lived, as Andi quickly stood, spun around, and sat right back down on Lute's face. Lute's lips sealed around Andi's and her tongue swirled inside her lover as she felt Andi begin to moan and tremble almost immediately once again.

It had been hard for Andi to take herself away from the pleasure Lute was giving her for even a brief moment. But it had been worth it to turn around. Andi now leaned forward and dove between Lute's legs, planted kisses along the way until her tongue slid inside her young lover. Andi's arms wrapped around Lute's thighs and she pulled herself closer to Lute's gushing pussy.

A sudden burst of pleasure assaulted Lute as she felt Andi's tongue invade her dripping sex. With it came a burst of strength that allowed her to pull her arms free from under Andi's knees. She wrapped them around Andi's thighs and pulled herself up, swirling her tongue around Andi's throbbing clit. 

Andi was running to the brink in a breathless sprint as she tasted Lute's gushing nectar while her lover assaulted her clit from beneath her. When she felt Lute's nails dig into the soft flesh of her thighs, Andi leap head first off the edge and pleasure exploded throughout her body. She gave in fully and screamed aloud.

Lute heard Andi scream and her pleasure was mixed with a sudden pride. She was thrilled that she had pleased her lover as she moved to slide her tongue inside Andi, to feel her cum from the inside. Before she could however, Andi's sex exploded upon her face in a powerful stream of slick nectar. Lute opened her mouth to moan and was filed with the taste of Andi as her lover came all over her face. She swallowed once and lost her balance, falling off the edge.

Andi was convulsing in a blinding orgasm, paralyzed as pleasure coursed through her body and echoed back and forth within her skin. It was several moments before she realized that she had near drowned her tender young lover, and several moment more before she realized that Lute was screaming in pleasure and all her muscles had clenched as orgasm wracked her body as well.

Andi's was a sudden and overpowering orgasm that hit her hard and left her reeling with aftershocks. Lute however, came more slowly, with a building intensity that kept taking her to heights of increasing pleasure but would not release her body to her own control. Between shocks, Andi was able to lick her lover's clit, prolonging Lute's pleasure and increasing its intensity. 

Eventually Lute felt herself return, and she collapsed, her body relaxing as she sighed deeply. Quickly, Andi dismounted and positioned herself face to face beside her lover. Both women smiled, hearts pounding, breaths ragged as each wore the evidence of the other's orgasm.

Their first kiss was passionate, deep and long. Lute tasted herself on Andi's tongue and found that she could not get enough. Andi must have felt the same as she licked her own cum from Lute's face.

The two lovers collapsed in exhaustion. Lute curled up inside Andi's arms and rested her head upon the other woman's heavy full breasts. Andi felt the younger woman slide her thigh between her own legs and press against her hot quivering pussy. 

Lute drifted off to sleep as Andi held her. Andi relaxed in the warm embrace of her young lover, feeling satiated and calm. But before long her thoughts wandered to the future possibilities, the pleasures that she sought to share with Lute. Andi felt herself begin to drip on the young woman's thigh as it pressed between her legs. She wanted to feel more. She wanted to slide herself around and split Lute's legs with her own, rubbing her lips against Lute's as she took the younger woman's toes into her mouth.

A shudder traveled through Andi's body. She caressed Lute's hair with a trembling hand. Slowly her younger lover's eyes opened. Lute looked up at her smiling. Andi smiled back and said 

"Wake up my lover, I'm not through with you yet."