 Laina and I weren't together for too long when she confessed to me that she enjoyed looking at women. It's the breasts, mostly. She's got a bit of a fetish there I think. Of course, being her husband, I certainly share her appreciation for them -- it's no small turn-on to see her ogling other women. She tries to be discrete but I know her too well for all that. In the past we talked about bringing another person into our bed with us. It turned out that we'd both enjoy having another warm body to play with, but with young children in the house finding the time (much less a willing partner!) always seemed to be the major stumbling block for us. Eventually, I think we both filed that one away under 'maybe some day'. Never the less we had a very fulfilling and greatly satisfying sex life.

And then one day, opportunity sauntered into my inbox. An old friend -- someone I knew from my single days sent me an email to let me know she would be in town soon and we arranged a time to get together. I knew Angie from long ago and knew that she had relationships with both men and women in the past. I mustered all the courage I could and picked up the phone to ask a favor.

*********

It was a rare occasion that we could get all the kids out of the house -- and it would go unknown to my wife just how much arm twisting I had to do to arrange a babysitter. I told her we would be enjoying a quiet evening alone and probably watch some movies and have a few drinks. I felt a little bad for the deceit -- we hadn't talked about this before I made arrangements with my friend, but I was fairly sure she would overlook that once she found out what she was in for. But I needed time to set the stage, so I made her a hair appointment and dropped her off for a surprise hair cut. She was excited as she'd been dropping hints about wanting to get her hair done for some time.

After dropping her off, I called Angie and told her to meet me at the house. She parked on the road so Laina wouldn't know we had a guest and I escorted her inside. Angie beamed at me -- I think she was as excited as I was about what lie ahead for the three of us. Angie had never met my wife but I showed her a few pictures and told her as much as I could. She was surprisingly relaxed considering she was about to make love to a woman she'd never met before. There were a few preparations to make before I went to pick up Laina from her hair appointment. Angie and I set to work and in short order we had everything organized and ready.

I knew that my wife had never been with a woman before -- and I remember from my first experience with another man that everything would be fine once things got rolling. Making that first move however took so much strength of will that I knew she would be hesitant and nervous. I didn't want that part to spoil the fun and risk her getting cold feet. So Angie and I made it easy. She stripped her clothes off and lay on the bed, with her back slightly propped up on a pillow for comfort against the headboard. When she was comfortable, I got out the leather cuffs that Laina and I use for our bondage play and cuffed her hands to each side of the headboard and her feet to each side of the foot board. When I asked if she was comfortable, she smiled and nodded. The finishing touch was a silk blindfold -- this whole array was more for my wife's benefit than Angie's. But Angie understood and thought it was a great way to get Laina more relaxed -- to let her feel that she was the one in control of the situation.

I cranked the heat up so Angie wouldn't get cold while I ran to the salon. 

********

It was everything I could do to keep my composure on the way home. We pulled in to the driveway and I walked ahead of her into the house. I didn't want her rushing to the bedroom and spoil the surprise early. Upon reaching the living room, I turned in place and wrapped my arms around her. I pressed my lips to hers and began kissing her with urgency and passion. I was raging with lust by now, knowing that there was a nude woman, tied to my bed and that I would soon be sharing her body with my beautiful wife. I knew how she would respond to my kisses and she didn't disappoint. I kneaded her breasts and tweaked her nipples through her bra as her hands flew to my zipper and retrieved my very stiff cock. 

"I want to suck you," she said. I caught her as she started to kneel and she looked at me inquisitively.

"What's wrong?" 

"Nothing," I said. "I've got a surprise for you."

Her face lit up. "You do!? Where is it?" she asked.

"It's in the bedroom."

"Oh! A new toy?" she guessed.

I chuckled a little and replied, "Yeah, something like that."

She got to the door and threw it open, and then in mid stride -- just as my heart stopped, so did my wife. The look on her face was hard to place. Obviously the last thing she expected had just come to pass. I held my breath as I waited for some kind of response. She turned her head slightly, as if to look at me, but she couldn't pull her eyes away from the naked, bound woman on the bed. 

"What is this?" she asked in a low tone -- more than a whisper but with little energy behind it, as if her breath wasn't coming fast enough.

'Nothing's changed,' I said to myself. 'I know she wants this...' and then, aloud, "This is my surprise for you."

Her eyes were still glued to the naked woman, lying spread eagle tied to the bed. "But, who is she?"

By now my anxiety over her reaction started to ease. Angie kept quiet and still and waited patiently for things to play out. "Do you really want to get into all that right now?" I asked. "She's a friend, and she's agreed to be here so that she and I can help you realize a fantasy. You can do whatever you like with her. Touch her, taste her, fuck her. Or... if I've judged wrong, and this isn't something you want to do - we'll uncuff her and she'll leave. Though, if you asked me, I'd say that would be a little bit cruel of us. Look between her legs," I pointed, "she's dripping. She's so worked up, she's made a wet spot on the bed."

"Oh, damn," she whispered. Laina finally turned around to face me and buried her tongue in my mouth. 'That's more like it,' I thought. "This is going to be fun. She's beautiful. Thank you!" she said, breaking our embrace.

"You're welcome, but when we're done, you should thank her. We wouldn't be doing this if she didn't agree to go along with this little game."

"Are you going to come play too, or is she just for me?"

"Well, that's up to you two, I suppose. I could be quite happy just watching. Why don't you go get to know her a little better and we'll see where it goes from there."

She smiled and turned and walked to the bed as I settled myself in a chair. As she reached the side of the bed, she took her clothes off and settled into a position next to Angie. Just the sight of those two beautiful women on the bed naked together made my cock twitch and strain against my jeans. I was determined not to go off too early, so I unzipped my fly and let my cock out into the open air -- refraining from touching it for the time being. 

Angie cooed and wiggled a little when she felt my wife's warm, soft body sliding against her as she got situated on the bed. Her free hand reached out to stroke Angie's face below the silk blind fold that covered the top half. Angie had a very delicate jaw and beautiful soft skin, very much like my wife. A wide grin stretched across their lovely faces as my wife's hand explored her new lover. She pulled Angie's face to hers and planted soft, tender little kisses on her lips, then her chin and neck. Angie started breathing faster and was obviously enjoying the attention.

Laina grew bolder and moved her hand down the bound woman's chest and she caressed her breasts softly at first and then hefted them and squeezed them, feeling their individual weight and texture. She was mesmerized by them and it wasn't long before she was gently teasing and sucking them. Much like her initial touch, it was gentle and tender at first, and as her lust grew her mouth became more urgent and wanton. 

The wet spot under Angie's ass began to grow and her inner thighs were slick with her juices from rubbing them together in response to the stimulation she was receiving I could smell her sex from across the room and it was positively intoxicating. My wife took her attention away from her lover and stole a glance at me. Her faced beamed with a smile as if to say, "It's finally happening!" I smiled at her and nodded my approval as her gaze dropped to my lap where my hard cock bounced in time with my heart beat and a string of precum dripped on to my shirt. If it was possible, she smiled even bigger and then returned her attentions to her bound and blind prey.

Her hands caressed Angie's body, first on and around her breasts but working progressively lower, feeling her firm thighs and brushing lightly across her bare mound. Getting a little more daring, she slipped a hand between Angie's slicked thighs and rubbed her juices into her skin before slipping upward to come to rest on the now moaning woman's burning hot pussy.

"Oooh," Angie cooed as she strained against the four cuffs that bound her. 

My wife inserted a finger inside Angie's dripping hole and looked back to me again. "Oh my god! She's so warm inside!"

"Now you know what it feels like to me when I put my fingers inside of you." I smiled at her.

She pulled her finger out of Angie's cunt and brought it to her lips. Then, my beautiful wife closed her eyes and breathed in deep, smelling the juices that clung to her finger, taking in the scent before shoving her finger in her mouth. She tasted the sweet tangy nectar on her finger and moaned with delight at her first taste of another woman's pussy. This was simply too much for me. I dropped my hand into my lap and began slowly stroking my cock, using the copious amount of precum pooling on my shirt as lube.

"I bet she tastes as good as she smells." I said.

"God yes!" she said. At the sound of my wife's response, Angie moaned again and started gently bucking her hips in the air. Our dialog was turning her on even more. She was primed and ready for release -- and none too soon.

"I wonder if I can make her cum." My wife mused as she toyed with the woman's pussy.

"Please! I need to cum!" were the first words that she would speak to my wife who had already tasted both her pert, pink nipples and her sweet sex juices.

Laina smiled and returned her attention to the writhing beauty next to her. Her hand sought and found her clit, moving in time with Angie's undulating pelvis, she moved her fingers in slow circles, gradually increasing her pace. 

"You want to cum?" my wife asked her. 

"Oh. God. Yes. Please," Angie said, between breaths. 

"But I can't make you cum yet." She was in full blown fun mode now, toying with the poor woman.

"Why? Please!" she pleaded. 

Her hand moved faster across Angie's clit. "Because, sweetie, I don't even know your name."

And with that, her hand became a blur, rubbing furiously until Angie cried out and pulled hard on the restraints that bound her to the bed. Her abdominal muscles flexed as she sat up in the bed, twisting her arms behind her. I felt cum surging into my shaft. I stopped stroking my cock and squeezed it hard, determined not to cum yet. Her orgasm lasted a minute, maybe longer -- my wife was relentless, not letting up at all until Angie was completely spent and panting heavily. She collapsed back onto the bed. Her breath was labored and ragged as she tried to recover. My wife gently removed Angie's blindfold and the two women locked eyes and smiled at each other. 

"Angie," she said, her chest heaving as she tried to catch her breath. "My name is Angie. It's been a pleasure meeting you." 

At that we all laughed, and the evening continued...