 I was on walking home from work when I saw my best friend Susan. We had known each other for years, almost as long as we had been married to our husbands. Our friendship was very special, we really talked a lot to each other about our husbands and work and other gossip. I called out to her and she crossed the street to walk with me. I always admired and envied her very feminine body and the way she carried herself as she walked, graceful and confident but not imposing. She was dressed in her work clothes, a long dark lavender skirt and neatly tailored white blouse. Her long dark brown hair touched my cheek as she gave me a quick hug. "Good to see you Sweets" she greeted me. "I like that jacket, where'd you get it"? I had got the jacket, a long navy one, from a small shop that had a nice selection of good jackets and outerwear in the downtown of the city where we lived. It fit well over the dress I was wearing, not restricting but it still showed off my womanly body nicely; my husband always said that it was his favorite. "From that little shop, you know. How was your day?"

"Very good. Got into a little argument with Sarah, the accountant lady, but came out on top, you know how it goes. Nothing like a little tiff to make one feel a little lively."

"Oh yes. That lady sounds awfully mean."

I put my arm around her waist as we walked, and she returned the favor, smiling at me as we made our way home. We decided to go to my place for a quick snack.

I unlocked the door to my house and let us in. We plopped down on the big couch in the cozy living room with some hot chocolate and chatted. We started talking about clothes and soon we went up to my husband's and mine room. I showed Susan a beautiful nightgown that my husband had bought for me. It was white lace silk trimmed around the breasts with airy lace. Susan thought it was gorgeous.

"Try it on sweets, I'm sure you look wonderful in it!" She asked me. I slipped off my outer clothes, down to my thong and panties, and began to pull on the gown, but Susan protested: "That's no way to wear lingerie! Take off your other things!" I giggled and slipped the gown back off. I tried to unclasp my bra but couldn't for some reason. She looked at me and seemed a little flushed and moved behind me and unclasped the bra. I moved my hands behind me to slip it off but she hastily stopped me. "I'll do it." she said in a voice just above a whisper. I felt her hands slowly push the bra off my shoulders and then slide the lace straps of the bra over my wrists, and her I was very sensitive to her touch. We stood very still, then she dropped the bra and put her hands a little awkwardly on my shoulders and whispered in to my ear

"Can we be closer, would you like that?"

My throat caught a little and I realized what she meant. I had never contemplated this, I was very satisfied with my husband but my answer came in a moment:

"I would."

I turned around and saw her, flushed with her eyes wide and her mouth open a little. She looked into my eyes, then down at my breasts as we drew into an embrace. I felt her warm breath on my face and its scent was so delicate, so desirable. Our lips met and slowly we kissed, our lips so gentle on one another. And our tongues, nervous at first, then boldly yet so gently we played them into the other's mouth. My hands moved from around her gracious neck down to just above her pretty bottom and held her closer to me, and she held me more tightly also. We drew back and looked in each other's eyes, breathing softly.

I gently unbuttoned her blouse, pulled it out of the top of the skirt and pushed it off her shoulders and down her arms and it fell to the floor. Then her bra, I reached around her and unclasped the bra and slipped it off her. Her breasts were awing, so full that the sheen of her tanned skin continued right until the very tip of both of her pink nipples. I felt so drawn to her, was so desiring her that I could not comprehend her beauty. I wanted to have her, to caress all her beauty and to taste all of her. She looked into my eyes as she reached with her delicate hands to feel my breasts and I knew she wanted the same. My breasts are always sensitive, but her palms and fingers on them felt so sensational, so sensuous that I felt I may faint.

On one accord we moved to the bed, and as she unbuckled her skirt and pulled it off to reveal that she wore no panties I could not help but smile. I never had seen another woman's sex so closely before, and had never considered one attractive before, but as Susan stood before me with her naked pussy so close to my lips I wanted more than anything to touch her and to make her feel good. She reached between my legs and hooked two fingers through my thong panties, touching my hidden lips, and pulled them off of me. We were naked, and O how sensual we found each other!

I reached for her and she lay down on top of me, so much of our nakedness touching. We kissed again, more assured this time, lingering. I looked into her eyes and murmured "I want to kiss you," and she understood, our desire was so much the same. She rolled off of me and laid on her back beside me, and turned onto my knees and elbows straddling her. I kissed her on her mouth (how sweet she tasted!) and kissed her gracious neck, our nipples thankfully touching as I moved. Then down to her breasts, how fortunate I felt! I traced the edges of her nipples with my warm pink tongue and then gently closed my lips over one while I cupped her other round breast with my hand. I sucked at her nipple, and could hear her moaning softly "Oh, Oh, Ohhh. Please do, please touch me." I moved further until I was between her legs and had her warm sex right in my face. Her scent was so erotic, so arousing. A scent of desire and salt, of lust and lavender. I bent down and I knew that she felt my hot breath on her and then I felt her soft hair on my lips. I gently spread her pink lips with my hands (how soft they were!) and licked the smooth glossy folds. I looked at her face, and she smiled and I turned my head down and continued to gently probe her lips, and then her small firm clitoris. I massaged it with a soft tongue and she pressed her pussy into me, so I worked harder. Then I slipped a finger into her delightful warm wetness and she gasped, "Oh!" Her breathing was quick now and I knew that she was getting close, so I slipped another finger into her wet opening and continued to stoke her fire by lapping at her node of pleasure. I kept massaging her firm clit and could feel her pressing her sex into my mouth, so more vigorously I continued until her body was undulating with the strokes of my soft tongue and all the pressure in her body rushed to her wet sex and then she screamed and I felt her tremble from the overpowering pleasure of her orgasm. I gently lapped her juices from her downy lips as she came down from the intensity of her orgasm. I had never tasted something so beautiful as those juices, salty and so feminine and so smooth.

I gently withdrew my fingers from her trembling quim and moved up her, sliding on her shiny sweat covered body until our lips were close. She opened her dreamy eyes and said "Thhannk you!" Before I slipped my tongue between her lips I gasped "A lot of the pleasure was mine I assure you. Let's wait a while and then we can try again in reverse roles." I knew she could hardly wait to eat my pussy from the way she eagerly tongued my mouth, tasting her own juices, and my a shiver went through my body in anticipation. I could hardly wait either. Who knew that sex with another woman could be so purely amazing?