 Susan’s Surrender

Chapter Ch. 3

It was daylight when we were both awakened to our phones going off at pretty much the same time with text messages...

“Mine is from Beverley... Whose is yours from..? I asked as we were both still groggy and half asleep, sitting up, each looking at our phones.

“Ummm... Yeah mine is from her as well... All it says is ‘My office at 10:30a.m.’ and then it says ‘Both of you’...”

“Hmmph! Mine too... That’s odd why does she want both of us? And if you ask me..? Sorry to say this but her text sound like she’s pissed...”

That’s how Susan and I woke that first morning after she more or less moved in with me. It was an impromptu situation brought on by Mitch and his inability to cope with anyone remotely intelligent enough to see that he’s been trying to screw his wife out of her portion of the life they had build together over the last 25yrs.

However... It was also the beginning of a new chapter in both of our lives and through introducing Susan to the world of Sapphic love and seeing how accepting and willing she had become in only a matter of minutes, not even hours, I was happy about where we were and the direction things seemed to be going between the two of us.

And I’m sure Susan was feeling the same...

“Ohhh... I don’t want to get up... Can’t we just stay here like this and make love all day..? I’ll go down again; I’ll do that for you... Can I please..? Can I lick your pussy for you Heather..?”

Lying back down beside Susan and pulling her to me, our naked bodies feeling warm and comfortable lay out in my bed, I kissed her softly on the lips, and smiling I spoke to her...

“I’d love that too Susan and we can come back here later where I’ll let you worship my body for as long as you want but unfortunately...” I said then, rolling over and climbing on top of her while tickling at her ribs and being playful...

“We have an appointment to keep with a very important lady... My sister Beverley, and as I’m sure you can tell from meeting her already, if we’re late it won’t be Mitch spanking your bum... It’ll be Beverley tanning both of our hides -so come on, we can shower together... Will that keep you satisfied until I can get you back here in my bed..?” I said back to her as I leaned in and kissed her on the lips, not just a peck and not a fevered make-out session either... Just a soft, loving kiss with our lips meeting and tongues, gently merging, our eyes closed, enough to keep her passion, enough to leave her wanting more...

Breaking our kiss and smiling up to me Susan, being more playful than I’d seen her, smiling while wrinkling her nose, she said back to me... “Hmmm? I wouldn’t mind going over Beverley’s knee... I mean Ms. Wallace...”

“Oh you bad girl..! Now come on, we don’t have much time and if you don’t get moving, I’ll tell Bev what you just said -- and from what you’re saying, you’ll probably like what she has to say about that..!” I answered back as I finally wrestled Susan out of my bed and had us both heading to my walk-in shower.

In the large, glassed-in shower stall together, Susan was insatiable running her hands all over my body, kissing my shoulders and neck, feeling me up while pretending to wash me down. I didn’t mind really, I was just so surprised with how easily she had turned...

But then again, I had to reason in the fact that the poor woman had been completely love starved for God knows how long, so any intimacy like this, even with, or maybe especially because I was a woman, not a man -- a threatening, vindictive and downright nasty piece of work like Mitch, it was all that more special to her, it was like she was being born anew and was discovering this whole other dimension to life as an adult woman.

And besides, I wasn’t complaining, I had her now and she seemed just as submissive and willing -- even joking that she wouldn’t mind submitting to Bev, my very demanding Alpha-lesbian-card-carrying-feminist older sister...

Her willingness was turning me on and even I had to fight myself from having her go down on me right there in the shower, but in this line of thinking, I came up with a little plan...

“I’ll tell you what Susan, when we get back, when ever that is, you and I are going to take a long hot bath together and while I have you naked in my tub, I’m going to tidy up that ‘birds-nest’ you’ve been hiding in your panties for far too long I would suspect...” I said to her and trying to sound casual as I stepped out of the shower and turned to hand her a bath towel.

“Here...Can you dry me..?” I asked then handing her the towel and offering her my wet naked body, Susan smiled stepping out, gladly setting herself to task, even ignoring her own dripping body in favour of seeing to my needs...

This was all going so well and I felt so good about this that as she dried me off, lovingly running the towel over my wet skin, I had to bite my lip thinking that if things continued like this, and at this pace, I might have to be careful in finding myself falling in love with her...and it wouldn’t be the first time either...

“I don’t have much to wear; I just packed what I thought I might need when I rushed out of there last night... Will a pair of slacks and sweater be okay to go see your sister? Or should I try and sneak back home and find a dress or something..? I’m sure Mitch is usually long gone by this time...” Susan asked me then as I dressed in a tiny pair of pink panties and matching bra, before finding a dressy pair of slacks to wear as well.

I knew Bev was okay with jeans on the weekend or just around the house but I also knew that she wouldn’t be too pleased if I showed up at her office dressed that casual.

“A dress would be nice but we don’t really have the time Susan, I’m wearing a pair of dress slacks as well so, yeah, you’ll be fine like that... It was good of you to ask though, I know Bev appreciates respect like that, you know, I mean since she is doing this form you, pro-bono...”

I did like seeing Susan in dresses and skirts, I can remember watching her coming and going and loving how she would just seem to flow up her driveway, grocery bags in hand and her lovely skirt or dress hem, fluttering along with her under her even present cardigans. She always looked so womanly, feminine -- and I loved that...

“Oh... Okay well, I just need to tie up my hair and throw on a little make-up and I’ll be ready... Do you want me to make coffee? I know I’d love one..? Susan asked then as she finished dressing and grabbed her little make-up bag out of her suitcase.

“We can hit a drive-thru’ on the way... I mean look at the time... Plus we have to drive down town and find parking so...” I said back to her as I rushed around getting myself together, where then, not ten minutes later, we were both in my little sports car, buckled up and heading towards Beverley’s office down in the city center.

As I had said before, my sister Bev had never married, she is a devout feminist and yes, she is also a confirmed lesbian, yet it wasn’t like I’d followed in her footstep with the dominant aspect of our lives, and of course that I also prefer woman over men... But indeed our situations are different...

Beverley who is 4yrs older than me has always been a lesbian and I’m not sure if she’s ever been with a man, because with Bev, that’s not the sort of thing you ask her...

That’s where we differ, where I’m more of ‘trained’ lesbian I guess you could say, as I came to this cross roads with Karen Alder and ‘discovered’ this side of myself - whereas with Beverley, she always knew that she liked girls -- and her dominant personality? That was always there... I survived enough Indian-wrist-burns as child to prove it.

And again more like Susan than me, Beverley is also a tall woman, easily 6ft in heels, but she tends to stay lower to the ground in Cuban heels and power-suits -but still, she’s also a big woman who had more of our Father’s gene’s that made her large-framed, where I on the other hand, I had inherited more of our Mother’s lesser, slight frame.

So needless to say, Beverley wasn’t only my older sister growing up, she was also my tormentor and I swear that’s where she learned to be as dominant as she is -- from pushing me around... And even yes, for a time or two she doled any discipline needed to keep me in line if Mom or Dad weren’t around.

***

With the car parked and our take-away coffee’s in hand Susan and I were made to wait in the reception area of Beverley’s office way up on the 37th floor, waiting and wondering still why she wanted the both of us here. I just hoped we weren’t in any kind of trouble that might jeopardise Susan’s case.

I had a feeling Bev was upset about something because of the way she skipped the pleasantries in greeting us but rather opened her office door and ushered us in saying “Come... The two of you...” and using a tone that had both of us rising with caution, sharing a worried look as we followed my older sister into her office.

“So tell me...” Beverley began as Susan and I took our seats in front of her big oak desk.

“Why did I get a phone call from Mitchell Reid’s lawyer at 7:30a.m this morning telling me that his client’s soon to be ex-wife was seen sneaking into my younger sister’s house last night -- and where she stayed until I received this very early phone call..?” Beverley said to us both as we turned together, mouths open not believing what we were hearing...

“Bev...? You cannot be serious..?” I began, sitting forward in my chair, ready to stick up for Susan...

“Mitch threw her out, or threatened her and she had nowhere to go -so yeah... I had her stay with me... What of it..?” I shot back then, I was pissed now, never mind Bev...

“Is this true..?” Bev asked turning to Susan who was just sat there, stunned as I was...

“Y-yes... Yes Ms. Wallace... He -- he started yelling at me and calling me nasty, dirty names and said that I was a diesel-dyke who was fucking—I mean that I was sleeping with our neighbour... And then... And then he -- he spanked me...” Susan confessed and even going so far as to tell Bev about being punished, my eyes went wide when she told her that, that Mitch had spanked her before she had come knocking at my door and even Bev raised an eyebrow, but she didn’t say anything more about the incident.

However, wanting to support Susan, I turned to look at her as I smiled and took her hand in mine, letting her know that I was on her side.

Oh! -and how she addressed Bev..? Calling her Ms. Wallace..? -with such respect and even an amount of fear coming through in her voice? God I didn’t think I could be any more turned on with hearing just a couple of words... “Yes Ms. Wallace...” Ummm... She made me so wet hearing her say that, my knees were left quivering.

But still, I needed to focus... I knew that even if Mitch had figured out that Susan and I had spent the night together as lovers, naked and wrapped up in each other’s arms..? So fucking what..? Her new life has nothing to do with her old life, and as far as I was concerned, it was Mitch who made the choice... Not Susan -- so fuck him! That’s what I thought...

“And are you..?” Bev asked us both next...

“Are we what..? Lovers..? Like Mitch thinks..? Well Beverley - that’s for us to know and for Mitch to find out now isn’t it..?” I countered but I knew enough not to get too cheeky with my older sister because she and I - we do share a secret of our own, one that I should be more mindful of sometimes...

“Now --now.... Don’t be like that with me Heather, you know better... Remember, I am on your side here so if the two of you have anything to tell me, you’d betters say it because if this goes to court and I’m not privy to everything... You know exactly what will happen, won’t you Heather..?” Beverley said to me then, putting me in my place.

“No... You’re right... I’m sorry Bev...” I started to say but then, she stepped in and corrected me with a single look and made me blush as I apologized to her again but in the way I knew she wanted and expected me to...

“Ms. Wallace... I’m sorry Ms. Wallace...And yes... I know - I know what will happen...”

I was so embarrassed having to say that in front of Susan, having to address my sister as she had and made it sound so cute, where with me it was more of a dominance thing between my sister and me, calling her as the name-plate on her desk would suggest -- calling her ‘Ms. Wallace’ my own sister no less...

It was strange though, I found it sexy as hell when Susan addressed Bev as such, but when I had to say it? Somehow for me it lost its lustre, it was embarrassing because of the dominant persona I wanted to portray in front of Susan, and here was my sister, knocking me down to the same peg.

Susan just looked at me rather stone faced if not afraid and not understanding what was going on between Bev and me... I knew I’d have some explaining to do later.

“Okay... Well, I’m glad we have that settled, and believe me ladies, I’m the last one who would frown on the two of you ‘getting together’...” Bev began again and thankfully sounding much more calm and collected, even pointing put that she herself didn’t mind the two of us having a little fun, or ‘getting together’ as she put it...

“However... What I do need to know is will Susan be calling your house her new address..?” Bev asked as we both sat there quiet. I had said Susan could stay as long as she wanted, so I piped up and spoke for her...

“Yes, Susan will live with me and she can stay for as long as she wants or needs... I’m more than willing to help her out anyway that I can... -and even Sarah, she can stay with us too once her school term is finished... If she needs to I mean, after all she’s what now Susan..? How old..?” I said then telling Bev that my new, older --yet much less experienced lover would be staying with me --and Susan, she didn’t object and seemed to be right on board, especially seeing her eyes light up with pride at the mention of her daughter Sarah.

“She’s 22yrs old and you’re sure..? I mean, I don’t know what her plans are form when she finished school but it’s nice to know she can stay with me... So that’s alright with you..?” Susan confirmed, telling us Sarah’s age and then asking again if it was okay -- I was more than fine with it... And so was Bev...

“Yes, this is all good -but tell me Susan... Do you have any means of supporting yourself until we get the divorce settled..? Or do you plan on living off of my sister’s back for the next six to eight months, or maybe even longer, depending on how long this is dragged out, which it might just be the case from the looks of how your husband keeps throwing these hissy-fits...”

Susan went blank with the question, she was a homemaker, a house wife and always had been one, so I could understand her sudden plight of having to face this reality, she was under skilled for the workforce and probably hadn’t even thought of finding a job up to this point, until it was mentioned by Bev.

However...

“She can come work for me...” I jumped in again, sitting forward in my chair as I took up Susan’s hand in mine, surprising them both as I did so.

“The fall conference season is coming up, I can put her on as a server, and I’ll need extra staff anyway...” I said then explaining to Bev that the company I run is a catering service that provides food, drink and staff for conferences in local hotels and convention centres and how seeing that it was coming into our busiest season...

It was true, I would need extra staff and as far as being able, or having the skills? I was more than sure that this was something Susan could easily cope with and I felt proud of myself for thinking of it so quickly, because to be honest, and not unlike Susan, employment on her end wasn’t something I had thought of either.

I own most of the company, the bank owns the rest. It’s something that I worked my way up through since I left high school and eventually, with some investment advice from Bev over the years, I was able to buy the controlling interest in ‘my’ company ‘Wallace Catering Services’...

Susan was sat up right now, after hearing all of this, with me jumping in and more or less dictating her future, but I don’t think she was complaining and neither was I as I smiled inwardly thinking that along with ‘serving’ in the convention halls, I was also going be having Susan ‘serving’ me at home as well, yet in completely different capacity...

Again I felt my pussy coming alive, filling with blood and feeling heavy in my little panties... I couldn’t wait to get out of there and get her home again while thinking of putting her into some skimpy little maid’s uniform and having my way with her, even spanking that beautiful ass of hers...

But of course, I was just day dreaming, fantasising... For now...

“Okay well... I’m satisfied...” Bev said then, rolling her chair back.

“But I’m warning the two of you - and especially you Heather...” She added in as we all stood, brining our meeting to an end and at the same time, laying down another stern warning, mostly intended for me of course.

“If you’re having Susan stay with you, right next door to her ex-husband while the divorce is taking place, I don’t want to be getting ANY phone calls hearing that the two of you have pulled some kind of vindictive stunt... And that’s why I’m pointing at you Heather, I don’t want any antics or you know what I’ll do...” Bev threatened and I listened, I knew better now.

Twenty years ago however? Maybe not so much, I was a bit wild back then and probably would have pulled some kind of prank or stunt as my older, wiser and very dominant sister was alluding to...

“Trust me... That’s the old me Bev, I know better now... I promise I won’t mess this up, and besides, if there is anyone who can screw with Mitch? I know it’s you...” I said back to her, tying to quell any more fears she may have about me taking matters into my own hands. Which I wasn’t - not now anyway, now that I had been warned...

“Well, that’s good to hear and just so you know, Mitch is grasping at straws by calling his lawyer in on this, you are right Heather, it is none of his business -but just be sure and stay clear of him if you can...”

Bev went on then, turning her attention to Susan this time...

“And Susan, that goes double for you... I’m afraid that since you’ve chosen to leave, for your own safety or not, you can’t go back now, even for a pair of socks... But don’t worry, soon enough you’ll have everything back, just don’t go into that house unless I tell you its okay... Are we clear..?” Beverley asked Susan then as we were stood out in the reception hall, ready to make our departure.

“Ye -- Yes Ms. Wallace... I won’t go over, I promise...” Susan answered back in her submissive, quiet, respectful voice. I thought it was cute and I didn’t think I’d ever stop being amazed with this woman. She’s so tall, gorgeous and confident looking on the outside, but inside? She’s a frightened little mouse ready and willing to be led through this maze, looking for that bit of cheese at the end...

And that’s what I was just about to do... Lead her back... Back to my house and into my clutches, leading her back... back into my bed...

***

Driving out of the city and back towards the suburbs, I could tell Susan had questions for me but she seemed a little too shy and reluctant to ask.... So I did it for her, I broached the subject I believed was on her mind.

“So I guess you’re wondering what all that was about between Bev and me huh..?” I asked as we drove with my eyes on the road, one hand on the wheel and Susan’s hand in my other.

“Oh hey... Listen, that’s none of my business... You -- you don’t have to tell me...” Susan began but now though, I knew I had to tell her, how could I not..?

