 This is a long story, 13809 words. It's based on actual events. If you are looking for quick sex then this is not for you. The first chapter simply sets the background. The second gets a little raunchy but you need to wait for chapters three and four to get to the real action. Please enjoy

*****

CHAPTER ONE

BELL MEETS SUSAN 

I was standing at the bar of Cats which happens to be my most successful lesbian wine bar. Being just after six there were only four couples and three single women escaping the cold crowded street on an evening that the weather watchers said was going to be a very stormy night. I was talking with the woman behind the bar when a small Asian girl entered. Regardless of her being quite grubby in torn jeans and a shirt missing several buttons I could see that if given a good bath she would be a very beautiful young girl. As she approached the bar I gave the bar tender a nod indicating that she could serve her.

I watched her take the wine and select a small table for two where she listened to the music tentatively sipping her wine. Stepping back into the shadow of the bar I stood observing this sad frightened withered flower noticing her start whenever someone entered. As she was about to take her final sip I approached her table and sitting, presented her with a fresh glass.

"I have not seen you here before. Oh, sorry my name is Bell." 

At first, I thought she was going to run but as she looked up at me she hesitated and relaxed taking her fresh glass before introducing herself as Susan. Now that I was close to her I could see that she had been crying recently so I reached over and taking her hand asked her what had brought her in here this evening. She looked at me much like a rabbit caught in a spotlights beam but again looking into my eyes she relaxed and in a soft voice she began her story. 

"Yesterday when my mother found some marijuana in my bedroom draw and after a terrible scene I was told to leave the house. Last night I slept in the bandstand down in Bannon Park and during the night was woken by a man groping me, he held a dirty hand over my mouth and began to fondle my breasts and pussy. There were other people sleeping and I think that stopped him physically raping me. Once I had cum he took my backpack which contained clothes and the one hundred dollars I had in my purse. I was frightened because he said he would murder me if I cried out. In the morning having twenty dollars in my pocket I went to a café frequented by my old school friends and had a coffee and raisin toast. Seeing I had lost everything I walked home hoping my parents had forgiven me, but my father just said no thank you closing the door in my face."

"I was on my way to the station because it would be warmer there than at the bandstand but was followed by the man who raped me last night and that's why I ducked in here."

"So, you now have almost no money and no home to go to?"

Nodding she began to cry silently the tears running freely down her cheeks as I sat looking at her thinking how beautiful she would look if she soaked in a hot bath and was given some fresh clothes: she would be a rare beauty. She wasn't tall being a bit over five feet and because her blouse was missing three buttons I had a good view of her breasts which were small meaning that she did not need a bra. I felt my pussy tense when I got a glimpse of her nipple as she lent to take her glass.

We sat in silence for five minutes as we sipped our wine and listened to the music until finally I made a decision that was to change both our lives.

"Listen Susan I live forty minutes from here and I am asking if you would like to accompany me home. You can have a hot bubble bath and although you are shorter than me there is not that big a difference, so I am sure you could fit into some of my clothes. You can have your own room and after breakfast tomorrow we will sit and have a good chat about what to do with you: lets finish our drinks and go home, I have plenty of food, so I can prepare a good meal for you."

"Oh, thank you so much you are so kind, but I cannot pay you for your hospitality."

"Susan, I don't remember asking for payment I am simply offering you a good night's sleep in a warm bed after a good bath and a meal."

"Oh, thank you, then I would really appreciate it and I won't be a nuisance I promise."

Reminding me of a frightened rabbit I took her hand leading her out onto the street just as my bus arrived. As we traveled I explained to Susan that although I have a car the bus stops right outside my house. 

Leading her into the long hallway of my two-bedroom weatherboard house I took her to the bathroom and drawing a tub and adding plenty of bath salts I told her to take her time and relax. Leaving her to undress I went to my bedroom and collected a pair of track pants a blouse and an old woolen jumper she could wear in the morning. Seeing that I am only five feet six I knew that these clothes would be quite presentable around the house.

Opening the bathroom door, I apologized to Susan while collecting her clothes and leaving the fresh ones. As I was about to close the door I looked at her reflection in the mirror already noticing the change. I have always loved small breasted women and seeing her breasts above the water I felt my pussy quickly convulse soaking my thong.

As I have said I am five feet six with long blond hair and although I regard my breasts as small they are much larger than Susan's. My friends say that I am pretty, but I am not that sure. I am a confirmed lesbian and have known this since I turned eighteen although before that I found it difficult to be in the changing rooms after sport because I would find myself checking out my friends in the showers andI was terrified of being caught out. I am twenty-six and because my parents died in a car accident two years ago I am now independent and the director of the family businesses. 

I had a big terrine of vegetable soup in the fridge, so I heated that while cooking some potatoes to accompany some sausages as our main course. I was just cutting some asparagus to blanch when Susan entered the kitchen.

She took my breath away her long, now shiny black hair cascading over her shoulders going almost to her bum framed her face. She was obviously of Chinese descent, but I found her blue eyes a mystery. Her face was like a small tear drop with a high ridged nose and full pouting lips. Later I was to see that when she smiled a small dimple formed on her lower cheek. Looking down I saw that she was slim, and her hips were well defined for a girl her size. Welcoming her I motioned for her to take a seat at the table and pouring a glass of Shiraz I gave her a bowl of soup and a small dinner roll. 

I watched as she wolfed the food realizing just how hungry she was. Fifteen minutes later I joined her at the table as we had our sausages. She helped me clear everything away before we retired to my lounge and listening to music I asked her to continue her story. 

"I am almost nineteen and have completed school. My father is from Hong Kong while my mother is German they are very wealthy and very strict Catholics. Just after my eighteenth birthday I gave my virginity to the captain of my school's rugby team. The next week was wonderful and I fell hopelessly in love with him. The next weekend he told me that he had met a very beautiful girl and that she was a virgin, so he dumped me."

"I was broken and didn't go out with any boys until four months later. I had accompanied my parents to a meal at very old friends of ours. That evening I was seduced by their son Derek. He introduced me to marijuana and although I knew there would be hell to pay if caught smoking it I shrugged it off because just the fact that I was no longer a virgin meant, in my father's eyes at least, I would go to hell."

"Once again I fell in love with Derek and life once more was wonderful: you see I love my orgasm. He would always make sure that I had enough dope to last the week and on weekends we would go to dances and make love. That all came to an end two days ago when my parents told me to get out of their home."

"That night I slept in the old Bandstand and as I have already told you I was raped and my backpack including one hundred dollars was stolen. I had tried to contact Derek, but my parents had already phoned his parents and he refused to help me. I think that I may have died tonight if you had not rescued me."

Taking her hand, I led her back upstairs to the guest room stopping at the door I explained that there was a small en-suite attached to the room and that if she looked in the top draw of the dresser she would find a nightdress. We stood in silence and I knew that I wanted to kiss her but not wanting to frighten her I simply touched her cheek telling her to have a great night's sleep. In the morning I was in the kitchen making a batch of pancakes when I heard Susan enter: wrapped in a fleecy bath robe she looked delicious. 

That morning I took Susan shopping for clothes and personal affects we stopped at a pub and shared a plate of chips and beer before heading back home where we sat in the lounge drinking tea talking about the mornings shopping and when I felt she was relaxed enough I led her round to where we left off last night.

"So, Susan what were you planning to do after finishing school?"

"I was going to take a gap year and then I wanted to complete a degree in business management. But all that is in the past now."

"Susan, I think you are gathering that I am financially independent you see my parents died two years ago and left me all their businesses. These include the wine bar where we met, it's one of a nationwide chain. I think I told you of the bookshop I work in, well I own that business as well: we trade in antique books and photographs. The tower that it's in is also owned by me and all the businesses on thirty floors pay rent to my company."

"I also own eight large properties where we grow canola, cotton and wheat as well as two cattle and sheep studs."

"You are in a very serious situation and I can offer employment where you will be responsible for all the cataloging and placing for sale online of all our stock in the bookshop. Yesterday I gave the person responsible for these duties notice. You may live here until you have gotten on your feet and then we can work out where you go from there."

"Oh my God thank you so much I accept your offer and Bell I will help with the house chores and everything. I will do anything you ask of me I promise."

"All I ask is that you complete your work duties, as for living here it's my pleasure because we seem to be getting on well and anyway I need company because my partner of two years deserted me for another last year and I get terribly lonely especially on weekends."

Over the months Susan and I became best friends. I had never gotten over my love for her and knew that one day I must make a pass at her. She had never suspected that I was lesbian even not realizing that most of the nightclubs we visited were gay and lesbian dedicated. All I could imagine is that her strict sheltered life with her Catholic parents had so sheltered her from the real world that she simply did not see anything suspicious. 

Then one morning I learned that I was needed in England to sign off contracts that would see my nightclubs open in that country. I was going to be away for seven days so decided to risk telling Susan about myself and hope that she would accept the proposition I wanted to give her. That evening we had dinner at home and as we sat relaxing with coffee and port I began to explain to her about my sexual preferences. I began by asking if she had ever seen anything unusual in any of the nightclubs we had visited and was amazed when she looked at me with a blank face seeing her baby blue eyes staring into mine.

"Susan those nightclubs are gay and lesbian nightclubs."

"Oh my God really? How fascinating I remember my parents ranting on one night about the daughter of a friend who had said she was lesbian. My father warned me that lesbians were sinners and would go to hell. That night before turning out my light I looked it up in my dictionary."

"Susan, I am a lesbian my late partner was a woman not a man."

"But I thought you said your late partners name was Charlie."

"That's right, it was short for Charmaine."

"You don't appear to be too concerned that I am lesbian."

"Bell ever since my parents chucked me out I have really discounted everything they ever told me. After all, how could parents especially the mother turn their back on their child. My father was the fanatic I remember my mother's sister telling me just before she died how my father had indoctrinated her once they got married. I am sure that if my mother had been allowed to have an opinion of her own I would still be living with them. Oh yes, my mother had no respect for people who did drugs and I would have been severely punished but not told to leave the home. Bell, I like you and I don't care what you are. After all, if it had not been for your kindness I would probably be dead now."

"So, you still have feelings for your mother?"

"No way she is a pathetic weak-minded cunt who cannot make a decision for herself. Mother, mother? I ask you! After going through the pain of giving birth mothers will usually fight for their young but not my mealy-mouthed slut of a mother."

I found it hard to get to sleep that night my thoughts were running wild I was to leave for London on the coming Wednesday evening which gave me just three days to talk to Susan about the future. I tossed and turned most of the night only grabbing two hours real sleep early in the morning. 

Although I was feeling like shit I sat down after breakfast and began to put my thoughts to Susan praying that she would at least think about it with a clear mind.

"Susan last evening I came out to you about me being lesbian. This morning I need to take this further and explain everything to you and all I ask is that you listen to me with an open mind and allow me to finish before you speak."

"That evening when I brought you home so that you could have a bath, a good meal and warm bed my intentions were not exactly honorable. You see I fell in love with you as soon as you stepped through the door of Cats. When I approached your table, my intention was to get you in my bed that night."

"It was your story that changed everything because I felt so sorry for you and that's how you arrived here and it's also how you got the job at my bookshop. But the fact remains that I am hopelessly in love with you. I don't expect an answer today or even this week all I ask is that you think it through and when you finally have your answer then tell me."

"Susan, I want you to become my lover and if you do this then I will provide all the funds so that you can do your business management degree and cover any other expenses you may have during that time. Once you have your degree I will employ you in a managerial role with one of my companies. I am telling you this now because as you know I am going to England for seven days and my flight departs this Wednesday evening. I am hoping it will be easier for you when I am away for the next week in order that you can think without feeling that I was trying to influence your thoughts."

For a long time, she remained silent."Can we go to Cats tonight? Because if you want me to make a fair and honest decision I want to see everything through my fresh set of eyes."

That evening was special because Susan didn't just look around her, she asked questions and when we danced many patrons looked at us with envy. We had always been good dancers but that evening we really became involved. When the music was slow Susan would rest her head into my shoulder even accepting the odd chaste kiss.

The next two days she said nothing but on seeing me off at the airport she gave me a quick almost embarrassed kiss on the lips saying that she was going to give my proposition her full attention.

CHAPTER TWO

SUSAN'S WEEK 

"God the silence." I said silently to myself. The house that's always filled with the Bell's noise was hauntingly silent. It was also ridiculously tidy but of course that's easy to explain: Bell's not here to make a mess.

All the first day I debated Bell's proposition. It was so difficult because I had no idea what sex between two women was like. Okay I knew about lesbians because there had been a scandal at my old school when a girl in my year had been caught kissing our young French teacher.

Once again, I recalled my father's rant about lesbians being evil sinners who would receive eternal punishment in hell. But Bell didn't appear evil. She had already explained how nervous she had been about her sexual preferences becoming known at school. I honestly felt she isn't the type to be caught doing something unacceptable and after all, if it had not been for her considerate humanity I would most likely be dead today. Once more I asked myself ... "Does that sound like a person who will burn forever in hell-fire?" All I knew was that I happened to be missing the most noisy, untidy and totally wonderful friend I had ever known.

That night I lay in bed masturbating and after a most unsatisfying climax I drifted into a fitful sleep waking at sunrise dreaming of Bell. "Fuck what's wrong with me? I am not lesbian, I have never been approached by a lesbian before." I don't even know if I agree with lesbianism, but I did know that I was really missing my lesbian friend Bell.

On the second evening I visited the pub down the road. This was where Bell and I had gone the evening before she left, and it gave me comfort that I was on familiar territory. I bought a wine sitting at the same table that I had occupied with Bell. There was a young female guitarist playing and she was very good, so I was listening to her when a man approached my table, he appeared to be about Bell's age. He was much bigger than me but that's not difficult. He was of rugged complexion and incredibly handsome. I quickly looked away not wanting to give him any ideas, but I also felt a strange excitement bubble through me.

After introductions I began to unwind joining him in conversation which I found both interesting and stimulating. Sam, always the gentleman bought me two wines and as the evening continued we listened to the guitarist and continued talking about everything and anything and at closing I found myself in a taxi with him.

We were silent during the twenty-minute ride and my thoughts were chaotic. At first, I thought of Bell and how hurt she would be, but this was always pushed aside when I thought of making love with Sam. He appeared different from the two other men I had made love with and allowing my pussy to do the thinking I knew what I wanted.

He had a small bed sitter, a lounge come kitchen and bedroom with the smallest bathroom I had ever seen. At first his love making was exceptional. He took his time kissing me with a passion I had rarely experienced before. After what appeared a lifetime he slid my shirt over my head fondling my breasts. He kept telling me how he loved Asian breasts. Again, he took his time and I began to moan as I felt my pussy begin to moisten. Continuing to moan and becoming restless as his hands and lips made love to my nipples and breasts I groaned as Sam unzipped my fly rubbing my clit. He was so incredibly patient and he was gradually bringing me to point of no return.

Things began to go wrong once he had removed my panties. I screamed when I felt his flat tongue graze across my swollen clit but sadly that's where his stimulation ended, and I felt him open my legs before possessing me. His cock was much bigger than I had ever experienced before, and I began to move with him my legs now wrapped across his strong buttocks. 
