 It was three days later and nearly 11p.m. at night before I heard from Susan again and judging from how frantic she seemed while repeatedly tapping the window of my kitchen door, I knew something wasn't right...

I was upstairs changing into my sleepwear when I thought I could hear something, then making my way down in just my short, satin nightie and also my short satin dressing robe, I entered my kitchen to see Susan standing there through the glass. I knew something was up, it was late, something must have happened.

Stepping over quickly, I unlocked the door before swinging it open wide to greet her there, but when I did not only was she crying again but she was also soaking wet...

"Oh Susan, not again?" I asked as I pulled the door open to see her there looking like a drowned rat, her hair matted down and wet, of course I hurried her in...

"Come in, quick, I didn't realize it was raining so hard..." I added while putting an arm around her, ushering her in from the drizzling rain, her hair looking wet in a mist of water droplets, but also her face was wet, yet with her tears, and not the pouring rain.

"What's happened now sweetie..?" I asked as I closed the door behind her, my arm still around her as she stepped in wheeling a small suitcase behind her.

"Oh Heather he was awful, we've just had a huge fight... His lawyer called him earlier and told him of the cease and desist order and when he hung up the phone he absolutely flipped out on me..." Susan cried as we stopped there in my kitchen with me putting both my arms around her now, her wet clothes pressing into me leaving me feeling her chill and also the wet coming through my thin robe and nightie.

"I couldn't stay there, I thought he might get even more violent so I pack a bag and left but... I don't... I-I don't have any where to go..." She added then as she completely broke down bursting into a deep sobbing fit of crying as I held her there close to me with her holding me back, putting one around me at my waist while she once more laid her head to my shoulder, wanting to hide her face, and her tears.

"Oh God honey, I'm so sorry, I was worried about something like this happening, Mitch going off on you once the action against him was put into place -and he also probably knows now that he can no longer sell the house out from under you..." I began, siding with her of course and also -- of course- seeing this as my next and best opportunity in using this latest turn of events in my favour...

And yes, I did know that I was taking advantage of her situation for my own gain... But that's what Dominants do... Isn't it? We look for the weakness and then pounce... And besides, I knew that I wasn't only doing this for me...I was also doing this for Susan...

Because the way I was seeing things? I was helping to set her free while at the same time also letting her experience more of who she really is... A submissive -- yet I didn't plan on ruling her with the fear of violence, no I was going to be much more subtle and let her true nature guide her and show her the way into my arms and yes, even possibly going over my knee --but in a much more of a nurturing, caring and loving atmosphere than Mitch was providing for her and that much I want to make sure.

And besides, if there was anyone who was abusing her? It was Mitch... He was leading her with fear, bulling and threatening her - and that's just plain wrong... It was a form of fascism as far as I was concerned, his tyranny - it needed to end...

"Okay, that's it..." I began then sounding pissed off, because I was -- but not with Susan...

"You're staying here with me Susan, and I won't take no for an answer..." I added as I ushered her in farther, taking her out into the living room with my arm around her and telling her to leave her little suitcase behind.

"Oh Heather... Are? Are you sure? I can go to a motel if you could maybe lend me the money... I - I don't know when I can pay you back though..." Susan answered still sounding unsure of herself but still not wanting to impose.

"No Susan, I wouldn't dream of sending you away now... You can't be left alone, you're far too upset and I don't blame you one bit... Now come through with me and I'll find you something dry to sleep in... 

"But I have my case... I can just sleep in my robe, I have it here..." Susan replied then saying she had some of her own clothes in her case but I wasn't going to give up...

"Oh come now Susan, I can't have you sleeping in just your panties and robe, I wouldn't dream of it... Come, come with me right now and we'll get you upstairs and changed, then we can sit and talk..." I said back her as I kept her up on her feet, turning her and directing her as we both made our way towards the stairs leading up to my second floor -- and my bedroom. 

I was pleased to see her co-operating and not putting up much of a fuss because as it turned out, in her panic to get away from Mitch, she hadn't thought about packing any PJ's or a night gown and she was quite humble in thanking me...

"You're sure? You -- you don't mind..? Really Heather you're being so kind to me even just helping me, and letting me stay the night... I'd just be so lost without you... So thank you, thank you again..." She said to me and even sounding like she was willing to do just about anything -- which gave me an idea...

Turning and smiling to myself I opened my lingerie drawer and instead of just finding her one of my nighties that probably wouldn't fit her, I remembered an item that I'd ordered on-line but it was too big for me so I never wore the sexy little white lace negligee, with a very low cut v-neck that would expose most of her big tits, not to mention that it was mostly transparent and very quite short at the hem line.

I had intended to send it back but after some time, I'd forgotten all about it until it was too late and oh well... At least I had it now... I just wondered though if it was too much, if Susan would give in and wear the wispy-thin nightie that I was looking for in amongst my lingerie -- my finery...

Saying nothing I laid the sexy little nightdress out on my bed as I then stepped to my closet where I found an equally small terry-cloth robe to put on over the negligee so that she wouldn't balk and turn down what I had for her to sleep in.

With the short pink terry-cloth robe in my hand I turned to see Susan not looking at me but looking to the negligee laid out on my bed, her eyes were wide in surprise... "I know it's probably not what you were expecting but to be honest Susan, I think it would be nice for you to wear this for me, it will make you feel more feminine and relaxed..." I said to her as she then looked up to me as I went on saying...

"You need to be pampered some after the ordeal you've been going through, so here, take this robe, and I'll step out of the room while you change... In fact, just come back down to the living room... I also think we both could use a night-cap of something a bit stronger than wine and I know just the thing..." I ended then smiling and not really giving her a choice.

Nodding with a weak and somewhat embarrassed look to her, she agreed with me and then smiling myself, I put a loving hand to her shoulder and once more assured her that everything would be alright...

"It's okay Susan, you're safe now, and you can relax and enjoy yourself a little. I know this is a trying time for you and that's why I want to help you and make you forget about all of this... even just for a little while..."

Looking to me I could see a fresh tear cresting in her right eye, she nodded once more and whispered "Thank- you.." as I then turned to leave her, closing my bedroom door with Susan stood there, my short pink robe in her hands...

***

Out in the hall and biting my lip to stifle a moan, I quickly shucked my panties, stepping out of the 'wet-again' little things and thinking as quick, I stuffed the pair under a stack of folded bed sheets in the hallway linen closet before I slipped into the main bathroom to give myself a quick freshen-up.

I mean, after all, I was getting ready for bed and had my make-up off, so with a quick brush of rouge to my cheeks and an even quicker run around each eye with an eyeliner pencil, I also left my robe off leaving me in just my little nightie as I grabbed a tube of light lip gloss and headed down stairs to wait for Susan, back on my living room couch.

Figuring that it might take her a few minutes in changing and also deciding if she could face me dressed in the impossibly short negligee I'd given her to wear, thinking and contemplating what else it might mean, or what more I might want from her... I didn't care if she was slowly figuring things out, I was positively swimming as I threw a soft blanket across the cushions fearing I might ruin my couch with my excitement - that's just how wet all of this was making me... 

Sitting for a second, I remembered that I wanted to grab a bottle of sherry I'd been saving. Well, not that I drink a lot of sherry at my age, but it is like ten-times stronger than wine so; I thought it would be perfect. 

Anyway, remembering, I jumped up and went to the credenza where I keep different types of spirits, not the normal stuff like rum or vodka -- but things like Schnapps and this bottle of dry sherry I've kept around because Bev likes a taste as an after any time I've had her over for dinner, but again, it wasn't all that often...

Returning with the already opened bottle and two small glasses, I hit the remote on the gas fire place giving the room a wonderful, romantic glow -and with my stomach churning in the anticipation while trying to keep my hands away from myself, I waited for Susan to come back into the room through the glassed-in French doors that lead out into the hall and the stairway up to the bedrooms.

Biting at my nails this time -then at last, I could see her reaching the bottom of the stairs. Obscured through the small glass panels, I could at least she that her legs were bear... She had changed!

With a huge smile on my face I sat there and watched as she tentatively walked across the cold tiled hall in her bare feet, her hands clutching at the hem line of her robe, looking like she was trying to pull down what she could of the extremely short thing I'd given her to wear.

"Hey there you are! And don't you look pretty too!" I gushed as she entered...

"And Susan..?" I went on in a question, as she stepped through the glass doors, quietly closing them behind her. 

"My --Oh --My honey what legs you have honey! You really are a hidden hottie aren't you..?" I said to her then causing her to look up to me from where she had her eyes cast to the floor.

Blushing like crazy she hesitated, surveying the scene I had laid out for us, the fire, the bottle of sherry and glasses, not to mention how I had her dressed. I knew that Susan was rather naive about some things but I'm sure by now she must be figuring this out... 

But still, I didn't just jump on her... No I played things cool...

"Come sweetie... Sit, sit with me, I have some wonderful sherry for us and a fire to warm you up after being left out in the rain..." I said to her then, inviting her over and using the rain as my excuse for the sherry and the cozy fire...

Slowly and still on tippy-toes while clinging to her hemline, Susan stepped my way, taking my out stretched hand and sitting beside me, I watched her closely, admiring her lovely, womanly body. Her legs looked flawless, no varicose veins or spidering, wrinkles or sags, just smooth shaved, pretty legs.

I couldn't wait to find out if the rest of her was the same...

As she sat it was easy to see that she did indeed have the little while lace negligee on under the robe and wanting to see her in it, I sat forward while pouring out two glasses of the fortified wine and also, picking up the handy remote for my gas fire place, I turned the heat up two notches on the dial, wanting to warm her up and chase her out of that robe if I could.

"Here we go hun' that's it sit back and relax, have some of this lovely sherry I've been saving, it'll warm you right up and so will the fire...And If I can say Susan..." I said pausing and looking at her.

"Thank you so much for wearing what I've given you, it's very respectful of you, and I just want you know that I appreciate your doing little things like this for me... Like when you so thoughtfully rubbed my feet for me..." I said to her as she sat back, trying to keep her robe somewhat closed, being shy yet as well, being obedient.

"Mmmm..." This is nice... I do like sherry, my Aunt Brenda used to let me sip at hers during Christmas when I was a teenager... And really... I mean Heather, you've been so --so nice, honestly, all of this it's --it's... Oh I don't how I can say this..." Susan went on opening up a bit about where we were and what we were doing, but then she slipped, getting caught up in her thoughts.

I was fearing she was about to wiggle her way out, like this wasn't what she wanted...

"Oh please hun' you don't have to thank me, I like having you here and besides, there was no way I was leaving you alone tonight... Even if you did insist on going to a motel, I would have went with you... I want to make sure you're okay..." I said then, thinking quickly and wanting to her know that I was more concerned about her rather than anything else I may have been thinking... 

This was true... To a point...

But then... Susan started crying again...

"Oh Heather... You don't know how much... How much this means... this mean to me..." She said then, stuttering out her sentence as she surprised me by not only letting go of her emotions -but also, how she reached out to me, her two arms going out and around my neck, pulling me to her in an embrace as we sat side by side on my couch.

Shocked myself but happy of course, and with my arms coming up under hers, I hugged her back, pulling her as close to me as she was pulling me to her... Crushed together like this her big tits were unmistakeable as I felt their weight and size pressing into me, hugging her like that, I didn't know what to think -- but again, I could feel her shaking, sobbing... I eased off some leaning back, not letting go, just enough to look her into her eyes.

I was ready to kiss her, or kiss her back if she had made the move first but she didn't, and neither did I... Slowly she let me go, slipped her arms back but not entirely. She left her hands clasped around the back of my neck, our foreheads touching and with her eyes closed I could feel that she was torn, thinking and wondering where all of this was going.

"I've never... I've never been with a girl Heather..." Susan said softly then while still clinging to me, her head next to mine, I said nothing back but turned my head and kiss her temple softly, then moving lower I kissed her cheek where I felt her move, turning her own head she kissed me back, she kissed my cheek then lower, we both turned our eyes closed as our lips met but only for a moments light, gentle kiss.

"Mmmmph..." Susan mewed...

"Shhhh... It's okay baby... its okay..." I whispered into her ear then kissed her cheek again as we both leaned back some, enough for our eyes to meet, her looking to me, her eyes pleading and waiting to be told - told what she should do.

Wanting and needing to bring us both down some, I settled the two of us back without saying anything about her comment or our first soft initial kisses, the glancing of our lips upon our cheeks as we shared this moment of closeness. I knew Susan was at her most vulnerable in this moment, I chose to back away and make these moments of her nervous apprehension last just that much longer.

"Here... Let's enjoy some of this lovely sherry, I'm sure you could use a drink right about now, let's sit back and catch our breath shall we..?" I said then as I let her go and she did to, letting her hands slip from my neck to my shoulders where I wasn't mistaken, she wanted to linger, reluctantly letting me go.

"Mmmm this is nice... I love sherry; it warms you from the inside out..." I went on, trying to distract from the obvious sexual tension that had been building and reaching its threshold, yet still not wanting to let go completely, I kept a hand to Susan's bare knee, her skin feeling smooth and quite warm to the touch.

"So tell me Susan, what happened tonight? Did Mitch try to punish you or anything like that..? I mean, was he violent? If he was I think Beverley will want to know... You don't have to be afraid anymore, you're safe here and if it makes you feel any better, I'm going to insist that you stay here until all of this is cleared up, or until the two of you have had some sort of action in court telling you what you can and cannot do..."

"Oh Heather, he was awful..." Susan began; she had calmed down and was able to tell me now what happened.

"I was getting ready for bed, just like you were when I interrupted you; again I'm so sorry..." She continued but I stopped her again, reassuring her that she needn't worry...

"Hey come on now Susan, I've told you already that you're be staying here and you don't have to feel bad in the least, you're not putting me out... Now go ahead hun' you were saying how awful Mitch was being when he found out..?"

"Oh umm, yes... Yes I'm sorry; I know I do apologize too much... But umm... anyway... Yes Mitch was on the phone and then he went quiet, I could hear him because I was listening at my bedroom door, I knew something was up by the way he was talking to, I guess it was his lawyer..." Susan continued, but then stopping again, I smiled as she finished her glass of sherry and held it out wanting a refill, as much as I had in our or first meeting but this time, of course I obliged her instead.

"So go on Susan, what did he say? He didn't hurt you did he? Like spank you or anything..?" I asked then wanting to get her going again but then when I said it, when I mentioned spanking, I hoped I hadn't gone too far but lucky for me, it must have been a normal thing for her because she came right and admitted that yes... Yes Mitch had spanked her this very night... That and she told me so much more... More than I had even expected...

I was shocked to say the least but still, 'naughty me' found a way to use this to my advantage...

"Yes... Yes he did spank me, he came right into the bedroom without saying anything but telling me to get into my position and then when I did, when I went over his knee, he pulled down my panties and spanked me saying that I was very bad in getting my own lawyer and now we're going to have to do things the 'hard way' as he put it..."

"Oh God Susan, I'm so sorry honey... I could go over there and kill that bastard right now but no... We have to stay level headed and let Beverley deal with this... We'll call her and tell her in the morning..." I said to Susan then as I tossed back the rest of my sherry and refilled both of our glasses -- again...

I was shocked with this turn of events, for two reasons. One being that Mitch was like this, crossing the line from dominant husband to now committing downright assault and also, secondly was how Susan herself reacted...

"Oh please Heather, can we please keep this to ourselves? I don't want the courts to know that Mitch punishes me and spanks me sometimes. I'd be too embarrassed to sit there, please Heather can we leave that out and keep it just between you and me..? For now at least..?" She pled then went on doing something that took me completely by surprise.

"And here see? It -- it wasn't too bad this time..." Susan went on as she turned in her seat, nearing the edge as she leaned forward while lifting her robe and nightie up and away exposing her bare and indeed somewhat pink looking bum cheek to me before casually righting herself after showing me her freshly spanked ass -- or part of it anyway...
