 I was looking forward to having Susan stay with me as we waited for the outcome of her divorce proceedings...and I was also looking forward to having Susan dressed in her new uniform, the one I'd have her wearing at home when I wanted her looking sexy, slutty and submissive.

I will admit though, this woman and her wonderful attitude towards playing this little game we had going, she was wearing me down and questioning how I might want to proceed with her.

However... After spanking her with my new leather covered paddle, and then dressing her up looking like an escort in her micro-mini and that darling see-through chiffon blouse, oh and also that devilish little quarter-cup bra that barely kept her lovely big titties held at bay? 

Yes... I knew I still wanted to be her dominant lover - my top to her bottom...

Later that evening we both received the same type of twin text from Beverley, this one saying "Good News... Call me... One of you..."

Susan and I looked to each other smiling and wondering...

"Hi Bev, its Heather! What's up..? You said there was good news..?" I asked then as I called Bev straight away.

"Really..? You'll meet us here tomorrow at 10a.m with a police escort..? Why the police..?"

"Wow! Okay, sure we'll be ready..."

"What's that Bev..? No... No we haven't set foot over there... I think you're warning was more than enough, we know what's at stake..."

"Okay...Thanks and have a good night Bev, thanks for this... Bye!"

Hanging up and looking to Susan -who appeared to be white as a ghost wondering what had happened as she listened to my half of the conversation with Bev I tried to put her at ease, beaming a huge smile and saying "Good news Susan!" in an up-beat chirp and sounding happy.

"What? What is it? Tell me please I'm dying here!" She replied then almost dancing in place with the anticipation and worry

"Well... According to Bev, she and a cop are going to meet us next door where Mitch is being forced to allow you in to collect your personal belongings and also he'll be handed a subpoena to appear in court under a charge of abandonment for kicking you out with no means of supporting yourself!" I said to her explain what Bev had told me and from the look on her face she could hardly believe what I was saying... 

And nor did I really... I wasn't too sure of the legal mumbo-jumbo but I took what Bev was saying to mean that because she and Mitch are married, it's illegal for him to chuck her out without means, such as money and her basic belongings, like clothes and tooth brush, stuff like that... 

What the charge entailed and how this would affect Mitch? That much neither of us knew at that time and we'd have to let Bev tell us all of the details in the morning.

I think Susan was happier that something good was finally happening more than the thought of going home to collect her things and it made me think that if she felt any remorse or sadness, I'd be there for her and support her, letting her know that in the end, she would be getting her house back -just not with that lying, cheating, misogynist - asshole Mitch living there as her useless husband. 

She knew her marriage was over and this thing with me, it may have just been a distraction or as I hoped, more of an awakening to discovering more about herself as a sexy, vibrant woman of age and also more of 'who' she is and sees herself living in this lifestyle now... I guess that might have been the most difficult thing to embrace and accept, but so far, she seemed to be enjoying herself as my submissive companion, my plaything... 

"Oh my God really..? I can go in and get my clothes and anything else that I want..?" Susan responded smiling and sounding like a kid being granted a birthday wish.

"Well, I don't think we'll be allowed to haul out the fridge or your bed set, but as for clothes and personal items, yeah... And the cop will be there to make sure Mitch keeps his distance while we're inside... Bev said that I was allowed to go in with you to help carry stuff..." I told Susan as she stood there still in her 'uniform' or slut-clothes is more like it, quaking and rocking in her high heels, excited and happy.

Wanting to end the night on a good note for her, I told her then that she could go change if she wanted to, I also told her we could open a fresh bottle of wine and discuss the future while snuggling on the couch in our robes.

"Oh thank you Heather, these shoes are okay, but until I get them broken in, they're killing my feet..!" Susan answered me then as she made her way towards the stairs, but then I had another idea...

"Ummm Susan..?" I said calling after her like I had a question for her, she turned and walked back to me in her bare feet, her shoes swinging from her two fingers.

"I know you're quite happy with this news and so am I... But do you know what would make me happier baby..?" I said to her, lowering my voice as I spoke, going sultry and dark.

"What...What's that Heather..? Ummm... Miss..?"She replied smiling cautiously, switching into her playful, submissive role.

"What would make me happy right now Suzy-Q is to watch you stand here and strip for me, give me a little show, thank me for sending my sister Bev after your dead-beat husband..." I began...

"And of course because you want to show me just how sexy you can be for me isn't that right..? Don't you want to be sexy for me..? Baby..?" I finished saying, pouting with my bottom lip and looking sexy right back at her.

Stopping in her place, Susan wasn't sure what to do... 

Then of course being the good, obedient subbie-girl that I know she is, she resigned to unbutton her blouse, looking shy had reserved as she slipped it from her shoulders, baring her glorious tits to me, held up with her little shelf-bra. And although visible through the sheer chiffon, it was still always a treat to see her exposing herself, which never failed in making my pussy feel wet and aroused.

And her big nipples too, I was falling in love with her dark pinky-brown coloured buds thinking that the only thing that could make them any sexier was if she had them pierced with a thing gold hoop running through each... Mmmmm... That thought had my motor running every time it popped into my head.

A wicked idea, I know... And although body modification wasn't entirely my thing, I don't know what it was about Susan and her nipples - but seeing them and getting to know her and her shy, house-wife routine of being this hot, but adorable submissive sex pot who keeps this side of her hidden - the idea of asking her to have her big, fleshy-thick nipples pierced had been floating around in my head for a while now -and I knew it wouldn't go away... 

It was deviant and sexy as hell to think of her doing this for me -but for now, this was something only to consider and for the time being I let the idea rest in my head. Planted like a seed where it would grow and evolve into what I hoped to be a reality of Susan allowing herself to give in to this ultimate sacrifice...

Okay, maybe it's not the 'ultimate' but still; it would be rather epic - at least...

***

Later that evening when I had Susan back in my bed, I had her go down on me again, just to get me off before we went to sleep. Which I know she enjoyed doing for me...

I did have more toys that I wanted to introduce to my new little lezzy-pet from next door, but I was tired and having Susan lull me to sleep with her tongue lashing my clit was more than enough to satisfy my wants and needs for the day... Also picturing her with those stunning nipples of hers pierced with a pair of classy looking gold rings was all the extra fuel I needed in lighting my fire while she dined on what was turning out to be her newest favourite food... My pussy.

Finished after making me cum, Susan curled up beside me in the bed and said nothing of my doing the same for her - making her cum. I think she knew herself which way this energy would flow as she wordlessly nestled in beside me, my arm around her as she lay her head on my bare chest, kissing each of my still pulsing nipples and saying a simple... "Good night Miss... Thank you..."

Smiling I kissed her forehead whispering "Your welcome" as we then drifted off...

***

Waking early, I felt Susan leaving the bed and as I lay there lazily half asleep, I heard the shower running and then as I dozed off once more, the next thing I knew, my lovely new bed-mate was presenting me with a tray full of coffee, toast and diced fruit...

"Mmmm! Well this is a nice surprise to wake up to..!" I said to her as she set the tray down and joined me on the bed.

"I wanted to thank you for doing so many things for me, including buying me my new clothes... Miss..." Susan replied then sounding as thankful as she looked dressed in just her robe again and not to be missed... Her reverting to calling me 'Miss'... It was almost like she wanted something...

"Oh calling me 'Miss' again are we..? What's the matter did you break something and your trying to soften the blow? Get me all buttered up so I won't get mad..?" I said quizzing her as I sat up smiling as we sipped our coffee with Susan sitting on the bed, her bare legs on display, one knee crossed over the other.

Turning to look at me, she took my hand in hers, gently her fingers interlacing with mine as we both watched while she looked to be lost in thought...

"I just want..." Susan started to say but then faltered, stopping to look off into some other invisible point in the room, the way I'd noticed she does whenever pressed or embarrassed... Like me biting my lip all the time. It was a cute little tick of hers that I was becoming familiar with, almost enough to predict.

Looking back to me, she found the courage to say what she was thinking, pondering. 

"I just want to be respectful of you Miss - and for how well you've taken care of me... I just want you to know that... That I like the things we do and - and I'm okay with everything and...and I want to please you in - in any way that I can..." She went on spilling her all and even calling me Miss like it was natural, normal -then once again, she stopped to think and take a breath - and surprising to me, she rose, setting her cup down before taking mine to do the same...

"Can you come with me..? Please..? There is something..." She said then while taking my hand and leading me out of the bed, me naked and her in just her short robe as together she walked me into the ensuite, where I watched saying nothing as Susan wordlessly slipped out of her robe and stepped into the shower stall where she then went to her knees upon the cold hard tile, her hand out offering me to enter and step in with her...

At first I was confused, but soon enough I caught on to what she was eluding to, what she wanted... I was shocked more than anything else... Turned on indeed but still, shocked no less...

"Will... Will you please Heather..? Will you make me yours? Please? Will you Christen me..? Miss..?"

With my mouth left hanging open as I stood there naked with her on her knees below me, her hand in mine, I could hardly think of what to say... Susan, my older hot neighbour who I'd rescued from her abusive husband and whom I'd also turned into my submissive lesbian lover... 

Now she wanted to take this further... Now she wanted me to take her, mark her... 'Christen' her with my pee as she so eloquently put it... She wanted me to piss on her in symbolic act of taking her and making her mine.

When the revelation hit me, I nearly squealed with the eroticism and the sheer, down-right dirtiness of such an act... But somehow I managed to keep my composure... 

"Are you sure Suzy-Q..?" Because if we do this... Ahhh! Oh! Ohhh... My!" I yelped then as Susan took it upon herself to demonstrate her will and want of becoming mine as she placed her hands at my hips and all but threw her pointed tongue into my pussy, parting my lips and licking me hard like she was trying to get me going, trying to get me aroused and give her what she wants.

"Ohhh fuck! Yesss Susan - Lick me... Mmmm..." I moaned out as I found myself suddenly over come with her fevered attack and falling into the wall, stepping back to support myself while Susan followed after me on her knees, chasing my pussy with her tongue, she looked desperate, hungry... 

Turned on now and more than willing to give Susan what she wanted, to be Christened by me, peed on and made to endure such a naughty, dirty thing, I growled at her while reaching down and running my fingers through her long sandy, blond hair, clutching at her near the back of her head, balling my fist as I held and controlled her every movement.

"Is that what you want Suzy-Q..? To be my dirty little piss-slut..? You want me to pee on you..? Claim you and make you mine..?" I growled at her as I gave my bladder a push sending first a spurt or two of my hot morning-piss out of my bladder and hitting her on the left side of her face as she tried then to turn away.

Yet with my fist locked firmly on her hair, she wasn't going anywhere and I decided right there that if she wanted this, I was definitely going to be the one directing the action, the one in control while Susan kneeling below me, she would take what she was given - she would take what she had asked for... I was going to 'Christen' her my way. 

"Ahhh! Ohh Miss..!" Susan belted out then as I held her face close to my pussy and let fly the rest of my morning pee instantly drenching her face and head, her eyes pulled tight and left sputtering as I shouted at her...

"Open your mouth Suzy-Q... Drink me you dirty girl... That's it...You're not just being Christened honey, anointed with my waters... Uh-Uh Suzy-Q... Today is you first communion and today you'll drink from my altar instead... So come on, that's it - get in there..!" 

"Unnnggg Ohhh! Oh Misss Please... Uhhh! Unnnggg... Mmmmph!" Susan choked and sputtered again as she let her mouth fill with my steaming flow before spitting it all out and letting run down her front, covering her tits and body with my expelled urine, while above her, I looked down in heated marvel and utter amazement that she was allowing this - neigh - 'Wanting' this to happen...

Actively holding her face up and with her mouth open, I found myself compelled to tighten my grip in her hair and pull her closer, closer to the point of her open mouth being place right on top of my spurting, pissy pussy lips, closing the gap and having her fill her mouth and even drink down the ebbing, waning crest of my flow...

Susan was taking me and drinking my piss, not only 'marking' her on the outside, but claiming her on the inside as well - taking Susan Reid and making me a part of her... It was cathartic and almost a religious experience for the both of us...

Yet still, it wasn't over - not quite...

"Ohhh yess Oh fuck Susan... Don't stop! Ohh lick me! Fuck you're such a baaaaad girl... Unnnggg!" I cried out cumming hard as Susan kept her mouth vacuum sealed to my pussy, flicking my clit with her tongue while taking in the last dribbles of my pee...  

It was amazing, the smell wretched and foul yet in that moment and consumed with something that was far and above any regular lust or sexual passions, a new height that I for one didn't know existed where together we reach some sort of different plane of existence... I didn't think I'd ever recover...

But I did recover, and so did Susan... 

Huffing still and out of breath I turned the shower to the 'hot' setting and stood there with Susan still on her knees as the water hit us, cold at first and making us brace and shriek yet soon enough we were both bathed in the waters heat, washing away our dirty rite, this passage into another form of existence between us that may have taken my acrid smelling piss down the drain - but forever it would remain as the symbolic stain of Susan giving herself to me, transferring the power over her from Mitch to me - Our 'Christening ceremony' complete... 

Having a long, hot and very soapy shower after that, Susan and I both emerged squeaky clean and ready to begin our day... But then - just how should we proceed..?

"Okay... You're going to have to explain yourself to me about this 'Christening' you've been so keen on having me perform, and now that I have given you what you want... From here on it's going to be about what I want... Is that clear..?" I said to her as we dried off...

"Yes Miss..! That's why I wanted you to do that with me - so that I can get rid of Mitch forever... I-I'm yours now Heather..." Susan said to me as she leaned in to kiss me full on the lips after explaining roughly the same sentiment that I was thinking about this 'changing of the guard' ceremony we had just passed through.

"Mmmmph... Oh God I could have you going down on me again right now just hearing you say things like that... But come my little pet, we have to get dressed; Bev will be here soon with the police so we can go in and get your things..." I said to her after breaking our lip-locked kiss, the two of us stood naked in my ensuite.

"Oh and don't worry, I won't have you dressing in your new uniform while we do this, I know that it's important, and I wouldn't want to upset Bev because I swear it's no lie, she'd have me going over her knee without a second thought - and on that note, I think I'll hide my new little paddle just in case!" I said to Susan as I slipped into a pair of Yoga pants and a light top while she donned a simple pair of grey sweats and t-shirt under her regular, every-day bra... 

Again, I wasn't going to jeopardize this for her or Bev, so I let Susan dress however she pleased.

With both of us dressed now and sitting at my kitchen table, I swear the two of us were so tensed up that when Bev did finally did arrive, the pair of us nearly jumped out of our skin as the bell rang signalling my older sister's arrival, and with the police in a car out front no less...

"Okay ladies, Mitch has left, and the officer will be in her cruiser if we need her... Now as I said Susan, this isn't a 'one-time' thing... Bev began talking to the pair of us but then turning her attention to Susan, letting her know that we could take our time.

"You will be allowed back in for good once we win the case, but for now, just go for your essentials, like clothes and personal items and even a few photos if you'd like but that's all you'll need for now... Okay away you go..." Bev went on telling Susan and then with a wave of her hand she gave us her permission to head into the house where we were free grab Susan's clothes etc.

I'd never been inside of Susan's House so this was a first for me. It would give me a glimpse into her home life that's I'd ever seen thus far... 

Well, her 'old-life' I should say because where not one hour prior I'd helped hr obliterate that life as I had her down on her knees in my shower where she let me piss all over her, even drinking and tasting me as I Christened her as mine - as she wanted, asked and then most surprising was her initiating the 'ceremony' herself... Yes, I was curious indeed...

Once inside it was easy to see that without her there, Mitch had let the place go and even if I'd never set foot inside her house, it was easy to see that this wasn't how she had left it when she came knocking at my kitchen door that night in the rain. 

To put it bluntly, Mitch was a slob who never picked up after himself and it was also quite easy to see that Susan had been trained in this endeavour, being Mitch's house keeper... Well, not anymore because she was mine now...

With beer bottles and pizza boxes left anywhere and everywhere, Susan let out a disgusted sigh an "Ugh!" before she went into this auto-mode again and without concern for the reason why we were there, she set herself to start cleaning up the mess...
