 (Intro)

I'll keep this brief... My absolute favourite writer is Steven King for not only his style and use of language, but also because he writes under 2 rules. One being that he has no idea where his story is going or where it will end up and the other is that he is highly detailed... Of course I know that I am NOT and probably never will be a "Steven King" and I highly doubt that he would be writing an erotic tale either... However, in this story I have tried to employ these two rules of his... all I had was an idea and I went from there...

Lastly, yes this is a 'sex story' but also, I would like to believe that it is first and foremost – a story...

(Parts of this are dedicated to a friend- Shiloh...)

*****

I was surprised to see Susan sitting there on her front step that morning, and she was smoking a cigarette of all things... She didn't smoke so I knew something wasn't right...

We were never really all that close her and me, just neighbourly with each other, saying hello, sharing the odd meaningless chit-chat as we then went about our different days in our separate lives... But now though, I knew things were changing for my 46yr old next door neighbour Susan Reid.

The first indicator, or 'sign' that I noticed something might not be right was coming home one day to see a 'For Sale' sign that had appeared on her front lawn. I didn't think too much of it at the time, I mean people do move - but seeing her there on this morning, and in obvious distress; I thought I'd go over and find out what was going on–and what had her smoking a cigarette.

"Uhh... Hi Susan... Are...Are you okay..?" I asked as she sat there for a moment, staring off into space, like I wasn't there... "I see there's a 'Sold' sticker on your For Sale sign... That was pretty quick huh..?" I asked her then as I did notice the sticker running across the sign saying that her house had been sold.

Looking to me in a slow turn, I could see tears brimming the lower edges of her soft blue eyes, sniffling she took a long pull on her cigarette, paused then before speaking at last..."Yes, it sold this morning but - but now where am I going to go..?" She answered as she blew out the smoke and let the tears burst from her eyes sending her into a crying fit that had me rushing to her aid.

I couldn't leave her in such distress -and although I was on my way out, I knew that this was more important, my appointment at the nail salon could wait... "Okay hun' let's get you up..." I began, reaching down and hooking my hand under her arm.

"I still have half a pot of coffee sitting inside so come with me Susan, I can't leave you here like this... We'll sit you down, have a coffee and you can tell what's going on okay..?" I said to her as I had her by the arm and standing, then crossing the lawn back over towards my kitchen door at the side of my house.

"Really Heather, I'm sorry... I – I don't want to impose..." She said back to me, but I wasn't having it.

"Nonsense, come on, I'm not going to leave a girl in distress, and besides – I'm sorry if I'm being nosy but I am dying to know what's going on and why you and Mitch are selling your house..." I answered as I held on to her.

"And you can get rid of the awful cigarette, I know you don't smoke and I'm sure that you know it's not good for you..." I added then as we walked, intending to embarrass her a little, and it worked because she did just that, she dropped the cigarette and even apologised as I unlocked my back door, letting us both in.

"You're right... I'm – I'm sorry... I only smoke if I'm upset like this..."

"Well, not anymore, not if I can help it... I hate smoking it killed my Nana when I was young... But never mind that, here we are, come in and sit down -and here Susan... Here's a tissue for you..." I went on, offering her a seat and a tissue to dry up her tears and to blow her runny sounding nose.

***

Susan Reid... When I said that to her... That I couldn't leave a girl in distress? I meant that in the sense of our shared sisterhood as females and as women, because at 46yrs of age, Susan Reid my middle-aged next door neighbour was certainly no girl... No, indeed Susan was a grown woman, and I think in the beginning that's what had me most intrigued about her... 

She is a pretty woman by any rights, quite thin with waspy-waistline, tapering out to her wide, childbearing hips and willowy long legs... Standing at around 5-foot 10-inches tall, she's not a short woman by any means and with her pretty, younger looking face, her blue eyes and cute little freckled button of a nose -and as well, her long, past her shoulder length light brown to blond hair... When added all together... I'll say that much about her -Susan sure didn't look her age...

However, as pretty and thin as she is, with long, girlish hair and her well defined hour-glass figure, Susan's most prominent and stand-out feature is without a doubt her big, full and luscious looking tits... Ever at her maturing age of 46yrs -and a Mother with a 22yr old daughter - Sarah, who is all grown up now and off to college... Even through bearing a child and the ravages of time and along with the rest of her -Susan's tits... They still looked fantastic... 

That's from what I could ever see of her on most days...

Yes, Susan has great tits but for the most part, she didn't fit with the lethal 38"-26"-36" body she has hidden away under her clothing at any given day or time... 

I always thought she looked a bit doughty or old-fashioned in her style sense, yet through watching her and being observant, I did glimpse at what charms she was hiding under her long button-up cardigans that she always seemed to be wearing just about every time I spied her through my kitchen window... 

***

Handing her a cup of the still warm coffee, not hot but it would do – Susan smiled and thanked me as I sat down in the seat next to her at my round kitchen table over near the window.

"Tell me Susan, what's going on with you..?" I asked sounding consoling while sitting down beside her and placing my hand to hers as she clutched at her warm mug.

Taking a breath and then looking to me but for a moment, her eyes seemed to haze over some as her gazed fixated away, looking out into nothing. 

She put her mug down...

"It –It started about a year ago now... That's when I found the flirty text on his phone... He thought I was snooping but I wasn't -even though he was sure I was spying on him, looking at his phone and checking his messages, but I wasn't – that's not what I was trying to do... I thought it was mine, we have the same phone ..."

Saying all of this to me in one long breath that I could hardly understand... Susan then took in fresh lung full of air as she went on; telling me more before I could ask her what she was talking about.

"He accused me of being sneaky... Can you believe that? And he even punished me for it, and then I showed him, because he was the one who was lying - the cheating bastard – he's such an asshole..."

Susan was letting herself go, but still she had me at a bit confused...

"What are you saying Susan..? Is Mitch having an affair? He's cheating on you..?" I asked her even though I was able to figure out this much on my own – so far anyway...

"Yes... With his boss's sister Camilla... I knew there was something between them, I saw it last year at the company picnic and the way he mentions her when talking about work..." She answered, but I had other questions.

"So...So is that why you're selling the house? Are the two of you splitting up? Like getting a divorce..?" I asked then as I once more moved my hand on top of hers in a gentle, caring gesture of a touch - because I did feel for her, but to be honest, I was also testing her in a way, curious to see how she responded to a woman touching her.

"Yeah he's selling the house... Right out from under me unless I do what he tells me to... That's what he said... and – and I don't have any money - how...how can I f-fight him..?" Susan went on then, answering my question but I must have hit a nerve because she was off again – crying...

"Oh you poor thing... Here come to me..." I said to her as I slid my chair over, putting my arm around her and pulling her to me in a further effort to console the crying woman. 

But at the same time, the wheels were spinning in my head... Something didn't add up and even I could see that...

"So, wait a minute Susan... Are you saying that HE cheated on YOU and now he's the one pulling all the strings and making threats..?" I asked her with my chair close to hers, our knees still touching under the table after I'd let her go.

"Y-yeah... He said he'll leave me with nothing if I don't sign the papers when they come... He said his lawyer is drawing they up right now, as we speak... He told me that just this morning..." Susan added telling me all I needed to know...

Grabbing my purse, I fished out my phone... "Gimme a sec hun' let me make a quick phone call to my sister, she's a lawyer and works for a big firm down town – hang on, let me ask what she thinks -because honestly Susan? I smell a rat here... And his name is Mitchell Reid..."

I was pissed off now as I sat back, my phone to my ear, waiting for my sister Bev to answer and thinking of how we were gonna screw this asshole Mitch, and not just for cheating, but also for trying to manipulate and possibly even abusing Susan the way he was... 

"Hey Bev, its Heather... Sorry to bug you at work but do you have a second?" I asked as my older sister finally picked up on her end as we exchanged a few quick pleasantries before I ask for her help.

"Yeah so, I'm calling because I have a good friend here who needs some legal advice... It seems her husband has cheated on her and now he's trying to screw her in the divorce and the house sale..." I said down the line as Susan sat watching me, anxious and unsure.

"What's that..? Have her come in this afternoon? At 1:30p.m.?" 

"Are you sure..?"

"Yeah, I think she can swing that... I'll give her your details -and Bev..? I'll pay any consultation fees, she's a good friend of mine and..." 

"What's that..? You won't charge her unless we lose..?" 

"Really? Okay perfect, I'll send her down to see you at 1:30p.m. today...and yes of course, I'll make sure she's not late, I know how feel about tardiness... Okay thanks Bev... Love you..!"

Hanging up the phone, I looked up to Susan smiling... "Well, there you go... All taken care of... Believe me once Bev gets through with your cheating EX-husband, he won't know what hit him, and I wouldn't be surprised if he's the one who ends up homeless..." I went on to say as we sat there with Susan, looking like she was in shock, stunned and with her hand over her mouth not believing that she had some hope in this after all.

"I- I don't know... I don't know how to thank you Heather... I mean... I don't have anything... I can't pay any money..." She started saying, worrying again -but I stopped her... 

"Stop... Stop right there Susan... This won't cost you a dime, I promise you that... Even just from what you've told me, Mitch doesn't have a leg to stand on... He's playing on your emotions and your naivety..." I said to her in trying to quell any fears she had because I knew I was right on this... That bastard wasn't going to get away with it – not if I could help it...

"Just go meet with Bev, she's really nice -but be respectful and call her Beverley or even better call her Ms. Wallace, she's a feminist who never married and she likes people to respect her that way – you'll see -and as soon enough you'll start believing that Mitch and his lawyers don't stand a chance against her..." 

With my arm around my pretty neighbour, I ushered her towards my kitchen door while telling her about Beverley, my older power-house for a sister – who as it turns out is very dominant and a killer Alpha-female lawyer –and even though I was glad to help..? I did still want to make my appointment at the nail salon...

"Umm... Okay well... Again, I can't thank you enough for this and please if there is anything I can do for you..." Susan said then – saying the magic words that and practicing Dominant lesbian might want to hear from a submissive prospect...

"Well Susan honey, now that you mention it, there is something you can do for me..." I began, smiling at her in the doorway, thinking on my feet now... She stopped, listening carefully... 

"Later, once you've spoken to Beverley, come back and we'll sit over a glass of wine this time and you can tell me everything, how things went with Bev and also..." I said to her then pausing to give her a bit of a stern look as I then went on... "Also, you're going to tell me just how a pretty woman like you ended up in a situation like this... I'm going to get some wine into you and you're going to be telling me the truth... Understand..?"

Smiling and still holding her loosely by the hand, she looked a bit unsure with what I was saying. I was flirting with her in covert way and she could see something, but by how she tried to dismiss what I knew she was feeling, I could tell she didn't know where my intentions lay. I had her confused – and that was a good thing... For me...

"I'll tell you what Susan, when I get in later, I'll flick my porch light on and that will be your signal to come over... I should be ready for you sometime around 7p.m. just to give you an idea of the time... I mean, God knows I wouldn't want you sitting there all day, waiting for me... But still, do keep an eye out, because just like Beverley... I don't like to be kept waiting..."

"Umm... Okay, I – I'll see you tonight and thanks, thanks again... Heather..."

***

Hi... I'm Heather... Heather Wallace -and I know, I said earlier that I'm a Dominant, or even 'predatory-lesbian' but that's not entirely true...I'm more of a 37yr bisexual who leans more towards the lesbian lifestyle, and I do like to play the dominant – if and when I can...

Let me explain...

The 'girl' thing started for me like it did for a lot of us, in collage during our freshman year, and yes my story starts there as well, but honestly though? Of those of us who were seduced by our elder female class mates during our naive introductions to life, love and sex? Who among us is still in that pursuit..? 

Not many I would gather... But I just happened to be one of them...The exception to the rule...

Karen Alder was her name... My Prefect - the girl who was suppose to be looking out for the new girls in the dorm... That's who seduced me on my second week at school, drunk at a bonfire-mixer night, and just two months after my 18th birthday... That's where Karen took me and made me understand the real meaning of what a College Prefect is suppose to do.

I was heading back to my dorm, a bit drunk as I said, but not entirely... Let just say I was feeling no pain... But when I arrived back at my assigned dorm room called Wesley Hall, there standing at the foot of the stairs was Karen Alder, my Prefect...

"You know I can mark you down as late..." She said as she stood there looming over me, stood on the last step of the old brick building convert.

She was taller than me, like my neighbour Susan who was easily 5' 10"... Karen Alder was no shortie either and from where I was standing, one step below her, teetering and trying to keep my tipsy-balance after a few too many trips to the keg during the party... I felt rather intimidated, which in my case wasn't something new, because as I've already said, I have and older sister, Beverley who, being a natural dominant personality from the day of her birth, and growing up under her scrutiny, I knew all too well what feeling intimidated was like.

And that's how I felt that night with Karen standing taller than me and looking pissed off with her arms folded over her large, heavy-set chest –or to be less subtle - her big tits...

"Ahh...Umm... I'm sorry Karen... I must have lost track of time... But hey? Didn't I see you there at – at the mixer..?" I asked slurring my word a little but knowing full well that I had spotted her across the way, on the other side of the big bonfire. She was standing with a bunch of girls I didn't know, but what I remembered was how every time I looked over, Karen was looking back at me.

It was weird; it was like I was the only one there or something... That's how I felt anyway but I didn't want to go there with her so I just stayed general and trying to talk myself out of being in trouble, or 'written-up' - whatever that meant...

"Yeah, I was... I saw you there and now we're here and you're late so come on, let's get in so I can lock up -and wait for me, I wanna make sure you make into your room..." Karen answered as she followed me in, then doing as I was told, I waited while she turned and locked the door with a key from the set she always seemed to have around her neck, the kind of thing like a gym teacher always wearing a whistle on a string.

"Okay up we go... But first, I need to stop at my room for a second; I need to grab my note book so I can write you up..." Karen added as we walked side by side up the big wide staircase in this antique old house. 

I didn't know what being written up was about, but I know it didn't sound good. I was brand new in this place so I stayed quiet not wanting to anger her any more.

There were three levels and unlucky for me, my room was all the way up to the top, but lucky for Karen, hers was just at the top of the landing on the first level... Some of the other girls called Karen the 'Troll-Keeper' because it was hard to get past her room un-noticed where she would stop and interrogate you about where you were going and what you were doing... 

But as it would seem I didn't even get that far... Karen nabbed me outside on the front step...

Thinking this was odd, I did as she said but then once she had her door open, she grabbed me by the arm and pulled me into her darkened bedroom, closing the door and pulled me to her...

"What..? What are you doing..? Karen? Let me go..." I said to her, alarmed now and finally speaking out as she all but threw me across the floor with her hand holding my upper arm, lifting me up like my feet weren't even touching ground.

Karen said nothing -and the next thing I knew I was being pulled across her lap as she plunked us both down on her bed... 

Again... Karen, like Susan they were both about the same height, yet where Susan is tall and willowy in a very pretty, feminine kind of way... Whereas Karen on the other hand, although not 'un-attractive' by any means, what I will say however is that she was big girl...And in that I mean that she was big in the sense that her body proportions fit more in line with her being tall and only an inch or two shy of 6-ft...

I guess like Susan and again –and very unlike me, they both had big tits... But Karen was buxom in a full figured womanly way, yet Susan, she is sexier in her softer edges and girly mannerisms with things like her hair - her clothing and shoes.

Regardless of the comparison, that night, Karen – who had literally dragged me into her dorm room, she had my knee-high pleated skirt up and tucked into my waistband - and the shorts I had worn underneath were pulled down with a sharp handed yank, leaving my bare ass exposed in the half light of her bedroom...

And then... Karen proceeded to spank me... Hard!

"Owwwww! Wh..What are you doing..?" I cried out as she let me have it, holding me still with her powerful right leg slung over the backs of both of my smaller, weaker legs, her thick, muscular thigh holding me and pinning me over her left knee while using the big open palm of her right hand to rain down a relentless volley of hard hitting spanks to my upturned and very unsuspecting, pale-white ass...

"Swack-Swack-Swack" rang out in quiet old house, no doubt raising the alarm of the other girls...
