 “Are there clouds out today, Samantha?” my girlfriend, Susy, asked.

“Yes, there are lots of them. And the sky is pure blue…its very beautiful out.”

“Yes, I can feel it,” she replied.

Susy had lost her eyesight about a year ago in a car accident. Unable to continue living on her own, she came to live with me so I could take care of her. We had been best friends for several years, but in the past year we had become more than that. Neither of us had any lesbian or bisexual tendencies, but somewhere in between the many days spent by her side and the many mornings spent lying in bed holding her, we discovered our new feelings for each other and tried to accept them. Alone, we would hold each other and kiss, much like any other couple in love. But in public, it was harder than that, for neither of us were really prepared for the negative attitudes and ignorance regarding our relationship. Nevertheless, Susy would still hold onto me closely and tell me she loved me while we walked through the city.

As long as I knew her, Susy always loved going to the park. She adored sitting under one of the big oak trees and look up at the sky. Now that she was blind, I’d still take her to the park, but now I would describe the scenery to her, letting her imagination take over. She still had vivid memories of the park, so it was a little easier to describe than most places I’d take her to. I’d put my arms around her as we sat under a tree, and she’d look up just as if she could see everything I was describing to her. 

“A robin just flew by,” I said. “He just landed on a tree branch ahead of us.”

“How far away?” she asked.

“About fifteen feet,” I replied. “You know the three trees right in a row…near the little stream?”

“Yes, and the one in the middle is the smallest…”

“Exactly. The bird just landed on the lowest branch on the middle one.”

“Which tree are we sitting at?” she asked.

“We’re at the right one…if you’re looking at the trees from the bench, we’re at the one to the right.” 

“Lovely…” she sighed. She lifted her head up towards me and reached for my face. “Are you looking at me?” she asked.

“Yes, dear.”

Her fingers ran across my chin and up to my lips, then she leaned up and softly kissed me. I was taken aback, for we had never before kissed in public. But once I felt her lips touch mine, all my inhibitions disappeared; we had just reached a new level of our relationship, a place where our feelings for each other transcended everything and everyone, a place where we could kiss and not worry about what other people thought. All that mattered was that we were together and that we were in love. 

After breaking the kiss, Susy leaned back and pulled my face closer to hers. “Let’s go home,” she said. “I have a surprise for you.”

We both stood up and walked arm in arm back to our apartment. Once we got inside the doorway, she pulled me over to the piano in the corner. Susy leaned down and reached for the bench that sat in front of the piano while I put our coats in the closet. 

“Come here, sit next to me,” she said. I walked over to her and sat next to her on the bench, putting my arm around her waist. Susy was a phenomenal piano player, but once she had her accident, she refused to play anymore. Despite my constant pleading and encouragement, she felt that she could no longer play the piano.

“Let’s see if you recognize this,” she said, and her long fingers began to move across the keys. Tears welled up in my eyes as I heard the tune she was playing, the theme to Two for the Road. I just stared at her, amazed at how well she played. When she was done, she turned her head towards where I was sitting and smiled. “How was it?” she asked, grinning.

I tried to respond, but the tears got caught in my throat. “Susy,” I said. 

“Are you crying?” she asked. She raised her hand up to my face and felt the tears, then gently wiped them from my eyes and leaned down to rest her head on my shoulder. “Do you remember what you would say whenever I’d play that song, or if we heard it when we watched the movie?” she asked. “You said that this song would be the song that would play at your wedding. It would be symbolic…letting him know that you were ready to go through life with him by your side,” she said. She leaned back and put her hand up against my cheek, focusing her eyes towards my face. “Well, darling, this isn’t our wedding, but I’m truly in love with you and I want you by my side. I can’t live without you, and I hope that I will never have to. Here,” she said, reaching down under the piano. She pulled up a dozen pink roses and handed them to me. “I made sure that they were pink…I had a few people help me. They didn’t trick me, did they?” she said, laughing.

“No dear,” I said, fighting back the tears. “No, they are beautiful. Absolutely beautiful. I love you.” I pulled her closer to me and kissed her softly, trying to convey everything I was feeling into that one kiss. 

“Take me to the bedroom,” she whispered. 

“Are you sure?” I asked, making sure that she was prepared for what would happen. We had never made love before, nor had we ever really discussed it. She once told me that making love shouldn’t be something that you would plan for; it should be something that would be felt in the right moment. When Susy nodded yes, I was sure that this was our moment, our chance to prove our love for one another. 

I stood up and took her arm and led her down the hall to the bedroom. Susy stood by the corner of the bed while I closed the blinds and shut the curtains. I walked over to her, not really sure how to initiate the lovemaking. I placed one hand on her arm and another on her cheek. I leaned in and kissed her supple lips, then moved down and kissed her neck. I pulled back and looked at her, amazed at how beautiful she was. I kissed her forehead and put my hands at the bottom of her sweater, then began to pull up on it. She raised her arms, allowing me to completely remove the sweater. Our lips met once more and our tongues touched as I reached down and unbuttoned her jeans. Her arms reached up and wrapped around my neck, then she moved her hands down until she found the buttons on my shirt. She slowly unbuttoned each button until my shirt was open, and then she gently slid it off of me and let it fall to the floor. 

Subsequently, I had unzipped her jeans and pushed them down, letting them fall around her ankles. I broke the kiss long enough to let her step out of them, holding onto me as she did so. She leaned down and pulled her socks off, leaving her left in nothing but her bra and panties. Alternatively, she too had opened up my jeans and let them fall to the floor. Her hands roamed up my back and unhooked my bra, then slowly pulled it off of my body. She let her head fall down to my shoulder, where she kissed her way down to my collarbone. She slid her hands down to my panties and pulled them down, prompting me to pull them off all the way. 

“Oh God, I wish I could see you,” she said, looking down. 

I waited a moment before I spoke. “You can see me with your hands,” I said, placing both her hands above my breasts. “Now look.”

Her hands ran up over my shoulders and down my arms before coming into contact with my hips. Her thumbs traced the outline of my hip bone before she slowly slid her hands behind me, gently stroking my buttocks. Her hands were soft as she moved up and stroked the small of my back, slowly and gently making her way up to my shoulder blades. Her fingers spread out wide, trying to feel as much of my back as she could in one stroke. But suddenly I felt only her fingertips graze up and down my sides, stopping only when she reached the sides of my breasts. She took a deep breath before touching them, almost as if she were scared to go any further. I watched the expression on her face as her hands moved downward under my breasts. She bit her lip in excitement, and her lips formed a smile as I whispered encouragement. “Go on,” I said. 

She reached out and touched my breasts, softly and tentatively. She caressed each one lovingly, then tenderly kneaded them in her small hands. Her thumbs grazed across my nipples lightly, prompting them to harden and reach out further for her touch. “Oh Susy…” I whispered. 

“Undress me all the way, Sam,” she whispered in reply. 

I promptly did as she said, unhooking her bra and watching it slide off her shoulders. She pulled me closer to her, pressing her breasts into mine. My hands slid down her back and under her panties, stroking her buttocks. My hands moved slightly up, giving me a chance to hook the hem with my thumbs and pull her panties down. Susy leaned her torso into me, making the panties slide off a little bit easier. 

“You’re so beautiful,” I said, kissing her neck.

“Close your eyes,” she said. She grabbed my hands and held them tightly in hers. “Now look at me.”

My knees buckled when I heard her say that, the pure erotic quality in her request was too much for me. I leaned down and kissed her passionately before forcing myself to pull back and honor her request. 

I closed my eyes as she instructed, then moved my hands up to her neck. My thumbs caressed the sides of her throat, moving down slowly until I reached her collarbone. My fingers traced the bone very slowly, and then I moved my fingertips down to her chest. I leaned down and kissed her neck, sticking my tongue out and allowing it to travel down to her collarbone. My hands moved to her shoulders, cupping the small bones in my palms. She leaned back and stretched her neck back even further, imploring me to kiss her neck once again. As I did so, my hands ventured down to her breasts, giving me the opportunity to relish the smoothness of her shapely breasts. Her nipples were jutting out, enticing me to run my fingers across them and explore their hardness. My hands moved down a little bit further, appreciating the curves of her hips and the feel of her skin against my fingers. 

Both of us were becoming weaker by the moment, so I pulled her body close to mine and led her to the bed. My hands moved up and down her sides as we both mounted the bed, making ourselves more comfortable. We sat on the bed on our knees, facing each other. My lips once again locked on her sensual neck as she ran her hands up and down my back, sending shivers down my spine. She pulled back and put her hand on the back of my neck whilst her other hand reached up to caress my face. Her hands were soft as her fingers ran over the contours of my face, stopping only when her fingers met my lips. I reached up and held her fingers to mine, lingeringly kissing them, appreciating their taste. She leaned up and replaced her fingertips with her lips, gingerly kissing me. Her lips ventured further down, kissing my chin and down to my throat. Her hands met at the small of my back for an instant, only to separate and come to rest on my hips.

Her fingers moved down my hips and across my stomach until she reached my vagina, prompting me to open my legs a bit more. Her fingers ran down further and further until she could feel my wetness in the palm of my hand. She kept her hand there for several seconds before allowing a long finger to slide inside. As one finger continued probing my vagina, I felt her thumb lightly graze my clitoris, sending waves of pleasure throughout my body. Her other hand moved back up to my hip; her palm was sweaty and her hand was shaky. I could feel her ragged breath on my shoulder, but the subtle movement of her fingers in my vagina told me that she didn’t want to stop, no matter how intimidating it might be. She slid a second finger inside my vagina and her thumb stroked my clitoris slightly more vigorously than before. My hips thrust into her hand as she continued her ministrations on my sensitive organ, drawing her closer to me. 

“Does it hurt?” she asked.

“No dear,” I said, reaching down and stroking the back of her hand. “It feels wonderful.”

My hand turned and moved up to her stroke her body, then let my arm slide in between her arm and my body. My hand slid down to her vagina, inadvertently cupping her moist genitals in my palm like she did to me. I followed her example and stroked her vagina gently, and then moved my hand up towards her clitoris, letting two fingers rest just above her engorged bud. My free hand moved across my stomach, meeting Susy’s hand resting on my hip. I grabbed her fingers and held them firmly in my hand, responding to the grasp that she had on my own fingers. Our hands were both shaky and a little bit weaker than normal, but somehow that simple gesture of grabbing her hand made us both realize that there was nothing to be nervous about. I leaned in and kissed her cheek, then kissed her lips after she turned her head towards me. My fingers began to massage above her clitoris in small, overlapping circles. Soft moans escaped her lips as she tried to push herself into me. Her fingers in my vagina became suddenly still and her grip on my hand became tighter. She tried to avert her attention back to me, but all in vain, for she was quickly becoming weaker and more submissive to my touch. 

“It’s okay, Susie,” I whispered. “Just lie back and relax. Let me do the work.” She nodded and did as she was told, reaching her arm back behind her to feel where she was on the bed. 

“I’ve got you,” I said, placing one hand behind her head and another around her waist. I guided her gently down onto the bed then moved my hand from behind her head and caressed her face. I closed my eyes and concentrated on the contours of her face – her cheekbones, her jaw, her chin – just like she had done to me so many times before. I moved my head down and kissed her supple lips, running my fingers through her soft hair. I moved myself in such a way that her thigh rested between my legs, and my thigh was between her legs. I moved my thigh against her vagina as my hand reached down and cupped her breast. Her hips moved harder into my leg and her grip on my back tightened. I followed her lead and ran my vagina over her leg as well, leaning down on top of her, trying to get as close as I could. Her eyes wandered around the room as if she were trying to focus on something, but then closed as she started to feel the rhythm we were building up. Our hips slammed together as we grinded our vaginas into each other, pushing a little bit harder each stroke of our hips. Our breathing became faster and louder, peppered with subtle moans in the darkness of the room. Her wiry pubic hair tickled my leg as I felt her wetness spreading over me. 

“Oh, Sam,” she gasped. “Don’t stop…”

She wrapped her arms around my neck and leaned in to kiss me, then moved her hands up to my face. My heart pumped in my chest as I rubbed my clitoris over her thigh, knowing that with each stroke I was coming closer and closer to an orgasm, sharing with her something that truly showed how I felt. Her fingers ran across my face, seeing in her own way the look of pleasure that had taken over. The sweat was running down my back as I grinded into her, our bodies heating up more each second. Then suddenly I discovered something; we were no longer running our hips into one another, we were now moving as one, our bodies feeling the same rhythm between each other. I slowed down a bit to look at her, to relish in the perfection of my lover.

“I love you, Susy,” I whispered.

“I love you too, Sammy.”

I wiped the sweat from her forehead, then moved my arms on either side of her to give me more leverage. I did not resume the speed that we had going, but instead slowed it down, allowing me to feel every movement of her small body beneath me, every stroke she made with her hips that sent waves of pleasure throughout her. She sighed loudly and held me tighter to her, kissing my neck and ears, whispering that she loved me. Her sighs turned into moans, short, high-pitched moans that matched the volume as that of my own sighing and moaning. 

“Oh Sammy, I think this is it…” she sighed, barely intelligible. Her arms held onto me tighter and her moans became screams as the orgasm rose up through her body. Her hips arched up towards me and her body jerked as she came, her voice cracking as she called my name. I held onto her close as I too felt my orgasm churning inside of me. I pushed my vagina harder into her thigh and let out a sharp moan as it overtook me. My head was spinning and all I could do was fall on top of her, feeling her breathing underneath of me. She never let me go, closing her eyes as we both recovered from our orgasms. 

After my body returned to normal, I moved off of her to lie on the bed. She immediately turned towards me, scooting up until we were lying face to face. Her hands ran over my face, softly and gently. I smiled, and almost immediately was rewarded with a smile from her, the kind of smile that makes you melt. 

“You feel okay?” she asked.

“I feel wonderful,” I replied. My eyes welled up with tears as I looked at my Susy, with such a love that words couldn’t begin to describe. “I’m so in love with you,” whispered. 

Her hands moved over my face some more before she answered. “Yes, I can see that.”