 This series is actually supposed to help me work out the kinks in the other stories I'm working on, and is supposed to be more light-hearted and just full of sex. As I'm editing, I feel that this first chapter may be a little long, but maybe it's just fine, so let me know what needs to change so I can help you enjoy these characters as much as I've enjoyed writing them. Unless something bizarre happens, these stories will consist exclusively of girl on girl scenes.

Ch. 01 Susie Sleuth and the Sexy Starlet

It was another one of those nights. The sweat was dripping down my forehead and my shirt was stuck to my back. I leaned forward in my desk chair to adjust the oscillating fan. It didn't help. The heat was always sweltering in Vegas. I looked down at the photos in front of me. Dead ends. It was all dead ends. My gaze moved slowly to the half empty bottle of tequila on my desk. I slammed the file on my desk shut as I stood up from my chair. I rubbed the back of my stiff neck as I unbuttoned the top button of my shirt with my other hand. I had to try and cool off at least a little bit. It had to be at least 90 degrees in here. Even at one o'clock in the morning that was no big surprise out here in the desert.

I caught my own gaze in the full-length mirror across the room. Shit, I look terrible, I thought. I'd worn the same white blouse and khaki skirt for three days. My hair was a mess. It was one year today. One year since Angela Gianni had gone missing. Nine months since the cops had given up and I had been hired to try and find her. I thought I was so close so many times, so I kept looking. Even after Angela's father died of a stroke I kept looking. Everyone said she was dead, probably murdered and dumped in a ditch, but I didn't believe it. I knew she was out there somewhere.

I picked up the half-empty bottle of liquor, but to my surprise I managed to just toss it in my desk drawer rather than take another drink. I gave myself another look in the mirror and walked slowly across my office and into the bathroom. Luckily I rented an office space that came with full amenities. I had moved out of my apartment two months ago because I couldn't afford both rents. Now I couldn't even afford one. Mr. Jabowitz was sure to show up again tomorrow asking about the rent. What would I say this time? It didn't matter.

I stripped out of my clothes and stepped into the shower as I turned on the water. It was cold again. I had stopped hoping for it to warm up two weeks ago. The heater was probably broken, but I couldn't ask if I wasn't going to start paying rent. I let the water cascade over my body. The cool water felt good in this heat. I just stood there for a while, trying to clear my head. Eventually I washed my hair and scrubbed my sweaty body. I even took the time to shave my legs and since I was at it even decided to shave my pussy too. I didn't want to take the time to trim it and make it look nice, so I just went for bald. Not that anyone had seen it in a while, but the idea that I was actually shaving it for someone else did excite me a little bit.

I stepped out of the shower feeling refreshed. Still overwhelmed, but refreshed. I looked a lot better too. I gave myself a once over in the mirror. Despite the stress I had been going through, I was looking pretty hot. I was a little taller than average and thin. I wasn't particularly curvy, but my ass had a nice round shape to it and my breasts provided a little more than a handful. I hadn't been out much lately except when I was working, so I didn't have much of a tan. My wet, dirty blond hair hung to just below my shoulders. It would turn wavy as soon as it dried. It might even look nice if I decided to do something to it, I thought.

I finished drying off and left the towel on the floor of the bathroom. I walked back into my office naked as the day I was born. The only light in the large, mostly empty room was my desk lamp. I knelt down on my old couch and faced out the window behind it. I could see the lights of the strip about two blocks away. I had been here way too long. I looked down at the old couch. It was the only other piece of furniture besides my desk and two simple wooden chairs. One chair for me, one chair for clients. The clients' chair hadn't been occupied for months.

Suddenly I heard a footstep in the hallway. Who could that be? I wondered. The only other office that used the same entrance into the building was Joe Burton's Insurance office. I can't imagine he would come in to work 7 hours early, so unless Mr. Jabowitz was trying to get rent out of me at two in the morning, something was wrong. I rushed over to my desk and turned off the lamp. I listened carefully. Whoever it was wasn't trying to hide their footsteps, so I didn't think it was anyone dangerous, probably just a bum looking for a place to sleep. But I still watched carefully and remained motionless.

With the desk lamp off, a dim light was shining through the office windows just barely enough to see that someone was walking past my door. They stopped and I could make a short, white silhouette. As they stopped in front of my door, the black lettering on my glass door showed up more clearly in the dark against the white figure: "Susie Sleuth, Private Investigator".

I grabbed the revolver out of my desk drawer. Unexpectedly, the figure knocked. What did I expect though? Were they supposed to kick the door in? I stood there confused for a second and the figure knocked again. Realizing I was still stark naked I grabbed my trench coat off of the coat rack, awkwardly tying it shut with my gun in hand. I walked towards the door, holding the gun down low and out of view, but still ready just in case.

I unlocked the door and turned the doorknob slowly and pulled the door open halfway, still concealing my gun. I tried to hold a scrutinizing, intimidating stare, but my eyes just got wide when I saw who it was. She wasn't particularly tall, but sported a short black mini-skirt that showed off her perfectly tanned legs. On top she wore a glittering white tube top and a thick, unzipped, short sleeved white fur coat that only came down to just below her large breasts. Her platinum blond hair was long, and rolled off her shoulders in perfectly styled waves. A broad like this had never walked into my office before. If I could help her, I definitely would. I couldn't see her eyes through her dark sunglasses, but I knew who she was. Those, full pouty lips and perfect figure could only belong to Tara Michaels, pop sensation.

"Miss Sleuth, ah presume?" she said with a thick southern drawl.

"Yes?" I asked, trying to regain my intimidating stare.

"Ah know it's late, but ah need yah help." She said kindly, but not pleadingly.

I stood there for a moment taking in the sight of this gorgeous blond. I'd seen her on TV several times, but she definitely looked even better in person. I shook myself out of my daze, slid my gun in my coat pocket and motioned her inside.

She walked confidently but tentatively to the chair reserved for clients across my desk. I followed suit and sat in my own chair.

"Miss Sleuth, ah'm..." I cut her off.

"I know who you are, Ms. Michaels, who doesn't?" I said with a grin.

"Ah'm so sorry to come heah so late, but ah had a show tonight and couldn't wait any longah to talk to you."

Her plea was intriguing. What could this sexy young starlet possibly need from me?

"What seems to be the problem?" I asked as I slowly leaned back in my chair.

"Heah you go," she said without hesitation as she pulled an envelope out of her coat and set it on my desk. I opened the envelope and pulled out its contents. The first thing I saw was a note, complete with cutout letters from a magazine. It read, 2 MILLION CASH OR EVERYONE FINDS OUT! I'd seen letters like this before, usually just in bad movies or from kids trying to scare their own parents. I looked up at Tara and caught her gaze, half-expecting her to start laughing, but her face remained serious. I looked down at the only other thing in the envelope. It was a picture that was so shocking I nearly fell out of my chair.

The picture was obviously taken through a window, but the image was still perfectly clear. Tara Michaels, sweet, innocent, 22-year-old pop star, was sitting on a hotel bed in a dimly lit room stark naked. She was sitting on the edge of the bed with one arm back behind her, bracing herself. Her other hand was massaging one of her own gorgeously large breasts that stood perfectly in the air. She had a look of ecstasy on her face as she looked down at her lap. She was looking longingly at the woman whose face was buried deep between her perfectly smooth, fit thighs. I could only see the other woman from behind. She was kneeling on the floor in front of Tara still wearing a black thong. She was otherwise naked and was giving the platinum blond what appeared to be the time of her life. I realized I was staring at the picture a little too long and looked up quickly at Tara as I set the photo on my desk.

"So, Miss Sleuth," she said soberly, "can ya help me?"

"Um," I cleared my throat, "yes, uh, I think so, what exactly do you need from me?"

"Ah need ya to fahnd out who took this heah picture and stop them from blackmailin' me."

"Have you had any other correspondence from the blackmailer?" I asked.

"They said they would be in touch, but I haven't heard a thing!" She finally removed her sunglasses, revealing baby blue eyes and a worried look. "Ah don't have a problem paying the money, ah just don't know what to do. And who knows if they won' jus' show the picture as soon as they get the money! Ah have an image to uphold. If this gets out, ah'll nevah sell anothah album." She stood up slowly and walked around the desk. She stepped seductively towards me in her silver stilettos until her bare stomach was inches from my face.

"Can ya help me, Miss Sleuth? Can ya fahnd out who's doin' this tah me?" she slowly traced her finger across her collarbone, down her cleavage, and circled her pierced belly button. "Ah would be evah so grateful to ya." She bit her lower lip ever so slightly. I was already a little wet from the photo she had shown me, and it had been awhile since I hadn't had to take care of myself manually. This hot little broad might get me into trouble, I thought, but right now she was exactly what I needed.

Without standing or even saying a word I put my hands on her waist and spun her around. She let out a shocked little gasp and looked back at me with a yearning look. I took one hand from her waist to push her back, bending her over so that she had to support herself with both hands on my desk. I was face to face with one of the most luscious, toned, sought-after asses in the world.

I smiled as I ran both hands over her black mini-skirt. I gave both cheeks a playful squeeze and let my hands linger there for a moment. She looked at me over her shoulder with a look that could only mean "go for it." I reached both hands beneath her skirt and massaged her firm ass deeply, sensually. She gave a soft coo of approval as my working hands slowly teased her flesh. In one quick movement I pushed her skirt up above her waist. She was wearing a silver thong that matched her stiletto heels, revealing her entire splendid ass. I leaned forward and kissed one cheek, and the other. Even her ass smelled good. Perfume-like, almost as if she was planning on somebody's face visiting her nether region tonight.

I continued to massage her tight flesh as my kisses turned into long licks and tender nibbles. She shifted her hips slightly so that my lips were directly in front of hers. I could feel the warmth emanating from her young, soft pussy and gently kissed her through her thong. My kiss immediately turned into several voracious licks. My tongue could feel the folds of her labia and the tender entrance that so many men and women on the planet had wanted to touch, feel, and taste. I stood up and leaned my body against hers as if I were doing her doggy style. I grabbed her stomach with one hand and reached the other where my mouth had just been. Through her sexy underwear and rubbed her pussy slowly but firmly with the flat of my fingers. She looked over shoulder again to meet my mouth and kissed me. Our tongues mingled as I felt her pussy get wetter.

She began to press herself against my hand harder and harder, and I rubbed her faster and faster. I slid my hand from her stomach up under her tube top. Her tits were so firm I couldn't resist but give each one a hard squeeze. I found a hardening nipple and teased it with my thumb and forefinger until it was fully erect. I loved the feel of her tits, and the soft moans she was making as I rubbed her pussy were the most erotic thing I had ever heard. I was getting wet as I pleasured this nubile celebrity.

"Well Miss Sleuth," she said, breaking our kiss, "ah do believe this means ya gonna take mah case?"

At that I flipped her around and pressed my body against hers.

"Not yet," I said.

She looked me in the eye with a wicked grin as she pulled her tube top up over her tits, leaving on her short fur coat. They were perfect in every way. I suckled one nipple and then the other taking in the sweet taste of her skin. She ran her fingers through my hair and held my head to her breasts as I pleasured her. I kissed her stomach gently, squatting down in front of her as she scooted her hot ass onto my desk, knowing what was coming next. For the second time my lips met her still covered pussy lips and I kissed her gently. I reached my thumbs into the waist of her thong beneath her skirt and slid my hands down her silky thighs. I smiled as I saw that she was completely shaved and had a small tattoo of a woman's lips above and to the right of her slit. I kissed her tattoo gently as I pulled her thong around one ankle, allowing her to lift her leg into the air. I grabbed her inner thighs firmly and slid my thumbs towards her moist sex, massaging her lips, sending shockwaves of pleasure through her body.

With no other warning I pressed my mouth against her slit, making her gasp with delight. My tongue pressed flat against her slit repeatedly as I tasted her, pressing my tongue against her warmth and licking the whole length of her gorgeous pussy. I sucked hard on her lips and she moaned hard, holding my head against her. I looked up to see she had pulled one of her large tits to her mouth, licking and pinching her own nipple. The sight of it made me even more turned on. I continued to suck on her pussy and then pulled my mouth away. I pulled her lips apart with my thumbs and teased her entrance with just the tip of my tongue. I slowly pushed my tongue inside of her and again covered her with my mouth. Her head leaned back slowly and her entire body shook gently. My tongue was three inches deep in a tight, delicious, grammy-winning pussy. I began to fuck her pussy with my tongue and reached a hand in front of my face to rub her clit. She tasted so good, I could have eaten her pussy all day. I plunged my tongue in and out, sucking, licking, rubbing and fucking this beautiful starlet. She now had to brace herself on my desk as she began to shake and scream. Her ecstatic moans told me she was close and I pulled my mouth away and shoved two fingers inside of her, fucking her faster and harder, forcing the orgasm out of her. As my fingers slid in and out of her I could feel her tightness and I sucked hard on her clit. She got silent for a moment and twitched violently as she came, letting a small amount of her juices dribble onto my already dripping wet fingers

She pulled me up to her face and sucked her own juices off of my tongue.

"Ms. Michaels, I will definitely take your case." I stood back away from her but she grabbed my wrist.

"Now, Miss Sleuth," she said sternly, "ah think you can call me Tara. And don't ya staht thinkin' that ya can go and make me cum like that without me returnin' the favah. That wouldn't be propah southern hospitality."

I smiled as she pushed me back into my chair and pulled open my trenchcoat. I had forgotten that I was naked underneath, but was glad that it would make it that much easier for the pop star.

"My my, Miss Sleuth, you ah a naughty girl."

She knelt in between my legs and immediately went in for the kill. I can't remember the last time I had had my pussy treated better. She was flawless. She knew exactly how to lick, suck, nibble, fuck, finger and pleasure me. I watched as the millionaire devoured me, and I couldn't tell if I was enjoying it more than she was. She made me cum three times before she let up. I couldn't resist but rub my own clit for the last one. I felt so good, so relaxed. After I came the last time, she kissed me hard and returned her clothing to its proper place.

"Thank you Miss Sleuth, ah won't fuhget this. Ah'll be in touch, just let me know what ya find." She put her business card down on my desk and headed towards my door and stopped and turned. "Mah goodness, ah completely fuhgot to ask how much this would cost!"

I was dumbfounded. As far as I was concerned I had already been paid.

"Um, I usually charge $50 an hour or $1000 for a job that takes more than two days," I said, and she looked at me curiously.

"Really?" She asked. "Ah think you ah worth much more than that." She opened up her silver pocketbook and pulled out a stack of bills. "Heah's a deposit, and ah'll pay the rest when the job is done." She put the stack on my desk and leaned forward, kissing my neck. I watched her ass as she walked out the door. I heard what must have been a limousine drive away before I actually looked at the money. Tara Michaels just paid me $10,000 for this job.

        ***********

I woke up the next morning on my couch to a loud knocking sound. I sat up groggily, remembering that what had just happened wasn't just a dream. I walked over to my desk, still naked, looking at the stack of money. This much cash would pay off all of my rent and debts and leave plenty left over for expenses. I was still in my trench coat and tied it up before answering the door.

"Where is money?" A short, balding fat man with a bad moustache and thick accent asked me.

"Good morning, Mr. Jabowitz," I said with a sigh.

"Where is money?" He repeated.

"How much do I owe you?" I asked, as I stepped towards my desk. His eyes got big as I picked up the cash from my desk.

"Oh," he said, much more kindly, "you finally solve case, huh?"

"Not yet," I replied.

"You give me $2,500 and we all settled," he said greedily.

"How about I give you $3,000, and that will settle us through next month and you finally get the hot water running again?"

"Is ok," he said as he took the money and went to bang on Joe Burton's office door and yell at him for some inane reason.

I closed my office door and took off my trench coat. I was still sticky from last night with Tara, so I hopped in the shower and got myself cleaned up. I put on a fresh white blouse and khaki skirt and got ready for some real detective work.

I looked at the photo Tara had left me again and didn't get much from it. There was also nothing that stood out on the magazine cutout letter except for a small green splotch on one of the letters. I dialed the number on Tara's business card. It barely rang once.

"Is this Miss Sleuth?" She asked.

"Yes, Ms. Michaels."

"Tara, please, Miss Sleuth. Ah'm so glad to heah from you! Did ya already solve the case?"

"Not quite." I stared at the photo, resisting the urge to rub one out right then and there. "Tara, can you tell me anything about the photo, who the girl is, where this hotel is, anything?"

"Oh, silly me, ah can't believe ah didn't say anything last night! That's a penthouse suite at Planet Hollywood. Ah met the girl at a bar in the casino."
