 I was a little dazed after this latest encounter. She really was just teasing me. I realized that I needed to come up with something to get her back. I normally didn't think in these terms and that was a problem for me. I sat on the bed for a few minutes before remembering how Aidan reacted to my volleyball shorts. I grinned and went to my dresser. I pulled out the shorts and a crop top that I normally wore when I was by myself because it was way too small. Even when I was alone I wore a bra under it because I embarrassed myself with it. I pulled on the skintight, well, beyond skintight black shorts and the short, UCLA blue tee shirt. Jeannie's crop top was short, but when she stood still, her boobs were covered completely. This thing barely covered my nipples when I wasn't moving and didn't cover them at all when I was. The thought of showing myself off to Jeannie got me going again and my nipples got very hard. I brushed out my hair into a pony tail. When I raised my arms, the crop top rose above my nipples and when I let my arms back down, the hem caught on both of the hard nubs, hanging there exposing most of my boobs, before falling to mostly cover me when I moved again.

I watched this process in the mirror, thinking, 'Perfect!' to myself.

I bounced down the stairs, literally and figuratively, calling out to Jeannie as I reached the bottom, hoping to time a turn of her head to when I cleared the wall between stairs and the living room. 'Yessss!' I thought as I turned the corner, the shirt flipping up just as I saw Jeannie turn her head. Her eyes grew huge as she took in the sight of me, dressed so innocently, yet provocatively. Her mouth stopped, halfway open, her response dying in her throat. I watched her eyes sweep from my boobs to the tight shorts, displaying what Aidan calls a camel toe, and back to my uncovered boobs.

I asked as innocently as I could, "Do you want some popcorn or something to drink?"

Jeannie's mouth moved, but nothing came out, except a raspy squawk. She closed her eyes, gathered herself, opened them again widely and answered, "Uhhh sure, p-p-popcorn sounds great."

"Anything to drink?" I asked as I disappeared into the kitchen. I had to stop, I started giggling as soon as I got into the kitchen, I was going to laugh out loud and ruin it. I covered my mouth until I had recovered.

I controlled myself and it was good that I did, because Jeannie peeked into the kitchen. "I'd like some diet Coke, if we have any."

I busied myself with the microwave popcorn, keeping my back to her. "I'm sure we do."

"Can I help with anything?" Jeannie asked softly, her voice sounding no closer. I grinned to myself, sure that she was standing there staring at my ass.

"Sure, you could get out a bowl and fix us both a diet Coke." I said. "I like mine with lots of ice."

I could hear the smile in her voice as she said softly, "I remember."

I punched the start button and spun around to face her. She was standing in front of the cabinet with two glasses in her hands, a deer-in-the-headlights expression on her face. She hesitated before walking, a little unsteadily, to the 'fridge. I watched as she filled both glasses with ice and then diet Coke. The popcorn finished and I took it out and then got out the bowl that Jeannie forgot.

She giggled, "Sorry."

I smiled, "'s Ok."

I dumped the popcorn into the bowl and looked at Jeannie. "Is one bag enough, or should I make more?"

Jeannie shrugged, "Let's go with one for now, I'll make the second batch if we need it."

I smiled, "OK."

We went to the living room and sat down. Jeannie picked up the remote and flicked on the movie. It was still in the opening credits and I was surprised. "You sat down here all that time and didn't watch any of the movie?"

She blushed sweetly, "I was waiting for you," she murmured.

I smiled, "That was sweet."

The blushed deepened. We sat there watching for a few minutes, eating the popcorn which was on the couch between us. Jeannie picked up the bowl and set it on the coffee table.

She touched my arm and I turned to look at her. "Can I scoot over and sit next to you?"

The look on her face was shy, but wanting and the killer sweet, shy smile that did so much damage to my resolve was flickering on her little face. I thought about saying no, but couldn't. As I raised my arm to welcome her to snuggle, I realized I really didn't want to deny her. She made an excited little sound and burrowed in next to me. Her bare, soft leg slid along mine and felt heavenly. It was so soft, smooth and warm that I sighed. I sensed, rather than saw her little smile.

This little game of chicken we were playing was currently at a draw. I thought I had gotten one up on her with the volleyball shorts, but she had drawn even by sliding her leg against mine. Jeannie broke my thoughts for a moment by bringing the bowl onto our laps.

I glanced at her and she giggled. "I want to be close to you. That doesn't mean I don't want popcorn."

I just shook my head and returned to watching the movie. A couple of times, our fingers met in the bowl. Every time they did, my stomach lurched a little. Pretty soon, the bowl was empty and Jeannie turned to look at me. "Do you want some more?"

I thought for a moment, "No, I don't think so, do you?"

She hesitated and then answered, "No, I'm good," and put the bowl on the coffee table.

She snuggled back in, laying her head on my shoulder and wrapping her arm around my tummy. It didn't feel like she was trying to get to me, because she didn't try groping me, she seemed content to leave her bare hand and arm lying across my bare belly. While she seemed content, I was growing more and more uncomfortable. The distraction of her warm arm was all I could think about. I completely lost interest in the movie and all of my focus was on how good she felt. I stayed as still as I could, absorbing the sensations of Jeannie's arm on my stomach and her head on my shoulder. We sat there, for the length of the movie, not moving, just being together. The movie ended, the credits rolled, and it went back to the Netflix menu. We still hadn't moved. I looked over at Jeannie and her eyes were closed and she appeared to be asleep.

"Jeannie?" I whispered.

"Mmmm-hmmm," was the only thing I got in response.

"Jeannie, it's late, let's go to bed." I whispered.

"Noooo," came the childish whine, "like it here." She snuggled in even tighter.

I was stymied. I needed to get to bed, five o'clock comes early and I needed to move. After a few minutes I decided to try something different.

"Jeannie?" I whispered again.

"Mmmm-hmmm," again.

"If I let you snuggle like this in bed," I said softly, "Will you come to bed?"

She picked her head up and looked at me with a sleepy, sexy smile. "Do you mean it? You're not just saying that to get me to move, are you?"

I smiled, "I am saying it to get you to move, but I do mean it."

She smiled again, "'K!" She got up, tugging me to my feet. "Remember, you promised."

I smiled and kissed her on the forehead. "I know, come on."

I turned off the TV and lights while she went upstairs. When I got into my, well, our room, Jeannie was lying there smiling hopefully. She had left me almost enough room on my side of the bed.

I stood at the side of the bed, looking down at her. "Jeannie, you've got to scoot over."

She whined like a little girl. "You promised."

"Yeah, I did." I said, "I'm not reneging on that promise, but you've got to give me more room."

She grinned, "Oh, sorry." She moved about an inch, giggling.

I just frowned at her.

"OK, OK." She giggled while moving enough that I could comfortably lie down.

As soon as I lay down, she was on me. She threw her leg over my thighs and her arm across my chest, brushing the bottoms of my boobs. She squirmed until I wrenched my arm out from between us and wrapped it around her shoulders. She snuggled in, pressing her soft breasts into my side and her face into the nape of my neck.

She kissed my neck softly and cooed, "Thank you, Katie, good night."

I whispered without thinking, "Good night Babydoll, I love you."

I felt her tense up for a moment. She relaxed and I first felt a gentle kiss and then wet warmth on my neck.

It took me a few moments to figure out what was the wetness on my neck. As I realized what it was, I whispered, "Jeannie? Are you crying?" She didn't say anything, and after a few moments she just nodded.

"Why?" I asked quietly.

She sniffled and said, "Because you said, 'I love you.'"

It was my turn to hesitate, "I did?"

"Uh-huh," came her muffled reply. "Since you didn't know you said it, does that mean you didn't mean it?"

"Uhhhh," I mumbled, stalling. I wasn't sure what it meant. I thought back to when I said it and remembered that I had, in fact, said it. I realized that it had come so easily because it felt right. I smiled, realizing that I had discovered something.

"Baby," I said softly, "I didn't realize that I had said it, because it felt right to say it. I'm not sure what that means, but I know it felt right and comfortable saying it. I've already told you that I don't do casual so this is new to me. You should also know that I have only said those words to a handful of people so they're sacred to me. I guess what I'm trying to say to you is that I think I'm beginning to fall in love with you. So I guess the answer to your question is, yes I did mean it."

I felt her lips curve in a little smile and again she kissed me in the nape of my neck. This time it sent chills down my spine, I shivered and I could feel her begin to shake with excitement.

'Oh crap.' I thought. I had encouraged her and she would expect sex, now. I was wrong.

Her lips stayed on the skin of my neck as she replied, "I'm soooo happy. I think I feel the same way. Though I want to lick and kiss you all over and make love to you all night, I think you're right. We should go slowly and then when it's right, we'll both know and it will happen. Then, when it does; it will be spectacular and forever. I love you my Angel."

She hugged me and after several minutes of little hugs and kisses she gradually became very still. I could tell by her breathing that she had fallen asleep. The difficulty that I had been experiencing seemed to abate a little. I think Jeannie's declaration of love and desire to go slowly allowed me to relax; it didn't feel as though I needed my defenses up constantly. I was now able to enjoy the warmth of Jeannie's body beside me. Her big, soft breasts were pushed into my side and I could feel the definition of her hard nipples leading the way. Her hips were pressed against mine, her pussy warmly attached to my hip. As my relaxation deepened and I drifted off to sleep, my thoughts were of how natural and good this felt having Jeannie nestled up to me.

***************

When my alarm went off on Monday morning I found that Jeannie and I had moved around a bit. She had rolled onto her right side and I was spooning her, my arm tightly around her waist. I reached back and turned off my alarm. I wasn't going to turn on the snooze, but I rolled back and kissed Jeannie on the shoulder.

"What time is it?" Jeannie mumbled.

"It's five." I said softly.

"Do I have to get up?" She whined.

I giggled, "No, but I need to get up. Did you set your alarm?" She had set up another alarm clock on the other night stand over the weekend.

"Uh-huh." She answered.

"OK," I said, "I'll get up and get ready."

She just snorted in response, making me giggle again. I took a shower and got dressed, and kissed her on the forehead before I left. I was out of my apartment in an hour and she hadn't moved.

My day was normal...mostly. Occasionally, my thoughts would wander from what I was doing. Jeannie. Jeannie would suddenly be in my thoughts, that shy, sexy smile, looking up at me through her eyelashes. I would be startled and lose track of my thoughts and abruptly stop speaking. I would gather myself and relaunch my class lesson.

The rest of the day went about the same, losing track two or three times per class. Senior English finally rolled around and my eyes found Brittany right away. There was a knowing, happy smile on her face. I frowned and shook my head, slightly, and she giggled. I turned to the rest of the class. No-one was paying attention to Brittany or me. I got the attention of the class and they settled down immediately. The change in the twins startled me every day, even though it had been months. They were still courteous, attentive and participated. Their grades had improved to the point that they had earned solid B's. If I were honest with myself, their behavior and grades were among my proudest achievements as a teacher. They had turned into good kids and I liked to think that I was a big part of the change. By the end of class; I had only thought of Jeannie once. When I recovered, I glanced at Brittany and she was giggling. I just sighed; in class, I couldn't even make a face at her.

In Honors English, I lost track a couple of times. When I glanced at Chloe, she had a knowing grin on her face. I had to look away before I gave her more to think about. The class finished and as they were filing out, Chloe hung back.

She approached my desk when the class was empty except for the two of us. I looked up and she was standing there, smiling. "I'm so happy for you, Ms. Cunningham." She said softly, "You deserve happiness."

I smiled back, "What are you talking about, Chloe?"

She smiled, "I recognize the look on your face, Ms. Cunningham. I see it every time I look at Brittany or in the mirror. You're in love...and not just a little. I've never seen you lose track in class and today you did it three times." She giggled, "Was it spectacular? Brittany and I had a spectacular Saturday night!"

I blushed, "Chloe!" I whispered fiercely. "You shouldn't tell me that!"

She continued to giggle. "Awe, come on, share!" I was still glaring at her when she walked out of the room, giggling.

The bell rang and the kids left. I wasn't paying attention to them. I was working on my class plan for tomorrow and I felt a presence in front of my desk. I looked up and Chloe and Brittany were standing there grinning at me. "Tell us! Tell us about her!" They said in unison. I shook my head. "Awe, c'mon, tell us."

I said softly, "Not here, it wouldn't be appropriate."

Chloe grinned, "Coffee?" She pulled out her phone and called her mom. "We're going for coffee with Ms. Cunningham, is that OK?" She nodded at Brittany and me and said, "No, this is for her, not us. OK, I will, thanks Mom."

"She said to say 'Hi'." Chloe said, "and she also said to say thank you for being there for me..." she glanced at Brittany and touched the back of her hand to Brittany's, "for us."

Brittany's eyes glazed over with tears and with love as she looked at Chloe. She tore her eyes away from Chloe and looked at me. "Can we go now?"

I sighed, "I don't really have any choice, do I?"

They both giggled and shook their heads. I gathered my things and we headed to my car. I made a show of having stuff on the front seat so that anybody watching wouldn't think anything of the girls climbing into the back seat together. I glanced in the mirror and saw how they shyly touched their thighs together and sweetly held hands. I thought, as I often did upon seeing them; that young love is a truly beautiful thing to behold. They were so innocent, yet so totally enraptured with each other. It always made me smile.

Once again, I drove to Stella's Coffehaus and we found a small secluded table. I got each of us a coffee and we settled in to talk. This was a role reversal of sorts, the girls wanted to hear about my love life and problems. There was nothing salacious to share, so I thought it would be OK.

They were both grinning, holding hands under the table. "C'mon, spill Ms. Cunningham." I frowned, feigning displeasure with their behavior. They didn't buy it for a second. "Really?" They said simultaneously.

I grinned, "OK, you've called me out, now just call me Katie, OK?"

They smiled, reached out and each took one of my hands. "Katie," Chloe said, "we can see you're really, really happy and distracted. What happened, what's going on, where'd you meet her and what's her name?"

I blushed, "You're not going to believe it, but she's Aidan's ex-wife."

Chloe gasped and Brittany blurted, "Who's Aidan?"

I smiled, "My brother."

Brittany laughed out loud and said, "So you're falling in love with your ex-sister-in-law? That is sooo hot! It's almost incest!"

Chloe smacked her, "Be quiet! You're gonna get Katie in trouble."

Brittany reddened, "Sorry."

I giggled, "It's OK, you're right. It's kinda weird, thinking of someone as your sister for years and then starting to fall for them. Jeannie..."

"That's her name? Jeannie?" Chloe interrupted.

"Yeah, her full name is Jeannine Lucille Weatherford Cunningham. So she's actually still a Cunningham." I said.

"What's she look like?" Brittany asked.

"She's tiny." I said, smiling and thinking of her. I drifted off for a minute and the girls elbowed each other and giggled.

"How tiny?" Chloe asked.

"I don't think that she's even five feet tall." I blushed, "She's got this perfect little bubble butt and enormous boobs for her size." I giggled, "She's like a little brunette, brown-eyed Barbie doll. She's got this shy little sexy smile that melts me every time I see it."

They were listening and watching and giggling. "Wow, Katie, you've got it bad. How long has this been going on?" Chloe asked.

I blushed because of how shallow this was going to sound. "Uhhh, since Friday night."

Brittany laughed. "No Katie, I don't think so. You can't fall that hard, that fast without something having gone on before."

I was stunned at the thought, "No, really. She was just my brother's wife. I have always thought of her as a sister."

Brittany was unconvinced, "Uh-huh. Maybe consciously, but sub-consciously something else was going on. Like with us." She leaned into Chloe who smiled and radiated happiness.

I conceded, "Maybe..."

Chloe spoke up, "So tell us what happened on Friday."

I started with Jeannie waking me up on Friday night. I told them that I slapped her and they both gasped. "You didn't!"

"Yes, I did." I said, hanging my head for a minute. I raised my head up and looked at them. "But, I don't really regret it. I know that I'm not supposed to slap people, but she was sooo out of line, it was more appropriate than not. I don't regret it, but in retrospect, I think I could have done something different."

I continued with the weekend. I included sleeping together, but not the groping. They were amazed by Aidan's acceptance and encouragement of my situation.

"He must be an amazing guy." Brittany said.

I smiled, "He is."

They laughed when I told them about Ruthie calling me a fluff. Chloe said, "I can think of a lot of descriptors to use for you, Katie. I don't think fluff would be one of them."

I said, "Thanks...I think."

They laughed again. I finished up about the move and my dad asking if I would tell my mother. I looked at Chloe and said, "Remember when I told you that your mom might surprise you?" She nodded. "Well, it turns out I should have heeded my own advice. My mom has either known or suspected that I am a lesbian for a long time. She said she was insulted that I thought she was an idiot. I should have known, but I didn't." I continued with describing the weekend.

I touched on our discussions about sex with my desire to move slowly and Jeannie's aggressiveness and they both giggled. I told them about the little crop-top war in which we were engaged. They thought that was hilarious. I finished with my declaration of love for Jeannie and hers for me. They were a little surprised that when Jeannie and I had declared our love that the pressure for sex had actually abated.
