 This just wasn't Suzy's night. First, her date with Brad was cancelled after he had to suddenly leave town to go to his grandmother's funeral. Then, her back-up plans to see a movie with her best friend Amy also fell through, following Amy's acquiring food-poisoning that afternoon at the school cafeteria. Her parents were both out of town for the week, and her brother off at college. Alone and restless, Suzy was bored. So she decided to hit the town by herself, something she had never done before.

The 18-year old high school senior was a beauty by anybody's standards, especially her own. Her lithe young body had near perfect dimensions, with long, tapered, smooth and silky legs, a pert round little butt, flat stomach, and small-but-nicely-formed breasts. Add to that a pretty face and shoulder-length blonde hair, and she was indeed a hottie. Her reflection as she preened before the mirror caused her to smile with satisfaction.

But now a problem arose in her mind. Where to find the right someone to share her time with? That could be tricky. She didn't want to go just anywhere or be seen with just anyone. Suzy had high standards for herself, and wasn't about to lessen it by getting together with just any guy off the street, no matter good-looking he might be.

So, dressed in her tightest miniskirt, the yellow one with the spaghetti straps and matching yellow bra and panties underneath, she got into her Mazda Prelude and headed uptown to the Paramount Club, the hottest dance bar where she also knew the doorman and therefore knew she could get in for free with a minimum of fuss. But could she make it there before happy hour ended? Sure she could. Granted, she probably wouldn't have to buy herself a drink all night, not with these legs, but why waste time? The night was long, but not that long. 

But as she crossed 42nd Street her plans began to unravel. The flashing lights behind her caused her to immediately look down at her speedometer. It showed 56 miles-per-hour. Uh oh. What was the speed limit? 30 miles-per-hour? "Are they kidding? That's 26-miles over the speed limit! "I'll lose my license," Suzy thought, remember those two other speeding tickets she'd already received this year.

She decided to lose the cops. Hitting the gas, Suzy sped up, ran a light, then made a quick turn into an alley, racing like the NASCAR driver she knew herself to be. Unfortunately, she was on the wrong track. This unfamiliar alley was a dead end. Suzy knew she was in for trouble. The police barely listened to her story about being confused and not seeing them in her rear-view mirror. They impounded the car and took her to jail.

The policewoman jailer was impressed when the police turned Suzy over to her custody. Staring at the young girl's sexy figure, the woman couldn't help but lick her lips. "Somebody's going to have some fun in here tonight," she thought to herself.

Suzy was led into a cell that obviously held four inmates. She was relieved to find herself alone. The call to her father's lawyer had only reached his answering machine. Hopefully he checked his messages regularly.

For the next 45-minutes Suzy just sat there on one of the beds built into the walls. The she heard the clicking of a key into the lock, and stood up, expecting to see the lawyer or perhaps one of his assistants, coming to bail her out. Instead it was the woman jailer, followed by a woman in a leather biker jacket. She looked to be in her mid-twenties, and while attractive, also looked like the kind of person used to having her own way. The jailer had a smirk on her face as she locked her in.

"Have fun, Casey," she quietly said as the door closed behind her and the locked clicked again, leaving Suzy very much alone with her new cellmate.

The biker girl stared in disbelief at the cute little blonde in front of her. She removed her jacket and then broke into a smile. And not an altogether friendly smile, either. More like the kind of smile a spider might have when it first meets the fly trapped in its web.

"Well, what have we here," she said quietly to herself, and then addressed Suzy directly. "My name's Casey. And you are?" Suzy looked her over. Casey was a short-haired brunette with heavily made-up eyes and a tattoo on her upper right arm showing a sword and heart.

"I'm Suzy," was all she could say in response. Meanwhile, Casey's eyes were travelling over Suzy's body with obvious delight. Suzy felt like a calf at the State Fair being sized up by the judges. Hungry judges.

"Have a seat, pretty thing," purred Casey. "Let's you and me get to know eachother better." Casey sat on Suzy's bunk, gently pulling Suzy down next to her. Suzy decided not to resist, realizing that this strange woman probably wouldn't take no for an answer. She'd heard stories about tattooed biker chicks before, and decided that she could afford to cooperate until she was bailed out. And hopefully that would happen very soon.

In the meantime, one of Casey's hands was roaming free up Suzy's leg, while the other found its way around her waist.

"I've had a terrible day," mumbled Suzy, backing away. "Excuse me if I don't want to talk with you about it." She then lamely tried to divert Casey's hand from her thigh, unsuccessfully. Her efforts to rise were hampered by the fact that Casey now had her effectively pinned with her back to the wall of the cell.

"Well I'm having a great day," responded the biker girl. "And it's just gotten a lot better." She leaned over and ran her lips up Suzy's neck.

"Please don't," whispered Suzy. "I'm really not like that." She tried to get up off the bed, but was quickly yanked back down by Casey.

"Listen, you little bitch, don't make me have to get rough with you! You're a sexy little thing right now, but I could mess you up really good if I wanted to, and all your screaming wouldn't help. I'm in charge here! You're my pretty little bitch, understand?"

Suzy nodded, staring back into the older woman's eyes, as the tears welled up in her own. 

"Now, take off that dress and let me see what I've got here to play with tonight!" Casey said this matter-of-factly, but with a look that promised force if she wasn't immediately obeyed.

Suzy did what she was told. Slowly she got up and unzipped her tight minidress. Pulling it down over her taught form revealed a tanned, creamy complexion and a very sexy body. "I've hit the jackpot," thought Casey to herself.

Suzy stood there with nothing on but bra and panties. Casey ran her hands up and down the sides of that lovely body trembling before her, turning Suzy around so that she could then caress Suzy's gorgeous derriere. "Why don't you give me a lap-dance, pretty girl," she said in a husky voice.

Suzy was shocked by the request, but felt she had little choice but to comply. Besides, what was a lap dance anyway? This she could tolerate. And so, positioning herself between Casey's outstretched legs, she slowly began to gyrate her body to music in her head. Her audience of one clearly was enjoying the show, judging by her smile and continued caresses up and down Suzy's legs. This continued for about five or six minutes before Casey decided it was time to move on.

"Let's remove that pretty bra and those skimpy panties now," she whispered, and quickly tugged down on the panties while Suzy undid her bra. Casey turned her around and bent her over as this was happening, thereby getting a great look at Suzy's exposed sexy round butt.

"This is just too good," mumbled Casey, as she then proceeded to plant wet, warm kisses all over Suzy's pretty ass cheeks. "You are a beauty, and now you're all mine," she added, throwing in an occasional spank just to enjoy the sight of Suzy's wiggling rear end. Suzy was frozen in shock, feeling her ass being alternately kissed and spanked, with the sensation of having herself so helplessly exposed to another woman's intimate attentions.

The young girl was beginning to feel lightheaded. But just when she felt she was about to faint, Casey pulled her down onto her lap and began kissing her on the mouth. Suzy tried to turn her head, but to no avail. Casey was fully in charge, and very persistent. Suzy's surrender was now complete. All over her lips, neck, shoulders, and eventually breasts Casey's lips wandered freely, her hands still cupping Suzy's ass. She was devouring the younger girl with a passion very real and very strong. She'd had other girls in her possession before, but never one this fresh, this young, this pretty. And she was all hers. Her captive. Her slave.

Before the hour was over, Suzy felt like she'd been wrung through a ringer. At one point, Casey took her doggy style, stomach down, butt-up, as if she had on a strap-on dildo, which she did not. But it didn't matter. Moments later, Casey then flipped her over onto her back, lifted up the younger girl's legs, and buried her mouth onto her shaven pussy. Suzy remained dizzy throughout the entire ordeal, and try as she might to distance herself from what was happening to her lush young body, she soon found herself panting with a warm, glowing feeling that spread throughout her entire form. By the time Casey's energies were exhausted, Suzy realized her hands were gripping Casey's head, fingers running through her short hair in appreciation. She came right then and there, her body exploding with excitement.

Later, still nude and sitting on Casey's lap, feeling her now gentle caresses, she was almost brought to tears by word that her bail had been paid and she could go home. Slowly pulling herself from Casey's tender embrace, she hesitantly grabbed her clothes and hastily pulled them on. Casey patted her on the butt as they kissed a tender good-bye, and she walked out, taking one last wistful glance back at her erstwhile cellmate before walking out the door. It had been a surprisingly arduous night for the 18-year old beauty, but certainly not an uneventful one, and nobody could say the experience had been boring.

"Have fun tonight, Case?" leered the female guard before locking the cell behind her. 

"I owe you one, Leona," responded Casey, laying her head back onto the bed. "You know, this place isn't half bad."

Both women broke into laughter.