 Suzanne was driving home, her mind was filled with visions from recent events, she shivered when she thought of how much her life had changed and she could not help but wonder what the future held in store for her. Here she was a respectful southern lady of means until her black maid seduced her and made Suzanne her bitch! Now her 18 year old daughter was in an all black girl's school and the teachers and students turned her into a pussy licking sex servant! 

As Suzanne pulled into the long driveway, her thoughts were filled with concern for her 19 year old daughter. Suzanne rushed in the house and Emily told her that they were upstairs! She ran upstairs and was looking for her daughter when she heard sounds coming from her bedroom!

The attractive blond mother gasped when she saw her beloved Mary on her back with her creamy legs spread, Flame was lapping her pussy and Nora was sitting on her pretty face! When Nora spotted Suzanne, she yelled out, "There's my bitch! Get your skinny ass downstairs and bring Emily up here; when you come back with her, I want you to lose the clothes and join the orgy!"

When they returned; Nora told them to disrobe and for mom to lie beside her daughter and get it on with the house maid. Emily positioned herself on top and she and Suzanne were passionately eating each others pussies! Nora said, "Oh yeah, that's it girls, watching the contrast of your skin color while you eat each other is so hot! I'm going to cum on Mary's face; she is such a good little pussy licker! Just like her mom!" The orgy went on for hours and ended when Nora forced a reluctant mother and daughter to orally satisfy each other! The women reached orgasms watching the incestuous lesbian action!

After a few days, Nora startled Suzanne when she announced that she called the school and made arrangements for Mary to attend! She informed Suzanne that the school administrator requested that Susanne drive her daughter to the school tomorrow. Suzanne protested, "Mary is already going to school. This is insane!"

Nora gave her a dirty look and asked, "Are you questioning me? Do I have to remind you who the boss is? Now get some sleep and be ready for a trip to the school in the morning!" 

The cowed blond hung her head and meekly replied, "Yes Mistress!" Nora instructed Suzanne to sleep with her daughter tonight because she was expecting company! The blond mother was puzzled and wanted to ask what company but was intimidated by her mistress and knew better than to question Nora!

The doorbell chimed and Emily answered the door and escorted a beautiful redhead into the living room and served her a glass of wine. Nora introduced her as Brandi and said that they would party together someday but for now they would prefer to be alone. Nora cast a cold look at Suzanne and said. "Why don't you and Mary go to bed now and get plenty of rest for your trip in the morning?" Mother and daughter climbed the stairs feeling like strangers in their own home!

Suzanne gazed at her lovely daughter and thought how different she looked than Cindy and herself. Mary had brown hair and eyes, she stood 5'8", had 34C breast and resembled her father much more than her. The slender girl asked her mother how long Nora was going to run the house. Mom told her that she would figure something out!

Suzanne was the first to go downstairs in the morning, Nora, Flame and Brandi were on the sofa and they all greeted her good morning. Suzanne went into the kitchen and poured coffee for Mary and herself. Mother and daughter drank their coffee at the kitchen table and said their goodbye's and left for the school

The arrived at the school and went directly to Amanda Blum's office. Amanda greeted them and summoned Cindy to show her sister around and get her orientated. The upset mother asked, "Why is my daughter enrolling in your school when she is all ready attending college?"

The puzzled school administrator simply replied, "Because you enrolled her."

"I did no such thing!"

"Wait a minute here; Nora called me and said that you wanted your other daughter to attend school with her sister! What the hell is going on here?"

"I never said such a thing! How well do you know Nora? Is she a friend of yours?" 

"Actually, I first met her about a year and a half ago when her daughter was admitted to our school in order to avoid reform-school! Quite frankly, I am not fond of her at all. I have found her to be conniving and manipulating. You appear to be upset, please confide in me, I would like to be of help to you!"

"Well ok, I regret ever letting her seduce me, she has taken over my house and even brings strange women to my home and she tries to control everything. I want her out of my house and out of my life! She has gone way too far; the problem is that I can't physically throw her out, I need some help."

"You could call the police and have her thrown out and get a restraining order! That would be my advice, however, I do have a friend with the state police and she would know exactly what to do. You will find her to be a wonderful person, extremely competent and caring. Her name is Sarah Johnson; If you like, I will call her now; there is absolutely no doubt in my mind that she is the one to handle this problem."

"Would you? I desperately need help and she sounds like the answer!"

"You poor dear, I hate seeing you so distraught, I will call her immediately." Suzanne squirmed nervously in her chair while Amanda spoke on the phone. Amanda broke her phone conversation and asked the pretty blond mom if she could meet Sarah for dinner tonight at 8 pm. Suzanne nodded her head yes and Amanda wrote on her pad. She thanked Sarah, hung up the phone and handed the worried blond the address of the restaurant where she was to meet the state policewoman. 

The grateful blond exclaimed, "Thank you so much; you have no idea how important this to me. I am in your debt, how can I ever repay you?"

The school administrator smiled and answered, "There is no payment necessary, I am just glad that I could be of assistance. However, it would be nice if you and I could get together again, you are so hot! I realize that sometimes I tend to control and dominate during sex, but let's face it, we both enjoy the game. The difference between Nora and I is that I would never do anything to harm you. I sincerely respect you and outside of the bedroom, I will treat you like the wonderful lady that you are!" 

"I know, it's just that I have so much on my mind right now. When this nightmare is over we will get together again!" 

Suzanne left the office and felt hopeful that her problem could be resolved. She considered visiting her daughters but decided not to when she recalled how the students molested her last time. Suzanne chose instead to get a motel room and take a nap before her dinner engagement.

Cindy was excited to see her sister and hugged and kissed her in the hallway. Four students approached them and wanted to know what was going on. Cindy excitedly exclaimed that Mary was her sister and that she was going to join her at the school. A heavyset girl laughed and asked, "Is she going to join you in eating black pussy? Is she as good as you?"

One of the other girls said, "Let's find out!" and the two white girls were pushed to their knees. Skirts were lifted and both sisters had wet black pussies pressed to their faces. Then they were forced to kiss and lick black ass! Two female janitors broke it up and ushered the white sisters into a storeroom. 

The tall slender black janitor in her late twenties, demanded to know what was going on. The shorter, not fat but large boned woman informed, "This is the one we heard about! Some of the teachers and students have been using her face to get off-on. I hear she just loves to taste black pussy; she is in luck today, I have a hot cunt that longs for her tongue and lips and wants to give her all of the love juice that she can take! But who is the other girl?"

Cindy nervously replied, "She is my sister, she just got here today and I haven't had the opportunity to explain everything to her yet. Please give her a chance to become acclimated to school and leave us alone."

The tall janitor laughed and said, "Take your fucking clothes off bitches; you both can get acclimated to our juicy black pussies!" They all stripped and the white girls stared at the two sweaty naked black women, the tall one had small tits and a shaved pussy and the shorter woman had huge breasts and a lush bush of black pubic hair! 

The tall woman kissed Cindy and the woman with the big tits kissed Mary. Soon Cindy and her new friend were on the floor engaging in a wild 69! Mary was hungrily nursing on the big black melons. She went from one stiff nipple to the other and then sank to her knees and sniffed the scent of the aroused cunt! Her own pussy was filling with moisture when she breathed in the strong smell of the fuming love canal. Cindy weakened when she gazed at the dripping cunt with puffy pussy lips and was in awe when the large clit grew before her eyes. She felt herself succumbing to the temptation to taste this hairy black pussy!

A hand shoved her face to the sopping cunt and demanded, "Don't just look at it bitch! Get your face up there and eat it out. That's it white girl, suck that clit! Yessss do it slut; gobble it all up, suck the shit out of my cunt! Oh baby, I am going to cum; good girl, I want to take you home with me!" The girls were forced to eat each other's pussies; Mary couldn't believe it, she had forbidden sex with her mother and now she was enjoying her sister's tongue and pussy! After agreeing to visit the janitors again, the girls were released. 

Suzanne awoke and prepared to meet the state trooper that had agreed to help her. She made the short drive to the club and sat at the bar and waited for the policewoman. As she looked around the club, she noticed that the crowd was mostly black, there was a stage and a dinning room and she liked the classy atmosphere of this upscale club. A statuesque 6' ebony beauty approached her and chimed out, Hi, my name is Sarah Johnson and you must be Suzanne Stone. I must say that you are even more beautiful than Amanda told me you were!"

"Oh, thank you, it is so nice to meet you. That really is a compliment coming from such a stunning beauty as you!" Suzanne wore a white skirt and a light blue blouse and felt bad that she did not dress up when she saw how elegant Sarah looked in her black evening dress! She commented to that effect, but Sarah assured her that she looked lovely just the way she was.

They were seated at their table and enjoyed a scrumptious meal together; over cocktails, Sarah said, "Amanda told me everything that I need to know. Tomorrow I will meet you at your home and we will evict the low life scum-bag! How did a refined lady like you get mixed up with the likes of that?"

"I have been asking myself the same thing. She seduced me and was very dominating and authoritative. I must confess that in a strange perverted way I liked it but she went way too far!"

"I hope she doesn't have access to your bank account or any of your assets!"

"No, my money, checks and credit cards are hidden in a floor safe. I feel like such a fool being taken in like that!"

"I don't mean to pry in to your personal life but I never would have guessed that you were a lesbian! In the future I hope that you will be more careful who you get involved with."

The blond mother blushed and felt taken aback at being labeled as a lesbian by this enticing ebony beauty and stammered, "I...I had never been with a woman before her, she took me by force and made me do all kind of vile things! I feel so ashamed and embarrassed talking to you about sex! You are so kind and beautiful, so big and muscular; how could you understand why I gave in to her and actually enjoyed the sex and humiliation with another woman?" Tears flowed from her beautiful blue-eyes! 

"Please don't cry, I didn't mean to upset you! I have never been with another woman but I have thought about it! If I found myself alone with you, I don't think that I could resist making love to you! I truly find you to be the most attractive woman I ever meet and when this is over I would love to take you out for a real date!"

"Oh wow, sure, I would like that very much. I need to get my daughters out of that school; what should I do?"

"Your girls are not there by order of the court so it is quite simple; just see Amanda in the morning and take them out of school. You will find that Amanda will be helpful, she is not a bad woman and she will do the right thing. By the way, she told me about you and her!"

Suzanne gazed into the sparkling dark eyes of the 26 year old ebony goddess and announced, "I said that Nora was the first woman that I had been with, not the last. If you feel that I am too tainted then I will understand and won't hold you to the date offer! Do you want me to give you every detail of my encounters?" 

"No, you don't have to tell me a thing. I merely wanted to be honest with you and let you know that I knew about her. I did not ask you to go out with me to be kind! I asked because I want to go out with you! Call me when you are near your house tomorrow and I will meet you there. We better go now and get some sleep." Suzanne wanted to pay the bill but Sarah would not permit it!

They held hands while Sarah walked the blond to her car. They tenderly kissed goodnight, Suzanne melted in her strong arms and invited Sarah to her motel room! The stunning black woman replied, "It is very tempting but now is not the right time; try to get some sleep and I will see you tomorrow."

Suzanne tossed and turned trying to sleep but she kept thinking about Sarah and longed to be in her arms. In the morning she picked up her daughters and it was just as Sarah said it would be. Amanda was friendly and helpful; they kissed goodbye and she was taking her girls home.

During the ride home the girls thanked their mother for getting them out of that awful school. As they neared home, Suzanne stopped at a gas station to call Sarah. "Hi Sarah, I'm fifteen-minutes from home, when can you be there?"

"Hello darling, it's so good to hear your voice. I have good news, Nora is in jail! May I stop bye after I finish my shift and explain everything?"

"Of course, I will be home and waiting to see you. I am so looking forward to seeing you again; you have never left my mind, you are all that I think about! I love you and will see you tonight!"

"I think about you too. I will be there as soon as I can, good bye darling!"

"Good bye my love." Emotions filled the petite blonde's being; she felt relief, she felt apprehensive and most of all she felt inflamed with desire to see her captivating policewoman again! She hardly knew this angel of a woman but she never felt such a strong attraction to anyone in her whole life! She hung up the telephone and hurried home.

They walked in the house and Emily immediately proclaimed, "They arrested Nora, the state police came and took her away! Something about a woman in Atlanta. There were two cops and they handcuffed her. I don't know what is going on!"

"That's ok Emily, its best that she is out of our lives. You were a part of all this and I am considering letting you go! How could things ever be the same again?"

"Ms Stone, I am glad to see her go too! Please reconsider; I think the world of you and your daughters and would love to have things go back to the way they were before Nora entered our lives. I never liked her and only went along because you did. Haven't I always done good work for you? Please give me a chance to show you that it can go back to the way it was before."

"Emily, you are right; you were a fine housekeeper before she came along and I have always liked you. Very well then, we shall all put that shameful part of our lives behind us and carry on. I am expecting a guest this evening; could you prepare something special for dinner? I will leave it up to you what to cook, surprise me!"

"Yes ma'am; tonight you will have the best meal possible, just leave it to me and thank you. I promise that you will never regret this decision."

Suzanne took a long hot bubble-bath and used her most enticing perfume. She wanted to wear her sexiest gown but decided that it would be too obvious. She settled on a light blue dress and made certain that her hair and makeup were just right. The girls were watching TV and seemed to be enjoying themselves. Suzanne felt happier and her life felt fuller than ever before. The doorbell chimed and her heart jumped. Emily hurried from the kitchen and opened the door, she looked puzzled as she announced, "Ms. Stone it's the state police here to see you!"

"Bring her in Emily, she is our dinner guest!" Sarah was introduced to everyone and served a glass of wine. Suzanne grew week in the knees and felt her pussy dampen when she laid eyes on the ebony goddess and exclaimed, "Oh my God, you look so great in uniform; you can cuff me and take me away any time you want. Take your coat off and make yourself more comfortable. Dinner will be ready soon."

Sarah took off the coat and hung it on a clothes-tree. Suzanne was wide-eyed and got even wetter when she gazed at Sarah's muscles. She wondered what it would be like to see her naked. Sarah said, "My, what a beautiful home you have; I hadn't planned on staying for dinner but how can I say no to you? You look lovely tonight my dear."

Emily was complemented by all for the wonderful steak and lobster dinner. Sarah explained that a woman in Atlanta had filed a complaint against Nora for sexual-assault and there was a warrant out for her arrest. Suzanne tried in vain to persuade Sarah to stay overnight but they arranged a date for next week.

A couple of month's passed and while they saw each other often; Suzanne could not understand why after each date all she could get was a kiss. She was becoming frustrated and needed sex! On Sarah's day off she cooked a meal for the two of them and after dinner they relaxed on the sofa. Smooth R&B music was playing and Suzanne urged Sarah to dance with her. 

As they swayed to the sensual music, Suzanne lowered her hands to Sarah's firm buttocks and squeezed. The little blond was not used to being the aggressor but she wanted Sarah so badly. Suzanne started kissing her neck and moved her hands up Sarah's dress and under her panties and continued playing with the large and firm buttocks. They kissed passionately and the white woman was overcome with desire for the black woman. 

Suddenly, strong black arms cradled her and carried her to the bedroom. Suzanne felt like a little girl being carried away by this Amazonian black woman. She was gently placed on the bed and she immediately got naked. Sarah seemed hesitant so Suzanne helped her disrobe and gasped when she beheld the awesome beauty of the ebony sex goddess. Suzanne cried out, "You are so beautiful; I love you so much and want to make this a night that you will always remember."

Sarah replied, "You look like an angel and I can assure you that I will never forget my first time with a woman and it is a woman that I am totally in love with!" Their lips met and they fell back on the bed. Sarah was on her back and Suzanne kissed every inch of the ebony body. She lingered on her dark breast and smooth thighs. The black woman was surprised when the white woman took her feet in her mouth and sucked her toes. Then her tongue traveled up the long black legs and licked gently over her thick pubic hair and puffy pussy lips. Sarah cried out in ecstasy when the white woman sucked her clit and fucked her chocolate hole with her tongue. Sarah exploded in orgasm and Suzanne greedily licked it all up. The black woman erupted again when Suzanne licked her ass-hole. 

The blonde mom looked up from between the wide-spread black legs and her face glistened with cum and pussy juice, she lovingly said "I love you and I love your pussy. I could eat it all night long and still want more. How did you like it darling?" 
