 After two years of community college in my home town I moved 150 miles away to attend a large university. I'd been busy settling in and getting started in my classes and hadn't really had a chance to meet anybody. It made for some lonely times. Rather than sit around and feel sorry for myself, I flipped through the yellow pages determined to find something fun to do on a Saturday night. An ad for a bar that featured country music and dancing caught my eye. I had only been old enough to go to bars for a couple of months and my experiences so far had been disappointing. Guys seemed to hit on me the moment I arrived and many of them acted like I was a prick teaser when I politely refused their offers of drinks and their company. But I loved country dancing and I decided to take a chance that the cowboy types would be secure enough to handle a mild rejection.

I put on my best western shirt, which had pink and white stripes and closed with pearly snaps, then slipped into a pair of soft, comfortably snug jeans. My favorite dancing boots finished the outfit. I did a happy little shuffle and smiled at myself in the mirror. "Looking good, Blondie," I told myself and went off, planning to dance the night away.

As I opened the door to enter the bar I was hoping that if I met some cute guys, they wouldn't turn out to be creeps. To tell the truth, I was beginning to be horny enough to lower my standards a bit. My ex-boyfriend (and one and only lover) was nothing much between the sheets, but nobody touching me intimately except myself was getting old. 

The first person I saw when I went in wasn't a guy, cute or otherwise. It was a stunningly beautiful woman. Now, I've always admired the female body in painting and sculpture and I had taken my share of sneak-peeks at my classmates attributes in the locker room, but I had always considered myself strictly hetero. So I was surprised to find myself holding my breath and getting warm all over at the sight of this glorious creature.

She was very tall (5 foot 10 and a half, I later discovered) with creamy skin, long silky black hair, huge eyes the color of melting chocolate, and a killer smile that lit up the whole room. When I could tear myself away from that amazing face I found that the rest of her was just as amazing. Her black silk cowboy shirt outlined a fine pair of lush, full tits and her tight black jeans caressed a perfect peach-shaped bottom. And then there were her legs. Her thighs seemed to go on forever! "I bet SHE has guys standing in line to go down on her," I thought. It still pissed me off that my ex-boyfriend wouldn't do that for me. But a man would have to be crazy or gay not to want to bury himself between those long, sexy legs and give her whatever she craved.

Before I could embarrass myself by gaping at her any longer, a guy came up and asked me to dance. I gratefully got out onto the floor with him and kept dancing for most of the next couple of hours, with various partners. Finally I had to take a break and rest up. Several men offered to buy me a drink as I made my way off the floor. They let me go without comment when I refused as sweetly as I could, but I could tell they were annoyed. At least they weren't as rude as the guys at the rock clubs.

I got a drink at the bar and flopped down at a table where I could watch the dancing. A short while later the beauty I had seen when I came in made her way over to my table.

"Are you buying your own drinks because you want to be alone," she asked, flashing a blinding smile, "or are you just trying to avoid those cowboys who want to get in your pants?"

"Something like that," I said, smiling back. "Please, sit down."

"First I need to warn you that I'd also like to get in your pants, but I'm not so arrogant to think you'd owe me that for the price of a drink."

The flush of heat I'd felt when I first saw her was nothing compared to the hot flood that passed through my body now and concentrated in a burning scald between my legs.

"So, you're a lesbian?" I haltingly asked.

"Well, since I just admitted I'd like to make love to you and since you are clearly a woman, I guess that makes me a lesbian. Would you like me to move on?"

"No, no," I said, in way too much of a hurry. "Please, I'd really like to talk to you, but I'm not ..."

"Into women? That's OK. I'm capable of just being friends with girls I find attractive, believe it or not." She sat down next to me, facing the dance floor as I was. Just two gals resting and watching the dancing. Except the only thing on my mind was the thought I'd had earlier about how great it would be to lay down between those long, elegant legs of hers.

We introduced ourselves. "I'm Lacey," she told me.

"My name is Allison."

We chatted about our backgrounds and I discovered she was a farm girl from an adjoining state, now in her first year of veterinary school at my university. Her eyes really lit up when she talked about growing up in the country and how much she was looking forward to the day she could go home and open her practice. The local vet, who had known her all her life, had already promised to hire her and eventually retire and leave the business to her. Her enthusiasm really touched me and I found myself liking her very much.

We got up to dance again when a couple of guys approached us and both of us stayed out on the floor for better than an hour. Just as I was ready for another rest, she came up to me and asked if I'd like to come to her place for a drink. 

"Just to talk," she said with a smile. "After all, we out-of-town girls need all the friends we can get."

I followed her to her place in my car, with my heart pounding so hard I thought it would burst. I knew what I was feeling for this woman was nothing I had ever dealt with before. Somehow I just couldn't make myself turn off and go home, though.

Her house was a detached two car garage that the homeowners had converted to a very cute studio apartment, complete with a charming stone fireplace. She popped open a couple of wine coolers and suggested we settle on the floor in front of the fireplace, where there was a plush sheepskin rug and several large pillows. She lit the fire and stretched out across from me. 

We talked about all kinds of things and, of course, the conversation eventually turned to sex. I told her all about my boyfriend of three years who suffered from both premature ejaculation and lack of sexual imagination. I admitted solitary exploration had been my only source of pleasure in the intimate sense. I was feeling so relaxed with Lacey that I casually asked her how long she had known she was gay, without even thinking about how personal the question was.

"Thinking back I believe I was born that way, but I hadn't really put a name to it. I knew that when I was in high school and all my friends were drooling over the hunky guys, I really didn't care. I think I just vaguely figured I was a late bloomer. Then one day my best friend, who was a sweet kid, but more than a little slutty, told me she desperately needed, 'The biggest favor in the whole wide world.' I thought she wanted money for an abortion or something, but she asked me to ride horses with her out to our special swimming hole. When we got there she told me what she wanted and I was shocked down to my toenails."

"What did she want?" I asked, hypnotized by her story.

"She wanted me to go down on her."

My sharp intake of breath was more from the tight clenching in my pussy than it was from shock, but I didn't say anything.

"It seems that her latest boyfriend had started to do this for her and then jumped on her and came, just as she was realizing she could have a hell of a climax if he'd continued tonguing her a little longer."

"I just HAVE to see what it feels like, Lace, I just HAVE to. Please do it for me!"

"But I don't know how," I blurted out.

"I'll show you. I'll do it to you first and I promise I won't leave you hanging like that creep Tommy did me. I begged him to finish me but once he got off he didn't want to."

"I don't remember what I said, but the next thing I knew she took my shorts and panties off and dove right in to my bush. No warm up at all. I couldn't believe how wonderful it felt. I know now that her technique was non-existent, but her enthusiasm was amazing. I came to a roaring orgasm in a very short time."

"Isn't that great?" she asked, immediately jumping up and removing her own shorts and panties. "Do me, do me, NOW!" she said as laid down and spread her legs.

The look on Lacey's face as she remembered made me so hot I had to scoot a little further from the fire. 

"As I approached her I realized that I wanted to do this so bad, I couldn't believe it. The idea of putting my mouth on a girl's private parts was the sexiest thing I could ever dream of. I did my very best to please her, meanwhile having another climax of my own just from the smell and taste of her. She came like crazy and begged me to keep doing it until she had three more orgasms. She kept apologizing for being so greedy, but what she didn't know was that you couldn't have pulled my mouth off her with a John Deere."

"What happened afterwards?"

"Just what you'd expect, I suppose. I fell into puppy love with her and she kept looking for a guy who would give her what she wanted in the sack. Meanwhile she let me 'do her a favor' several more times. To her credit she always did it for me, too, even though she was truly straight, just horny enough to take what she could get. Eventually she found her guy. In fact she eventually married him and settled down to be a model housewife. And I lived without until I went away to college. I've had several relationships since, but I haven't found my special woman to settle down with."

When she finished her story she looked into my eyes and said, "Allison, I would very much like to kiss you. Would that be all right?"

"I think I'd like that very much," I said in a husky voice I hardly recognized as my own.

She got up into a kneeling position and I followed her lead. She pulled me against her and gently gave me a deep, hot kiss that set fire to everything in me. Her tongue stroked mine and her teeth nibbled on my lips until I was so excited I had to remind myself to breathe. I groaned in disappointment when she pulled away from me.

Looking deeply into my eyes she said, "This is it, woman. If you want this to stop, get up and get out of here right now because if I touch you again I'm not going to let you go until I've kissed every inch of your beautiful body."

I didn't say anything, but I stayed there on my knees looking into her eyes. Very deliberately she took the top of my shirt in her hands and pulled. The pearl snaps popped open like fireworks exploding and my braless breasts were revealed.

"Oh, yummy," she said, her eyes getting big as she looked at me. I think that was the moment I fell in love with her.

She started kissing me again from my lips to my neck to my breast, leaving trails of heat in her wake. She paid my breasts loving attention in a way I couldn't believe. My boyfriend had always kneaded them like bread dough and sucked on the nipples as if he was feeding, but Lacey handled them as if they were precious treasures. She licked and stroked and kissed them until my nipples were rock hard and I was panting for more.

I reached over to undo her shirt, but she stopped me. "Later," she said. "I want this first one to be all for you." I was mildly disappointed not to see her spectacular body in all it's glory yet, but I was soon so transported by what she was doing to me that I forgot everything but the incredible sensations she was producing.

After more wonderful, worshipful ministrations to my breasts, she kissed a trail down my body to my waist. She undid my jeans and pulled them off. My panties came off with them. I expected her to take up again where she had left off, but instead she moved to my feet. She kissed and licked and sucked her way up my legs, nibbling so long on my thighs I thought I would perish from anticipation. Finally she gently eased my legs further apart and slipped her tongue into my most intimate center. She licked gently from my pussy along the channel and up and over my clit. I moaned with pleasure and desire. Her sweet mouth played with me until every cell in my body was tingling. Eventually she settled into a steady rhythm of licking my clit which built my excitement to the point my body was vibrating all over. Just when I felt like I was going to explode, she stabbed her tongue deep into my pussy three times and then firmly licked my clit at a blinding speed. I came so hard that I nearly passed out. The little orgasms I'd given myself in the past seemed like tiny ripples in a stream compared to the volcanic eruptions she had given me. When I came back into awareness she was still gently licking my clit.

"You can stop," I told her. Embarrassed I added, "I came."

I could feel her lips curve into a smile. "No kidding, honey. There was no mistaking THAT. Usually when a woman has a hard climax like that she can enjoy several smaller ones until she becomes too sensitive to go on. I thought I'd check and see if it worked like that for you."

I could already tell it was working just like that. I had three more orgasms that I would never call "small" before I had to tell her to stop.

Lacey sat up on her knees and looked at me, grinning. "You look so cute with just that open shirt on and a satisfied look on your sweet face."

"And you look fully dressed. Let's do something about that," I told her as I opened my arms.

She snuggled down beside me and said, "We can leave it at this if you want to."

"Don't you need to come?" I asked, astonished.

"God, yes! But I can take care of that myself if you want to leave now. I know it's easier to receive than to give when you've never been with your own sex before. I'd understand if you want to go."

"Have you got a John Deere tractor handy?" I asked. "Because that's what it's going to take to pull me away from diving between those gorgeous thighs."

She kissed me then and I tasted myself on her face. Suddenly I was as on fire as I had been before she'd given me such pleasure. I all but ripped her clothes off. Her full, ripe breasts were enticing and I loved exploring them with my hands, lips, tongue and teeth, but I was desperately focused on getting between her legs. I urged her long legs apart and buried my face in her dark curls. 

The first taste of her was heaven and the sweet honey that flowed from her only made it better. I didn't consciously think about what to do at all. I just touched every bit of her intimate self with every part of my mouth. I could feel her moan and shake and the power of knowing I had caused that was enough to start another orgasm building inside me. I lapped at her clit at a steady pace, as she had done to me, and had the joy of feeling her climax beneath me, moaning my name as she did. Two strokes of my own finger brought me off, too.

As I laid there panting beside her I realized that I could never give this up. I would want and need to make love to this woman over and over again.

I moved in with Lacey the next day. Both of us nearly flunked out that term because, in spite of our best intentions to study, if we were both in the apartment sooner or later we'd be pleasuring each other in all the delightful ways there are.

We stayed together through my graduation and first year in law school. As Lacey's final months in veterinary school approached we had to face facts, however. She still very much wanted to go home and practice her profession there. I wanted to finish my law degree and go into politics. She would sometimes offer to stay with me, but I knew it would break her heart not to follow her dream. In weak moments I would offer to move with her (her family had already welcomed me as a daughter, bless their kind, nonjudgmental hearts), but she knew how deeply I treasured my professional dreams, too. Reluctantly we parted, but we've stayed the best of friends. Each of us has found our life partners now and maybe I'll tell you those stories another time.