 This is the continuing story of new found love of two lifelong lovers. Please read Sweaty Shelly's Story CH I and Sweet Shelly's Story CH II and III. All characters are age 18 and older.

--------------------

I could not believe how I felt after my last orgasm. My body felt alive, still tingling from receiving my first oral experience. I didn't know how Amanda had learned to do things she did to me nor did I care. All I knew was that I loved her and I desperately wanted to return the favor. 

As she laid down on the ground, I saw that her face and chest were soaked from my essence. Her body glisten as the sun's rays caressed over her naked body. My desire for her was building by the second, but she looked as though she was at peace, with her eyes closed and a grin on her face.

I laid next to her, wrapping my arms around her torso. Amanda responded by allowing me to rest my head on her shoulder, lightly running her hand up and down my back.

I moaned and giggled a little as she touched the sensitive areas, causing goose bumps to pop up all over my body. 

I continued to think about what she had done to me, wondering if I was her first or had she been with other girls and not told me. 

"Amanda?" I asked, "How did you know what to do to make me cum so much?"

She began to laugh and said, "Well it turns out that my brother is quiet the perv and he has very extensive collection of magazines and DVD's."

"You mean porn?" I asked.

"Hum yeah," she continued, "When he went away to college I guess he decided that he wasn't going to take them with him."

"So how did you discover his stash?" I asked trying to get more information.

"Well it wasn't like I was trying to find it, but he didn't hide it very well either." She responded. "I was looking for a book that he had borrowed and I thought he told it was under his bed. When I looked under his bed I found this brown cardboard box, thinking my book was in it. I pulled it out, opened it and couldn't believe what I had found. "

"Go on," I commanded her.

"It contained several magazines, a couple of books on sex and a lot of DVD's, but the most surprising thing I found in the box was a couple of pairs of panties and I think a couple of them were mine!" Amanda said shaking her head. 

"Really?!" I said, trying to absorb everything that she was telling me. I was wondering how I would react if I found my brothers stash, if I had a brother. But not only finding his stash, but finding panties, maybe my own panties. It would have a little much to comprehend.

"What do you think he was doing with the panties?" I asked being appalled by what she discovered.

"I don't know, but I felt somewhat weird about finding the box. I mean, I felt like I was invading his privacy but I remember him telling that he thought my book was under his bed, so I guess it was fair game," she answered. "What do you think?"

"Do you mean finding his stash or finding panties in his stash?" I asked.

"I don't know, maybe both," she replied.

"Well, I think finding his stash was fair because you think he told you that your book was under his bed, but the panty thing is kind weird!" I told her, "Did he wear them or putting them over his head when he played with himself or something else?"

"I don't know, but mine weren't the only panties I found," she continued, "I found other pairs that I didn't recognize."

"Whose panties were they?" I asked.

"I don't know, maybe his girlfriend's?" she replied.

"You mean Carmen's?" I asked.

"Yeah, maybe!" she said, "They did date their senior year."

"Oh, yeah, everybody thought that they would get married, for as long as they dated." I said. "Why did they break up?"

"I think they broke up because he wanted to have sex with her and she didn't," she replied. "I remember over hearing a conversation he had with one of his friends shortly after they broke up. He said that he was tired of waiting and she wanted to be sure that it was the right time for her."

"Another girl who has values," I said as I begin to play with her breasts.

"Yeah, I guess we have another member of the club." She said.

"So did you look at any of the magazines or the DVD's?" I asked, wanting to get back on the subject of how she learned to satisfy me orally.

"Oh yes, I did," she answered, "Some of the stuff was kind of disgusting. Like girls allowing boys to do thinks, like anal sex and forced blow jobs, but some of it was very nice."

"Like what?" I probed her for more information.

"Well there were a lot of pictures and DVD's of girls and women posing naked and masturbating, and there were some DVD's of girls playing with each other."

"Really, like what we did today?" I asked.

"Mmm," she moaned, as I rolled her nipples between my thumb and fingers, making them very erect.

"Well, not actually like what we did, but pretty close." She said, trying to concentrate on what she was saying.

"Like what then?" I asked raising my head so I could look down at her beautiful body.

"Some of scenes on the DVD's were of girls giving each other oral sex and playing with toys, and other scenes were of girls masturbating and talking dirty." She answered.

"Did you like watching them?" I asked now rubbing my hand down her belly.

"Yes," she hissed as she responded to my touch.

"I really liked watching the scenes with the girls playing with themselves for the camera. It reminded me of those nights when you and I would play with ourselves under that big tree. I loved the way it made me feel when you would watch me and I would watch you." She sighed as my hand passed over her mound, down over her sensitive clit, to her lovely lips.

"Really?" I asked letting my fingers explore her private area.

"Oh God yes," she groaned, "Every time I watched one of those scenes, I would wish that it was you I was watching. Watching you explore your pussy, touching your clit, spreading your pussy lips open, allowing me to look inside, and then watching your juices flow out as you came over and over again."

I was now doing the exact something to her. I spread her pussy lips open, placing a finger along her slit, allowing her juice to flow over my fingers. Then I found the opening to her vagina and began to push my finger into her; a little at first, feeling the tightness of her vaginal walls, then a little more as she began to accept my finger inside her.

"What else did you like to watch?" I asked her seductively, looking at her face as she felt my fingers and hand playing with her for the first time.

Looking into my eyes she responded, "I liked watching the girl on girl scenes."

"You did?" I asked.

"Yes" she moaned, "I liked the way they would kiss each other, touch each other and explore their bodies."

"Like I am doing to you now?" I asked as I lowered my head to her breast, kissing, sucking, and then nibbling her erect nipple. 

"Oh god, yes, Shelly," she responded as she began to move her hip slowly allowing the palm of my hand to brush against her swollen clit.

"Yes, I loved to fantasize that you and I were watching the scenes together and then we would act them out. Doing everything the girls in the scene had done; kissing, touching and tasting every inch of our bodies." she said as her body began to respond to my probing finger and my sucking mouth.

I moaned in response to her comment as I continued to devour her breast, twirling my tongue around her nipple and tenderly pulling on it with my teeth. 

Amanda had spread her legs open a little to allow me to have more access. I felt her thigh touching my pussy and I pressed myself hard against her. I didn't have move much because of the way she was moving her hips. She would brush her thigh against me in a way that would cause jolts of pleasure to pass through my body. 

"Yes, my sweet Shelly," barely able to speak, "I have wanted to be with you, to hold you, to kiss you and to taste you for a long time."

Her comment was so sweet, so tender and so loving that I had to have her; I needed to give the same pleasure that she had given me. 

I released her breast from my mouth and slowly kissed my way down her stomach. I could smell the aroma coming from her drenched pussy. The smell was now driving my desire for her even more. 

As I reached her mound, I stopped for a second and looked back at her face. Her eyes were closed and she was licking her lips in anticipation of what I was about to do. I only hoped that I could give her what she had given me a short time earlier. 

I moved my body in position so I could lay flat on the ground with my head between her legs. I didn't take my finger out her and continued to more in and out, slowly adding a second finger into her tight vagina. 

The smell of her pussy became more pungent as I lower my head to her, causing me to want to taste her even more. I didn't waste any time kissing her thighs or teasing her, I immediately ran my tongue from the opening of her pussy to her clit, causing her to groan with pleasure and allowing more of her sweet nectar to flow. Her pussy tasted wonderful, like strawberries dipped in whip cream and the more I licked the sweeter and wetter she became. I could now move both of my fingers in and out of her pussy easier; causing a slurping noise as I they moved in and out. 

I placed my free hand at the top of her mound and spread her lips so I could take her clit into my mouth. I gently sucked it and bit it causing her moans to become loader. She then grabbed my head and held it place as her climax approached quickly. 

As I continued to suck and gently bite her clit, I slowly fucked her pussy, curling my fingers upward slightly to rub the ruff area on the top of her vaginal wall. She began to buck as the sensation of what I was doing began to consume her body. 

She yelled, "Oh god, Oh GOD!!! Shelly I'm going to cum!!!" and with that statement she straightened out her legs, raised her ass off the ground, press her pussy tight against my face and then showered me with her essence, soaking me from my neck down to my chest. 

I continued to suck on her clit as her orgasm crashed through body and her pussy clamped around my finger, allowing them to move only slightly. Her pussy sprayed out clear fluid that I drank until I could not swallow fast enough to keep up with her flow. I could not believe that I was able to do this to her, she must have came for what seemed to be a couple of minutes, but it was only for a couple of seconds.

Finally she released her hold on my head and gently pushed me way, telling me that she was too sensitive for me to continue and I slowly removed my fingers from her pussy. I was going to lick them clean but suddenly Amanda grabbed my wrist and moved my fingers to her mouth and slowly licked and sucked her juice from them. 

I slowly moved up her body as she released my fingers from her mouth and started to kiss me passionately, and licked my face, my neck and breasts, removing all tracing of what she had deposited on me. 

After she was done, I fell into her arms and she whispered, "That was so much better than any fantasy."

We both laughed.