 Her hair rested easily on her shoulders, like a housecat lying sleepily in a window. It was an amber color, and shimmered under the brazen light and heat of the Texan mid-day sun as she tossed her horse's saddle into the back on her dusty, slightly aging pickup. It had been a long day, and her aching muscles needed the hot shower she had promised them earlier. With that thought she slammed the tail-gate, wiped the tanned skin of her forehead and climbed into the driver's seat. After the short drive from the stable where she boarded her thoroughbred to her 2 bedroom house she pulled up the gravel driveway, eying a brewing storm to the north. As she eased her truck backwards into its usual place under the old dead tree she gazed across the horizon at the incoming storm clouds. She knew they needed the rain, but it meant she either had to lug her saddle inside or cover her truck to avoid damaging the leather in the storm. So like a child being forced to eat their vegetables, she forced herself out of the cab, slammed the door, and grabbed the saddle from the bed. She was not in the least weak, and her finely toned muscles flexed and stretched as she pulled the saddle over the bed wall. The leather was smooth and it felt good against her callused hands. 

After stowing the saddle in the mudroom she kicked off her boots and stepped towards the bathroom, eager to get clean. As she shut the door behind her, off came her tank top and bra, and the cool air took her nipples by surprise, stiffening them. Her work was physical, and that kept her from being very busty, but she was proud of her 32C cup. Her toned abs, arms, and legs were definitely something to admire as well. As she unclasped her belt and pulled down her jeans, she couldn't help but look over towards herself in the mirror. She was about average height; build in an hourglass shape, and the only two noticeable marks on her tan skin were a small black tattoo on her shoulder bearing the letters "S.V.K." and a long scar shooting from her abs to her left-hip bone. 

The scar had faded considerably in the last few months, and was now only kept alive by a smooth white line. That scar was a reminder of her past, but by keeping herself busy the past seemed like all the usual clichés: "just a bad dream". A bad dream that never felt like leaving, and continued to hang around endlessly like a drunken regular at any of bars within a hundred mile radius of her west Texas home. As she stepped into her shower and pushed the shower pin she was greeted by a blast of icy water that made her gasp and turned her already stiff nipples into rocks. Her pain soon subsided however, as the water was quick to warm and began to feel good as it cascaded over her skin. The shocking stimulation however, had left her nipples hard and puffed up, and her shaven pussy wet. Her nipples had always been especially sensitive, and the finest brush from a fingertip would always set them on fire and a single touch of a lover's lips or tongue would set them ablaze. This sudden wetness and warmth in her pussy reminded her that it had been too long, and her pussy was in need of some major affection. It ached to be licked, and touched, and filled. It wasn't that she minded being alone, but it had gotten to the point where all the sex-toys in the world no longer cut it, and she needed something with flesh and blood. It had been just under a year now, and her body was finally winning the struggle to convince her that it was time to move on. 

Her brain however, was not so sure yet. It still remembered, and it still mulled over the past. That history wasn't quite as long of a tale as her brain made it out to be though. She had fallen in love with her college room-mate, Sorina Vilka Kyrsicyzk, an eastern European bombshell whose parents had sought out freedom and new opportunities like millions of other immigrants. She and Sorina had been together for 3 years, until fate grew tired of her happiness and cut it short with the screech of a car horn and the sound of breaking, twisting, grinding metal as a drunk driver drifted into their lane and careened into them at 60 miles an hour in a 35 zone, driving a sliver of steel into her side and killing Sorina instantly. She had been able to escape with mild internal injuries, which other than leaving her infertile did little to hold her back at this point, eleven months later. One never fully gets over the death of a lover though, especially when that death takes place right next to you.Her body still pleaded though, and finally she gave into her pussy's aching and slipped a soapy finger gingerly between her labia. She teased her clit and threw her head back in a loud moan as she began to bring herself closer and closer to climax. Just as she was about to fall over the edge of her orgasm, her cell phone began to wail and scream. Her body begged and pleaded with her, but seeing as how it was probably work saying she no longer had tomorrow off, her brain won out and she turned off the water and began to dry herself, grumbling all the way. She opened the phone on the last ring and her frustration must have been audible as she barked some semblance of a hello into her cell's microphone. 

"Vicki! Hi! It's Allison from work!"

Allison, who was probably the perkiest or most heavily caffeinated person between Los Angles and Houston, was a short, bouncy blonde with shoulder length hair always kept in a ponytail, and equally perky DD cup breasts which she naturally thrust out in front of her. She tended to trail on forever about absolutely nothing, and there had been more than one instance in which Vicki had fantasized about tying her up and putting a ball gag in her mouth to end the din that seemed to always been coming from her lips.

"Can I help you Allison, I'm kind of..busy." She said sarcastically as her dripping pussy still tingled and ached.

"I was thinking about going the Red Room, and I was just thinking that we haven't ever hung out outside of work and how much fun it would be to..." Allison blabbed on continuously as Vicki began to daydream about the last time she had been the Red Room. She had been with Sorina, and they had ended up picking up a tight-assed virgin sorority girl who "Hadn't ever even thought about girls before" yet ate pussy and rimmed ass like a she-devil.

"Vicki? Vicki?! Are you still there?"

"What? Oh. Yeah."

"So I'll meet you in a half hour there, alright? We're gonna have so much fun!"

"Yeah. Sure. I'll see you then"

"Okay! Toodles!" Allison chirped as she hung up the phone. 

"Toodles? Did she really say that?" Vicki laughed to herself. 

She threw on some skinny jeans and a tight top that showed off the bottom of her six-pack and drove off to meet the perky blonde receptionist. In the car she wondered if anyone would ask about her scar, which peeked out from under her top, but it didn't worry her too much. They few times anyone had asked, Vicki had deflected it with some half-assed lie about falling off her bike when she was a kid, or that time she had to get her appendix out, or that time the Panther got her in Florida, and soon she was in the parking lot of the Red Room. 

After showing the bouncer her I.D. and wading through the cowboy and cowgirl types she made it to the bar, where the bar-tended jumped when she saw her.

"Vicki! You're alive! I thought for sure you'd died or moved away." Said Angel, the very cute but unfortunately all-too-straight bartender. 

"How have you been Angel? It's been a while. Jack on the rocks please."

"Already on it. I was so sorry to hear about Sorina, such a fuckin shame. I tried to make it to the funeral, but I had to work. The asshole who hit yall got off too easy, and if he ever comes in here I'll shoot him on sight."

"Thanks hun, I know you would have been there if you could. I'm trying to start to move on. My girls have been, well, yearning...if you know what I mean" she laughed. 

"Oh I know all too well Shug. Have you met anyone new?" Angel asked, gingerly. 

"No, to be honest I probably wouldn't have come in if it weren't for this really perky girl from work who badgered me into finally getting out of the house"

"Oh, you mean the bouncy blonde at the end of the bar getting hit on Jason." Angel gestured to the end of the bar where Allison was being practically slobbered on by Jason, the local slime-ball. 

"Yeah. I better go on a rescue mission" Vicki said as she finished her drink and stood up.

"Okay, but please don't break any of his bones like last time"

Vicki walked towards Allison who was obviously creeped out by her suitor, one "Jason Alexander Thomas" who had tried to get in the pants of anything with a vagina in a hundred mile radius of wherever he stood. Vicki had had a bit of a brush with the local law when she broke his nose after he had made an open pass at Sorina, and was not excited to see him.Before she could say anything though, Allison saw her and immediately jumped up. Jason turned around slowly and very obviously watched Allison's breasts jiggle as she practically ran to Vicki.

"Oh, if it ain't the bitchiest bitch" Jason cooed the moment he saw Vicki.

"You are many things Jason, but good at insults is just not one of them." Vicki shot back. 

"Whatever, bitch, but why you gotta take this fine little thing away" Jason sneered as he tried to slap Allison's ass. Before his hand even hit it though, Vicki had his arm behind his back and his face on the bar. 

"Out. Now." Vicki commanded, pulling him from his stool and shoving him towards the door.

"You'll pay for this bitch!" Jason yelled, as he stumbled towards the exit, like a puppy with his tail between his legs. 

"Thanks so much! Aren't you worried he'll retaliate though?" Allison asked, with genuine worry in her voice.

"Not really, he said the same thing when I broke his nose after he tried to hit on my uh, friend."

"Wow! You're much cooler than you seem at work! I never would have guessed you could fight!" Allison said, eagerly taking a large sip from her Tom Collins. 

With that Allison began to tell her whole life story to Vicki, and after her fourth drink Angel had to cut her off. Her small frame couldn't quite take that much, and by this point she wasn't making much sense. Vicki paid her tab and assured Angel she'd get her home safe, and guided Allison out the door towards her truck.

"Why aren't we takin' my car? I'm good to drive I swear" Allison slurred.

"I'm not so sure about that hun, why don't you just ride home with me and we'll come get your car tomorrow" Vicki said as she lifted Allison into the front seat of the cab and buckled her in.

"So it'll be like a...a....oh. Like a slumber party?! I love slumber parties"

"Sure, Allison, why not? Think of it like a slumber party"

"Okay! I love slumber parties... ...." And with that Allison nodded off.

Vicki drove the 4 or so miles back to her house and pulled down the driveway, going slow over the ruts and bumps to avoid waking Allison. It had begun to rain, and she pulled the truck in front of the house to try and keep her snoozing companion out of the water as much as possible. Allison began to stir as Vicki picked her up and carried her under the porch. She set her down on the bench swing while she unlocked the house and opened the door and Allison began to mumble something to the effect of "are we home yet baby?" when Vicki picked her up and walked into the house, pushing the door closed behind her.Vicki laid her down on the couch and went to get her some water. She smiled to herself as she poured to glasses of water and began to walk back towards the den. It wasn't often she had visitors, especially visitors as drunk and/or busty as Allison. Before she could get back though, Allison walked straight into her, spilling the water all over herself. 

"OH shit! I'm sorrrry....Ah well" Said the now soaked Allison, and to Vicki's surprised she began to strip off her soaked top. Vicki gazed on with interest as the shapely blonde then took off her bra, and let her DD breasts fall free right before Vicki's hungry eyes. Vicki knew she was drunk and wouldn't take advantage of the girl, despite her pussies burning urges; she did eagerly devour the feast or the eyes that stood before her though. 

"Are you staring? Come onnnn. Are you staring at my tits Vicki? Do you like themm?" Allison whispered, her large, dark nipples getting harder by the second. 

"You're drunk Allison, come on, let's get you to bed." Vicki said, but before she could move Allison came up and kissed her, her tongue darting into Vicki's surprised mouth. Vicki broke the kiss, as much as she didn't want to. 

"Come on hun, you're drunk."

"So? You're hottt" Allison said, kissing her again and sliding her hand up the inside of Vicki's thigh, running her hand across Vicki's crotch and then working her hand down Vicki's jeans, under her panties, to her now dripping pussy. Allison toyed with her clit, making her moan and gasp out of shock, just as she slid two of her fingers into the waiting girl's tight pussy. Allison then began to kiss down her neck and pull her top over her head, kissing down her collarbone slowly before detaching the clasp in Vicki's bra with one hand and taking one of her rock hard nipples into her mouth. Vicki let out a long moan as her unexpected visitor began to softly play with her hard nipple by running her tongue in small circles around her areola, sending shivers up Vicki's spine. Everything in Vicki's body screamed yes, but her brain and her willpower said no, because this girl was drunk, and it just wasn't right. Before she could finish the thought though, the blonde was half-way down her abs, pulling Vicki's pants down with every intention of eating her out. 

Vicki's will prevailed however, and she softly took Allison's cheek in her hand, and gave her one long, slow kiss before guiding her to bedroom. By the time she had laid the half-naked blonde down, the poor girl was almost asleep. Vicki tried to convince herself that the lust that was nearly burning a hole through her panties was just because of the girl's ample, warm breasts, rather than her blatant kiss and even more open sexual advances. She wasn't so sure though, and she wondered what Sorina would say if she was seeing this all right now. Maybe she would be happy for her that she was finally moving on, or maybe she would feel angry. Either way Vicki needed sleep. She laid down on the couch, and within a few minutes she was asleep. 

When morning came, she lazily walked into the kitchen after putting her shirt on to meet a doe eyed Allison sitting at her table, with one of Vicki's flannel night shirts covering her previously very exposed chest. 

"Um. Hi. Er. Good morning. Vicki." Allison stammered, looking down at her feet. 

"Good morning hun, feeling any better?"

"Yeah. Uh. Um. Did i—"

"Come on to me last night? Maybe a little hun, but don't worry about it" Vicki said as she poured a cup of coffee and sat down next to the shaking girl. That's when she spotted a tear roll down Allison's cheek. "Oh dear, here come the fireworks" she thought to herself.

"I just. I...didn't...mean....I'm sorry I...." Allison said as she began to cry. 

"Hun don't worry about it. It's really okay. You were drunk and you didn't mean to."

"B-but I think I did..."Allison sobbed. 

She told Vicki all about her recent struggle with her own sexuality. About her recent break up with a long term boyfriend and about how she had caught herself watching other girls shower at the local gym. She told Vicki about how she had wanted to hang out with her because she had heard a rumor about Vicki being a lesbian and about how pretty she thought Vicki was. She then sobbed some more as Vicki got up and pulled the shaking girl into her arms.

"Hun, it's really alright. It really is. I'm not a lesbian though, I'm bisexual." She laughed at the girl's innocent expression which seemed to say "what?" 

"I like both women and men. More women than men though. It's okay." 

That's when it hit her. That was the moment that Vicki realized that maybe this would be okay, and that Sorina would probably be happy that she was finally moving on. She looked up at blonde, dried her tears, and softly kissed her. That kiss quickly multiplied as the Allison's eager tongue began to explore Vicki's mouth. Vicki unbuttoned the nightshirt covering the young blonde's breasts, and this time she was in control. She kissed across Allison's cheek to her ear, breathing across it and softly biting the lobe. That drove Allison wild, and she once again pulled the top over Vicki's head. Vicki pressed their naked breasts together, and Allison moaned and threw her head back as Vicki began to suck, lick, and bite the sweet spots on her new lover's neck. Allison unbuttoned her own jeans, pushing them down and stepping out of them while Vicki did the same. Vicki then pulled her into the bathroom, stripping the soaked panties off the girl whom she was about to shower with, and Allison pulled off her dominant teacher's. 

As they stepped into the shower and allowed the water to get warm, Vicki got down on her knees and spread her now shaking lover's legs. 

"Go easy, I'm nervous" Allison whispered, blushing hard. 

"Hmm. We'll see" Vicki said, just before diving her tongue towards the blonde's clit. Allison screamed and grabbed the back of Vicki's head as she felt a woman's warm, skilled tongue running across her clit and eager snatch for the first time. She was very wet, and tasted sweet, as Vicki began to suck her clit and slid two fingers deep inside her, aimed straight for her G-spot. "Oh god! More!" Allison screamed, pulling Vicki's hair and pushing her closer as the water washed over them.

**To be continued! (If yall like it)**