 Being next to Heather in the first light of sunrise was a dream-come-true. Her body was soft and warm. Her red hair shimmered beautifully. Hundreds of freckles dotted her back and shoulders; some day I would spend the time to kiss each one. Wind whistled from outside the window, but neither of us cared about what was happening anywhere but in her bedroom.

She came out of her deep sleep slowly, goaded on by my kisses on the side of her neck and on her shoulders. She was a delight to wake up next to. She held my arm tightly to her chest, as if she never wanted to let me go. Almost completely out of her sleep, she gently kissed the palm of my hand.

Brushing her hair to the side, I uncovered her right ear and blew a soft breath of warm air into it. Her whole body shuddered. When I flicked the tip of my tongue inside her ear, she moaned softly. “Oh, Beth, that feels so good.”

“Did you sleep well, angel?”

“Like a baby,” she cooed. 

“I think we were both exhausted. I’ll never forget last night.”

“And I won’t either. But we never did get to have the talk we were going to have.”

“Maybe it’s best. When it’s time to talk, we will. For now I am just trying to sort out in my mind why I don’t feel guilty about what we did.”

Heather turned around until we were facing each other, our naked bodies still entwined in a warm embrace. In the soft light of morning her face was even more beautiful than I remembered. “If you don’t think it’s right, Beth…”

“Hey! If I didn’t think it was right, I wouldn’t be here now. I wouldn’t be here now still wanting to fuck your brains out over and over again. There isn’t one bone inside me that thinks what happened last night was wrong. It was beautiful, Heather.”

She smiled. How I loved her smile! And her face, so flawless even with the sweet freckles of youth. She was the kind of girl who looked perfect without make-up. Maybe a touch of mascara or a dash of lipstick, but otherwise her complexion needed nothing but soft sunlight to bring out the delicate beauty of her skin. I could look at her forever and still be in awe of her sweet appearance.

“I was afraid I would disappointment you, Beth,” she whispered. “I’ve never been with a woman.”

“Could have fooled me, sweetheart. You sure had me turned on.” 

I pressed my palm against the side of her cheek. I loved touching her. She pressed her body deeper into mine, crushing our breasts together. I held her tightly and gently scratched her back with my fingernails. 

“I want you so much,” I whispered.

She giggled. “And I want you. More than life itself. But I need to pee and brush away my morning breath away before you ravage my body again.”

“Go for it!” I laughed.

“We are going to have to share my toothbrush if you want to brush your teeth too,” she said.

“Sharing a tooth brush doesn’t usually occur until well into a relationship. I am honored indeed!”

We took turns with our morning ministrations. I came out the bathroom feeling totally refreshed as horny as a proverbial hoot owl. Heather had pulled the covers over her body; just her head peeked out from beneath the blanket. I stood next to the bed and looked down at her, naked as the day I was born.

Heather looked at me as her pretty blue eyes roamed the length of my body. “You are so very beautiful, Beth.”

I felt my face blush. How could she know I loved receiving compliments, even if I knew in my heart of hearts I would never make it as a covergirl, except in the eyes of a lover. “Thank you. But you, my dear, are the one who has all the sexy good looks. You are the prettiest girl I have ever known.”

The face above the blankets blushed. “Your boobs are much better than mine," she said softly, looking right at them. "And you have a classic take-home-to-mom look. Except when you are here, with me. Then it’s kinda take-to-bed.”

We both laughed. I jumped on the bed and straddled her, over the top of the blankets. I felt like I had known Heather forever. She was so easy to be with. There was no phoniness, no pretending. With Heather you got exactly what you saw—pure beauty and sincerity. 

“It might be ravaging time, young lady,” I said with a wry smile.

“I’m so shy,” she protested. “And I’m almost a virgin.”

I laughed out loud. “Almost a virgin is like almost being pregnant, silly. Either you are or you aren’t. Which are you?”

“Well, I’m not pregnant, so I must be a virgin,” she replied with eyes batting seductively followed by a bright smile.

“Seriously, Heather, are you really a virgin?”

She blushed an even deeper red. “Well, not everywhere. I’ve been with men, if that’s what you mean. But I have never let a man take me…” She paused, thinking of the right words to say. “You know, take me back there.”

A light bulb suddenly went off in my head. The pretty little stinker was offering me her anal virginity. Who was I to turn her down? I bit my lower lip, thinking of what might be best to say at this very moment. The offer, sexy as it sounded, was nonetheless sweet and sincere. 

“Turn over, sweetie, and I will take you places you have never been.”

Heather turned over, still under the covers, her arms folded on top of her pillow, her forehead resting on her arm. I slowly pulled the blanket down, over her naked back. Leaning forward, I kissed her shoulder blades, then licked and kissed the delicate skin I had just revealed. She moaned softly. I moved my body down until I was straddling her knees, then lowered the blanket further down until her unbelievably beautiful ass came into view. Sunlight rippled across the alabaster skin of the perfectly rounded globes. Nature had given Heather an absolutely divine derriere. Try as I might, I could never put into words how beautiful her ass looked that morning. What was even more astounding, however, is that this pretty girl had just offered it up to me; it was mine for the taking. 

I leaned over once more and planted a thousand tiny kisses all over the proffered buns. With each kiss, Heather squirmed. She kept repeating how beautiful it felt to have her ass adorned with such tender kisses. Her moans goaded me on. I stopped the kissing from time to time in order to massage the firm yet wonderfully pliable flesh. The exquisite feel of her derriere on my palms was turning me on so much I could feel my juices starting to flow from deep within me. 

Just as I had done the night before, I pried the cheeks open from time to time, stealing quick peeks at Heather’s beautiful, tiny pink rosebud. A rosebud I would soon deflower. 

“You are sure you want this?” I cooed softly.

She turned her head slightly. “More sure than anything in my entire life, Beth. Don’t tease me, do it!”

Heather accentuated her pleas by raising her ass invitingly higher. She was handing it to me on a silver platter. Suddenly I opened her completely, spreading it wide. She sucked in her breath out of surprise more than anything as I took the opportunity to survey the target area. This was too good to be true; I had to be dreaming. 

“Reach back and hold it open for me, Heather,” I said in a firm voice. She moved her hands to own sweet ass and spread the cheeks. To lubricate the diminutive opening I had a choice of my saliva or her love juices. Her slit was totally moist already with a flow of sweet nectar. My index finger slid easily into her. Her cunt was steamy hot. She moaned softly as I coated my finger with a copious amount of the fluid. When I withdrew it, it glistened in the morning light. Using just the tip of my finger, I moistened the rosebud with her own spendings, circling it, teasing it. Not satisfied that I had lubricated the entry sufficiently, I dipped my finger back into the warm honeypot and extracted more of Heather’s love juices. 

This time I took my index finger out and touched her anus once more. She squirmed in delight as I began to press inward on the elastic tissue. To my surprise, I broke the sphincteral plane with ease. She cried out in pleasure as I gently pressed my finger all the way into her. The rectal walls were smooth as silk and totally pliant. I had just taken Heather’s virginity back there and, judging by her constant squeals and moans, she was enjoying every delightful moment.

I began to work my finger slowly, in a piston-like movement, withdrawing it almost completely, and then gently easing it back in. “OH! Fuck me, Beth! Yesssssssssssss! Yessssssssssssss!”

As I pressed my finger inward, Heather moved her hips back toward the invader, trying to work it deeper into her. Fully ensconced, I wiggled the finger inside her, and she responded with loud squeals of pure delight. I lost track of time as I continued the anal invasion without let-up, varying only the speed of the entry and withdrawal or the movements inside the warm cavern. 

Her words were now unintelligible. Moans were mixed with “Ngggggggggg Nggggggggg” sounds, punctuated from time to time with loud “Oh’s” and “Ah’s.” Heather, still holding her ass cheeks apart, began to rotate her hips in a rhythmic motion in order to vary the feeling of my finger inside her.

“Are you ready for a nice surprise?” I asked.

“Oh, anything. You can do anything you want!”

I slowly withdrew my finger completely, moved my body to a kneeling position behind her, leaned over, and brought my face close to Heather’s perfect ass. I blew warm air directly over her anus and she let out a long “OHHHHHHHHHHH!” Boldly, I leaned closer and kissed the opening I had just deflowered. Heather sucked in her breath again as I used the tip of my tongue to tease the rosebud. Not satisfied with just teasing it, I pressed the flat of my tongue over it and began a slow licking movement that drove her up a wall. Alternating between long, slow licks and teasing butterfly motions with the tip of my tongue, I brought Heather easily to the brink. Her breathing was so labored I thought she was going to have a heart attack. 

Keeping my tongue pressed against Heather’s anus, I eased a thumb into her totally soaked vagina. It was all that was needed to bring her over the edge. She would later tell me it was the orgasm of a lifetime. “The Mother of all O’s” were her exact words. As she came down from her high of highs, she plopped onto the bed, totally exhausted. Completely satiated.

“Oh, Beth, that was wonderful. More than I ever imagined.”

“I could play with your sweet little ass non-stop for the next hundred years and still want more.”

“And I would give you more, sweet Beth. I feel so close to you. I can’t believe it. I may have to kidnap you and tie you to the bed to prevent you from ever leaving.”

“Oh, so we are into bondage play already, huh?”

Heather laughed. “Something else I always wanted to try.”

Mmmm. Something else we definitely would try I thought to myself.

I moved next to her and pulled the blankets over us once more, my arm draped over her back, by head nestled in the crook of her neck, kissing her softly. “I’ll do anything you want me to do, Heather. Anything at all.”

“No holes barred?” she giggled.

“You are something else, girl. If I had only met you three years ago…”

“Beth, I promise I will never come between you and Linda. I know my place. I am just a ship passing in the night, and I’ll enjoy it for as long as I can.”

“Sweetie, I already know this isn’t a one night stand. I don’t know how I will deal with Linda, but that is my problem, not yours. Let’s just enjoy our time together and let the chips fall where they may.”

“Then you will stay long enough for bacon and eggs?”

I laughed so hard tears came to my eyes. “Maybe longer, babe. But I have a confession to make.”

“Uh-oh. Unabashed sex also after breakfast?”

“Not quite, you little stinker. I always enjoy giving someone a nice little spanking right afterward.”

“Sounds like a personal problem, especially if you are at a restaurant,” she giggled.

“Good point. Waiters seldom seem to understand.”

“And I have a confession to make also.”

“Yes?”

“I give the greatest head in the world after getting spanked.”

I laughed out loud. “How many times have you been spanked?”

“Never.”

“Then how do you know you give the greatest head in the world after getting spanked?”

“Just watch me…” Her voice drifted off into space. Finally, she said, “Let’s go eat. I can’t wait for the aftermath. There’s a couple robes in the closet, lover.”

“I always eat breakfast in the buff, dear Heather.”

“Well isn’t that funny—I always cook in the nude.”

We both laughed, letting out a lot of nervous energy. The day was still young, our relationship was hardly off the ground, but I knew this would be a day I would never forget.