 Suddenly I began searching my mind for the guilt I expected to feel. It just wasn't there. Maybe it would be there in the light of day. Maybe, because Linda had told me I could "mess" without commitment, it would never be there. I started telling myself this was a one or two nighter, that I would get my fill and leave before things got out of hand. A game of catch and release, and nothing else.

I looked at Heather's body as she lay next to me. Her top was bunched under her arms. The front cups of her bra were pulled all the way down. Her skirt was more than half-way up her thighs. Her legs were opened, invitingly. 

"Would you like to undress me?" I asked.

She smiled broadly. "I'd love to!"

I lay back on the bed as Heather bent over me and began unbuttoning my blouse. Slowly. Savoring each sweet moment. Her beautiful red hair flowed down over my head; I ran my fingers through the soft strands as she pulled the material from my jeans and drew it to each side, revealing my light-blue bra. 

"Mmm. Very nice," she whispered.

"It unclasps in front," I said.

"How convenient!" she laughed.

She unclasped the bra and pulled the cups to the side. She seemed to be in awe of my only average-sized breasts. "They're bigger than mine," she said.

I laughed to myself. I don't often hear that from another woman. "My nipples are really sensitive," I offered.

"Let's see." She lowered her head and kissed each nipple, softly, in turn. My whole body shivered at the touch. "Mmm. They are sensitive! We'll get back to them in a few minutes."

She raised her body up and began unbuckling my leather belt, then undid the button of my jeans. Deftly, she drew the zipper down and the jeans separated into a wide "V". I lifted my hips and she drew the jeans downward, over my waist, down my legs, and off of my feet. 

My French-cut panties matched the color of my bra. There was a thin band of blue mesh at the panty tops. "Sexy undies," cooed Heather.

"Thank you," I said with an embarrassed smile.

"Almost too nice to take off."

"You can leave them on if you want."

"Then I might miss what's inside them," she said softly as she curled her fingers into the elastic top eased them down. When she finished, I was completely naked from the waist down. "You don't shave like I do," she continued, staring down at the triangular forest of light-brown curls that adorned my lower abdomen. 

There was something strangely erotic about her looking down at my pussy. "I tried to shave, once or twice, but I could never get used to the itchy feeling."

"I'll let mine grow out, if you want me to," she said.

My mine raced for a second. "Growing out" her pubic hair had the connotation of long term. I decided to let the thought pass, except to ask, "What color is it?"

"Same as my hair. I'm a natural redhead."

"I bet it would be pretty."

"We'll see," she said.

I leaned forward and Heather slid my blouse and bra down my arms. As I laid back, I was totally naked beneath her. I watched as her eyes soaked in my entire body, from head to foot. Her soft smile, following the brief inspection, spoke a thousand words. Obviously she liked what she saw. And I loved being naked for her.

Throwing her hair back, Heather quickly shed her pullover and un-snapped her bra from the back. She, too, was naked now, save for her denim skirt. There was a part of me that wanted to leave the skirt on because she looked so good in it and because I still had access to all of her goodies. She moved to undo the side zipper of her skirt.

"Wait," I interrupted. "Leave it on for a second."

Heather looked at me with a questioning look in her eyes.

"For just a second," I continued. "Lie down on your tummy, sweetie."

Heather moved onto her tummy and I moved down her body until I was kneeling between her slightly spread legs. Her legs were opened far enough to give me a wonderfully enticing view all the way up her skirt to the puffy slit that I had already tasted. I gently massaged her calves, kneading the flesh beneath my fingertips before slowing working my way to the backs of her knees. Her skirt was almost half-way up her thighs, bunched slightly around her perfect ass. The ass that I was about to see completely naked for the first time. The ass that I had lusted after from the moment I saw it at the party. The ass that I would take my time with and enjoy to its fullest in just a few moments.

My hands wandered to Heather's thighs, just beneath the skirt. I continued the upward massage, feeling the warm flesh, until my lower arm began to push the blue denim higher, ever so slowly, until my fingers made contact with the area where buttocks meet thighs. Where, in Heather's case, the perfectly round derriere began to take shape. She moaned softly when my fingers pressed into each sweet globe. I kept thinking I was in some kind of dream, that no one could be so fortunate as I to have one of the finest asses I had ever seen right then and there for the taking.

I gently moved the skirt all the way up to Heather's waist, then leaned back and took in the view of what I had just exposed. "Exquisite" was one word I thought of, but even that didn't capture the beauty of this young girl's ass. Maybe "perfect" was a better word, because nothing is better than perfect and nothing could have been more perfect than what I was feasting my eyes on.

"You have a beautiful ass, Heather," I finally blurted. "Absolutely gorgeous."

I watched her smile at my compliment. "It's yours for the taking, Beth."

"Keep your chest down on the bed, but raise up on your knees," I said, my voice so thick I could hardly talk.

"You want a better view, huh?" she said, as I watched the beautiful buns lift up right before my eyes.

Her question went unanswered. The answer was in the question. I couldn't have asked for a better view. I ran my hands all over the proffered buttocks, enjoying to my heart's delight the wonderful feel of firm fleshiness. Heather rotated her hips slightly to my touch. I could tell she was enjoying the attention I was paying to the best part of her body. 

Boldly, I used my thumbs to pry open her cheeks, just long enough to expose the tiny, pink, crinkly rosebud. I was testing the waters again. She had to have known what I just did, but raised no objection. I kneaded the flesh some more before spreading her open again. This time I left her exposed for several seconds. She knew what I was looking at. 

I decided to go for all the marbles. Leaving her precious rosebud exposed to the night air, I asked, "Are you sensitive back here, too?"

"Oh, my. Do I have to tell you? 

"No secrets between lovers," I husked. 

"It's my most sensitive spot, back there. Even more sensitive than my clit. But I have never let anyone touch me there. I do it myself, with my fingers, and I really enjoy it."

I laughed. "I would have found out eventually you know. It's better that you gave it up the easy way."

I let the elastic buns fall back into place. "And this?" I asked, reaching back and slapping her right cheek with the palm of my hand, hard enough to evoke a tiny scream of pain from Heather's lips.

"Oh! Wow! I think I could go for more of that!" she exclaimed.

"You've never been spanked?"

"Not until about ten seconds ago."

"And you didn't mind?"

"Do the other side and I'll tell you," she said.

I used my left hand to spank the left globe, this time even harder. Both sides were a pretty shade of red already where my palms had landed. She screamed again. "Oh, it hurts. But it hurts so good!"

I couldn't believe my luck. This couldn't be for real. The owner of the world's most spankable ass knew exactly what it had been made for. My mind raced with the possibilities of what I could do with the wonderful treasure I had just uncovered. I had just won the world's biggest lottery and I could spend my fortune freely, for as long as I wanted, for as much as I wanted.

I stared down at the upturned ass. "I want you so bad, Heather."

"And I want you, Beth. I've waited all my life for this moment."

Her slit was dripping wet. She was as ready as she would ever be. "There will be plenty of time for enjoying your delectable ass, sweetie. I want what's between your legs first. Turn over."

Heather turned onto her back, her legs splayed wide. Her pussy lips gaped open wide enough to reveal the moist, pink flesh inside her slit. I used my thumbs again, this time to open up the gates of heaven. I stared long and deep into Heather's love nest, reveling in its delightful wetness. 

"I like it when you look at me there," she husked as her eyes followed the paths my eyes were taking.

"And I like looking at you there, too," I said, spreading her puffy lips even farther, feasting on the pink flesh I was about to devour.

I leaned down and began my journey. Heather's womanly smells were intoxicating. Reflexively, she opened her legs even more. I could almost feel her desire. I kissed the inside of her left thigh for several seconds and then, bypassing my ultimate target, kissed the inside of her right thigh. I wasn't teasing her in the slightest; I was building her up. This was the first time a woman had ever tasted of her delicious nectar, and I wanted to give her something she would remember forever.

When I moved my lips closer to Heather's pussy, she raised her hips upward in a movement that was nothing more than totally inviting. I kissed the inside of her right groin, just millimeters from her puffy lip. She moaned softly. Again I sailed by the buried treasure to the left groin. I lingered there for a long time, sometimes kissing, sometimes sucking gently. 

"I can't take it any more, Beth! Do me!"

I had her totally in my snare. "Tell me what you want me to do, Heather."

"Kiss my pussy. Please…"

The begging and pleading in her voice told me she was ready. More than ready. With my thumbs holding her lips even further apart, I drew the flat of my tongue along the length pussy, from her vagina to her clit, taking my sweet time, moving my tongue back and forth along the way. She literally squealed in delight and grasped the bed sheet so tightly I thought she was going to tear it. When my tongue began its second similar journey, this time even more slowly and deliberately, Heather began panting. When I stopped long enough to cup my mouth completely over her vulva and lash out at her clit with the tip of my tongue, she screamed out loud, took in a deep breath of air, then let it out slowly as she savored the delightful feelings between her legs. 

"Beth, Beth, Beth…" she said over and over again as I did to her exactly what I knew I enjoyed having done to me. I suckled on her clit like a baby, drawing it into my mouth, laving it with my tongue, then nibbling on it to my heart's content. She pressed her sex into my face and I buried my nose in her wet vagina. When I wiggled my head back and forth, she squealed again. 

My face was completely wet with her juices, and I loved every wonderful second of it. And so did Heather. She had probably been eaten by men, but not in the way that only a woman knows of. For the next ten minutes I partook of this delectable feast without pause. I toyed with her outer vagina with the tip of my tongue, then plunged deeply into the wetness and drank greedily from her copious fountain of never-ending juices. 

I sensed Heather was about to come and knew it was too soon. I wanted her to explode the first time, so I drew back and said, "No, don't come yet, baby."

"I'm so close," she pleaded.

"I'll get you there again. Lots of times. I want the first orgasm with a woman to be the best of your life. Do me first."

Heather looked up at me with her pretty blue eyes. Beads of sweat formed on her forehead. She looked wanton, lustful. "You want me to kiss you there?" she asked, wide-eyed.

"I would love that," I whispered, sensing a little hesitation in her voice. "I'll help you through it."

I leaned over on my back and let my legs fall apart naturally, offering my new-found friend a nice view of my crotch. I ached for her tongue. I needed her tongue more than anything in the world. She laid down between my legs, on her tummy, her face inches from my pussy. She was so close I could feel her warm breath inside my cunt. She moved closer, her lips pressing into the soft curls. The first kiss there was hesitant, almost fearful.

I moved my hand behind her head and pulled her closer. "Just like I did you," I whispered.

Suddenly she closed her eyes and insinuated her tongue into the depths of my sex. Without holding back, she started to devour me. Totally. Completely. Now devoid of any inhibitions, Heather went after me like a tigress after its prey. She did all that I did to her and more. She bit into my clit almost too hard, but, sensing my pain rather than pleasure, backed off and suckled me softly. She drove her tongue so far into me I thought she would tickle my throat. She shook her head wildly, from side to side, leaving me breathless. I kept wondering if she had done this kind of thing before, many times before. 

Like Heather, I almost reached the mountain top. I was so close I could almost taste it. I pushed her head back and said, "Okay, babe. I want you to be the first to come."

She sat up on her haunches. Her face was wet with my juices and filled with lust. Her hair flowed down, hiding her lovely breasts between the soft red strands. Her smile was as soft as dew on morning flowers. "Did I do okay?"

I smiled back. "Better than okay. Better than great. Better than wonderful!"

"I was a little nervous until I tasted you. Then I could have done that all night long."

"And I might have let you, but I want you to try some other things. This is a time of learning, of experimenting."

Heather lowered herself on top me, her torso over mine, my legs spread wide to accept the lower half of her body between them. I encircled her body with my legs and drew her tightly into me. Her hair fell once more to either side of my face and she lowered her lips to mine. We kissed, open-mouthed. Long, deep, tongue-filled kisses driven by desire and passion. I had the distinct feeling Heather would be an insatiable lover. Both ways. She would give freely and take freely, yet she would not be demanding. 

When we finally broke the kiss, Heather asked me to shower with her. We did. A long, hot shower where we cuddled and kissed and hugged and touched for as long as we wanted. There was no world outside of what was ours, in the here and now. After the shower, we dried each other off with the softness of cotton towels. Both of wrapped in the towels, we used a blow dryer to dry each other's hair. I brushed the length of Heather's hair for at least twenty minutes, undoing a few tangles in the process and admiring how beautiful she looked.

Completing the task at hand, we moved back to the bed, this time under the covers, and snuggled. Sex is great, but snuggling can be even better. Heather was a great snuggler. Our bodies melded together perfectly. Her sharp nipples dug into my breasts. She soothed my forehead with her fingertips, brushing my brow so softly I felt like I could almost have fallen asleep. 

I kissed her ear, evoking a tiny sigh. "Sensitive there too, huh?"

"Sensitive everywhere. I love the way you touch me, Beth."

"And you me. I feel so comfortable with you and I've only known you a few hours. I think I could get used to you."

What did I just say? That sounded a bit like long-term and that was to have been a no-no per my agreement with Linda. But I had said it and couldn't take it back. And a not so small part of me wanted to be with Heather for a long, long time.

"Have you ever heard the word 'trib'?" I whispered.

"No, what is it?"

"It's when two girls rub their pussies together."

There was a pregnant pause before Heather responded. Her mind was racing again. "I think I like that idea," she finally said.

"It's something I have always liked doing. It really gives you a sense of closeness. And it feels fucking great, too," I laughed.

"Show me," said Heather.

"Now?"

"No, a year from now. Silly girl. There is no time like the present. You can't entice me with something like that and then not do it."

"You are a wanton devil," I said with a broad smile.

She shoved the covers down our naked bodies and opened her legs wide. "NOW!" 

I lifted my body up and moved my right leg between Heather's splayed legs, draping my left leg around her hip. For a brief second, I pressed my pubic hair gently against her clit, then backed off. The fit was perfect, but I wanted to tease her a little. She would have none of it. She raised her hips and pressed the length of sex against mine. Her grinding, clit to clit, was perfectly natural. 

"Wow, that feels really fucking good!" she exclaimed in a voice so thick with desire you could cut it with a knife.

I pressed into her as well and began to grind my pussy against hers in a rhythmic motion that she easily mirrored. Soon our flowing juices were making that tell-tale squishy sound I love so much. 

"If we keep doing this we can try to come together," I said.

I looked down. Heather was pinching her left nipple between her thumb and forefinger so hard her face was contorted in pain. Her head was cocked back, her mouth agape. The grind continued, unabated, for several minutes, the night air punctuated by our moans and sighs.

"I'm almost there!" she cried out.

"Me too, babe!"

It's sometimes hard to climax together. But with Heather it was easy. Natural. And so fucking wonderful! Our pussies literally exploded against each other. Bolts of electric shot through our loins, up our spines, and ended in the deepest recesses of our brains. I think I came three times, two huge ones and a little one. Heather's was one long climax that must have lasted a full 30 seconds. Who knows. Time didn't matter. The world outside didn't matter. What did matter was Heather's cunt and my cunt, still plastered together, slowly coming down from an incredible orgasm that shook the very roots of our beings.

When I finally settled in next to her, I felt filled to the brim but totally exhausted. My mind was swirling. I had not felt like I had just felt in years. Maybe never. Little tingles lasted inside my pussy for minutes afterward. Sweet tingles. Tingles of joy. 

"What's for breakfast?" I whispered as we cuddled once again. Her body felt so warm next to mine.

"Bacon and eggs, I guess," she replied.

"Sounds great. But you need to know something about me. It's very bad."

"Like what?" she asked.

"I never get out of bed in the morning when I am with someone unless I have totally unabashed sex."

Heather laughed. "Didn't we just do that?"

"That was just for starters, sweetie."

She laughed again. "Wow, give her an inch and she takes a mile."

"Maybe about a hundred miles. I like taking from you, Heather. Cum see me in the morning."

We slept like babies until the light of the morning sun broke through the curtains. I awakened first, unaccustomed to these new surroundings. I had ended up curled in a fetal position behind Heather, my pussy hairs pressed into her sweet derriere and my right arm snuggled between her breasts, held tightly by her warm arms.

I kissed the nape of her neck and she stirred only slightly. "Wake up, sleepy-head."

She stirred again. A stir that told me she had come back to life from her dream world. Surely she remembered my promise of unabashed sex. If she didn't remember, she would soon find out.