 Ever since Linda traveled to Chicago to take care of her ailing grandmother, more than two months ago, I had done little but stay home, keeping pretty much to myself. I had no idea when she might return, but I kept myself occupied with work, television and reading. My own fingers replaced the passion I had known with her for almost three years, but soon I began to feel a void that my fingers couldn't completely satisfy. Before she left, she told me I could date if I felt like it; her only caution was not to get "involved."

Jenny, my best friend at work (and straight as an arrow, unfortunately) invited me to a party at her house. At first I was reluctant to go, but she begged. Then she cajoled. Then she pleaded. When she flashed her puppy-dog eyes at me and said, "Please, Beth, I'd really like you to get out of this funk you've been in for the past few weeks."

"Okay," I acquiesced, "but only for an hour or so."

I wasn't really looking forward to Saturday night, but at least it gave me something to do for a while. I threw on a pair of semi-tight jeans and a white cotton blouse. Nothing fancy, but I felt like I looked fine for a casual party. 

Jenny lived on the north side of town in a nice house. By the time I arrived, just a little after 9:00 o'clock, the party was in full swing. Jen greeted me at the door with a friendly hug and a sweet smile. "Hey, girl, I'm glad you could make it. Come on in!"

The music was too loud for my tastes, and the metallic sound of whatever band was playing on the stereo was not my cup of tea. There must have been 25 or 30 people, mostly couples, in the living room, the dining room, and the kitchen. The place was packed. Unpleasant acrid smoke filled the air. I knew I wouldn't be staying long. I made my way to the kitchen, poured myself a 7&7, and then, as luck would have it, found an unoccupied chair in the living room.

I felt like a wallflower, but I didn't mind. At least I had made Jenny happy in coming to the party. I slipped my drink slowly and looked around the crowded room. It would have been difficult to hold a conversation over the music, so I was glad to be alone. 

Suddenly, out of the corner of my eye, I saw a girl who caught my attention. What struck me the most was her absolutely stunning natural red hair. She was facing me, talking to a girl I had never seen before, drinking from a bottle of Lowenbrau. She was wearing a blue denim skirt and a black pull-over that was short enough to reveal a cute silver or chrome belly button ring. Her smile was infectious. I guessed her to be 19 or 20 years old. I would describe her as "attractively cute." The pullover was tight enough to reveal average sized breasts at best. She giggled a bit during her conversation and I had the feeling she was slightly tipsy.

When she happened to cast a glance in my direction, I quickly averted my eyes. Had she caught me stealing a glance at her? For the next few minutes, I stole furtive "peeks" in her direction, not wanting to get caught again. Yet I was totally mesmerized by her. Her skirt, hemmed just above the knee, revealed nicely shaped, totally bare legs. She was not flashy at all; in fact, I saw no jewelry except for the belly-button ring. She had a cute pug nose and a face full of sweet freckles that looked just perfect with her hair. 

A young male tapped her on the shoulder and she turned briefly to talk to him. I was even more amazed with the rear view. Her hair was perfectly straight, shimmering in the light from above, flowing half-way down her back. What caught my attention, however, was what I felt was the absolute greatest ass I had ever seen. Her skirt wasn't overly tight, but her buns filled it perfectly. I had always been attracted to women with nice derrieres, but this one was out of this world!

To my dismay, the male whisked her away to the kitchen, and all I could do was watch her walk away. I quickly resolved to be with this gorgeous girl later tonight when I masturbated. I could already feel a tingle in my loins just thinking what it would be like to bury my face in that exquisite ass for an hour or so. I even squeezed my thighs together tightly to stir my pussy up a little. 

I had finished about three-quarters of my drink when the dense smoke started to get to me. I hated to give up a cherished seat, but I needed a breath of fresh air. Fortunately not far away was a sliding glass door that led to a deck. I got up and went outside, taking a deep breath. There was only one other couple on the deck, a man and a woman holding hands. I nodded in their direction and then looked at the star-lit sky.

I thought I felt a presence behind me, but I wasn't sure. When I turned my head around, the presence, a female, moved to my side and placed her hands on the railing next to me. It was her! The redhead! I nearly fainted.

"The smoke is terrible in there," she said in a voice of cotton candy.

I tried to gain my composure. "That's why I don't go to many parties."

"At least it's a beautiful night," she continued. "You can breathe out here."

She was the kind of girl you wanted to kiss on the spot. The kind to hold onto and never let go. I couldn't believe I was this turned on by a stranger. 

"My name is Beth-Anne," I said.

She smiled. Her teeth were perfect. "I know. Mine's Heather."

I was taken aback by the "I know." "Ah, how did you know my name?"

"Jenny told me you might come to the party. She pointed you out to me just a second ago. She told me earlier in the week you might be coming. She said you were a bit lonely and might need a friend."

I couldn't believe my luck. Her voice was so sincere. Surely Jenny must have told Heather about Linda and me. She would know that I was gay. That I was attached. And, yes, that I was lonely as hell.

I forced a smile. "Thanks. I do get lonely sometimes."

Suddenly, without warning, she placed her hand over mine. Her touch was electric, sending chills up my spine. "If you would like to talk, I'm here for you Beth-Anne."

I looked into Heather's eyes for the first time. Her light-blue eyes. "Beth," I said. "My friends call me 'Beth'."

She gently squeezed my hand. "Beth. Nice name. So the offer is still on the table. No one should ever be lonely. Would you like to talk it out?"

Was she being super-friendly, or was she coming on to me? My heart started beating faster. "I think it would be nice to talk a bit," I replied.

Now her smile was even broader. "You can't very well pour it out here, at this party. Let's go somewhere quiet."

I know I tried to keep my jaw from dropping, but to this day I wonder how successful I was. She had come to the party, at Jen's invitation, to meet me. She came out to the deck and started a conversation. She had been bold enough to place her hand over mine. And now she was asking me to leave with her. My mind buzzed like a bee in a bottle.

"I'd like that," I blurted.

"I make a wild Irish Coffee," she said softly. "Would you like to go to my place? It's right up the street." Her hand was still over mine.

I laughed for the first time in days. "Irish Coffee is one of my favorites."

She didn't just take her hand away from mine. She slowly drew her fingers over the back of my hand. "Why don't you follow me? I live at 345 Windsor, Apartment 23. Go north on Sunset and make a right on Windsor. It's about five minutes away."

She turned and departed, but not before her smile indelibly burned into my brain. 

I really felt like I had just been seduced. I stood on the deck for a few moments, thinking through what had just happened. Remembering what Linda had told me about making commitments. Maybe Heather just wanted to be friends. She certainly seemed kind and sweet. On the other hand, something told me there was more to her approach than simple friendship. I knew, if I went to her apartment, and if she came onto me, that it would be a night to remember. 

The good side of me told me to go home. The devil in me told me to go for it. The devil in me knocked on Heather's door. She opened it with her now infamous smile. "Come on in. Nothing fancy, but it's home." Her apartment was tastefully decorated, mostly in soft pastels. The lighting was subdued. "I just started our drinks in the kitchen."

She turned and I followed her. She must have known my eyes were fixated on her exquisite ass. We chit-chatted while she mixed two Irish Coffees. She seemed like she would be so easy to become friends with. But lovers?

Drinks in hand, glasses tingling from the ice, we moved to the sofa in the living room. When we sat next to each other, I wanted to pounce on her right then and there and fuck her brains out. In a better light she was drop-dead gorgeous. Far prettier than I could ever hope to be. Her giggles were infectious. 

If she was coming on to me, she wasn't making it obvious. I resolved that I would lay back and see what might happen. Certainly I wasn't going to force the issue. Besides, I didn't deserve someone this beautiful to share romantic times with.

The conversation soon came around to my "blues." She did it so smoothly I hardly realized I was pouring my soul out to her.

"So your roommate, Linda, left about two months ago?"

"In April," I replied. "But…" I thought for a second how to word it. "Not exactly my roommate."

"More than a roommate?"

She had to know. I needed to tell her. "My lover." I tried to read the expression on Heather's face to my announcement. If she was thinking anything, she didn't show it. It went without saying, yet for some reason I said, "I'm gay."

I sensed that Heather was formulating her next words carefully in her mind. "I guess I thought so, based on what Jenny told me."

"Does that bother you?" I asked.

"Why would your being gay bother me?"

"Well, some women feel uncomfortable around lesbians." 

"Actually, Beth, I find it intriguing. I guess… well, I guess I have always been a little curious about the gay lifestyle."

She was pulling no punches. Suddenly I felt like a fly being drawn into the proverbial spider's web. The offer was on the table, about as explicit as Heather could make it. She was obviously trolling, seeing if I would take the bait.

The good side of me reminded me about Linda. The devil inside me how deliciously exciting this girl next me looked. I closed my eyes for a just a moment and thought about how nice her red hair would look draped over a pillow in her bed. Can someone explain to me why the devil always seems to win out?

"Curiosity killed the cat, you know," I said with a slightly wicked laugh.

Heather turned toward me on the sofa, curling her legs with her feet under her butt. She was careful not to give me any untoward views up her skirt. "I've read a few books," she said.

"Girl-girl type books?"

She giggled. "Sort of…"

"And the books aroused your interest?"

"Mmmm. I think 'aroused' is just the perfect word."

I felt a familiar tingle 'down there.' This might be easier than I thought. Heather was ripe for the taking. Time to go for the kill. "What aroused you the most?"

"Well, not necessarily the sexual part of it. But the intimacy between two women."

I got bold. "Then maybe it wasn't my 'blues' that brought me here tonight?"

Heather looked so deeply into my eyes I thought she could see my soul. She thought for a second. "Would it upset you if I told you I wanted to fulfill my curiosity? That maybe Jenny set in motion something I can no longer control?"

Damn! Who was hitting on whom? 

"You are beautiful, Heather."

Her face turned a deep red, obliterating a lot of her freckles. "And you are…" Before she could get the next word out, I leaned over kissed her softly, my fingertips grazing lightly across her cheek. 

She had perfectly kissable lips. Nice and full. Soft and pliant. It seemed so natural. At first she accepted the kiss as a one-way street from me to her, letting me press lightly against her. Then, as if a light bulb suddenly went off in her mind, Heather moved her hand behind my head and drew me into her. Magically, she returned the kiss with just enough fervor to make me feel a wetness begin to grow in my pussy. 

We continued the kiss for several minutes. I felt like I had awakened a sleeping monster. When we finally broke the kiss, Heather leaned her head back and sighed. "Wow," she said a velvety-soft voice. "It was better than I thought it would be."

She folded her hands on her thighs and I placed my hands over them. "You certainly know how to kiss," I whispered.

Her face was still red as a beet. "My heart is racing like hell," she said.

I squeezed her hands. "It's supposed to, silly. That was the first time you ever kissed a girl?"

"The very first time."

"And?"

"And I loved every sweet moment. Did you feel what I felt?"

I laughed softly. "I felt pure pleasure. And maybe I'm a little turned on."

She was pensive for a moment. "I'm scared, Beth."

"That's normal. Falls in the category of 'to be expected.' The first step is always the hardest."

Heather drew her head forward and looked at me deeply once more. "Will you be gentle?" she whispered.

"I'll be any way you want me to be. If you like gentle, I'll be gentle."

I could see her mind racing again. "And if I like rough?"

Well, no use hinting at what you want, baby. "I told you—any way you want me to be."

"Sometimes I like both. Gentle to start. Then a bit rough. Then gentle again for the climax."

"I can go for that, sweetie."

We kissed again. Long and deep. For an eternity, it seemed. I pulled her into me, breast to breast. My tongue explored the warmth of her mouth to my heart's desire. She returned the favor a hundred times over. Sometimes our tongues fought for territory. My pussy was no longer just wet, it was dripping with desire."

After we broke the kiss, I somehow ended up in the corner of the sofa, with Heather's back leaning against my breasts. She didn't feel heavy at all. Her body was light as a feather. For the first time, I softly stroked her bright red hair with my fingertips. "So beautiful…" I sighed.

My right hand ended up on Heather's bare midriff, and I quickly found her belly-button ring. "Are you pierced anywhere else?" I asked.

"No," replied. "Just my belly-button. But I have thought about getting my nipples pierced."

"Tattoos?"

"Just one," she replied.

"Where?"

"Do you want to see it?"

Dumb question. Since the tattoo wasn't obvious from what I could see, I surmised it had to be somewhere eyes might not often look. Her breast perhaps? "If you would like to show me."

To my amazement, Heather stood up next to me. She glanced over her shoulder, smiled, and suddenly hiked up her denim skirt. All the way to her waist. Silky-white, bikini-styled panties clung to her ass as if they had been painted on. Still looking into my eyes, to garner my reaction I suppose, Heather pulled the panties down over her left buttock. Down just far enough to reveal a pretty red rose with a green stem. Right in the middle of the gorgeous cheek.

"Mmmm," I said.

"You like?"

"It's beautiful. May I touch it?"

She giggled. "I suddenly feel like there is no part of my body you can't touch, Beth."

As she continued to hold the side of her panties down, I ran my fingertips over the blushing rose. Her skin, even over the tattoo was baby-soft. Suddenly I leaned forward, moved my hands to Heather's hips, and, holding her there, planted a gentle kiss right on top of the rose.

I could feel her shudder beneath my hands. "Oh, that feels so good!" she husked.

When I ran the tip of my tongue over the rose, circling it slowly, Heather let out a long, slow breath. I kissed and licked her there for several deliciously sweet moments. When the kissing stopped, Heather turned toward me, her face more flushed than before, her skirt still encircling her waist, one side of her pretty white panties partially down her hips.

Keeping my hands tight against her side, my face just inches from her creamy-white abdomen, I leaned forward and planted another soft kiss on the flesh above her panties. Holding her skirt up with her right hand, Heather moved her left hand to the back of my head and pulled my face into her. My nosed pressed into her softness. When she eased the grip on the back of my head for just a moment, I used the opportunity to move my lips lower, over the front of her silky-whites. She pulled me in again, forcing my chin against her pubis. 

The good side of me told me to stop, to go home and not start something that might not be stoppable. The devil inside of me lowered my lips to the "V" between Heather's legs. I opened my mouth wide and took in her puffy pussy, over the top of her silky panties. She let out a long scream of pleasure as I devoured her over the thin material.

I felt wanton, filled with a lust that had been missing from life most recently. I used my hands to slowly lower the panties, all the while pressing my lips into Heather's sex. I felt the last remnants of the panties move past my lips. I had to lean back and look at the treasure I had just uncovered.

Her sex was unbelievably beautiful. Totally shaved. Full puffy lips. Her already hardened clit poking out deliciously between the puffy folds. "Beautiful," I whispered, "just beautiful."

Her hands gently caressed the hair on top of my head. "It's all for you, Beth," she husked.

I moved my head forward once more and planted a soft kiss on the clitoral hood. Heather opened her legs accommodatingly. When I touched the tip of my tongue to the spot, she threw her head back and moaned, grasping my hair tightly with her hands. As I kissed her there, gently but with feelings of pure rapture, I lowered Heather's panties down her legs. She stepped out of them, one leg at a time, then opened her legs even wider. Taking the cue, I moved a hand behind her thigh, my fingertips attacking from behind, and found her obviously hungry slit.

Heather wasn't wet—she was absolutely soaked. I moved two of my fingers into her slit. She moaned again, even more loudly, as I circled the outer edge of her steaming vagina, even as I began to suckle like a baby at the protruding clit. She was like putty in my hands. As my fingers slowly glided more deeply into the warmth of her sex, she started undulate her hips back and forth, beginning the music of a sexual dance that would drive me deeper into her with each movement. 

After feasting on her proffered treasures for several delightful moments, I withdrew my glistening fingers from the honeypot and brought them to me mouth. I tasted as much of her love-juices as I could, then dipped my fingers back in for more. 

Heather's legs were noticeably wobbly now. She almost lost her balance from the surging desires inside her. I grabbed her hips to keep her from falling backward. 

"Beth, oh Beth, I can't believe it! It's so beautiful. So real. So right. Better than I thought it ever could be."

I looked up at her flushed face and smiled. "Better than a Boston chocolate cream cake with a cherry on top?" 

Heather laughed out loud. "Much, much better. Let's go to the bedroom."

She reached out and pulled me up from the sofa. Her skirt fell back into place. Leaving the panties on the floor, like a fallen handkerchief, we walked hand-in-hand to her bedroom. I felt like a teenager on my first date. We both giggled excitedly. 

"Welcome to my boudoir," she said softly as she moved me to the bed. 

My heart was pounding. My mind was buzzing. My pussy was dripping. I could feel the stickiness on my panties. We eased into the bed together, side by side. We moved into each other and embraced. This time it was two lovers kissing, not two strangers who had just met hours earlier. I loved her open-mouth kisses. Her tireless tongue. She pressed her body into me as tightly as she could. Our pubic bones meshed perfectly, and our bodies ground into each other with a fever that knew no bounds.
