 I shook the metal door handle in frustration. It was another hot day in Santa Fe, New Mexico, and I couldn't believe the Marriott's outdoor pool was closed for the second day in a row -- the only day when I had a four-hour afternoon break.

I was all suited up in my new black one-piece, hoping to relax poolside with a drink and get to know some of my fellow conference attendees. The Southwest Women's Health Network had sponsored the week-long event on advanced clinical care, and it had been great so far. Except for this.

"Oh Jesus, is it still not open?" came a cheerfully exasperated woman's voice from behind me. "I told the manager to take care of it."

I turned and saw a tall, curvy black woman in her late 30's, standing hands-on-hips and sizing me up. She wore a knee-length maroon skirt and a spaghetti-strap white top that tastefully accentuated her full bust. I recognized her as one of the conference organizers -- one of several women I had masturbated to in my hotel room the night before.

"Do you have a sledgehammer I could borrow?" I said.

She burst out laughing. "Oh, I have a lot of fun things in my tool kit, but unfortunately it's not here. I'm Jada, by the way."

I took her outstretched hand and held it a little longer than necessary. Her dark skin was soft, smooth...heavenly. "I'm Frederika. I really enjoyed your lecture on the future of private nursing yesterday."

Jada winked. "I know. I saw you taking lots of notes. Fourth row, two seats from the end."

"Now that's an eye for detail," I said approvingly.

"Or at least an eye for cute girls," said Jada, moving a little closer. "You have a cute accent too. Are you one of our Washington State girls?"

"Uh huh. This is my first time in Santa Fe, and you've organized things wonderfully."

"Except for the fucking pool!" Jada said with a laugh. "Oops -- pardon my mouth."

I looked at her meaningfully. "Don't sweat it. I like your mouth." And I really did: she had beautiful, full lips that had distracted me deliciously throughout her lecture. And were having the same effect on me now. The rest of her...hmm...definitely shades of Michelle Obama.

Jada's brow furrowed. "Tell you what. I live about a ten-minute drive from here, and my townhouse has a little pool in the backyard. Would you like to join me for a dip?"

"I'd love to." After all, I was starting to get even hotter. I went upstairs and changed into a low-cut black top with tan harem pants.

We were driving past low, adobe houses on an aspen-lined street with the air conditioner blasting when Jada glanced at my wrist. "I like your bracelet. Did you pick that up here?"

I fingered the bracelet: cool, smooth, rainbow-colored quartz. "Thank you. Actually, it was a gift from a girlfriend in Seattle. She was organizing an LGBT fundraising dance at a community hall, and I coordinated the ticket sales. She thought I deserved a little something extra for that."

"LG...what was that?" Jada asked.

"Oh, for the gay community," I said casually. "I work closely with a lot of bisexual and lesbian women on a volunteer basis. I identify as bi myself, and I find it really rewarding."

"Reeaally?" Jada had to slam on the brakes before she went through a stop sign. "Very interesting. Um, I guess everyone's so fucking uptight and conservative down here...I don't know if I would say I 'identify' per se...but..."

"Yes?" I said with a saucy smile.

"Let me put it this way, Frederika. My husband and I divorced last year after 15 years of marriage. Before him, I dated five people at Berkeley. One man, four women."

"At once?" I inquired. "Oh my." Jada shrieked with laughter and gave me a little slap on my thigh as we wheeled into her driveway.

I leaned into the black woman's neck, inhaling her peach-scented fragrance, and whispered: "I'll remember that slap, honey." Jada giggled and a little tremor ran through her magnificently full body.

In the backyard, enclosed by tall wooden fences, I reclined on a long, cushioned chaise on the stone terrace while Jada was inside fixing me a drink. Two palm trees and a cluster of orchids fringed the little pool, which was bubbling busily. I was out in the sun because I wanted to show off my body for Jada. Clearly, neither of us was immune to the other's charms.

Cardinals and finches twittered in nearby trees, and a light breeze caressed me. The sweet aroma of desert sage filled my nostrils. I felt incredibly sensual here. I couldn't help lightly running my hands over my own body, eyes closed, drinking it all in. The thought of Jada just steps away had me throbbing even more.

Jada's voice brought me back from my reverie. She stood over me, smiling as she handed me a mojito. "I'm glad to see you're making yourself comfortable here, Frederika."

I smiled, sipped my drink, and looked her over with intense enjoyment. Jada had changed into a one-piece bathing suit as well, but hers was pure white. Oh my God...I could hardly wait to see how she would look – and feel – in the water.

Jada turned her back, almost shyly, for a moment, and I feasted my eyes on the dark, wide curves of her full ass.

"You're a beautiful woman, Frederika," she said in a husky voice. "I love the way you do your hair, the way you carry yourself. Everything. So curvy...yum. I think we're going to invite you back next year too."

I took another sip and rose from my chaise. I took Jada by the hand. "Let's see how the water is."

It was more than just warm in the pool. It didn't take long for us to abandon all restraint. First, it was my fingertips, lightly tracing circles on Jada's thighs underwater. She moved close to me and I put my arm around her bare, wet, dark shoulders. I looked at her, and then leaned in for what became my first deep, long, tongue kiss with a black woman. It was mutual, woman-to-woman worship, and I loved it.

I gasped as Jada bent lower to kiss my neck. My hands hungrily squeezed Jada's lusciously full tits, feeling her nipples standing out hard and blatantly exposed through the see-through white fabric of her swimsuit. I needed to suck her, and I didn't hesitate, yanking down a shoulder strap to fully reveal her right breast. I pushed her hard against the wall of the pool as I devoured her nipple. "Oh my motherfucking God, that feels good," Jada groaned. "Oh yes. Oh God, Frederika."

Of course, I needed more suckling and tit play focused on me to get off the way I deserved – and had fantasized about the night before. When I withdrew my mouth, I very deliberately pulled back and showed Jada my beautiful breasts – making her hungry for me as I rolled down the top half of my suit, dripping with water. I beckoned her over with a finger, and Jada devoured my right breast, sucking as much of me into her mouth as possible. Incredible jolts of pleasure shot through me, right to my cunt. "Fuck! Yes!" I responded. "Suck my nipple hard, Jada. That's a good girl."

Jada had told me that the three college girls who shared the townhouse next door were away for the week, but as I looked up, I realized it wasn't true. A flash of long blonde hair and a fluttering curtain on the second floor was a dead giveaway. The knowledge that Jada and I were being watched and admired by at least one other woman aroused me even more. I had to start to show off and be even more aggressive in my seduction, getting off on my goddess-style exhibitionism.

I pulled myself up out of the water and sat on the edge of the pool, spreading my thighs wide. Jada kneeled on the ledge in front of me. I ran my fingers over my crotch, savoring the sensation of my engorged cunt lips. Then I pulled aside the fabric, exposing my delicious wet tangle of pubic hair.

Jada didn't need instructions. She leaned in and began to eagerly lick out my pussy, holding on to my thighs as they stiffened toward orgasm. As her tongue lapped up at my clit, I felt my face grimacing with uncontrollable pleasure. But what really made me crazy were her half-stifled moans and gulps, her urgent gasping as she tongue-fucked her new white lover's cunt. I squeezed my own nipples hard, and arched my body back. I was getting ready to cream. My half-open eyes strayed to that next-door window, which was partially open. This time I could see them: two girls, the blonde and a shorter-haired brunette, wearing identical university T-shirts, cute and 20 years old at most. Combined with Jada's insatiable tongue, the sight of those young faces – wanting to give them a sight they would rub their cunts to for the rest of their lives – pushed me right over the fucking edge. I began to scream and come, pushing Jada away only when I couldn't take any more.

Later that afternoon, we played games with the powerful jet stream in Jada's pool. Both completely nude by now, we took turns straddling it, stimulating ourselves vaginally and anally. "Oh yeah, it's going right up my ass," I moaned as Jada masturbated me slowly under the water, kissing my body. "I love having my ass filled any way I can. I have pictures of me with a wine bottle that I want you to see, Jada. I also like to insert my anal beads, or a butt plug, before I go out shopping or head to work, whenever I can. I had the beads in during your lecture."

That sentence made Jada groan loudly. She stood up in the pool and spread her pussy lips in front of me, showing off how her clit and cunt were swollen with excitement, almost like a slice of juicy pink grapefruit between those plump, ragged chocolate lips of hers.

I stood up too. "Go get that tool kit of yours, Jada," I said in a loud, clear voice, making sure the girls over the fence could hear me. "I want us to take turns fisting each other. I'm going to teach you how."

"Oh my fucking God," Jada said with a smile. "I don't think I've ever had more fun than this." I lay down on the chaise to await her return, still feeling the girls' eyes watching us intently.

To climax the afternoon, after being fisted by Jada for nearly an hour, my whole body shaking and writhing with pleasure, I began to squirt. Yes, that's right: I let go of my long-built-up waters with a black woman, screaming out with enjoyment, relishing each sweet, hissing, liquid spurt. Jada mindfully grabbed my half-finished mojito and positioned it in front of my pussy, snaring my precious juices and mingling them with the alcohol. As I screamed out the end of my orgasm, I wordlessly snatched the glass away from her and drank my own come in front of her. I spared Jada the last few drops, pouring it out on the terrace and dimly perceiving it as she obediently licked up my come cocktail on the stone tiles.

Needless to say, I am very grateful to the Marriott for its sloppy hotel maintenance policies. I will also be returning to Santa Fe courtesy of the Southern Women's Health Network next year.