 I married at 21 and have always enjoyed sex with my husband, but as we hit our forties it became much less frequent. To be frank I don't think either of us missed it particularly. When we make love it is still good, we just don't get the urges in the same way. I have never even thought about another relationship. I cannot explain how the situation I am writing about came to be.

As my kids grew up I tried various ways of keeping fit. Aerobics, step, Gym and jogging. I never really enjoyed any particularly, and was very pleased when Cally, one of my oldest friends and neighbours, suggested that we go swimming once a week.

We started going to our local pool on a Friday morning, after which we would generally shop and have a lunch out. The changing room at the pool has communal showers, and cubicles along one side. There is an area in the middle of the room where women can change in the open.

The first time we went I couldn't stop myself looking at Cally as we showered and comparing her body with mine. I am sure that she did the same, after all we have known each other for almost twenty years but had never been naked before each other.

She is a little heavier than I am, but we are both fairly trim for our late forties. Her boobs are quite big and she has large brown nipples.

She has more pubic hair than I do, but then mine is quite sparse. What did surprise me was that her buttocks had a fine down of dark hair over them and there was quite a lot of hair between her cheeks. After we had showered she went into a cubicle to change, which surprised me as we had got into our swim suits in the open area, but I didn't attach any importance to it. In following weeks this became our routine.

On our fourth or fifth visit I realised that I had forgotten my deodorant, and poked my head over Cally's door to ask to borrow hers. I was amazed to see that she was leaning back on the bench masturbating. She looked up in horror at me, and we both stammered apologies to each other.

When we were both dressed Cally turned to me and said "I think I need a drink." I knew how she felt, my knees were shaking. We agreed that two middle class middle aged ladies couldn't decently go to a pub at 11.45 in the morning, so we decided to return to my house.

We didn't talk about anything particular on the ten minute journey, just chattered about the weekend and our plans. I assumed that the episode would be forgotten and not referred to again. Once we were inside, we sat at the kitchen table with a glass of wine, Cally just looked at me and giggled. " Now you know my secret" she said. I said yes, and whilst I had been surprised I didn't have a problem with it. "Good luck to you, Girl" I said. The tension seemed to ease between us and we both relaxed.

Cally just wanted to talk about it, and told me that she had done it regularly since she was a teenager, but that in recent years it was more important to her than sex with Neil, her husband, or at least a damn sight more frequent, she laughed!

She asked me if I ever played with myself, and I heard myself answering that Paul and I sometimes did it in front of each other, which we found special and very tender, but that I hadn't done it by myself for years, since he used to travel on business early in our marriage. We both seemed to feel that there had been enough revelations for one day and, after another glass of wine Cally left.

As I pottered around after she had gone I kept replaying the morning in my mind, and found myself feeling very randy. "What the heck" I thought, and decided literally to take matters into my own hands.

I went up stairs, drew the curtains, undressed and lay on my bed. I started rubbing the insides of my thighs, which is how I always used to start. I felt very aroused, and kept thinking about Cally, her body and what I had seen. In the next twenty minutes I must have had five orgasms. I cannot remember when I had felt so spent. I pulled the duvet over me and with my finger still between my pussy lips drifted to sleep.

I was awoken by the phone, it was Cally. She could tell I was sleepy and apologised for waking me, she asked if I was alright. I don't know why I did it but I said "I'm great – I've just had the best wank in twenty years thanks to you" I think she must have nearly dropped the phone, she was quiet for a minute and then said in a quiet voice "So have I."

It wasn't a conversation that we felt comfortable with on the phone. Cally asked if she could come over. By the time I had pulled on my clothes she was at the back door.

I got the bottle of wine from the fridge and we went and sat in the lounge things seemed different between us. We had never really spoken about sex in detail before today.

Cally said she thought that my seeing her at it had added a new dimension for her, she said she could understand why I had told her that Paul and I do it together sometimes. She sai that when she saw my curtains were closed she hoped that I was doing it, and the thought had prompted her to do the same. "I had some unfinished business from earlier" she quipped.

She asked me what I had though of when I was doing it and, blushing I told her that I had thought of her. She smiled so softly and whispered "Thank you."

When she left she gave me a kiss, which we hardly ever do, just on "formal" social occasions.

Try as I might I couldn't get the thing out of my mind. I thinkl Paul was very happy that weekend, we made love on Friday and again on Saturday. On Sunday I seduced him in the lounge in the evening and asked if we could perform for each other there. It was great.

On Monday Cally called and asked if we could go swimming, she said she couldn't wait for Friday. I said I couldn't today, so we agreed on Tuesday. At 10 the next morning she was there with her sports bag at my back door.

"Why the change in day?" I asked. Cally actually blushed, came in to the kitchen and said "I want to recreate last Friday in every detail" That stopped me in my tracks. "What do you mean" I asked. She said that since then she had felt aroused all the time. Her weekend had been full of sex with Neil, and she had even masturbated in front of him, although he wouldn't do it for her. She said "I just feel so alive again."

I felt a lump in my throat, but had to ask "do you want me to see you do it?" she said "Yes, is that so awful." I could only reply that I would love it, and that my mind was full of it as well.

We went swimming, but only swam for ten minutes, then Cally said "let's go." We showered and once again I was drawn to her body. It looked sexy aand her nipples were erect and puckered.

When we left the showers Cally said "Let's change together in there" and made off towards a row of larger cubicles designed for mothers with children. I emptied my locker and followed her. Once in the cubicle Cally sat on the bench, put one leg up and closed her eyes with her head back. She began pinching her nipples, and smiled. I just stood and watched.

Her hand moved over her belly and she started to tickle her pussy lips. I was mesmerised as they started to part, and she delved deeper and deeper. Her clit poked out and she started to circle it slowly. It was the sexiest thing I had ever seen. She climaxed silently within a few imnutes, crushing her wrist between her thighs as she came. When she opened her eyes I was still standing watching her body subside.

"What about you?" she asked. "Not now, not here" I replied. We dressed in record time.

Cally drove straight back to my house. "Shall I come in?" she asked "Yes please" I replied.

When we went in to the house Cally looked at me and started to walk up stairs. I followed her, feeling weak at the knees and incredibly aroused. In my room she closed the curtains and turned on the bedside lights. I undressed and lay on my bed. Cally just sat at the foot of the bed and smiled at me.

I felt self conscious, so I closed my eyes before I started. Within minutes my only sensation was pleasure as the feelings welled up within me. I opened my eyes and saw that Cally had taken off her track suit bottom and had pulled her knickers down she was rubbing herself and watching me intently. After I had come, and she finished we both just floated in a daze. She broke the silence by saying "let's try again."

She stripped off and lay on the bed with her head at my feet. Within minutes we both had our knees raised and were rubbing furiously again, each with a perfect view of the other. This time Cally moved her other hand down and pulled a cheek of her bum, revealing her anus with it's rim of hair. As she rubbed her clit she started to tickle her bum, and then she slipped a finger inside as far as the first knuckle. The sight was enough to push me over the edge to another orgasm. That time we came together.


Neither of us knew what to do next. She turned around on the bed and lay next to me, we cuddled like sisters and dozed. I woke up to feel her curled up "spooks style" behind me. I could feel her pubic hair tickle my bum. Her arm was over me, hand resting on my stomach. I sighed and wriggled, she snuggled in further.

It was inevitable that we should move on to explore each other, doing things I would have thought unthinkable only a few days before. Over the week we got together every day. What we realised was that what works best for us both is to see and be seen, but not actually masturbate each other. We found that a brush against a nipple, a tickle in the thigh is as much as we really like. 

We still swim every Friday. These days we make for the larger cubicles automatically. Our husbands must have noticed our revived interest in them, and we both have a relationship that we never imagined. When either of us calls the other and says "Sisterhood time" the other is always there for them. I am so lucky. Neither of us believes that we are lesbian, but then neither of us can really rationalise what we have. As Cally said recently "Who cares – it works."