 Tracy pulled into Julia's driveway and stopped. Heather looked at the spacious home and marveled at it.

"Wow, Scott and Julia must be doing well. This place is fantastic."

"Oh, they're doing okay. They got this place after they won some money in the lottery. It's paid for and now they get to enjoy a comfortable lifestyle with what they make. I like that they didn't let the money change them and stayed the same fun people they were before."

"That's great! How nice for them. I could sure do with a win. Lord knows I have lots to buy with the money. I can only imagine my house paid for, drawers full of new bra and panty sets and clothes to go with them. Oh, let's not forget an entirely new and upgraded toy collection."

That got them both laughing, as they got out and unloaded clothes and bags from the back seat. They were at the bottom of the steps when the door opened and Julia came and stood there.

"About time, slowpokes, I was wondering if you'd make it on time."

"Hey, we're not that far behind time. Just took us a little longer getting organized. Julia, I'd like you to meet Heather Donovan. Heather, meet Julia Henderson."

Tracy and Heather came up the small flight of spacious, stone stairs to her and Julia welcomed Tracy with a hug and then held her arms to Heather to hug her as well. Heather hesitated a moment and then stepped forward and hugged her back. Heather felt the welcoming hold like she was a dear friend to her and looked at Tracy in surprise. Tracy smiled and left them and walked in with clothes and bags in her hand.

"Great to meet you, Heather. Tracy told me you were a beautiful woman that looked like her and she was right. You are lovely. Come, let's go in and get acquainted while we set things up. Welcome to Swingville, really hope you love the place like we do."

"I'm certainly feeling very welcome here, so it won't be hard to get to like being here. Say, why is it called Swingville, anyway? Seems like a funny name for a place."

Julia laughed a bit and led Heather inside and closed the door.

"You know, I asked that same question when we first looked at living here. Seems some old guy, like back at the turn of the last century, had a farm around here somewhere. He had this huge tree on his property and made a gigantic swing for it. You know tree swings, just a boards and some rope, tie it to a branch sort of thing?"

"Yeah, I know what you mean. How big was the swing?"

"It was big enough that four adults could sit side by side on it and swing. Kids would pile on and swing all day in it. Anyway, the old guy died and the place was bought up by developers looking to start a community. They were going to cut the tree and swing down, but everyone stopped them and it ended up being called Swingville because of that. It was only three years ago that it was still there. We had this really bad storm and lightning hit it, split the swing part right off it. The high winds that we had with it almost tore it out of the ground. There was nothing they could do, so it got cut down and a plaque is there now commemorating it. That's how we became Swingville."

"Interesting. That's so sweet that that farmer wanted to make that for everyone to enjoy."

"Oh, he had barn dances and hay wagon rides, all kinds of great times out there. Most of the food everyone had, came from his fields, so he was grateful to have a steady supply of customers for his crops and thanked them by doing those things."

"That sounds like a great time. Too bad people don't really do that anymore."

"We do. That's why we get together like this. We kind of keep that tradition alive and share with our friends and neighbors. We like to think we keep the swing in Swingville going."

"That's really great. Now I see why you guys have these dinners. I thought it was just some crazy fun you cooked up, but it's really about keeping the spirit of the place alive, I like that."

"Great, glad you do. Okay, let's get Tracy and get started on setting things up and then get ready for dinner."

Julia hugged Heather to her with an arm and rubbed her skin softly. Heather put her arm around Julia's waist and the two headed up the stairs to Julia's room to find Tracy. They walked in and Tracy was standing naked in front of the full length mirror with her outfit held up to her in front.

"Are we setting up naked? I like that idea, makes it more fun than it is."

"No, I was just checking to see how it'll look on me still. I should have tried it on at home, but we had to get here fast, or you'd get all bent out of shape about it."

"I don't not get bent out of shape. I just think people should be where they say they're supposed to be at the time everyone agreed on."

"And we're forgetting that shit happens and throws plans off kilter?"

"Yeah, I know, but..."

"Only but I want is yours over here and give me a hand. I want you to hold this up so I can see if I'm going to look like a sausage stuffed in a casing."

"Tracy, you're fucking gorgeous and shut up about thinking you're fat."

"Yeah, looks who talking. Do you weigh over a hundred yet?"

"Oh shut up, you know I do. I weigh one o' nine if you have to know."

"Ooh, nine pounds over. I'm afraid to step on the scale and see what I weigh now. I'd rather not know and save myself the hurt knowing how much I have to lose."

Julia came over and wrapped her arms around Tracy's waist from behind and cuddled into her, kissing her cheek and neck.

"Quit sucking up and hold this for me."

Julia took the sheer outfit by the arms and held it to Tracy, as she smoothed it down her body and then stretched the sides to see how tight it was going to be.

"A fucking sausage, I knew it."

"Maybe, but a sausage with great tits and ass. Stop your griping. I'll have to tell Jim to pick up on the sexercise and work some of that off you. We'll have a sauna and hot tub later, so that should sweat a few pounds of fat off you. Ooooooh, I do love feeling it though. It's so soft and cuddly feeling."

Julia was running her hands over Tracy's body and Heather stood and watched the two friends and saw how comfortable they were with their bodies and discussing sex. Tracy was obviously comfortable with where Julia's hands went on her and enjoyed her touching her like that. It did seem like fun the way they did it and laughed and giggled, as Julia started tickling Tracy and making her squirm and writhe from it.

They finally stopped and Julia looked at Tracy and Heather with a serious look.

"So, are we doing it naked? I'm good with that. How about you Heather? Feel like doing some setting up naked and run around like a hedonist in paradise?"

"Are you serious? I thought you were joking."

Julia showed she wasn't by stripping her tank top off and then her sports bra. Her small breasts poked out in a conical shape now and it was hard not to miss the two gold rings with diamond pendants dangling from her nipples. Heather's eyes fixed on them and couldn't take them away. Julia saw that and walked over to her. She cupped her perky breasts and gave Heather a close look at them.

"Last year's birthday present from Scott. Pretty nice, aren't they?"

"They are. Now that I see them up close, they're beautiful. Don't they hurt though?"

"Going through my nipple like this? Nah, gets me going now. It hurt like a bitch at first and throbbed for days after, but now it's okay and no pain at all. You can hold them, it's okay."

Heather looked in Julia's eyes and saw she was okay with it and tentatively reached out and held both in her hands. She looked at the setting and pear shaped diamonds, surrounded by tiny diamond chips and became mesmerized by the sparkle from them. 

"I like when they're pulled, that really gets me off. Do it, I love it."

Heather was stunned by Julia's offer, then saw her nod excitedly to go ahead. Heather started pulling on the pendants and saw the nipples begin to stretch out. As they did, Julia began writhing more and more the harder they were pulled. 

"Oh yeah, just like that. Just give them tiny tugs now."

Heather complied, more curious than anything to see how it aroused her by doing it. She gave them tiny tugs rapidly and Julia started moaning and groaning from it. It shouldn't have surprised her to see Julia's hand race into her yoga pants and find her clit, then rub it deeply. 

"Twist them side to side now and go as far as you can both ways."

Heather started doing that and saw the elasticity of her nipples twist with the rings. Julia was whining into an orgasm and her hand was moving furiously in her pants. Tracy stood and watched it all with interest, putting a hand on Heather and Julia. 

"Pull hard, Baby and hold them tight, I'm going to cum."

Heather did it and thought she would tear the rings out if she pulled any harder. Julia winced hard and held her breath, driving herself into a good climax. She bucked and heaved from the spasms, then slowed her hand down and began breathing deeply again. 

"Okay, you can let them go now. God that was good."

Julia reached out with her free hand and pulled Heather to her strongly. Without any chance to decide, Julia kissed Heather hard on the lips, mouthing them several times and then let her go.

"Ooooh, that was just what I needed. Thanks Baby, that was wonderful."

Heather just stood and blushed, as Julia took her hand out of her pants and began licking her fingers. Tracy moved closer to Heather and put her arm around her waist and leaned in closer.

"Must have a lot of steam to let off like I thought."

Heather giggled and nodded she understood, but Julia wanted in on it.

"I was telling Heather that you like to blow off some steam and have fun when you've been going at it and working hard for too long."

"Oh yeah, that's the truth. I do like to do that. It's nice to get a little crazy and let loose and just be free. The business keeps me going sixty hours a week doing everything and it doesn't leave me a lot of time to play. So when I do get the chance, I like to make up for all the time I missed out on."

"What do you do? What kind of business, I mean?"

"I own a marketing and promotions company. Tracy's company is one of my clients, that's how we met actually. I don't have a lot of people working for me, so I need to do more than I'd like to."

"Why not hire a person or two?"

"I would if I could find the right one or ones."

"What ones are you looking for, Julia? Heather is looking for a new job."

"Really? Okay, please tell me you know how to do books and accounting."

"Certified, taxes too."

"Oh my God, you're kidding? Really? You know accounting and taxes? Fuck, I love you. Honestly, I hate doing them. This is so great. Oh, I am so going to love the free time that will give me."

"You mean no one here does accounting and taxes?"

"Two people do and both of them aren't very good. Only what, twelve thousand and something people here? Not really a big draw for those people. Most go out to Lincoln to get them done and that's a major hassle in itself. Having you here to do them, as long as you're good that is, is awesome."

"Oh, I'm good. I update regularly on everything, so I'm current. I kind of like doing numbers, always have."

"Tracy, I owe you big time, thanks Babe for bringing this one to me. Heather, we are going to be good friends you and me. Yes we are. Come on, let's get naked and do this already. I am so ready to party tonight!"

Julia slipped her fingers in her yoga pants and stripped them off, standing naked with Tracy.

"Come on, girl, let's go. Stop the grinnin' and drop the linen."

Heather was still hesitant and that just got her new friends to help her get over it. Tracy took the bottom of her T shirt and raised it up, getting some resistance at first, as Julia undid her jeans and zipper and shimmied them down her legs. While her hands were over head, Julia reached up and slid her panties down as well, baring her newly shaved pussy. Heather stood defenseless against the two women, as she felt the hooks on her bra come undone and get removed from her. She raised her feet and let Julia take her pants and panties off and stood exposed to them.

"Oh Heather, you do have a nice body. You do look a lot like Tracy. Stand together so I can see better."

Heather moved to Tracy and they stood side by side and let Julia look them over. Using her left hand, she cupped Tracy's breast and then did the same to Heather's. She hefted them both for weight and kneaded them both, feeling their suppleness. She used her thumbs to run over the nipples in circles a few times and let them go. She moved a bit closer and reached around behind them and held an ass cheek and squeezed a few times.

She stood back and looked over both of them and then in their faces.

"You two could be sisters, first cousins at the least. Like maybe the same mom and a different dad maybe. Really, you look and feel so similar to each other. Only problem I'm having is deciding between chocolate and raspberry."

"What do you mean?"

"Tracy has those gorgeous milk chocolate nipples and you have those equally gorgeous raspberry colored ones."

"I know, Julia, I thought the same thing. They're so brightly red, like juicy raspberries. Yummy looking, aren't they?"

"Uhm, we're talking about my nipples you guys, not some tasty fruit."

Tracy could see Heather was still shy and nervous being in her naked state, but her nipples were swelling on their own accord, letting her know Heather enjoyed the attention, nervousness or not.

"I'm pretty sure she's never had a double-header, so let's have a little raspberry delight, shall we Julia?"

"Ooh, let's"

Tracy and Julia pushed Heather back towards the bed and made her spill back on it. Before she could recover from it, the pair were at either side and held her hands above her head. She was opening her mouth to protest, when both mouths engulfed her nipples and suckled them. All she could produce were garbled sounds that went straight into a deep groan of pleasure. The women felt her protests easing and the fight in her hands gone, as they kneaded and licked, suckled and bit at her tender morsels.

"Oh my...oh fuck that's so...oh God, I think I'm going to cum. Oh shit, oh fuck, yes, yes, oh God, suck on me."

Tracy and Julia gave her all they had and drove her senseless with bliss. Heather writhed under them and felt the orgasm fill her, starting from her pussy and back to her nipples, until it all came to a head and brought it home for her. She grunted out her pleasure, as mouths took her places she had never imagined existed in her mind. They stopped and sat up looking at her, as she wallowed in ecstasy between them. Tracy parted Heather's leg and gently opened her red lips a bit. Cum was making her juicy and glistening in the light, the dark pink inside inflamed with lust.

"I think she knows how nice a double-header is now."

"Me too. She's got gorgeous nipples. I love how fat they get too. Makes them more suckable."

"No kidding. Couple of all day suckers if you ask me."

Heather came out of her reverie and looked at them.

"Holy shit, you two. I was a bit pissed at first, but damn, that was incredible. I came from that."

"We know, we just looked. Very wet, Baby."

"I bet. I can feel it in me."

Heather looked at them both and could see the look in their eyes and on their faces. The more she described what she was like down there, the hungrier and more rabid they looked.

"What are you guys thinking about? It better not be what I think it is."

Julia put a hand on her thigh and held it firmly.

"What if we did? Opposed to finishing what we started?"

Heather felt Tracy's hand on her other thigh and knew that's what they wanted to do. 

"I can't believe what you're asking me to do, Julia? I just met you. I hardly even know you."

"Oh, so you can meet Tracy and do it with her, but what? I'm not pretty enough for you? I need to share a bottle of wine with you first?"

Heather shot a hard look at Tracy, knowing right then that she told Julia what they did.

"Did you tell everybody what we did? Who doesn't know about it?"

"I only told a couple of people, I promise. I told Jim and Julia. Oh, I think I dropped a hint to Glo about it when I went to get the food."

"What do you mean you dropped a hint? We didn't even do anything yet. You want to explain that to me."

"I, I was just thinking you were alone and needed some company. We seemed to hit it off and liked each other."

"Wait. Liking each other as friends is one thing, getting sexual together is another."

"You didn't like what we did? Up to now, all I've heard is how much you liked it."

"I did, but that was just you and me. This is different, it's like, I don't know, just different."

"So you didn't mind two women sucking your nipples until you cum, but two women wanting to lick your pussy until you cum again is out of the question. Am I getting that right?"

Heather looked at Julia and then to Tracy, seeing the same lust to please her. Their hands were so close to her pussy, the heat of them making her ache even more. The thought of just giving herself over to be pleasured didn't sound unappealing, but it was to two women she had just met. She looked at Tracy and saw the softness of what they had shared together in them. She knew how wonderful she felt after being with her and since then. She looked at Julia and wondered if this was common between everyone here and how many more were involved. 

Both of their hands were now resting on either side of her pussy and the anxiousness of touching her could be felt in them. She looked at them one more time and closed her eyes and laid back, letting out a big sigh, putting her arm over her eyes.

"Okay, do me. I have no idea what I'm getting in to here, but I've come this far, so I might as well see where it all goes. Thanks for opening one crazy ass door for me, Tracy. I don't know what you're thinking, but I can't complain with what's happened so far. It's like my pussy just came alive and said do things to me, so do things to it and make it happy, because it's driving me nuts right now."

Heather felt her thighs being spread flat, her pussy bared to the both of them. She felt their fingers take hold of her lips and pulled them back, exposing her inside. She heard the soft gasps and sighs and raised her arm enough to peek at them. Both were looking at her like a yummy dessert and licking their lips. She imagined what they were thinking of her pussy, if her nipples looked like raspberries.

"So what does my pussy look like to you?"

She heard them both hum, as they looked and thought about it. Julia gave her thoughts on it first.

"I think it looks like strawberry parfait inside, with a ring of cherry sauce around the outside. What do you think, Tracy, sound yummy enough?"

"It does, but I know just what it looks like. Looks like I cut a slice in one of my rhubarb pies and pulled the crust back, doesn't it?"

"Holy shit, it does, Tracy. I know what that looks like and you're right."

"My pussy looks like rhubarb pie, really?"

"Oh, Heather, you have to have some of her pie, then you'll know what we mean."

"What do you mean, Julia? Heather's already had a piece of my pie, haven't you, Baby?"

Heather raised her arm up all the way and looked at her, smiling happily at her about her licking her pussy. She put her arm back over her eyes again and sighed.

"Yep, I guess I did have some of her pie already, so help yourselves to my rhubarb pie and enjoy it. It'll be my pleasure, I assure you."

Tracy and Julia looked at each other and smiled.

"I've already had a lovely taste of her, so after you, Julia."

"Thanks Tracy, how sweet of you. Now, let's have some yummy pie, shall we?"

Heather felt her hot breath on her inner flesh and then her lips engulfing her. She breathed in hard, feeling her tongue snake deeper and deeper inside her, drilling her with it. She felt the tip curling up inside her and dragged back, her juices pooled on it. Julia supped it back and went back for more and more. Heather felt herself giving it up easily to her, her tongue hitting the right spots inside. 
