 Most of my stories to date have been male/female BDSM stuff (and this one moves that way too . I thought I'd try one which is a bit more 'feminist' – maybe convince readers that I don't go for violence against women. Anyhow, everybody in the story is over 18 – don't read it if you aren't!

This follows the first part of 'Sylvia's Switch.' 

I let Susana her help me out of my corset, which had left red lines around the undersides of my breasts and just below my waist, then I rolled down my stockings.

'Let me hold you, darling,' said Susana, and she traced the red lines with her fingers, muttering, 'so pretty, so pretty!'

'Oh?' I said, questioningly.

'There's so much you have to learn, my dear,' she said, 'but some things will wait. For now, I have a little surprise for you.'

She took a small red box out of her bedside cabinet, and opened it up, taking out a yellow tube about five inches long, no more than half an inch thick, and smoothly pointed at one end. To the other end was connected a length of plastic tube, with a bulb at its extremity. Also producing a tube of lubricant, she said, 'Turn over, dear, and spread your legs for me.'

I was suddenly afraid, as I knew what she was going to do, and had no idea what to expect. Jason had several times suggested anal sex, but I had always resisted, and it was in the realms of the unknown for me. But I really trusted Susana, and just said, 'Don't hurt me, Susana, will you?'

'Just a little, at first, darling,' she said, 'but then you'll love it, I promise!'

I felt her smearing the gel around my sensitive arsehole, then, quickly, the point of the little dildo was probing, seeking entrance to my virgin hole. I tensed, and Susana gave me a hard slap across the buttock with the flat of her hand, telling me to relax, which somehow had just that effect, and I felt the alien object work its way up slowly but surely, thrusting into my narrow tube, past my reluctant sphincter. I cried out with pain, then knew that there was something else, some new sensation I couldn't describe, as Susana pushed the dildo deeper and deeper until I felt my very bowel invaded by it.

Then I heard a click and she was doing something else behind me. There was a puffing sound, and I felt the dido within me expand! 

'Oh! Oh! Susana, please! I can't take it. You'll kill me. Oh, please, oh, oh, oh!' I cried, and she had transferred her hand to my cunt.

'You're a little slut, Sylvia, aren't you?' she said, 'I do believe you've cum again!'

I sobbed, sobbed with the hurt of the name she had called me, of her opinion of me, then calmed myself when I realised she was kissing me all over, as I lay in her arms, with the little dildo still lodged up my arsehole, some of the air now let out.

I must have fallen asleep. When I awoke, Susana was sitting beside me, looking down at me, wearing a summer dress. 

'Get dressed, darling,' she said, 'you can leave your little yellow friend in place!' She waved the tube, with its bulb on the end in front of me, 'I've left just enough air in it to keep it up there.'

I put on a cotton print button-through dress and a pair of heels, so that I should more-or-less match Susana, and made up hurriedly so that I could join her on our next journey into town, acutely aware of the invasive dildo in my anus, and of my lack of panties.

'What are you trying to do to me?' I whispered, when we were sat together in the back seat of the car, her long-fingered hand on my knee. For answer, she ran her hand slowly up my thigh, causing a shiver to run right through me.

She showed me the other stores in her company during the rest of the day, but I had difficulty in concentrating, and Susana seemed to derive great amusement from my discomfort, several times deliberately stroking my arse as I stood beside her.

That evening we dined together, served by Adela, who was dressed in a black fishnet blouse, through which her breasts, hardly larger than Susana's, were clearly visible, and a layered white cotton miniskirt. When she bent down to serve at the table, her shaven pussy came into view, and I thought I caught a brief glint of silver somewhere. Did she have a piercing? When we had finished our meal, Susana said to me, 'You must be tired, Sylvia, but it's a day off tomorrow – off you go to your room, now!'

I couldn't believe my ears – I had been summarily dismissed!

I went up to my room, obediently enough, but was feeling quite sore, and when I heard footsteps on the stairs, I turned my light off and quietly opened my door just a chink, to peep out and see what I could. Susana and Adela were coming upstairs together! They went into Susana's room, across the corridor from mine, and closed the door. I listened intently at my door, still slightly ajar, but heard nothing. 

Just when I thought all was quiet, though, I heard a stifled scream, then another and another! Closing the door quietly, I went over to my bag, on the bedside table, and checked to see I had my credit cards. I resolved to go home in the morning, and cried myself to sleep.

Next morning, I was awakened by a knock on the door. Before I had chance to speak, in came Adela, wearing a little blue halter-necked sundress, and carrying a breakfast tray.

My lack of Spanish prevented me from catty questions about the night before, so I thanked her as coldly as I could, and accepted the tray. When she turned on her heel to walk out, however, I saw three livid red welts across her back, which her dress made no attempt to cover – it was almost as if she were proud of them. In fact, she turned as she reached my door, and smirked at me in a way which I could only describe as self –satisfied. I was almost too gobsmacked to eat the delicious breakfast which had been provided.

I showered and made up, dressed in a miniskirt and peasant blouse, brushed my hair, and went down to find Susana, determined to take my leave of her after last night's performance.

I found Susana in the lounge, draped over the big couch, in the most elegant long white silk nightdress, drinking coffee.

'Hello, darling!' she said, 'I do hope you slept well?'

I didn't know how to reply, and she knew, had known, the effect that her night with Adela would be bound to have on me. She laughed lightly.

'Come and sit by me, Sylvia, darling!'

In spite of myself, I did as she told me.

'I told you, I believe, that you have much to learn. And if you are prepared to do so, you will know pleasures you can never have dreamed of. I want you to be truly mine. I don't like the word "slave" and don't want to think of you as such, but it most nearly describes what you will be to me – if, of course, you agree to stay with me.'

'But.....but, Adela?' I asked.

'Adela is my maid,' she said, ' and will be yours too, to do with as you please. She is very obliging.'

'But you.....you punished her last night!'

'I whipped her, yes, as I do from time to time.'

My mouth opened and closed and nothing came out, and Susana slowly slid the hem of her nightgown up her long, slender legs, inviting me to stroke her silken thighs.

She opened her legs and placed a manicured hand down over her labia, then parted the lips with the first and third fingers, showing me the beauty of her pink slit, just waiting for my hungry tongue. My anger with her completely forgotten, I plunged my tongue into the warm, oozing depths of her cunt. 

She moaned, and said, 'In a day or two, I'll whip you, too, if you'd like me to.'

Forcing myself to pull out of her for just long enough to reply, I heard myself say, 'Oh yes, Susana, yes please!'  

What on earth had I just said? That was my first thought when Susana' slender hips bucked and heaved as grasped my hair painfully and gave a short cry from somewhere deep in her throat. But I concentrated on lapping her ample, sweet, musky juices, and put my own fate to the back of my mind.

Susana pulled me up to join her on the couch now, and kissed me tenderly.

'Don't worry about Adela, darling, and please on no account be jealous. She is just our servant – I will let you have her soon. Now kiss me, then let me go and change, and we shall go and have a picnic.' 

She left me practically gaping. In the last few minutes, I had not only agreed to be whipped, but the lady I had blithely accepted as my Mistress had offered to 'let me have' another young and beautiful woman. Just what had I got into? 

While I was still pondering the remarkable changes my life was undergoing, Susana reappeared, looking ravishing in a short white pleated tennis skirt and a sky-blue silk shirt, with a long string of pearls hanging around her elegant neck, and matching little ear-rings. She wore, for her, low heels, no more than a couple of inches.

'You look tremendous,' I told her, and she almost purred as we collected a hamper that Adela had prepared for us from the kitchen door.

We drove out to a riverside site Susana must have visited many times before, and sat in the shade of big, leafy poplars and eucalyptus trees as we enjoyed our picnic. All my resolve about going back to England was way behind me now, as I drank in the lovely Spanish warmth, Susana's intoxicating nearness, as we sat at the wooden table, and her soothing words, as she described gently to me what my life with her would become. 

When I tried to get her to be specific, she was always reluctant, repeating that I had much to learn, that the learning was the point in itself, and that I would experience pleasures I couldn't have dreamed of. The message was clear: I had to trust her, or go!

Go for it, girl, I thought! I remembered suddenly the awfulness of my marriage, and Susana, seeing the cloud pass over my face, put a hand on my knee, and slid it smoothly upwards.

I took her other hand, and held it to my cheek, accompanied by its whiff of Guerlain, and kissed the tips of her fingers.

The arrival of a noisy family put a stop to our idyll, and reluctantly we had to pack up the things and head for home.

'I think we'll go out for dinner tonight, darling,' said Susana, as we drove back into the heavy Madrid traffic, 'let's dress up, shall we?'

'What should I wear?' I fussed, as we sat naked around the pool, making the most of the late afternoon sunshine.

'Don't worry, I've got just the thing for you,' said Susana, 'I'll have Adela go and fetch it for you from my store-room. She'll need to help you dress anyway.'

'Please don't go to all that trouble, Susana – all those lovely things we bought, surely there's something that will do?'

'Wait and see, Sylvia,' she said, 'this is really special. If I'm right, you'll feel like you've never felt before.'

'What can be so special about a dress?' I asked, 'yes, I feel good in nice clothes, but there are limits.'

She looked at me oddly, as if trying to decide how much to say, then bit her lower lip and said, 'remember how you felt in the corset? That strange excitement, like when you wear very high, uncomfortably high, heels? The excitement that makes you wet? She ran her tongue around her luscious lips as she spoke, and her eyelids dropped a fraction.

She continued, 'Well, multiply it by ten, and you have an inkling how you may feel in this dress, knowing eyes are on you, but, above all, feeling your own sexuality. Wait and see!' I noticed her hand had strayed to her pussy as she spoke, and her mouth was open just enough for me to see the tip of her tongue. Involuntarily, my own hand took on a life of its own, as I watched my Mistress quietly masturbate, and found its inexorable way to my slit, which seemed to be perpetually damp. My clitoris was questing, waiting for my touch, and the merest flick of my finger brought an electric sensation to my innermost depths. I looked at Susana's slender body, at those erect nipples I loved so much, and she was watching me from under those hooded lids, just a few feet away, two fingers of one hand now deep into her vagina, the other hand stroking the sensitive area between her pussy and her anus. Suddenly, she closed her eyes, gave a little cry, and her whole body shook as she came.

The sight of her climaxing, just like that, was too much for me, too, and there was nothing I could do, even had I wanted to, to prevent a lovely, silken orgasm from carrying me away to paradise. 

I must have fallen asleep on the sun-lounger then, because the sun was distinctly lower in the sky when I felt a kiss on my forehead, and Susana threw a robe over me.

'Come on,' she said, 'time to get ready!'

I showered in a very leisurely fashion, took my time also about checking my whole body for any re-growth of hair to take off, and then sat down to attend to my hair and make-up. I wanted to be beautiful for my Mistress that evening. A knock on my door announced Adela, who had a heavy-looking dress over both arms, which she draped over the bed. I got up to have a look at it, and realised that Adela was appraising my naked body.

'Usted es muy guapa, señorita Sylvia!' she said, and I already knew enough Spanish to know she was paying me a complement. I smiled, and felt the dress she had laid down. It was of dark green satin, with black trim, but Adela gestured for me to stand still while she helped me on with it. I had a bit of a struggle to get into it, despite my relatively slim body, and the satin felt fantastic against my skin. It had long sleeves and a high neck, but the neckline took the form of a collar, from which the bodice, if such it could be called, was suspended, in two halves, to the waist, just covering my aureolas, so that the full swell of my breasts could be seen. But the skirt was the dress's most remarkable feature. Although it was tight as soon as I had stepped into it, and zipped it up, I hadn't understood the significance of the criss-cross black cord lacing all the way from waist to my calves. Now Adela attended to it, and systematically pulled the laces tight all the way down, so that I was now so tightly sheathed in satin that I could scarcely walk.

With a little difficulty I sat down on the bed, while Adela chose a pair of heels for me, and slipped them onto my feet. She also helped me pick out gold hoop ear-rings she thought would go with my outfit, and then left silently.

Looking at the clock on my bedside table, I saw that it was nearly time to go, and was suddenly eager for Susana to see me in the dress she had chosen for me.

I had to go downstairs sideways, and take tiny steps. When I got to the entrance hall, she was waiting for me. I had almost been expecting her to wear a dress like mine. But no, she wore a long, flowing brown silk backless gown – she looked like a princess.

'I....I thought...' I started.

'You thought I would wear something like you, didn't you, dear?' she said, kindly enough, 'but I don't have to, I'm your Mistress! Now come along, the taxi's waiting.'

In the taxi, she held my hand, and told me how proud she was going to be to show me off at her favourite restaurant.

When we arrived, she led me into the huge dining room, where mainly same-sex couples seemed to be sat, though there were some heterosexual couples too. As I tottered down the aisle between tables, I could feel eyes boring into me. The extreme restraint of the skirt, coupled with the heels, was like an aphrodisiac, and when we sat down, Susana said, 'You look flushed, darling!'

'I feel hot,' I said, and touched her hand on top of the table.

'I know, darling, and I forgot your little yellow friend tonight,' she said.

'Christ,' I said, 'If I'd had that in, as well as this skirt, I don't know how I'd have got here!'

We had an excellent meal, enjoying the very many envious glances in our direction, and afterwards had a smooch around the little dance floor in each other's arms, as I drank in Susana's warmth and womanly scent. After a while, I said, 'Sorry, Susana, but I've got to go!'

She looked at me and laughed, understanding that I needed a pee, and couldn't possibly get my skirt on and off unaided. She took me by the hand and led me to the ladies room, where she unlaced me, and helped me wriggle out of the skirt, in the confined space of a cubicle. When I sat down, with great relief, to let the yellow stream flood out, my Mistress amazed me by dropping to her knees in her gorgeous silk gown, and putting her had down between my legs, in the toilet bowl, to feel the hot stream of piss I was jetting out. Her hand travelled up to my soaking crack, and I loved the feel of her there, fondling me in my wetness, before she dried me with a paper towel.

'I love you, Susana,' I said, as she helped me back into the exciting restraint of my skirt.

She kissed me, letting her tongue linger in my mouth for a few seconds.

We danced, or at least smooched around on the floor, for a while longer, attracting a lot of envious looks from bystanders. Susana deliberately pushed my hands down so that they were on her buttocks, and I loved the liquid movement of them, knowing them to be naked under the soft, thin silk of her dress.

In the taxi, on the way home, she held my hand all the way, and once we were home she said, 'Would you like to sleep with me tonight, Sylvia?'

I needed no second invitation, and was only gone long enough to undress and put on a short black silk slip. But when I got back to my Mistress's bedroom, she had on an identical garment, and we giggled like two schoolgirls, before falling into her huge bed, and a loving embrace. We stroked and kissed each other to sleep, which came quickly, and were still entwined together when I awoke as daylight streamed through the shutters. 

I kissed my Mistress awake, and she smiled at me, saying, 'How lovely to be awoken like that!'

She pressed a buzzer beside the bed, and Adela knocked and entered within minutes. She seemed not at all surprised to find me there, and took our order for coffee, rolls and juice.

Later, when we had had breakfast, Susana told Adela to leave the tray alone a moment and come and beckoned to her to stand by the bed. I didn't catch what she asked her to do, but Adela put a slim, bare knee on the bed beside me, and raised her little black silk miniskirt so that I could see her shaven pussy, inches from my face. The silver ring I had glimpsed before was now revealed, dangling from her clitoris!

'There, darling,' said Susana, 'don't you think that looks perfectly heavenly?'

I was bound to agree - I found it extremely erotic, and said something to that effect. Adela started to lower her skirt, but Susana said, 'No, my dear, don't move for a moment!' She reached into her bedside cabinet and found a short chain of three silver links, one end of which was a spring-link. She turned to Adela and clipped the chain to her ring, saying something to her which again I failed to understand. The pretty maid walked self-consciously out of the room with the breakfast tray.

'What did you tell her?' I wanted to know.

'That, for the time being, she must wear the chain whenever she is in the house. I like it.'

She was silent for a while, as she pondered what to wear, then she turned to me and said, 'Sylvia, I wanted you to see Adela's ring because I want you to have one fitted. I think it would be very beautiful on you.'

I didn't know what to say. I'd actually thought about having my navel done in the past, but never got around to it. As for my clit!

'Wouldn't it hurt?' was all I could think off asking.

'Adela said it only hurt for a second or two, but it gave her a terrific orgasm as well.'

'I suppose if you want me to have it done..........'

'That's settled, then – and you can have a tongue-stud at the same time!'

'I.....I...!' I started to protest weakly, but she had already marched out of the room, and into her adjoining bathroom. I heard the shower running.

In no time at all, she was back, her hair soaking, enveloped in a white towelling robe.
