 I roamed the aisles in Cirilla's wondering what I should buy. I had an exact plan of what I wanted to do tonight, but before I went to the store I had to get what I needed here. Finally I found the restraints I wanted and got another little added bonus with them. I paid and swung by the store to get flowers and the food I would need to make us dinner tonight. 

Last time I was at Laurens I wore a low cut short dress. This time I wore her favorite dress. It was a soft black material, not really a fancy dress, but it was so low cut that I had to make sure to pull up my dress a couple times throughout the night. Tonight I wouldn't have to worry about that. In fact I wore this dress for the very reason that it was so low cut. I grabbed the flowers and the food and knocked on the door. She opened it and smiled. 

I would probably never get over her smile. I handed her the flowers and went inside. 

"I'm glad you're here, I'm starving." She grinned.

I began getting things out. I smiled to myself, "Hungry for what?" 

"You're such a smart ass. You know what I'm hungry for." Lauren walked up behind me and put her hands on my hips. 

I closed my eyes and breathed deeply, she unnerved the fuck out of me sometimes. She pressed herself against me and began to kiss my bare neck. I put my arms above my head and played with her hair. My lips were level with her ear and as she bit down I moaned softly. 

"If we start the night out like this you will not get food."

Lauren smiled, "You like to cook, and you can indulge me and cook at the same time right?"

I laughed at the challenge. "I told you I could take whatever you can dish out. Just keep up with me." I winked at her as I began to heat the oven and put the shredded pork in to keep it warm. Then I began to cut the steak into strips. 

"Mmmmm, tacos?" Lauren tightened her grip on my hips and I pressed myself back into her. She kissed the back of my neck and left to go put some music on. 

I caught my breath and was glad that I decided to not wear underwear again. As the music came on I started to concentrate more on getting dinner done. I swayed to the beat of the music and sautéed the steak and shrimp for the tacos. I felt her behind me again and as I cooked and pushed into her. She grabbed my hips again and I swayed in time to the beat. 

Finally I couldn't take anymore and I turned off the burner before turning around and kissing her. I ran my hands up her sides and around to her back. I massaged her back while kissing her. Her hands wandered behind me and she squeezed my ass. I moaned into her mouth and pressed my chest against hers. She sighed and moved one hand to my breasts. I gasped as she massaged my breast through the dress. 

I managed to squeak out that dinner was done. 

"Good, now I'm really hungry." She smiled again and we served ourselves. "So what's in that last bag?"

It was my turn to smile, "You'll find out later." 

We had about finished eating by then, and she got up to go see what was in the bag. I jumped up and intercepted her. "No no no no, you have to be patient and wait! I want dessert first." 

I grabbed the bag and her hand as I pulled her to the bedroom. She began to unbutton her shirt and I stopped her. The music was still going and I wanted this to be fun. I looped my arms around her neck and began to dance. She placed her hands on my ass and I grinded into her. I lead her to the bed and made her sit down. I slowly unbuttoned her shirt and kissed her neck. Once her shirt was undone I slide my hands down her arms and took off her shirt. 

My mouth found hers and we kissed as she untied my dress. It was on the floor before I could change positions, and she had my bra off in one move. This was the first time she had seen my breasts in person, without anything on. Last time we had just worked around my dress most of the night. My breasts are larger than average. So there I was standing in front of Lauren, who was still mostly dressed, and my breasts were so close to her mouth. 

As if she read my mind she bit down on my nipple and massaged the other one in her fingers. I moaned loudly (I am not quiet unless I absolutely have to be), "Fuck Lauren". 

"Yes please", she murmured it between flicking my nipple with her tongue.

I regained my composure and pulled away. "You want to see what's in that bag?" She smiled and lay back on the bed. I pulled the restraints out of the bag and slipped the "added bonus" secretly into my palm where she couldn't see. I kneeled over Lauren and took off her bra and slowly kissed each place of skin that became available. When I got to her nipple I took it into my mouth and gently bit down.

"Harder" 

I complied and bit down harder while rolling her other nipple between my fingers. I allowed my palm to tease her nipple, making it stiff and hard. I put my mouth on her hard nipple and bit and nibbled them as I teased the other nipple I had just released. I tied up each hand so she couldn't move. I had been tied up tons of times, but only tied someone else up a few times. 

I took my time kissing and nibbling down her body as my hands wandered down to slide off her pants. Now she lay completely bare in front of me. I straddled her leg and lay on top of her. My pussy was wet on her thigh as hers was on mine. I kissed her hard and passionately, making sure to put pressure on her wet pussy. I had stowed the little bullet vibrator I had bought under the blanket near the bottom of the bed. 

I kissed my way down her body and savored how her body felt and tasted. Soon I made my way down to her pussy and kissed her lips. I licked up and down beside her clit, teasing her as much as I could. She moaned above me and I glanced up and watched her as I put her clit in my mouth and sucked on it, I flicked her hard clit with my tongue. I sucked and licked her clit harder and harder until her body tensed and I could tell she was close. As she came I licked up every drop of her, and kept licking until she relaxed. As her body relaxed, I began to play with her again. 

After cumming she was already wet and slick inside. I put one finger inside of her and began to explore every inch of her. I put another finger inside of her and grabbed the bullet vibrator I had bought. I turned it on and rubbed it up and down her clit as I pushed a third finger inside of her. By now she was dripping and I started to fuck her hard. Her pussy began to tighten and I knew I didn't have long. I slowed down. As she looked at me to see why, I put the bullet into my mouth and got it wet and slippery. I began to fuck her again with my fingers inside of her. I began to fuck her faster, my pussy was getting wetter as I felt her pussy start to tighten around me again. I made sure one more time that the bullet was wet and slippery. I continued to fuck her with my fingers as I lay down and pushed her legs up more. Her legs went up more and gave me the access I wanted. 

I slipped my tongue around her ass and began to feel her body respond. The bullet was small, maybe the size of my thumb, and I gently pushed the bullet into her ass as turned the vibration back on. I turned it and let it vibrate as I pulled my fingers in and out of her. I pulled the bullet in and out slowly while fucking her pussy harder and harder. She came again hard, and kept cumming for what felt like minutes. 

I turned off the bullet and cleaned off my fingers with my tongue. Loving how sweet she tasted. I leaned up and undid her restraints to allow her to have control over her arms again. I kissed her and smiled as I cuddled next to her and she fell asleep. I knew that she would wake up and we would fuck the night away. But for now this was nice, and I snuggled next to her and thought of what else I could do with the new toys I had bought.