 This isn't a true story (yet) and follows from a conversation I have had, (and am having) with a wonderful friend. Hope it comes out right.

* * * * * 

"Julie can I ask you a personal question?" said Christine as she gently massaged the sun cream into Julie's back.

"Hon, with hands like that you can ask me anything you like," purred Julie enjoying the strong fingers working her muscles as Christine massaged the sun cream into her back.

Julie and Christine were neighbours and had really hit it off since Christine had moved to England on a temporary assignment from her American parent. They spent a lot of weekends in each others company laughing and joking about Christine trying to understand the everyday phrases and customs in the sleepy Lincolnshire village where they lived. About the same age, they enjoyed relaxing on a Sunday round Julie's pool. For Christine it was nice to take a break from the pressures of setting up a new IT system for the UK Company her parent company in America had bought, for Julie it was nice to have a neighbour who bought a breath of fresh air with her bubbly personality.

It was one of those rare English days where the sun was actually hot enough for sunbathing although still a little chilly for Christine who was used to the strong Californian sun. As usual the day had started with the two women enjoying a light lunch together as Julie's partner was away 'doing his thing' as Julie would call it followed by a bottle of wine. They now sat around the pool topless and Julie had asked Christine to run some sun tan lotion into her back.

Christine had jumped at the chance to touch Julie, as although she had never mentioned it, Christine had been a lesbian for as long as she could remember and had a crush on Julie. Some nights after they had been out having fits of giggles as Julie tried to teach her darts Christine would lie in her bed and rub herself to an orgasm imagining it was Julie's fingers. Christine was concerned that any actions on her part might spoil their friendship as Julie lived with a guy and was probably straight.

"Julie," Christine murmured as she felt herself getting aroused touching Julie's skin, "I need to ask you something but before I do you need to know what I am."

"Oh My god," Julie giggled as she put on her best deep south American accent, "Don't cha tell me you are a good ole Yankee gal," and then dissolved into a fit of giggles.

"No," said Christine, "Well yes actually but that isn't what I wanted to tell you."

"Well spit it out," Julie laughed still face down.

"I am a lesbian," Christine blurted out waiting for Julie's reaction.

Julie rolled over onto her back and looked Christine straight in the face. Christine tried to return her gaze but couldn't help staring at Julie's full breasts and her nipples that were standing hard. "I thought you would never admit it," Julie laughed, "Do you think I am totally straight? I have seen they way you look at me sometimes, don't you think I have teased you to see if you would make a move?"

Christine didn't know whether to laugh, cry or get angry instead with a big smile on her face said, "You little minx," and as she said that tipped Julie into the pool.

Julie came spluttering to the surface and swept her long hair back over her head before putting her hands on the side of the pool and lifting herself up in a fluid movement.

Looking Christine full in the eyes again Julie held out a hand to Christine's breast and slowly circled her nipple with her finger. "Do you want to know something Christine?" Julie murmured as she played her finger across Christine's nipple.

"What?" murmured Christine as she closed her eyes enjoying the touch she had dreamed about since moving in.

"If I am wet so should you be." Julie said laughingly as she tweaked Christine's nipple.

The sentiment behind the comment dawned on Christine and her eyes flew open but it was too late as she felt Julie's arms wrap round her and push her flying into the pool. The water hit Christine with a shock and as she surfaced Julie was still pressed closely to her. As she cleared her eyes Julie moved her hair from her eyes before kissing her full on the lips.

Christine moaned softly and returned the kiss with passion, their tongues darting into each others mouths. Christine's was glad Julie's pool wasn't that deep as she was sure they would have both drowned if they hadn't both been able to stand on tiptoes and just keep their heads above water.

As they traded kisses and their tongues explored each others mouths Christine felt the strings holding her bikini bottoms being tugged and kicked her legs to free them from her body as they fell away. Christine reached blindly to return the favour and was surprised yet delighted to find that somehow Julie was already naked. Unable to see Christine could only explore with her fingers Julie's secret places and as she suspected Julie was shaved bald.

As her finger sought Julie's clit she moaned as Julie found hers and began to manipulate her with firm steady touches. Christine returned the favour and found her finger being sucked into the warmth of Julie pussy and slid her finger deep. The two women were locked in this embrace fingering each other gently when Julie broke their kiss and whispered, "we could drown if we aren't careful."

Giggling the two women swam to the side and as Christine climbed the ladder to exit the pool she gasped as Julie pushed a finger deep into her pussy. Christine stood frozen for a moment allowing Julie full access before stepping out of the pool and grabbed a towel.

The two women stopped every so often and kissed as they made their way towards the house the towels absorbing most of the excess moisture form their bodies. As they reached the kitchen Julie stopped and dropped the damp towel to the floor and Christine did the same. For a moment you could have cut the sexual tension between them with a knife and the both stepped forward at the same time. 

Christine could almost feel the sparks as their lips touched and their teeth clashed slightly as they kissed passionately. Christine broke the kiss and cupped Julie's breast as she murmured softly, 

"You don't know how long I have dreamed of this moment."

"Silly girl," Julie whispered as she rolled Christine's nipple between her finger and thumb, "You should have said."

Hand in hand the two women made their way to the bed before collapsing onto it. Naturally they seemed to fall into a 69 position and Christine was unsure if she should take the upper or lower position. Her question was answered as Julie rolled on top of her and buried her head between Christine's thighs. It only took a few seconds for Christine to register that this wasn't the first time Julie had down this as she felt a skilled and practised tongue delve deep inside her pussy.

Eager to return the favour Christine lifted her head slightly and inhaled the wonderful aroma of Julie's sex before running her tongue along her pussy lips savouring that first taste. Christine moaned into Julie's pussy as she felt her tongue probing licking and lapping at her lips and clit. Determined to return the favour Christine started to lick deeply. 

Christine though her head would truly come off when she felt Julie suck her clit into her hungry mouth and started to suckle on it. Christine returned the favour and then couldn't help biting down as she felt the clamp of Julie's teeth on her engorged clit. Christine felt her orgasm build and as she started to climax she felt Julie's body tense and then her pussy flood into her mouth. As Christine tasted and swallowed the torrent of juices her own orgasm burst and she knew that Julie would be as equally rewarded.

A few minutes later when both had caught their breath and were laying in each others arms idly kissing and caressing each others bodies Julie whispered "so what was this question you wanted to ask me?"

"Does it hurt?" Christine blurted out

"Does what hurt?" Julie asked with curiosity in her voice.

"Anal sex," Christine blushed in reply.

Julie remembered how a few weeks before after a few drinks Christine had sat there open mouthed when Julie had described graphically how she loved anal sex with her boyfriend. At the time Julie had put down her open mouth to shock rather than curiosity.

"Do you mean you have never tried?" Julie asked a note of mischievousness creeping into her voice

"Never," stammered Christine blushing an even deeper crimson,"but I want to."

Julie laughed as she said, "So you want me to set you up with JJ?"

"Oh my god no," Christine responded looking shocked, "he is a man."

"Oh my," Julie smiled wickedly, "You want me to fuck your ass don't you?"

"Yes," stammered Christine not sure whether to run away or wait and see what would happen.

Julie leant over and cupped Christine's face in her hands and kissed her tenderly before saying, "I will be gentle baby don't worry."

With that Julie rolled Christine onto all fours with her ass sticking high in the air. Julie knelt behind her and ran her fingers over Christine's firm ass. Delighting in the way she trembled Julie poked out her tongue and delicately ran it across Christine's anal star. Then concentrating on the opening Julie began to probe gently with her tongue. 

"Relax baby," Julie cooed as she continued her steady probing at the same time reaching under and gently massaging Christine's swollen clit.

"Mmmmm that feels good," Christine murmured sticking her ass further out to receive the delights that Julie was giving her. 

Julie worked her tongue deeper and deeper until she could feel the tightness of Christine's ass clamping around her tongue as she pushed in. "I wan't to see you," Christine mumbled from her position and Julie rolled her over pushing pillows under her back to raise her up.

Julie reached out to the bedside table and grabbed the gel and squirted a large blob onto her fingers. The leaning forward began to lap delicately at Christine's clit as she probed with her fingers.

Christine savoured the sensations rushing through her brain and she enjoyed Julie's tongue and the probing of her fingers. She caressed Julie's hair and every so often gripped as she felt Julie's fingers probe her virgin ass. 

"I have never had more than a finger in there," Christine groaned huskily 

"Guess what baby," Julie mumbled, her head buried between Christmas's thighs, "There are two fingers buried deep right now."

Christine let out a long groan of sexually charged pleasure before tugging Julie's head up so she could look at her. "Fuck me darling, take my ass please," She moaned her eyes ablaze with lust.

Julie moved away from Christine's body and Christine couldn't help but torch herself and continue the sensations that Julie's tongue had given her. Opening her eyes Christine saw that Julie had fastened on a strapon with a long thin dildo attachment. If this was for her pussy Christine would have been hard pushed not to have expressed her disappointment at the size but knowing it was for her ass she was grateful it was only 6 inches.

Lovingly Julie lifted Christine's legs until they rested on her shoulders and held her body poised between Christine's legs. Christine could feel the head of the dildo touch her ass and she couldn't help but tense. "Relax," Julie purred as she started to rub Christine's clit with her thumb and before Christine could register the head slipped into her ass.

Christine's eyes shot wide open as she felt the initial burning pain and her breaths started to come in short pants. Julie waited patiently waiting for Christine to relax before increasing the pressure and letting another inch slip inside. Christine's brain didn't register that Julie was supporting her full body weight on her arms and holding rigid so as to allow Christine's ass to adjust before slowly sliding the dildo a little deeper.

"Fuckkkkkkk," Christine groaned her nail raking into Julie's back as she felt her ass was on fire. 

Again Julie waited before finally moving her hips and their tummies touched. 

"That feels .....," Christine was lost for words as she tried to reconcile the feelings of both pain and pleasure spreading from her ass.

"Amazing?" Julie finished the sentence for her before slowly starting to move her hips.

Christine found the initial burning sensation had gone to be replaced with a feeling of fullness that she had never experienced before. Christine felt herself relax as Julie began a slow steady movement of her hips fucking the strapon slowly in and out of her ass.

Julie bent her head and kissed Christine deeply and smiled to herself as she felt Christine's teeth graze lightly on her bottom lip. As Julie started to increase the pace she felt Christine slip her hand between their bodies and start to work on her clit. As Christine worked her hand faster and faster Julie increased the speed of her strokes and was soon rewarded with Christine's eyes flying wide open as her orgasm rushed through her body.

Julie slowed until she was resting on Christine's breasts, both of their bodies slick with sweat.

"Oh thank you," murmured Christine kissing Julie's face as she felt the throbbing in her ass.

"Well you are not a virgin any more," said Julie returning the kiss, "and next time maybe we can reverse the positions."