 Alana's hands skimmed over her smooth skin, following the gentle curves and contours of her body. She shivered as she touched her inner thighs, moving them apart under the covers, then sliding one hand up to her shaven pussy. As she began stroking her clit, feeling the sensation of pleasure, she thought, 'Damn, I wasn't going to do this'. Rick, her husband, had left for work and she was alone, to entice herself with vivid sexual fantasies. Not that the sex life she shared with Rick was in any way boring, quite the contrary, they had a great sex life. But Alana had always secretly wanted a female lover, a desire she repressed, restricting it to sessions of solo masturbation.

She loved the feeling of stroking her clit, especially since she started shaving the area which she found heightened the sensation. Oral sex had never been better, Rick had always been attentive and patient, but it now seemed easier for his tongue to find all the right places. Alana's mind wandered, blurring reality into fantasy, where her deepest desire could be fulfilled. 

Alana moaned softly as she felt the warmth of a woman's soft tongue lave over her clit. Her dream lover knew the right pressure, the right intensity. She shook her head, giving in to that feeling, so wonderful, being driven by the attention of her skillful companion. Lifting her head slightly she saw piercing eyes staring at her, the long slender tongue probing and flicking relentlessly. She arched her back and cried out as an intense climax engulfed her. Her pussy contracted, one massive spasm, driving a stream of hot juices onto the sheets beneath her. She withdrew her hand, her clit becoming too sensitive to the stimulation. 

As her eyes began to focus, her level of consciousness returning, Alana lay motionless, the quiet and stillness of the spring morning only then apparent to her. 'Would she ever act upon her fantasy if given a chance?' She dismissed the thought, yet smiled as she pulled the covers over her and drifted off to sleep. 

