 We were recapping our night of clubbing; she was sitting on the hood of her 1963 Mercury Comet at the top of a parking garage, her legs hanging off the edge of the car. I rested my hands on her thighs. While she told me about the songs she hated I inched my hands up further under her skirt, working in toward her sweet spot. I felt up her leg until I got to her pantyline, but I didn't feel panties. I stopped nodding, broke our eye contact and looked down at her legs. When I looked back into her eyes, she was no longer talking: Her mouth was still, in a small smile.

"You've had this secret all night?!" I demanded.

"I've been waiting for you to notice," she said with a grin. "You came so close on the dance floor." I'd been wanting her all night, but now I had to have her. I moved my fingers to her opening, coating my fingertips in her wetness then started rubbing her clit, my finger easily sliding over it. She started grinding against my palm. I did this for a few moments, then pulled my hand away quickly and watched her face; she was flushed and seemed frustrated.

I took the fingers that I played with her with and licked them, staring her straight in the eyes. She licked her lips, them nibbled on them. She leaned forward to kiss me and I felt up her leg generously, not caring if I was putting her pussy on display. I felt the heat of her as she moaned between kisses. I grabbed her ass as my tongue moved into her mouth. I could feel the hot metal of the hood underneath her getting damp.

I backed off her and she slid off the hood, opened up the car door for me and put the roof back. I turned on some Tegan and Sara. It was dark out and we looked up to see the stars. I wanted to fuck her right then. I turned the stereo down a little and stood to kiss her. She was leaning against the open door biting her lip and gazing into the sky. I stared at her in the moonlight feeling cheesy, but mesmerized.

She looked down at me half in and half out of my seat, watching her. She bent down the rest of the way to kiss me, her lips wet and hot on mine. Pushing me back down into my seat, straddling me in the process she ran her fingers through my hair. With one of her tiny hands she grabbed both my wrists and pulled them above my head. While making me handsfree, she began grinding on my midriff and my crotch. Feeling her wetness on me made me moan. She kept using my body to rub against, but I wanted to be the one to get her off so I bucked up and kissed her neck, her weakness. I felt her grip on me loosen as she leaned into my lips. I pushed her back against the steering wheel, making her hips at the perfect angle for me to see her gorgeous cunt. If only I had a strap on I would've loved to fuck her that way, making her scream for me, but I had to stick to what I know.

I peeled her shirt off, then her bra, wanting her fully naked on top of me. I slipped a finger in her, and then another. I put my thumb on her clit and started working her. She laid back in the steering wheel, arching her back as I entered her with each thrust of my hand.

"You like that don't you? Be loud for me, scream for me to go deeper" I leaned into her and whispered. I had a handful of breast and a hand on her mound. I pinched her nipples then replaced my fingers with my mouth, lightly sucking and biting her. I took my mouth off her, mumbling filthy things as she began grinding into my now three fingers inside her. My thumb was rubbing and toying with her slowly but deliberately when she started moaning and finally asking for me to fuck her harder.

"Let the world hear that" I said, stopping my movements.

Staring at me, her chest went from heavy panting to nothing. Then with her eyes closed she threw her head back and yelled "fuck me damnit!" I thrust all three fingers deep into her cunt, harder and rougher than before. She bucked against me, grinding into me. I moved my other hand from her hips, licked my fingers, and rubbed her clit. Her breathing got louder and little moans escaped from her lips. She stopped biting her lips and started her orgasmic dirty talk.

"Fuck, don't stop. I love how you feel inside me. I want you. Do you feel how wet I am for you? Fuck me harder, harder!" I pushed my fingers further in her, trying to fill her up as she moaned "I'm cumming!" I felt her pussy muscles contract around my fingers multiple times as her body jerked against me.

Slowly I pulled out of her, watching her enjoy the aftershock. She grabbed my wrist and sucked her juices off my fingers.

"Now it's your turn" she said breathily.