 Kim carefully pulled up the driveway.

Stepping out of the car she tried as hard as she could to close the door quietly. She walked up the short cobbled path that led to the front door of the house, with her keys at the ready.

She slid her key in, turned it quickly and rotated the door handle as slowly as possible. 

Taking stealth like steps into the hall way she turned around to close the door behind her with as much silence as she could control.

The smell of chocolate wafted around the room, making it sweet and inviting.

Kim saw her lover from the living room standing at the kitchen table with her back to her. She started to walk through the living room, every step eased with as little pressure as possible.

Heading towards the kitchen she let her mind race with all the imaginary thoughts that she wished to turn into a reality. 

She came up behind her lover and wrapped her arms around the woman's firm waist, rests her chin on her shoulder and kissed her neck softy.

The smell of her lover's hair hit her, the scent of apricots and honey filtered their way into her senses. She breathed it in, loving the fragrance.

"Looks good" Kim whispered, meaning both the mixture in the bowl and the woman in her arms.

"What are you making?" Kim asked.

"You have such a bad memory, it's for the charity run tomorrow they are having stalls remember" replied Shannon, rolling her eyes in exasperation.

"I remembered, I just didn't think we were taking something homemade" says Kim expressing a slight frown.

"Good job someone around here thinks for you then". 

Kim shrugged and decided to change the subject "You know i could have been an intruder and you wouldn't have heard".

"That's because I knew it was you, I heard your car pull up".

"Damn" Kim thought. 

"I'll have to leave it in another street so I don't get busted next time" realizing she had said it out loud before she could stop herself.

"Now you know trying to think smart always lands you in trouble" replied Shannon with an unsuppressed giggle.

"I've been pretty much in trouble since the day I met you" said Kim while turning Shannon around to face her.

"That's true, but you like the kind of trouble I bring to your life" stated Shannon with a confident tone.

Kim pulled her near, and could think of no excuse that was good enough to object to her lover's remark. So instead she took the next best action, and quickly stole the chance to kiss her lover.

They both got lost in the moment, the gentle pressure of their warm soft lips engaging in a dance of pleasure. 

Kim guided her hands over Shannon's back, and the kiss got deeper. The tension became denser between their bodies. 

The kiss flowed over into the rest of their bodies, the desire being absorbed into their body temperatures and heart rate. It enveloped them, and the strength that came from it made neither of them want to break free.

Kim pulled Shannon even closer wishing the clothes they wore were not an obstruction.

She began to part Shannon's lips with her tongue, an action that is met with no resistance.

As if by the very last will of Shannon's consciousness she dropped the stirring spoon on the floor, unable to resist the need to respond to her lover.

A swift change occurred as they started to develop a need to go with the desire that is now ready to take over both of them.

Unable to stop their hands from exploring, the kiss was sending them to dizzy heights.

Shannon finally willed herself to break of the bliss they were both giving each other.

Kim looked at her with what could only be described as shear wickedness and lust.

She lifted Shannon and perched her on the end of the table. 

Kim stood right in front of her.

Shannon wrapped her legs around Kim's waist trapping her.

"Try to get out of that" Shannon said all smug.

"I don't want to get out of this, anyway it seems like you are the one who's in a more compromising position right now" Kim countered.

"Oh really and how do you figure that out when I have you clamped here between my legs".

The exchange of words was teasing, the potency in their daring nature very clear.

"Well I can do all sorts of things to you with my hands for starters, like this" said Kim.

She began to glide her hands along her lover's bare thighs, moving slowly towards the ragged edge of the faded blue denim shorts, only stopping when her fingers are restricted and can move no further.

"How frustrating" Shannon mocked.

Kim fingers change direction, she began to unbutton the lower three buttons on Shannon's shirt.

Her fingers felt the change in temperature from the cool cotton to the warmth of Shannon's smooth skin. The feeling was so tantalising that Kim's hands willed themselves to do some further exploration.

She felt Shannon's breath on her face, sweet with smell of chocolate.

"Just what do you think you are trying to achieve?" Shannon questioned.

Kim looked at her and thought for a split second.

"Whatever I feel like" and with that the challenge was set.

Her fingertips traced a circle over Shannon's stomach, and then changed direction moving towards her upper abs.

Shannon decided at least for the moment to let her lover have her fun. She grasped the edge of the table and relaxed her posture.

Kim moved her one hand down again, then gave a playful tug at the top of Shannon's shorts, moving her fingers over the metal button she quickly flipped it out of the hole that held it.

Shannon released a breath sharply, knowing that this will only play into Kim's hands even more.

Trying to sound steady and casual Shannon leaned forward and whispered in Kim's ear "You know that mixture is going to be ruined if it's left much longer".

"Well we better not waste it then" replied Kim with one raised eyebrow and a deliciously wicked grin.

Kim leaned over to the mixing bowl and scooped some of the smooth chocolate mixture onto her index finger. 

She wiggled it about in front of Shannon's face with a teasing expression "Now I wonder what I should do with this" her look turning more menacing.

Shannon bit her lip thinking "I know a hundred things you can do with that and not one involves anything to do with cooking".

Her facial expression portraying a thoughtful look as if to suggest she had an idea, but instead she stayed silent.

"So do you have any suggestions?" Kim asked.

"Now that would be telling, not to mention encouraging you" replied Shannon with a sweet and sincere smile.

"You know how it turns me all weak when you smile like that". It was the very same smile that had sent Kim reeling the very first time she had laid eyes on Shannon.

"Yeah and that's why I do it" Shannon teased.

Kim didn't need anymore encouragement; she pulled the bottom of Shannon's shirt open again and began painting the warm chocolate onto her stomach, applying it in generous amounts. 

The temperature warmed Shannon's skin and it felt wonderful.

The smell and sensation made her senses tap into a whole new dimension of awareness. 

Giving a gentle sigh she began to immerse herself into the experience.

Kim's fingers engaged in an almost ritual like procedure, like a tribal person face painting. Again she took the mixing bowl and dipped her finger in. 

Quickly she raised it over Shannon's navel; the smooth warm chocolate ran down into the target below sending a glow of heat that penetrated beyond the skin.

Kim let the last few drops fall around the outside of Shannon's navel and proceeded to paint it into an inward spiral. 

Shannon felt her lover's fingers swirl the slick mixture on her skin, and with every touch her senses screamed for more.

Kim finished with one last stroke and broke the contact of her fingers on Shannon's skin. She looked up again at Shannon's face, her chestnut eyes shone back with a dazzling sparkle.

Keeping her gaze on Shannon, Kim raised her index finger to her own lips and slowly sucked the remaining chocolate off.

An expression of glee immediately apparent on her face, but the look was there only for split second then gone. 

Her focus sharply went back to the navel full of chocolate; she bent down and formed a point at the end of her tongue. 

She dipped it into Shannon's navel making the fluid ooze out over the top.

Straightening up again she pulled Shannon close, and kissed her with a tenderness that already at this point required magnitudes of self control.

"You taste good" Shannon hummed.

"I can tell you what else would taste good with this on it" replied Kim with an instant grin.

Shannon didn't have time to react as Kim began to kiss her neck, sending Shannon into a spiral of frustration and elation both at the same time.

"I've been thinking about you all day" Kim whispered to her.

Shannon could only reply in a teasing voice "I kind of guessed that, but what are we going to do about this chocolate, it's going to go hard".

"Yeah, and I know something else that is doing the same way to" Kim whispered in her ear as her fingertips slid up Shannon's cotton shirt and over her now firming nipples.

Shannon responded with a quick low moan.

Kim started to unbutton the rest of her lover's shirt, trying to take her time when all she wanted to do was pounce like a hunting animal.

She knew Shannon was already aroused, and this powerful detail was enough to make her want to please her lover with every ounce of patience and control she possessed.

Shannon steadied herself, feeling Kim's short hair tickle her neck as her kisses begin to travel towards her face.

Kim pulled away and they stayed still for a moment, both in a silent trust. Shannon loved the way Kim looked at her with appreciation and territorial dominance. 

Shannon tugged Kim's shirt out of the top of her black pants, mirroring the fingers of her lover's motions.

Kim knew Shannon was giving her the sign to stop messing around and to quicken the pace.

"You know what I have to do now don't you" Kim stated.

"Get some more chocolate?" replied Shannon questionably.

Kim's briefly kissed Shannon's chin "No I have to get you clean".

Kim moved down and began kissing Shannon's collar bone while her fingertips found their way to her lovers breasts, her thumb circling around the outside her left nipple. 

"I see you must have been expecting me, seeing as you have no bra on" Kim's satisfaction was evident. 

"It was too hot to feel restricted".

"And how do you feel now?" Kim murmured.

Kim traced her thumb over her lovers nipple, her other hand copied the motion on Shannon's other breast. She kissed the middle of her chest bone and down between the terrain that peaked either side.

Shannon let her hands drift through Kim's short hair, wanting her with a need that still surprised and delighted her even after all this time.

Kim's fingers stroked the under side of her lovers breasts, while her kisses traced a path down towards her stomach. She took a small lick of chocolate with the end of her tongue, and brought it up to Shannon's left nipple. 

She swirled it around and over the top of her lover's nipple, an action that made it jut out more boldly than before.

A quick hiss and subdued moan escaped Shannon's lips; her fingers began to rake through Kim's hair with more roughness.

Kim retreated again to her lover's stomach, still playing with her lover's nipples, teasing them with a quick strum and gentle pinch.

Again she brought up more chocolate on her tongue, but proceeded this time to lavish attention on Shannon's right nipple.

"You're driving me crazy" Shannon said hardly able to find breath for the words. 

Although she loved this worshipped attention she just wanted Kim to devour her right now.

Kim picked up the signals her lover was sending her, they were perfectly clear but she wanted to make Shannon wait, to get her so delirious that she thought she was in another world.

Attention to detail was required and Kim was going to give to Shannon one hundred percent.

She continued to tease both of Shannon's nipples, swirling the tip of her tongue over them, and sucking on them until Shannon was begging her to bite them.

Kim obliged her lover's need.

Shannon now projected a much louder hiss into the air.

Shannon could feel her unconscious body movements, her hips pushing up towards Kim wanting some kind of relief to this torture.

Kim pushed Shannon's hips down, a motion which produced a frustrated moan from her lover.

Shannon reclined herself onto her elbows so she could at least see her lover.

Kim again bit on Shannon's nipples, a signal that she wasn't going to let her lover have things so easy if she started to get too impatient.

Kim had already decided that her lover's breasts had received more than enough attention for now, so she began to kiss slowly down her midriff caressing the sides of Shannon's ribcage and waist with her fingers. 

As she moved down with every kiss she would gently swirl her fingers over her lovers skin, a touch so feather light that it made Shannon's stomach tremble. 

Shannon's breathing had deepened, and her subdued moans projected a stronger tone to them, encouraging Kim on.

Kim knew the time was overdue, but still wanted both of them to savour the experience.

She kissed her way around the chocolate, around her navel and lower still.

Shannon's raised her hips, her bare skin touching her lovers chin. 

Kim kissed along Shannon's skin just above the waistband of her shorts.

With Shannon's already unbuttoned shorts Kim grabbed each side of the material by the zipper with her teeth, and tugged them to the sides as much as they would go.

At this point Shannon could only let herself go, even though the wait was driving her crazy. 

She could feel the warm skin of Kim's bare upper torso touch her legs, and although she would have loved to touch her Kim's warm flesh right now she wanted her lovers touch on her more.

Kim kissed the warm flesh that lay in front of her, her hands grabbed hold of the Shannon's waistband.

She pulled the shorts down enough so she could see the beginning of the hollows where Shannon's legs joined her pelvis.

She could smell the wonderful sweet aroma that was released by the restricting garment.

The smell only gave her more encouragement to prolong the moment that Shannon wished so desperately would arrive.

Shannon heard Kim inhale, one deep breath with a throaty moan released momentarily.

Kim looked up at Shannon and gave her the most devastating wicked grin. She moved her hands up to Shannon's stomach again, and took some more chocolate with her fingers. The chocolate had begun to thicken and oozed between her fingertips, but the heat from them was rapid enough to make it more pliable again. 

She spread it into the hollows she had just uncovered, the heat of Shannon's body made it trickle down the shallow crevice.

Shannon felt it slowly working its way down, teasing and caressing her skin as it did so. Then came another sensation, and in an instant she knew exactly what it was.

Kim began licking the chocolate off, racing with the trickle and heading it off before the destined path was taken away from her vision. She swiftly went to the other side and stopped the trickle straight in its track, and with one slow upwards stroke of her tongue she licked the chocolate away.

A satisfied sigh passed Kim's lips.

The smell had now become irresistible. Shannon's own fragrance and the chocolate was enough to send even Kim into state of unquenchable desire.

Shannon could only think of one thing to say.

"Please" she said to Kim, the strain in her voice apparent, her wishes conveyed more in that one word than a thousand words put together.

Kim quickly pulled down her shorts and sent them flying to the other side of the room. 

The full extent of Shannon's fragrance formed an invisible plume right in front of her face. 

The intoxicating smell overwhelmed Kim's senses.

A sexual charge now totally consumed the atmosphere.

Kim knelt down on one knee, grabbed the bowl of chocolate in both hands.

Shannon looked at her with bated breath, wondering what her lover would do next. 

Kim looked down into the bowl and two of her fingers followed the direction of her vision. 

She slowly slid the fingers into the chocolate.

Shannon watched the action, noting how her lover was watching her on purpose as she did it. She loved being teased, but this was getting frustrating. 

Shannon's eyes expressed a pleading request to Kim that said "Please don't stop".

Shannon asked herself "Kim couldn't be so cruel could she?" to make her wait any longer.

Kim looked at her lover's naked mound, bare and smooth, so alluring that for a moment she forgot about the chocolate on her fingers. 

She began to rub her fingers and thumb together, working the chocolate out of its paste like form and into a more liquid texture.

She gently kissed Shannon's flesh, smelling her intensity so close was making it torture for her levels of self control. She kissed all the way down one side of Shannon's gorgeous womanly shape, and then crossed over to go up the other side, intentionally missing her most erogenous zone. As she got back up to the top she gave one quick kiss at the beginning of Shannon's closed slit.

Shannon held her breath again, waiting and wishing with all her inner strength that Kim wouldn't divert her attention to somewhere else on her body. 

The chocolate was now threatening to run off Kim's fingers, she had to act fast or the moment wouldn't be how she wanted it to be.

She narrowed her tongue and guided it down into the slit; it opened like a budding flower that waits only for the sun. 

Shannon gave a long exasperated moan, portraying her pent up longing. With this one touch her lover sent currents of desire and an overwhelming need to have her inside her. 

She pushed against Kim's tongue trying to move her hips up so Kim's tongue would slide down further.

Kim felt her lover move and repositioned herself accordingly; she tasted the warm flesh and the droplets that had formed in the state of Shannon's arousal. 

Kim widened her tongue again to its normal form, and placed her coated chocolate fingers at the top of the Shannon's slit.

The warmed fluid gracefully made its way down, covering most of Shannon's raspberry coloured inner flesh as it descended, with only the sides showing any of the original colour.

Shannon felt the warmth sliding down, she gave a high gasp as it made contact with her swollen bud, her excitement growing more and her moans became increasingly more audible as it made its way down to the entrance of her beautifully formed vessel. 

Kim waited, taking in all the actions and sounds of her lover, all the time keeping her eye on the flowing liquid. She leaned forward waiting for the chocolate to reach Shannon's entrance.

It slid down and pooled there, waiting to be drawn in.

The sensation made Shannon jolt as it touched the bottom of her entrance.

"What else could this woman do, she's driving me insane" Shannon was screaming to herself.

Kim made her tongue into a pointed spoon like shape and took the chocolate onto her tongue. As she did so she made sure to purposely make firm contact with her lover's entrance.

Shannon pushed forward again, wanting her lover to stop teasing, to forge ahead with conviction.

"Damn it Kim, I need you now" she wined.

Kim took this information and her reaction was quick, she forcefully pressed her tongue against Shannon's entrance and swirled it around the rim, doing this twice she then narrowed her tongue to make it more rigid and pushed it a fraction into her lover's ever increasingly wet entrance.

She kept the depth shallow but worked her tongue in widening circles, stretching Shannon's wet soft opening with every circle that was made.
