 Dana kneeled on the bed with her face resting on the feather pillow, her blue tee-shirt sliding down her flawless back. She slid the ice cube up and down her ass crack, her body heat melting it and letting it drip down to her hairless puss and letting it run down her smooth thighs. Her hands were slippery with the water. She pushed the shrinking ice cube into her asshole and used her well used anal muscles to expel it smoothly back into her hand. She had given herself an enema earlier so she was very clean. She cupped the ice cube in her palm and rubbed it up and down her glistening, pink slit. The heat from her pussy melting the ice cube even more. She pushed the cold phallus into her hot puss and her breath caught in her lungs from the sweet sensations. Dana then pushed two well manicured fingers into her hot/cold puss and began fingering slowly while pushing the ice cube deeper inside of her until it bottomed out at her cervix. She brought her wet fingers to her lips and tasted the water and her sticky juices. The cold inside made her convulse several times. 

She reached over into the ice bucket beside the bed for the umpteenth time that morning for yet another cube. This time she rolled the ice cube back and forth over her taut anus. Her other hand was busy revolving the fingers around and around her pouting clitoris. She delayed her orgasm as long as she could. She enjoyed coming to the brink only to wash away and come again a short while later. A few cubes later she was biting the pillow as one hand stuffed the melting ice into her ass with two long fingers, while the other hand rubbed the water running down her slit into the pink pearl that was her clit. 

Dana’s knees slid out from under her and she basked in the glow of her hour’s worth of masturbation. Her fingers slid out of her pink ass and found their way into her mouth where she sucked the water from them. The ice cube meanwhile was numbing her bowels in a pleasant sort of way. Dana’s gooey cum leaked out from between her puffy, hairless pussy lips to puddle on the sheets. She had a few after shocks of orgasm, and she shook with them and smiled. 

Soon she sat up and tossed her short, blond hair out of her face. She got up and looked out the window her blue shirt falling back down to cover half of her petite body. The other half remained naked, and she enjoyed the exhibitionism were any passerby to glance up at her apartment window. She stretched her arms above her and her breasts rose with the movement. 

She turned and saw her gooey cum soaking into the sheets. Smiling she took the two steps towards the bed and climbed back onto it on all fours. She dipped her head low like an animal and licked her own cum from the fabric of her bed. It took a few passes with her pink little tongue to get it all, but it was worth it. She then hopped off the bed and walked to the kitchen.

Her thighs were dripping with her watered down juices. She casually ran her hand up one thigh, collecting the wetness on her hand and brought it to her mouth to be eaten. She did the same with her other thigh. Then she brought her hand between her legs and ran her fingers between her hairless pussy, coating them with the remainder of her orgasm and also brought the digits to her mouth to be cleaned.

“Good to the last drop!” she said out loud to the empty apartment.

In the kitchen she went to the fridge and got out a raspberry wine cooler to wash down her ‘pre-breakfast’. She brought the beverage back into the bedroom where she pondered what to wear, or what not to wear. It was a struggle as she tried on several outfits, but one in which she prevailed. She emerged from the bedroom in a short, red mini-skirt, sans panties, and a tight, white tank top that pressed her delicious small tits against her chest, sans bra. She was ready to take on the world. Whether or not the world was ready for her was another matter altogether. 

At the counter near the door to leave she grabbed her pink purse and paused long enough to slide her small feet into a pair of sandals.  

Outside the summer sun felt wonderful. She reached into her purse and pulled out a pair of sunglasses to ease her eyes. She walked with a hungry tummy to the nearest café a few blocks away. She passed the summer parade of flesh as she walked. It was hot out and people wore next to nothing in terms of clothes. Her eyes caught a guy staring at her as he walked near. When he passed he greeted her with a warm hello and she politely did the same.

On the other hand when a scrumptious brunette walked past she was the one with the smiling hello, which was mirrored back to her in the brunette’s beautiful face. Dana didn’t mind guys that much. Every once in a great, great, great, great, great, great while it was nice to have sex with them, if only to remind her why she preferred women.

She reached the café and went inside. She paused during the transition from the brightness outside to the softer light inside. She took off her glasses and placed them in her purse and walked up to the counter to wait her turn in the short line of customers. She ordered a bagel with cream cheese, a blueberry muffin, and an iced tea. As she sat at an empty table near the window she silently wished her drink was a long island iced tea. She ate in silence watching the people outside walking, switching to watching the other patrons of the café. 

She noticed a beautiful Latin lady watching her from a few tables over. Dana smiled at her and the Latina smiled back. Feeling a bit naughty, Dana ‘accidentally’ knocked her purse to the floor spilling some of its contents. Dana made a face then got out of her seat and squatted to pick the items up. She was careful to give the Latina a wonderful view up her red skirt. When she was done she sat back down and flashed the Latina a wicked smile whom she knew watched the entire voyeuristic episode.

She was looking out the window again at a gorgeous blonde walking in a tight pair of biking shorts that outlined her pussy deliciously when she was startled by a hand placed gently on her shoulder. 

“I’m sorry, did I scare you?” The Latina asked. She was beautiful, with soft features, a full chest and nice hourglass hips tapering down into strong thighs. She was wearing tan shorts and a tee shirt, and had an ‘I’ll fuck you’ smile on. 

“A little,” Dana said and fidgeted in her seat. It was all part of the game you see, to act all innocent and shy when seducing a potential lover. “Please, sit.” She gestured to the empty chair across from her.

“Thank you,” the Latina smiled and sat down, placing her own drink on the table before her.

“My name is Dana.”

“I’m Ada.” The beautiful Latina said. Boldly she explained her reason for coming over. “I couldn’t help but notice your dilemma earlier.”

“When I spilled my purse? Yeah, it was a little embarrassing.” Dana said shyly and took a drink of her iced tea.

“Quite.” Ada said, “But that’s not what I meant.” Puzzled Dana asked what she meant. “I meant the fact that you were flashing me.” Ada said with a coy smile.

“Was I? I’m sorry, I didn’t realize.” Dana said biting her lower lip in an act of vulnerable invitation and Ada took the opportunity offered.

“It’s alright, think nothing of it. If it wasn’t for the innocent flash I might not have had the nerve to come and talk to you with a conversation ice breaker.” 

Dana thought of that morning and the plentiful bucket of ice next to her bed and she shivered with the memory.

“Are you cold?” Ada asked noticing the shiver.

“A little,” Dana shrugged her shoulders with indifference.

“I can see why.” Ada said with a mischievous smile on her face as she took a drink from her glass.

“What’re you drinking?” Dana asked.

“It’s not fuzzy navel I can assure you.” Ada said.

Dana was reminded again of her earlier thought about how she wished she had a long island iced tea. She smiled deep and warm at the beautiful woman across from her.

“I tell you what,” Ada began, “This is very forward of me, but if you’re not busy would you like to come back to my place?” Ada leaned forward for emphasis resting her marvelous breasts on her forearms.

Dana paused for dramatic effect; she was no amateur at this game. Her face was expressionless for a moment before brightening with an inviting smile. “I’d love to.”

“Shall we?” Ada asked. Dana nodded in consent. 

They both got up and left the soft light of the café. Donning their sunglasses they went out into the blinding brightness of the day’s sun. Ada led Dana to her Lexus and they both got in. The windows were soon rolled down and they were driving away.

“Did you have your own car?” Ada asked.

“No, I walked. I only live two blocks from the café.” She said looking Ada’s body over from behind the confines of her sunglasses.

“Say sweetheart,” Ada said disarmingly, “Why don’t you give me a peek of that pretty little thing you flashed me back at the café.” Dana looked at Ada, and Ada looked right back at her with a smile. Dana smiled as she lifted her red mini-skirt. She also scooted down in the seat further so she could tilt her hips, and with her legs slightly spread offer Ada a pleasant view of her sex.

“How’s that?” Dana asked.

Ada reached over with one hand and slid her finger up and down Dana’s wet slit. “It’s a start,” Ada said and smiled again. She took her finger away from Dana’s pussy and brought it to her nose and inhaled her scent like a wine connoisseur smelling for a bouquet. Then she placed the finger in her mouth and sucked the wetness from it like a child and the frosting from a cake. 

“You smell and taste divine.” Ada complimented.

“Thank you,” Dana said as her own hand found her slit and was lazily tracing the contours of skin. “I can’t wait to return the favor.”

“You’re going to have to.” Ada said then laughed.

“I suppose I will at that.” Dana said and laughed with her.

“Don’t worry sweetheart, it won’t be for much longer,” Ada said comfortingly.

Dana hummed in approval, “Good.”

Soon they arrived at Ada’s condominium and were shortly inside the lush apartment. Dana followed Ada’s lovely shaped buttocks into the kitchen where she placed her purse and gestured for Dana to do the same. 

“What would you like to drink? I’ve been on this flavored vodka kick, but it fucks me up too much!” Ada laughed.

“Sounds like fun!” Dana said approvingly, “Pour me some.”

Ada got two glasses out of the cupboard and poured each drink. With her drink in hand she walked over to Dana who had wandered towards the terrace. She offered Dana the glass and she took it and sipped gingerly at it.

“We really don’t need this to loosen us up, do we sweetheart?” Ada said referring to their drinks.

“No, I don’t believe so.” Dana said.

“So what would you like to do?” Ada asked sliding up next to Dana so that they were touching.

With a serious tone in her voice Dana broke her façade of innocence. “I want you to do to me anything you want to.” Dana took another calming drink.

“Anything?” 

“Anything.”

Ada took both of their glasses optimistically half-full and placed them on a nearby table. She then took hold of Dana’s hand in hers and led her to the bedroom. Ada gestured for Dana to sit on the bed and Dana melted into the down filled comforter. Ada knelt on the floor before her and helped Dana push the red mini-skirt up around her waist. Dana lay back on the down comforter and lost herself in Ada’s mouth as she worked her tongue inside her pussy. Ada touched all of those most sensitive places that women know how to touch. She ate up every delicious bit of Dana’s pussy. And when Dana came Ada lapped it out of her pussy like a dog, drinking down the sticky juices deep into her belly. 

“That was wonderful,” Dana said with eyes closed as Ada crept up from her position between Dana’s legs.

“That was a beginning,” Ada replied. She came back shortly with a latex glove on her right hand. 

“Anything?” Ada asked of Dana again.

Dana’s smile went from ear to ear. “Anything,”
“Pull your knees to your tits then.” Dana did as she was told, leaving herself open, vulnerable, and waiting with a burning anticipation for what was to come. 

Ada’s wonderful tongue started its journey at her clit where it went in several sweet circles. It wandered down Dana’s wet slit where it stroked the pink flesh up and down several times teasing and tasting. It slid across her perenium then ran across her asshole and stabbed itself into the yielding flesh repeatedly. 

Dana loved having her ass licked. She liked it even more when she was giving. She liked it the best though when in a sixty-nine and both could devour that most taboo of erotic areas.

Ada licked and kissed on Dana’s sweet, sweet asshole. She sucked on it and stabbed it with her tongue going as deep into Dana’s bowels as she could possibly manage. She leaned back and spit at Dana’s hole and spread it around her ass with her mouth. Dana held her knees to her chest with trembling hands as Ada worked her tongue inside and out of her ass. Ada’s nose was digging into Dana’s pussy as she worked her tongue in her ass, and Dana loved every second of it.

Then Ada’s mouth and tongue and nose were gone. Just as Dana was opening her eyes to see what was happening Ada gently pressed a gloved finger at her anus. Dana’s eyes went wide with surprise then relaxed with the comfortable feeling of fingers in her butt. 

“You like it?” Ada asked slightly surprised herself.

“I love it!” Dana cooed.

“Another?” Ada asked as she introduced another finger into Dana’s ass.

“Ahhh, yes!” Dana cried out.

Ada went back to working her tongue in and around Dana’s pussy as she pumped her fingers in and out of Dana’s nice ass. Dana called out sharply that she was going to cum. Ada told her to cum in her mouth. When Dana was pushed over the edge she cried out to Ada to eat her cum, eat all of her cum; to suck the cum out of her sweet pink pussy; to fill her belly with her juices; to eat it, eat her cum.

“Your turn?” Dana asked when Ada climbed out from between her legs, pulling off the latex glove. Ada didn’t answer. Instead she walked over to a nightstand and picked up a handkerchief to wipe the cum from her face.

“Ada?” Dana asked as she sat up on the bed, the wet from her pussy soaking the down filled comforter.

“On your hands and knees, please,” Ada instructed and Dana obeyed. Dana turned her head to the side and watched with hungry eyes as Ada opened the nightstand drawer and pulled out a strap-on dildo equipped with vaginal and anal plugs for her own stimulation. Dana watched with anticipation as Ada slipped her feet into the strap-on and pulled it up to her thighs. Ada then grabbed some lubrication from the nightstand drawer and applied it generously to both the vaginal and anal plugs even though the vaginal one probably didn’t need it as she was very wet from giving Dana head and fingering her pretty little asshole. Ada eased the the vaginal plug in first, pulling the strap-on up until it was snugly between her pussy lips. Ada smiled at Dana watching her and Dana smiled back. Ada then pressed the anal plug against her asshole diligently until it fell inside her with a pop. Ada sighed audibly when the anal plug finally went inside. 

Ada looked down at the vulnerable Dana on her hands and knees positively waiting, and wanting her hard rubber cock inside of her. Ada looked at her for a few moments and noticed the excitement in Dana’s eyes. 

“Do you want me to fuck you?” Ada asked. Dana bit her lower lip and nodded her head. 

“Anywhere?” Ada asked.

“Anywhere.” Dana stated boldly.

Ada walked behind the subservient Dana. Resting a hand on her back she guided the cock with the other to Dana’s pussy and pushed it in ever so gently. Dana cooed with electric pleasure. Ada began working the rubber dick in and out of Dana’s pussy, pushing so deep she would bottom out at Dana’s cervix giving a mixture of pleasure and pain to the young woman. Ada reached out and grabbed a fistful of hair and pulled Dana back against her rubber cock. Dana arched her spine and twisted back to give Ada a kiss and their tongues snaked together, the spit smearing across each others face. They fucked like that for a while. Sweat was beginning to bead upon both their bodies and Ada leaned down to lick the perspiration from Dana’s back.

“I’ve got something else for you.” Ada teased. She pulled the rubber dick out of Dana’s climaxed pussy and placed the fake glans at the entrance to her sphincter. Dana oh’d and ah’d with anticipation. Ada pushed the rubber dick rubber balls deep into Dana’s pliant asshole.

“You like getting fucked in the ass?” Ada asked.

“I love it!” Dana cried out.

Ada then began screwing Dana in the ass with her fake cock. Dana began calling out a mantra of ‘fuck me, fuck me, fuck me’ as the muscles in her ass milked and tugged on the rubber dick. And Ada obliged. She pumped into Dana’s ass so fiercely that the rubber balls were smacking against Dana’s pussy. Dana leaned down laying her head on the down comforter, her hands balling the fabric in her tightly clenched fists, her mouth biting the fabric until her teeth hurt. 

Ada sensing the moment to be ripe plucked it and pushed down hard on Dana’s shoulders and back pressing her forcefully into the down comforter, still pumping her rubber dick violently in and out of Dana’s sweet, soft insides. Dana sensing her own moment told Ada to hold for a second as she slid from her knees to lay flat on her belly. Ada followed her motions and held her self up by her arms until Dana was comfortable.

“Ready?”Ada asked. 

“Yes, fuck me.” Dana cried out softly.

Ada fucked Dana’s pink ass until it was tender and sore. Dana loved the pain and had cum so many times she lost track at twenty-three. Ada gripped Dana’s shoulders for leverage as she reamed her with the rubber dick pulling her back onto the cock for all she was worth.

Dana was not alone in the climaxing. With the vaginal and anal plug gyrating inside her with every motion made her cum almost as many times as Dana had, but alas she also lost count. The vaginal plug was covered in so much juice that it was almost slipping in and out, practically fucking her. The same with the butt plug, it was almost fucking her as well being slightly pushed and pulled with the restrictions of her anal muscles.

Ada finally pulled out of Dana’s asshole with a soft pop. Sweaty and shaking from her own multiple climaxes she still knelt down near Dana’s gaping ass and pulled her cheeks apart and pushed her tongue into the closing orifice. She tongue fucked Dana’s ass until it closed upon her stretched tongue.

“How was that?” Ada asked standing up and removing the strap-on.

“Awesome!” Dana said eyes closed and slightly delirious.

“Good, now it’s my turn.” And with that Ada crawled onto the bed next to Dana. 

Dana leaned toward Ada and they kissed passionately for several long moments before Dana made her way to Ada’s posterior, leaving a trail of butterfly kisses in her wake across Ada’s body. Dana pulled Ada’s ass cheeks apart exposing her own wet pussy and ass from the lubrication both natural and unnatural to Dana’s feasting eyes. Dana blew cool air gently on Ada’s ass before giving it the tongue fucking of her life. She pushed her tongue deep inside Ada’s pink anus, and she sucked and licked feverishly at the taboo hole. Dana slid two fingers easily into Ada’s very wet pussy, and following the curve of her vagina found the hard nub of her g-spot and began to press on it as hard as she could while pumping her fingers in and out. Dana ate out Ada’s beautiful ass like that for sometime.

Ada’s beautiful body tensed and relaxed with every orgasm she had. Dana could feel the anal muscles spasm around her tongue, which only spurred her on to make it happen again and again. Dana ate out Ada’s but with great fervor, attacking the little star with a passion. She loved eating out asshole, especially a woman’s, and Ada basked in her expert tongue.
