 My boss, Bill Gordon, the VP of marketing, had scheduled an all-day meeting with representatives of one of our biggest clients. Being the assistant VP meant that I had to spend the entire day with a bunch of out of shape stuffed shirts with egos the size of their bank accounts. Not my favorite way to spend a

Friday.

I tried to look on the bright side, I was being taken to one of the nicest restaurants in town for lunch on the company.

On the other hand, I usually was able to leave early on Fridays. This way I could get home to my North Side condo and get ready to go out and hit my favorite lez bars to pickup a willing woman for some hot and heavy sex.

Since I broke up with my long-time girlfriend, I wasn't looking for any relationship. One night stands were perfect. And I had no trouble finding willing partners for those. You see, I'm a 28 year old 5'8" brunette weighing in at about 115 pounds. I have medium size breasts that really need no support, a tight ass, and long legs. My hair hangs about 4 inches below my shoulders and has a slight curl to it. Girls have told me my hazel eyes are very expressive. I use little make-up, a little lip gloss and a very light touch of mascara. My mother told long ago not to mess with the beauty God gave me. You know how mothers are!

Well, since I was stuck in the office until at least 4:30 or so, I figured to be as comfortable as possible. I knew the air conditioning didn't keep the

conference room very cool when the afternoon sun hit it. The vertical blinds were next to useless, too. It was probably going to be very warm in there.

With that in mind, I wore a light-weight summer dress, no stockings or hose, and only a demi-cup. I normally let my brown hair hang loosely around my shoulders but decided to pin it up loosely. When I checked myself in the mirror, I decided I liked the look.

I got to work a little early and tried to get some other work out of the way before the meeting. All too soon, Bill paged me and told me the clients were here.

"I'll be right there," I said into the intercom. I kept getting this ugly picture in my head of a bunch of old men in expensive Italian suits with suspenders holding their pants on below their bulging bellies. Probably bald with bad comb-overs but thinking they were hot shit. Oh God, let this day end soon. I was soon to want this even more for entirely different reasons.

I walked into the conference room and saw the three client reps. As I expected, one was an old man with a large stomach and a bad comb-over. He had sweaty

palms, too. The second man was in pretty decent shape, about 40 but of no interest to me. I missed the names of the two men and had to have them

repeated. I did catch the name of the third member of their party. I wasn't about to ignore her.

She was introduced as Jennifer Garfield. She was in her early 20's and stood about five and a half feet tall, slender, with bright blue eyes. She had very

short blond hair that was almost white from the summer sun. She wore thin, rimless glasses. Glasses have always been a turn-on for me, maybe it's the

intellectual look they give. Like me, she wore little makeup. From what I could tell from the light summer suit she wore, her frame matched perfectly with her height.

As we sat down at the conference table, she took a seat across from me. I thought nothing of it beyond sisterly solidarity, at first.

Several times during the course of the meeting, I caught her looking at me but every time I turned to look back, she was studiously studying the handouts or

the graphics displayed on the screen at the head of the table. She was extremely cute.

We took a break, and she and I both went to the ladies room. After taking care of business, I was at the sink washing my hands when she came to the sink next

to me. We both stood there and I had absolutely nothing to say! I can sweet talk girls all night long at the bars, but with her I was tongue-tied!

She finally said, "I wish I'd worn something like you have. It's getting a little warm in there."

"Yeah, it is," I said. God, did I sound stupid! This very attractive woman was trying to talk to me and I could only mouth stupid, strangers-on-the-train type

responses.

I managed to say, as we walked back to the room, "I'm afraid it'll only get worse this afternoon."

"Oh, I was afraid of that," she said.

We spent another couple hours in the conference room with her apparently looking at me and me never able to catch her eye to confirm it, while Bill went over

sales projections, benefits, and the rest of the nonsense people tend to tune out when it goes on too familiar, too long, and too hot.

Finally we broke for lunch and we went to a popular steak house across the street. The men ordered cocktails and beer. I went with iced tea, knowing how

alcohol completely drains me on warm days (especially in boring meetings where I should look attentive and interested). I noticed Jennifer also order iced tea.

I also ordered light: grilled chicken salad with ranch dressing. Jennifer told the waitress, "That sounds good. I'll have the same, please. Thank you."

I smiled at that, I like people who are polite to waitresses and other service people. I waited tables in college and knew how unthinkingly cruel people can

be. I thought this would be a good way to break the ice with Jennifer.

"I think that's really very nice that you thanked the waitress. I used to wait tables and believe me, it can mean a lot," I said.

She blushed slightly and said, "Oh, I always do that. My mother taught me to be polite to people who are helping you."

With that, we started to talk to each other. Sitting at one end of the table, we could exclude ourselves from the typical male bonding rituals of the business

lunch.

"You seem young to be an assistant VP. You must be pretty good," she said.

Accepting the compliment, I said, "Well, it took a lot of hard work and late nights, but I think it's worth it."

"Does it affect your social life? I noticed you don't wear a ring," she continued.

She noticed that, did she? It might just be simple female curiosity, but I planned to find out.

"Well, I keep my Friday nights open," I returned, "and since I have a workstation set up at home, I don't usually have to come in on the weekends. There's also a gym near my home that I go to fairly regularly. So, in answer to your question, I do get out."

She looked thoughtful, "So, is there anyone special in your life?"

Gender-neutral I noticed. "No, not for almost a year."

"Oh, was it difficult? Several months ago, I broke up with my lover after three years, and I felt bad for weeks after," she said.

Still gender neutral, so I decided to keep it going in that vein for a while, if only to keep my hopes up about the pretty young blonde I was with. "We were

together since college, but I noticed problems a few years ago that just kept getting worse. The biggest factor was not talking about what was bothering us."

"I know, that was our problem too," Jennifer agreed. "I'm not sure that talking would've solved everything, Terry had a roving eye, the horny bitch!"

I was so amazed to hear that kind of language from such an innocent looking face that it took me a moment to realize she said "bitch" and not "bastard." She

must have realized her slip as she turned red and looked down at her salad.

I reached over and placed my hand on hers, whispering, "Jennifer, your lover was a girl, wasn't she?"

She nodded glancing at the other end of the table but the boys were too wrapped up in how their golf games were shaping up. I smiled and squeezed her hand again, reassuringly.

"Jennifer, would you like to get together after this meeting. Drinks, maybe dinner? We can talk, if you'd like. No business, I promise," I asked, crossing my heart with a little grin. "Just two friends getting together for a chat."

"Yes, I'd like that. I was afraid you would think I was some kind of pervert." There was still a little fear in her voice but I quickly cured that.

"Jennifer, I'm gay. I like women." I was so proud that I was able to get that out without hesitating. Sometimes, particularly in professional situations, I

hide in the "closet." I did whisper it though. Bill knows but it was no business of our customers, except the lovely girl across from me.

The little blonde smiled happily, her eyes seeming to twinkle behind her glasses, and said, "My friends call me Jenny."

After that, we got dragged into the conversation with the men but they were talking baseball now and I like the sport. Jenny was fairly knowledgeable about it as well. Soon, Bill signed the check and we went back to the office.

The conference room was uncomfortably warm. Jenny took off her suit jacket, draping it over the back of her chair. The men did the same but I only had eyes

for the lovely blonde in the well-fitting white blouse across the table from me.

The afternoon seemed to drag on and on. Now that I had definite plans for the evening, I couldn't wait to get out of there. I became somewhat distracted as

well when Jenny loosened the top button of her blouse. It didn't expose anything but it caught my interest in a way pie charts and bar graphs never could.

Jenny must've been similarly distracted (by me?) as she had to have a question directed at her repeated.

Finally, at 3:30, Bill asked if there were any other questions. Our guests all shook their heads and we ended our meeting.

Gratefully, Jenny and I went out into the corridor where it seemed it was 20 degrees cooler. (It was actually only a few degrees difference.) Bill and the

other men were going to go down to the lobby bar for some more cocktails. He asked us if we were interested in joining them. Since it really wasn't an

invitation, we all got on the elevator. I stopped in my office first, to get my briefcase and shut off my computer.

Jenny made a point of standing right in front of me, and was pressed back against me, thanks to all the people who got on with us. There was no way she

didn't notice my breasts rubbing her back. She seemed to confirm my suspicions when she moved her shapely ass back and forth briefly. I inhaled the scent of her perfume and felt my nipples harden against her. The elevator got to the lobby and we exited. I wished our offices were ten or twenty floors higher.

She and I had a drink to be polite and made our excuses. Bill looked at me with a slight smile and told me to have a good weekend.

Returning to the lobby, I said, "You're not going to be stuck in the city without a ride, are you?"

"No, I can take a train later," she said. "Where to?"

"Depends on what you're interested in, drinks or dinner," I said.

"How 'bout both? And maybe some dancing later?"

I smiled, "Sounds great! Let's go."

I hailed a cab and directed it north to a little place I know for some drinks. We didn't say much, but Jenny sat closer than necessary with our legs touching. Not that I was complaining, mind you.

Pulling up at the bar, I paid the driver and saw him looking out of the corner of his eye smirking. Having already caught him ogling us in the backseat, I said, "Hey buddy, your tip is knowing that we'll be together tonight. Let your imagination wander."


Jenny laughed, "God, remind me not to get on your bad side."

I laughed as well, saying, "I can be a real bitch when people are rude to me or my friends."

Finding a booth in back, I signaled the waitress. As she came over, I noticed Jenny staring at the place.

After ordering, I asked, "Your first time in a lesbian bar?"

"Yes," she admitted. "I never had the guts to go to one before. The women are all attractive." The last said with a trace of surprise.

As we sat and chit-chatted about trivial stuff, I felt my attraction to this little elfin blonde increase. I think she was feeling the same. She took off her glasses to wipe off one of the lenses and, as usual with pretty girls who wear glasses, she had beautiful eyes. She smiled at me when I briefly put my hand on her leg while making a statement about the bartender and her harem of girls. She just drank it all in. She also placed her hand on my leg.

We had a couple of drinks there then walked down to a little bistro at the corner. Again, we both ordered light. I joked, "You're eating a first date-type dinner. Trying to impress me?"

"Is it working? But I really don't eat very heavy meals too often when it's warm like this," she replied.

The dinner conversation continued like this with a give and take. Soon, though, we finished our meal and decided to head to a dance club that was also nearby.

Jenny was quite pleasantly surprised to see all the couples dancing were women. We danced for several hours, my favorites were the slow dances when I could

hold Jenny close and inhale her sweet-smelling hair. I think she enjoyed those the best too.

When we both had enough, we found ourselves on the sidewalk. I asked her when the next train left and looking at her feet, she said, "I hope not 'til

morning."

"Would you like to come home with me?" I asked.

"I'd love to!" she said, looking up with a big grin.

That's all I wanted to hear. I hailed another cab to head home. This driver was very courteous and I tipped him very well when we got to my building.

Jenny admired my apartment as I showed her around. She seemed most impressed with the bedroom and the bathroom. I felt very happy I spent the money to redo

the bathroom with the large shower stall.

Jenny looked at me, her eyes gleaming behind her lenses, "I'm all sweaty from the dancing and the heat. Mind if I take a shower?"

"Of course not!" I replied.

I got out towels for her and got ready to leave the room when she quietly said, "Don't go. Please stay with me."

She sounded so shy and looked so adorable I had to agree. Who wouldn't? We didn't say another word as we both stripped. Her body was just a beautiful and

sexy as I imagined. From the sideways looks she gave me and her accompanying smile, I guess she liked what she saw too.

I turned on the water, and as I leaned in to check the temperature I felt her hand caress my bare ass. She was getting bold. I liked that.

I finished fiddling with the controls, turned and saw her looking at me.

"You ass is so soft and firm," she said.

Reaching for her glasses, I thanked her. I set the light frames on the countertop and reached up to undo my hair.

"No, don't do that. Your hair looks very pretty like that," she said.

I left my hair piled up on my head, a few stray wisps dangling along the sides. We stepped into the shower and I took her in my arms. Her naked body felt

wonderful against mine. We swayed to some imagined music under the soft spray. I looked down and lifted her face to me, kissing her lightly on the lips.

Jenny pressed her lips back against mine and I opened my mouth, letting my tongue trace the outline of her soft lips. She opened her mouth and accepted my

tongue, gliding hers along it, sending shivers down my spine.

I was overcome by this young woman. In so short a time, she was affecting me more deeply than any lover I'd ever had. I was scared but happy and giddy at the same time. I couldn't help but wonder if she felt anything like this.

As if she read my mind, she quietly said, "I feel very comfortable here in your arms, Cindy. It's so comfortable, that I'm kind of scared!"

"Ssh. It's okay, I'm scared, too," I admitted. I held her tighter and ran my hands along her back, more in comfort than anything else.

We gently kissed again but it soon increased in intensity, feeding off the arousal we had both been feeling all day.

As we kissed, Jenny's leg slid between mine and her thigh began to rub against my slit. Her right hand drifted down my back to squeeze my ass cheek. This

supposedly innocent girl was really getting to me. I pushed my thigh between her legs and felt her pubic hair rasping against my skin, then her lips parted and I could feel her moistness on me. I slid my hands down to her asscheeks, pulling her against me.

We stood there getting hotter and hotter until we got hit by a spray of cold water. Shrieking, we scrambled out of the shower and dried each other off. The brisk toweling off quickly got us heated up again.

I put my arm around her waist and she did the same while resting her head against my shoulder and we walked towards my bed.

She reclined in the middle of the bed and I, after loosening my hair, crawled over her. Laying on top of her, covering her warm nakedness with my own, I again kissed her. My hair fell around us creating a soft canopy around our heads, as I moved my crotch back and forth against hers. Our pubic hair rustled with the movement.

"I love your hair, it's so thick and soft," my little elf crooned.

I rubbed my hand across her short hair and whispered, "Your hair is beautiful, too." And, as she was about to protest, I cut her off with a deep kiss.

After several moments, I kissed my way down to her hard nipples and began sucking, alternating with gentle bites. I lingered here for a few minutes,

getting Jenny good and hot.

I resumed my erotic journey, finally reaching my destination. Her little tuft of blond hair was an invitation to me. I licked up some lingering moisture

from the shower until I got closer to her slit to happily discover that the moisture here was from our mutual arousal.

I began to lick the fleshy folds and to thrust my tongue into her, swallowing all the juice I could. Jenny began pushing up into my face, as if to get my

tongue in deeper. All the while, she was groaning in increasing intensity.

As I ate her, her increasing arousal caused me to increase the intensity of my tongue action. Soon, she was crying out and really bouncing on the bed. I had

a hard time keeping my mouth centered on her hot, dripping pussy. Finally I just touched her hard little clit when she came. I was sure the entire North Side heard her.

I kissed her pussy as she came down but she squeaked every time I touched her sensitive flesh. It was so cute, I kept doing it until she grabbed my head and

whispered, "No more, please!"

I crawled up next to her and held her trembling body until she relaxed against me. Looking at me with those bright blue eyes, she said, "I love you, Cindy."

Scared by this admission, but thrilled to hear it as well, I told her, "I love you too, Jenny."

"I'm still scared, though," she said.

I hugged her naked body to mine and admitted, "I'm scared too, but I think that's okay. Love can be scary."

She looked so happy, I kissed her gently. She kissed me back passionately and said, "I'm going to lick your pussy until you scream out loud!"

With that, she crawled between my legs and began to play and lick my pussy. Looking down between my legs, I saw her beautiful face as she performed her oral

magic on me. She saw me looking at her and smiled. Believe it or not, I could feel her smile as she tongued me. I got goosebumps then.

Soon, the goosebumps turned to shivers of pleasure as she increased the tempo of her tongue action. Already turned on from making love to her, I was very close to orgasm. She sensed that and pulled away every time, laying there with her chin resting on her left fist and her right fingers trailing through my brown fur with a mischievous grin on her face. When she felt I was sufficiently calm, she would resume her oral assault.

This innocent little blonde was a maniac when it came to cunnilingus. She could teach me things, and I've been eating out women since I was 18!

Soon, she stopped teasing me and let my passion build until it crested explosively. I yelled out her name when I came, "Jeennniiiieeeee!!!"

When I opened my eyes, she was looking down on me, resting her right hand on my breast, smiling. I reached up, ran my fingers through the short golden hair on her beautiful head before pulling her down to me.
