 Alana sat on the end of her king-size bed, a cordless phone in one hand and a pornographic magazine in the other. She nervously chewed on the small antennae, and then took a deep breath. She punched the phone on and, reading from the magazine, dialed eleven numbers. It barely rang once before a recorded man's voice answered.

"Hello," it said, "And welcome to--"

Abruptly, Alana hung up. She slammed the phone down into the plush, crimson bedspread and tossed the magazine across the room. She sighed heavily, then let herself fall backward onto the bed. She said nothing, and stared up at the ceiling.

Alana was 26, though she appeared much younger. In fact, many people would often mistake her and her 18 year-old brother, Gavin, for twins. They didn't look anything alike; Alana had her mother's blonde hair and blue eyes, while Gavin took after their father with brown hair and eyes to match. She had a cute button nose, flawless skin, and a big, toothy smile—all of which contributed to Alana often being mistaken for a high school senior.

Those who knew her, however, were all too aware of how mature this young woman really was. Alana's parents had died when she was 23, leaving her to take care of herself and Gavin. To pay the bills, she dropped out of college and started a small moving company with her best friend, Rene. The business succeeded, making it possible to keep the 3-bedroom house she had grown up in. Gavin, meanwhile, had turned out to be a great person, a great brother, and, as her star employee, an essential part of the company.

All of this, however, was not without it's drawbacks. Since Alana needed more money than Rene did, she took on more of the responsibility. This meant more time at work, and virtually no time on the dating scene. It didn't help that she was generally shy to begin with. Since the tragedy three years ago, Alana had only had a single one-night stand, and three or four one-month long relationships.

Now all of that negligence of her sex life was catching up with her. The last time she had slept with a guy was over six months ago. In the time since, Alana had tried everything she could think of to keep her urges at bay: Internet porn, erotica, XXX videos and magazines, vibrators . . . and now this. But nothing seemed to work. Nothing could replace the physical act with another person. She needed a man, and she was desperate.

Taking a deep breath, Alana picked up the phone and made another call. This time a woman's voice answered.

"What the fuck do you want?" the woman answered in a playful voice. It was Rene.

Alana laughed, then sighed heavily over the phone. She laid her free hand over her eyes. "I'm horny," she whined, giggling.

"Oh!" Rene laughed. "And you called me? I wondered how long it was going to take you to join the bi side."

Rene had been openly bisexual since high school. It had all started at a party when she had a threesome with a dating couple from school. The plan was to concentrate on the boyfriend and break him away from the girl. But that changed when Rene found out just how much she enjoyed the girl, and she hadn't looked back since. Though she now had a definite inclination towards women, sometimes, as a smiling Rene would often put it, you just can't beat a good dick. "That's not exactly the kind of help I was looking for," Alana replied, giggling again.

"All right, all right. When was the last time you got off?"

"About a week ago," Alana answered. It was a lie. She had actually fingered herself to a very intense orgasm just last night, but she wasn't about to get into the details of that with Rene. Alana wanted help getting her next cum, not explaining her last one. Especially since—

"Hey, don't feel bad," Rene replied. "It's been a busy week. My last orgasm was five days ago, and that's a lifetime for me. But—sorry—we were talking about you. Go on."

"I'm just... I'm sick of doing it to myself, you know?"

"Perfectly understandable. What about those personals sites I told you about?"

"I don't know," Alana said. "I don't think I'm comfortable meeting someone like that. I mean, I don't want a one-night stand, but then I'm too busy for any real relationship, so . . . I don't know." She sighed again. "Maybe I do want a one-night stand."

Rene laughed. "I'll make a few phone calls."

"Actually, that's what I was doing right before I called you. I dialed this phone sex number--"

"Oh!" Rene gasped. "Phone sex? There might be a sexual beast inside that body of yours after all. So what was it? 1-900-Hot-Hard-And-Horny?"

"Something like that. But I chickened out."

"You what? Why?"

"I guess I don't get it," Alana replied. "I don't know how."

"There is no how," Rene explained. "Just say what turns you on. Phone sex is all about communication and visualization."

"Yeah," Alana said. "That's what worries me; the communication part. I don't know what to say. I'm afraid I'll be like, 'Oh baby, fuck my cunt with that big hard dick!' or something."

"Um, Alana. That's what phone sex is."

"I know," Alana sighed. "I just don't feel right talking like that to some stranger over the phone. I'd be so nervous I probably wouldn't even enjoy it."

"All right," Rene said. "Tell you what. We'll practice."

"Oh God," Alana groaned, laughing.

"Seriously. Let's try it. Just so you can get an idea and not go in cold turkey."

"Ok," Alana said.

"All right. Now you be you, and I'll be the guy, and you be like you just called me."

There was a long silence. Finally, Rene broke back in. "What are waiting for?"

"I'm acting like I just called you," Alana laughed. "I'm waiting for you to pick up and answer."

"Oh, fuck," Rene said. "All right, all right." Then, imitating a man's deep voice, "Hello?"

Alana giggled. "Ok, I definitely can't do this if you're going to do voices."

"Fine, all right. We should start at the good stuff, anyway. So Alana, what are you wearing?"

Alana looked down over her body, and she couldn't shake the thought that what she was doing right now— rehearsing phone sex with her female friend--should be absolutely unnecessary. She was beautiful, with a body any guy would fall to their knees for. At 5'10", she was a bit tall, and though she had gained a pound or two and rarely worked out anymore, she had been lucky enough to keep a mostly athletic figure. Her stomach was flat and tight, her long legs smooth and strong, and she had a perfectly round, firm ass. Alana's breasts were a small d-cup--if any d-cup could really be considered small--and they were still as perky as ever. But right now all of those treasures were covered with a gray, plain, baggy—

"Sweat suit," Alana answered.

"Oh, Alana," Rene replied. Then, with heavy sarcasm, "So sexy."

"Well, what are you wearing?" Alana playfully snapped back.

"I'm not wearing anything but boxers and a cowboy hat."

"Oh, a cowboy hat," Alana teased. "Very masculine."

"Thank you. But you know, since I'm already pretty much naked, it's only fair if you are, too."

"You want me to take off my clothes?"

"Very much," Rene answered. "I'm getting a hard-on just thinking about it."

Alana was a little shocked when she found Rene's reply caused a tiny wave of pleasure to pass through her body. Maybe this was going to work after all. She sat up and struggled to remove her shirt without taking the phone from her ear. She wasn't wearing any underwear, so when the sweatshirt came off, Alana's breasts hung free. She wasn't sure if it was the excitement of what was happening, or just the chill of the cool air against her naked skin, but her thick, pink nipples were quickly hardening.

"Talk to me, baby," Rene said with a sensual tone. "Describe everything."

"Well, I took off my shirt."

"Can I see a bra, or--"

"No. I'm naked. Well, half naked. You can see my breasts, and my nipples. My nipples are getting hard."

"Mmm," Rene replied. "I love your tits. I want to feel them. Can I put my big, rough hands on them?"

Alana felt herself blushing, but that wasn't the only part of her body responding. Her nipples were getting harder still, and her pussy was getting moist. She lay back on the bed and closed her eyes, imagining.

"Yes," she said. "You can touch them."

"Oh, yeah. They feel so nice. Do you like me touching you like this? Do you like me squeezing your tits and pulling your hard nipples?"

"Yeah," Alana answered. Her voice was softer, and breathy. Then, instinctively, her free hand moved to her tits and she began rubbing and kneading them. She gently twisted her nipples between her fingers.

"Can I lick them, Alana?" Rene asked. Her voice was so steady, so serious. Alana reminded herself that Rene had actually done all of these things before, so of course she would be good in this role.

"Please," Rene continued. "Let me suck on those big tits." "Okay..."

"I'm licking them all over. Can you feel it?"

"Yes." Alana was breathing harder now. She pushed one of her large breasts up towards her mouth and gave it a long, slow, wet lick.

"Tell me what you feel, baby."

Alana had to swallow hard before she could obey. "I can feel your tongue on my tits. It's so warm and wet. My whole chest is tingling." "Just your chest?"

"No. I'm getting wet, too."

"That's good," Rene continued. "That's good, Alana. Are your pants still on?"

"Just a second," Alana answered. She got up off the bed, still holding the phone to her ear.

"Describe it to me as you take them off. Tell me what I can see."

"Ok." Alana began pulling her sweat pants down slowly. "You can see just the top of my butt now."

"Oh, baby. You're teasing me, huh? My big cock is so hard for you right now."

Alana pulled her pants down further, revealing just her backside. "Now you can see my whole butt."

"Mmm. That ass is just perfect, baby. Can I hold it? Can I squeeze those cheeks with my hands?"

"Yeah."

"Can you feel me?"

"Yeah." Alana slid her hand across her butt and squeezed one of her cheeks. Then she traced her crack with her finger. It caused her to moan just slightly, which caught her off guard. Apparently Rene had heard it, too.

"Oh, you like that, don't you?" Rene said. "You like it when I rub your ass. But what about that juicy pussy of yours? Can I see that, yet?"

Alana let her pants drop to her ankles. She stepped out of them and lay back onto the bed, again closing her eyes. The room quickly filled with the smell of her wet, throbbing sex. She spread her legs, and her free hand tickled the hair just above her slit. Alana liked the feel of her pussy when it was shaved, but she hadn't had much motivation lately to cut it. The blonde curls covering her mound were only about half of an inch long, but Alana made a mental note to change that later tonight.

"Yes," she answered. "Now you can see all of me. I'm completely naked."

"Oh my God, you are so hot, baby," Rene said. "I'm going to finger you now. Can I do that? Can I put my finger in your pussy, Alana?"

On cue, Alana slid her own finger over her wet slit and then dipped it inside herself. Her body trembled, as did her voice. "Ye—yes." She was breathing very hard now.

"You're so wet," Rene said. "I put my finger on your pussy lips and you just sucked me right in, didn't you? God, you're so hot. So hot and tight, even on my finger."

Alana began moving not just one but now two fingers in and out of her pussy. "Yeah," she managed to choke out. "It feels so good."

"Now I want to fuck you," Rene announced. "I want to stuff this big dick of mine right up your tight little cunt. You want that?"

Alana hesitated, then, "No."

"No?" Rene said. She was a little taken aback, but tried to keep things going. "Oh yes you do. You me to fuck you with my hard cock until we both cum--"

"Rene, no," Alana said again.

If Rene was confused by the sudden turn of events, Alana was in shock. For almost the entire session, Alana had been trying to visualize a big, strong man doing these things to her, but for almost the entire session, she had failed. Rene's sexy, undeniably feminine voice was just too much to look past. It wasn't some cowboy who had touched Alana's breasts and nipples; it was Rene. Rene had sucked her breasts. Rene had squeezed her ass. Rene had slid a finger into her wet pussy.

And now, hearing Rene's voice describing her "big dick" and her "hard cock" was just too confusing. It felt weird, and it was taking Alana right out of the fantasy. She couldn't believe what she was wanting, but she couldn't deny it, either.

"Alana? What's wrong? Did I--"

"Don't be the guy," Alana said. "It doesn't feel right, hearing your voice."

"Then what do you want me to do?"

"Just be you." Alana was still breathing hard. Though she had lost some ground on reaching her orgasm, she continued to finger herself.

"Alana. Are you sure?"

"Yes!" she exclaimed. "You're all I can picture anyway."

"All right," Rene replied, still unsure of this. She was weary of taking advantage of her friend in this state of arousal, but—

"Talk to me," Alana commanded.

"What do you want me to do?"

"Tell me what you're really wearing," Alana said. Then, almost interrupting herself. "No—I don't care. Just take it off."

Rene was not, in fact, wearing the boxers and cowboy hat she had made up for the fantasy, but rather a black shirt and jeans. Sitting at her desk in front of the computer, Rene had not gotten into the phone sex quite as much as Alana had. Not that talking like this didn't turn her on, but Rene knew her friend was the one who needed help, and so her concentration was focused solely on Alana.

But now things had dramatically shifted. Rene stood up from the desk, set her phone down, and quickly undressed. She was a petite woman, slightly taller than Alana, and several pounds lighter. Rene's eyes were a deep blue, and her lashes were long and dark. Her jet-black hair hung to just below her lower jaw line, and her skin was, by contrast, rather pale. At 26 years old, she shared the same run of good luck that her best friend had by appearing a few years younger.

Off came Rene's shirt, revealing a black, satin bra hugging two beautiful breasts, which she quickly freed. They were a c-cup, with large areola and nipples. Next, she pulled off her jeans. Her legs were long and slim, and her tight little ass looked adorable beneath the black panties. Then she tugged them off, and her naked pussy glistened in the light from her wetness.

Quickly, she grabbed the phone and moved to lie down on her couch. She spread her legs, putting one foot on the floor and the other on the top of the couch's backrest. Then she rubbed at her wet slit with her free hand, feeling her clit grow hard under her fingertips.

"All right, I'm back," she said, still catching her breath after undressing so fast. "And I'm naked."

Alana took control of the conversation without missing a beat. "So I can see your breasts?"

"Mm-Hm."

"Are your nipples hard?"

"Yes. Do you want to suck them?"

"Oh, yeah," Alana answered breathlessly. "But only if you keep fingering me."

"All right," Rene said. Just as she had caught her breath from her previous exertion, Alana was taking it away again. Rene's chest moved up and down, going faster with each second.

"And use two fingers," Alana continued. "And rub my clitoris with your thumb."

Alana was detailing exactly what she was already doing to herself. She felt heat radiating from her entire body, but especially her pussy, which was dripping with excitement. Her fingers made gushing sounds as she moved them in and out. Her clit was throbbing.

Stealing Alana's idea, Rene positioned her hand so that she was doing the same to herself.

"Oh God," Rene said. "Can you finger me, too? Please, I want to feel your fingers in my cunt."

"Ok, Rene. There. Can you feel me inside you? I'm in your cunt."

Alana was not used to saying that word 'cunt', which was exactly why hearing it from her turned Rene on so much.

"Oh, yeah, I can feel it," Rene moaned. "I want to lick you so bad."

"Oh, fuck yeah," Alana said. She fingered herself faster, deeper. "You mean lick my pussy?"

"Yeah. I want to taste you. I want to taste your sweet cum, baby."

Alana said nothing. She just moaned her approval. "Lick me, too, Alana. I want your tongue on my clit."

"Oh my God, Rene!" Alana exclaimed. "I'm so fucking close!"

"Then suck my clit, sweetie!"

"Oh fuck!" Alana's whole body was moving against her hand. Even in the cool room, sweat dripped from her body. She bit her upper lip and threw her head back.

"Suck it!" Rene continued. "Can you feel my tongue on your pussy? You taste so fucking good!"

"Oh, shit! Rene!" Alana choked back a scream, and she was cumming. She bucked on the bed wildly, her fingers never stopping their furious assault on her clit.

"Are you cumming? Rene asked, panting, already on the edge herself. "Are you cumming on my tongue while I lick that wet. . . Fuck!"

And then Rene reached her own orgasm. She dropped the phone and grabbed a nipple, pulling it hard as the climax thundered throughout her body. Cum flowed from her throbbing cunt and onto the cushions. She screamed out, and nearly rolled right off the couch.

A short while later, the two women were still waiting for their breathing to return to normal. Neither of them had moved from their spots, and both were still naked. Alana's nipples were still as hard as ever, and Rene continued to gently, lightly, rub her slick pussy lips. Rene paused when she heard a sound coming from below. She reached down and picked up the phone.

"You still there?"

"Yeah," Alana answered. "I thought we got disconnected."

"That was. . . intense," Rene said. Then she laughed, lightly.

"Yeah," Alana said, sitting up. She took a deep breath.

"Are you all right?"

"Yeah," Alana said, her voice sounding detached. "I'm just thinking...I mean, did we just cross a line?"

A big smile spread over Rene's face. "You bet your ass we did!"

And together, they laughed.