 LAURA

Laura and Sarah been friends through their childhood and stayed close throughout their formative years, even after each of them had married. Night outs like this had been a regular occurrence when they were single, although nowadays they invariably went out as a foursome with their husbands. But with Jake and Rob away overnight at some poker tournament or another, they were intent on turning the clock back and making the most of the evening.

But so far it had been a frustrating night. As she often did when she'd had too much to drink, Sarah had insisted that the first two nightclubs they'd visited weren't lively enough. She knew 'just the place,' she'd said. Laura had gone along with it, of course. She always had. Sarah had always been the leader and she was the follower. 

But as they'd made their way towards to her favoured option, they turned a corner and found a line stretching down the side street.

"I told you," Laura complained as her friend insistently dragged her towards the club entrance. "We've got no chance of getting inside."

"Of course we have," Sarah laughed, pushing her blonde hair over her right shoulder. "Have you ever known me fail yet?"

It was true. Once Sarah set her mind to something, she usually got what she wanted. She always had. And with both of them the worse for wear after drinking too much already this evening, she was even more determined than ever. Grabbing Laura's hand, she walked them straight up to the bouncer at the head of the queue. 

Laura felt her body shiver as the bull-necked guy gave them the once over. Okay, Sarah's skimpy dress showed off as much flesh as it covered—and she had a fabulously curvy body—but it was unlikely to impress this guy. He would have seen hundreds of women like her, like them, every night of the week. 

"You on the list, ladies?"

Sarah's response surprised even Laura. Ignoring the question, she turned sideways towards her and curled her hand around her neck. In an instant, her glossy red lips were locked on her mouth. 

Despite the immediate shock, Laura caught on to the plan immediately and even opened her mouth to let her friend's insistent tongue inside. 

"I'm sure we're on the list," Sarah eventually said, grinning at Laura's blushing face as she pulled away before swinging back to face the bouncer. "Whaddaya think?"

He smiled broadly as he reached forward to remove the velvet rope.

"I guess that'll do it," he murmured as he nodded towards the entrance "You're in. Have a great time and don't forget to come and find me again before you leave. I know of a great party afterwards."

"Sure will," Sarah giggled, blowing him a kiss before taking Laura's hand and heading towards the door.

"What the hell were you doing?" Laura rasped out of the side of her mouth as they headed towards the club.

"You wanted to get in, didn't you?" Sarah responded, with a hearty laugh. "Besides, I always thought you'd be a great kisser."

"Yeah, right—" the brunette started to answer, but then cut off as they entered the club and the heavy beat of the music began to thump around their ears.

It was dark inside and despite the flickering strobe lights it took their eyes a few moments to adjust. But Sarah's self-satisfied smile told Laura that the choice of location had been a good one. 

The speakers beside the dance floor vibrated with full on bass as smoke billowed from the machines above them.

She led the way as usual, pulling Laura's with her as they headed toward the main room and the bar. They'd had so much to drink tonight that a few more couldn't do much more damage. 

Laura tugged her to a halt as she nodded in the direction of the dimly lit small side rooms. That was interesting. Each secluded dark outlet had a few couches and chairs, and it was just about possible to tell that most were occupied as couples engaged in feverish make-out sessions. 

"Looks like fun," Sarah shouted at her, a broad grin splitting her face. "How about we find a guy each and try them out later?"

They both laughed as they made the rest of their way to the bar. The last thing either of them would be doing was getting off tonight. Tease a few guys maybe, but Laura would never contemplate being unfaithful to their husband and neither would her friend.

SARAH

They stayed at the bar for a while. Why not? It was fun to tease all these guys. They had almost queued up to buy the two women one drink after another, but when they moved in for the kill Sarah discouraged any further advances by nuzzling into Laura's neck.

"She's my date tonight, big boy," she told them.

The action left Laura red-faced, but the guys soon got the idea.

Actually, it was fun to tease Laura, too. Her brunette friend seemed worried she might take it too far and kiss her again. That wasn't a bad idea. She hadn't expected Laura to let her French kiss her infront of the bouncer and who knows what might happen as the night progressed?

"You've had too much to drink," Laura suddenly told her, after they'd fended off another approach. 

"Listen to Miss Goody Two Shoes," Sarah responded, laughing out loud. "You're slurring your words. I might be a lil intoxicated but at least I'm not drunk."

"I'm not drunk," Laura protested, and then held a hand to her head. "Am I?"

Both women laughed out loud this time.

"Who cares?" Sarah told her, taking her arm. "How often do we get the chance to let our hair down like this? C'mon, let's dance."

She took the lead as soon as they were on the main floor, putting on the same sort of provocative show she enjoyed even when they were dancing with their husbands. As usual, Laura held back a little, but Sarah knew that she would quickly get in the mood.  

Her inebriated state would see to that. 

They were gradually encircled by other dancers, mainly women, all losing themselves in the music and atmosphere. Two in particular caught Sarah's eye. At first they were moving together, shamelessly bumping and grinding their bodies against each other, but then they separated so that they could dance with the two friends.

The Nordic-looking young woman subtly matched Laura's moves while the Latin American beauty began to gyrate infront of Sarah.

The girl was a real looker and her thick, wavy black hair provided quite a contrast to her friend's long blonde hair. It also seemed to define her personality—wild and uninhibited?—with those burgundy pouty lips and heavy eye makeup giving her the appearance of a sexual predator.

Sarah's gaze flickered across her body. She didn't try to disguise her interest, why not let her know she was looking? The flowery top barely contained her full breasts—from the way they bounced, she was clearly braless—and ended just above her navel. Some kind of tattoo encircled the gold loops in her belly button and her short black leather skirt displayed the most fabulously toned shapely legs. 

When her gaze returned to the girl's face, she was smiling at her. She moved closer, curling both hands around Sarah's neck as they danced, their bodies sensually brushing against each other.

"What's your name, baby?" the dark-haired beauty asked. She smelled of Scotch and peppermint. "I have to know who's making my nipples so hard."

"Sarah."

The dark sinned woman nodded. 

"I'm Carmella. Wanna fuck?"

Sarah felt a surge of electricity find its way to her pussy, but she wasn't going to succumb that easily.

"Dunno," she shrugged, attempting to appear as nonchalant as she could. "I haven't decided yet."

She glanced out of the corner of her eyes to see if Laura was watching them, but her friend seemed to have her hands full with her new blonde companion. She chuckled to herself. Pretty little Laura with another woman—no, that wasn't going to happen in a million years.

As for her, she hadn't been with another woman since she'd married. It looked as if tonight would be the opportunity to put that right...

"Oh, I think you have," Carmella murmured, sexily breathing the words into Sarah's face. 

Her hand slid around to the rear of Sarah's dress, sneaking under the hem and clutching her ass cheek as she drew their crotches against one another. Sarah's eyes widened in shock even before the young woman began to grind against her.

"That's right," the Latin American beauty murmured. "I'm not just your average woman..."

She took Sarah's hand and pulled it under her leather skirt, placing it on her cock. She was semi-erect.

"Now I ask again, baby," she whispered, biting down on Sarah's earlobe. "Wanna fuck?"

LAURA

Laura couldn't help but stare at her new dancing companion.

The shiny black lycra cat-suit hugged her figure like a second skin, and the zippered top that squeezed her full breasts together emphasised a body that could have been straight out of Playboy. Then there were the thigh-high black leather boots, tied all the way up and accentuated her tight, round ass. 

She couldn't have been wearing a stitch underneath that suit, could she?

"You move very well," she said to Laura, throwing back her long blonde hair.

"Thanks," Laura simply responded.

Why did she always feel bashful at times like this? It didn't help when the blonde woman's eyes worked their way across her body.

"We've been watching the two of you tease the guys tonight," she said, her swaying body matching Laura's moves. "You're together?"

Laura felt a blush touch her cheeks and quickly held up her hand to show off her wedding ring. "Who, me and Sarah?" she hurriedly garbled. "No, we're just close friends. I'm married. We're both married."

The blonde smiled at her as she swayed more sensually to the heavy beat. She definitely knew how to use that Playboy body of hers. 

"Carmella likes Sarah. Look at her. She looks like the cat that's got the cream. Wait 'til your friend finds out how special she is. It'll blow her mind..."

Laura glanced across at the room, just as the sensual Latin American girl moved closer to Sarah and curled both hands around her neck as they danced. It was as if she was sending out a message that she was her property now. Laura felt a curious pang of jealousy and waited for Sarah to dance away, but instead she seemed to be leaning in closer. 

Maybe she was teasing her, just like she'd done with the guys earlier?

"And I like you," the blonde continued. "So that's okay, yeah?"

Laura didn't know what to answer. Maybe if she hadn't had so much to drink, her head would be clearer. The blonde's mouth was open as she watched her, and when her tongue swept across her full lips, Laura noticed the gold tongue stud. 

"I'm Gretchen," the blonde suddenly murmured. 

She dropped her hands onto Laura's hips as she spoke, pulling her closer so that their bodies melded together.

"You?" she asked. 

"Laura," she managed to answer. "I'm Laura."

The luscious lips hovered by her ear as their bodies moved together.

"Have you ever been with a woman, Laura?"

She shook her head, partly to answer the question but also to try and clear away some of the fuzziness. She was always like this when she'd had too much to drink, fuzzy and horny. Was that why her nipples ached?

"I'm straight," she added, suddenly feeling the need to make her situation clear.

She didn't want to lead anyone on, least of all this stunning blonde. What was her name again—Gretchen? But then the woman's warm, wet tongue was softly licking at her ear. 

"Straight? Are you sure?" 

Her hands had left Laura's hips and moved up to her hair, massaging the back of her head. Laura could feel her long nails scraping at her scalp. 

"I think so," she answered, trying to think straight. 

She was, wasn't she? Okay, there'd been a little experimenting when she was younger, but that didn't really count.

But it wasn't that easy to clear her mind. For one thing, Gretchen smelled good—some kind of spicy perfume. And for another, that never-still tongue was still working on her ear. 

"Why don't we go sit somewhere and get to know each other better?" the blonde persuasively asked.

"I can't," Laura protested, without knowing why. The idea felt distinctly appealing. "I'm here with Sarah..."

"Neither of us needs to worry about her," Gretchen reassured her, cupping her hand under Laura's chin.

She turned her head so that she could see the two women dancing together. They were staring into each other's eyes as they slowly ground their bodies against one another to the beat of the music. Then Carmella was taking Sarah's hand and leading her away. 

"They look like they're going to get a drink," Gretchen told her. "C'mon, baby. They'll come and find us when they're ready."

---

The wooziness in Laura's head changed into a warm sexual haze as Gretchen led her towards a secluded alcove at the back of the bar area. She obediently followed a couple of steps behind, hypnotised by the girl's near perfect ass in that shiny black lycra cat-suit. 

Like the other side rooms, the area was dark and intimate, and it was only just possible to make out the several plush leather club chairs and couches scattered around the room. All seemed to be occupied apart from one chair to the left and Gretchen found it instantly, holding Laura's hand as she sat down and then tugging her down onto her lap.

"Nice and intimate," she whispered, curling one arm around Laura's waist and pulling her closer. "What d'ya think?"

Laura blinked several times as she glanced around. It was practically impossible to make out features but there wasn't any doubt that people were coupled in various embraces. 

The air was punctuated with different sounds—kissing, heavy breathing and what definitely sounded like moans of sexual pleasure. The feel of Gretchen's hot breath on the side of her cheek only added to the seductive atmosphere and she tried to comprehend how she'd come to be in this situation. Everything had happened so quickly! 

And now Gretchen's long nails were softly scraping along the skin of her thigh... 

The decision she had to make was easy. Excuse herself, go find Sarah and make their way home. She was married, after all. But that tongue was at work again, lapping all around her earlobe before occasionally dipping inside. Each lick sent a delicious message all the way down to her sex. Suddenly the decision was more difficult. 

Should she go further? Could she? Some kissing and light petting wasn't exactly being unfaithful, was it?

"So, you've never been with a woman," Gretchen whispered. "I guess that means I'll be your first, yes?"

"Yes ... No ... I mean—"

Dammit, what exactly what it she wanted to say? She turned her head to meet Gretchen's powerful gaze, only to find the blond woman's full lips waiting for her. When they closed on her own, she didn't object, not even when the gold studded tongue slipped inside her mouth.

It was the most erotic kiss she'd ever experienced... 

Better than any man's... 

And it didn't stop... 

One of Gretchen's hands slid up into her hair, wrapping strand after stand around her fingers. Their faces tilted, moved from side to side as the kiss increased its passion and depth. Saliva began to drip from their lips and still it went on and on. 

Laura tensed when the blonde's free hand slid along the inside of her thigh, down between her legs. Then the probing fingers had found her sex through her thong. Oh God. She was so wet. 

"Relax," Carmella whispered in her mouth.

Yes, relax! This felt so good. Forget that she was married; all that mattered was the here and now. The whole of her body was on fire and even her light headedness felt good. Just go with the flow. 

She shamelessly widened her legs to give the woman better access as Gretchen's fingers sneaked insistently underneath the skimpy material of her thong. They danced along her labia, probing, before the sexy woman stiffened and eased two of them inside her. 

Laura's senses went into overload. 

Gretchen's tongue was lapping at her neck now—that cool tongue stud felt so sexy—as the woman began to finger-fuck her, slow and easy. Was that her heated groans and gasps that suddenly filled the air? The people around them must have been able to hear, but right now she didn't care. God, she was close... 

The fingers began to pump faster.

"Are you going to cum for me," Gretchen's voice whispered in her ear.

She nodded and bit down on her lower lip. It was impossible to speak. Her heart was beating so fast she thought it might explode. 

When Gretchen lightly strummed her clit with her thumb and curled her wonderful fingers inside her, it all became too much. Despite their surroundings, she screamed like a banshee as her orgasm burst. 

SARAH

They were in the cubicle at the far end of the restrooms. Sarah stood facing the wall, feet apart and her panties around her ankles. Carmella was crouched behind her, pumping her thick shaft in and out of the moaning woman's wet sex. 

"I see you like Carmella's girldick," she teased. Her voice was thick with arousal. "We'll have to do this again..." 

There were other people in the restrooms, but Sarah couldn't have cared less. Someone had knocked on the cubicle door a couple of times, accompanied by giggles, but Carmella had just told them to fuck off and continued pounding her without breaking stride.

Sarah pushed her palms flat on the wall infront of her, grateful for the support to hold her up as Carmella captured a few strands of her damp blonde hair and yanked her head back as she thrust harder. She whimpered as she pumped backwards, trying to match each thrust. 

Her whole body was still overheating at the discovery that Carmella was actually a transsexual. She was beautiful, she had great tits, and she had a cock. Who needed a man?

She began to pump back harder, matching each of the Latin American woman's thrusts. Oh fuck. The friction was unbelievable. She was definitely going to have to take the sexy bitch up on her offer of meeting up again—her husband didn't fuck her like this.

But the thought was instantly put on the back burner as Carmella's spare hand slid around her body to find her clit as she crouched a little higher behind her, changing angle. 

When her hips moved faster, pounding her prey even more violently, Sarah cried out as she came again. How many orgasms was that so far? The first had arrived the instant Carmella had stuck her girlcock inside her and it felt like they'd continued unabated ever since.

She glanced back over her shoulder, perspiration covering her brow. Carmella slowed her pace as she saw her looking backwards and slid her index finger between Sarah's lips. She gratefully began to suck on it like a cock as Carmella smiled into her dreamy eyes. 

"That's it," she told Sarah. "Keep looking at me..."

She drew backwards—almost in slow motion—until she was almost free ... and then powered forward again. 

Sarah grunted hard as air was forced out of her lungs. Her eyes briefly closed but she forced them open when Carmella yanked on her hair again. 

"Look at me," she rasped.

She held Sarah's gaze as she drove her hips forwards, sending another bead of perspiration flying across the cubicle. Sarah grunted again. When she gripped her hair tighter, more painfully this time, she gasped out loud. The roughness added to her arousal. But this time it seemed that Carmella was getting there, too.

"Oh shit, baby," she groaned. "That feels good. Not long now..."

Setting her feet more firmly on the floor, she pumped harder. She began to groan now as she fucked her, throaty groans that were increasing in intensity. She was gritting her teeth, her eyes were narrowing, and then ... her body was tensing. 

Sarah felt another orgasm rip through her in anticipation. This stunning young transsexual woman was only about cum inside her...

---

The journey home in the taxi had started off unusually quiet. Both women were concerned about the other's subdued demeanour, but too guilty about their own situation to ask too many questions. 
