 This is the fourth addition to an ongoing story. Reading the earlier additions will give you insight on the events leading up to this story, but it is not necessary to follow this one. I appreciate all the great comments I have received thus far and love getting them, so if you like the story drop me a line.

After having participated in several different challenges, I was ready to perform a daring act with one of my best friends, now girlfriend, Terra. I planned this act with my other friend, whom had given me the earlier challenges. Here is how it unfolded.

Terra came over to visit Saturday morning. I told her I needed to go to the mall to get some new clothes and invited her to come along, her not knowing it was the plan all along. I climbed into the driver seat of my dodge Durango while she climbed into the passenger seat. We headed down the road, talking and jabbering. I placed my hand on Terra's knee while we talked inconspicuously, not wanting to make a big deal of the action and continued jabbering. I began to slowly move my hand back and forth a few inches, gently over her bare knee and thigh. We talked about work and what we should do later in the evening as I continued to gently move my hand. 

After a few minutes I let my hand slowly drift farther up her leg. I didn't want it to appear I was headed anywhere with this so I slowly moved it an inch or so each time after several strokes up and down her leg. She didn't seem to think much of it as far as I could tell. As my hand reached the middle of her thigh I noticed that my hand was beginning to effect her state of being, though she didn't act much different, other than the fact that she closed her eyes a few seconds at a time off and on.

About ten minutes into the drive down the mountainside, I began to make small, soft circles on her inner thigh. I kept my head facing straight ahead, but I was watching Terra out of the corner of my eye. I saw her look down at my hand a few times and noticed that she began to shift and wiggle a little in her seat. Her breathing was slightly increasing. Her soft, smooth legs felt so nice and I couldn't wait to move further up her legs, though I knew I had to be patient. 

I pushed her skirt up a bit and continued to massage her bare leg when she started to spread her legs apart just a little, almost as an unspoken invite for me to venture further. I began to make larger circles on her leg so that I was still running my hand over her mid-thigh while slowly venturing closer and closer to her inner thigh. I asked her what she wanted to do later in the evening so that I could hear how aroused she was by the tone of her voice and her breathing. 

She opened her eyes and began throwing out suggestions like playing cards or going to the local restaurant for karaoke. As I forced her to concentrate on thinking about what to do I became bolder and centered the concentration of my fingertips on her inner thigh. I could feel the heat radiating from her inner thighs and crotch. I knew that she was enjoying this just as much as I was. I heard her gasp as my little finger moved up, just an inch or so from her pussy. I wondered how wet she was and wanted to feel her panties, but I had to be patient. I could feel my panties beginning to get wet myself as I erotically teased her senses. I let my mind wander to what it would feel like if I were in her seat receiving this teasing as she babbled about her upcoming job. 

Knowing we were about five minutes from the bottom of the hill, I was ready to kick things into high gear. I had ceased moving my fingers up any farther for a few minutes and I heard her release a soft moan under her breath as she paused between sentences. I couldn't help but smile. I looked over at her with a grin on my face and realized that her eyes were closed. She opened her eyes as if she could see me grinning at her even though her eyes had been closed. She smiled back and said, "That feels so good."

I didn't say a word in response, but I moved my fingers up her leg a bit. My hands were at the point where I was touching both of her inner thighs now, even though her knees were spread about a foot apart now. I could almost see a glimpse of her panties as her skirt had risen up to her mid-thighs. The heat radiating from her crotch was immense. I brushed her panties covering her hidden fruit gently, almost as if it were by accident and I saw her hips rise off the seat a bit. Her breathing was becoming heavy and she was having a difficult time sitting still in her seat now. I was loving this. 

We reached the bottom of the hill and I had been teasing her senses gradually for about thirty minutes now. There was about a five minute drive until we reached San Bernardino and then another ten minutes until we reached the mall so I knew I had fifteen minutes left to tease her yet. I moved my fingers up a few more inches and moved my fingers in a circling motion very softly over her pussy. I could feel her warm wetness soaking through her panties as I traced the outlines of her lips. 

"You are so bad Marte" Terra said, followed by a long moan. "That feels great. I want to feel your fingers inside me."

I wanted to feel my fingers inside her as well, but I had to be patient. I gradually applied more and more pressure with my fingers as I circled her lips. The warmth of her juices felt great against my fingertips and I found myself wanting to taste her juices. Wanting to excite her more, I moved my fingers to her inner lips as I continued making circles. Her breathing was heavy and her hips were dancing. It was a beautiful sight to see. I watched her full breasts lift up and down as she breathe, wanting to feel them and kiss them. I moved my first two fingers over her clit and began to very softly circle it as I pulled up to a stoplight. Terra let out a hard moan almost as if she was saying finally.

"Keep it down or the cars next to us will hear you" I said giggling. 

Terra simply pulled her skirt down over my hands and lowered the back of her seat so that she was in a lying position. I wasn't sure if she realized exactly where we were because her attention had not been on the scenery around us in quite some time. Her hips were rolling and bouncing softly off the seat as I torturously teased her swollen clit. I wanted to bury my finger inside her panties and deep inside her so much that I could barely hold myself back, but I had to be patient.

Her moans were becoming more and more frequent and I could tell that she was getting really close to an orgasm. I didn't want her to cum yet, so I began sliding my fingers up and down the length of her open slit a few times before centering my attention on her lower pussy. I circled her open, begging hole with small, deliberate circles. I noticed that I was very hot and bothered also, but I didn't want to give myself away so I tried to hold back my heavy breathing. I could feel my pussy aching and begging to be touched. I could feel my nipples pressing against my bra. Goose bumps covered her skin as well as mine. The aroma of sex lingered around my nostrils as the interior of the car had filled with the scent of her sexual juices.

My fingers were now literally swirling around her drenched panties as I pulled into the mall parking lot. Her hips were bucking against my fingers. I knew it would only take a few strokes of her clit and she would be in heaven. I pulled around to the front of the mall and pulled into a parking spot near the end of the row. I put the Durango in park and opened my door as I removed my finger from Terra's panties. Terra's first comment was "We are hear already?"

I knew at that point that she had come back to the reality. I began to climb out of the Durango as I would any other time, pretending not to make a big deal of the situation but Terra was having none of it. "Where are you going? Get back in here!"

I cut off the end of her words as I closed my door. I took two steps towards the front of the door when her door swung open. She jumped out and slammed the door behind her as she raced to meet me at the front of my Durango. "What are you doing? Do you have any idea how horny I am?" she practically screamed at me with a smoldering look on her face.

I couldn't help but feel a shit-eating grin come over my face as I turned towards the mall entrance and continued walking. Terra was at my side continually begging and pleading to go back to the car and complaining about how cruel I was and how horny she was. It was like she was a six-year-old girl all over again. 

"You are going to pay for this Marte!",she blurted out.

"So what store do you want to go to first?" I asked, changing the subject.

"I don't want to go to any fucking store!" she retorted in despite.

I loved how she began to cuss and swear like a sailor when she got irate. I knew that I had done a great job up to this point by the way she was acting. Everything was going as planned and the best was yet to come. I opened the door to the mall, acting smug, as we entered.

"Let's go into 'American Eagle' and see what we can find there" I said as I put my arm around her waist.

Terra smacked my hand away and told me not to touch her.

"You are not going to be like this all day are you?" I asked, as a parent would to her child.

"Damn right I am!" she cussed.

I replied, "Shhh! Quiet down! Can't you see we are in public?"

Terra leaned over and whispered in my ear, "I don't give a shit where we are right now."

I again placed my arm around her waist and guided her into the "American Eagle" store. We looked at several racks of shirts, tank tops, jeans, and skirts with nothing really eventful happening, except for Terra's continual chided remarks. I was eating this up. I was having the time of my life at this moment. She was acting just the way I had expected her to.

I brushed my hand over her ass as we walked around a rack of skirts in the back of the store. Terra slapped my hand away and I laughed. I knew that in her aroused state, even the slightest touch would get her body going again. I made sure to have constant contact with her body the entire time, whether it is touching her shoulder, waist, arm, or the small of her back.

We left the store and walked until we got to a swimsuit store. "Let's go in here" I proclaimed as I grabbed Terra's hand and drug her inside. I took her to the back of the store, near the dressing room and began to look at the skimpy bikinis.

"I think this would look great on you Terra. Why don't you go try it on?"

She mumbled to me, "Right now, anything I would try on I would have to buy because it would be drenched you bitch."

I giggled under my breath. Terra had never called me a bitch before and that wasn't in her regular vocabulary, but I knew she was in a state of mind very different from her norm, so I didn't let it bother me. Wanting to show her I was still in good spirits, I held up a bright yellow bikini and told Terra to turn around. After fussing for a few seconds, she did as I instructed. I took the bikini top off the hanger, reached around her body and told her to hold it up so I could see how it would look on her. I then took the bikini bottom and held it in front of her. I looked at the mirror in front of her and smiled.

"You would look great in this bikini" I commented.

She looked into the mirror and gave me a so-so look. I slid a finger between the bikini bottom and her dress and as I was pulling the bikini bottom away I brushed my finger over her pussy. I heard her growl like a tiger in response as I began putting it back on the hanger. She turned around facing me and I grabbed for the bikini top, letting my fingers brush against her breasts. Her nipples were still hard as rocks. I felt a twinge of excitement of my own as she gasp.

I bought her the bikini and we headed to the next store. As we entered the next store Terra made a concerted effort to stay up front so that I could not tease her anymore. We went in separate directions and I began looking for a casual top. Terra eventually drifted towards the back of the store while I was still up front. I slowly made my way in her direction when she had her back to me. She was in between two racks of jeans, holding a pair up to look at when I approached her. I reached underneath her skirt and ran my index finger down her butt crack and up the other side. She closed her legs and tried to stop me until my finger slid under her panties. I buried my finger deep inside her pussy causing her to grab a hold of the rack. Her legs relaxed and she gave me more access. I began to slowly slide my finger in and out of her steamy, dripping wet pussy. We were lucky that the store was empty except for a mid-aged woman who was putting price tags on clothes at the register. 

Terra let out a deep, yet quiet moan as I continued to finger her yearning pussy. I could feel a twinge deep inside my pussy as well. My pussy was reacting as if it were me that was being fingered. I ran my finger up her slit and circled her swollen, gorging clit and then pulled my hand out from underneath her skirt. She stood there holding onto the rack, gasping for air while I licked her sweet juices from my finger. The aroma and taste of her juices almost sent me over the edge.

I bought a cream-colored halter-top and a pair of hip hugging blue jeans and exited the store. Terra was still in the back of the store, trying to regain some composure I supposed. I sat down on the bench and waited a minute until she exited the store. Her eyes met mine with a glare of intensity I hadn't seen before. They were have glassed over and half full of hatred. I stood up and guided her by the hand down the mall. 

"You are lucky I didn't jump on you while you were sitting on the bench and fuck you right there." Terra whispered in my ear as we walked. "I am so frickin horny I can barely walk. My legs are like rubber."

I knew I couldn't continue this intense torture much longer or else she would rape me in front of everyone. I was making my self extremely horny as well. We walked through half the mall until we came upon "Victoria's Secret". Terra said there was no way she was going in there. I smiled and dragged her in there anyway. I almost half expected her to kick and scream like a little child would.

I browsed around for a while before picking out lingerie for her and I. I told Terra I wanted her to see what I looked like in the lingerie, knowing I was at risk of her mauling me. She followed me into the dressing room and I closed the door behind us. I slowly began to peal my clothes off like an erotic dancer as her eyes were glued to my body. I stood in panties and a bra before her when she reached towards my pussy. I grabbed her hand and put the lingerie in it.

"Try this on for me." I quipped, struggling to retain my power of control. 

Terra pulled me to her and planted her lips on mine. I instinctively kissed back for a few seconds when I realized that if I didn't stop it now, she would have me naked on the floor with her on top of me. I pulled back and told her to try her lingerie on so I could see what it would look like on her. I began putting mine over my underwear. As I looked up, I was shocked to find that she was already naked. She put the lingerie on and I stood behind her, pressing my body against hers as we looked in the mirror at her.

"That looks awesome on you Terra", I commented. "Now turn around."

Terra turned around and faced me and I dropped to my knees. I slowly slid my hand up her right leg to her inner thigh. She propped her left leg up on the seat and I began to slowly massage her inner thighs. She let out a moan that I was sure the register lady would hear. Knowing she would never let me leave the changing room alive, I pressed my lips up to her pussy and began planting kisses all around her mound. She placed her hand against the wall for balance and watched as I ran my tongue around her mound. Her breathing was hot and heavy. 

I ran my tongue gently up and down her slit through the lingerie as I placed my hands on her butt cheeks, helping to stabilize her. Her moans were coming frequently and growing with intensity as I continued. Her hips were thrusting towards my face each time I grazed her clit with my tongue. The risk of being caught and eating her out in the changing room of "Victoria's Secret" was driving me even wilder. I couldn't believe I was doing this. This would have been way out of character for me just a month ago. 

I held her hips close to my face as I began to suck on her clit. She reached down and put her hand on the back of my head, pressing it as hard as she could against her pussy as I began twirling my tongue around the hood of her clit, while sucking her clit in my mouth. I felt her body tense up and then begin to shudder. She let out a long, deep series of moans. Her hand held a handful of my long blonde hair as the waves of ecstasy ran through her body. I felt a mini-orgasm rush through my body as she came. I let go of her clit and began lapping up her juices that were flowing with ease. I looked up at her face as I was licking her juices and saw her eyes rolled into the back of her head. Her legs gave out as her orgasm began to subside. She collapsed onto the seat while I continued trying to lap up every drop of her hot pussy juice. 

After resting a few minutes we quickly dressed and exited the dressing room with huge grins of satisfaction on our faces. I could smell the scent of sex towards the front of the store as we headed for the register. I handed the lady the price tag to the lingerie, knowing that she wouldn't want to touch them. I quickly paid her and put the lingerie in the bag as we headed out of the store. We headed straight for the car laughing and giggling.

Terra began ranting and raving when we got to the parking lot and searched for my Durango. "I can't believe you did that Marte. That was the greatest orgasm I have ever had, but I am going to kick your ass when we get home. You are in very big trouble." 

I smiled and said, "I know the register lady knew what was going on."

Terra laughed and replied, "She had to. I could smell the strong scent of sex even at the register."

We laughed the whole time while searching for my Durango. We finally found it and climbed inside. As I was starting the car Terra said, "Whoever uses that changing room next will be very lucky."

I felt a twinge in my pussy imagining the next woman entering it and wondering what happened. "Do you think the next woman will be so turned on that she will play in there too?"

Terra laughed and replied, "I don't know. That would be awesome if we did. Could you imagine going back in there a week later and it still smelling like fresh sex."

I was laughing so hard that tears were running down my face. "That would be awesome but there is no way in hell I am ever going in that store again. I would be too embarrassed."

"I know. Our luck that same lady would be in there."

I put the car in drive and headed onto the freeway towards home as we talked about what the register lady must have been thinking and how turned on she probably was herself. When we reached the bottom of the hill Terra told me she was hungry. The sun was beginning to set and I realized that we hadn't eaten lunch or dinner yet. As I was pulling into Mc Donald’s Terra pointed where to park. I was confused as to why she wanted to park at the end of the lot, almost in the back parking lot of the mini-mall next to Mc Donald’s. When I put the Durango in park Terra reached across my body and put my seat into a lying position and began unzipping my jeans almost at the same time.

"I am hungry as hell to taste your pussy and I am going to do it right here. I can't wait any longer." Terra exclaimed as she tore my jeans off my feet and buried her face in my wet pussy. 
