 My favorite place to be is right between Blue's velvety-smooth thighs. Soooooooo many things I love doing to make her insane with pleasure, making her completely lose herself and totally consumed in what I'm doing to her.

When I slide my face between her legs, I let my cheeks rub her inner thighs...I take my time, making sure my breath from my open mouth is on her pussy. She purrs like my contented kitten and slides her fingers through my long hair. 

I love sliding my warm, wet mouth along her inner thigh, caressing her with my tongue, then trailing lingering kisses on her skin. 

I watch her breathing deepen...I watch her pussy get more and more wet, but I do not touch her there.

My tongue and wet lips slide hotly to that spot where her thigh and tummy meet. SUCH a sensitive spot and she jumps a little...prematurely...knowing what I will do to her. I slid my tongue right there, then kiss her, sucking her skin...she squeals and pulls my hair. I purr for her and suck some more on that spot...harder now...

"SUNNYFUCK!"

I smile and keep my mouth in place, opening my mouth wide and letting her feel my teeth on all the muscles gathered there, growling while I do...she screams out loud and digs her nails in my shoulders through my hair, her ass bucking off the mattress.

Oooooooooohhhhhh...she is mine...all mine...

I purse my lips and blow on her clit...she whimpers for me and her body is a mass of hard, short little trembles, though I haven't yet touched her pretty pussy...

"Oh...oh...oh..."

She spreads her legs even more and pulls my hair to urge me into her pussy...I only move my mouth to the other side of her pussy and give her sucking little kisses, then I slide my open mouth farther up her inner thigh and gently sink my teeth into her muscle while holding onto her...

"OH FUCK! SUNNY!"

I move my mouth to her pussy...while looking in her eyes, I speak with my lips brushing her swollen outer lips and my breath on her...

"Who is the sluttiest woman you know, my baby?"

"Fuck! It's you!"

"Very good...who do I belong to? My heart, my mind, my body?"

"ME! YOU BELONG TO ME!"

Baby's pussy was soaked, now...I saw it quiver for me and her sweet juices were absolutely pouring from her...

"Would you like Sunny to be your hot, sweet whore? Your fucking bad girl?"

"FUCK YES! FUCK ME BEFORE I GO CRAZY!"

I started giving her pussy little kisses all over...pausing to speak to her...

"Ooooooooooo...you're in such a hurry..."

Loooooong, slooooowwwww licks with my tongue from bottom to top...then I pushed my tongue-tip on her clit. That was all she could take...

Right at the edge, Baby screamed out, pulling my hair ever harder...I clamped my mouth on her pussy, my tongue working her clit, my face pushing into her...her body was out of control and my mouth pushed her, her head against the headboard.

My tongue fucked against her clit and my mouth rode her to a hot, hard orgasm...her cum filled my mouth and I struggled to swallow all of it...I wanted all her sweet, hot cum in my tummy and I was determined to get it...and she was determined to keep me going.

Baby's orgasm ended, but she held onto my hair, wanting more. I sucked her entire pussy into my mouth...I mean, sucked fucking HARD and she immediately came again for me...her body all mine...her hot, sweet cum burning my mouth, sliding lusciously down my throat...my tummy felt soooooooo nice and satisfied...

Her hands were still holding my hair, her muscles quivering in remaining, tiny, little mini-spasms...I rubbed my face in her pussy, giving it lots of little kisses and rubbing my cheeks in her...I wanted her remaining cum and juices all over my face. I purred deliciously for her...

"Mmmmmmmmm...baby is delightful..."

She whimpered and made sexy little noises, wrapping her legs around me. I slid my entire tongue on her from bottom to top, scooping up all her oozing cum that I could into my mouth, then slid my wet body up hers...our lips met and we softly squealed together while I fed her the mouthful of Bluecum I had for her. 

My tongue slid in her mouth and we softly devoured each other, soft loving sounds rising from our thoats...kissing...kissing...kissing...

With our lips touching, we pledged our eternal and undying love to each other, our bodies wrapped together as one.

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny