 MAKING CHANGES

Jodie has practically thrown herself at Kelly in the carpark at Melbourne airport, but is she merely flirting or is this a genuine invitation from the older woman? Kelly feels very much as if she is punching above her weight until she meets up with an old acquaintance, Caroline who has some sage advice. Even so as the week progresses, Kelly is still unsure about the outcome. How would it work between them, if at all? 

*

Time stands still in jail, your routine never changes and all that does change is the arrival of more people. Some are newly sentenced prisoners, others are visitors and the rest belong to community groups running programs in prison. The latter are collectively known as do gooders, jail slang for someone who is trying to help. Caroline fitted into this last group. She'd come into the prison once a week to run a dressmaking course. 

I used to go to Caroline's course not for the dressmaking aspect but just for the camaraderie in the room. Caroline brought a sense of humanity inside, a breath of fresh air. She also brought in a selection of magazines that were left behind each week. An inmate would collect them at the end of the lesson and take them to a common room for everyone to read. Some women developed a crush on her as well, although she was in a straight relationship. I admit I too used to fantasize about her from time to time, she had a maternal quality about her but despite her willingness to befriend prisoners, she never gave out her contact details to anyone.

Thus I felt a little privileged to be invited back to her home in Croydon that afternoon. She bought the house from her sister in law, Louise many years ago after breaking up with her partner. She now has a new partner, Brandon who works for The Age. I learned a little more about Louise and her other sister in law, Melanie as we sat in her sewing room that day.

"Louise and Melanie are both married to my sisters," she told me, "Louise is with Sigrid and Melanie is with Elke but my sisters in law don't identify as being gay."

"How can that be?" I asked, "surely," I trailed away.

"For Louise and Melanie it was never about coming out or hanging labels on themselves," she flipped the page of one of her books, "it was about whether or not they loved my sisters. In the end it's about love not labels."

"Interesting concept," I looked down at the page. The book is one of several filled with her designs, she'd brought a few into prison a few years ago.

"It's a bit like dressmaking, when the dress doesn't fit, you unpick the stitches and add some more material. Expand your horizons and accept that not everything is going to fit you, but you have to adjust yourself to life. Louise and Melanie are two women with not a gay bone in their body, in long term relationships with gay women. In the end all it took was the willingness to change their outlook and accept things the way they were at the time."

It was a conversation that changed my life in ways that are still resonating today. The concept of fluidity, people are changeable, we change every day on a biological level as old cells die and are replaced by new cells. The primary reason why the human race was able to rise to the top of the food chain was because humans can adjust to changes in the environment. That afternoon I signed up for one of her dressmaking courses, because I too felt the need to change my outlook. When I told my grandmother that night she wasn't at all surprised.

"You're a creative person, it only makes sense."

I checked out Caroline's website that night after feeding Jack and taking him for a walk. She had an impressive array of outfits from the usual dresses and tops down to office wear. I'd just finished subscribing to the newsletter when I heard whining and scratching at the door.

"What's up with you now?" I asked Jack as I opened the door. 

He pushed past me and walked into my bungalow and just laid down beside the bed. So much for Jack being an inside dog, his tail thumped against the floor slowly as I sat down to look at him and as if reading my mind, he got up and made his way over to me.

"So, you're a closet inside dog," I nuzzled his ear.

Thus, for the duration of the week, Jack slept in my bungalow and when I messaged a picture of him by my bed to Jodie she replied, 'cute!'

It was the week everything changed for me but at first I thought it was going to be just another week, until Jodie's parents turned up to collect her car. Seeing them brought back memories and it had only been two days since I'd seen them. We talked, Tom helped me fill out the application and told me it would be all right on the night. When they left I felt like something had lifted. For years I'd laboured under this impression that I was not quite normal, it goes back to my teenage years when I was ripping up the town, vandalising cars and getting in trouble with the cops. 

I took Jack for a walk that night to post the application and we walked past the fire station, I know the fire chief quite well and when I told him what I'd done he slapped me on the back and said he hoped I was successful.

At the gym class on Tuesday night I met Louise and Sigrid, and through them got to meet the blonde woman Jodie had mentioned the previous week. Heidi is a twenty eight year old woman of German origin and I could see why Jodie fancied her, she's got a beautiful body and the face of an angel. Heidi was good friends with Louise and Sigrid and definitely played up to me afterwards as we chatted outside. She booked herself in for a tattoo as well. She works as a consultant for Chanel and happily provided samples from a bag in the back of her car some time later.

"If you want more samples, give me a call," she handed me a business card.

"You're in Belgrave," I squinted at the number.

"I work at Knox City, I'll drop some samples off at your studio on Thursday night."

I did think about Heidi later that night as I took Jack for another walk. It was truly bizarre that two so-called straight women were openly flirting with me. Jodie's texts were coming two or three times a day, short staccato blurbs on what she was doing and at least one selfie per day. The first one had been in her hotel room where she sat on a bed with her legs outstretched, she was only wearing a white shirt that covered her panties. The second selfie was outside the conference centre and this third one had her wearing a bikini top and a wrap around skirt, she had some kind of fancy cocktail in her hand and the message simply read, 'here's mud in your eye.'

I took a picture of a stubby and sent it with my message, 'remember this?'

Jodie: How could I forget Vic Bitter, what I wouldn't do for one of them, nothing but Tooheys up here and disgusting designer beers.

The last thing to change was my dress sense. I've always preferred jeans and tee shirts or shirts but my Sunday session with Caroline had me considering other options. I had a longer than usual lunch on Thursday and ducked down to Knox City where I picked up a leather skirt with a zip front. I was holding it in my hand when Jodie rang to say she'd be home Friday lunch time but that her dad would pick her up.

"Just bring Jack home on Friday night, dinner's on me, love you."

I sent a picture of the skirt to her and smiled when she sent back her reply.

Jodie: Can't wait to see you wearing that!

I got back to the studio just in time to catch Heidi who wanted to book her session. There were two guys waiting their turn and they couldn't keep their eyes off her. She was wearing a navy blue suit and white shirt, she picked out a flower.

"I want that flower on my legs," she indicated her front, "about here."

She was resting her hands just below her panties but had her back turned to the guys. I managed a smile that was returned in an instant.

"The same flower on both legs?"

"Yeah, and scrolls, Heidi's in one and garden in the other."

"Sure," I restrained a smile, "I can book you in for next week?"

"What time? I've got a day off so I'm flexible."

"Midday on Thursday?" I checked my book, "say half past twelve."

"Perfect," she smiled, "any suggestions?"

"Wear a skirt or a dress," I replied, "it's going to itch like crazy."

One of guys waited until she left before speaking up.

"I almost wish I was you next Thursday."

That night Jodie sent me a new photo. It showed her in a spotted pussybow blouse and black skirt. The ties and two two buttons were undone and the cloth belt around her skirt was also undone, her hand was resting on the third button and she'd cheekily written.

Jodie: Want to see more? Type yes please with sugar on top.

Kelly: Yes please with sugar on top.

The next picture showed the third button undone and her finger rested on the fourth button. There was no message with this picture but I replied with a yes just as Jack decided he wanted to go out for a piss. By the time I got back inside there was another picture. This one showed the blouse open to show a peach-coloured bra and she'd written.

Jodie: If you want to see more, wear that leather skirt.

That put a smile on my face.

Kelly: It's a deal.

There was no picture message on Friday but I did get a text when she landed in Melbourne.

Jodie: I brought the clouds with me.

She wasn't wrong there. The sky had been clear when I left home and for the first time since I'd opened the studio I wore a skirt that day. Granted it was a long three quarter length skirt but it was one of those skirts you might wear to a barbecue, just not in the middle of winter. 

Muzza dropped in to see me at the studio towards the end of the day with a mate who wanted a tattoo and while I was labouring over a series of three skulls he sat back to watch a replay of the Port Adelaide v.s Hawthorn match from Thursday night. He's a mad Hawks supporter but despite his excitement over the win he still managed to notice something different about me.

"You've done your hair," he stroked his beard.

"I had it done last week, thanks, Muzza."

"Fuckin' hell," his mate snorted, "the first thing he says to his missus Monday night is you got your hair done, darl, even I knew it was the fuckin' dress."

"Well, fuck me drunk," Muzza stared at my legs, "I haven't seen them before."

"They're a matching set," I replied, "just like my tits."

"I want her on me," he pointed.

"Who?" I looked down at my left leg, "the mermaid? Whereabouts?"

"Me leg, where else? If my missus sees a half naked woman slithering up me leg it might jolt her memory."

Knowing Muzza he probably said that to her as well!

Friday night I changed out of that skirt and into the leather skirt, I matched it with a white shirt and my black boots, okay, so I looked like a dominatrix!

Jodie's car was the only one in the driveway when I pulled in and I heard the front door opening as I folded the seat down to let Jack out. She was wearing an ivory-coloured satin blouse with a matching tie and a black leather pencil skirt, her legs were covered in white stockings. 

"Jack," she called.

The dog leapt forward towards her and she plonked down on the bottom step to greet him. Their reunion lasted the better part of two or three minutes, the bond is close, she really loves that dog but eventually she looked up from her seat on the step and smiled.

"That skirt looks good on you."

"It's the second skirt I've worn today."

"No?" Jodie's eyes twinkled mischievously, "that would have drawn the customers in."

"It was longer but Muzza wants a mermaid on his leg too, it's the first time he's seen my legs."

"You look different," she rose and took a step towards me, "my God, is that makeup? Wow, you sure are trying to impress the ladies and you're wearing Chanel too."

"Courtesy of Heidi," I replied.

"From the gym?" Jodie put her hands on my waist, "I'm impressed, new shirt?"

"No, it's an older one, but I'm going to make one out of satin, I've um, signed up for a dressmaking course."

"Is that a fact?" Jodie's eyes shifted as we both heard the thunder, "I'd like to hear more of that but we'd better get inside, it looks like the rain has finally arrived."

I looked up as the first drops of rain started falling.

"You did say you'd brought the clouds with you."

"It's been threatening all day," she replied as the first drops of rain started falling, "I'm surprised it didn't start raining hours ago."

We headed inside to a house that was a good deal warmer than outside. The fire must have been burning for hours and Jack headed straight for the fire.

"Make yourself at home, you want a coffee or something stronger?"

"Coffee's good," I moved to the couch.

The rain was getting heavier by the minute as the clouds opened up, the wind had picked up as well, blowing the tops of the trees. The sky lit up briefly with a flash of light and not long after I heard more thunder. I love watching the rain but when Jodie returned with two mugs of coffee I took a seat beside her and leaned back into the couch.

"It'll rain all night," I murmured.

"Yep, the roads will be as slippery as shit," she smirked, "I haven't started cooking yet. What do you fancy?"

"Whatever's going, I'm easy to cook for, although my culinary skills are a little sparse."

"Well, that's something we'll have to rectify," she nudged my knee with her leg, "about the only thing my ex husband misses about me is my cooking, I'm a fanatic for cooking shows."

"I like true crime shows, and I loved Underbelly."

"My dad was seconded to the Purana task force for a few years, you should ask him to fill you in on all the things they got wrong for the series."

"I didn't know that, although it's not like you'd put that about."

"He likes you," Jodie replied, "we talked about you on the way back from the airport. He actually phoned the C.F.A yesterday to let them know a friend had applied and if they didn't put you forward they needed their head read."

"Thanks," I took a mouthful of coffee, "I got a booking from Heidi as well."

"What's she getting?"

"Two roses, here and here," I indicated my legs, "that woman is definitely bendable."

"Is that so?" Jodie smirked, "so she's what? Gay or just curious?"

"Hard to say, we didn't exactly talk about it but she's definitely curious but you've got two other women there who are."

"Who?"

"Louise and Sigrid, although Louise doesn't identify as gay. She's just been with Sigrid for so long she may as well be."

Jodie frowned and I launched into a repeat of Caroline's spiel the other day but when I finished she looked thoughtful.

"I like that definition. I hate labels," she leaned forward and picked up her coffee, "I'm discreet with men, I don't broadcast my love life on Facebook or any other social media site. My love life is my business, it concerns me and the other person," she glanced over her shoulder.

"Me too, would you believe I don't even have a Facebook account? My nanna makes up for the both of us with her updates."

"You're not missing much to be honest, I've deleted mine a few times and not always because I was tired of it, I had this one guy stalking me for months and then he got freaky and I had to delete the account and start a new one."

"So," I stared at the fire, "how would it be between us?"

"What happens between us is between us, I might be fucking a woman but I'm discreet when I fuck men so the same rule applies. Number two, if you're fucking someone else, tell me too. I've only got enough energy for one at a time and three's a crowd. Number three, I don't want you here every night, I have my own interests and my own friends, it's not like I'm ashamed or embarrassed to show you off. I'm okay with a couple of nights a week or a weekend but that's negotiable if things start to develop, and as for your books."

"I can do them, just take me through what you do, I need to know how to balance a budget."

"I can do that," she ran a hand through my hair.

She leaned closer and putting her hand on my cheek, held me there and kissed me quickly on the lips, she pulled back for a moment and then smiled and kissed me again. This time I opened my mouth and felt her wince as she responded in kind. I put my hand on her left breast and held it firmly and she pushed it into me as she worked my lips. I felt her hand on mine an instant later and she broke free, she exhaled and her eyes shifted downwards as she found my breast. Her thumb moved over it a moment later, she was focused on it, sliding her thumb back and forth, our eyes met and her smile broadened.

"How hungry are you now?"

"Hungry but I can wait."

"Fancy a fuck?"

"Is the pope a Catholic?"

"Last time I checked he was," she reached down and slipped off her shoe, "I'm not sure about going down on a woman though, not saying I won't ever."

"But you have dildos though?"

"Have I ever," she took off the other shoe, "when I was younger I used to collect CDs, but now I collect dildos and sex toys," she rose and looked down on me.

"Most men wouldn't need a written invitation," she held out her hand.

I rose to meet her and she wrapped her arms around me and kissed me passionately on the lips. She stepped back and I followed her to the bedroom. 

We hit the bed and she fell backwards and slid into the centre. I knelt on the bed and Jodie studied my legs with a cheeky grin.

"Let's get a good look at you," she beckoned with her finger and I crawled on all fours towards her and knelt in front of her.

She seemed almost bemused as she slid her hands up over my breasts to my neck and then back down again, I reached for her tie but she slapped my hands away playfully.

"Not yet, let me explore."

Jodie's exploration continued and I felt myself becoming aroused as she put her hands under my breasts and squeezed them, noticing the movement in my eyes at the same time. She began to kiss me with quick, teasing kisses, I let her keep going, not willing to break the momentum and yet feeling as if I should take control. But she had the upper hand and I was just her plaything or at least that was the vibe I picked up.

Her hands moved up to the second button and she undid it and slid her hands under the material, it pulled against the third button and she moved her mouth down to my throat, soft lips danced over my skin as she undid the button and the vee deepened. Her hands reached my bra straps and using her thumbs, she flicked the straps over my shoulders before moving down to the fourth button and I watched her undo it.

The material shifted over my bra and she put her hands over my breasts and began moving them up and down, I closed my eyes and exhaled slowly as she massaged my breasts and then the next two buttons popped loose and she pulled back as if to check her progress. My shirt was now open all the way to the skirt exposing a red bra and my tattooed front. I have a garland of flowers extending over my collarbones with a rose on a long stem extending to my cleavage. She traced the outlines of the tattoos with gentle fingers and pushed the shirt over my shoulders to reveal more tattoos. I've got a line of three monkeys on my shoulders. My belly has a network of vines encircling a nude woman, my navel is suggestive of her pussy.

"I love that one," she danced her fingers over the woman, "who is she?"

"Modelled on an old girlfriend, Amanda."

"She must have meant a lot to you."

"She was the first woman I ever really loved."

"What happened?"

"She died of an overdose," I swallowed the hurt, "it was a long time ago, I thought I could save her but the drugs were too strong."

"I'm sorry," our eyes met, "you and I have had such different lives," she undid the attached belt and tugged slowly at the zipper.
