 This is Part 2 of the "Taking" series 

Kelly arrived for work at the doctor's office bright and early in the morning. She eased into her seat at the nurses' station and felt an intense throbbing through her ass cheeks. It was still tender from the spanks she received from Dr. Alicia Davies during their adventures in Patient Room 3, which was right across from her. 

She shifted her weight to her left hip as best she could when she sat in her chair. Her cheeks stung but it reminded her of things that had ripples of excitement pulsing between her legs. 

When she settled in, she gazed at the room where Alicia did things that caused her feel like she was being carried through the clouds by the winds of sexual lust. 

It still was like a fantasy that only occurred between her ears not where she worked with people that may have had opinions about what she did if they found out. 

When she was with the doctor, she lost any semblance of control and her body and whims were no longer hers but Alicia's. 

In a way, that made things easier for Kelly. She gets overwhelmed with pleasure by someone that cares for her and all she had to do was accept it—if she could live with the possibility of it becoming headline news around the office. She knew Alicia wouldn't let that happen but sometimes, it couldn't be helped. A spur of the moment kiss, hair stroke, or caress seen by the wrong person and life at work would never be the same. She surely would be up for the "slut of the month" award with her own plaque hanging in the office. No, she chose not to think about that part. No matter what happened, at the end of the day she had to trust in Alicia even if she had to deal with a little embarrassment and a spanking here or there. 

Kelly folded her arms into a pretzel and scanned the room. The other nurses and doctors were scrambling around handling their usual responsibilities. Every time they passed by, looked, or smiled at her, she felt so naughty having such a juicy secret. Alicia kept encouraging her to be more social, which clashed with her nature, but she crawled back deeper into her shell and curled up in it. She didn't want to give anyone a chance to read her and figure out what she was hiding! 

Alicia was not one of the white coats walking around. She was going to be late as she had some residual issues from her divorce to work out. 

That's what she told Kelly the previous night. She called and talked to Kelly about that and other random things with no mention of what they did together that day. The closest she came to talking about it was making sure she was okay. Alicia could have just as easily chosen to not give a shit about her and simply use her to fulfill her fantasies but that wasn't who she was. 

During their conversation, Alicia kept ripping at Kelly's shell trying to pry it open and find out where her quietness came from. Alicia was adept at connecting with and understanding all types of people and though Kelly presented a challenge for her, she was going to figure her out. Alicia believed in the saying "still waters run deep" but instead of wanting her to delve into her personality, Kelly would have rather talked about Room 3. 

She eventually submitted to Alicia and told her that growing up, her parents were so strict when it came to her getting an education that she wasn't allowed to have a social life. She'd be belittled and catch fires of wrath from her parents for making less than A's in her classes. Even when she left her parents' roof and finished school, her silent personality stayed with her. It felt right so she didn't bother to change it. Alicia found everything about her so sexy and alluded to more adventures to come. 

Kelly learned that despite the growing number of her social media followers, Alicia was still missing that deep connection with someone and slept next to a chilled spot in her bed. The divorce was more crushing than anyone except those closest to her would have known. To wait your whole life for "the one" only to find out destiny said, "just kidding" couldn't have been easy. Kelly thought maybe she would "ease" her suffering even if some things Alicia did pushed her bounds of comfort. 

While Kelly was wishing she was there at the office, the table buzzed from her phone's vibrations and she knocked it on the floor trying to swipe at it. 

She leaned over and scooped it up. Her hands were shaking as she anticipated who might be trying to reach her. She sucked in a deep breath and read the screen. It was a text from Alicia and Kelly's pussy began pooling with wetness. 

"Hello, Kelly. I hope you're well." 

Kelly texted back. "I'm great, thanks." 

"Good. I know you're still thinking about yesterday. I'm going to fuck you again. I don't care how quiet you think you are. You're going to scream for me. Mmm, I'll be there soon." 

Kelly could almost hear her sultry voice caress her ears. She was teetering on the verge of creaming her panties so she did the best she could to focus on her work. At least until Alicia got there. 

She was wearing the rosy pink nurse's dress Alicia always liked because it was cute, displayed her caramel toned legs, and matched her glasses' frame. Her cocoa hair, which mimicked her iris color, flowed freely and danced upon her shoulders with each step she took. She never looked at herself as being a symbol of sexiness but Alicia had her sticking her breasts out a little more these days! 

A few hours later, Kelly was in a storage room for keeping medical supplies. She was organizing boxes of gloves, bottles of sanitizer, and syringes on a shelf when she felt her dress rise over her skin followed by a rough grope on her panties. 

She spun and the sight of Alicia had her heart about to jump into her throat. 

Alicia was emitting the aroma of peaches. Her brownish blonde tresses were curly and hung to her upper back. Her jade eyes were sparkling like the gem itself. She was wearing a black leather jacket over her peach blouse and black dress pants. On her feet were her standard six inch heels. 

It was pretty much over for Kelly at that point. Melted butter in her presence. 

"How are you, Kelly? I love your dress!" Alicia spoke in her bedroom tone as she flung Kelly into a wall nearby and started kissing her like she'd been missing her lips. 

Her lips immediately had Kelly flaming inside. She kissed Alicia back and opened her mouth to invite the doctor's tongue. Alicia licked her tongue and sucked on it. She nibbled on Kelly's upper lip before diving in for a deeper smooch as she switched between hard lip presses and tangling their dripping tongues together. 

Alicia's hand slid over Kelly's tits, her tummy, and found its way under her dress. While keeping the kiss intact, she rubbed her pussy through her panties back and forth with her open hand. Tension and desire were building between Kelly's legs but the increased clamoring nearby was a bit rattling. She tried to move away almost instinctively but Alicia grabbed her wrist and pinned it to the wall at her side. With the doctor's body pressed against hers, she was going nowhere. 

Alicia gave her another long kiss before she detached and gasped for air while Kelly did the same. 

Kelly, after coming from her daze, finally answered her question. "I'm...great! Oh, wow." Her heart was in overdrive. "So, um, how did things go with your ex-hubby?" 

Alicia flipped her hair. "I think we're on cordial grounds now at least. I think we'll be friends again one day but we need some time apart." 

Kelly said, "I'm sorry. I can't imagine what a divorce is like." 

Alicia pulled her close. "Let's not talk about things of the past. I'm thinking about something else." 

"What might that be?" 

"I think you know..." Alicia said as she held both her wrists and pulled her off the wall. She stepped beside Kelly, cocked her hand, and spanked her ass so hard it buckled her knees. She was already tender and it sent waves of pleasurable discomfort throughout her. Alicia spoke into her ear. "Don't think I forgot about you cumming without my permission yesterday. I'm going to punish you really good for that." 

Her voice sent quivers down Kelly's spine. "How are you going to punish me?" 

"You'll find out..." Alicia said as she took two steps away from her but turned back around. "Don't forget that I'm going out with Renee and Oliver for lunch today. Are you coming?" 

Alicia made it sound as if Kelly had a choice but that look she had, how she stared into her eyes, dared her to say no. 

Kelly grinned. "Sure, sounds like a blast." 

Great, a situation where the expectation of being social would be present. Kelly was just thrilled. At least Alicia would be there... 

A couple of hours later, they arrived at the restaurant, which was known for its Italian cuisine. It was 12:30 in the middle of the lunch rush. Servers were flying around with trays of pasta, pizza, and sodas. There were booths lined up along the walls and wooden tables and chairs in the center. All full of chattering patrons on their lunch breaks. 

The lighting was dark but warm and the aroma of basil and tomato sauce was prominent in the air. 

A hostess greeted Kelly and the rest of her group and escorted them to their booth. 

Kelly took up the rear and wanted to get a peek at Alicia's ass but it was hidden behind the bottom of her leather jacket. Drat. 

Once they reached their booth, Alicia stood aside and nodded at Kelly to go in first. She took the hint and slid across the red cushion until she was by the window. 

Alicia took her jacket off her shoulders. "I didn't realize how warm it would be in here or I'd have left my jacket in the car." 

Alicia squeezed into the booth and laid the jacket across Kelly's lap. Kelly turned and looked at her but she just went on chatting with Renee and Oliver. 

Kelly directed her attention to the menu in front of her with pictures of spaghetti dishes, pizzas, and calzones. She was certain that jacket wasn't there by accident but she'd have to wait to find out what mischief the doctor was up to. 

Kelly was trying to keep to herself but wondered how long that would last. 

Oliver ceased talking with the group and looked at Kelly. "So, Kelly, where are you from?" 

Well, that didn't last long. She got that question a lot, obviously. It was pretty clear that she wasn't from around those parts and that seemed to be a conversation piece people used with her. She rarely offered much so they had to use something. 

Oliver was an African-America doctor with a thin mustache, a social, center-of-attention guy that kept everyone engaged and entertained. Not much unlike Alicia and that comparison was the only reason she spoke. That and she was supposed to be trying to be more engaging since it was Alicia's wish for her. 

Kelly, with her face buried in the menu, said, "Oh, I'm from a little dark place you may have heard of. My mom's tummy. I couldn't wait to get out of there!" 

She made an attempt at humor but wasn't sure how it came across. Oliver's grin caused her some relief. 

Oliver chuckled. "Ah, okay. I think I like you already." 

Kelly said, "It's nice to have a fan. It's better than being the one in the office no one can stand that everyone's trying to set up to be fired." 

Oliver nudged Renee, who was next to him. "No, that's Renee!" 

The fluffy, red-haired Renee, who was in her late 20's, had a fake look of shock plastered over her pink blushed face. "Hey, I didn't snitch on Dr. Morris! One of his patients asked me who his supervisor was and what was I supposed to do? Lie? I didn't tell him to slip his hands under her dress and perform an 'examination' she never asked for! Now, I'm the villainess." 

Alicia said, "I heard she was pretty hot. I guess he couldn't help himself." 

Kelly had faded out the conversation. A bunch of inaudible chatter at this point. She felt the jacket in her lap move. A hand slipped beneath it and rested on her thigh. She knew it was Alicia and she tensed. She had been in a persistent state of arousal all morning and it was only going to shoot up higher from there. 

Alicia began stroking her leg back and forth over her dress and then directly on her soft legs. When she dragged her hand back, it pushed her dress up and she gasped. Kelly's efforts to look normal were quickly declining into failure! 

Oliver said, "I was thinking we should get one extra-large pizza for everyone. Make it easier. What toppings do everyone prefer? And what to drink?" 

Alicia said, "Just cheese and veggies for me. Water and lemon to drink." 

Renee replied, "I don't care. I'll eat anything. Ditto the drink Alicia said." 

Oliver looked at Kelly. "Hey, what about you?" 

"Cheese and veggies sound good to me but I'll take passion fruit tea," Kelly said as she closed the menu. 

Oliver waved the waitress over and put in the order. 

The other three went on conversing. Even while chatting, Alicia was gliding her touches beneath Kelly's dress. She pulled on her knee to signal that she wanted her legs to open and they did. She lightly ran over her inner thigh and swept over her panties to her other thigh. She dragged her fingertips back to her crotch. 

The waitress delivered the drinks to the table but that didn't distract Alicia. 

Alicia rubbed Kelly's pussy through her undies with intensity and a moan slipped free but she tried to play it off by coughing and clearing her throat. 

Kelly was ready to burst but used her fading willpower to resist for fear of disappointing Alicia. 

Kelly tossed her head back and rubbed the rear of her neck. It was really getting toasty in there and her skin was heating up. 

Alicia traced the edges of her cotton materials and slid a digit inside. Kelly was breathing a little heavier and gripped the table to keep from being blown away. She covered her face with her other hand and looked away from her coworkers. 

That finger started dancing around her sex before it slithered into her pussy. Kelly held the table tighter and more expressions of ecstasy came from her lips. 

Renee, in the midst of giggling about something, shifted her attention to Kelly. "Are you alright?" 

Alicia pushed her finger in further and wiggled it within Kelly's wet sex hole. 

Kelly spoke through moans to try to answer Renee. "Ah, um, it's kind of hot in here, isn't it?" 

Renee said, "I think so, too. I'm going to lose ten pounds if we stay much longer." 

Alicia angled towards Kelly and winked. She seemed to be enjoying the sight of Kelly squirming in her seat. 

Kelly whispered to the doctor, "Please. Not here!" 

Alicia smirked and drove her finger into her faster and as hard as she could. Kelly clamped her legs as a rush of sexual energy grew between them. She was sure the pair across from them was going to figure out what was happening! 

Alicia withdrew her finger, joined it with another, and plunged back into her womanhood. She pumped into it, sinking as deep as she could with each thrust. Her pussy was pulsing and she buried her face into her hands. 

"Oh, my God!" she cried softly. 

Oliver asked, "Did you say something?" 

Kelly smiled a very phony one. "Oh, I was saying grace before the food got here." 

"A woman with beliefs. Very nice indeed," he said. 

Kelly blew in relief and was happy that he was off the trail—at least it appeared so. 

Alicia finger-fucked her with slow, deliberate strokes, and Kelly closed her eyes and felt every heated friction made within her. 

Around that time, the waitress arrived with their half veggie, half all-meat pie. Alicia slid her fingers out of Kelly's pussy and grabbed a slice of pizza. She didn't seem to mind her juices mixing with her meal. 

Kelly was barely able to finish a slice and sip her tea. The sparks firing in her pussy was making it damn near impossible to focus on much else. 

The waitress came by again later to ensure they had everything they needed. For some reason, Alicia asked her for a pen. She began writing something on a napkin. 

Alicia waited until Oliver and Renee had their eyes down to eat her pizza. Alicia dropped her hands in Kelly's lap and let the napkin slide onto her jacket. 

Kelly unfolded it and her eyes popped out at the message she had for her. 

"Take off your panties and give them to me!" 

She wondered how long she planned on keeping them. It may be a challenge to get through the day without bending over or squatting. With her mouth agape, she looked over at Alicia who was munching on her crust. 

Kelly said, "Excuse me, Alicia. I need to use the ladies' room." 

"Sure, hon," she said as she slid off the cushion to her feet. 

As she moved past the doctor, Alicia smiled with much seductiveness then puckered at her. Kelly almost couldn't wait until it was just the two of them but she was still concerned about her "punishment." Maybe she was already in the middle of it. 

She scampered to the restroom, ducked into a stall, and locked it shut. 

She hiked up her dress and looked at her white panties. They were stained with her nectar. She could smell her own scent and she was turned on about to cum hard. 

Kelly pulled down her panties and took them off. She balled them up and walked out attempting to look normal. 

She made her way back to the others. The rush of air up her dress on her bare skin was a naughty feeling, one she'd never felt before. Despite her dress falling to her knees, she still felt exposed and bare. She couldn't believe the things she was doing but there was a lot of appeal to being so bad for once in her life. 

When she arrived back at the table, Alicia let her back in. 

Oliver was tossing his napkin on his plate. "That was some good eating there." 

Renee was sipping her water. "Yeah, I'm stuffed. I don't know how I'm going to work the rest of the day!" 

Alicia was staring at Kelly. 

Kelly slipped her the panties under the table and Alicia bent over to stuff them into her purse. Alicia covered her with the jacket again. 

Alicia said, "I feel like taking the rest of the day off myself." 

Oliver leaned towards Alicia and took her hand. "How are you doing? I know you've had a rough time lately." 

"Thanks but I'm over it, really. I've found ways to occupy my time and I focus on my work so that helps." 

"I'm glad to hear that," he said as he rotated his wrist to view his Rolex. "We still have fifteen minutes before we have to go back. We don't have to rush." 

Renee nodded. "I agree. Let's wait until the last minute this time." 

"Well, I'm going to make that vote unanimous!" Alicia said as she was sliding up Kelly's dress again. 

Kelly had her straw between her lips acting like she wasn't being fondled with. 

A long object, ribbed, with the texture of hardened gel passed over her legs. Kelly wondered if that's what she thought it was. 

Alicia teased her sex with the cock-shaped vibrator. She turned it on the lowest vibration setting hoping the noise would blend with the bustle of the restaurant. 

Kelly couldn't help but think how unfair this was but it felt so good. 

Alicia pushed the head in only and moved it back and forth. Kelly bit on her finger to keep from moaning. The toy went in further and her pussy wrapped around it and squeezed. The vibrations sent waves of pleasure throughout her. Every muscle was tingling. 

Alicia fucked her a little faster, building momentum. She drove it in deep, twisted it around, pulled it away while still twisting, and forced it deep again. 

She left it in as far as possible and switched to the next vibration setting. The cock pulsed faster and Kelly's chest was pumping quicker. The sensations were delightful and speeding her heart like wild. Alicia began shorter strokes and built back up to faster ones. 
