 FALLING INTO HER

Jodie seems to be drawing closer to Kelly but her approaches seem to be more along the lines of straight friendship than anything deeper. When Jodie tells her that she has spoken to her father about Kelly's criminal record, it is with a view to helping her apply as a volunteer fire fighter but has she got another agenda as well? Kelly's grandmother decides to step in and take her shopping for clothes, much to Kelly's concern, she hates clothes shopping but goes along with it just to please her. Their date draws them closer together but will Jodie cross the line or is she just testing the waters?

*

I've learned over the years never to argue with nanna, you'll always lose the argument even if you win. My grandmother was born in 1950 and that makes her part of the baby boomer generation. Her father fought the Japanese in New Guinea and her mother worked in a munitions factory during the war. She has no memory of her father however, he was a career soldier who went to Korea in 1951 and was killed there. 

Her mother was a strict Methodist and I do have memories of a much older woman tut tutting over me when I came to stay with nanna. Apparently, my nanna had also been a single mother back in the day, about the time the then Labour government introduced the single mother's pension. It was decried at the time by Conservatives but the pension made it possible for single mothers to raise children instead of giving them up to the state. I've heard a few guys over the years rant and rave about single mothers getting money for lying on their backs, as they put it but it stopped my nanna from giving up her daughter when her husband left her in 1974.

Unlike her mother, my grandmother is an atheist, it was a bone of contention between them for years she says but to this day she still maintains that while her mother never taught her anything she learned a lot from her. In particular about survival in a world dominated by men. 

Australia in the 1970s was experiencing a cultural revolution. Cleo was launched in 1973, the first Australian women's magazine to have a nude male centrefold. The pill had been available for several years, we got our first Labour government after 23 years of Conservative government. The Vietnam war protests led to Australia's withdrawal from the Vietnam war, young people marched for peace, women's rights, Aboriginal land rights and gay rights, whatever the cause people got out and marched.

Nanna was one of those who laid down in a Melbourne street to commemorate the lives lost in Vietnam. She has a picture of that mass rally, it's an aerial shot and she often points it out to visitors and says, "I'm down there somewhere."

She's always been a progressive, socially aware person and when I came out to her at the age of seventeen she merely shrugged and said it was good I'd made my decision. I was in jail at the time and she used to come and visit me every weekend. Prior to my conviction for armed robbery I'd always thought her a bit of a hippie, she still liked a bit of weed now and then although she hasn't had any for years now. But having her sitting across the table in the visiting hall was like a breath of fresh air in a hell hole of pent up oestrogen and rampant violence.

Nanna has worked all her life and owns her home. She never remarried after her husband left but has had her fair share of boyfriends, I used to call them 'uncles.' I would come through to her bedroom in the middle of the night to find her in bed with Uncle John or Uncle Sam and she'd slap his leg and tell him to put some pants on or sleep on the couch. I'd crawl into bed with her and snuggle up. 

Nevertheless, despite the fact she's got her savings and her superannuation, I felt guilty having nanna take me shopping. I mean I work too but as I mentioned earlier, you don't argue, I managed to compromise. I bought the dinner and she bought the clothes. At the end of the night I came home with two dresses, three tops, two skirts and a jacket, that last item was one I paid for myself and I did lash out on makeup too.

That Saturday morning I wore one of the dresses she'd bought me but with black leggings on underneath. She looked me up and down and shook her head.

"I thought you wanted my help?"

"I did, what's wrong now?"

"You look like a bogan, lose the bloody leggings for Christ's sake."

"She'll see my knees."

"So what?" She folded her arms, "I thought the whole idea was to make you attractive enough for her to want to see more?"

"I'm going to meet her parents."

"Even more reason," she nodded at my legs, "lose the leggings and I'll get my makeup."

I removed them and she did my makeup but nanna was right because when I stepped onto the front verandah, Jodie was just getting out of her car and she grinned when she saw me.

"Wow, who's this hot woman?"

"I feel like I'm in drag," I looked at her white slacks, "how come you get to wear pants and she made me wear a dress?"

"I'm going to have to meet your grandmother," she moved closer and tugged at the sleeves, "very nice indeedy, you look good enough to fuck."

Which made me shut my mouth immediately.

She liked the rose tattoo transfer I'd brought with me, I had my gear in a sports bag and she held it up to the light.

"Yeah, that'll look good."

"You won't feel as much pain this time because it's on your arse cheek."

"So you get to check out my arse a second time," she grinned, "sorry, I just had to slip that one in," she spun around and flicked at her hair, "let's get out of here, I'm starving."

"I um bought your sister a present too," I took out a gift wrapped package, "it's a bottle of perfume."

"You didn't have to do that," she smiled, "I'm sure she'll love it."

We took her car that morning. She drives a V8 Holden Commodore and it's faster than my old Charger, the benefits of fuel injection. We didn't say much on the way to her parents' house in Monbulk but as we pulled into the driveway she looked across and tapped my leg gently.

"Don't be nervous, dad's fine. He knows about your past."

That made me even more nervous but Tony seemed absolutely fine with me when she introduced me and stuck out his hand.

"Nice to finally meet you in person, Jodie says you need a hand."

"Yeah, I want to join the C.F.A."

"No worries, we'll have a bite to eat first and talk later, how's that?"

"Perfect."

Tony has a similar set up to Jodie under his pergola. On one side is a gas-fired barbecue between two kitchen benches and on the other is a wood-fired pizza oven made of fire bricks. Jodie showed me the interior, it's big enough to fit a two foot pizza base.

"I can usually just manage two slices," she chuckled.

Despite my nervousness I soon warmed to her family. Her mother is one of those warm outgoing types who makes you feel 'right as rain.' Roberta admired my tattoos and instantly booked me for a session. A very pregnant Carla turned up not long after with the mystery fella, a quietly spoken guy called Josh who shook hands with everyone but he did give me the once over before shaking my hand. The kids played cricket in the back yard and wanted to know if tattoos hurt and traced the outlines while I chatted with their mother.

I think the word that springs to mind when I think about that barbecue is contentment. There were a lot of laughs, his two Heelers nosed around the pergola where we sat eating, looking for scraps of meat and bones. I downed a couple of stubbies of Vic Bitter and at some point Tony and I discussed crime and punishment without coming to any conclusions. He's very much in the old fashioned style of copper. There was a code of honour between cops and crooks back then.

"Drugs ruined everything," he mused, "in the old days if you caught some guy on the front lawn shooting a gun in the air you took the gun off him, booted him up the arse and told him to come down to the station in the morning when he was sober. Now they call in the Tactical Response boys in case he's high on something."

His advice to me was simple.

"Put in your application and when it comes to the Disclosure, write down the details and under it put my name, rank and phone number. It'll make them sit up and take notice because you're not supposed to just hand out numbers like that. I'll get a call from some pen pusher asking if I know you and I'll say I met you three years ago at a family barbie with Jodie. These guys just want to tick boxes. Half the time it's all they're bloody good for anyway. Have you got some other person not related to me to put down as a referee?"

"Yeah, my nanna's solicitor friend, Fred. He's known me since I was knee high to a grasshopper."

"So that's the plan," he eyed me, "I can't say for sure they'll take you but you knew that already but you sound fair dinkum to me and I go on my instincts. I've met my fair share of ex crims and crims and you sound like you're on the level."

"I am, I've only had one charge since I got out. I was speeding, lost four points off my licence and felt so bloody ashamed."

"It happens to the best of us," he grinned, "I kept all my points until I retired and then I lost six in one hit, I could've gotten off with it because of who I am but I've always been straight down the line with that kind of thing. I drilled it into my girls when they were growing up. If you do the crime you do the bloody time, I'm not going to bail you out because I'm a copper."

"I liked your old man," I told Jodie a few hours later as we drove away, "he's right up front, tells it like it is."

"He likes you," she tooted the horn, "on a scale of ten with one being top marks you got a two, he knocked a point off for armed robbery."

"Well Josh would've gotten a one then."

"Ah, Josh," she chuckled, "now there's a fuckwit and a half, she can do better than him. Dad gave him a six. Did you see the way he was checking me out? Good job I didn't wear skin tight jeans he might have shot his bolt there and then."

I had noticed Josh looking at her more than normal but hadn't thought to mention it and she slapped my leg playfully.

"So, are you in or out?"

"I'm in, now I just have to get signed up to this gym."

"We'll sign you up online at my joint," she replied, "that way I make sure I get my discount. I'll be away all next week at some conference in Sydney so I don't know if you want to do your first session next week but when I get back I'll change my time slot to fit in with you."

She shifted down for a bend in the road.

"That way we can work out together and you know, encourage each other."

With my gym membership sorted out an hour or so later, it was time to tattoo her arse. The only glitch being the fact that Scott was there with Kerry and so Jodie elected for the bedroom.

"This will get Kerry's tongue wagging," she spread a towel over the bedspread, "don't get me wrong, I like the woman but she really needs to use that tongue for more than just talking."

She undid her slacks and let them fall to the floor.

"You all right working in a dress?"

"I'll be fine," I unzipped my bag, "you want a smoke first or are you okay?"

"I should be okay, it didn't hurt as much as I thought, even on the bone."

She flopped onto the bed and hugged a pillow while I knelt on the bed.

"When you're ready," she looked over at me, "if you have to pull my knickers right off go right ahead, I'm no prude."

"Should be okay," I pulled them over her buttocks.

As tattoos go, it was a relatively quick job but it was just a basic rose with a few leaves around it and she wanted a scroll under it too.

"So, whose name goes in the scroll?"

"I haven't got one yet," she murmured, "but it will be someone I like."

I had just finished applying the dressing when her phone rang. It was on the bedside drawers behind me and well out of reach. Jodie groaned and got up on all fours.

"Fucking phone, can you answer that while I get my slacks on, please?"

I shrugged and picked up the phone.

"Hello, this is Jodie's phone, can you just hang on for a minute or two?"

"Hello? Oh, okay," the woman replied, "is she free right now?"

"Yeah, she's just getting changed, I'm Kelly, her tattooist."

"Oh, okay, I've seen that tattoo you did on her back, fantastic work. I'm going to drop by your studio soon."

"No worries," I replied as Jodie pulled her slacks closed and fastened the button, "what's your name by the way?"

"Deanna but most people call me Dee."

"No worries, Dee," I glanced over as Jodie zipped the slacks closed, "I'll look forward to seeing you then, here's Jodie now."

I handed the phone over and Jodie accepted it with a smile.

"Hiya, Dee. Sorry about that. I had to get my pants on... I just got a rose on my arse," she touched her arse gingerly.

"So, what can I do you for?"

I started putting my stuff away as she walked to the window.

"Okay, yeah sure. I'm away this coming week but next week I can slot you in for a free half hour consultation. How are you placed for then?"

She hadn't mentioned the name of the woman at the gym she'd been checking out and I found myself wondering if this was her.

"Wednesday sounds good but let me check my diary, I'll send you a text later on with a time," she turned away from me, "oh, about half an hour or so, you take care."

She hung up and tapped the phone against her palm rhythmically.

"Be right back," she turned and walked to the door, "this one's important."

"I'll be in the living room," I pulled the towel off the bed.

"Okay," she left the room and I was left with my own head.

Was this the woman she'd fantasized over or was I just being paranoid? At that point everything pointed to a woman who might be curious but unwilling or unable to cross the line. I think I stared at myself in the mirror for a good two to three minutes before finally coming out of a reverie.

She's a client, not a girlfriend. Get used to it.

I met her in the living room and she was on the phone to Dee, I only caught the end of the conversation though.

"No worries, I'll see you at six then," she hung up and smiled.

"Sorry about that. Dee's a woman I've teamed up with at the gym. She's a sex worker for an escort agency and we were talking about doing her books but she was kind of unsure about going through with it. Apparently she just got a letter this morning from the A.T.O, she's come up on their system for a random review so she needs to make sure everything is up to their standard."

She fluffed out her hair and grinned.

"That's what I love about working for myself, I meet some fascinating people," she gave me the once over, "a tattooist, a sex worker, I do them all, except for outlaw bikies. Them I don't do for obvious reasons."

She turned to the back yard. Scott was outside with Kerry and the dogs.

"You staying for dinner? It won't be much tonight, just leftovers from last night and you'll have to put up with Kerry."

"I can cope with that," I replied.

"Good," she moved to the back door, "she's all right, don't get me wrong but if I'm not in the mood for her she just grates on me but she's obviously won Scott's heart."

After two hours I tended to agree with her. Kerry is attractive enough but certainly enforces the blonde bimbo stereotype. I found myself getting a little tired after the first hour because she was constantly updating her Facebook page. When not doing that she was practically devouring him in front of us to the point even Scott pushed her away and that put her into a shitty mood. She then tried to get Jodie to gang up with her on Scott. It was all playful fun but eventually she decided she wanted to go home and Scott was staying at her house that night.

"My car's in the street and Jodie is parked behind you," she flicked at her hair as Scott eyed the empty stubby, "so leave your car here and come back to my joint."

"No worries, I'm probably over the fucking limit anyway."

Jodie's face registered mild concern as she shifted in her seat.

"Don't forget you're running me to the airport tomorrow morning."

"I won't, don't worry about it."

He had a strained look on his face when he said that and Kerry just turned and sauntered off as she called out over her shoulder.

"I'll be in the car, when you're ready."

"I'll be there," he promised.

Jodie didn't say a word until she heard the car backing down the driveway.

"God I hope he doesn't bail on me tomorrow. The last time this happened I had to call my dad."

"Is he likely to bail on you?"

"He says he won't but she's been a bit toey lately. I don't ask much of Scott and I've made it bloody clear to her that he and I are definitely not an item but you saw how she was today, and take it from me, she was on her best behaviour today. Usually it's, Scott can you do this for me, Scott can you do that for me and he does it. I'd tell her to put on her big girl pants and do it her fucking self."

She stretched and yawned.

"And on that pleasant note, I'm afraid I have to love you and leave you," she ran a hand through her hair, "but thank you for the day and the lovely tattoo. I'll think of you when I'm lying on my stomach tonight with a burning arse, saying never again."

"Get some cream on it."

"Whipped cream?" Jodie smiled.

"It can be arranged," I replied, "but that's not the cream I was talking about."

Jodie burst out laughing and put her hands over her face.

"Sorry, don't mind me. I'm always like this when I'm on the Bundy and Coke, Scott calls it my leg opener because I usually come on to guys when I'm drinking it and then I wake up in the morning and look at this guy with his mouth open and think okay that was one too many last night."

She rose and ran her hands over her buttocks.

"But cream is going on it tonight, it's starting to burn now."

"Take a cool shower and change the dressing, I've got some spare in my bag."

Some fifteen minutes later we stood at the front door with her dog sniffing around a verandah post. I turned to say goodbye and stepped forward, Jodie put a hand on my waist and gave me a quick hug and then pulled back. A moment or two later she kissed my cheek and released me.

"See you in a week," she smiled and clicked her fingers at the dog.

I drove back to Upwey with my head in a whirl. On the one hand she was flirting but on the other hand she was also hanging back. So what did I do with this situation? Logic told me to just put the sex out of my mind and just take whatever she was prepared to give but that night after a shower I slipped into bed and closed my eyes. I found my mind wandering into fantasy land, the feel of her hair on my face, the mischievous look in her eyes and then I was somewhere else and playing with myself to relieve the sexual tension. When I finally climaxed I actually felt guilty, as if I'd been thinking about someone else's partner.

***

I've always been a light sleeper, I think it's a natural consequence of my early childhood. Nanna says that mum used to leave me either on my own when she went out working or with a friend and I guess being in such an insecure environment, surrounded by druggies has permanently affected my sleeping patterns. I can wake up to a huntsman tapping its fangs on the wall above me while nanna could sleep through an earthquake. I woke with a start that Sunday morning to my phone going off and it was only on vibrate mode. I answered it without even opening my eyes.

"Kelly here, who's this?"

"Kelly. It's me, Jodie, are you awake?"

"If I wasn't awake, you wouldn't be talking to me," I opened my eyes, "what's up?"

She didn't answer and I pinched my nose.

"Sorry, I um, I was fucking around, you just woke me up."

"Sorry."

"Don't be sorry, what's wrong?"

"Um, can you do me a huge, huge favour?"

"Name it," I sat up.
