 After spending some quality overnight time with my girlfriend, I learned plenty of new things and discovered how jealous she really was. An old friend of mine picked our one year anniversary to come visit. It was the only day I could see him. My girlfriend did not care how much of a lesbian I was, she hated everyone interested in me. And Jason was definitely interested. I had known him since we were 11, 9 years ago. We were close, only problem was that he wanted to be closer.

Jason moved six months ago to California. He was coming for three days, but my girlfriend insisted on seeing him with me, which was completely understandable considering he picked the only day we would ever make a whole year together. As I was getting ready to jump in the shower, Cassie barged through my front door. She locked it, and I went to greet her happily, but she beat me to it, grabbing my face and kissing me deeply. I laughed as she pulled away with a goofy grin on her face.

"What was that for? Whatever it is, I didn't do anything," I laughed.

"No, but you will," she grinned.

I looked up at my girlfriend, a year and a half my junior. Realization dawned on me and I felt heat creep up my face. She giggled.

"I have to shower," I mumbled nervously. 

The only sexual experience I ever had was with Cassie, and we rarely ever did anything that involved undressing, so it was needless to say that I still felt nervous with the idea of sex. 

"I should help you," she smiled slyly.

The heat in my face grew more intense but I shrugged, trying to act nonchalant. She laughed, grabbed my things and led me to the bathroom.

"Can you believe it's been a year?" I said slowly, watching her undress.

"It's amazing isn't it?" she commented casually.

"Uh-huh," I breathed, distracted by her bra falling to the floor. Her large breasts, freed by that evil, black, lacey bra teased me, her hard nipples just screaming to be touched.

"Just a shower, right?" she teased, noticing the glazed look in my eyes.

"Uh-huh," I let out again, watching her bend down to take off her black and pink thong.

"You plan on showering in clothes?" she asked playfully.

"What? Clothes?" I asked, my mind foggy and not processing her words.

I could feel myself growing anxious at the warm feeling between my legs. Cassie laughed and began to undress me. She took each layer off separately until I was completely naked. 

"Hi," she breathed, taking her finger down the middle of my chest.

I inhaled sharply, and I could feel myself immediately getting wet at her electric touch. But quickly, too quickly, it was all gone as she stepped into the shower. I longed for her skin against mine, so I quickly followed. Cassie giggled and grinned as I watched her turn on the water. It was cold at first, but I didn't care. I was too busy watching the water droplets slide down her beautiful body. She began to wash herself and I couldn't breathe. I felt my pulse in between my legs and silently praised God that I finally lived in my own apartment.

"You plan on using soap?" she asked playfully.

"I... what? Oh. I... um... yeah," I stammered awkwardly.

I had never once seen Cassie in the shower, so I tried to memorize every single curve where the water would slide down her body. Her light brown hair clung to her neck and shoulders, her pale skin glistening from the water. 

"Need help?" Cassie grinned, obviously trying to suppress a giggle.

I could only nod, words failing me. Cassie grabbed the soap and began cleaning me. Her hands lingered at my breasts, where my nipples quickly hardened. I had to remember to breathe. Her fingers slid down my stomach, slipping lower and lower. She finally reached my dripping core and my knees trembled, threatening to give in.

"Want to move?" she asked, noticing my shaky legs.

I stared at her through hazy eyes.

"I'll take that as a no," she giggled.

I felt two of her long fingers slip inside of me, and I grabbed her arm before I could collapse. She held me up with her left arm, and slowly pumped her fingers in and out of me. Her lips trailed a gentle path of fire down my neck, and as the water beat down on us, I could only gasp softly and groan.

"You know how I told you I'm not aggressive as a lover?" she said calmly, watching me.

I bit my lip and nodded, my eyes struggling to stay open. They locked onto her face, where a devilish grin was forming.

"I think I might have lied," she said, and slammed me into the shower tiles.

I moaned out loudly as I felt my head bang into the wall, and clawed at her back as her teeth bit down on my neck. Her fingers picked up speed and I felt tension building up in the pit of my stomach almost immediately. My legs weren't going to support me much longer, I felt them slowly turning to jelly.

"C... Cassie," I groaned. "Legs..."

She got it. Not caring to turn the water off, she picked me up, bridal style and carried me to my bed. As soon as I was laying down, she made her way down my body. She left burning kisses down my body, and before I knew it, her head was in between my legs. I felt her flick my clit with the tip of her tongue and my hand instinctively tangled itself in her wet hair. I felt her smile against me, and then she thrust her fingers inside of my soaking pussy, filling me. The friction was pushing me closer with every single movement. I felt my walls begin to slowly tighten around her fingers.

"Come on, baby," she whispered, "You know you want to."

Even though it wasn't exactly dirty talking, her voice sent me over the edge. I moaned out her name as her fingers curled inside of me. My stomach exploded, my eyes rolled into the back of my head and my walls clenched her fingers. When I came back to earth, Cassie was hovering over me, the goofy grin playing on her lips. I laughed tiredly and she kissed me, letting me taste myself.

"Mm," she groaned softly. "You have to get dressed."

I must have looked offended (we always cuddled afterward) because she laid down and pulled me to lay on top of her.

"I thought you wouldn't want to be late," she said as her way of apologizing.

"Shit," I said, remembering my plans. "Ten minutes?"

"Fifteen?" she grinned and kissed the top of my head.

I nuzzled into her neck, smiled and nodded as her arms wrapped around my waist. Everything was perfect, at least while I was with Cassie.