 I watched as Alex's shimmering hair brushed her shoulders with each turn of her head. I watched her hips sway seductively as she moved through the room. I noted her infectious smile as she greeted her arriving guests with hugs and friendly pecks on the cheek. I watched her as I have watched her for the past three months, quietly...secretly. 

Alex was a new acquaintance. We met through a friend of a friend and were quickly on our way to becoming great friends ourselves. We've talked on the phone many nights into the wee hours. We have had several lunch meetings and I've attended her monthly get-togethers the past two months. I've tried to be around her as much as I could. I loved being in intimate situations alone with her. I was attracted from the moment I laid eyes on her; however, I'm still trying to figure out where the boundaries are sexually. It appears to me that we've shared knowing glances, that certain caresses from her were deliberate. At other times it seems like we have the typical hetero-female friendship. 

With most bi-sexual or lesbian women I've met it was obvious... no guessing, no games. They have made it clear by their actions or just being straightforward and proud, not caring who knew. I myself have not been giving a clear indication as to my sexual orientation either. I didn't want to scare her off or make her feel uncomfortable.

Alex was different, or maybe she was just unsure of her own sexuality. Maybe she was just one of those people that are touchy-feely with everyone she knows. So I've watched her. Watched her reactions to her other female friends, took note of how she touches them during conversation and the way she looks at them when they aren't looking at her. There is a lot to be said with body language and just a look and I was trying to hear what hers was saying, or not saying if that was the case. 

I've come to a decision to put her to a final test, and tonight is as good a time as any. I can't wait and watch any longer. I can't be with her and not touch her and not know if she feels the same way. If all goes well, and I hope it does, I'll finally be making love to her tonight. I've thought about it many times in the past weeks, I've masturbated while imagining touching her, tasting her. My thoughts have been consumed with the embellished details of how we would make love. 

I was lost in my fantasy world when she whispered in my ear; startling me and bringing me back to reality. The room had filled up quickly and the decibel level had risen considerably. I had to wonder to myself how I was even able to hold a thought with all the noise.

"Hey Lindsey, where are you," she whispered in my ear as she bent over my shoulder from behind me? 

Her voice sounded so soft and clear in the chatter filled room, as if we were the only two people there. Her warm breath on my neck caused goose bumps to spring up all over my body. Being so close I could smell her perfume, Obsession, her favorite fragrance to wear when she was entertaining. Her hair fell forward, lightly brushing my cheek. I inhaled nonchalantly, filling my nose with the faint scent of her shampoo, not able to put a name to the bouquet. 

"Oh, hey you. I'm right here. No place I'd rather be than here with you having a good time," I smiled and half turned to face her.

"So, what were you thinking about? You seemed awfully deep in thought," she asked as she came around the love seat and sat next to me. She laid her hand on my thigh as she took her seat; her knees angled so that they were touching the side of my leg, every nerve came alive and tingled with just the slightest touch from her. My nipples hardened, a flash of heat surged through my lower stomach and shot down like a streak of white, hot lightening between my legs. 

"Um, well, nothing really. I was just lost in my own little world. Everyone knows me there, ya know," I joked, laughing half-heartedly. I was trying to mentally hold back the flames that were threatening to burn through my pussy and set fire to the cushion under me.

Well, I know you sweetie. I think maybe I might know you better than you know yourself." Alex slid her hand up my thigh just a little higher, squeezing gently. 

Here we go, another touch from Alex that could be an innocent gesture or could be a sign that she's testing the waters herself. At any rate it was a prime opportunity and I wasn't going to let it pass. I laid my hand over hers, moved it a tad bit higher and slid both ours hands closer to my smoldering inferno. Alex didn't pull her hand away and my heart raced at the thought of what that could mean. 

"Well, I had better mingle with the others; I don't want to miss out on any juicy gossip." Alex trailed her fingers down the inside of my leg to my knee as she stood up. I'm sure if there had not been so much noise in the room she would have heard the low moan that I unsuccessfully tried to stifle.

"Okay, and you wouldn't want them to start talking about how much time we spend together either," I said winking at her and testing her further.

"Ahh, I don't care about that. We can spend more time talking later; when it's quieter; if you wouldn't mind hang around while I clean up after everyone leaves." 

Her comment and tone of voice sounded so innocent, making it no easier to get a good read on her. Naturally, I couldn't say no. I lived for these chances to be alone with her and this time it could work to my advantage.

"Yea, no problem. I'd love to help you out," I said, beaming inwardly at the thought of what I was hoping would happen once we were alone.

"Great, they should start to clear out of here in a few more hours. Have fun and do some mingling yourself," she smiled down at me before she walked away and started talking to a guy she'd known since grade school.

Around eleven O' clock people started leaving, by midnight Alex was shutting the door behind the last partygoer. She flipped the lock, turned and scanned the room, sizing up the mess in a single glance. "Well, not to bad. I've seen worse, this shouldn't take long to clean up"; her voice caused my nipples to stand erect once again, or maybe it was because I knew we were finally alone. 

With her arms full of used cups and plates she headed to the kitchen. I followed right behind her, now was my chance, as Alex dropped the trash into the bin I moved in closer to her. When she turned we were face to face, we stood looking into each other's eyes for what seemed like hours but in reality only seconds had passed.

"Alex..."was the only word I got out. She leaned into me covering my mouth with hers and kissed me deeply, lustfully. Before I had time to comprehend what was going on her hands were on my waist, sliding around my hips, pulling me closer to her. Her tongue danced with mine, gliding across my teeth and lips. I couldn't believe this was finally happening. I couldn't believe that it was Alex who initiated it. My thoughts didn't dwell on the hows and whys for long, I kissed her back with equal passion; I was breathless, gasping with pleasure as our lips parted and eager for more when they met again.

Alex's hands slid up my torso, quickly making their way to my aching breasts. My chest was heaving, my breathing erratic as I anticipated the first touch. I was moaning into her mouth as her fingertips gently pinched my hard nipples and kneaded my burning flesh through my bra. She broke our kiss and gently pushed me back against the table a few inches behind me. Alex grabbed the hem of her blouse and pulled it over her head, dropping it on the tile floor at our feet. 

I couldn't help but stare at her beautiful breasts, they were so firm and ample, still mostly hidden under her black lacy bra. She moved closer and I reached out and slipped the straps off of her shoulders, pulling the last thing standing between me and those gorgeous mounds down around her waist. Her nipples were a beautiful pink, erect and begging for attention. I brushed her pert buds with the back of my hand, rubbing back and forth causing them to protrude even more. Alex groaned deep in her throat and reached for the hem on my shirt. In one fluent motion she pulled my shirt and bra over my head. She pressed her body against mine and I could feel the heat from her breast rise up into my face. She was so soft; her skin was like a velvet blanket that I wanted to wrap myself in. 

Our lips met once more and we kissed lustfully, panting when we would break away to get a much needed breath of air. Alex hastily undid the button and zipper on my jeans, and then her own, pushing hers down and stepping out of them, unlike me she wasn't wearing anything underneath. She dropped to her knees as she slid mine down my trembling legs, leaving them pooled around my ankles. She leaned forward and kissed and licked along the waistband of my red, thong panties, one hand caressing my bare ass the other sliding up against my wet pussy. I moaned loudly and my legs almost gave out on me, I had been fantasizing about this moment for so long and now it was finally happening and even better than I imagined it would be. I was in sensory overload and welcoming every surge of erotic electricity as it pulsed through my entire body.

Alex's finger pushed aside the thin strip of cloth of my thong and started to rub my smooth wet lips fervently. She was getting closer to my throbbing clit as she parted them more with each stroke and then finally making contact with my hard nub. I sighed and grunted and moaned all at once, an expression of unadulterated bliss, it felt so good having her touch me, working my clit feverishly. Alex was moaning as well from her position on the floor in front of me. I looked down at her as she rubbed my greedy pussy and saw that she was fingering herself with her other hand. I wanted so badly to taste her and touch her like she was touching me.

I lifted one leg out of the jeans around my ankles and Alex leaned back, withdrawing her finger as she did. I stepped out of the other pant leg and got on my knees in front of her. I pulled her to me, delighting in the warmth and silkiness of her skin against mine. I brought the hand that she had moments before had between my legs to my mouth and licked my sticky liquid from her fingers. The familiar scent of my juices filled my nose as I sucked her fingers farther into my mouth, cleaning them with my tongue.

"Mmm, Alex moaned, as she traced my lips with the fingertips of her other hand.

"Lie back," I told her as I gently nudged her in the direction I wanted her to go.

Alex lay back onto the floor, arching her back against the cold, faux marble tile, purring softly. Her legs were parted slightly and I put my palms on the inside of her knees to open them more. It gave me my first look at her pussy; the lips were glistening with her juices. Still sitting on my knees I leaned forward, putting my face inches from her wet sex. I inhaled the musky scent of her arousal and then slowly slid my index finger upward between her soft lips until I reached her pulsating clit. Alex moaned and arched her back again, this time from my touch and not the frigid tile beneath her. I rolled her hard button between my thumb and index finger, coaxing a low moan from deep inside of her. Her hips rotated as I lowered my mouth to her sensitive nub. I pulled her hard clit upward and flicked it gently with my tongue and then began to run it up, down and over her throbbing button. I applied just enough pressure as I licked upward and made barely any contact on the way down. When I reached the end of an up stroke I sucked her bud between my lips and gently slid my teeth across it.

Alex squirmed under me as I slid a single finger into her clenching love hole. While sucking and licking her clit her constant moaning turned to groans and pants, her body jerked and writhed on the floor. She was so wet, the room echoed with the sucking, slurping noises brought by my fingers pumping in and out of her tight pussy. The smell of sex hung in the air all around us. She tasted great, better than I had fantasized, I wanted to stay there between her legs and feast on her juices until she had no more to give, but then again I wanted her to touch me like I was touching her. I wanted us to cum together, I wanted to kiss her and let her taste herself on my lips.

I sat up and looked at Alex as she fucked my fingers, she was beautiful beyond words. Sliding up her body I laid beside her, my finger never leaving its place in her hot pussy. She turned her head and kissed me hungrily, licking my lips, sucking my tongue, dinning on my mouth and her sticky sweetness. Alex's' hand found my wet treasure, she started rubbing gently and I slowly began rocking my hips. I pushed forward as she pulled back and pushed harder as she delved deep into me, her thumb working my clit masterfully at the same time. Riding her fingers I started to cum, moaning and gasping as my juices ran over her hand and onto the floor. Alex fucked my fingers faster as she slowed the pace of hers between my legs. She groaned and her body stiffened as she cried out, "Oh, oh...yes. mmm. I'm cumming, oh God I'm cumming. She quivered and convulsed as she rode to the peak of her orgasm and then slowly she relaxed and lay motionless on the floor beside me catching her breath as it subsided.

"Alex, that was amaz..."I started and she quickly stopped me with a finger pressed gently to my lips. She smiled at me and without a word wiggled herself down my body, planting soft kisses along the way until her head was even with my still dripping pussy. She lifted herself over my leg and laid between them, pushing them wider as she settled into a comfortable position. Immediately she lowered her face and began licking the sticky cream from my lips, gliding her tongue in long strokes from the bottom to the top, gathering every drop of my cum. She was moaning, "mmmm," as she savored my juices on her tongue and rolled them in her mouth before swallowing and going back for more. 

I gasped and bucked my hips as she cleaned my pussy; it felt so good when her tongue would glide across my clit. She licked, sucked and slurped my sweet juices until I couldn't stand another caress; I came again, flooding her mouth as she pressed it against my throbbing pussy. I groaned and cried out from between clenched teeth, "Oh, fuck yes. Yes... suck my pussy baby." Her tongue drove deep into my hole and she sucked enthusiastically until I laid still under her. 

She moved stealthily up my body until she was face to face with me, her chin glistening with my juices. Leaning down she kissed me deeply, her tongue once again dancing with mine, letting me taste myself as we kissed passionately. After several minutes, Alex pulled back and looked me in the eye, her fingers fondled my hair as she rolled to the side.

"That was incredible, best fuck I've had in months. I was getting tired of waiting on you to make a move you know," Alex said matter-of-factly.

I was flabbergasted; I turned to look at her. "Hell, I wasn't sure about you. I couldn't tell if you were game or not, I've been watching for months trying to figure you out."

"I knew you were watching," she laughed, "Toying with you was half the fun of seducing you, honey." 

At that I busted out laughing, "All this time I was setting a plan to seduce you... watching and waiting for just the right moment to move in. You're such a cunning little seductress, Alex."

"Hum...well, yes I guess I am," she said sheepishly and we both giggled like schoolgirls as we got up and headed off hand-in-hand to take a shower.