 I went back to Oldfather's again where Lisa and I had frequented for years. Ever since she dumped me it hurt too much to do much of anything, especially go to that bar. But I finally decided to be a part of life again. I hoped that sooner or later I'd meet new friends and would then associate the place with them instead of Lisa.

One night about two months ago I was up at the bar, which was where I usually sat when I was alone. I didn't like being in the spotlight like that, but I figured I wouldn't meet people if I weren't so noticeable. I definitely didn't knock my drink off the counter and crash it upon the floor on purpose, but if I hadn't I probably would never have known Gwynn.

As I tried to handle the mess she crouched down beside me, and with a smile said, "Hi." I was surprised by how much that gesture touched me. As the waitress came and finished it up Gwynn suggested we sit at a booth where it was more comfortable.

She said she had been noticing me and was wondering what I was writing. I told her it was many things: thoughts, stories, solutions, sometimes drawings. Anything to keep me from staring at nothing. Just so it would look like I had a purpose. She said she wanted to know what I felt like when I sat there alone. I told her it felt nothing like how I felt after the moment she said, "Hi". She smiled. Our hands somehow touched and we held on. Her smile didn't quit. Her eyes wouldn't let go. I didn't know anything about her, except that somehow she felt just as I did.

Talking was magical. Years of layers around each of us were suddenly not there. It was as if the world no longer had meaning or presence. She said she had a friend who was so dear to her. I suddenly didn't know what to think or feel. Gwynn, I found out, has many friends. She is special in that way. My heart wanted to be a part of hers. I kept hold of her hands as she talked. She seemed to like that.

My expression of consuming interest in every part of her remained fixed I as heard her speak dearly of her close friend. After a several minutes I heard her friend described as a 'she'. I couldn't feel my expression. From the swirling of so many emotions I lost sense of what was within me. I didn't know what to say or how to be. I just 'was' as my heart supported hers. She described to me the love and closeness they felt together. As I felt her I began to learn that there are so many kinds of friendship and love, so many parts of us that need so much.

We felt something together, something deep within us that the other could reach inside and warmly touch. I didn't want to let her go. I didn't want to loose sight of her. I didn't want reality to return, but only to feel her through me, to feel alive inside again.

The feelings between Gwynn and I literally drew us closer, our hands pulling us together. Her lips so soft, her eyes so deep. It couldn't be. We kissed, long and silently, conforming and warm. My hand by some mystical power pulled her around to my side of the booth where our arms wrapped around each other. We kissed so long, breaking only to feel her cheeks and neck with my lips. She held me tighter. Her mouth burned below my ear. Our inner selves awakened as we embraced the other's hidden and most protected depths.

She held my cheek with her soft hands and looked into my eyes. My hands held her sides, my forearms brushing her breasts. Time was no longer. Forever was felt and tasted. She laid her hand upon my lap, her fingers floating across my overcome, heightened arousal for her. She rested upon it then lightly around it. It felt like the hands of a thousand women. My open lips kissed hers, echoing to her my returned, intense passion for her.

She took my hand and held it firmly. With her eyes not leaving mine she slid slowly out of the booth, drawing me with her. We stood holding each other. I placed some bills on the table. Arm in arm we left not saying a word, not walking but riding what we felt together. My car appeared before us and my hand retrieved my key from, my pocket. With melting mouths she slipped into the front seat.

As my door closed the world disappeared and there was only us. Our mouths hungrily devoured what was never consumed, but remained only to be tasted and felt again and again and again. Her hand found me and gripped firmly as we let go of more and more of ourselves, until even we were gone from the present but somewhere away in the universe together.

She retrieved what was so fully aroused by her presence, by her touch, by her voice, by her eyes, by her entire being. She slid forward as my hand caressed up her skirt, and my fingers slid passed her soaked veil and entered her hot body. Our tongues echoed and amplified the arousing stimulation of our hands. Our surging breasts powered our contracting bodies. My lips felt the beating of her pulsing heart upon her neck as her sharp inhales heralded the clamping of my fingers from her burning rapture.

Gathering her breath she leaned over and took me in her mouth. Panting fiercely her head rose and fell with her moans. My hand glided under her skirt and panties and cupped her warm buns as I felt the warmth and intensity of her lips and tongue stroke the variations along my length. My thighs tightened and squirmed, my panting matched hers as she drew me harder and longer. My quivering hands softly stroked her long, soft, copper brown hair as I uttered, "Are you sure?" My thighs flinched and my right hand gripped her side as my body released. Her moans doubled, her head rocked faster as I felt her suck load after load after load. My tip became so sensitive that my hands tried unavailingly to steady her, but finally pulling her off me and up to where our lips could again be warmed by the other's. Our faces melted again together as our tongues tasted me.

Breathing heavily we rested against each other. "I'm so late," she said. "Kayla will be worried. Please come meet her tomorrow night. She would like that so much," Gwynn asked.

"How do you know?" I asked.

"I know her," she said kissing me again. "We would love to have you," she continued.

"I would like that," I said, feeling what she felt.

I arrived at Kayla's the next night at the agreed upon time. Gwynn greeted me at the door with a warm hug. Smiling shyly at me, Kayla put her arm around Gwynn's waist. Kayla was in a sleeveless, white button down blouse and dark blue shorts.

"Kayla, meet Rich," Gwynn said. Kayla extended a hand and I held it. "I'm very happy to meet you, Kayla," I said.

Smiling, she said "I'm glad to meet you, too."

They ushered me to her living room. The three of us sat warmly on her couch with Gwynn in the middle. Kayla and Gwynn talked about various matters. As I watched Gwynn I began to feel again what I felt with her the night before. Gwynn laid her hand upon my thigh as she proudly told Kayla about me, about what she saw for weeks. Kayla became as deeply transfixed with Gwynn as I did, and her expression echoed how I felt. But who was bewitched by whom? My heart raced within me as Kayla tenderly kissed Gwynn's shoulder. Kayla's hand caressed Gwynn's arm as mine would. Gwynn's voice heightened as she talked, each of us breathing more heavily. Kayla put her hand on Gwynn's thigh, then up to her breast as Gwynn turned to her. Kayla took her mouth with hers.

Breaking from Kayla, Gwynn turned to me and tongued my mouth as Kayla slid her hand up Gwynn's blouse, cupping Gwynn's breast. "Oh, god!" Gwynn moaned over and over. Kayla started lifting up Gwynn's top and by some consuming power I helped her. Gwynn's thin bra and soft skin were exposed as our lips again sucked tightly. Kayla removed Gwynn's bra in and instant and reached around from behind to hold her breasts.

Kayla pulled Gwynn backwards until her lips replaced mine upon Gwynn's. I held and caressed Gwynn's bare, aroused breasts below me as the two of them kissed and tongued wetly. Gwynn's tummy heaved with passion as I played with her nipples. My eyes drank in her open legs below me. I imagined Gwynn's cunt within her jeans. Her hips rocked as if aching for more. Wanting it, needing it, demanding it, requiring it. Gwynn pulled at Kayla's long blonde hair as my hand gripped Gwynn's jeaned pussy tightly. My thumb and fingers rubbed her hot crotch as her breasts heaved all the more until she came hard, squirming fitfully on the couch between Kayla and me. Gwynn's hands frantically groped at Kayla's blouse, desperately struggling to remove it.

Gwynn managed to rise up, roll over and push Kayla backwards against the arm of the couch. With her breasts free, Gwynn feverishly worked on removing Kayla's blouse while I massaged Gwynn's pussy from behind. With a whip of her hand, Gwynn unsnapped her own jeans for me and went back to Kayla's breasts. I slid Gwynn's jeans down to her knees, panties and all, revealing her ass and burning pussy. My tongue dived upon her bung, then slid down to her drenched cunt, licking her hard and drinking her lust for me. My tongue flirted around her bung until it slid in over and over and over, then down again to her pussy and up again for more pleasure.

I heard Gwynn lapping at Kayla's nipples as Gwynn moaned uncontrollably. I slid off the couch and kneeled beside Kayla's grinding hips. I held and massaged Kayla's pussy through her shorts. I grabbed the waistband of her shorts and slid them down. Gwynn let loose of her long enough to help me remove them from her, then she dived down and buried her face deep in her snatch as Kayla lightly held her head. I sucked in Kayla's nipples, alternating between them by my pleasure. Kayla grabbed my cheeks and pulled me to her mouth. We French kissed deeply as Kayla orgasmed from Gwynn's mouth. Kayla thrashed and sucked my air and tongue as her body convulsed from Gwynn's mouth. Kayla writhed and moaned loudly as tongues and hands and pussy covered and devoured her.

Kayla began to roll towards me, pushing me back onto the floor as she rolled atop me. Gwynn grabbed at my pants and undid them as Kayla un-tucked my shirt. Kayla's mouth roaming down my neck and between my ears. Gwynn lowed my pants as my hands cupped Kayla's breasts. Before I knew it Gwynn's hot cunt slipped down my stiffness. She fucked me as she wished, how she wished, the way she wished as I sucked Kayla's breasts even harder.

Kayla's wet kisses slid down my chest and tummy until, as if some cue was given, Gwynn lifted off me and Kayla's mouth engulfed me. Gwynn moved around and straddling above my face, lowered her cunt onto my face. My tongue lavished her cunt as Kayla sucked me. I do not know why I hadn't already squirted; I was so stiff it almost hurt. Kayla slid her cunt down me while the two of them kissed and petted each other's breasts. Kayla lifted up and paused when I got close.

As I licked Gwynn's juices I felt a finger run along my tongue. It was Kayla's. Kayla played in Gwynn's cunt along side my tongue. As Gwynn was about out of control in orgasm I grabbed her ass above me and pulled her down me a bit so my tongue could play in her bung. Kayla laid down atop me and sucked Gwynn's cunt as she wished. Gwynn's body trembled between my steadying hands as orgasms shot through her body.

Both girls lifted off me as Kayla doggied. Gwynn's mouth jumped to her upward ass. I kneeled beside her and we both licked an sucked her rim like two kittens fighting for the same nipple. Gwynn went lower to her pussy and I took over her ass, sliding my tongue deep into her tight hole.

Gwynn reached back and gripped my bloated cock. She pulled it forward towards Kayla's ass. Gwynn slid on the carpet towards the couch and to Kayla's face as the two of them French kissed. Gwynn patted Kayla's ass, then slapped it, motioning me with her forefinger to fuck it. I slid my tip the length of her crack several times as the two girls took turns sucking and messaging each other's nipples.

I fucked deep in Kayla's ass as Gwynn's fingers slid deep into Kayla's muff. Kayla collapsed in orgasm as my balls pounded her pussy. Gwynn held Kayla's moaning mouth tight between her breasts as I fucked harder and deeper, finally squirting my loads into her hot ass. She screamed with pleasure as her ass and cunt were stroked at the same time by two lovers.

We collapsed beside each other, spooning side by side as our hands and arms and legs and tongues roamed. Kayla was between us as Gwynn and I each took a nipple, and felt her quivering pussy. The three of us French kissed together, our tongues playing and sliding and penetrating where they may. We kissed cheeks, felt hips, breasts, hips, pussies, cock.

"We not letting you out of our site," Kayla said.

"Maybe you could make good use of me by assigning me the cooking and cleaning," I suggested with a smile.

Gwynn looked at me and seductively said, "You wont have time for that," as she played with my cock, making it grow for her. The two of them played and stroked an pulled and licked until Gwynn said, "Come to bed. Let's do this right."

We went to Kayla's bedroom where Gwynn laid on her back with her legs open. "I've been wanting this all night." Pointing to her pussy she said, "Fuck here." I laid atop her and fucked in furiously as Kayla rubbed and played with Gwynn's nipples. I didn't stop until I shot into her my cream.

"There," she said, "That hit the spot." Gwynn rolled over and hugged Kayla laying beside her. I laid down on Kayla's side so Gwynn and I could hold Kayla between us. "Hey," Kayla said to me after a moment, "Don't get too relaxed. You owe me one."

"I owe you hundreds," I said, "Thank you for having such a wonderful friend."

"Are you going to let him get away with that?" Gwynn asked Kayla.

"No," she answered mischievously. "You have to go to work tomorrow. I have tomorrow off, remember? Forgive me if I haven't managed to find time to cook dinner."

Gwynn kissed Kayla, and held her all the closer.