 I approached the hotel and it was a drive I had done so many times and as many times before it was a gloomy evening in Preston, I was just glad to get to the hotel, working away from home was sometimes tough and it had been a hell of a day at work. I got out of the car and could feel the cold and I just couldn't wait to get in the bath and have a soak and unwind, usually I would take a shower but tonight it was definitely going to be the bath. I made my way to the desk and was greeted by a new member of staff and I knew this as I didn't know her and the regular staff all knew me as I had been doing this stay for 2 years, I looked at her name badge which read Samantha.

"Hi I have a reservation, the name is Liz Beaumont," I said.

"Ok Mrs Beaumont have stayed with us before? Asked Samantha as she typed on her computer.

I gave out a little laugh before answering.

"Yes I'm a regular usually once a month here."

Samantha smiled back at me as she sorted the key card for me.

"Ok Mrs Beaumont you are on the 4th floor and here's your key card, do you require a reservation in the restaurant?"

"No it's fine I have already eaten," I replied as I picked up my key card and headed for the lift.

I looked at the key card and I was in room 417 and within a couple of minutes I was in my room, the rooms were very comfortable and very spacious, not Vegas spacious but my company weren't putting me in a cheap dump. I dropped my overnight bag on the chair and went into the bathroom and started to fill the bath, although the bath would be soothing and relaxing I also was looking forward to my massage as well.

This all started a couple months after I had begun staying here, on one stay I noticed a card slipped under my door which advertised a massage service in your room, now I was a bit suspicious of this and although this was a very reputable hotel I checked out the company online and they had a string of massage places around the country and also did visits as well. On this occasion I was little wound up from work and decided to give this a go and ordered a masseur, later that evening a gentleman called Gavin arrived at my room, he was about 6ft tall and was in his 30's and had short black hair and was quite stocky.

On my next stay I ordered again and I asked for Gavin and he turned up that evening and on this occasion after the massage he asked if I maybe wanted some extra massage, I knew what he meant and I was a little taken back but maybe he caught me on the right day, I had had a bit of an argument with my husband the night before and I was still mad with him so in a moment of madness I agreed and I can say I never regretted it as it was a wonderful time of love making.

I was 42 then and although we had three wonderful children my life felt a little empty sex wise, sure we would have sex but it never felt great, but my evening with Gavin was different and I felt so appreciated and loved, I knew he probably did this with a few women but I didn't care, my time with him felt good and for once a month I felt spoilt. It was more enjoying now as well because my husband and I had separated a couple of months ago and although there was little guilt when I had been with Gavin while still with my husband, now I felt a little easier with this.

The massage company always text me to confirm and ask the room number I was staying in, I heard my phone go off just as I was undressing, I was down to my cream bra and panties as I went over to the bedside table to read my message, but I got bit of a surprise as I read through it.

"Hi Mrs Beaumont we are confirming your 8pm appointment for this evening at the Pines hotel, please reply with your room number to confirm. We regret that your preferred masseur is unavailable so your masseur this evening will be Susie."

I read the text three times just so it would filter into my brain, not only was Gavin not available but I was getting a female masseur, now don't get me wrong I'm no prude but I was used to a man relaxing me. I rang the company to see if they could change it.

"Hi this is Relaxa Spa and you are speaking to Rachel, how can I help?"

"Hello I'm Mrs Beaumont and I'm staying at the Pines hotel and you have just text me to say I have a change of masseur and I was hoping that I can request a male masseur instead."

There was a slight pause and I could hear the keyboard being tapped on.

"I'm sorry but there are no male masseurs available to do visits this evening."

My heart sank a little, but I couldn't cancel as I needed to relax and a massage was something I knew would relax me and help me sleep.

"Well if that's all you got then I will have to take it, I'm in room 417."

"That's fine Mrs Beaumont, Susie will be with you just before 8pm, thanks for calling."

The phone went dead and I dropped it onto the bed and got up to take my bath, I went into the bathroom and unhooked my bra and let it fall to the ground, I looked in the mirror at my 34 C breasts as I slipped off my panties, and again I looked at my 5"8 size 12 frame and the proof that I had 3 kids. I tested the water and then I submerged my naked body into the hot water, I just lay there relaxing for a few minutes before I started soaping my body.

After about half an hour I got out of the bath and dried myself and put on a gown that I had brought with me, I looked at the clock and it would only be a few minutes before Susie would arrive, I went and got the bottle of wine that I had picked up on the way to the hotel and opened it up and poured it into a glass, I was gulping it more than sipping as I waited for the knock on the door. 

Although I knew this woman would do her job in relaxing me I was also disappointed that the one thing I always look forward to on these stays would be lacking and that of course would be someone to satisfy my sexual frustration.

Just before 8pm there was a knock on the door and I put down my wine glass and went to answer it, I opened the door and there stood a lady with black hair which was tied back, she was just slightly taller than me.

"Hi I'm Susie from Relaxa," she said as she confirmed it by showing me her identification and I could see from the I.D she was 29.

"Hi I'm Liz, please come in."

Susie came into the room and I put privacy sign on the outside of the door before closing it, Susie was wearing a black jacket and black pants and carrying a medium size bag with the company logo on the side of it. She put the bag down and removed her jacket to reveal a white blouse but it was very loose fitting but I could tell she was quite a slender girl.

"Right Liz what is it you would like and are there any particular areas that need attention?"

"Well just my shoulders, back and legs really," I answered

"Ok well if you want to take your gown off and get comfy and I'll just go and wash my hands and get ready," Susie said as she disappeared into the bathroom.

As soon as she went in I undid the belt and took off my robe and placed it on the chair, and I lay face down on the bed and placed a towel over my bum. Susie came back into the room and went over to her bag before coming over to the bed.

"Because it's a little different from doing this at the spa, would you like me to massage you from the side or kneel over you, some people have different preferences." Susie said as she stood above me.

I slightly lifted my head and replied.

"Whichever way you thinks the best."

Susie never answered but she kicked off her sandals and climbed onto the bed and knelt astride my body, I could smell the aroma of the oil as she put it on her hands then I felt her touch on my shoulders. Her fingers started to caress my skin more than massage it, she gradually applied a little more pressure on my skin, I could feel my shoulders relaxing under her touch to point it felt like she was melting them and even at this early stage the rest of my body was following suit.

I was used to Gavin's harder touch although his wasn't rough this was different, her firm but at the same time gentle touch and her fingers stroking along my oiled skin just made me feel so relaxed. Susie continued her work silently as she slowly worked her hands down my back, she became a little firmer as her hands reached the bottom of my back. With sitting in an office most of the day this was certainly the most aching part but I felt as if she was performing magic as her fingers firmly pressed on my skin.

I could feel myself getting aroused with every touch of her fingers, I was beginning to think things that had never really crossed my mind sexually, I had watched porn movies with my ex-husband sometimes back in the day when he had been interested in sex and those movies always seem to have two women in them pushing their sexual boundaries. I began to wonder if Susie was a bit like Gavin and would offer maybe some extra massage but I was too scared to ask her right out. 

Susie moved down the bed a little further as she went to positioned herself to massage my legs, they were slightly apart and Susie moved them a little wider so she could kneel in between them. She began to work on my right leg starting at the edge of the towel and working all the way down, then the same with my left leg. Each time I felt her fingers near the top of my legs I wanted her to move them just a little under the towel but each time she was professional and stopped at the edge of the towel. I glanced at the clock on the bedside cabinet and Susie had been working on me for about 30 minutes, the time had passed by so quickly.

"Well I think that's you all done," said Susie as I felt her climbing off the bed.

"Could you just do the very top of my legs some more please?" I asked.

"Yeah I can do that for you," she answered. 

Then she added.

"Would you be comfortable with me removing the towel, that way I can do that whole area for you?"

"Yes that would be really nice, thanks."

I felt Susie remove the towel and by doing this I felt she may be up for more than a straightforward massage.

Susie climbed back on the bed and once again knelt between my legs, I felt her oiled hands on the top of my legs, she massaged them slowly until she pushed her hands up until they were on my bum cheeks, she massaged them for a couple of minutes and as she did this I could feel her thumbs move between my cheeks on a couple of occasions. 

Her hands moved back on to the top of my legs and again she pushed them up, this time though her thumbs were pushing on my inner thighs, she worked her hands back and forth, as she pushed up her hands up my legs her thumbs were millimetres from my pussy. After she did this a few times I let out a slight moan, she pushed up on my legs again and now she was almost touching my lips, I was so aroused by her massage and caressing that I wanted to feel her hands between my legs.

I didn't have to wait long as on the next stroke her hands pushed up even more and her thumbs pushed against my pussy, I couldn't help myself and gave out a moan, her hands continued to massage but she stopped just short of my lips on her next stroke, she continued to massage and again as she pushed her thumbs up to my lips but this time instead of just a touch I felt her thumbs run up and down my lips.

I gave out another moan as I felt Susie do this.

"Does that feel better?" Susie asked.

"Yes but maybe a little more would be better." I answered.

I moaned as I felt her touching me more and more, I was so wet and then I felt Susie's fingers playing with me, she was rubbing them between my wet lips then she slid a finger into me which made me gasp as I felt her inside me. 

She slid her finger out and then I felt her push back into me and this time I felt two fingers inside me and she was using a quicker pace as her fingers slid in and out of me, my moaning was becoming louder as she played with my pussy.

Susie slid her fingers out of my soaking hole and then said.

"Turn over for me."

I duly did as I was told and now I was led on my back and Susie moved herself up the bed and now she was knelt astride me.

"Time for some fun then," said Susie as her fingers lightly caressed my stomach.

"You ever done this before?" She asked as her fingers moved up my body.

"No this is a first for me," I replied as I watched her hands moving towards my breasts.

"Well you are in good hands don't worry."

Susie put her hands to her blouse and slowly pulled open the press studs that it was fastened with, I heard each one pop as I looked at her as she pulled off the blouse to reveal her white bra underneath. The she reached around her back and unhooked her bra and let it fall into her hands, she removed it and threw it on the floor like she had done with her blouse. I gazed at her now half naked body, her breasts were a little larger than mine and her nipples were fairly large and were erect.

I felt her hands on my breasts and her thumbs rubbed over my nipples, she then moved her hands onto the bed and lowered herself down over me, she looked into my eyes before lowering herself a little further and I felt her lips push against mine, and I was having my first kiss with a woman.

I placed my hand on the back of her head as I didn't want the kiss to be quick I was enjoying feeling of her tongue pushing against mine, my hand moved round and I caressed her cheek as we continued kissing. Eventually she broke the kiss but she then gently kissed my cheek before moving her mouth onto my neck, I could feel her kisses as her mouth slowly moved down to my breasts, I felt her tongue flick over my left nipple while her fingers squeezed the right one.

She then gently sucked on it before switching over to my right side and doing the same, she made her way down my down my body slowly, her mouth barely leaving my skin as she did this and in what felt like an age she was where I wanted her to be. She moved in between my open legs and continued to kiss and caress my flesh, her mouth now working on my right inner thigh as her fingers worked on the left one. I felt her tongue running along my hot skin stopping just short of where I needed it, her fingers were doing the same on my other inner thigh, she was teasing me so much and that only added to the pleasure and experience Susie was giving me.

She swapped over and now my left inner thigh was being licked while my right one felt her fingers lightly running over it, and once again her tease continued as she stopped just short of my wet and aching crotch. I felt like I wanted to just put my hands on to her head and guide her to what I wanted, after some more teasing I felt her tongue run along my wet lips and I gave out a moan. Her tongue then flicked over my clit as her fingers rubbed between my lips. Another moan came out of my mouth as her fingers and tongue continued to pleasure me, I felt myself getting closer to orgasm as my fingers dug into the mattress.

Susie slid two fingers into me as she carried on flicking my clit with her tongue, at first her fingers were slowly fingering me but then she started to quicken her finger fucking my hole, my moans became more intense and Susie knew I was close as she fucked me hard with her fingers until she felt my body literally burst and I gave out a loud shout as an orgasm shot through my body, Susie pushed herself up from between my open legs and moved up the bed and lay alongside me.

She lay on her side as she pressed up against me, her hand moved across and her fingers caressed my breasts and she leant towards me and pressed her lips against mine and we kissed, as our tongues met I could taste my pussy as we kissed. After what seemed an age of kissing Susie flopped onto her back on the bed.

"I think I need to cool down," I said as I got myself off the bed and walked towards the bathroom.

My legs felt a little unsteady as I walked towards the bathroom and I finally made it to the sink and looked in the mirror at my flushed face before I splashed cold water over it. I went back into the bedroom and I expected to see Susie getting dressed and ready to leave but as I walked back into the room I had a surprise, Susie had stripped off the rest of her clothing and was led on the bed with her legs slightly apart and her right hand between her legs playing with her trimmed pussy, her fingers stroking her lips slowly.

I stood and watched for about a minute before I walked up to the bed and stood at the bottom of it and I had a great view of Susie as she played, I edged a little closer to the bed until I was kneeling on the edge of it. I would of liked to of teased her a little as she did with me but somehow I knew I wouldn't be able to as I just wanted to taste her right then.

I moved onto the bed and I was now knelt in between her open legs, I put my hands on tops of her legs and started to gently caress them. My fingers running up and down the tops of her legs before switching to her inner thighs, I did this as I continued to watch her fingers playing with her wet pussy lips. My hands slid over her soft skin and I reached her pussy, she moved her hands away and I run my fingers up and down her lips, it felt so nice to feel her wetness. I lowered myself down and I could smell her sweetness, I ran my tongue up and down her lips to get my first taste of a woman, my tongue flicked over her clit as my fingers teased her hole, Susie moaned as she felt the touch of my fingers and tongue.

My tongue continued to explore and taste her sweet pussy and her moaning became louder as I slid my fingers inside her, I flicked my tongue over her clit as my fingers fucked her and it didn't take long before she gave out a loud shout as I made her orgasm. I moved from between her legs and lay next to her on the bed, she put her arm around me and smiled before kissing me, my mouth was still wet from her pussy and we kissed longingly before Susie broke the kiss and sat up on the bed.

"Well I had better get cleaned and dressed I have another appointment before my shift is finished," said Susie as she got off the bed and walked towards the bathroom.

As she got washed in the bathroom I got off the bed myself and put my robe on, Susie came back into the room and I could hardly take my eyes off her naked body, I went in the bathroom to splash some water on my face to cool down. When I went back into the bedroom Susie was just finishing getting dressed.

"Can I book you for next month?" I asked.

"Yeah please do, I'm looking forward to teaching you some more," she answered.

Susie then picked up her bag and gave me a goodbye kiss before heading out of the door, I filled my glass with wine and took a large drink, I couldn't believe what I had just done.