 This is the last of my 'Tales from the Bar' series. It is time to move on. This is the story of a slow seduction and, as such, requires and demands of the reader a little patience. For those who are only interested in the naughty bits it might be too much like hard work. I make no apology for this.

*****

It was a lovely evening but there was a chill in the air. The first hint that summer was giving way to autumn. It had been a lovely day with warm sunshine but now the evening had taken over as the shadows lengthened. Lizzie was on her way to the Thursday social at the local pub. She'd started going fairly early on and it had now become a regular part of her week and one she looked forward to. As she walked, she was lost in her own thoughts and it took some time for the noise of an argument to penetrate. She walked on, her ears now seeking out the location of the problem. She heard a woman's voice, small and timid, almost pleading, repeat "No" and "Stop" over and over. The lower tones of a man's voice, quieter and sounding slightly threatening, could also be heard. Lizzie quickened her pace. 

Turning the corner, she saw two figures against a blank wall of an old factory. She slowed slightly to give her time to assess what was going on. It may, after all, just be some teenage hi-jinks. As she got closer it became clear that this was not a game. A woman, no a girl, was being held against the wall by a much larger man. The woman was struggling, and not in a way that suggested she was playing.

"OI!" shouted Lizzie, "What the fuck is going on?"

The sudden outburst and her now rapid approach took the man by surprise and she was with them by the time it registered. He let go of the girl and retreated before wheeling round and walking off rapidly.

"Fucking bitches!" was his parting comment.

Lizzie ignored him as she was more concerned about the girl who had all but collapsed, sliding down the wall to sit on her haunches. Lizzie dropped to her knees next to the girl and placed a hand on her shoulder.

"Are you Okay?" she asked, in as soft a voice as she could manage.

The girl looked up and, at first, seemed startled that her rescuer was a woman and then visibly relaxed. She managed to nod and attempted a faint smile before she looked anxiously up and down the street.

"Its okay," Lizzie assured her, "he ran off."

The girl turned her attention back to Lizzie and managed a "Thanks" in a voice that quavered with relief.

Lizzie didn't want to leave her on her own, so she pushed herself upright and held out a hand. "Come on," she said, "let's get you somewhere warm and safe. I'm meeting some women friends at the pub. You'll be safe there."

With a struggle, and with help from Lizzie, the girl managed to get to her feet. It was obvious that she was still very shaken and was suffering from shock, so Lizzie linked arms with her and supported her as they slowly walked the hundred yards to the pub.

"I'm Lizzie, by the way."

"Thank you so much," she managed to say, "I was getting quite scared back there."

"Well, he's gone now and I'm here. And you are ...?"

"Sorry, I'm Kat."

"That was one of your nine lives then," joked Lizzie, trying to lighten the mood. "Nearly there," she announced as they found themselves outside the door to the pub.

Skilfully Lizzie steered Kat through the front bar and into the back room. They were both as relieved as each other to be greeted by a sea of female faces. Kat was guided to a chair next to one of the small tables. She still looked pale and about to faint. Lizzie glanced over at the group of women and was pleased to see Carol, Jess and Naomi sitting together. She patted Kat on the hand and went over to speak to the girls. 

"Can one of you go and sit with her?" she asked in a whisper, "I want to go get us both a drink. I'll explain everything later. Her name's Kat by the way."

"No problem," they chorused and all three got up and walked over to Kat's table. Lizzie headed for the bar to find Dana already waiting behind it with one quizzical eyebrow raised.

"A brandy please," said Lizzie ignoring Dana's unspoken question. "Fuck it, make that two, I need one as well?"

"So, what's happened?" Dana asked over her shoulder as she poured the two drinks.

"She was being 'pestered' by some young yob just down the road. I happened to turn up just in time."

"Oh shit! Did you recognize him?"

"Naaa, no idea. Black leather jacket and an unruly mop of blonde hair. He ran off."

"Lucky you were there. Whereabouts?"

"Just up the road by the old factory."

"That's practically on my door step," said Dana as she handed the two brandies over, "I'm not having that. Leave it to me."

"I'm sure she doesn't want any fuss."

"You just get that brandy down her and don't worry," Dana said with a very theatrical wink.

Never argue with the boss, Lizzie thought, and Dana was the boss of the pub. She took her two drinks over to the table where Kat was chatting to the three girls. The colour had come back to her cheeks and she was smiling. She tried to protest when Lizzie put the drink in front of her, but her protests were waved away.

"Get it down you," Lizzie told her, and held up her drink as well, "I think we both need one."

For the rest of the evening the group of five stayed together and slowly Kat relaxed. Lizzie gave herself a gold star for choosing the three girls. Not only were they the sweetest girls in the group, but also they were of a similar age and they knew how to pitch the level of the conversation. Little by little Kat volunteered the events of the evening and seemed to gain a lot from sharing it. At one-point Lizzie noticed Dana beckoning her from behind the bar. When she went over Dana leaned forward in a secretive way.

"I mentioned it to some of the guys. A couple of them knew who it was so they went out and 'had a word' with him."

"I said I didn't want to cause trouble."

"No trouble but it was as much for me as for her. It was too close to my pub for my liking. People, especially women, should be safe around here. It won't happen again."

"In that case tell them thanks from me."

Lizzie went back to the table secretly pleased. Sometimes a little bit of local 'rough' justice worked wonders. At the end of the evening all five walked home together. Lizzie and Kat said goodnight to the three girls when their routes home divided and then walked on with an awkward silence. 

"This is me," Kat suddenly announced as she stopped outside a typical two up two down terraced house. "I'm top left," she said with a smile.

"Will you be okay?" asked Lizzie, still worried about the girl.

"I'll be fine now," Kat said, and there was more assuredness in her voice now, "mostly thanks to you ... and your friends. They were lovely."

"If you're sure ...?"

"Goodnight, Lizzie, and thank you once again."

Without another word Kat turned and unlocked the front door and disappeared from view, leaving Lizzie alone on the chilly street. It was a strange ending to a very strange night she thought, as she headed for her own home. In bed, later and in the dark, she mulled over the events of the evening. How it could all have turned out so differently. If she hadn't been walking, just by chance, along that street at that particular time. In the dull glow of the streetlight, as it leached through the curtains, she shuddered at the thought.

The next day, a Friday, she was too busy to give it much thought and was home quite late due to a meeting overrunning. At least she could relax and take a breath over the weekend. A rummage through her store cupboard and fridge made it clear that a visit to the shop was needed. Lizzie couldn't stand the idea of a drive to the out-of-town supermarket so decided to forget the expense and use the local shop instead. She'd buy enough for the weekend and do her main shop after work of Monday. 

The night-time chill had gone by the time she left the house and the sun felt warm on her back. The corner shop was a cornucopia of nice convenient food. Every item that could possibly have been forgotten, and yet was suddenly desperately needed, was on the shelves. Lizzie brushed aside labels such as 'sad and lonely' as she rooted through the meals for one in the upright freezer. To make herself feel better she added an indulgent dessert to the frozen meat pie. When she closed the freezer and turned away, she saw a familiar figure at the other end of the aisle.

"Hey, Kat," she called out, instantly regretting it as the figure turned and a frightened face turned in her direction. The fear evaporated as she recognised Lizzie.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you."

Lizzie was relieved to see a smile spread across Kat's face.

"You just made me jump," she confessed and then added, "I've been a bit jumpy ever since ... you know ..."

"I understand," said Lizzie and placed a protective hand on her shoulder. She glanced down into Kat's wire basket. If anything, it indicated a Saturday night even more lonely than her own. "I can see you're a girl who enjoys the good things in life," she joked, inclining her head in the direction of the basket.

Kat blushed and hung her head. The truth was she was struggling to make ends meet and had another week to go until her next pay cheque arrived. Her embarrassment was short-lived as it was interrupted by the decisive voice of Lizzie.

"I'm looking at the prospect of a lonely Saturday night as well. What do you say to coming around to mine for dinner? We might as well be miserable together."

"Its okay, you don't have to ..."

"I could do with the company as well. Go on, please say yes."

Kat's eyes brightened and her blush returned but she managed an almost-whispered "Okay then, that'd be lovely."

"Better buy some more provisions then," said Lizzie, guiding Kat back to the freezer. "Damn, I took the last meat pie. What do you fancy instead? The fish one is good as well."

Kat glanced at the price and shuddered but nodded her head anyway. "You must let me pay for that," she ventured, hoping she would be refused.

"Nonsense, I'm inviting you, so I buy the food and I do the cooking. Using the term 'cooking' very loosely of course."

Ignoring any further protest, she turned on her heel and headed for the counter, grabbing a couple of bottles of wine on the way. Once she had paid, she waited outside in the sunshine while Kat took her turn. Together they sauntered back home along the quiet suburban streets. Outside Kat's house they paused while Lizzie gave directions to her home. Whereas Kat lived on one of the slightly busier main streets through the area, Lizzie's house was tucked down a quiet cul-de-sac. As she walked the rest of the way home she felt lifted. She realised that she had recently spent far too many lonely Saturday evenings mindlessly watching rubbish TV. It would be good to have some company for a change.

Kat arrived almost to the second on the agreed time of seven o'clock. Lizzie guided her through the house to the patio and the long and narrow back garden. She'd spent a lot of time and effort, and money, sorting the place out when she'd first bought it. After all, it was her job and she felt obliged to showcase her talents. She was a partner in a firm of architects, and they dealt, almost exclusively, in small clients, either refurbishing existing properties or new design homes. She couldn't possibly live anywhere shabby. Kat's eyes were like saucers even before they made it to the back garden. The patio heater was lit, fighting off the autumn chill, its circle of warmth containing a wooden table with a decanter and two glasses. Lizzie poured out the wine and handed one to Kat.

"Welcome to my humble ... etc ... etc."

"Your place is amazing," said Kat with a sense of awe in her voice.

"Grab a seat," she said, indicating one of two chairs by the table, "thanks, but it has to be to some extent. I'm an architect, so I have to show off."

Kat giggled and turned to look at the garden. The sun was still up, and a few chance rays seemed to highlight some of the more colourful shrubs. Lizzie followed her gaze. She felt a sense of pleasure; it did look particularly splendid at this time of year and at this time of day. She employed a woman who came in once a week to do the garden, and what a treasure she had turned out to be. So much so that she now also worked for several of Lizzie's clients and she had to fight hard to keep her.

"Not guilty," Lizzie confessed, "I have a woman who does the garden and she's a genius."

She saw the slight look of shock on Kat's face at this confession.

"Yeah, I know, I'm a lazy cow. But I have neither the time nor the talent for such things. But I need to put on a show."

"You're very lucky. She's obviously very good at it. It looks totally amazing."

"So ... dinner," said Lizzie trying to change the subject, "I have fish or meat, the choice is yours.

In the end they settled on fish and Lizzie started to sort things out in the kitchen. Kat came and sat at the table, but all offers of help were kindly refused. Instead the pair of them kept up a steady stream of idle chatter about nothing in particular. The first bottle of wine was replaced by a second and they were both quite giggly by the time dinner was finally served and was over. After dinner they sat in the lounge, Kat on the sofa and Lizzie in the armchair. When the second bottle was finished and done Kat decided it was time to go. She stood up but it was obvious that she was a little unsteady on her feet. Lizzie disappeared only to return with two coats, announcing that she would walk Kat home. She shrugged off any arguments and they walked the dark and quiet streets arm in arm. To Lizzie the streets were a familiar and friendly place, but she caught an air of nervousness and tension from Kat. They parted with a brief hug at Kat's front door, after having agreed to meet up for the next Thursday meeting.

When Thursday came Lizzie went around to Kat's. She immediately noticed that she appeared happier and much more lively. She seemed eager to get out of the house. When they arrived at the pub the back room was buzzing with excitement. Once they had their drinks and had settled down the outrageous rumours went around. 

There was a woman called Gilda who had been part of the group since the early days. She'd always been a bit of a loner and had never been seen with a 'friend'. She had simply turned up one night out of the blue. She had yet to arrive tonight but until she did the talk round the table was all about her. More accurately, the chat was about her and Dana, the landlady.

Needless to say, there was an affection by the group towards Dana. She was the one who had held out the hand of friendship on that first night, and who had welcomed them ever since. And now, suddenly, after months of meetings, these rumours had started. The group seemed to be split down the middle with half of them believing the rumours and the rest denying them. There was an instant hush when Gilda poked her head round the door and the conversation immediately turned to last night's TV. Although several broad hints were made during the evening as well as a few sly looks no one would come straight out and ask the question.

When the meeting broke up at the end of the evening everyone noticed that Gilda hung back as they filed out of the door. Whether Gilda heard the muttered ribald comments they weren't certain. One of the women suddenly turned around and went back into the pub muttering something about she'd forgotten her bag. When she re-emerged seconds later, they all looked at her expectantly. She paused before speaking, keeping them waiting.

"OK," she finally announced with a broad grin, "I caught them kissing."

The crowd on the pavement erupted into a cheer and there were shouts of "Go Dana" and "Go Gilda" that must have wakened half the neighbourhood. They were certainly loud enough that they must have reached the inside of the pub.

Strolling home through the dark streets Kat began to question Lizzie about the women in the group and especially about the fun and games they all had at poor Gilda's expense. 

"Don't worry about Gilda," Lizzie assured her, "she's probably relieved that the secret is finally out."

"What do you mean?"

"There's been rumours flying for ages about Gilda and Dana."

"That they were kissing?"

"And probably more ..."

"More? Oh, you mean they're ... err ...?"

"Having an affair? Yes, exactly."

"You mean they're ...?"

"Lesbians," said Lizzie decisively, "yes of course they are, although maybe Dana didn't know it before."

"Does that mean you all are?"

"With one or two minor exceptions of the mildly curious. Hadn't you worked that out?"

"I sort of suspected but maybe was trying not to think about it."

"We're a safe bunch. You're fine being whatever you are."

They had arrived at Kat's house and they both paused, both of them knowing there were still questions to be asked and answers to be sought. In the end Kat simply made a thoughtful "Goodnight" and disappeared through the front door. For a while Lizzie continued to stare at the door before she finally turned her back and walked on. She was suddenly worried that her new friend would take fright and be gone from her life.

A new commission kept Lizzie busy until late into the evenings for most of the next few days and, despite several forays to the little corner shop, she didn't see Kat all week. She was still worried that the revelations of last week might have put her off. Never the less she decided to call for Kat as usual on the Thursday evening. She needed to go out and unwind anyway. 

She rang the bell with Kat's name on it and waited patiently. It was beginning to drizzle and she put her umbrella up to shield her. She looked up when she heard footsteps on the stairs. She felt the best way to deal with everything was to pretend nothing had happened.

"Hi," she said as Kat came into view, "ready?"

"I wasn't sure you'd be round," replied Kat with a surprised look on her face.

"Why ever not?"

"I'm not sure I should go."

"Don't be daft," Lizzie's voice had the sound of a parent impatient with a stroppy child, "get your coat and let's go."

"And an umbrella if you've got one," she called to Kat's retreating back.

When she reappeared, she still wore a look of doubt but was at least wearing her coat but without an umbrella. Never mind, thought Lizzie, we can share mine. And so they did, walking hurriedly through the rain, huddled together beneath the inadequate shelter, thankful to reach the dry sanctuary of the pub. Kat's hesitance seemed to have gone and they both slipped seamlessly into the welcoming group. They settled into the familiar routine of gossip and idle chat. Lizzie did notice that Kat was a little quieter than usual but chose to ignore it, but she was as surprised as the rest of them when Kat suddenly burst into tears, stood up so quickly that she knocked her chair over and ran from the room. They all sat in stunned silence for a moment or two.

"What the ..."

"What was that all about?"

"What's going on, Liz?"

"I've honestly no idea," replied Lizzie, "but I'd better go and find out."

At the front of the pub she looked one way then the other along the empty street but saw no sign of a fleeing figure. A car drove past noisily but as it faded into the distance Lizzie faintly picked up the sound of muffled sobbing. It was difficult to pinpoint the sound but eventually she made out the shadowy figure crouched in a doorway on the other side of the road. The rain by now was even heavier and they had both left their coats behind them in the pub. For Lizzie, staying dry had become less important than checking on her friend so she ran across the road to the huddled figure.
