 The Witch travels to the Island of Lesbos

I was banished to the Island of Lesbos...where Sappho and her students lived. Sappho was a poet, some whispered, in the Dark of Night, one of the Nine Muses, blessed by Zeus's grace himself. Their studies were based on the worship of Aphrodite and Eros, but all young ladies were taught deportment, manners, music, language, art, and creative writing. Each were schooled in the Art of Love. But the land was barren of men. I desperately missed the feeling of King Mark and Tristan inside of me. I cried every night, missing the Castle I had grown used to, the luxuries, the adoration of two men. How could this have happened to me? I bemoaned my fate. No family, no men, only a life of servitude. 

After several weeks of acclimating to my solitude. I received a message from Sappho herself, requesting my presence in her Great Hall. I entered the room, blinking in surprise at the small group of young ladies there. There had to be about fifteen, lounging on settee's and divans. Sappho herself reclined on a luxurious oversized couch, being fed grapes by a lovely blonde nymphet. Sappho herself was small, dark, and glowed with intelligence. Her brow was encircled with a simple metal band. Black curls cascaded down her back. 

One girl was gently strumming a lute, as one read poetry. One was telling Myths of Apollo while another danced languorously. Others were painting or sculpting. All stopped what they were doing. Sappho said, "Young ladies, this is Isolde, our sister. She has brought to us because she has done wrong. She has not acted in a loving manner. We must teach her the ways of the Love Gods and Goddesses and she must serve us all until I decree that her penance is paid."

I saw several of the girl's eyes light up as their eager eyes wandered over my lush and perfect form. I felt stares burning into my breasts, my cunnie. I covered my face in shame. What could they possibly have in store for me?

The tallest of them stood and walked to me. "She is beautiful," she commented, running her fingers on my cheekbone and letting her fingers trail to my collarbone. Another approached and touched my sculpted arms, squeezing them and feeling my silken skin. I began to breathe a little faster. Yet another glided to me and pulled my bodice down, exposing my exquisite white breasts. I shuddered as another began to caress my nipples, pulling at them and softly giggling to herself. Sappho lazily arouse from her satin couch and approached me. 

"Show the girls your body," she commanded, her steely eyes burning into mine.I started to protest but she ripped my simple gown off my shivering body. I began to fall backward and was caught by Atalanta. She brought me to Sappho's couch and forced me to sit down, spreading my trembling legs wide open, for all to see. I was red with embarrassment but to my horror, I was interested in what was going to happen. She held my legs open to all the girls, as one by one they came up and took a look between my legs at my pussy. 

"Oh, Mother!" cried a tiny redheaded beauty, "Look at her punani, it glows!" I looked down in horror to see my sex emitting a faint pink glow. I could smell myself, feel my nether lips being opened, and examined, fingers poked inside of me, breast being squeezed and lightly slapped. I didn't even feel the light flower-rope that was placed upon my neck just as my wrists were bound above my head. I cried out in surprise and fear, but at the same time, I was excited at the thought of receiving my punishment for causing King Mark and Tristan's deaths.

I wanted so badly to rub my love-hole as creamy secretions were starting to drip down my legs. Sappho herself brought out a tiny whip and was tapping my inner thighs with it. Every once in a while, my sweet little cunt would catch a sting and I would flinch. But my little God stood up proudly needing to be touched, please, please, please...

One of the girls knelt in between my leg and began to rub my clitoris in circles. I moaned and arched my back as the others began caressing my body, which throbbed with want. One girl began kissing me softly and playing with my hair. A voluptuous blonde was rubbing my heaving breasts while yet another nymphet began to kiss and lick my vagina. Sappho observed, while giving instructions, to bring me to the edge. 

Their busy little tongues and hands were all over me. Sappho continued to lightly play the whip along my outstretched body. I felt something enter me, and looked down to see a soft phallus shaped rod mounted on a stick. The student was flickering her tongue in unison with the thrusts of the fake manhood. In and out, over and over, I was taken to the edge and denied the release that I cried for. This went on for hours and the girls fell into caressing and kissing each other. Bodies were writhing on the floor of the hall and the smell of sex and passion was everywhere. 

Sappho took in my trembling form, erect nipples, soaking wet dilated pussy and my glow and with a nod inserted her finger into my love-hole. She pumped her long artistic finger quickly, hitting my G spot and causing endless spasms. I was screaming out in pleasure as multiple orgasms hit from all areas on my body. A collective moan came from the group as Sappho quickly rubbed her wet hairy pussy into mine. Copious amounts of fluid shot from my Chalice as I felt my Root Chakra open up.

One of the girls released my wrists and the flower-rope around my neck. I lay gasping at what had all occurred. Atalanta, who was their star athlete, picked me up and put me to bed. I slept peacefully and feeling that I belonged. The next morning, I started my classes to learn the ways of Love. My orders were to serve the young ladies in any way they chose. So every day, on my time off, I was either massaging someone, or bringing someone to orgasm, or simply being the group's love slave, in any matter that they chose to use me. I loved it. I had a new home. 

To be Continued...~sexynursechef~