 Tales of a Cosplay Slut Volume I: Tifa Lockhart

All characters in this story are over eighteen or older.

*****

Piper loved to become other people. No, not as an identity thief. She just enjoyed dressing up as characters from shows, books, movies, and games. From a very young age she'd embraced cosplay, going to conventions and gaining a cult following at the events as time went on. Naturally, Halloween happened to be her favorite holiday.

She had a slender, yet toned figure, and stood at 5'7". Her breasts were perfectly rounded, 38D's with bright pink nipples. She couldn't even remember what her natural hair color was, as she was constantly bleaching and dying it to fit whatever costume she was wearing. Her natural eye color was a very timid brown, though those often changed as well, as she had a collection of colored contacts to fit her current costume.

Dressing up wasn't the only thing Piper loved. She was a nymphomaniac, completely addicted to sex. She could never get enough, and enjoyed every single facet of it. Whether it was with men, women, or transsexuals, she was always down to get laid. One thing she'd realized very early on was that going to conventions dressed up as hot fictional characters was a surefire way to achieve both of her goals; becoming someone else, and getting fucked.

Currently, Piper was getting ready to attend a local JRPG Convention that was coming through town. She'd decided to dress up as a fan favorite character from an insanely popular rpg; Tifa Lockhart, from Final Fantasy VII. The first thing she always did was dye and style her hair, so that was where she began. She'd gone through the process of dying it brown, and then fashioning it into a very loose ponytail, held together near the end by a crimson ribbon.

After her hair was taken care of, it was time to get into costume. She slipped on a simple black bra and panty set. Then came the actual outfit. First, she slid on a black miniskirt that barely covered the top half of her thighs. After this, she slid on a cropped white tank top that ended just ended below her breasts and was very tight and form-fitting. She then wrapped a black belt with a silver buckle around the top of the skirt, and attached suspenders to it, running them up over her shoulders. For the finishing touches, she slid on a pair of earth colored boots, elbow-length black sleeves, and red gloves.

She looked over herself in the mirror and a huge smile crossed her lips.

"Hello there, Tifa," she said, blowing a kiss to her reflection. "Time to get your freak on."

And with that, she was off to the convention.

-

The JRPG Fair was packed full of costumed and regularly dressed fans alike. There were tributes to Final Fantasy, Xenogears, Persona, Fire Emblem, and so many more spread throughout the crowds. One of the best of course was Piper's Tifa costume. Heads turned wherever she went, and several fanboys had already propositioned her for photos and dates. Today however, she'd turned them down, as she was on the prowl for something different.

It didn't take her long to find what she wanted. While exploring the assembled crowds, she came across another Final Fantasy VII cosplayer taking photos with fans. This girl was gorgeous, clad in a pink dress, buttoned down the front from her neck to just past her thighs, so that the ends flowed freely. She also had a red jacket over her shoulders that only reached below her breasts, steel wrist cuffs, and brown boots. Her hair was long and brown, done up in a neat braid that went all the way down her back and was tied off with a pink ribbon near the top. Curly bangs framed her face, and her eyes were a sparkling teal green.

Piper licked her lips and approached. As she did, the fanboys surrounding the girl in the pink dress whistled and clapped. The girl smiled politely to Piper and they leaned together, arm in arm, as several new flashes went off as people took even more photographs.

"Very adorable, Aerith," Piper whispered.

"Thanks. You make a really hot Tifa," the girl whispered back.

As the fans began to disperse, Piper turned to the girl, looking her up and down, a raw hunger in her eyes.

"How about we go somewhere quiet for a chat?"

"What kind of a chat?" The girl asked curiously.

"Oh just a friendly one," Piper giggled.

Piper grabbed her hand and led her through the crowds. They were stopped several more times and asked for photos, and both were kind enough to oblige each time. Finally though, they came to the elevators that led to the upper levels of the hotel.

When the doors closed, Piper was on the girl in a heartbeat. She pushed her against the wall of the elevator and began to kiss her neck, suckling and nibbling on the sensitive flesh. The girl gasped and put her hands on Piper's shoulders.

"W-What are you doing?"

Piper lifted her head, inches away from the girl's face.

"What's your name?" She whispered.

"It's Tiffany, but-"

She didn't get a chance to finish. Piper pressed her lips against Tiffany's, kissing her passionately. Tiffany struggled momentarily but soon found the kiss pleasurable and inviting. Rather than trying to push Piper away now, she wrapped her arms around her shoulders, kissing her back. She could feel the other woman's tongue pressing against her lips and parted them, inviting it inside to dance with her own.

Finally there was a chime as the elevator stopped and the doors open. As they did, Piper broke away from Tiffany and grabbed her hand, but before they could depart, they found another woman trying to enter the elevator. She was giving them a suspicious look, and had clearly seen what was happening before they'd stopped.

Piper's eyes widened as she saw the newcomer's outfit however. Her eyes drifted from bottom to top, first noticing brown boots and knee length white socks, then the beige short shorts and green sleeveless turtleneck top, as well as a portion of fishnet over her right leg and left arm. Piper recognized the costume immediately; she was dressed as Yuffie Kisaragi!

"Holy hell," Piper gasped, licking her lips hungrily.

"Looks like you two were having fun," the Yuffie cosplayer said with a smirk.

"You should join us," Piper invited.

"I don't even know you two," she replied, placing her hands on her hips.

"To be fair we just met," Tiffany spoke up breathlessly.

"Kinky cosplay sluts then, huh? Fuck it, I'm down. Call me Yuffie."

"Well that was easy," Tiffany remarked.

"You have a real name, 'Yuffie'"? Piper asked.

"I like to stay in character, babe."

"Better watch our materia then," Piper replied with a giggle. 

She grabbed Yuffie and Tiffany's hands, leading them both down the hallway to her hotel room. With a quick swipe of the keycard the door unlocked, and she shuffled her two new friends inside. Piper couldn't believe her luck. With hardly any fight at all she'd found a willing Aerith and Yuffie to play with. She was already getting wet just thinking about the Final Fantasy inspired threesome.

"I want to see you two first," she said with a big smile. She leaned against the wall, crossing her arms over her chest and motioning towards the bed.

Tiffany still seemed bit apprehensive but Yuffie was clearly just as kinky as Piper. She grabbed the Aerith impersonator's hand and led her to the bed before unceremoniously pushing her down onto it. Tiffany gasped in surprise but giggled once she found herself situated.

Yuffie crawled on top of Tiffany, pinning her wrists to the bed above her head, before leaning down and kissing her passionately. She pressed her tongue between the other's lips, letting it caress Tiffany's wriggling muscle. At the same time, she pressed her knee in between Tiffany's legs, rubbing it against her slit through her panties.

Tiffany moaned into the kiss. As much as she loved dressing up as Aerith, she hadn't really ever hooked up at a convention before. And this was her first time ever with another woman. Even with all this on her mind, she was unbelievably turned on by how hot the entire situation was. Here she was, dressed as the innocent and pure Aertih, while a sexy woman dressed up as the stealthy thief Yuffie kissed and caressed her, and another dressed as Tifa stood watching, just feet away.

Yuffie began to unbutton the cute pink dress, kissing down along Tiffany's neck and collarbone as she did. Once she'd unclasped the last button, she tugged the dress aside, and to help Tiffany leaned up on the bed, removing the jacket so that the dress could easily fall away. As it did, Yuffie licked her lips excitedly, seeing her now dressed in just a pair of silk pink panties and a matching bra.

"Very classy," Yuffie whispered.

Noticing the bra clasped in the front, she quickly undid the tie and then pushed the cups away, revealing Tiffany's small but perky 32B breasts, her pink nipples already stiff. She attacked the soft globes of flesh, biting the nipples and suckling them between her teeth, still working her knee between Tiffany's legs.

Tiffany was moaning, running her fingers through Yuffie's silky black hair. She could feel herself getting wetter by the second as the other woman's knee continued to press against her slit, even through her panties. Her nipples were achingly stiff but the attention they were getting felt superb.

Piper meanwhile was enjoying the show. She unbuckled her belt and let it fall to the floor, then hiked the miniskirt up around her waist. She wasted no time slipping her hand into her panties and began to rub her clit, biting her lip as she watched the Yuffie and Aerith lookalikes make out.

Yuffie began planting a trail of kisses from Tiffany's breasts, down across her toned stomach and hips. Finally, she reached the cute pink panties and a grin crossed her face. She carefully took the hem of the panties between her teeth and tugged. Tiffany lifted her butt off the bed so that her panties slipped down easily. Yuffie kept them firmly between her teeth however, slipping them all the way down her legs and off before she released them from her pearly whites, taking them in her hands. She lifted the soft fabric to her face and inhaled deeply.

"Oh god you smell so good," she sighed with pleasure. Then with another grin, she threw them at Piper, who caught them with her free hand and laughed.

She lifted them to her face as well, inhaling the sweet scent. "Wow. You weren't kidding," she spoke softly, her fingers working more quickly over her clit.

Yuffie laughed at Piper's agreeance , then returned her attention to Tiffany. She was completely shaven, and her pink lips glistened. She began kissing her way back up her body, leaving soft touches over her calves, knees, and thighs. She breathed deeply, letting her hot breath wash over Tiffany's slit, who moaned in response. She had began to play with her breasts as she watched Yuffie tease and please her, tweaking her nipples and groping the soft flesh in turns.

Finally Yuffie could wait no longer. She stuck her tongue out and ran it along the full length of Tiffany's slit. Tiffany moaned in response, eagerly watching the gorgeous woman begin to eat her out. She was so worked up and wet, she knew it wouldn't be long before she came.

Yuffie ran her wriggling tongue between the soft folds, savoring the sweet nectar that was washing over her muscle. Wanting a stronger flavor, she drove her tongue deep into Tiffany's pussy, scooping out every last drop of moisture she could, moaning at the same time to send vibrations deep within. Tiffany arched her back in response, continuing to moan.

Piper couldn't stand to just watch any longer. She approached the bed quickly and grabbed Yuffie's shorts, yanking them down around her ankles. This took Yuffie by surprise at first, who laughed, and then returned her attentions to Tiffany's wet flower. Piper licked her lips, seeing the only thing now stopping her from getting to Yuffie's pussy was a skimpy black lace thong.

She slid it over her pert ass and then let it fall around her ankles where her shorts still resided. She could see that Yuffie was already wet and desperately wanted a taste. Without further ado, she crawled in between her legs and attached to her juicy cunt like a leech, suckling and nibbling, scooping up the moisture with her tongue just as she was doing to Tiffany.

All three women were writhing and moaning. Yuffie had her face firmly planted between Tiffany's thighs, lips around her clit as Piper was between her legs, practically fucking her with her tongue. Though Piper hadn't gotten any attention herself yet, she was still as excited to go down on the sexy creature. Every time she hooked up at these conventions, she liked to pretend she was actually fucking a real incarnation of the character, and so the woman's insistence of going by Yuffie was just fine by her.

Tiffany was nearing orgasm. Yuffie's tongue worked expertly within her, flicking over her sensitive clit and then diving deep within her soaked crevice. She lifted her hips off the bed and her entire body quaked as she came.

"Oh god, Yuffie," she moaned quietly, resting her head back against the pillow.

Yuffie quickly ascended up the Aerith lookalike's body, kissing her firmly and again forcing her tongue between her lips. Tiffany could taste herself on Yuffie's lips and although she'd never sampled her own nectar before, she found the taste enjoyable, and the kinkiness of it just made her even more worked up.

Piper pouted as Yuffie pulled away from her wanton mouth and tongue, but took the opportunity to yank off her boots, shorts, and thong entirely now. With nothing keeping her legs locked together, Yuffie slid further up Tiffany's body, until she was sitting above her face, her dripping wet pussy only inches from Tiffany's lips.

Tiffany licked her lips now. She'd never done this before but Yuffie's snatch looked so perfect. The pink lips glistened with moisture and remnants of Piper's saliva, and there was only a tiny amount of hair, trimmed down neatly, framing the top. She hesitated only for a moment and then opened her mouth, running her tongue deeply into the other woman's pussy and then along the track of her slit, finally coming to rest over her clit as she grazed it gently with her teeth.

It was Yuffie's turn to moan as she felt Tiffany's tongue began to work at her dripping nethers. She ran her fingers through her hair, gripping tightly and keeping Tiffany's head firmly between her thighs. She gyrated her hips, pressing down against the other's face, in turn driving her tongue in deeper.

Piper meanwhile had gotten back off the bed and went over to where her suitcase lay in the corner. She quickly peeled off the miniskirt and tank top, shedding her bra, panties, and boots as well to leave her in nothing but the black sleeves that ran from her wrists to her elbows.

After digging around for a moment, she found the desired object. She pulled a thick pink strap-on out of the bag and began to fasten the harness around her waist. Yuffie watched as she did this, her grin growing as she realized what was about to happen. She kept Tiffany's head locked firmly in place so she wouldn't be able to see, as Tiffany continued to delve her tongue deeply into her dripping wet hole.

Finally getting the toy situated, Piper made her way back to the bed and crawled up onto it, moving between Tiffany's legs. She began teasingly running the head of the dildo along her slit to get it nice and wet, and she could hear Tiffany gasp between Yuffie's legs. Yuffie and Piper both laughed.

After just a few moments, the head already shined with Tiffany's juices, and Piper positioned it at her entrance. She began to push in slowly, watching as inch after inch of the synthetic cock disappeared into her tight pussy. Her glistening lips hugged the toy firmly as it pressed further within, until Piper had finally reached the end, her hips resting against Tiffany's.

Tiffany herself was in a world of pleasure. She felt so full with Piper's strap-on thrust deep within her, and as Piper began to pull out and thrust it back in repeatedly, she felt herself growing even wetter, coating the length of the toy and making it shine. At the same time she continued to run her tongue deeply within Yuffie's pussy, completely in love with the fragrance and taste.

Yuffie was next to cum. Her gyrations increased in tempo and when Tiffany again locked her lips around her clit she lost it. She nearly screamed out in pleasure as she came, soaking Tiffany's face with her juices.

Piper was picking up her pace as well, fucking Tiffany's tight cunt faster and harder with every few strokes. She absolutely loved watching the strap-on disappear between the soft pink lips, coming out slicked and shiny each time she pulled back. Even though Tiffany was naked now, because of the way her hair was styled she still strongly resembled Aerith, and this made Piper hotter as all she could think of was her fucking the innocent 'flower girl of the slums' from the game in which they were all impersonating.

For the second time today, Tiffany's body was rocked by a powerful orgasm, and realizing this, Piper began to slow her thrusting and then pulled the entire thing out. She quickly undid the harness and brought the toy to her lips, engulfing the entire thing and suckling all of Tiffany's juices from it. Yuffie laughed as she watched.

"Don't think we've forgotten about you," Yuffie said with a devious grin. She grabbed the strap-on right out of Piper's hands and began to secure it around her own hips. "Why don't you get a taste of the real thing?" She asked, nodding to Tiffany, her legs still open and inviting after the thorough fucking.

"Gladly," Piper mused. 

She balanced herself on her knees and elbows and leaned down, driving her tongue deeply into Tiffany's well-fucked hole. Even after she'd been pounded with the toy, she was fairly tight and still soaking wet, and so there was plenty of nectar to be had, especially after her last orgasm.

Once Yuffie had the strap-on situated, she crawled back onto the bed and positioned herself behind Piper. She couldn't resist having a taste first however, and leaned down to run her tongue along the slit that was practically dripping wet. Piper moaned into Tiffany's pussy as a response, and both women moaned.

Yuffie ran her tongue along the full length of Piper's slit, lingering on her clit for brief periods, teasingly flicking just the tip of her tongue over it. Much like Piper saw Tiffany, Yuffie was picturing Piper as Tifa, with her hair still done up as the character. Little did Piper know just how like her Yuffie was.

After Yuffie had gotten a good taste of Piper's nectar, she placed the head of the strap-on at her hole and pushed her hips forward. Although she was tight, she'd grown so wet with her own juices and Yuffie's saliva that the toy slipped in easily. Again Piper moaned, and Tiffany reaped the benefits.

Each time Yuffie pounded deeply into Piper's dripping wet pussy, Piper's tongue was driven deeper into Tiffany's chasm, scooping up more and more of her delicious nectar.

Yuffie only had to pound Piper's tight cunt for a few minutes before she came. She was so worked up from the threeway cosplay fuckfest that she experienced one of the strongest orgasms she had in a long time. Her entire body shivered and she collapsed between Tiffany's thighs as the Aerith lookalike came almost simultaneously. Yuffie pulled the toy out of Piper's overworked slit and fell onto the bed as well.

All three lay there, covered in sweat and breathing heavily, thoroughly spent.

"That was my first time doing anything like that," Tiffany admitted quietly between deep breaths.

Piper crawled up and kissed her passionately, letting her taste her own flavor just as Yuffie had done earlier.
