 My name is Nancy and my husband is Bob, a vice-president at a mid-sized tech company in Little Rock. Although we are both sneaking up on middle-age, you have to look close to tell it. Bob, an avid golfer, keeps himself in tip-top shape. He's lean and tan with a flat belly and a tight butt.

Using a combination of aerobics and weight training I do my best to make time stand still. My waist is hard and narrow in the shadow of my big boobs. Even though gravity does her best on them, the underlying muscle tone keeps the girls looking up. I have a sweet young man named Frank in Hillcrest who, for a small fortune every week, makes sure my hair is blond and stylish with not a gray strand or dark root in sight. His boyfriend Tony does my nails and waxes my legs.

Bob is very successful at work and, though we are not quite wealthy, we have more than enough to live comfortably. Between his job and golf we don't spend as much time together as we used to, but that's okay. I keep busy at the club or with a variety of civic activities. Our sex life is satisfying but not spectacular. When we were younger we were passionate and experimental, but with age we're down to an average of one or two times a week, almost always missionary. Not boring exactly, but no one is going to make a porno flick in our bedroom.

Neither one of us have ever been unfaithful. Oh, we've had offers and we've both been tempted, but it just never happened. We're content with the lives we have.

Then along came Talia. 

Periodically Bob gets an intern to work with him, usually an MBA student at the U. of A. When he told me about Talia I thought she sounded interesting. He said she was a little older than most interns, from some Eastern European country. Her native language was Russian but he said she spoke English extremely well. He also told me she was the brightest, most talented intern he'd ever had. Every time he talked about her it was in increasingly glowing terms until I was certain she could both walk on water and leap tall buildings. I didn't feel jealous exactly, just uncertain about this girl who seemed to be too good to be true.

When Bob told me we'd be going to a company party and I'd finally get to meet Talia I was pretty excited. Usually I hated those parties, but this one I was looking forward to. I'd finally get to meet the woman who had made such an impression on my husband.

I took special effort getting ready, including an extra session with Frank and Tony. I applied make-up lightly to highlight what I have been told are my best features. I bought a new, expensive, dress cut low enough to be interesting but not so low as to be a distraction. Pearl ear rings and necklace set off the ensemble. I was stunning, if I do say so myself. Bob put on his usual tux, although I noticed he had some sexy cologne I'd never noticed before. Together we were one great looking couple.

We got to the party fashionably late. I casually looked around the room for the fabled Talia. When I didn't see anyone I didn't know, we started mingling, working the room like a good executive couple. Finally Bob took my elbow and nodded to the side of the room. "Honey, there's Talia now. Come on, I want you to meet her." Looking where he was nodding I saw a stocky young woman with stringy brown hair and thick glasses wearing a dowdy, mid-length dress that her mother must have made.

"Oh yes," I said, hoping the relief didn't show in my voice. "I've been wanting to meet her. You didn't tell me she was nearly blind. Those glasses are really something."

"Not her. That's Len's intern, Fay. Talia's standing behind her." My heart skipped a beat as he pointed at the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen. Lustrous dark hair falling over her bare shoulders. High cheekbones and a strong chin. Dimples. The girl had fucking dimples! Her stylish dress swept the floor and exposed enough cleavage to lose your inhibitions in. No waist to speak of, but hips to die for. Probably had dimples on her ass, too. To make matters worse when she looked up and spotted us - spotted Bob - she broke out in a smile like she'd won the lottery. Maybe she had.

This vision rushed over to us and extended a hand to me. "You must be Nancy. Bob has told me so much about you. He talks about you all the time." Not content with shaking my hand, Talia gave me a hug that had my boobs rubbing against her chest in a way that scared and fascinated me. "I am so glad to finally meet you," she said, looking at me with the deepest blue eyes I'd ever imagined. A person could drown in those pools.

Her voice was a half-octave deeper than most women, which wasn't surprising considering the size of her lungs. Her Slavic accent was both sultry and cute. Bob was right about her being older than most students. She looked to be about thirty going on puberty. 

We exchanged pleasantries a while. At least she was pleasant while I tried to be, what with turning green and all. Finally she drifted off to enchant other executives. As she walked away the world seemed a little dimmer. I had to admit she lit up the room with her charm, not to mention her cleavage. It had taken a lot of willpower not to sneak too many peaks into that valley. Turning to my husband I said, "You didn't tell me how beautiful Talia is."

"Yes," my darling asshole husband answered. "She is pretty isn't she. But she's so damn smart. I am lucky to have her." I bit my tongue to avoid saying what I wanted to that remark.

We didn't get much chance to talk to Talia the rest of the evening, but every time I spotted her she seemed to be looking at my husband, despite the fact I kept close to him the whole time. And every time I saw her she was prettier and sexier. If I hadn't hated her I would have been in love, or at least in lust. She was the only female I'd ever met who was as attractive to other women as she was to men. Well, at least as attractive to me.

The following Monday Bob told me Talia claimed to have been so glad we'd met and how much she liked me. He must have sensed the air of competition because he rarely mentioned her all week. Then on Friday morning Bob called me from work. "Talia and I are having lunch at the Afterthought and she suggested we have you to join us. She knows I'm going to be at the golf tournament this weekend and thought we ought to spend some time together today." 

"How thoughtful," I said. Not thoughtful enough to let us have lunch alone, but at least she remembered he was married. We arranged to meet at 12:30, which would give me enough time to get as primped and pretty as I could.

I had a brief fear that they were inviting me to break the news they were running off together for a weekend of carnal sin. But then I remembered the tournament he was playing in. Bob loves golf a lot more than pussy. No way he would miss a tournament just for sex, even with someone as desirable as Talia. I knew my marriage was safe at least until Monday. 

I got to the restaurant before they did and waited at the bar trying to boost my courage with a tall glass of sweet tea. As I sat there I got to wondering, hoping, that perhaps, like many European women, Talia did not shave her legs. I thought it would be fitting if the vision of loveliness would be marred by long, dark hairs on her calves. That thought was enough for me to order another sweet tea. I knew it was a vain hope because the dress she wore at the party made it clear she shaved her underarms. And sure enough, as she and Bob came into the restaurant her modestly short skirt exposed a pair of smooth, shapely legs. Naturally that led me to question what else did she shave. Was her pubic area as smooth as her legs? I thought about asking Bob about it. Of course if he knew that much about her pussy I'd have to kill him.

"Oh Nancy," Talia said coming up to me and giving me a big hug. "I'm so glad you could make it. I hope we can get to know each other better." 

"I hope so too," I said, "But as much as Bob talks about you I feel as if I know you already." Talia took my arm as we followed Bob to the table he had reserved.

"Your hair looks so nice, you have to tell me who does it," Talia gushed.

"A young man named Tony," I replied. "His shop is just down the street. Maybe we can pop in later and I'll introduce you. He's expensive, but he does a marvelous job."

"I probably can't afford him very often, but I'd love it if he could make my hair look as good as yours." Who was she kidding. Changing a single strand of her perfect hair would be like painting over the Sistine Chapel. But I did appreciate the compliment, and I knew Tony would also. At least I wasn't worried about him running off with her.

As we ate, Bob started talking about his golf game. "I'm thinking abut using my new driver. I can hit the ball a lot straighter, but not always as far. I've never used it in an important game. Should I try it out at the tournament?" Talia and I both knew he didn't really want an answer from us, so we kept quiet and let him run on. When Bob starts on golf, nothing else exists. After about five minutes Talia and I both still had smiles on our faces, but the glazed look in her eyes told me she was as interested as I was.

When he finally stopped for a sip of tea, Talia jumped in. "So Nancy. Do you have big plans this weekend while Bob is off playing with his balls?" With her accent one might think the pun was inadvertent, but the slight rise in the corners of her lips let me know it was intentional. The faithful intern was very subtly making fun of her boss. I was starting to like her even more.

"No, not really," I responded, also hinting at a smile to let her know I understood her meaning. "I'll probably hang out at home. Maybe go shopping. No real plans. How 'bout you? I bet you've got a busy weekend coming up with your friends."

"Actually not. I am house sitting for the Moores and I will just hang around the pool there. I am taking care of their animals and turning lights on and off to let burglars know someone's home."

Len Moore is another vice-president at Bob's firm. They have a beautiful home on a bluff overlooking the Arkansas River. I'd been there several times to dinner and an occasional company party. Their backyard contains an olympic-sized pool and is surrounded on two sides by a high fence, completely private. The back of their lot looks out at about a hundred miles of the Ozark foothills. 

Len is rumored to be a ladies man. They tell me his conquests are numerous but he's very discrete about them. His wife Mona has a similar reputation. From what I've heard she has had her own conquests, not all of them men. Their master bedroom has a second-floor balcony with a hot tub and a spectacular view. I've never seen it but both Len and Mona have offered to show it to me. If I suddenly become a widow - for instance if Bob should know the answer to the Talia pubic hair question - I wouldn't mind taking Len up on his offer. I might even consider Mona's.

Before Bob could get started on what he intended to do with his balls the next day, Talia jumped back in. "I've got an idea. Why don't you come over and spend the day with me, Nancy. I would love to have the company. It will be fun. We can even try out the hot tub. You have to see the view from there."

"Oh, I couldn't," I started to say.

"Honey, I think that's a great idea," Bob said, finally diverted from the golf course. "It would be great if you two could become better friends. I'm glad you thought of it, Talia."

"Well, okay," I said. "I'd love to." I was confused. I'd been worried about my husband getting involved with this woman, and now they were both trying to turn us into bosom buddies. Considering the combined size of our bosoms, that would be quite a sight.

Saturday morning Bob was up and out of the house by a quarter 'til dawn. We had made arrangements for me to get to the Moores about nine. I skipped putting on make-up as I knew we'd probably be in the pool. I put a swim suit and towel in my beach bag, choosing my sexiest bikini so I could show Talia what the competition had in her arsenal. I wore a short skirt and a blouse a little too small for me, not that I was showing off. I had to leave the top three buttons open to make it fit right. When I got there I found Talia wearing a house dress with buttons all the way down the front. Like me, she had left the top buttons open. Unlike me, she was not wearing a bra. Those of us blessed with big boobs don't have any secrets in the brassiere department.

Again she hugged me and pulled me inside, her girls flopping against my arm. "Come sit down," she said. "I'm just getting ready to have a cup of chai tea. Let me pour you some." I sat on the sofa, a tray with a tea service on the coffee table in front of me. Talia sat in a chair across from me and poured us each a cup. 

"Mmm, this is good," I told her after a sip. "It's not like any chai tea I've ever had before."

"It's made with rose petals and a hint of lavender," she said. "It's rumored to be an aphrodisiac."

"It's good, but I'd think you'd have trouble getting most men to drink it."

"Oh, it does not work on men. It is specifically for women." Of course. Talia's looks would be aphrodisiac enough for any man. "I don't know if that's true," she went on. "I just like it. I hope you do too."

We sipped our tea while we exchanged our life stories. Talia was from Ukraine and had been studying in the country for five years. She had a BA from a small college in Iowa and was working on her MBA. She never mentioned a boyfriend, and I didn't ask.

After nearly three cups of tea I was feeling warm and companionable. I was coming to find that Talia was witty and charming, in addition to being beautiful. She seemed truly interested in my mundane childhood in south Arkansas. Maybe it seemed exotic to a girl who vacationed on the Black Sea.

When we each drained our cups we discovered the pot was empty. "Let me get rid of this stuff," she said. "I'll be right back." Talia picked up the tray and disappeared into the kitchen. When she returned she sat on the sofa, turned to face me.

"There are some things we need to talk about," she said seriously.

"Uh, yes," I answered, wondering what was coming.

"Your husband, Bob, is a wonderful boss. Actually, he's been more of a mentor to me. I have learned so much from him, and hope to learn more."

"Yes," I said, getting worried.

"But that's all he is," she said. "I don't want you to be jealous of me. I'm not interested in Bob in any way but as a boss and a mentor. Certainly not in any, uh, personal way. In fact, I'm not interested in any man in that way."

"Of course not, dear," I managed to say. I was relieved that she was the one to bring it up, and only hoped she was telling the truth. By that time I was feeling relaxed and more than ready to accept anything she had to say. "I appreciate you telling me."

"But there's something else we need to talk about. When we met at the party I saw you looking me over. That is to be expected. Every woman, every wife, checks out the woman her husband has been working with. But you did not stop. You kept watching me, and frankly I found it both flattering and exciting."

"Uh, yes," I said, not knowing where this was going. "But every time I saw you, you seemed to be looking at Bob. And it didn't appear like you were seeking a mentor," I said honestly.

Talia hesitated a moment, then reached out and touched my cheek with her fingertips. "I wasn't looking at Bob." Neither one of us breathed for a moment, then she went on, "I was looking at the most desirable woman in the room. I was looking at you, Nancy." I think my heart stopped for an instant.

"Talia, any time you enter a room you will always be the most desirable woman there." She actually blushed, but then I did too. What the hell had I said?

"Nancy, I'm not interested in your husband. I'm interested in you." 

Maybe it was the tea doing it's thing. Maybe it was the situation. Mostly I think it was the wonderful, beautiful and completely sincere woman in front of me. Whatever it was I held my breath and murmured, "Me too. I couldn't take my eyes off of you, couldn't get enough of you."

We both sat looking into each others' eyes for what seemed like an hour, Talia with her hand on my cheek, my hands folded in my lap. We were both leaning forward toward each other, but both afraid to move. Then her hand slid down my cheek until it was on my blouse. "You have beautiful breasts. May I see them? Touch them?"

"Of course not! Are you crazy? I don't want another woman to feel me up!" That's what I meant to say. Instead I just nodded.

I sat motionless as she opened the buttons on my blouse, then I held my arms out and let her slide it off me. Suddenly I was glad that I'd worn one of my best bras. It was pink silk trimmed with lace at the tops of the cups. Talia dipped her fingers into those cups, brushing my nipples with the backs of her fingers. I bit my lip, trying not to mew in pleasure. I could feel my nipples filling with blood, pressing against the soft cloth - and against her fingers. We didn't either one speak as she lightly touched and stimulated my breasts. Then she noticed that the bra opened in the front. Quickly she unhooked it and I let her slide if off my arms. 

Dropping the garment on the floor, her hands went back to my tits. She leaned over and sucked my right nipple into her mouth. I have never felt anything as tender or as exciting as the gentle suction from her lips. Then she switched and sucked just as softly on the other.

Releasing me she pulled back slightly and looked me in the eye. "Thank you, Nancy. I've wanted to do that since the first time I saw you." She held her arms out and said, "Would you like to see mine?" Again I could only nod as I opened the buttons on her dress down to her navel. She let me pull it off her arms, her beautiful mounds shimmering just in front of my own. Then I did as she had, sucking first one of her nipples and then the other between my lips. I had never touched a woman like that before and was surprised at how good it felt. I could have happily sucked those tits for hours, but like her I pulled back, waiting to see what else would happen. I was sure that I was going to get the answer to the question I'd had the day before.

We looked each other in the eyes, still touching the sides of the other's breasts. "Are you wet?" she asked quietly. 

I didn't need to answer as her hand was already under my skirt. I bit my lip, trying not to cry out as her fingers ran up the silk between my legs. "Oh yes, you are so warm and damp." As she said it her fingers slipped under my panties. "May I?" she asked. She didn't have to be more specific. I knew she was asking if she could stick her fingers in my pussy. Once more I could only nod - then gasp as I felt her touching my insides. She leaned closer, our nipples brushing, as her fingers went deeper into my most private depths. 

I should have been protesting. Letting another woman touch me, poke at me like a high school stud on a second date. Instead I moaned. "That feels so good, Talia." She smiled and continued exploring my snatch.

I realized my hand was on her knee. I slid it up her thigh, under her skirt, where I discovered her completely bare pussy. No panties. No pubic hair. Just a smooth, damp slit that seemed to suck my fingers into it. It was her turn to gasp, and she did so, emitting a soft moan of pleasure. We sat like that for a couple of hours - or maybe a couple of minutes, as I tried to calm down. My head was reeling from what we were doing. I had never believed that I would be touching, or being touched by, another woman that way. I loved it. Loved the feel of her hand on me, and the feel of her vagina biting at my fingers.

Then Talia spoke quietly, "Let's go get in the hot tub. We can play with each other a little, then we will get out and get on the bed so I can make love to you."
