 When I was a child my parents thought it was a good idea to send me to a good, strict co-ed grammar school - I have no brothers. This turned out to be a mistake - I wasted my time there from the start and no amount of bribes, threats, detentions or punishment could get me to work. My behaviour went from bad to worse when I discovered boys at about fourteen. They also noticed me as I'd grown to 5ft 8ins tall by the time I was twelve and needed a bra to control my increasingly large breasts.

Since then I've been out with lots of guys of all ages, nationalities and physical types. I've also always had many platonic male friends as well as lovers and have talked with many men over the years about sex - both at work and in my private life. After having conducted extensive research, I've come to the conclusion that many straight men have only two questions on their minds when they start dating someone new. The first is will she swallow my sperm? The second is will she let me fuck her up the arse.

However there is a third thing lurking in many men's minds which any bi or bi-curious girl will know only too well. The minute you tell your latest boyfriend you've been with a woman -- or even mention fantasies about it, they'll always ask if you are up for a threesome, usually naming your very attractive girlfriend who they secretly fancy the pants off. I've experienced some PC talk that the man of the moment cares about me and he wouldn't want to watch me pleasure someone else, but I know that's just what they think I've wanted to hear. In reality he'd love to be in the sack with me and one of my hot friends. I just know it.

In the 1980s when I was backpacking and working my way around the world, I spent time working on a moshav in Israel. Pretty soon after I arrived, I hooked up with the local bad boy, much to the disgust of the local community and other volunteers. I was warned of Avi's liking for the ladies and told of the three kids by different local women he already had, with his history of shagging any of the more liberally minded, less discriminating female workers from overseas who happened to be up for it. His alcohol consumption and second job in dealing in soft drugs were also thrown at me by the concerned farmer I worked for but nothing could put me off. I liked Avi. He was a street smart chav who lived for the moment and I was a foul mouthed, boozed up party girl who enjoyed the notoriety of being his girlfriend. It was a match made in heaven and I revelled in the fact that I was the topic of a lot of gossip -- most of it uncomplimentary. I didn't give a flying fuck that I was intensely disliked by the many of the UK volunteers --laughing in the faces of the people who said I was, "a disgrace to the British".

It was said to me several times that a relationship between an Israeli man and European woman cannot work out. What we had was far from a relationship as we were fuck friends and nothing more, but it's true there were some cultural differences which caused lots of heated rows, as well as some great times in bed. I soon found out that Avi was open-minded about monogamy, but only when it was him that was screwing around with others. His chauvinistic pride was dented when his friends whispered to him that I did the same, but on the whole there was an unspoken agreement that the thing we had wasn't exclusive on either side -- it suited me fine at the time.

Pretty soon after we got it together, he popped the question when he noticed me eyeing one of his mates' girlfriend's breasts.

"You want to make fuck with her too"? Mr Subtle asked to find out if I'd go with a woman. The thought hadn't entered my mind at this stage, but while we were on the subject I told him that I had enjoyed women in the past. Quite frankly Avi was just a little bit thick and I could see by his face he was filing this information away in his Neanderthal brain, although he said nothing more at this point in time.

He'd often turn up without warning when he wanted sex or to socialise on a Friday night, when the more dissipated volunteers partied underground in a bomb shelter. Along with many others I used go to the village shop and buy a bottle of local vodka costing a shekel, then empty it out into a soft drink bottle and top it up with whatever. There was always lots of pot freely available courtesy of the seedy Avi who usually bought many of his friends with him, despite the efforts of the farmers to try and keep them all out. We were quite often all up when the sun rose on a Saturday morning - the people who hadn't pulled would sit outside with a black coffee and watch who came out of whose houses.

One hot Friday evening my boyfriend arrived with some of his liberal minded friends and their girlfriends to join the Shabbat party - they had no problem with doing whatever took their fancy on what is the beginning of the Jewish Sabbath. As they drank and smoked I noticed that there was one woman who appeared to have come without a boyfriend and that she knew my man well. I wondered who she was.

I have to admit that I found her very attractive. I am taller than the average woman but she was taller -probably close to 6ft. She wore a simple short sleeved white T-Shirt which showed off her bare toned midriff. This together with her dark eyes and long black hair, added up to a very beautiful woman who obviously worked outside in the sun. Her tight, blue cotton shorts left nothing to the imagination and I could not take my eyes off the very obvious camel toe that was formed from them digging deep into her crotch.

I saw my boyfriend speak to her and although I was unable to understand what I could hear of their conversation as they spoke in Hebrew, became aware that they were talking about me when I saw the woman look over at me. When she caught my eye she gave me a warm smile.

Curiously I went over to be introduced to her and learned her name was Erit. I was unable to take my eyes off her as she started to chat to me in her heavily accented English. As we discussed the countries I'd visited and my time on the moshav -- I began to have one thought on my mind. What Erit would look like naked and lain out with her legs spread wide on a bed.

As I shared the joint she offered me I found myself looking at her very kissable mouth and perfect white teeth. I fantasised about what her bare pussy might look like under those clingy shorts -- and wondered how she dared go out dressed like that. In the 80s shaving wasn't as popular with women as it is now so it didn't occur to me that she wouldn't have pubic hair but I knew a real woman when I saw one and guessed that her inner labia must be as engorged as her painted red lips - not all tucked away into a neat, Playboy style little slit so there'd be nothing to suck on and play with. I visualised a prominent clit I would be able to stroke easily and was very excited by the thought of having to spread out a pair of huge pussy lips wide to gain access to it.

Her breasts were fairly large in proportion to her slim figure and I could see the outline of her big nipples under her tight top. I thought about how I'd like to cup and stroke those beautiful mounds in turn as I kissed her, and imagined moving on down her neck to lick round each saucer like areola. The pictures running through my mind made me wet between my already hot and sweaty thighs.

It dawned on me that this woman knew what I was thinking, and had the same images about my body in her mind. I knew then that my sleazy boyfriend had invited her along for a reason. I decided that he was not going to be involved in the threesome he was planning -- or even be allowed to watch Erit and I get it on in the sack.

At around 2am the party broke up and people started to head off home. I began walking with Avi and his friends back to their local village, along with some of the other moshav volunteers who guessed if they tagged along with us, there might be more drinking, smoking and fun. Most of them also knew like I did, that Avi was a security guard for the local gym and swimming pool with a key to the premises, and that there was often a chance of a late night skinny dip if he was in the mood. Sure enough he was so after stripping off we all cavorted in the pool for a while and I had the chance to get a closer look at Erit's body -- it was even more sexy naked than I could have begun to imagine.

Her enormous, very dark nipples and full breasts gave away the fact she had probably had a child at some point, but there wasn't a stretch mark to be seen on her body. Smooth, tanned skin and firm muscles with all that long black hair attracted glances from most of the men as well as me. There was a triangle of dark pubic hair hiding her snatch so I was left to wonder if it was as lovely as I imagined it might be, as she walked towards the pool and dived in.

Someone put a tape of The Talking Heads on in a cassette player in the poolside office and turned it up to max. Some couples openly fondled each other in the water for everyone else to see while other shyer pairs crept off into the shadows. As the noise level and lack of inhibitions increased the local police arrived. I saw them speak to Avi, and laugh as they surveyed the scene. This wasn't the first time that shocked local residents living on the upper floors of the blocks of flats around the pool area had made a complaint about the Friday night activities.

Avi shouted at us all asking us to get dressed and leave as soon as we could. Within a few minutes we all filed out past the grinning policemen who I suspect would have loved to join us, and began walking towards the village itself. People began disappearing as they arrived at their homes. 

I was disappointed that I hadn't been able to get closer to chat some more to Erit in the pool as Avi had spotted my roving eye and cornered me in the swimming pool, but perked up when she started walking with us. As we arrived at Avi's house he said, "Erit sleep on the couch, she have far to go home". I knew my boyfriend's tiny little mind only too well and I still really believe that he didn't realise how transparent he was, but decided to let him continue to think I was going with the flow.

We sat on the sofa and talked and laughed, but although Erit started stroking my thigh I did not respond immediately as we drank and smoked. Avi sat watching us and not saying much but I could tell that he'd got a hard on at the thought of the action he thought he was about to be involved in. I strung out the chat as long as I could and after a while began to respond as Erit's hands begin to wander. Avi's eyes were out on stalks as he watched us begin to touch each other's breasts.

Although his capacity for alcohol was legendary at times, I was always pretty good at wiping him out of beer and pot when I visited him. On this night the fridge was empty very quickly as Erit seemed to be able to hold her drink as well as I could.

Suddenly I thought of a chance to get Avi out of the house that probably wouldn't be repeated. I asked him if he could find any more cold beers at one of his friend's houses. He complained about this at first but when Erit asked him to go to look for some too, agreed to go and see if an obliging neighbour had a few spare bottles. As he obediently walked to the front door I winked at Erit. 

As soon as we were alone I learned over towards her and kissed full on the mouth. She immediately responded and we started tearing each other's clothes off like there was no tomorrow.

"I don't want Avi with us", I said. "He's been planning this, I know it". Erit agreed saying that he'd told her that I was bi-sexual and had asked her if she would participate in a threesome with us. She went on to say that she had slept with Avi many times herself. We agreed that although he had a big dick and he knew how to use it, he didn't have too much up top. We talked about walking back to the bomb shelter we'd been partying at or even just going out into the desert to a cave we knew to be alone, but eventually agreed it would be more fun and naughty to keep Avi out of his own house.

I had a key to the front door so we locked and bolted it and hauled the sofa behind it to make a barricade. Then we unplugged the electric oven and pushed it in front of the locked kitchen door. Despite the stifling heat we also shut and locked all the windows.

It's impossible to stay dry even when making minimal movements when it's summer in the Negev desert. The act of moving furniture and a cooker had us both bathed in sweat within seconds but we didn't really mind. I suggested hitting the shower together but Erit began licking the sweat of my neck and breasts, saying she didn't care.

As I pulled up her head to face me; I kissed her again before putting my hand between her dripping thighs, to let my fingers do the walking. I was delighted to feel that her rather prominent clit was tucked between large, protruding labia as I'd visualised earlier that evening. Like all most bi and lesbian women I've always found big pussy lips an instant turn on but didn't get down between them with my tongue immediately. Instead I gently bit her neck then kissed and sucked on those big dark nipples as I continued to rub inside her throbbing slit with my fingers.

As I did so I heard Avi return. As he realised what we'd done he proceeded to try and break in without success. The area's proximity to the volatile Gaza Strip made all locals very security conscious so like his neighbours he had fitted his home with strong doors and locks. He continued to try and batter down the front door for some time as he alternately begged and pleaded to be let in. 

As I finally started to probe Erit's gorgeous snatch with my tongue and tasted her sweat and musky juices, I licked around her huge cushion-like, pussy lips to the sound of our mutual fuck buddy trying to get in his own house to join in. He lost his temper and began to abuse us, calling us cunts and whores which inflamed us even more - somehow his foul language made the whole thing extra exiting. As I slowly licked Erit's clit I gently worked two fingers inside her, she came like a rocket as Avi broke the glass in the bedroom window.

As he reached in to release the lock, Erit was off the bed with its sweat soaked sheets like lightning. She reached under it and as I looked at the object she pulled out, realised that I had frequently had sex in a bed under which my boyfriend kept a gun. She let the safety catch off and pointed the gun at Avi and said something in Hebrew I didn't understand. The message was obvious and even shit for brains Avi got it loud and clear -- three was a crowd! After calling us cunts one more time he was quiet.

Any traveller in Israel will soon get used to seeing lots of young soldiers of both sexes carrying firearms. However I didn't really think I could go on with what we were doing with a shooter under the bed so I asked Erit to take it out of the room. She put the safety catch back on and placed it just outside the bedroom door.

When she returned she began licking her drying juices off my lips and chin, before kissing me until I thought I was being consumed by her. Her tongue invaded my mouth as her hands moved all over my body before she attempted to sneak in my back door entrance with her index finger. 

Muttering how tight my anus was Erit asked if I ever had been butt fucked by Avi. I truthfully replied that he was a caveman who'd asked for this sex act on our first date when I told him I had my period, but I hadn't let him try it because I was afraid that his very large penis would do me some damage. I went on to say that once I'd been woken up at sunrise by him trying to penetrate my anus without so much as a good morning or warning -- and that it hadn't occurred to him to use lubrication. We agreed that this was plain rude and that we definitely didn't need Avi or his big dick to have a good time in bed - then Erit resumed fingering and playing with my pussy, until I begged her to lick my clit.

As she complied I felt her long, mobile tongue pry into every part of my snatch before it lapped into my sopping cunt hole as she tasted me. As she sucked on each of my inner labia then slowly ran her tongue up and down the length of me, I began squealing and moaning. Erit continued to keep it coming and coming for what seemed ages but always slowed down as I came near to climaxing. I began to beg and plead with her to let me orgasm but she refused to give in and teased me for what seemed like hours.

Finally she got up and went to the kitchen -- thinking I was being left in the lurch I wondered how I'd ever be the same again if she didn't come back and finish what she'd started, but was reassured to see her return with some ice cubes in a glass. I realised that she knew as well as I did that Avi loved nothing better than the feel of pumping his cock into an ice cold mouth, before shooting his load down its owner's throat. As she shook the glass long and hard next to the window, we knew that he would hear the noise from outside and guess what was happening in his bed. We laughed when we heard him call us cunts for the hundredth time.

Finally Erit put the glass down, got back on the bed with me and continued to dish it out long and slow. After picking up an ice cube and running it over my nipples and belly, she trailed it down between my legs and stroked it along the sensitive area between my labia as I writhed and moaned uncontrollably. I could hear the noise I was making but was unable to stop myself as her tongue slid back and forth across my clit without letting up as she continued to use the ice cube to help her fuck me.

And as I finally came I knew Avi and I were history.