 I was sitting in the far corner of the reading room inside the Parker Family Mansion, a sprawling one hundred and fifty year old sugar plantation located on the Savannah River, with my older brother Jason and we were doing what we did best, gossip.

Good old fashioned "did ya hear about?" between the two of us, facilitated I was sure by the joint I had pressured him into sharing with me out in the garden, amongst the walled maze of blooming confederate jasmine and majestic, moss covered oaks before coming back inside , to blend in unnoticed into the art auction that had been going on all night.

We sat on the corner of the small bar snickering under our breath just like we had as teenagers , when our parents used to drag us here for parties or functions and our mother would end up berating us about our abhorrent behavior in public, and neither of us caring then or now as we sat telling tall tales. 

"How much money, Jordan?" Jason had asked, astonished at my first answer to his question.

"Ten ...thousand...." I repeated flatly, not cracking a smile.

" He's a circuit court judge ....who we've known since we were kids , hell he bailed us both outta jams more than once!" he admonished , still thrown by what I had just told him as he watched the old man in the powder blue suit walk across the room .

" Ok.... So he's a cool old judge with a penchant for escorts and high stakes poker, and he also owes me ten grand." I smirked at him as I signaled the waiter floating by for another vodka tonic.

"Alright, who else?" he asked laughing at my statement.

I looked around the packed to the gills room, picking my next victim, familiar, well dressed faces littered the crowd , people he and I had known for years either personally, professionally or through our parents and their very active social life . 

I zeroed in on Amanda Hayes, beautiful, blonde, angelic, and also just like most of the people in this room, she was hiding a secret. One that I was sure could bring her seemingly good girl image crashing down around her and ruin her perfect family in the process.

The daughter of a well-known , well liked, and very proud Baptist minister here in Savannah, Amanda was the epitome of a preacher's daughter, dressed down in a pastel blue summer dress that hid her curves well, with her hair back in a ponytail complete with a ribbon matching her dress, and very little makeup.

"Amanda Hayes..... She shoots and stars in amateur porn when she's away at college." I said, smiling at his stunned reaction.

" Holy shit Jordan, how could you possibly know that?" he asked curiously, blatantly staring at the attractive young woman.

"Where do you think she got the money for the production equipment ....and she paid me back six months into her first year with interest , she is a smart girl ,very business savvy with just a touch of freak." I grinned.

We were both giggling about our conversation, laughing like we always did, enjoying one another's company for the first time in a very long time. 

The animosity between us had seemed to subside for the moment, and it felt good to have my brother back even just for a random evening, despite the strain that still lingered we were slowly trying to heal the damage of harsh words and disagreements that had bruised our normally deep bond, over the last year .

"Is there anyone in this town you don't have dirt on?" he asked curiously as he glanced around the room.

As his new wife Ashley walked slowly up behind us , looming like the predator she seemed to be my demeanor instantly changed and I was quickly on guard , it was no secret that I didn't like his new bride and made no qualms about it .

"Yes ... Your new wife." I said under my breath, frowning in disappointment as she slithered up next to him, her perfect smile, perfect blonde hair and perfect tits that were spilling out of the little black dress she wore instantly getting under my skin.

"And just what are the two if you talking about?" she asked playfully, all the while her eyes on mine, glaring at me.

You could feel the tension between us, it had been there the minute I had met her and the very moment she first spoke to me a year ago, Ashley Brooks Keller had seemed too perfect, and it had set off my alarm bells instantly.

"The dirty little secrets people try to keep." I said to the buxom blonde.

"Well I'm sure the room is full of them." she said sarcastically, tightening her grip on Jason's arm and clearly putting an end to any fun we were having.

I looked at my brother and smiled before kissing him lightly on the cheek. 

"Thanks for hanging out, I'll see you later." I said before walking away from the two of them, not wanting to get into a pissing contest with her once again over Jason's time, or some snippy conversation that I didn't have time for.

I could hear the two of them as I strolled casually away , bickering as they usually did , her scolding him for being high which was my fault and that would lead to them squabbling about me .

I didn't trust her, I knew very little about her and that was only because Jason had asked me not to check on her background, not to be my normal paranoid self, and I had honored his wish despite how wary I was of her.

They had only been together barely a year now , had gotten married four months into their whirlwind romance , my brother had been reeling from a breakup with Becca of their six year relationship after giving her the ultimatum of him or her involvement with me and our growing illegal empire .

Becca had chosen power and it had crushed him, they no longer spoke and the animosity between them was still fresh and seething. As for him and I, it took months for him to stop blaming me for her choice or to even speak to me and with Ashely around repairing our wounded relationship would be difficult.

I melted easily into the crowd, an eclectic mix of old money and local artists for the art exhibit and auction being put on by Caroline Carson, the curator of The Savannah Museum of Art.

My oldest, deepest addiction had asked me to come, knowing I would never say no to her and was always willing to lend my family name to anything she was doing to raise money or promote local artists.

Catered food, flowing drinks , soft jazz and open checkbooks would be how the evening would go , it was never about the incredible talent Caroline had put together, it was always about who could write the fattest check and outdo one another in bidding and bragging rights.

I moved through the growing crowd giving polite hellos, and agreeing to drinks or a meeting here or there, but really needing some air as I worked my way through the main dining hall and out onto the rear patio through the glass french doors, the warm June breeze felt good against my cool skin. 

Looking down at my Movado watch, it was only nine p.m. and it would be another hour until the auction began, and I was beginning to feel restless.

I stood quietly in the darkness for a moment letting the buzz I felt sink in a bit more, and wondering if I would see Rachael tonight?

I had been back almost two weeks from South Beach and had only seen my brunette banker twice since rekindling our affair and both of those times Becca had been with me. I wasn't sure which was worse, choosing not to have Rachael Harris when I could or choosing to have her and not having any time to perpetuate our ongoing affair.

We hadn't had any time to feed my monster or hers, our lives being too busy to give in to our own selfish needs, and quick whispers of need and want were not satisfying either of us.

My little monster was beginning to get impatient, and I decided to go looking for a fix, something to curb the gnawing need, something to entertain it for the time being until I could properly feed it . 

I had lost Becca once we arrived; she was always networking no matter where we were or what we were doing it was business first with her, she had agreed to come with me despite knowing she may see Jason.

I walked slowly along the edge of the garden, along the red brick paved walkway, working my way to the side entrance to slip back into the fray of the evening, back into the boring conversations, and arrogant attitudes. As I made my way toward the corner of the enormous ten room antebellum home, I could hear them laughing before I saw them.

Deep, near howling laughter that carried throughout the garden, the soft pale light of the porch lamp shown across them as they stood against the railing of the wrap around porch, sipping on their cocktails and obviously telling tall tales. 

Becca Jameson my loyal best friend and partner in crime was standing next to Rachael Harris and Caroline Carson, my newest and longest addictions together in one place, how lucky was I?

My little monster perked up, curious at the sight in front of it, all three women looked stunning dressed impeccably for the evening. Becca was looking gorgeous as usual in an emerald green cocktail dress, which hugged her curves and accentuated her very ample bosom.

Rachael looked ravishing in a black Donna Karan strapless dress, her brunette hair loose and curling around her gorgeous face. My redheaded lover Caroline wore a simple black cocktail dress that dipped enticingly low in the front and even more so in the back, just low enough to see the top of the white G string panties she wore.

The three of them stood their laughing and talking, deep into their conversation and completely unaware of me watching them. I stood quietly taking them in, my eyes on my gorgeous brunette banker and my redheaded lover, watching them interact.

For most people the sight of Caroline and Rachael standing so close would not even peak their interest, or as a lover of both spur the ugly face of jealousy, but I noticed the charge in the air, I honed in on it instantly.

It was the subtle way Caroline was touching my brunette lover, as she stood between my oldest addiction and the woman that knew almost everything about me. 

A soft touch at the small of Rachael's back as they stood talking, and the slight way Caroline was slipping her fingers back and forth against the belt at Rachael's waist. 

That simple action would have caused anyone to second guess any lover, but not me and these two women, for me it triggered something entirely different, this feeling coursing through me as I walked slowly toward them was far from jealousy and bordered on a physical need to be consumed by one or both of them. 

My best friend had no idea, of the pull these two women had over me, she of course knew of my long standing affair with Caroline but had no idea of the craving I had for the brunette.

One had groomed me, making me addicted to her for years now, and the other was slowly becoming a much needed high for me, a fix I constantly craved and would gladly feed given the opportunity.

"Which story are you telling now?" I asked breaking up their laughter as they all three turned around to face me, smiling at my sudden appearance.

"For once Jordan, it's not about you it's about my trip to San Juan last year." Becca said as she leaned over the railing giving me a face full of delicious cleavage, and smiling playfully at me. 

"Good!" I said relieved, smiling as I stepped up onto to the porch joining them.

Both of my lovers took me in from head to toe, their eyes glancing over my body here or there, I had chosen my favorite pair of black Armani pants and a purple silk, scoop neck blouse.

"But... if you like I can tell a Jordan story?" she threatened her grin devilish and infecting.

"Oh please do!" Rachael agreed a bit too enthusiastically, egging my best friend on and smiling triumphantly at me.

"Be my guest!" I said sarcastically, with a wave of my hand and glaring at Rachael for even suggesting it.

I ordered us a round of drinks and sent the fluttering waiter on his way, I leaned against the railing and watched as Becca began to tell her favorite story that involved myself and the wife of a wealthy Texas cattle rancher that I had bought property from some years back . 

"The guy must have been sixty at the time, and his wife was what, thirty five?" she asked looking at me for confirmation, as she began the lurid tale.

"Yes, and I was twenty four." I answered, looking at Caroline who was smiling at the age difference because she knew my penchant for older women had stemmed from years of being her plaything.

"This woman the ex beauty queen and her husband wanted to sell their ranch and move to the Florida Keys, so ever the diligent businesswoman our Jordan here arranged to see the property." Becca continued, I drifted off not listening.

I knew the story well and turned my attention to Rachael as she listened intently, laughing at Becca's humorous retelling of one of my tall tales. I stood next to my best friend, laughing at all the right points but fully lost in the idea forming in my head.

My addiction to these two women was coming to life, my skin began to crawl, I was anxious for a hit of my favorite drug. And having them both was becoming a need I would surely fill, as I began to imagine having them both at the same time, I quickly had to look away from my gorgeous brunette banker and my seductive redhead, longtime lover but not before Caroline saw it, she knew me well, knew what I would be thinking and the sly grin across her full red lips said so.

"We had spent the day, taking a look at the property on horseback which I hated mind you and they insisted we stay the night so we could see it in its entire splendor the next day." Becca continued laying out the tawdry tale, for the two women listening so intently.

I finished my drink and stood there waiting for the story to end, rolling my eyes at her as she embellished.

" We had a lovely dinner of classic Texas bar b que, enjoyed the hospitality, beautiful scenery and amazing heat, it had to be well into the hundreds even at ten o'clock at night ....anyway." she paused looking at me for agreement.

I nodded and she continued, weaving her tale.

"We slept in the guest house that evening , despite the oppressive heat and the last thing I remember before dozing off around midnight was Jordan telling me she was going for a swim because she couldn't sleep." she added with a roll of her eyes at me.

"What ...I couldn't sleep!" I admonished, throwing my hands up in defeat.

" Yea ok ..." she continued, ignoring my defense "Anyway I get woken up sometime around two am and I get up to check on my dear best friend because she couldn't possibly still be swimming, and I come out of the bedroom stumbling in the dark to find yours truly ..." she added with a dramatic pause and a point in my direction. 

"On the couch of the one bedroom guesthouse with the beauty queen buried between her legs." she glared at me, disappointed in my behavior like she always was. 

"We did get the property for less than the asking price." I joked, as the other two women burst out laughing.

"What did she do, knock off ten grand for each orgasm?" Caroline asked with a hearty laugh.

This brought a new round of raucous laughter from my two lovers, and my best friend.

"In my defense yet again, I did turn her down earlier that day when she gave me a tour of the house and you and her old man were haggling over the price!" I said defiantly to Becca.

"I'm sure that just made her pursue you more, I know I would have. "Caroline added, starting another round of laughter. 

I felt comfortable for the first time in weeks, my business was thriving both legitimately and illegitimately, I was surrounded by people I trusted and felt completely comfortable with, having a lighthearted moment between a few friends.

It's funny how that can change in an instant.

I saw my brother walking toward us from behind Becca, a slight frown across his handsome features and as he got closer I realized just how much like our father he was looking these days.

With his goatee and graying at the temples, dark brown hair he was beginning to look more and more like our old man the older he got, which was ironic because father and son were total polar opposites.

Becca turned just as he walked up, putting them face to face for the first time since he had gotten married four months ago. 

The tension between them was instantly felt, a smoldering anger that quickly flashed in her suddenly stormy, blue eyes, I knew that look, but I wasn't sure Jason did and I stepped between them as they stared at one another, hateful words threatening to come out at any minute.

"What's up?" I asked steering him away from the three women, trying to avoid an awkward scenario between him and Becca.

I could see the three women scatter out of the corner of my eye, Becca still not wanting to be near him and the other two not wanting to intrude.

I turned just in time to see Caroline's hand at the small of Rachael's back again, guiding her back inside the house and out of my sight for the moment.

I had heard what Jason had asked me, it simply took a minute for it to register because I had been distracted by the two beautiful women. 

"You want me to what?" I asked him, not sure I had heard him correctly and I stood there stunned for just a moment waiting for him to repeat himself. 

"I think you should let Mitchell go, so Ashley and I can run the restaurant together." he said again, clearly he was not realizing what he was asking.

I stood there staring at him like he was a stranger, as if he had not grown up in this dysfunctional family of drug traffickers and bootleggers and I could feel the anger welling up in my chest, and threatening to come out.

"Listen to me Jason because I'm only going to say this once... Mitchell Owens will continue to manage the restaurant he is there for one reason and one reason only!" I growled through gritted teeth, trying not to raise my voice at the absurdity of his suggestion.

"She's my wife, and she should have a place in the family businesses!" he fired back, trying to further his justification of such an idiotic idea.

"She's a fucking outsider and just because you decided to marry her does not mean she gets a spot instantly... did you forget why I put Mitchell there?" I asked, trying not to shout at him.

"No!" he snarled, angry at me for not giving him what he asked for, and hating the reason why.

"So unless you're ready to step in to that world with me and pad the books and wash money for me I suggest you drop this ridiculous idea!" I snapped turning and leaving him standing there defeated and angry at me.

I was sure this wasn't my brother's idea, but I expected him to be smarter than this, smart enough to keep his new wife out of our business and away from anything I was involved in.

As I bounded up the stairs and entered through the french doors that led to the main ballroom I caught sight of my brother's new bride and instantly moved in her direction, incredibly angry and intent on telling her what I thought of their idea.

Caroline's hand on my hip stopped me, holding me in place and getting my instant attention.

"Now, now darling let's not be rash." she said, her warm breath against my ear giving me chills as she spoke, her voice taking a calm yet authoritative tone with me.

"Come have a smoke with me and let's see if we can take your mind off all this sudden drama?" she suggested with a smile, taking my hand and leading me back outside.

The touch of her hand changed the anger I was feeling to one of a pure craving for her, the simple touch reminding me of what I had wanted only minutes ago. 

As we walked I caught sight of my brother and the new wife arguing again I was sure over me, and causing one more riff between me and my brother that would at some point have to be repaired.

Once outside I took a deep breath, and continued to let my gorgeous redhead lover lead me by the hand through the darkness and down toward the river. 
