 As I followed Kate I already knew that there would be no way she'd be allowing me to go to work that day. I'd only returned to her flat for my purse but I was unable to stop the slut as she kissed me full on the mouth, her tongue sliding into my mouth to meet mine. Her hands wandered all over my body touching me wherever she damn well pleased. Fingers slipped into my bra... wandered down to the waistband of my trousers until my clothes seemed to come off me in one seamless movement - she had no struggles with zips or hooks like my boyfriends did. I was butt naked and spread wide on the bed before I could say knife.

After gently biting my neck Kate moved on down to my nipples, and began licking and sucking them in turn. As she raised her head back up and invaded my mouth with her tongue once again, she slid two fingers inside me. I groaned out loud, but I was worried. I was due into work in an hour and said so to her as she began stroking my clit with her thumb.

"Call them and say you are ill", was her answer as she rang our workplace then handed me her mobile. Despite me clamping my legs tight shut, she forced them open again and began licking me out while I tried to talk and explain my absence. As I tried hard not to hump Kate's mouth with my pussy, I heard the news that I'd called in sick being relayed by the sous chef to my colleagues who all laughed. It was then that I realised that they already knew where I'd gone to sleep off our excesses of the night before. My cheeks flamed red and hot at the thought of what they must be saying, and I wondered what kind of a hard time I'd have at work when I next showed up for a shift.

I also wondered if my unscheduled sleepover had been planned and if Kate had got what she wanted with the help of our workmates -- perhaps a couple of them had helped get me drunk so that I would forget the time. 

Kate suddenly stopped giving my soaking snatch her full attention, and got up and walked off to the bathroom. Suddenly left hanging; I begged her to come back and finish what she started, but when she did she was holding a razor. However I wasn't afraid. I knew her very well so I instantly realised what she wanted me to do. But I was determined that my pubic hair was going nowhere.

She demanded to shave me but I was adamant that this was not happening. In the end she got the message and simply asked me to do it myself saying she hated to go down on a hairy minge. I thought about this and remembered that the licking out Kate had given me the previous night was quite the most fabulous I'd ever experienced. I had to have her continue stroking my throbbing clit with her tongue more than I've ever needed anything in my life. But I was terrified of a razor being anywhere near my inner labia and began to plead with Kate using this as a reason to refuse.

She seemed to back down and I relaxed when she said, "Come on then get dressed, let's go out for breakfast -- I'll treat you". Although I'd have rather Kate continued to lick my pussy, I got dressed and an hour later had to admit I felt very much better with a double espresso and a fry up down my neck. 

On the way back to Kate's flat, she steered me into a beauty salon saying she wanted to drop in on a friend who worked there. Once we were inside I quickly realised I'd been tricked. I wasn't sure if the beautician who came over was a man or woman but he or she certainly seemed to know Kate. And it wasn't long before my panties were off again and I was laid out with my legs spread ready to have my pubic hair removed. Kate remained in the room despite my protests and seemed keen to watch the proceedings. 

By this time I'd discovered that the beautician was a woman and her name was Gloria -- she asked how much pubic hair to take off so to please Kate I asked for a "tidy up". Slapping down on my thigh so hard I yelled, Kate coldly said "She's having a Brazilian Gloria or I won't lick her pussy again -- at the moment it's like going down on a brillo pad flavoured with anchovies"! I couldn't bear the thought of no more lickings, so I gave in and trembled as talcum powder was applied to my skin. By the time hot wax was spread over my quivering snatch, I was terrified and had tears pricking my eyes. Kate was delighted to be given the job of holding the skin of my outer labia taut for the paper strips to be laid over the wax. After briefly wondering if the two of them really needed to get their faces so far in between my spread legs to see what they were doing, I experienced one split second of agony as my public hair was ripped away, then a burning sensation. Finally I felt a warm towel being placed on my smarting pussy, and was surprised that it actually made it feel better.

Kate insisted I stayed as I was, and after a close visual inspection between my legs, said she could still see some hairs underneath and told Gloria to get rid of them. I was made to go on all fours with my arse in the air - Kate watched gleefully as Gloria spread hot wax on my nether regions and as she did so they talked about the price of a pint as if I wasn't in the room. I yelped in agony as the last of my pubic hair was ripped away and as I stood up and pulled my panties back up, realised I was in way over my head when Kate told me to take my top and bra off and said, "Which one do you think would look best with a ring through it Gloria"? 

I started sobbing and replied that I didn't want either of my nipples pierced. Kate just laughed at me saying, "You're my bitch now and you will do what I fucking well tell you to, but as I am in a good mood you may choose which nipple gets the ring"! When I said I wanted to go I was told, "Fine but no more lickings then"! I complained about the goalposts being moved saying I'd had my pubic hair removed as requested, but the thought of never feeling Kate's very long and mobile tongue inside my snatch again made me rethink my decision in a hurry. Miserably I pointed to my left tit and sat down.

Gloria spread a liquid that smelt like antiseptic on my nipple telling me not to be afraid as she did so. She then make two marks on each side of my nipple before producing what appeared to be a pair of tweezers with a hole in each blade. I was too terrified even to cry when the holes were lined up with the marks on my nipple, and was nearly sick when a large needle was quickly pushed through the hole on one side of the tweezers, through my nipple and out the other side. Before I had time to blink a stainless steel sleeper was pushed through my nipple and closed up. Finally the rivulets of blood were quickly cleaned off my breast and a plaster placed over my mutilated nipple.

I wasn't able to put my bra on again because of the pain and said so. Kate's reply was that she hadn't told me I could get dressed yet and there was one more thing that had to be done. When I realised she wanted to get her name tattooed on my right breast, I finally stood up for myself. I quickly put my clothes on, before running braless out of the salon leaving her to pay the bill for my treatments.

I found that running hurt my punctured nipple, so I'd slowed to walking towards the bus stop by the time Kate caught me up. She was laughing as she told that she had something for me to read and sign at her flat. I already knew that she liked to give her bitches contracts to sign and I was having none of it. I wanted Kate to lick my pussy again but I also wanted to be able to get some cock if I fancied it -- there was no way I was ever going to be exclusive with her. To my surprise Kate said that this would be fine, but she just wanted to clarify a few things to avoid misunderstandings.

When I saw the contract I found out her requirements of me. These were that I was to hand over my worn panties to her at the end of every shift we worked in the kitchen, and if we weren't on the same shift I was to save them for her. The second was that I should keep my pussy hair-free at all times. In addition when we went out together I was never to wear panties at all. Finally I was asked to write in my hard limits in a blank space on the contract, and it was written below that these would always be respected. I wrote in just eight words.

No watersports or scat. No animals. No children.

Then I signed my name.

My reward was to be treated to the best licking out of my life. As Kate sucked on each of my inner labia in turn before putting her tongue to work on every nook and cranny of my snatch, I wondered how on earth I was ever going to be without the bitch again. I felt something huge sliding into my vagina and realised I was being penetrated by the same candle I had used on Kate the previous night. Briefly embarrassed that I was able to take it to the hilt much more easily than she had, I started hollering and was unable to stop myself from moving my hips in time with the thrusts. I didn't care about the pain in my left breast as Kate continued to pump the candle into me long and hard. Finally I climaxed like a rocket making so much noise that the upstairs neighbours banged on the floor, shouting at us to be quiet.

The candle had a leopard skin pattern on it. Once I had returned the favour and given Kate another good fucking with it, we noticed that the print was wearing off. Suddenly concerned at the thought of the dye lingering inside us we headed off for a shower. Before going in I mentioned to Kate that I was just going to the loo and I would join her in a minute.

Her response was to refuse to allow me to close the door and stand waiting as I sat down. I reminded her that I had said no water sports. "OK I hear you", she said "But there's no harm in watching you pee is there? Now shut up and go, you slut!" Realising she wasn't going to give up I urinated with my legs tightly clamped shut so she couldn't see anything, and wiped myself before following her into the shower.

I've had sex in the shower with boyfriends but have never experienced anything like what happened next. Kate slapped my backside to indicate I was to bend over and started chastising me with a loofah, saying that it would tone up my lardy arse. I already had a sore nipple and this extra pain started to irritate me even more, but she just kept on beating me until I begged for mercy then rammed something very hard into me from behind and started pumping it. Realising that she was trying to fuck me with a hairspray can I became afraid the lid might come off and get stuck inside me. I pleaded with her to stop.

Fortunately she saw sense and decided enough was enough. After drying me off, she led me back into the bedroom telling me to stand in front of the full length mirror to have a good look at my newly hairless pussy. Kate found a torch and shone it between my legs as I squatted close to the mirror. As I spread my legs as wide as possible so I could see everything in great detail, I have to admit that I liked the look of my hair free snatch a great deal. When I ran my fingers over the smooth skin of my outer labia, the wicked, sexy and decadent feel just made me want to keep on touching myself. 

As I pulled my inner labia apart, Kate knelt down beside me and directed her light so that I was able to inspect myself in great detail via my reflection in the mirror. As I did so I knew that the pain and embarrassment at the salon had been worth it just to hear her say how beautiful I looked between my legs, and that she planned to lick me out as often as possible.

And I no longer cared what the people at work might say about us. I wanted to be Kate's bitch for always.