 I sat in the sleeper car waiting for my mistress to arrive. I wish my hands had been bound because the temptation to masturbate was becoming overwhelming. Lisa must have been on the train since her luggage was here. I wanted to go and look for her. I wanted to give my leaky pussy attention. I wanted to drop to the floor and worship my mistress. But none of that could happen right now. I could only wait until she decided it was time.

Leaving the station I watched the city give way to the suburbs as we traveled into Northern Illinois. We stopped in a town called Glenview. It was a brief stop to pick up a few passengers. After we were moving again, finally the door to my room opened and Mrs. Forrest, oops, Mistress Lisa, walked in. She was carrying another bag. It looked heavy. She stood in front of the bed and looked down at me. Immediately I assumed the submissive posture she had told me a good slave must always use when in the presence of her superior. I couldn't see her face, but I imagined her smiling.

We sat across from each other on the room's two couches. She had me tell her every juicy detail of the last two weeks. She did not order me to touch myself. I was disappointed. Mistress Lisa, however, seemed pleased with my progress. I asked her who had been watching me on the first leg of my trip. She told me a friend of hers, Judy, had been on the train giving her progress reports. I asked if Judy was still on the train and she said no. I told her how tired I was from not sleeping well the last two nights. She told me not to expect much rest for the next two days, but that I should take a nap now until dinner. Coyly I told her I was much too horny to sleep. I hoped that would inspire her to use me for her pleasure.

"You really are a hot pussied slut, aren't you?" she asked.

"Yes mistress. I'm a hot pussied slut. Your hot pussied slut," I replied.

"That's the difference between you and me," she said. "I'm in control of myself. I could easily go the next two days without sex. You can't make it the next two minutes."

I bowed my head submissively. She was right as always. 

"You need to rest. I have big plans. I guess you'll have to cum first. Take your clothes off."

I jumped off the couch and quick as a flash I stood gloriously naked before her.

"Spread your legs and put your hands behind your head," she commanded.

My pussy was wet and ready and my spread legs insured her easy access. The position of my arms pulled my breasts up. They were standing proudly before her. My nipples, like my pussy, betrayed the level of my excitement. I stood waiting for her. With a single fingertip she casually touched the nipple of my left breast with her well manicured nail. The shock wave raced through my body. I'd been craving her touch since the moment she'd walked out of my dining room on graduation day and now I was getting it.

She slowly ran her fingernail down over my stomach. I knew where it was headed and I was mewing in appreciation. But at the last moment it took a left detour and bypassed my clit. She moved her nail down onto my outer thigh. She could tell I was dripping in need as her tantalizing finger made a loop and headed back up my inner thigh. I was shaking in need as it approached my pussy. Oh please let that be my destination. I knew I could cum easily if only she would let me.

But her finger didn't give me what I wanted. At least not yet. She began making slow lazy circles around my pussy. She'd go just over my clit. Her nail was close enough that my clit would pulse in anticipation of contact only to be let down as it circled just outside my labia. Around my pussy and then back over the edge of my clit. Each time my body tensed in anticipation that this time she was going to rub my clit, push her fingers inside me and make me cum. My mews of pleasure had turned to whimpers of frustration. Of course Mistress Lisa seemed to be enjoying herself and the control she had over me.

"Is there anything you would like to say to me?" she asked.

If my mind had any capacity to think instead of focusing on the feelings between my legs I probably would have confessed to some infraction of the rules in the past 2 weeks. Instead all I could do was break down and beg her to let me climax. Whether that was the answer she was really looking for or not I don't know. I do know she plunged three fingers into my pussy while she rubbed my engorged clit with her thumb.

My body's reaction was instantaneous and predictable. My mistress held her hand still and ordered my to fuck myself on her digits and I came forcefully while standing in the middle of the room. My naked body was on display as we pulled into the next station to anyone who bothered to look in the window. My legs were getting weak as I did a sensuous bump and grind on her hand riding my orgasm for all it was worth. When it was finally over I fell backwards onto my couch. Mistress Lisa had a smug smile of satisfaction on her face. She had me and she knew it.

My mistress pulled a blanket out of the closet and wrapped it around my still convulsing body.

"Sleep now my pet. You need some rest. I'm here to take care of you."

I felt warm and safe as she said those words. I watched as she left the room but soon after I was asleep. My nap was still punctuated by erotic dreams much like last night was, but without the wand working its magic, I didn't wake up climaxing. The fact that my body was exhausted probably had something to do with that too. When I did finally wake the sun was setting. I looked at the clock and it was 8:30. Mistress Lisa was sitting on the other couch reading a book. She looked up when she heard me stir.

"Have a good nap, sleepyhead?" she asked.

"Yes mistress," I replied.

"Good. You should have plenty of energy then. I don't know about you but I am hungry."

"I am too mistress," I said.

"Well you can start with an appetizer," she said smiling.

I watched as she stood up an unzipped her skirt. She wasn't wearing any panties and her pussy looked wet as if she had been playing with herself while I slept. My lust for her touch had not abated since I rode her fingers a few hours ago. I practically leapt out of the bed and was quickly between her powerful thighs. As I serviced her she told me that she had missed me. That she had other women willing to serve her at home, but that I was special. In my mind I was wondering if other women served both her and her daughter, but I said nothing. I remembered one of her rules was slaves were not to speak unless they were first spoken to.

My mistress must have been playing with herself as I slept because she came much quicker than I remembered. I was proud of myself nonetheless as she showered me with her affection. She tasted wonderful. I'd grown to love her taste and I had a warm feeling of satisfaction from having performed satisfactorily. My own pussy was stirring with a need for attention. Now that my mistress was happy, I hoped she would give me more pleasure.

Mistress Lisa announced that it was time to go to dinner. Since the dining car would be closing soon, we'd be having sandwiches in the bar car. I was sure that was part of her plan because she could show me off and humiliate me more standing around a bunch of guys. When she opened her suitcase to reveal a plethora of sex toys and pulled out a remote vibrating egg, I knew my assumption was correct.

First she tested the remote. The egg sprung to life humming quietly, but forcefully. She did allow me to warm it in my mouth. She buzzed it against my teeth briefly so I could feel its power. Then she ordered me to slide it into my pussy. As wet as I was, that was no challenge. Immediately I entreated her with my eyes to "test" the egg again, but I knew she wouldn't. She wanted the first time it turned on inside of me to be in public so she could enjoy my reaction more.

I wondered if she would allow me to wear panties or whether I'd be struggling to keep the egg inside me all night. After rooting around in her suitcase for a moment, she pulled a lacy panty out. Handing it to me I couldn't miss the large bulge in the front about the size of two AA batteries.

"Well you didn't think your pussy was going to have all the fun did you?" she snickered.

I felt the panty begin to vibrate as I slid them up my leg. I looked at my mistress and she was holding a second remote in her hand. Of course she turned the panty off before I positioned the bulge over my clit. I was starting to get the impression this was going to be a long night.

Surprisingly, at least to me, she had me put my jeans and t-shirt back on. The oral sex inspired t-shirt wasn't a surprise, but I figured she would want me in a skirt or at least shorts. Apparently easy access to my nether region wasn't part of her plan. We headed to the bar with me following two steps behind her. With each step I waited for my twin vibrators to turn on, but neither did. 

As I predicted, the bar car was full with men outnumbering women about 2 to 1. As on my leg from Boston, all the women seemed attached. It seemed like only single men were there without companionship. Mistress Lisa took possession of a table as a couple left and dispatched me to the bar to get drinks and a menu. There was not a great selection of food, but it would sustain us. The entire time I was standing at the bar I was tense waiting for the egg or panty to turn on. I kept looking back at my mistress, but she seemed distracted people watching. I imagined she was looking for the best person to humiliate me in front of. Either that or she was sizing up potential hook ups. I returned with our drinks. Following her rules, I didn't say anything.

We ate in silence. Was she testing me to see how long I could go without talking? She dispatched me for a second drink. This time as the bartender, a handsome young man, was passing me the drinks, Mistress Lisa ever so briefly fired up both vibrating toys. I know I jumped and then they were off. The bartender didn't seem to notice. I guess the motion of the train makes people do funny things. I shot an "I didn't appreciate that" look at my mistress, but of course she was laughing. And of course I really did appreciate what she did and she knew it.

We left the bar and took our drinks upstairs to the observation car. It was already pretty empty as the sun was setting. In fact there were only other girls sitting upstairs. We took a seat in the row behind them and across the aisle. As soon as we sat down the egg and panty sprung to life.

My mistress would allow me a few minutes of pleasure before turning off the toys. She was completely in tune with my arousal. I knew her intention was to tease me, probably to the most opportune moment for me to humiliate myself by cumming in public. And I loved her for it.

Every once in a while some guys would come up stairs. They'd try to hit on the college girls (both were wearing University of Wisconsin clothing) but soon they'd be shot down and walk back to the bar. Interestingly none of them gave us a second look. I knew we both looked hot, but I guess the guys thought they stood a better chance with the youngsters.

I was seriously hot and bothered. Of the two girls sitting in front of us one kept her attention forward and out the windows. The other was sitting along the glass and she kept looking over her shoulder at Lisa and me. The more she looked, the hornier I got. I knew I was shaking slightly every time Lisa turned on the vibrators but I didn't think the girl could tell. The fact that she was a college student made my lust boil. I began to fantasize that this girl knew what was going on. 

This went on for about 15 minutes. Lisa would turn on the toys and the other girl would turn to look at me. Her eyes were boring hole into my soul. She couldn't possibly know what was happening, unless of course Mistress Lisa had clued her in, but how? We had not been separated and we never talked to these girls. I suppose Mistress Lisa could have met her while I was taking my nap, but that seemed like a long shot.

I watched as the other girl got up and walked downstairs. I guess she needed another drink or needed the bathroom. Mistress Lisa turned both toys on high and then loudly announced she was going to get us more drinks. As she stood and started to move toward the stairs I expected the toys to turn off, but they didn't. "My God," I thought. "She's going to make me cum in front of this girl."

I must have let out a tiny moan at the realization as the girl now shifted in her seat so her back was resting on the window and she could look straight at me. She introduced herself as Cathy. I said my name was Tammy. I tried to carry on a conversation with her. She was 20 years old and going to UW Madison. Her friend was 19 and downstairs trying to find a guy to buy drinks for them. I told her my friend would be happy to buy drinks assuming Mistress Lisa would love to get a pair of coeds drunk and take advantage of them. Cathy told me they were going hiking in Glacier National Park and that they were meeting a group of their friends from school.

My lust was getting higher and I knew my orgasm was about to peak. Although I wanted to cum I was also hoping Mistress Lisa would come back and spare me the embarrassment of doing so in front of this innocent young thing. I fought back the urge to cum as long as I could and then I tried to cum without moving a muscle. I know I closed my eyes for at least 10 seconds. I don't know if Cathy could hear me over the din of the train. The assumption and resulting humiliation that she knew I'd just cum fueled my very satisfying climax. And then the vibrations stopped. I opened my eyes to see Lisa holding two more glasses of wine. She was smiling. Cathy's friend had returned also holding two beers. As she sat down Cathy returned to facing forward and not a word was spoken between our two groups.

I was silently panting sitting in a pool of my own juices as my mistress handed me the wine glass. She knew what had just happened. I'm sure it was part of her master plan. Mistress Lisa sat back down next to me. I introduced her to Cathy and Cathy introduced us to her friend, Jeannie. We talked for a while about nothing in particular. Every so often Mistress Lisa would give me a jolt from the toys hiding in my jeans. Usually it was when I was saying something to maximize my embarrassment. I knew Cathy had watched me cum and pretty much assumed she knew why. Jeannie seemed oblivious to the subtext of what was going on. I wondered how long it would be before Mistress Lisa forced me to cum again in front of them.

Before too long, Jeannie had drained her beer and began to stand. She was a bit wobbly, but that didn't deter her from staggering to the stairs in pursuit of another drink. As she stood I felt the familiar buzz begin again. As I expected, this time it didn't stop after 30 seconds or a minute which had been Mistress Lisa's pattern. I let out an audible sigh as I realized she was going to force me to further degrade myself in front of this coed.

Once again Cathy turned to watch as it was obvious from my facial contortions and low volume moans and whimpers that I was going to repeat my earlier performance for her. I didn't look at Lisa but I am sure she was smiling triumphantly. I did look at Cathy. Once again she was staring directly at me intently watching my every move. I did my best. I really did my best to hold back. Maybe if I could make it until Jeannie reappeared my mistress would have mercy on me. That is what I told myself. I didn't really believe it, however. When Mistress Lisa hit my arm with her elbow and told me to knock off trying to hide what a slut I am, the dam burst.

I exhaled like a snorkeler returning to the surface and let out a loud moan. I buried my head in my hands against the seat back in front of me and lost all control of my body. I'm sure Cathy would have like to see my face at that moment and I'm sure Mistress Lisa wanted me to show off, but I couldn't. My body was shaking and I needed all the support from the seat I could get. To nobody in particular I yelled "God yessssss. Fuck me."

My head was rocking back and forth and my butt was bouncing on the chair. I was so tired of trying to hide my arousal that when the order came to "be myself" my body's natural instinct took over. I didn't care that a stranger was watching me. My body needed its release and if this is what it was going to take, then so be it.

When I finally looked up, I'm sure I looked haggard. Cathy was clapping. "That was incredible," she said. I started to open my mouth to speak, but Lisa answered for me.

"My slut really needs to learn more self control. She's always begging me to be allowed to cum. It really is quite embarrassing."

She was embarrassed? That was a laugh. I was the one who should be embarrassed by her continued pleasure in making me squirm and climax in public. But for some reason, my humiliation at having two orgasms in front of Cathy was tempered by my mistress talking about my lack of control so openly. It was if since I didn't have any say about what was happening to me I didn't have any responsibility either. It was just like Julie had said during her presentation which started me on this path of submission. I sat back and listened as Mistress Lisa explained to Cathy our relationship.

I wasn't surprised when Lisa invited Cathy back to our room so I could "service her properly." I was a little surprised when Cathy said Jeannie wouldn't understand and that she couldn't leave her. That sounded like a lame excuse to me. Cathy did say she would like to see me cum again and asked Mistress Lisa if she would allow that. I was sure I was about to feel the insistent vibrations of the remote controlled toys in my pussy and on my clit. Fortunately Jeannie began clanking up the stairs, two more beers in hand. I thought that meant sanctuary. It did not. As she passed us I felt the vibes turn on. Jeannie sat next to Cathy and handed her a beer. She refused, but Jeannie didn't seem to mind. She was clearly pretty drunk already. I don't think she even noticed Cathy continuing to stare at me.

Once again I had to try and hide my true emotions. Both Cathy and Lisa knew what was happening and seemed to take pride that I was trying to hide from Jeannie. Both women could tell I wouldn't last too long this time. Lisa excused herself to go downstairs again. I guess she didn't want to be around if Jeannie figured out what was going on and freaked out. Cathy was still staring. I turned in my seat to better face her. I decided that if she was going to watch, I was really going to give her a show. That and the fact that my nipples were rock hard and demanding attention gave me the courage to lift my shirt and show her my tits. 

She smiled at my new found exhibition and I saw her lick her lips as I began to squeeze and tug on my nipples. The new sensation quickly pushed me to the brink. I looked at Cathy with pleading eyes. I knew Lisa's intention was to have me cum again, but my body had been conditioned to wait for permission. I mouthed the word "please" to Cathy. She nodded. She understood. She mouthed back "cum for me slut." I did.

The strength and duration of my orgasms was building with each successive climax. For this I was grateful. Once again I humiliated myself in front of this young girl as I lost control of my body and shamefully came in front of her. I'm sure I was giving her a thrill too. This time I had cum before Mistress Lisa came back so the vibrators didn't stop. My clit was already so tender that the vibrations became very uncomfortable. I prayed my mistress would return soon and give me some relief.

Fortunately she did come back. Unfortunately my relief was not first on her agenda. She was carrying two bottles of beer which she delivered to Cathy and Jeannie. I don't think any words were said, but I did notice a small slip of paper being passed to Cathy. The girls thanked her for the drinks and she sat back down next to me. Again I gave a pleading look, although this time it was relief of a different kind. Lisa nodded and the vibrations stopped.
