 The video from the SD card began to play on my monitor. The playback is a bit disjointed because of the way the camera records. When the motion detector is tripped, the camera begins to record for two minutes. There is a time stamp in the corner of the screen. I could tell I was restless when I first fell asleep. The camera frequently recorded me tossing and turning under the covers for about half an hour. I was then still for a couple of hours and then the fireworks happened. It started simple. The camera turned back on and I could see my blanket moving as my hand apparently began working its magic over my pussy. I was glad I'd paid a little extra for the surveillance camera that also recorded sound because I could hear my breathing began to get heavy and then I could hear myself begin to moan.

I wasn't surprised to watch myself reach for the vibrator or even that I had a noisy cum. I expected that. I did have two surprises. First was that my dreams were not contiguous. By that I mean after I came the first time, the camera clicked off for another hour before I masturbated again. All told I had four erotic sessions in the seven hours I was asleep. The second surprise was that at one point I was actually yelling out Penny's and Betty's names begging them to fuck me. It was like I was sleep walking except I was having sex. I didn't stay lying on my back either. I was very active twisting and contorting myself into different positions. I even begged to be fucked up the ass and I managed to DP myself with my dildo and vibrator. Since I had not left any lube on the nightstand I had fucked my pussy with the dildo to grease it up and then shoved it forcibly up my own butt. No wonder I was sore. I made a mental note to leave lube out tonight just in case. 

I'd never read in any psyche journal about this kind of behavior. It was scary and exciting at the same time. And speaking of exciting, I'm sure you guessed by now that by the time the video ended with me stirring and getting up in the morning, my hand was once again on my clit. It was now two days until class started and I didn't know how I was going to face my first group of students.

All day Saturday I switched between my final class preparation, checking my email for a message from my mistress and masturbating. I was actually a little scared about repeating such a dream as I had last night so I figured if I'd cum enough during the day, I'd sleep the night through. Whether that was the reason or whether it was just coincidence, I didn't dream that night. I checked the camera again in the morning and I did toss and turn a bit, but nothing out of the ordinary. Maybe cumming all day wasn't such a bad idea I chuckled to myself.

Strictly for scientific purposes, I frequently masturbated on Sunday too. There had to be a valid educational reason and not that I was turning into a cum slut I kept telling myself. Monday finally dawned and after a shower and breakfast I got dressed and headed to class. It wasn't until I looked at myself in the faculty bathroom that I realized I had dressed exactly as I saw myself in my dream. Again my fantasies and reality were starting to blur.

I was shaking a bit when my students first filed in. I looked them over. I knew a couple from years past but mostly they were new faces. Any one of them could be Penny. I shook my head trying to clear that thought. As usual everyone sat toward the back of the lecture hall with a couple in the second row. Just as I was about to begin, a young girl, nineteen at most, sashayed in and sat down right in the center of the front row. She pulled out a notebook, opened it and crossed her legs. I quickly scanned the class roster. If her name was Penny I think I would have lost it. 

Well there were no Penny's, no Betty's and as usual, no freshmen. I took a role call and the girl answered to Sheila. She was a sophomore. The girl did nothing like the girl in my dreams. She sat there attentively and only recrossed her legs once. I was a bit distracted, but only because I was wondering why I wasn't more distracted. Finally I accepted her sitting there was just a coincidence and my dream had not been a premonition of what was to come. After the class I sat down at my desk as the students filed out. My eyes were riveted to the girl. I kept expecting her to drop a note on my desk with some inappropriate command, but she didn't. I'd survived my first class.

My second class wasn't until the afternoon. I sailed through it. Nobody sat in the front row and my mind finally began to relax and get back to normal. That night I dreamed again, only this time I dreamed specifically of the girl from my first class. Penny no longer was my antagonist. Sheila was. Apart from the name change, not much changed as far as what I dreamed about. I ate Sheila's pussy. She spanked me for it. She berated me. She abused my tits. She fucked my ass and she made me do everything in front of my class. I woke again drenched in sweat, but I was running late so I didn't have time to watch the video. I just had enough time to shower, make a cup on instant coffee and get to class on time. Of course I didn't dress nearly as professionally the second day. In fact, by comparison, I'm sure I looked like I'd had a wild night, which in a way I had.

Once again Sheila did nothing inappropriate except sit in the front row. Although she didn't know it, I was secretly lusting after her during the entire class. I don't think I made any strange lecture mistakes because of it. If I did, I didn't realize it like I did in my dreams. I guess that part of my dream wasn't coming true either. My fascination with this young girl continued although she never showed the least inkling to want to see me outside of class. Even when she came to my office after class to ask some questions, she was 100% on topic. My panties were soaked, but if she had any attraction to me she hid it well. I made a couple of probing comments to see if she was receptive, but they appeared to go over her head. Eventually I just gave up and helped counsel her about the class. I continued to dream about her, however, and wondered how in the world I was going to seduce her.

My dream life became sporadic. Some nights, if I was especially horny for example, I still dreamed of submitting to a group of girls. It wasn't always in my classroom, however. I dreamed of being attacked in the girls' locker room by the volleyball team. Then I dreamed of being a faculty chaperone for the track team at an away meet and being forced to service them at the hotel. Other nights I slept straight through the night or at least if I dreamed I didn't remember it and didn't wake up wet.

After a couple of weeks I was getting desperate for female companionship and planned to head to Boston for the weekend. I had not had good luck at the local lesbian bars finding what I craved so I checked the airline and train schedules to see if either Susan from Amtrak or the gorgeous flight attendant I had lusted over were likely to be returning to town. The thought struck me that I was acting like a stalker, but I didn't care. There was no way for me to know which flight the attendant might be on, but the Amtrak return train where Susan should be was arriving late in the afternoon. I knew she had at least an inkling to be receptive to my advances so I figured maybe I would go to the station and see if I could find her. Then I got a call that changed the course of my life. It was from the Dean of Students. She wanted to see me about something one of my students had said.

My mouth hit the floor when I heard the words. Let me tell you, getting called to the Dean's office isn't any better for a teacher than it is for a student. I was requested to meet the Dean at 4pm. So much for meeting the 5:30 train in Boston. I fretted over the meeting all day. Which student could have possibly complained? I'm very careful not to show favoritism and besides, it was the beginning of the semester. I had not even graded any of their work.

At 3:50pm I arrived at the office. The Dean's door was closed and the admin assistant told me to take a seat. I sat nervously on the edge of the chair. A few minutes later the door opened and Sheila walked out. She glanced at me and kept walking. The Dean called me in. I took a deep breath, stood up and walked through the door to face the music. Sheila must have complained about my fumbled attempt to seduce her. I sat down in front of the Dean's desk. Our Dean of Students is in her fifties. She has gray hair and looks very stern. At least she looked stern to me. She has been on campus for over 30 years starting as a teacher and then rising through the ranks of the administration. She knows everything that happens on campus. I had a feeling I was done for. But I was wrong.

Although she looked stern, I guess I was just projecting what I was feeling because the Dean was actual warm and friendly. Apparently Sheila had not filed a complaint against me but instead had been talking about her sorority needing a new faculty advisor. The Dean thought I would be good in that role. Having never been in a sorority myself, I never considered advising one before, but the Dean explained the previous advisor, Miss Langston, had abruptly quit at the end of last semester and they wanted someone to be in place before pledging started next week. I had heard through the grapevine that Miss Langston had actually had an affair with one of her students. I thought it was just an ugly rumor, but the Dean confirmed that it was true and that Miss Langston had actually moved to Florida to be with the girl. The Dean didn't want to talk about it. Instead she steered the conversation back to the job she was offering me.

"The advisor role is pretty easy," the Dean explained. "You meet with the girls every couple of weeks and just keep an eye on them. You will need to be there more during pledging to make sure nobody is being hazed and during hell week (the last week of pledging) you'll have to be with them a lot. After that, things die down but you need to be there enough to make sure the college rules are being followed."

She also explained that the advisor gets a stipend. It wasn't much, but a little extra money would come in handy. I asked which sorority and she told me Sigma Epsilon Xi. Immediately I recognized that as Julie and Heather's sorority. 

"Sheila from your class recommended you for the job. She said several of her sisters raved about you last year and that was why she took your class. She said you have been very helpful and accessible after class and she thinks you would make a great advisor. She's the vice-president of the sorority. That's a lot of responsibility for a sophomore," the Dean continued.

"I'm not sure about this," I opined.

"Look Tammy," the Dean said. "I'm in a bit of a bind. I totally forgot they were without an advisor and we need to get somebody in there quickly before pledging starts. I trust you. Some advisors never show up and let the girls get away with murder. I know you will not be like that. I know you care."

I can tell you this. My pussy cared. I also knew that just after I had made my clumsy attempt to seduce Sheila I was suddenly offered an advisor's role for her sorority. That meant working closely with the house leadership which I now find out includes Sheila. This couldn't be a coincidence.

"Can I count on you Tammy?"

I told the Dean she could. She gave me a wide smile and told me I had pleased her. I looked back at her someone confused. She'd just used a phrase my mistress used whenever I did something particularly submissive. Sheila certainly could know of my actions with Julie and Heather. Heck, I'm sure I had a reputation in their house and now I was suddenly chosen as their advisor? I was creamy with naughty thoughts of becoming the house play toy. Of course, that would also ruin my career. Miss Langston chose a student over her career. Would I be next?

The Dean gave me the phone number of the sorority president to and told me to arrange a meeting. I didn't even wait until I got back to my office. I was dialing her number from my cell as soon as I was in the hallway. Her name was Taylor. She picked up the call like she was expecting me. She seemed pleasant enough. I guess you have to be somewhat of a politician to be voted president of your house. I offered to come right over but she said she was busy and asked if I could come tomorrow around noon. Doing so would mean I'd have to hustle over between classes, but I agreed anyway. I suppose I could have asked her to come to my office, but the thought never occurred to me. She told me when she was available and I consented to her timetable. That night as I got ready for bed I wondered if I would dream about Sheila and her sorority. I did.

The next morning I crawled out of bed sexually exhausted like so many other recent mornings. I'd learned to set my alarm half an hour earlier so I'd have more time to make myself presentable. I also dressed in my suit and stockings. If I was going to meet with Taylor, I wanted to at least start out professional. Sheila was in her typical spot and I was my usual distracted self, although she did nothing but listen to my lecture and take notes.

After my first class I retreated to my office to wait until it was time to meet with Taylor. I'd like to tell you that I was focused on my class work or at least on what I could offer the sorority as an advisor, but I wasn't. I was focused on the growing need between my legs and my hope that Taylor intended to satisfy it. It seemed like my panties were always wet these days and now was no different. My office began to smell of arousal. I knew I had to get out of there. If any of my students stopped by I would be totally embarrassed. It was 11:30 and although I didn't want to seem too eager, I went to my meeting with Taylor early.

I arrived at the house and knocked on the door. I didn't know what the protocol was for just walking in so I figured I would wait until the door was opened for me. It took about a minute, although it seemed longer before a bubbly blonde opened the door. I introduced myself and said I had a meeting with Taylor. She told me to come in and "not stand of formalities," explaining I could just walk in next time. She told me she would find Taylor and that I should wait in the foyer.

The last time I was in that foyer I was collared and had just been used by six members of the house. I remember crawling to the door praying nobody else would see me. This time I had the opportunity to look around. On the wall were framed pictures of each year's members. As I looked at the pictures I realized none of the members were bad looking. Most of the girls were stunning. Obviously looks was a prerequisite to membership. I looked to find Julie and Heather's pictures. They were as beautiful as I remembered and seeing them brought back a flood of memories of my initial submission.

Just then there was a loud knock at the door. I paused wondering if I should answer, but before I could move or anyone else arrived to greet the guest, the door opened and an amazing looking redhead walked in. She looked like a freshman, hardly over 18, built like an athlete and with the face of a model. I was rooted to the floor looking at her. She closed the door, set down her book bag and then in a loud and proud voice shouted.

"Humble pledge Sarah the Lioness requests permission to enter the Sigma Epsilon Xi sorority house!"

The girl then stood silently. I continued to look at her. I understood her nickname of "lioness." As soon as she said that I made the connection of her long hair flowing around her head framing her perfectly and looking like a lion's mane. The girl looked at me but didn't say a word or move from her position. Finally I head a shout from the other room. "You may enter."

Sarah relaxed and seemed to start breathing again. She picked up her book bag and then introduced herself. I told her I liked her nickname. She smiled and walked past me into the living room. I watched her incredibly firm backside as she walked away. I could tell she was strong. I wondered if she was into women. As I was daydreaming Taylor approached from the other hallway and tapped me on the shoulder breaking my trance.

"You must be Ms. McShae. I'm Taylor. Nice to meet you," she said extending her delicate hand.

I had looked at her picture on the wall but it did not do her justice. She was achingly beautiful. I say achingly because immediately upon seeing her, my pussy began to ache. I raised my hand to shake hers and I tried to speak coherently, but I'm sure I stammered and mumbled my greeting.

"Let's go into the chapter room and discuss your plans for us," she said. 

I had to follow her through the house. We retraced the route I had crawled as we worked toward the back steps. Instead of going upstairs however, I was led to the basement where the party had happened. I eyes were focused on her ass swaying slowly side to side. I felt like a lamb being lead to slaughter. I fantasized about the basement really being a dungeon where I would be taken prisoner by this goddess and never released. Alas, the basement seemed normal. We passed a mechanicals room, a laundry room, a door that looked like a storeroom and finally ended up in a large finished room. There was an impressive looking bar with about 10 stools around it, a lights and sound system to rival a club, leather couches around the perimeter, a wood dance floor in the center and a long folding table currently setup with folding rows of folding chairs where apparently the sorority held their meetings.

I had a feeling Taylor would sit at the table relegating me to one of the folding chairs. This would have asserted her dominance over me from the beginning. But she didn't. Instead she directed me to one of the couches where we sat angling toward each other. This was definitely a more relaxed position than I expected. Taylor was very friendly and disarming. She was not at all the snooty uptight bitch I had been expecting. In fact, her conversation was far more respectful of me than I dreamed possible. She was, in fact, giving me the authority a member of the faculty should have in an advisory role. I was taken aback by her attitude. Especially since their last advisor had run off with a student I had been fully expecting her to be far less positive about having someone from the faculty monitoring their activities.

Taylor knew I didn't have a lot of time before I had to get back to my class so we tried to cover a wide range of topics very quickly. My mind was still drinking in her beauty, but I tried to remain focused on what I understood my advisor roll to entail. I asked about Sarah and how she had to yell and ask permission when entering the house. Taylor told me that was so all the sisters knew a pledge had arrived. She explained it had always been that way and the college never had a problem with it. I told her I knew pledges had to endure some less than pleasant activities, but I didn't think that one went over the line. Taylor winked and told me sometime they did go a little far, but it was all in good fun. I made it clear that I intended to enforce the policy against hazing and she told me not to worry. I told he I thought pledging didn't start for another week. She said formally it didn't but Sarah and a few other girls who were determined to get into the house had gotten a jump start. She had a twinkle in her eye leaving me to wonder just what Sarah was doing to earn her way into the sorority.

We talked for about half an hour. My arousal never diminished. Even though our conversation was in no way sexual, I couldn't help but be in awe of her beauty and continually thinking about dropping to my knees in front of her. I had lost track of time and it was Taylor who reminded me that I had to get back to my next class. She told me on Friday was the start of hell week for the pledges and that I should attend. I told her I would and then followed her back out to the front door. Again I was concentrating on her ass as we walked through the house. I could feel the moisture dripping down my thighs as I slid into the bucket seat in my car. I was going to have to do something about my pussy, but right then I had to teach another class.
