 I slumped back in the seat defeated. At Heather's insistence I spread my legs and arms like I had during my first ride. I was too worn out to resist. We got back on the highway and headed west. I didn't bother trying to track where we were going. It didn't matter anyway, I decided. I just shut my eyes and tried to rest. These girls obviously had additional plans for me and I was going to need all the energy I could muster.

I think I dozed off for a few minutes, but I woke with a start when we hit a speed bump. I quickly looked around and was dismayed to find that I knew exactly where we were. We were on sorority row at Mount Holyoke. All of the hard work I had put into my career was about to go up in smoke and I was powerless to stop it. A feeling of dread washed over me.

"Please Julie," I whined. "Not here."

"Don't worry pet," she responded. "No harm is going to come to you. The sisters know how to be discrete."

The sisters? Oh my God. We were going to her sorority. I should have realized that when I saw where we were, but I guess I was hoping we were just driving through to some other destination. We were not. Julie pulled into her sorority house's parking lot. From the sound of it, a party was going on. She had said lots of guys were going to be involved in our plans. I'd hoped that meant the truckers at the strip club. Now I was sure I was going to be passed around some frat boys from one of the other area colleges. My legs were like jelly getting out of the car. I didn't want to go in and my body was reflexively making it difficult for them.

Julie and Heather each took one of my arms and marched me in through the back door. I could hear loud music coming from the basement. I prayed that was not where they would lead me and thankfully they didn't. Instead I was directed up the stairwell. As luck would have it, we didn't meet anybody as we passed the second floor and ascended to the third. I was ushered into a private bedroom. From what I could tell, nobody except Julie and Heather knew I was here. That was of small comfort and would not be the case for long.

Heather left while Julie stripped me and then retrieved leather wrist and ankle cuffs from a desk drawer. I was shivering as I passively stood by and let her attach the cuffs. When she was done she stuck a probing finger into my pussy. Despite my apprehension, I was still wet, a fact that both pleased her and confirmed my need to follow her orders.

"Let me explain what is about to happen," she began. "Heather and I pledged our sorority at the same time. We were part of a group of six girls who formed one of the pledge teams. We grew to be close, very close, during hell week. In fact we've all been lovers ever since. As fate would have it, Heather and I found out we had dominant traits and the other four girls leaned more submissive, although not to the extend you are."

I listened to her wondering how she knew so much about what I was feeling in my core. Before yesterday I had never admitted to myself that I even had any bottom tendencies.

"Since we're all graduating, I wanted to give them a little treat for the years of service they have given Heather and me. You are that treat. I expect you to serve them all the way you serve Heather and me. I wouldn't worry about your precious reputation. All the girls are leaving next week and since they managed to keep their own reputations intact for four year of pussy eating, I think they'll manage one more week."

Julie's confidence didn't really assuage my fears, but I didn't have much time to worry about it. The door opened and Heather returned with a couple of other girls in tow. Both were pretty. I guess that was a prerequisite to joining this sorority. One I didn't recognize. One was in my philosophy class.

"Professor M, is that you?" Kelly, the girl I knew asked.

I couldn't answer her. I could only look at the floor. I felt a hand swat my butt.

"You were asked a question," I heard Julie say emphatically.

I paused trying to regain my composure. Finally I spoke. "Yes Kelly. It is me."

"Wow," she replied. "I always fantasized about you in class. I think you're hot. I can't believe we're going to fuck."

Hearing her describe me as hot was good for my psyche and I was able to raise my eyes. I found both her and the other girl I didn't know devouring me with their gaze. I started to feel a little better about the whole situation as two other girls walked through the door. One was a brunette, Sandy, who I had in the interdisciplinary program. Although I'd counseled her throughout the semester I never would have guessed she was into girls. The fourth girl was a cute blonde I'd never seen on campus. I stood nervously in front of them. I was the only one who was naked. I didn't know what to do so I waited for Julie to take charge.

"Professor, these are my pussy pleasers," she began. The girls all giggled at their nickname. Apparently they didn't know what was going to happen either. "Girls, the good professor has agreed she needed to expand her sexual horizons. At my urging, she has consented to be my graduation present to you all. You have been so loyal to Heather and me that we wanted to give you something back. So, for tonight, she is all yours. Whatever you want, she will provide. Isn't that right, Professor?"

Once again I felt shame and I lowered my eyes. "Yes, mam," I replied.

I sensed someone walking up to me. When I raised my eyes again I saw that it was Kelly. She gently took my face in her hands and gave me a very gentle, yet passionate kiss. While she did that, another one of the girls moved behind us and gave me a hug wrapping her arms around both of us. Maybe this wasn't going to be so bad, I remember thinking. When Kelly finally broke her kiss and stepped back, I knew my juices were flowing again. She had been so tender I remember thinking I was going to enjoy pleasing her. She stepped back and the brunette took her place. She had already shed her clothes and was not nearly so gentle. She grabbed my wrists and tugged me to the floor. Her pussy was already moist and inviting. I took the invitation and dove in. She held my head tightly. This was apparently for her need not mine. I wasn't going anywhere.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw the other girls shedding their clothes. As the brunette pulled my head back to give me some air, I saw Kelly now passionately making out with one of the other girls I didn't know. Back to the brunette's pussy I went. I sucked, licked and nibbled her pussy and clit until finally she came on my face. Her response was to push me away. I thought it strange that she had spent four years serving Julie. She definitely seemed the dominant type. What I was quickly to learn was all the girls were taking advantage of their new found power. In the pecking order of the sorority, they were beneath Julie and Heather, but for the next few hours, I was going to take orders from them and they were going to enjoy their new found power.

The next girl pulled me over her lap and gave me a spanking. It wasn't playful. It was hard, painful and caused me to cry. I quickly learned at each of the girls used me to take revenge on the activities they disliked most that Julie and Heather did to them. Kelly strapped a dildo on my chin and rode my face until she christened me with her fluids. Apparently Heather loved doing that to her but she hated it because she never got to cum. The fourth girl had me rim her ass. She didn't get off but I could tell my submission to her aroused her. Julie and Heather were standing back enjoying the show as each of the girls took several turns with me. I got a new appreciation for the depth of depravity Julie and Heather put these girls through as they took turns spanking me, fucking me with various dildos, giving me a golden shower, taking turns having me eat their pussies and asses and generally teasing me but not letting me cum.

I was a sweaty mess of aroused flesh when Heather finally stood up and started taking her clothes off. I wondered if she was going to select one of her pleasers or if she had another indignity for me. As it turned out she was ready to give me something she had promised earlier. I'd already been fucked by each of the girls so I wasn't surprised when Heather began slipping on a strap-on. Each of them had my pussy in a different position. I'd been fucked missionary, doggie, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl and once where my body was inverted and my legs were suspended using the cuffs above my head. That one had been a challenge as the blood rushed to my head. I almost passed out before the brunette took pity on me and pulled out. What would Heather require, I wondered.

She snapped her fingers and two of the girls pulled me onto my knees in a doggie position. I'd always liked doggie so this was good with me. What I had forgotten was Heather's promise to take my ass tonight. Had I remembered that I probably would not have wiggled my butt at her. Kelly produced a tube of KY and smothered it along my backside. Instantly I began to resist, but unlike her sweet exterior, Kelly's quick spank told me to be still. She used a couple of fingers to spread the lube and told me to relax. She started to push her fingers into my ass.

"Push back like you're taking a shit," she told me. I strained like she said and surprisingly when I relaxed my ass sucked her fingers right in. She wiggled them around getting me accustomed to the invasion. I then felt her remove her fingers and felt an enormous feeling dildo at my back door. I heard Heather hiss.

"Just relax slut. This isn't even my big strap-on. You can take it. Here we go."

I felt her push. I didn't think there was any way it was going to fit. She was insistent though applying constant pressure until I finally stretched enough to envelop the plastic invader.

"Oh my God," I screamed.

"Shut her up, she'll bring the whole house in on us."

Kelly was quick to appear in front of me sliding her pussy beneath my head. I didn't wait for her to grab my hair. I buried my face into her simmering pussy and howled. Between my screams of pain and did my best to service her. Heather was not going to be denied until she buried the full length of her dildo up my backside. Finally it was in. She paused to let me adjust to the feeling. As I did Kelly urged me to eat her properly. I did and was rewarded with more cool gel being applied to my ass as Heather began to pull her dildo from my rectum. Back in it went. This time was smoother, although it still hurt plenty. The third time it felt better and soon Heather built up a rhythm which started to feel good. She was hitting nerve ending I never knew existed. My new found pleasure must have improved my pussy eating skills as Kelly soon came on my tongue. She rolled out and another pussy took her place. As so it went. I had to give all five girls orgasms before Heather finally popped out of my ass for good. Along the way I'd come twice as Julie took pity on my and rubbed my clit. I had no idea what time it was but I knew it was late and I prayed they were done with me. The six girls were sitting around recovering. I was on the floor in the center of the room surrounded by them. As usual, it was Julie who spoke.

"So girls, did you enjoy our thank you gift?" she asked the pussy pleasers.

They all responded that they had.

"We're going to take her home unless there is anything else you want?"

I could tell I'd exhausted them. I couldn't believe there was anything we had not done yet. Each of them had cum at least 4 times by my count. They'd all fucked my pussy and after Heather had broken my anal cherry they had all fucked my ass. They even paired off and double penetrated me. I'd eaten their pussies and rimmed their butts. They had all spanked me more than once. I had been bound in various positions and abused verbally. What else could there be?

There was silence. I thought I was finally going to get out of there when Kelly spoke up.

"Before you take her home, I think you should have her do a house perp crawl."

What the heck was that? A house perp crawl?"

In unison every said that was a great idea. Obviously this had been a setup and was planned from the beginning. The house perp crawl, as it was explained to me, happened when a sister broke a house rule and needed to be punished. The term perp walk is used when a criminal is escorted to jail. Although I never had heard about the amount of lesbianism happening on campus, apparently at least in the sororities almost everyone went bi at some time. Naked paddlings and pussy eating were part of hell week. As Julie explained, most of the girls even if they were straight tended to stray from time to time. I was instructed that I would have to crawl back to the car. Any of the sisters who saw me would have the opportunity to give me one command or punishment. They could spank or paddle me, order me to lick their pussy or fuck me with a dildo.

The girls all looked absolutely radiant at the thought. I asked how many girls lived in the house. They told me 35. I shook my head. "I'll never make it," I said.

"Don't worry prof. It's late and even so, usually only the committed les sisters participate. I know how much you crave humiliation and submission. You'll love it."

"But how many of your sisters know me or have taken my class," I asked.

"I'm not sure," Julie said. "Maybe 10 or 12."

I slumped to the floor. Certainly any student who saw me would want to use her privilege. I lay on the floor gently sobbing. Heather tried to reassure me that it would be so bad and that every pledge went through this ritual. Her words didn't really help. I felt the cuffs being removed. It felt good to be free, although it was only temporary. I felt a collar being attached around my neck. I immediately noticed a leash attached to it. I felt a tug and then a spank to get me back on all fours.

"Get her tail," said Julie.

Heather walked back over to the dresser and returned with a thick dildo with a long tail attached to it. It was kind of like a hair extension. I didn't have to think hard about where that was going. After the night my poor ass had endured I was pretty loose back there and it didn't take much effort to bury the dildo in position. Another tug on the leash and we were headed toward the door. 

Much to my dismay my pussy didn't seem to understand that I shouldn't be enjoying this. I could feel the wetness seeping down my inner thighs. My body was reveling this even if my mind was not. Julie stopped at the door. I felt two hands holding my butt and then somebody writing on it with a felt tip pen. I couldn't tell what message I was displaying on my backside, but after they were satisfied Julie tugged the leash again and we went into the hallway.

The stairs down were painful on my hands and knees. Each step had a metal edge to prevent slipping, but it dug into my skin. I struggled to be quiet. I didn't want to draw any attention to myself. My only hope was that it was too late for anyone else to be up.

We made it past the second floor of bedrooms. As we approached the first floor I could hear a movie playing in the living room. Somebody else was up. We reached the back door where we had first entered the house. It was decision time for Julie. She could either take me out to her car where I would be safe from prying eyes or route me through to the front door where I would invariably end up going through the living room. 

So far my humiliation today had been completely at the hands of seniors who would be leaving campus within a week. Julie had promised they could hold their tongue and my secret needs would remain exactly that. Secret. She paused at the back door.

"You've done exceptionally well pet. Your lesson for today is almost over. Now you have choice. We can go through this door and back to your house. Nobody on campus will ever know about what a lezzy slut you are and you can go back to screwing college boys in Boston. Or we can go out the front door. From the sound of it at least one sister is watching a movie. I don't know how many additional people you may have to serve or whether they will be on campus next year or not. I know the six of us made a pact not to pursue you after graduation but I can't say that about whoever is in the living room. The choice is yours. What's it going to be?"

This was a horrible decision. I knew going back to the boys in Boston was out. There was no way I was giving up the freedom I felt submitting to these girls. But if Julie, Heather, Kelly and the others were to believed, my reputation would still be intact in the college community so at least I'd have my job. The hallway was silent. Heather opened the back door and Julie began to step outside. This time I tugged the leash. She looked at me for confirmation and I nodded.

Julie stepped back in and began walking through the dining hall. I crawled behind her. I felt confident and sexy. We rounded the corner toward the living room. My fate was sealed, even if I didn't know exactly what that fate was. The lights were on. There would be no hiding who or what I was. Julie led me into the room. Heather was walking behind us. The TV was on although I didn't recognize the movie. I was concentrating too much on the dildo in my ass and the swish of my tale hitting the backs of thighs.

I saw Julie stop and then move over. And then... And then... nothing. The room was empty. I felt a rush of adrenaline drain from my body. Somebody had left the TV and lights on. Julie tugged the leash and continued the perp crawl to the front of the house. There were a couple of first floor rooms where the lights were on but the doors were closed and they didn't see us. She finally led me out the front door and into the yard. I crawled across the grass and turned to go to the parking lot in back. The entire neighborhood was still. Clearly it was the middle of the night. We made it to the car without being seen and I was placed in the back seat. I was relieved, but somehow disappointed too. We rode back to my house in silence. I wondered if I'd ever see Julie or Heather again.

Back at my house the girls pulled me out into the front yard. They were going to finish the perp crawl. I prayed none of my neighbors were looking, but that this hour I figured the odds were minimal. Just before we reached my front steps Julie spoke."

"Pet, you made an important decision tonight about where you want your life to go. I'm proud of you. You obviously crave submission. I've got one last task for you tonight."

I expected her to have me eat her pussy one last time or have me clean the dildo which had been wedged up my ass for the last half hour. Instead she ordered me to do something much more humiliating. She told be good doggies always pee in the yard before going inside for the night. I looked back at her in horror but I saw she wasn't kidding. I don't know how long I stayed squatted on my front lawn before I finally relaxed enough to piss. I remember thinking the longer I take the more likely I'll get caught by a neighbor. I could see the first faint rays of sunlight on the eastern horizon. I knew some of my neighbors went jogging at dawn and this fact as much as anything else finally allowed me to degrade myself one last time. I could feel my pee spraying against my thighs. While it was happening Heather reached down and began manipulating my clit. I moaned in appreciation and gratitude. I stopped peeing, but she didn't stop fingering me. I begged her to take me inside but instead she took her other hand and began sliding my tail dildo in and out of my ass.

I looked up at Julie for her approval. She could tell I wanted to cum but I suddenly remembered her rule from the beginning of the day to not cum without permission. I was shaking in need as Heather expertly manipulated my body. She was holding me on the edge with knowledge far beyond her years. Lost was my fear of being seen by my neighbors. I had to cum one final time. I heard a garage door open and looked up at Julie pleading with my eyes. She just smiled and nodded. 
