 A girl asked me to kiss her once. She was in her forties and had red hair the color of summer strawberries and wide hips that bespoke of goddesses past. 

I asked her into the ladies room stall at the local bar and put my lips upon hers; she flinched just a bit but kissed me back. I had pulled her inside the dingy and metal stall to prove to her that I would do it, yet all I felt were teeth against mine. 

It was akin to making out with a mannequin; the tongue absent, the sweet saliva that is usually present during a passionate encounter was nothing but a vacant lot. 

I had no emotion except that of complete disgust. I looked at her for a moment, her green eyes flaming just a bit. I turned from her and opened the painted and scratched door; letting it creak behind me, ensuring the noise of my stilettos echoed in her ears. Never again.

I am married with three children, all of whom I love more than anything but my husband is another story. Eighteen years have whispered throughout our windy sails of marriage. 

I find him completely lovely yet completely disgusting. His qualities have become something of contempt...his eating, sleeping, and grooming habits are not in my realm of satisfaction. 

The quality of my marriage has been eating at my soul for more years than I can say, yet I love my children. How can I let my husband, no matter how distasteful I find him, slip away into an abyss of divorce that would destroy those three human beings that I hold so close? I can't and won't. 

Yet I yearn for a woman's touch, a soft one that isn't demanding with every finger inserted or a rough tongue being forced between my lips.

I went home after the encounter with my red-haired friend thoroughly perplexed. What human being who wants to kiss another not possess passion, expectancy, or at least some sort of excitement in the venture? 

I slightly put the thought out of my mind while I peeled off my black lace panties and bra and pulled a rugged white t-shirt over my head, slipping under the sheet next to my sleeping husband. I felt his tired hand crawl towards my breast, cupping it in a hold that was natural and familiar. 

Sliding my hand to envelop his penis, I grasp it and softly move my hand up and over, hoping to engage and awaken him to ease my throbbing womanhood. 

"D, please, I need you inside me, sweetie." I said as I gently massaged his balls. Diego murmured under his breath with something that sounded like a very slurred, "Erraaauuhh." 

I kept massaging his manhood, hoping that it would entice him to become erect and let me ride him. My husband reluctantly embraced my hips and pulled me on top of him and kissed me while pulling his underwear off. 

Our lovemaking was short but satisfying as I was able to use my finger to get myself off, which was the usual and par for the course.

I had to lick his balls while he jacked himself off, something I don't mind but there was nothing sweet and tender about our sex. It was normal and staid.

I saw my lovely but cold red-haired friend at a birthday party for a mutual acquaintance the next week. She mentioned nothing of our encounter, and I was glad for it as I wanted to forget the interlude and pretend it never happened. 

Apparently she felt the same; we ordered dinner and gossiped as if nothing had ever happened. 

Her sister, on the other hand, was someone I did not expect. 

Cassie was tall with legs a mile high, her smile infectious and her laughter lit up the tiny but boisterous restaurant. 

While I tried to focus on my Spider Roll and talk to Johnny about the gifts his children gave him earlier in the day, I couldn't take my mind away from Cassie's sumptuous lips. 

The way she delicately placed small pieces of succulent fish into her mouth, smiling at jokes all the while, the chopsticks placed between her long and elegant fingers; magnificent. 

As her sister chattered on about high school antics, I ordered a round of sake for the celebration, hoping to relieve my mind of naughty thoughts about the tall, vivacious and red-headed Cassie. 

"Cheers, Johnny! May your birthday be fantastic and your year filled with lovely memories of family and friends!" We raised a toast to Johnny and drank. 

I tried not to stare at Cassie as she talked to the others but the strawberry chap stick she applied throughout the evening had brightened and highlighted the edges of her silky lips. It was pure loveliness. 

I excused myself to the ladies room for a breather. My heels clicked along the tile towards the restroom when I heard a voice from behind. 

"Hey, Adrienne, wait up! I have to go too!" Cassie was hurrying to catch up, her stilettos creating the same tempo as my own black heels.

I turned and smiled softly, waiting for Cassie. Her lithe frame ran towards me, while she laughed and breathily said, "Thanks!" 

Her fair skin was flushed from alcohol and it was hard not to think about that strawberry lip gloss that lined her plump mouth. 

"No problem. A bathroom buddy is a good thing to have." 

Cassie followed me into the ladies room and turned the lock. I stood looking at her and realized I should do something besides stare at her. I hurried to the stall and did my business. Cassie started talking.

"I think I drank too much but I'm having so much fun. I haven't seen those guys in forever!" 

I finished my business and pulled up my panties, flushing the toilet after I straightened my skirt. Exiting the stall, I noticed Cassie putting more gloss on her lips and was curious as to what they tasted like...her lips. 

She smiled after putting the gloss in her purse and said a quick, "Thanks! I'm about to burst!" 

I sat my purse on the bathroom counter and listened to her pee while I washed my hands.

I added lipstick to my already red lips and plumped my hair, waiting for her to finish. It would be bad manners to leave without her. 

"I hate going to the bathroom alone. I appreciate it." Cassie mentioned while leaving the stall.

She smiled at me and washed her hands, yet her gaze lingered on my own. 

My heart jumped a bit and I stared down into my purse, hoping to say something that I could not and would not mention.

"Well, let's get back to the celebration, shall we?" Cassie brightly said and we both left the bathroom, making our way back to our friends.

The party seemed to go on forever and as the celebration began to dissipate, Cassie's sister, she of the "tooth prison" sent a text to me. "Do you mind taking Cassie home? I'm wasted and am catching a ride with Bobby." 

Did I mind? No. I paid my tab and Cassie and I walked to my Range Rover...teetering on our heels and laughing hysterically about Kit's hand running up and down Bobby's leg.

The ride to Cassie's place was a quick one and too soon she was asking me in for a midnight cocktail. Cassie unlocked and walked into her Tudor-style home, immediately kicking her heels off. 

I couldn't resist staring at the length of leg that was displayed underneath the hem of her skirt while she bent to turn on the stereo. 

My pussy tingled just a bit as she bent over, allowing me to see her ass. 

Cassie started dancing to the Prince song that immediately filled the room as she made her way to the kitchen, pulling vodka and olives out of her fridge. Setting out two martini glasses she threw in the olives and splashed them with liquor. 

I graciously accepted the glass as she handed it to me, dancing with her a bit as I followed her to the sofa. 

"Adrienne, cheers! I appreciate the ride!" Cassie sipped her drink and smiled at me.

Her luscious red lips sent a thrill straight through my body as I sipped my drink. The vodka from her drink wet her lips lightly, leaving a shine that begged to be kissed away. 

She reclined on the sofa, her stockings visible up to the garters that held them. The clasps grasping the black hose were shining brightly against her smooth and luscious thighs. 

"Adrienne, let's dance!" yelled Cassie and pulled me up by my hand. 

She pulled me towards her as she swayed gently to the beat of the music. She was clearly drunk and was slowly pulling her skirt up while dancing; lost in the tempo. 

I reached around and grazed her luscious ass with my manicured hand, softly touching what I had been longing for all evening.

Cassie grabbed my hand and rubbed her ass with it, enjoying the feel, but never missed a beat.

"Adrienne, you are so fun. It's nice to hang out with someone who isn't a prude, like my sister." 

She undulated her hips against mine while we danced. We were so close now that I could smell her perfume; it was intoxicating. 

She lowered her face against my neck and continued to push her hips against my own. I felt her breath on my ear, it smelled of vodka and her strawberry lip gloss. 

I continued to rub her ass as she moved her lips to mine. She kissed me with fervor while pressing her breasts against my own.

I was taken aback but kissed her with passion. Our lips fused together, locked in passion that wasn't forced but mutual and consensual. Cassie's lips were soft, so soft that it was hard not to melt into them. 

She pulled away and looked at me, running her finger down my chin, neck and between my breasts. She unbuttoned my blouse and reached a hand inside my bra, rubbing my nipple between her fingers.

I quivered at her touch. 

The erotic music was fueling my thoughts and the martini didn't help. I threw my head back and sighed while she lowered her head and flicked her tongue over my nipple, seeming to savor every bit of it. I ran my fingers through her hair, pulling her towards my chest. 

Cassie stopped sucking my hardened nipple and began removing her clothing, stripping down to a pink bra; her lacy thong riding high over her garter belt. I gasped in pleasure but followed her lead by taking off my top. 

Soon, the thin fabric of our bras were pressed together. We continued to kiss while she ran her fingers lightly over the silk of my panties, still moving our bodies to the music that emanated the atmosphere.

"Oh, Adrienne, your panties are so wet. May I taste you?" breathed Cassie, while kneeling to my knees, her heels ever steady. 

She looked up at me while slowly running her fingertips up the sides of my legs, causing me to again, gasp in pleasure. I felt her touch reach under my skirt and pull the edges of my panties down, ever so gently but with an eagerness that surprised me. 

I couldn't help but gather her sumptuous red curls between my fingers, holding her head in anticipation. She pulled my white underwear down to my ankles and lifted my heel, freeing me. 

I was anxious to feel her mouth upon my most intimate of areas, yes she was so slow with her actions causing my pussy to ache.

I could feel her breath upon my skin as she ran her tongue up my leg and towards my wetness. I held my breath yet still swaying to the music, and then her tongue reached my innermost lips. Cassie slowly but surely licked my clit and the inner areas of my labia. 

I felt my pussy bloom in erotic anticipation. She then went hungrily for all that was between my legs and I couldn't help but cry out in pleasure. 

Her sweet lips pulled my clit between them, sucking gently but surely. 

It was the most exquisite feeling; the soft pulse of her mouth while she licked and exhaled in her silent pleasure. She grabbed the bottom of my Jimmy Choo heel and placed it over her shoulder.

I continued to entangle my hands within her hair, reveling in all the pleasure that I was receiving.

"Oh god, Cassie, please put your tongue inside me. Please!" I moaned and she did as asked. 

I felt her finger push inside me and then reach towards my ass, causing me to cry out. 

I immediately came with a shudder. My legs were trembling and my body shook; all I could see was a tangled mass of curls that knelt at the source of my womanhood, tasting the secret pleasure that my body had so willfully enjoyed. 

Cassie slowly raised herself up, taking my leg from her shoulder and kissed me. I could taste myself upon her lips; it was a sweet mix of my desire and her saliva. 

She smiled softly and murmured, "Adrienne, sleep here with me. I am tired but I'm not done with you." 

I nodded, still shaking from the amazing orgasm that Cassie so sweetly gave me. She turned off the music and grabbed my hand, leading me to her bed. 

To be continued...