 My flight home was uneventful, at least if you consider an almost unbearable yearning in my pussy for direct stimulation uneventful. After I got excited at the TSA screening I had to sit in the gate area and people watch for an hour before my flight boarded. It must have been my new found appreciation for the female form working tricks in my head, but it seemed like every woman who walked past me was beautiful and I could imagine them taking advantage of me. This kept my pussy humming along with arousal. Once I boarded the plane, I realized this particular airline must save their best looking flight attendants for First Class. This wasn't my mind playing tricks on me. This flight attendant was gorgeous. If I had Mistress Lisa's cell phone number I would have sent her a text message asking permission to seduce her.

As it was, I only watched her as she helped people board and then throughout the flight as she served our section of the cabin. I didn't have anyone sitting next to me and watching this goddess made me want to ask for a blanket to cover my lap so I could masturbate in my seat. I'm not sure how I didn't sink to that depth, but I managed to control myself until I got home. Alone and in private, however, all bets were off and I quickly brought myself to a most satisfying climax.

I still had a couple of weeks to prepare for the next semester of teaching. This was always a busy time for me which was good. The prep work I had kept my mind off the dull ache in my pussy which wasn't being satisfied. Every time I checked my email or heard the phone ring I expected it to me Mistress Lisa ordering me back to Chicago to satisfy her lustful desires. But that request never came. I managed to get through the first week only masturbating twice. It was tough, but I was trying to get a handle on myself so I resisted as much as I could. I didn't want my lust to spiral out of control.

During the second week, my brain decided to take my needs into its own hands, so to speak. On Sunday night I had the most vivid dream I ever had. Like on the train, I woke coated in girl goo. Instead of having a vibrating wand strapped to my leg, however, I found my fingers slick and in my pussy. I didn't remember all of the details to my dream, but it went something like this.

It was the first day of class. I was dressed in a conservative, professional business suit. Later in the semester I would be more casual, but I always started things off more formal to assert my position as the head of the class. Of course that tradition was before I became a wanton pussy slut. In my new position, every young girl who came into my classroom was a potential notch on my bedpost. I was struggling to control my emotions and I had not even started the first lecture. The posts in my nipples and ring through my clit insured I was more aroused than I had ever been before in class. 

I had always hunted for my pray at schools in Boston so I would not have any conflict of interest at my college. I could tell this year was going to be different. There was no way I'd be able to control my lust enough not to bed a student. I watched as 16 nubile girls wandered into my classroom. Each seemed sexier than the last. I knew I was in trouble. The last girl to enter was also the youngest. Usually my classes are full of upperclasswomen. The subjects just don't appeal to most freshmen. I'd seen on the class roster that one girl, Penny, was indeed a freshman. It was also the first period of the day so this would be her first college class. I knew she would probably struggle. In my dream I remember thinking I hope she needs some tutoring. As had been the case for the last few months, however, I was the one about to get an education.

Penny positioned herself in the front row of the lecture hall. Hardly anybody ever sits in the front row. She was stunning. She was also wearing a very short skirt which showed off her athletic legs. She was also wearing high heels. She didn't look like a typical student. She looked like me when I was on my hunting trips.

The first class is always about my expectations and requirements for doing well. I've given this speech so many times I can recite it by memory. However, this time I stammered and struggled like a first year substitute. The reason? Immediately after sitting down, Penny crossed her legs giving me a deliciously naughty view up under her skirt. I wasn't sure, but I don't think she was wearing panties.

We silently played a game with each other. She would move her legs, crossing them, spreading them or even closing them for a short period of time and I would lose my train of thought, misspeak and try to discretely look at her without getting caught. She knew what she was doing and she knew that I was falling into her trap.

The class was a blur. I'm sure the other students were confused, although I'm sure I was the only one whose panties were soaked. After class the students all filed out and I quickly locked the classroom door and pulled down the shade. In my dream I sat at my desk, propped up my spread legs on top of my desk and masturbated. I pictured doing this in front of an entire lecture hall of students as Penny commanded me to show off how much of a slut I am. I shamefully came in front of all of them to a loud round of applause.

Then I woke up. As I said before my fingers were buried deep inside my pussy just as they had been in my dream. They were also soaked with my juices evidence that my alternate dream reality wasn't entirely fiction. I'd just made myself cum dreaming of a freshman forcing me to play with myself in front of my class. How much lower could I go? As it turns out, I only had to wait until falling asleep the next night to find out.

As I said, my dreams had become much more vivid than I remembered them to have been previously. I also remembered every detail something which I never did in the past. My second dream started the same. Penny was teasing me throughout the lecture. I did my best to ignore her and teach, but it was a losing battle. The rest of the students filed out of the room when I was done, but I heard them snarking that I was a terrible teacher and they couldn't follow what I was saying. This was cutting me to the core. Something else happened that day. Penny was the one who locked the door after everyone else left.

She never said a word to me. She just walked over to me and put her hands on my shoulders pushing me down into my chair. She then hitched up her skirt, sat down on my desk, spread her legs and told me to lick her pussy. Of course I did without hesitation. Penny began a verbal assault on me telling me what a good submissive slut I was and promising to make me eat her every day. I was in heaven. I couldn't believe my good fortune to find a young girl who could see right through my soul and give me the attention my body craved. I woke up again soaking wet, although my hands were not at my crotch. In my dream Penny had not played with me or made me cum and apparently I had not in bed either.

All day I kept thinking back to my dream. I masturbated several times. Actually I teased myself several times but I forced myself to stop before I could climax. I knew my dream mistress would want it that way and I was determined to wait until tonight to see if I would dream about her again.

I went to bed Tuesday night hoping my subconscious mind would continue its journey into my submission to Penny. Fortunately it did not let me down. Nor did it let me down the rest of the week. Each night I dreamed of my own debasement. Each night the dreams became more vivid and real and each night the acts of submission I performed grew more twisted and perverted.

After my first dream of servicing Penny, my next dream had her walking late into my lecture. She sweetly apologized and dropped a note on my desk on the way to her usual front row seat. I left the note for a few minutes giving her a scowling look at interrupting the class. When I reached an appropriate break point, I unfolded her note. Her penmanship was elegant. She was very refined for her age. The note said to go to the bathroom and remove my underwear. I hoped the rest of the class didn't notice my shock. I looked up into Penny's eyes. I know she saw my reaction.

I folded the note again and tossed it in the trash. We still had half an hour for this lecture so I began the next section. Again the quality of my teaching began to suffer as I was distracted by the order given to me by my young temptress and because she was once again flashing me from her seat. I was starting to get hot and bothered. I struggled through the section and then told the class to take a few minutes to read into the next session and that I'd be right back.

Grabbing my purse I headed down the hall to the ladies room. I went into the nearest stall and quickly slid my panties off. They were soaked through anyway and not doing much good. Getting my bra off was a more logistical challenge, but it quickly followed my panties into my purse. I felt liberated walked back to my classroom and wondered what else Penny had in store for me.

When I got back into the lecture hall I immediately noticed another note on my desk. I chose to ignore it for now. Everyone must have seen Penny put it there and I didn't want to appear to be taking orders from a freshman. I completed my lecture as best I could until the class ended. I was sure the students would comment about my lack of teaching skills again, although this time I didn't hear them. As they were filing out of the room I picked up Penny's note. All it said was that I was to sit on the edge of my desk and masturbate for us.

Us? Why us?

I looked up and besides Penny, four other girls had stayed behind when the rest of the class left. My dream self flashed back to Cathy and her friends at our picnic as I submissively stood up and walked to the front of my desk. I knew the door wasn't locked this time, but that didn't stop me from hiking up my skirt and sitting on the edge of my desk.

I hoped I was turning on my protagonists as I spread my legs and began to finger my clit. I'm sure my golden ring was glistening with my juices. I could hear the girls gossiping with comments like "damn, I didn't believe you when you said she would do this" and "what a slut!" I also heard them asking what else Penny could get me to do. I was lost in a dream world, both literally and figuratively. I began to finger fuck myself with abandon giving the girls a wonderful show. I moaned and groaned until I begged Penny to let me cum. This seemed to surprise the other girls but Penny took it in stride but denied me that pleasure.

My dream then took on a third person view. I was no longer looked at Penny and the girls but hovered above them watching the scene unfold. I could see the pleading look on my face, the stern look of dominance on Penny's and the complete disbelief of the other girls. Penny told me I had to pledge myself to her before I'd be allowed to cum. Of course I did that immediately. She then said I had to pledge myself to her friends. Again I complied without reservation. She then said I was to always wear skirts to class and never wear underwear. 

As I watched myself agree to those terms I thought "that is a good idea" and began to frig my clit harder. I was about to cum whether Penny gave me permission or not. The girls seemed amused by my submission. Penny announced that tomorrow after class I was going to lick all their pussies. She asked if "teacher slut" would like to taste five fresh young pussies. I nodded and exploded into orgasm.

I rolled over on my desk and thrashed about as a monumental orgasm overtook my dream body. My eyes were closed but I could hear the girls laughing at me. I was still shaking and cumming as I heard the girls begin to get up. I forced myself to open my eyes as one by one the girls filed by me on the way out of the room. The last one, Betty I think, slapped me on the ass on the way by. I had no protection from view as the girls opened the hall door and walked outside. Betty propped the door open with a rubber stopper sitting on the floor. I was unable to get off my desk for several minutes but thankfully nobody seemed to notice.

Finally my body calmed down enough for me to peel myself off my desk and stagger to my office where I sat with the lights off trying to calm down. It was as if my dreams were teaching me how I was supposed to act when classes started again. I woke soon after. I was a sweaty mess and stuck to the sheets. My hands were both wet with pussy juice as were my thighs. It was obvious that I had cum again during this dream. My body was living my dreams.

I became distraught over the ferocity of my dreams as much as the content. This wasn't the way a respected professor should be thinking about her students. Yet I couldn't deny the pleasure I had been giving myself. Being both intellectually curious, or so I told myself, and prone to scientific study, I decided I wanted to test my new dream state. I was already convinced that my subconscious was controlling whether I masturbated when I slept. Now I wanted to see if I could give myself cues as to what I would dream about. The next night before going to bed I made sure to leave both a dildo and a set of nipple clamps on my nightstand. I also actively fingered myself until I was good and wet, although not to climax, before reluctantly shutting my eyes.

I didn't remember my dream that night, but when I woke in the morning I found the dildo in the bed between my legs. The clamps were apparently flung across the room at some point, but I could tell by the discoloration on my nipples that they had been abused. It was clear my pussy also had more action than just my fingers and the sheets were soaked as usual. Dang I wish I could remember what happened. I thought of myself tugging on the nipple chain with one hand while working the dildo with the other and got myself all hot and bothered again. I couldn't resist taking another turn with my dildo, although I left off the clamps. I also started thinking about what else to leave on the nightstand tonight.

During the day I had some shopping to do and was walking around downtown. Like many small towns, our downtown business district had been decimated by the big box retailers near the highway. All that remained were a few specialty shops. I tried to shop here as often as I could for my coffee and went to a candle and bath shop on occasion. I was picking up a pound of my favorite gourmet coffee when I spotted a new store. That was unusual as new stores rarely picked this area. I guess the landlord cut them a good price on rent.

The shop was called Spyland. I figured maybe it was a comic book store but it turned out it sold gadgets and surveillance items. I didn't see how it would ever survive in our small town, but I wanted to take a look so I went inside. There were all sorts of items straight out of a James Bond movie. Watches and pens with video or voice recorders and devices which claimed to determine if your phone was tapped. Most of the stuff I will not pretend to understand, but I did find one gadget which intrigued me. It looked like a clock. OK, it was a clock. But it was also a webcam. The face had an ornate design which hid two lenses, an infrared transmitter and a motion detector. The clerk explained that whenever the detector sensed somebody in the room, the camera would record video from the two lenses to an SD card. One of the lenses was a wide angle and used regular light to capture the whole room. The second lens worked in the IR spectrum. It was more focused, but could capture nighttime images. He explained the video would be green and grainy, but was pretty good if the subject was within 15 feet or so. He said the SD card would record up to two hours of video, although I could switch it out to a larger capacity if needed. My mind was swirling with possibilities and I bought the clock without delay. My plan was to set it up in my bedroom and find out what my body was doing during my dreams. 

The first night I remember my sleep being restless. I had my dildo and a vibrator on my nightstand and was disappointed to find them still there in the morning. My sheets were also dry. I guess I couldn't program my dreams after all. I reviewed the video footage from the SD card. The camera had been turning on and off all night as I twisted back and forth in bed. The IR picture was surprisingly good. I had put the clock on my dresser about 8 feet from the bed so the IR transmitter illuminated the bed well even though the footage was worthless since all it showed was me restlessly sleeping. That day I determined to make myself horny in preparation for an erotic dream and masturbated whenever I could take a break in my class preparations. It was maddening bringing myself to the brink and then stopping. Every time I would play with myself I thought about whether this was helping or hurting the chance that I would dream tonight. The scientist in me said it was helping. The slut in me was crying out for an orgasm. The intellectual side of my brain won, but if I didn't dream tonight, tomorrow morning I was going to be getting myself off before I even got out of bed. Fortunately, my satisfaction was not delayed that long and I remembered every slutty detail of my dream.

My fantasy submission to my class took on a group mentality. Instead of just a couple of girls, the entire class was involved. I guess my teasing myself all day had some benefits. First, the administration had decided to set certain performance goals for the students and if they didn't perform well on some stupid test, my career would suffer. As a result, I needed to find some way to motivate them. Of course Penny was quick to tell the others that I had been servicing her on a regular basis and suggested that if they did well on the test I would service them too. The other girls who didn't know my nasty little secret seemed shocked, but I was thrilled with her suggestion. Penny's friends I'd already served showed little emotion. I guess they already knew of Penny's plan. As we began a test review, Penny suggested that for each right answer the class gave, I should remove an article of clothing. I felt my pussy gush at the mere suggestion.

I had dressed very professionally that day. I was wearing a two piece business suit, a white button down blouse, stockings, a garter belt, a lacy bra and panties set and high heels. I knew I looked good. I also did a quick count of how many items of clothing I was wearing. They would have to get 10 correct answers to get me naked. I could tell by the look on faces of my class that they were all in favor of this kind of test review and I quickly agreed to her terms. I stood in front of the class and told them to put all their books and notes away. I'd play the game but I wouldn't make it easy.

I asked the first question. It was an easy one and I wanted to see just how excited my class would become at the thought of stripping me. Every hand, except one, went up and of course they got it right. I was ordered over to the girl who had answered. She stood up and helped me remove my suit jacket. She then placed it neatly on her desk. The second question was not so easy. In fact it was quite difficult. At first nobody ventured a guess. I mocked them a bit for struggling. Penny then raised her hand. She gave a feeble guess. It wasn't even close.

I shot her a look of disappointment and then told the class that if correct answers got a reward, then incorrect answers should get a penalty. Everybody but Penny seemed to think that was a good idea. I walked over to her. She was wearing a sweatshirt. In my fantasy dreams she was never wearing a bra so when I pulled the sweatshirt up over her head, her ample breasts flopped into view. She gave me a dirty "you'll pay for this later" look at having the tables turned on her. I didn't say a word. Instead I walked over to the door and flipped the deadbolt. I also pulled down the shade. Things were starting to get interesting.
