 She had a nice ass.

My face turned bright red thinking that. It was true, though. I didn't consider myself bisexual or anything, but, damn.

My delicious view was made possible by the fact that she was only five feet tall, so she needed to stand on a stool to reach a bag of chips in a high cupboard. Her short shorts barely covered that beautiful ass, and as she stretched to reach the bag I couldn't help but stare. It was a really, really nice ass.


"She" is Alex. I'm Jenn. Her parents were out of town for the weekend so I was at her house to watch movies, eat chips, and talk about guys all night. My view of her ass only lasted a moment before she turned around, smiled at me, and hopped off the stool, chips in hand.

"C'mon," she said, "let's put in a movie," and she turned and walked into the living room. I kept my gaze steadily on her shoulder-length brown hair, and tried to convince myself that I wasn't not looking at her ass on purpose. She pushed a cassette into her VCR, then collapsed onto her small couch. I sat, cross-legged, in front of her. The movie turned out to be extremely sexy, with lots of nudity. I could feel warmth between my legs during certain scenes, and almost wished I was alone so I could masturbate.

About an hour into the movie, I heard a quiet moan above me. I looked up and was shocked, and I had to admit a little intrigued, to see Alex's hand massaging her crotch through her shorts. It was clear that she didn't want to actually masturbate with me in the room, yet couldn't really help herself. Suddenly, she realized I was watching her and stopped abruptly. Her face turned bright red.

"I--uh--I mean--sorry. I was, um..." she began.

"No, it's okay," I said. "I'm, well, I'm enjoying the movie, too..." I continued, not sure how to phrase my sentence. She smiled tentatively.

"Okay," she said. I smiled in what I thought was a reassuring way, and then turned back to watch the movie. My stomach was churning, I was amazed at the thought of my friend masturbating. I mean, I guess pretty much everyone does it, but I never really think about other people doing it.

Behind me I heard Alex continue to moan. She had taken my acceptance to heart and, as I stole a glance out of the corner of my, I saw that she had now shoved her hand into her shorts.

By this time I was really turned on. Now that Alex was masturbating openly, my inhibitions started to melt and I moved my hand slowly into my jeans, acutely aware of my friend pleasuring herself inches away. At the first light stroke of my middle finger on my pussy, I closed my eyes and groaned. The soft sounds of my best friend enjoying herself, the feel of her labored breathing on the back of my neck, and the grunts coming from the television as two people fucked contributed to arousing me more than I had ever been aroused in my life.

"Jenn?" came Alex's voice. I jumped.

"Yeah?" I said.

"Well...it's just...it's kind of hard to, well, y'know...when I have my shorts on..." she said, a little apprehension in her voice. "Do you mind if I, um..." her voice trailed off.

"Um, uh, y-yeah, sure," I stuttered, a little overwhelmed.

"Thanks," she gasped, sounding relieved. I heard rustling of cloth as Alex's shorts and then panties were removed. I could smell her pussy now. I stared at the television, desperate not to look. I was, after all, straight. Unfortunately, the movie had now moved on to a girl-girl scene which hardly helped my situation.

I heard a particularly loud groan behind me and was no longer able to control myself. My eyes darted up and I was suddenly watching Alex's bare pussy. She stuck her index and middle fingers in her wet hole to lubricate them, and then pulled them out and started circling her clit. Then she would stick them back in, and do it over again. Her eyes were squeezed tightly shut, so I was relatively sure she had no idea I was paying such close attention.

As if in a dream, I reached down and unzipped my jeans. I pulled my left leg out, then my right, and tossed them aside. Next I slid off my soaked panties, my eyes never leaving her dripping cunt. I shoved three fingers into myself and started pumping in and out while circling my clit with my thumb. After a few minutes of mutual gasping and groaning, Alex's moans began to get louder, then louder. Finally she gave a high-pitched squeal and her juices flowed out of her pussy. I could see the muscles clench in her naked legs, and suddenly I reached orgasm as well.

I turned my head away and stared at the ceiling as I screamed and came. I could feel blood pounding in my temples. My entire body spasmed with pleasure. For a brief moment I lost all control of myself.

Finally we were both silent. I closed my eyes with the post-orgasm bliss. Then Alex was there.

She dropped on me without any warning at all. There was a loud, wet slap as our pussies made sudden contact. Her petite breasts were smashed against mine. We were separated only by my black t-shirt and her yellow tube top. Before I could protest her tongue was in my mouth, licking everywhere. She let out a low moan and ground her hips against mine as she tasted every part of my mouth.

I couldn't think, she was everywhere, the entire universe, there was nothing but her. Her tongue, the taste of her saliva, was so invasive, so intruding, so frightening, and yet so intoxicating. My pussy contracted with pleasure as she humped me. I could hardly breathe. I gasped into her mouth with disgust, fear, confusion, and ecstasy. I wasn't sure if my eyes were opened or closed. It didn't matter, though, she saturated each of my senses. My entire soul was surrendered to her.

I don't know how long we were in this position. It was such an all-consuming passion, I didn't have any sense of time at all. It could have been hours or seconds. It was the most sensual, erotic experience of my life. I orgasmed at least five times. I don't remember anything from this part of the night except that it was beyond incredible. It was pure, animal lust.

When it was over, she rolled off of me. My t-shirt was as soaked with sweat as my pussy was with our juices. It took a good five minutes for us to catch our breath, lying next to each other, staring at the ceiling. Finally, I spoke.

"Oh. My. God." I couldn't believe what had just happened. My mind hadn't yet wrapped itself around the fact that I had just fucked the hell out of my best friend. We turned our heads to look at each other. She was so beautiful. I reached over and stroked her hair.

"That was incredible," she said.

"Tell me about it."

We couldn't possibly have fucked any more that night. We could barely move, we were so exhausted. We fell asleep staring into each other's eyes.

"Good morning, lover," said Alex's voice. It took a while for my brain to parse the sentence. Lover? Dry mouth. Mouth is dry. Lover? Alex? What?

OH!

Oh.

Wow.

Lover.

Wow.

I opened my eyes. Alex was smiling down at me. Naked. Her nipples were red. Beautiful, beautiful, red nipples on beautiful, beautiful small breasts on beautiful, beautiful Alex. She was straddling me. Her fuzzy bush was tickling my stomach. I was naked, too. She must have worked my shirt off while I was asleep.

"I want you," she said. I grinned up at her. She leaned down and kissed me. The kiss was sweet, affectionate. She licked my lips and the tips of our tongues touched, then she pulled away. By now, I was very much awake. She began kissing my chin, then my throat, working her way down. She then moved to my left nipple and sucked, licked, nibbled. I moaned with desire for her. Then she dragged her tongue across my chest, leaving a cold trail of wet skin, to the other nipple where she did the same thing. I arched my back and shivered with delight. Finally, she started kissing her way down again. She stopped at my navel and stuck her tongue in. This drove me absolutely wild. Shivers ran up and down my spine. Finally she moved on, and a moment later she was right in front of my pussy, which was now soaked. I could feel her sniffing and exploring. She was like a puppy.

Finally she started to work. I gasped as her tongue entered my vagina and started licking inside me. She licked and slurped noisily and I became more and more aroused. After a while she moved up and nibbled my clit, then went back down, then up again. My cries became louder and louder. Eventually I couldn't stand it any longer and orgasmed with a scream. I came and came...

We fucked for hours that morning. Finally, as we lay in each other's arms, she remembered to be a good host.

"Did you want some breakfast...?" she asked. I grinned and kissed her.

"No thanks. I already ate."