 I'm so nervous about the encounter about to take place. I don't consider myself gay, or even bisexual; it's just that I love my clit, and I love for it to be played with. I want to experience being with another woman because they always say a woman does it better than a man since she knows what a woman wants. I am not complaining about men, I have been fingered and ate out to ecstasy, but I want to do this just to kill my curiosity. When I watch porno of girl on girl, it turns me on. I am also turned on by watching women masturbate, I cum off another woman fingering herself and playing with her titties. I imagine those things being done to me. Women are so sensual that it seems like being with one will take me to a new level of ecstasy. Whenever I am being fingered, whether by myself or a man, I imagine that it is a woman and I cum so hard it scares me. I never thought I would have the chance because I would never approach another woman. Luckily, she approached me.

I was at the Cheesecake Bistro on St. Charles, enjoying dinner with my boyfriend. A group of four ladies were seated at the table next to us. They were a friendly group, speaking when they were seated, and chatting and laughing up a storm. Anyway, I made my way to the bathroom after I had my favorite dessert, the crème caramel cheesecake. Barry was paying the check and told me to meet him outside when I came out the bathroom. I was exiting the stall when two of the ladies from the table next to us came in. One of them went in a stall; the other went to the mirror. I went to the sink to wash my hands when the one in mirror looked at me.

"Your hair is so pretty. It looks so healthy."

"Thank you."

"Who does it?"

"I do it myself. I go to the barber for the cut, but I perm and style it myself."

"My name is Chandra, but everyone calls me Kandi."

"I'm Katerina, but everyone calls me Kat, how are you?"

"Is that your boyfriend you are with?"

I hesitated in my answer. I wondered why she was being so friendly, and why she was staring into my face. "Yes that's him." I replied as I dried my hands and threw the towel away. "Nice meeting you," I said and turned to walk out.

"Kat, I am going to be very blunt. I think you are very attractive, and I wondered if you would like to get together sometime."

I was totally stunned. "Get together and do what?"

She walked up to me; at this point her friend was exiting the stall heading to the sink. She looked at me and smiled, then watched our conversation from the mirror.

"Tell me Kat, aren't you curious?" I knew instantly what she was talking about and wondered how she knew, so I asked.

"It's just a vibe we get from each other. I am into men, but I like to do my thing with a woman every now and then. I think you would enjoy it. What do you think Tika?"

Tika wiped her hands and walked over to me. She looked me up and down, and then surveyed me from the back. "I guarantee you will enjoy it. Just give it a try." 

I couldn't believe this was happening to me. I never thought I would be approached by a woman, never thought my desires could be read by another person. I never thought in a million years I would respond they way I did.

"Let me give you my number." That was the statement that started it all.

Kandi called me the next day and we talked like regular girl friends do. At the end of the conversation, I told her that I would hook up a hotel for the upcoming Saturday, and our encounter could go down.

Now I am here, in my black lace bra with the matching boy shorts, sipping on my third glass of wine trying to ease my nerves. The room was nice, a king size bed with a view of downtown. I had some candles burning and some soft music playing. I had the TV on mute, and was about to fall asleep when someone knocked on the door. The butterflies in my stomach began all over again.

I went and opened the door and there was Kandi, and to my surprise she was with Tika. I didn't know Tika was coming along. The thought of the threesome instantly turned me on. 

Kandi had on a t-shirt dress that was gray, and to the knees. She wore black flip flops, and her shoulder length hair was hanging and very bouncy. She was brown skinned with a nice coca-cola shape, although she was not skinny. She had a pretty smile, and wide, soft eyes with long lashes. She was a very beautiful woman. 

Tika was tall and slim, with wide hips. Her breasts were round, but her ass was flat. Her hair was also hanging, but hers was more like a wrap. She had an alright looking face, but she had deep dimples that compensated for her plainness. She also had on a t-shirt dress, expect hers was long and she wore puma tennis shoes. I assumed the dresses was for convenience; easy access. 

Kandi gave me a brief kiss on the lips as she entered the room. "This is nice, love the candles and music." She went to the TV, opened the DVD player, and put a disc in. "A little something to enhance this mood. Any more wine?"

I pulled out the second bottle from the mini fridge as Kandi and Tika removed their dresses. Kandi had on a red bra and thong set while Tika had a pink bustier and matching thong. I sat back down on the bed as they poured themselves some wine and engaged in small talk, while I focused on the girl on girl porno DVD playing.  The first scene was of two black girls, one who had never been with a girl before. It was very sensual, the experienced woman was fondling the other girl and she seemed to truly enjoy it. Although, I was nervous, I felt myself getting wet, and I was anxious for it to begin. Kandi seemed to read my mind because she turned the lamp off. The journey begins.

Kandi stood at the end of the bed. She used her finger and signaled me to come to her. I crawled to the edge of the bed, and stood on my knees in front of her. Tika then climbed on the bed behind me. I felt her rubbing my legs as she began to kiss me on my back. Kandi rubbed her hands up and down my legs and my stomach. The position I was in had me looking at her face to face. She grabbed my hair, and kissed me, softly at first then more passionately with her tongue. I wrapped my arms around her and returned the kiss. She moved her hands up to my bra, and pulled my titties out.

"You are beautiful, Kat. Truly beautiful," she whispered then put my left nipple in her mouth and cupped and teased my right nipple with her free hand. She flicked her tongue on my nipple, then rotated, then grabbed them both in her hands and flicked her tongue back and forth. Meanwhile, Tika slid my shorts down to my knees, and used her leg to slightly pull my legs apart. 

I swear I could feel the wetness coming down my leg. My pussy was on fire, and my clit was hard it was so turned on. Tika was fondling my ass cheeks and Kandi begin to lower her hand down to my pussy. She teased me by playing with my hairs, and then begin rubbing her hands up and down my stomach again. 

"Touch me please, touch me. Oohh, please. Touch me."

I surprised myself begging for her touch. She moved her hand to my mouth and stuck her middle finger in it. I sucked it like it was dick, making sure I got it nice and moist because I knew she was going to stick it in me. She removed her finger and did just that, softly touching my clit with her wet finger. I went crazy. I started humping her finger with the same speed she rotated it on my clit. Tika had both her palms on my ass and was bouncing my ass in rhythm with my movements. I opened my legs a little more as Kandi increased the speed of her finger. I felt myself losing control and Tika continued to bounce my ass causing the feeling to intensify. I held on to Kandi's shoulders and let myself ride the waves of the orgasm coming on. I was humping that finger harder than I ever humped anything, I didn't know I had it in me. I was so wet it was like my pussy was sliding back and forth on Kandi's finger. My toes began to curl and my moans became screams as I let myself cum harder than I ever came before. The muscles in my pussy clenched and collapsed around her finger, and my body shook uncontrollably. I felt my clit getting soft again as I calmed down from the orgasm.

"She seems like she enjoyed that!" Kandi laughed as she looked at Tika.

"And that was just the beginning," Tika said. "Let's turn it up another notch!"

Tika turned me around to face her, and then she started kissing me. She laid me down on the bed and removed my bra and panties. Kandi climbed in the bed and the two of them began kissing each other and undressing each other very sensuously. I could hear moans escaping from their lips as they fondled each other's breast and ass cheeks. Even though I had come as hard as I did, I was ready for another one. I fondled my own titties as I watched the show in front of me. 

Tika then turned to me and pushed my legs up. She was bent down in the front, but her ass was in the air. She started licking my nipples, and then traced a trail down to my pussy. Meanwhile, Kandi was bouncing Tika's her ass up and down and fingering her. She opened Tika's legs and began eating her out from behind. Tika then began eating me out. She flicked her tongue softly on my clit. She knew what to do; before I knew it I was moving my hips up and down in rhythm with her tongue. She continued to move her tongue slowly, like she knew exactly what I liked, and in seconds I was cumming, hard. My body was shaking once again, and I pushed her head away from me.

Once I regained my composure, I joined in Kandi and Tika. Kandi was still eating Tika out, and Tika was in a zone. She was bouncing her ass up and down Kandi's face. I began to fondle her breast and kiss her neck and her back. That made her loose control and began moaning as her orgasm tore through her.

I was ready for Kandi. She was the only one who hadn't come. She lay down on the bed and pulled me on top of her.

"Ride me. I want you to ride my pussy. I just want to see your titties bouncing and watch your face as you come on me."

"What do you mean ride you?" I had no idea what she was talking about. She opened her legs and positioned me so that I was in between her legs, but one of my legs was on top of her leg. Basically, we were in position to "bump tacos" as they say. My clit was against her clit, and I began to rock back and forth as if I was riding a dick. I didn't think that this position would do anything for me. Boy was I wrong.

The wetness of her against my wetness was a huge turn on. I began to really grind my pussy against hers while she grinded against me. Kandi was fondling her breast with one hand as she held my hip with her other hand. I leaned back and lost myself in the moment. Our pussies were so wet we were sliding against each other. Her moans increased and I could tell she was near orgasm so I grinded harder and faster, causing my own orgasm to come. We came at the same time, and I could feel her pussy percolating, as she came, causing me to come twice. 

I had forgotten about Tika, but she let us have our moment before joining us again. The night continued, and we fingered, hunched, fondled, and ate each other out until we fell asleep. I came a total of 8 times, and never in my life enjoyed sex so much. I was wore out when we finally finished, and found myself nestled in the bed between the two of them.

I woke up the next morning to find them gone. When my phone rang, reality hit. Barry was calling me asking how was the "girls' night out?" If he only knew what type of night it was. What was I doing? I had a boyfriend that I was considering marrying. I knew I was not gay, but I enjoyed the experience so much I wanted to have it again (and again, and again). 

Later that day, Kandi called. I thought about avoiding her, but I couldn't. I just couldn't. I had to hear what she was going to say about last night. 

"Hey," I answered.

"Hey yourself. 

Slight pause.

"Did you enjoy yourself?" Kandi asked.

"A little too much."

"So does that mean there will be another encounter?"

"Let this one be one on one." I surprised myself with that answer, but the truth was, I was attracted to Kandi and I wanted to experience her and only her. I was being greedy, but I wanted her undivided attention. 

Kandi responded, "I was hoping you would say that. The truth is, I do this for fun. It is an escape from my real life. But, I am so attracted to you and I enjoyed you so much that I want you to myself, if only for one night." 

This was music to my ears. And it was on again!! 

Years Later

Kandi and I still experience each other. In the beginning, we were seeing each other about 4 times a week. I had to slow things down, and focus on my relationship with Barry. He ended up not being the one for me, and a few boyfriends later I finally did find the right one. His name is Chris, and we are set to wed this upcoming summer. During the breakups, I always sought Kandi's touch and she was always there. We purposely did not learn things out about each other, our relationship is pure sex. We did not want to become wrapped up in each other and jeopardize the lives we live. There were times when I tried to stop, but I couldn't stay away. The pleasure was way too intense. The release was too erotic, to fulfilling, to satisfying to let go. I have learned to make the necessary sacrifices to keep this little secret. We have a standing once a week appointment that I have not told anyone about and don't see the point now after all these years. Kandi is my stress reliever, my escape from the real world, my ability to have my cake and eat it too! I plan on keeping her around.