 I awoke to the sound of my buzzing purse. I groggily threw myself halfway across Cassie's bed trying to reach the source of the noise. I had already sent my husband a text message informing him that I had drank too much and was staying with a friend for the evening. 

I brushed my thumb across the answer button and wearily said, "Hey honey. Everything okay?" 

Court sounded just as tired but there was a hint of worry in his voice, "Just making sure you're okay. Don't forget we have the charity golf thing tomorrow at two." 

I knew that the concern in his tone wasn't about my safety, but to make sure he got to hit balls with his buddies and that I played the part of the perfect wife.

"I haven't forgotten. I will be home in time to make the salad and look presentable. I'll see you then. Love you."

"Love you back." I hung up and threw my phone back in my purse, and gazed over at Cassie. Her delicate face was quite eloquent in the soft light of the moon shining through the bedroom curtains. 

Her features held an elfin quality, chin and nose small with dark sweeping lashes that covered her sleeping eyes. She was such a beautiful woman, so carefree and intelligent. I decided not to overthink how I ended up in in her bed, I just wanted to be near the sweetness of her.

Pulling the sheet over my nude body, I lay back down onto the fluffy pillow; Cassie obviously was a connoisseur of luxury, as the Egyptian sheets softly caressed my body. I hadn't noticed the bedding earlier in my drunken state but I did notice how Cassie's red hair flowed over her pillow while she snored lightly. 

I felt my hand reaching out to caress her leg, just the outer portion of her thigh. She stirred at my touch and I felt my face burn with embarrassment, not wanting to wake her. She had given me such pleasure the night before, the orgasm was nothing I had ever experienced. 

I turned over and shut my eyes, hoping to forget that I had to be Court's forced date tomorrow for his work cronies.

I quickly began to slip back into sleep when I felt Cassie's leg slowly push between mine. The silkiness of her skin against my own felt like the kiss of a butterfly, so very subtle and light. Sighing, I felt my nipples harden with an electricity that surprised me, in spite of my exhausted state. 

This woman had an effect on me that I couldn't fathom, especially at this early hour.

*********

I awoke later to the softness of feathery strokes of a delicate tongue upon my breasts. I had almost forgotten where I was until I noticed the fragrant scent of Cassie's floral perfume as well as the neatly manicured red nails reaching towards my stomach. 

Turning towards her, I could see that her sleep-flushed face was still as beautiful as it was the evening before.

"Adrienne, you do something to me. I want to touch every single part of you before you leave me." She said huskily. 

Her words elicited a deep guttural moan that I couldn't control. I reached to towards her cheek, running the back of my fingers over the velvety softness.

"Yes." I said breathily and pulled her towards me, my hands tangled in that lovely rosy shade of crimson. 

I kissed her plump lips slowly at first but passion took possession and we were soon entangled in one another. Legs and arms were moving, rubbing; entwined with a lust that I had never experienced before. 

She was so soft and her ass fit perfectly in my hand as I held it while she nibbled on my earlobe, sending lightning bolts of lust throughout my body.

"Oh god, Adrienne, you are so damned sexy." Moaned Cassie, arching her back as my fingers entered her tight pussy. 

She was so wet that I inserted another finger, causing her to cry out. Our nipples were slowly rubbing against one another's. I started stroking my fingertips along the inside of her pussy towards her clit; gently massaging her while she began licking my nipples.

The harder I rubbed, the harder she licked and it felt like nothing I had ever known. It was magic.

"Adrienne, please, I want you." She whispered and I did not make her wait for what I had wanted to do to her since I had laid eyes on her beautiful face. 

Lightly flicking my tongue down her stomach, I ran my fingers up the inside of Cassie's legs. 

She shivered almost in delight or perhaps impatience; I wasn't sure but I knew she wanted my mouth to suck her womanhood. 

She tasted so sweet, exactly how I knew she would...like her strawberry lip gloss. I lapped my tongue up and down her clit and quickly delved deep inside her pussy. 

Cassie squirmed and bucked beneath me as I tried to hold her thighs apart. She gripped my shoulders and pulled my hair as her orgasm built while I continued my momentum. 

I slowly ran my hands around to her ass and felt her body quiver in pleasure. I cupped her behind and pulled her pulsating pussy closer towards my face, kissing it slowly to let her relax. 

"Adrienne, wow. Just wow." I have no words." 

She murmured as I kissed her breasts and then her pretty lips, letting her taste herself. 

*********

We wrapped ourselves around each other, slightly dozing as our juices seemed to flow towards one another, making us one. As I lay upon her expensive pillow, I had thought that she was exciting and fun last night, but this morning it was different. 

I found her enigmatic and deep, like no one I had met before; a gorgeous enigma. 

The sun had risen and the buzzing in my purse again brought me out of my sleep. Yet again, I reached over the bed to answer and it was Court, of course. 

"Hey. Get your ass home. I need the food made and I want you to wear that cute little golf skirt. Okay?"

I agreed and hung up, staring at Cassie's sleeping face. I slowly pulled myself out from under the covers and found my clothes, dressing as quietly as I could. Pulling my heels on after brushing my hair, I found a small notepad that had resided in my purse for what seemed forever. 

"Thanks, Cassie. Your hospitality was more than welcome. Drinks soon? Kisses - Adrienne." I left the note on the pillow I had slept on, loved on and silently locked the front door behind me before I left. 

I walked to my car and slipped my key into the ignition, knowing I would not forget the time I had shared with Cassie, and hoping I would once again weave my fingers into her glorious red hair.

To be continued...