 My wife Tara is a very conservative woman. Tall and slender she wears two-piece navy suits to her job at a large accountancy firm.

Tara wears her hair up, sometimes in a bun and wears blouses that do not draw attention to her breasts.

Tara had been a virgin and I took her cherry on our honeymoon. She did not believe in premarital sex and was saving herself for the man she married. My wife does not have an active libido immersing herself in her work and hobby, painting watercolors. 

Tara worked with a group of a dozen accountants in a large room separated by work cubicles. The firm did a lot of corporate work and the partners looked after the clients in their offices and assigned the workload amongst the pool of accountants.

There were eight females ranging in age from mid-twenties to late forties, Tara being one of the youngest. Then other four accountants were males, all being in their forties or fifties.

There was a good esprit de corps amongst the accountants and they all cooperated in getting the work out on time. Sometimes this meant staying after five to meet a deadline.

On one such occasion Tara volunteered to stay behind with three other of the female accountants and Bruce Jeffery's, a confirmed bachelor, who had no reason to hurry home.

Whilst Tara tends to dress conservatively her underwear is only first class Victoria Secret type lingerie. She spends $85+ for bras and favors high cut French bikini panties or thongs, she likes feeling "good" underneath her clothes.

Against company policy Dora Moore had snuck a bottle of Gilbey's gin into the office and was sharing it with the others. Shortly after seven o'clock they were finished and most of the crew feeling pretty good. 

"Let's put on a show for Bruce!" Dora piped out.

Dora was a forty-something dark hair buxomly attorney's wife. Unceremoniously she begins unfastening her blouse.

Nobody wanted to leave yet, not even Tara. This kind of shenanigans was unheard of in the office but none of the partners were around.

Joyce Serada, a cut early thirties blonde, joined in on the strip.

Tara watched in awe as her coworkers began to disrobe. Dora slipped of her sheer white ruffled blouse exposing a well-filled white full cup bra. Tara thought that was as far as she was going to go until she dropped the blouse and her hands went to the clasp at the back. When Dora brought her hands forward she brought the bra with them allowing her enormous tits to spill out into everyone's view. The rose color aureoles on her creamy mounds must have been three inches in diameter with giant pencil erasure teats rising form them. Everyone looked in wonder at Dora's bared rack.

Not to be undone Joyce followed Dora's example, quickly shedding her blouse and bra. Joyce was less endowed, exposing what appeared to be about 36B breast but very perky. Her nipples were also a delicate pink but much smaller than Dora's.

Not to be outdone Dora unfastened her skirt. Bruce's eyes were locked on her outrageous performance to see how far she was going to go. Dora's skirt to the floor revealing a translucent half-slip though which the outline of her sturdy legs up to her crotch was discernible.

She tugged the elasticized waistband down over her broad hips and allowed the slip to join her skirt in a pool around her ankles. She stepped out of her discarded clothes wearing only a well-filled pair of white silk panties and a smile. The bulge of Dora's bush was noticeable under her panties.

Joyce in the spirit of one-upmanship removed her flannel skirt and underwear also and stood totally naked before us. Joyce was shaven and her puffy pussy lips were tantalizing everyone's imagination. What treasures lay within those lips?

By now Bruce had a noticeable tent in his gabardine slacks. His right hand was in his pocket no doubt attempting to control his erection. 

"Would you like some help with that?" Dora brazenly asked looking directly at Bruce's predicament.

Bruce's face turned beet red.

"Tara, why don't you see if you can help him?" Dora said to my wife.

Tara was flabbergasted, as she did not know her workmates were capable of such vulgar behavior. The gin had relaxed he inhibitions enough to allow he to consider her next move.

What if she did suck Bruce's cock, was it such a big deal? It was all in the spirit of rebellious behavior and did not mean she had any secret desire to perform fellatio on her coworker.

Tara walked over to where Bruce stood and started to lower herself to her knees.

"Oh no, you must undress first!" Dora chastised.  

Did she expect Tara to reveal the body she has so painstakingly concealed from them for the past five years?

"C'mon Tara." Naked Joyce piped in.

Tara could see the look of eager anticipation in Bruce's eyes.

"Well O.K." she agreed in he alcohol clouded mind. 

Hesitantly she unbuttoned her blazer and took it off. Next she unfastened the row of buttons down the front of her white linen shirt. She opened her shirt to reveal a pink and white half-bra with delicate pink hearts lace trim. The top of the cups ended slightly above her nipples exposing a breathtaking décolleté. 

The bra was front-fastening and Tara squeezed the plastic clasp between her thumb and finger and felt the tension release. The bra popped open allowing her perfect 36C breasts to spill out.

Bruce's eyes almost popped out of his head as he stared at Tara's breasts, her chocolate brown button-nipples staring back at him.

Tara tossed her bra in the growing pile of female clothing on the floor and quickly dropped her skirt. She stepped out of her skirt wearing a very narrow pink thong, thigh-high black stockings suspended by a matching pink garter belt and five inch heels.

"This O.K.?" she asked.

Dora smiled her approval.

My almost naked wife dropped to her knees and fumbled with Bruce's zipper. She had no problem finding his swollen erection and pulled it out for all to see.

"Not very big." She thought as she lowered her mouth to take him into her head.

It had been a long time since Tara had a cock in her mouth. She thought it was a vulgar practice and not something nice girls would do. Now she had a relative stranger's penis in the mouth and everyone was waiting for her to make it ejaculate. Tara's lips sealed around his shaft, her lip-gloss making a crimson ring around its girth.

Her tongue investigated the foreign object occupying her mouth. It tasted not bad, she could feel it throbbing as the blood flowed though it. Her tongue went up over his helmet and she found it to be velvety soft and smooth. As the tip of her tongue trailed down the underside she felt his bulging urethra flanked by engorged veins. He right hand yanked the base of his cock in a milking action.

Tara had a mouthful of her coworker's cock and it wasn't so bad. Not considering that he may cum at any time she started working his cock in her mouth. Her tongue danced over his sensitive meat as she inhaled sinking her cheeks in to form a vacuum around his cock.

Bruce could hardly stand the ecstasy of my wife's mouth on his cock. He groaned softly as Tara went about her task. "Oh God, I'm gonna cum! Should cum in her mouth?" Bruce wondered. Before he could decide his load got away from him.

Tara was right into sucking Bruce's cock when the floodgates opened. Without warning strings of Bruce's salty cum were coating here teeth and tongue. The sticky goo begins accumulating in her mouth. In desperation she started to swallow.

The globs of slime slide down her throat like repulsive snails racing to her belly. 

"Oh my God," Tara thought, "I am drinking his sperm!"

The others watched as Tara's face twisted with disgust. 

"Oh shit, she swallowing!" Dora cried out.

Tara became the instant heroine of the small group. 

Tara quickly pulled her mouth from Bruce's ejaculating cock allowing the last dribble of cum to run from her chin and drip onto her bared breasts.

To Tara's surprise Dora was suddenly beside her, kissing her. Their tongues intertwined as the older woman scavenged the residual cum from Tara's mouth. Tara felt Dora's hand close gently on her left breast. 

Tara didn't understand what was happening. She felt her flimsy thong being tugged off down her long shapely legs and then she felt a mouth on her pussy!

She looked down to see the top of Joyce's head as her tongue explored Tara's pussy. Joyce penetrated Tara's closely cropped pubic hair and her tongue searched for my wife's clitoris. Tara gasped when Joyce found her little trigger and took it between her lips.

As she moaned with delight Dora's mouth closed around her left nipple.

Tara knew she was going to cum with her two female workmates exciting her body. She braced herself for what would be one of the most intense orgasms of her life.  

"Oh my God!" Tara writhed as the tremors caused her entire body to shake.

The small group of spectators watched while thousands of volts of sexual energy passed through Tara's body.

Tara came home that night totally exhausted. I run her a warm bubbly-bath and lovingly sponged her back sensing the mysterious mood she was in.

"Did you work hard tonight?" I asked her.

"You have no idea!" she smiled.