 Tara's heart raced when she heard the phone ring. Her fiancé had kissed her goodbye this morning and told her that a surprise of her dreams awaited her today. He told her that details would follow with a phone call at 10 a.m. At 9:59 the phone rang. "Hello" she answered cautiously. "Tara?" a deep, sultry female voice purred. "Yes, this is Tara...ummmm, who is this?"

"My name is Lacey, I work with your fiancé. I'm well...Tara, I'm your surprise."

"Huh?" Tara asked. Well I was in a meeting in your fiancé's office and I saw a picture of you. I commented on how beautiful you are. He knows that I am openly bi-sexual, and he told me that you are bi-curious. After telling me how you fantasized often about the touch of another woman, I suggested that I help out. I assure you, that your fiancé thinks without a doubt that I am physically your type. I'm 5'7". I am of Greek heritage, so I have waist length dark hair, wear a size six and a 34C cup size. My complexion is olive colored. My nipples are a dark brown, and I am running my thumb across my left nipple now, thinking of you and what we might share. 

Mmmmmm, my nipple is so hard and pointy. Are you interested Tara?" Tara's breathing had become deep and labored. 

"Yes" she whispered. 

"What are you wearing Tara?" Lacey inquired. 

"A white man's shirt, nothing else" Tara replied obediently.

"Niiiiice" Lacey purred. "Unbutton it and cup one of those beautiful creamy breasts into your hand" 

Tara obeyed. 

"Now suck on that luscious pink nipple..yes, that's it. Flick your tongue back and forth slowly" knowing that Tara was obliging her commands, Lacey continued. "Good lover, now shower and put on something satiny, skimpy and soft. I'll be there shortly. I don't want clothing to be in our way for too long. Then put on some sensuous music baby. I want to dance with you when I get there... and then I want to make your fantasies come true."

"Okay..bye" Tara whispered, nervous and excited all at the same time. Tara turned the shower on hot and sipped from a glass of champagne. She then shed her shirt and climbed in, lathering herself with her favorite pear scented soap. When the hot streams hit her nipples she moaned at the jolt of excitement it sent coursing through her body. 

"Dammmmmmnnnn," Tara moaned, "I can't believe my fantasy is about to come true. I don't know if I have the courage to go through with it" As she tossed back her long blond hair and arched her back, she began to lather her breasts. The sensation made her shiver and she felt a creamy dampness between her legs. She poured more soap into her hand and worked her way down her body to her pussy, paying special attention as she lathered the soap in. Her playful clit presented itself for attention, and she rolled it between her lathery fingers. 

"Soon baby, soon" she soothed her aching pussy, rinsing off to finish preparing. She realized that she would get through just fine. She sprayed pear scented lotion over her body and rubbed it in. She finished her champagne as she slipped into a pale yellow silk tank top and a matching yellow thong. She turned her blow-dried hair upside down and shook it back and forth. Standing up to admire herself in the mirror. Her hair look sexy and tousled, her eyes glazed over with sexual excitement. Her round pink nipples strained against the yellow silk, teasing her. 

She padded into the living room and put on and oldie, but a very sexy cd, Donna Summers, 'love to love ya baby.' Luckily the doorbell rang, because Tara was getting nervous. She took a deep breath and walked to the door. As she opened it her heart raced. Lacey did not lie. The most beautiful Greed Goddess stood before her, wrapped in a dark blue trench coat and spiked heels. "Hi lover" she purred in that low sexy voice. She took Tara's hand and led her inside. "MMMMM Donna Summer, good choice" Lacey then slowly unbuttoned her coat and removed it. 

Tara gasped when she saw that all Lacey was wearing was a flesh covered lace camisole that fell loosely at the bottom of the two roundest tits Tara had ever seen, and a flesh colored lace thong, with a triangle shape in front and a thin practically nonexistent string in back. Lacey's ass was round, firm and tan. It had a slight upward curve, compared to Tara's smaller, but still nicely rounded ass. Lacey walked over to Tara and kissed her softly on the lips. Tara began to breath in short gasps. Lacey then kneaded Tara's shoulders to help her relax. As she moved her hands up to run them through Tara's soft hair, she slowly, tentatively, stuck her tongue into her lover's mouth. Tara reciprocated and their tongues began to dance slowly together to the moaning sounds of the music. 

Following the lead of their tongues, the two women began to rub their breasts together, and sway to the music. Moving tighter together, as the song reached its peak. The feel of satin and lace, rubbing together against her nipples sent Tara to the point of no return. She knew she would see this through. She knew she must. "mmmmmmmmmmmmm" she moaned into Lacey's mouth. Lacey broke the kiss and stared into Tara's eyes. The music was no longer heard by either of them. Just the sound of their breathing.

"You like?" Lacey asked, rolling a nipple around between her thumb and forefinger. 

"Yes...I like" Tara smiled seductively. "Make love to me Lacey. Make my dreams come true" Tara took Lacey's hand and led her to the bedroom. Not sure what to do, she looked to Lacey for guidance. Lacey kissed her, backing her up towards the bed. When they reached it, she lay Tara down on the Satin bedspread. She rubbed her hands up and down the satiny fabric of Tara's camisole. Tara arched her back and moaned at Lacey's touch. Encouraged, Lacey removed it, as well as her own lace top. She leaned over and took one of Tara's pink nipples gently into her mouth.

"Ahhhhhhhh" Tara sighed. Lacey, lightly, gently worked the nipple from side to side, Tara squirmed with pleasure. "ewwwwwwwww, baby, it's better than I ever imagined." Lacey ran her other hand slowly down Tara's body, until she reached her pussy. She pressed the silky fabric of Tara's panties against her slit. Tara wiggled her hips in appreciation. Lacey teased her, running her hand softly up and down her slit through her panties. 

"Plllllllease" Tara begged, thrusting her pelvis up to meet Lacey's fingers. "Take them off. Please take my panties off"

"Shhhhhhhh" Lacey quieted her. "There's plenty of time. I want you to never forget this moment." She slid one finger inside of Tara's panties, and dipped it into her cream. She wiggled her finger around there slowly, just long enough to get it wet. Then she glided it up to Tara's clit and touched it lightly. Just barely.

"ummmmmmmmmm" Tara moaned, taking her hands and rubbing them on her breasts. "That feels so gooooood. Damn Lacey...Your touch is so soft, my clit is on fire" Lacey slowly began to run her finger under the tip of Tara's clit. "ahhhhhhh huhhhhhhhhhh" Tara sighed, clenching her ass cheeks. Lacey then slowly removed Tara's panties. This beautiful woman's soft gentle teasing was driving Tara crazy. Lacey continued to finger her lover. 

When she felt the tip of Tara's clit extend past her pussy she stared at it in awe. It was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen. She planted small kisses on Tara's nipples, alternately sucking and flicking her tongue, from one breast to the other, while she still played with her clit. Now rubbing her finger slowly around it in soft circles. "hmmmmmmmm, oooooooooooooo" Tara groaned as her body writhed in sexual pleasure. Lacey kissed her way slowly down her stomach, down her belly button. When she reached her pussy, she withdrew her finger and breathed hotly around Tara's love button, not yet touching it. 

"Laceyyyyy...Pllllease I need you...I need you to fuck me with your tongue. I need you to take my lesbian cherry. Pleassssse!!!!" Tara cried moving her pussy from side to side as Lacey's hot breath hit it. She ran her fingers through Lacey's thick soft black hair hoping to encourage her. Slowly, Lacey lowered her head closer, her breath stronger on Tara's clit. Then she softly kissed the area around it. Moving her head softly side to side. 

"unnnngggggggg" Tara murmured. Lacey then stuck her tongue softly out and flicked it slowly up and down Tara's clit, loving the way it felt going back and forth against her tongue. "mmmmmmmm, you taste sooooo goooood baby" Lacey moaned into her newfound lovers pussy. Unable to control herself any longer, she firmly planted her mouth against Tara's pussy and began to tongue her clit in slow soft circles. Round and around and around. 

Tara met her tongue by thrusting her pussy upwards. "Godddddddd, It's soooooo good" Tara moaned as she grasped the bedspread in her hands and tossed her head from side to side. "mmmmmmmmm" Lacey moaned. The vibrations of her voice as she did this tickled Tara's pussy, making her come even closer to the edge. 

"Yessssssssss" Tara screamed. "Yesssss Lacey, fuck me with your tongue. Lacey, inserted a finger into Tara's pussy as she licked her clit.

"Unggggggghhhh. God Lacey...Ohhhhhhhhhhh I'm going to cum... Laceeeeyyyy... I'm going to cummmmmm. I'm cummmmming. Angggggghhhhhhhhh." Lacey continued until the last shiver had subsided. Then she slowly removed her lace panties and climbed up on top of Tara and kissed her, Tara moaned to taste herself as Lacey kissed her gently. They began to rub their breasts together again. Tara reached over to the bedside table and grabbed a bottle of coconut oil that she kept there. She opened it and poured it between their two bodies. They rubbed together, the oil warming them as they rubbed the slickness together with their nipples. 

Tara poured some onto Lacey's beautiful rounded ass and began to massage it. Lacey kissed her harder and began to grind her pussy into Tara's. "ohhhhh myyyyyyy" Tara whispered in surprise. The feel of their clits rubbing together, made her hotter. Lacey's round ass moved in grinding beautiful circles. Tara mimicked her and rubbed her pussy upwards as Lacey's moved downwards. "Yesssss...Fuck me...Fuck me...Yesssssss. Grind your pussy into me...make me cum" Lacey groaned in her low, kittenish voice. "Mmmmmmmm...God Tara, you're beautiful...Baby...Ohhhhhhhh Tara, your pussy feels so good against mine. Our clits are rubbing together...can you feel it?"

"Yesssssss , Yesssssssss" Tara moaned, unable to say anything more. The pleasure was so intense. She dipped her head and slowly sucked one of Lacey's brown nipples into her mouth. "ahhhhhhhhhhh" Lacey sighed, moving her tit from side to side. She returned the favor to Tara, as their pussies continued to grind together. Tara looked over at the bedroom mirror and saw Lacey's olive colored ass, grinding in circles against her white skin. "ungggggggghhhhh " She moaned at the sheer beauty of seeing her body fucking another woman. They kissed and moaned and held each other tightly. They began to buck wildly against each other. Pussy meeting pussy, clit teasing clit. "ahhhhhhhhhhh., ahhhhhhhhhh." The two female voices cried out in unison. "I'm cummmmming Lacey...I'm going to cum...fuck me...oh fuckkkkkk."

"I'm cummming too Tara. Oh Tara...Oh Baby...Damnnnnnnnn. ahhhhhhhh. Ahhhhhhh... Unggggggggh". The two women rubbed together, their creamy female wetness intermingling. They kissed lazily as their orgasms subsided. "That was incredible" Tara breathed.

"That was nothing" Lacey smiled. "We still have to play with my toy" 

Tara looked at her quizzically, wondering what wonders lie ahead.