 I am writing this as a task for my Domme.

I straddle your thighs, just below your ass, so that when I lean forward to get closer to you I can feel your ass between my legs. I roll my hips into you as I press my bare chest against your back. My fingertips run from your shoulder, up your arm, and lace with yours. With my other hand, I tangle my fingers into your hair at the nape of your neck, combing it upward to expose the back of your neck. I lean down to kiss the back of your neck and notice the chills that run down your back as I do. I take my time placing kisses all over your shoulders, your sides, your ass, the backs and insides of your thighs. You're squirming under my touch by the time I reach the backs of your knees, but you wait patiently, knowing that I will eventually give you what you want. I kiss the back of your neck again and tell you to wait right there for me. 

When I return, I kneel between your legs. I wrap my arms around your waist and chest, pulling you up so that you're kneeling as well right in front of me. I pull you close so that your skin is as flush with mine as possible. You turn your head so that your lips catch mine. You reach your arm back and bury your hand into my hair, pulling me deeper into your lips. I hold on tight to your hips, pulling your ass into me. You gasp a quiet "oh" when you realize why I got up before, not expecting to feel the strap on I was now wearing sitting between your legs. I can't help but smile a bit at your surprise. 

My hand traces lines across the front of your body, up your sides to your neck, your collarbones, your chest. You arch your hips into my hand as it passes over them, involuntarily begging me to touch you, but I continue past them to trace lines up and down your thighs instead. When I can't wait any longer, I reach between your legs and quickly realize how wet you already are. You moan sighs of satisfaction and release as I start to rub your clit. Your moans grow louder as I continue, and you bite the back of your hand in attempt to quiet them. I grab your hand to pull it away from your mouth.

"Let it out. I love every sound you make when I'm touching you," I say into your ear. You smile into another kiss, moaning into my mouth and making me wet.

You grind your hips against my hand while I grind mine against your ass. I can feel the strap on rubbing between your legs, but not inside of you, teasing and collecting the beautiful taste of you as you become more and more wet, getting closer and closer to coming. When I feel you getting close, I grab a fistful of your hair to pull you into a kiss. The feeling of you moaning loudly against my lips makes me want to come right then with you, but I hold off, staying focused on you. I finally feel your release, your clit twitching under my fingers and your body shaking against mine. I hold you tight against me, letting you savor every second of it as I do the same. 

When you're done, all I can think about is how badly I want to taste you, but I know you need a moment to catch your breath before I can bury my face between your thighs. Luckily, I have another option that I don't have to wait for. I turn you around and pull you to the edge of the bed. I look down at the strap on and find it even more soaked in your wetness then I hope it would be. I pull it down over my hips, and then help you pull it up over yours. When I kneel on the floor between your legs and look up at you, you look down at me with a smirk, knowing what was coming next. I take the strap on in my mouth and start licking and sucking every taste of you off of it. Every so often, I look up at you to find your eyes fixed on me. You place your hand on my head, playing with my hair and pulling playfully. My hands run up and down your thighs, hips, and lower back.

When there's no more of you left to taste, I kiss all over your thighs then up your entire body as I pick myself up off my knees and climb into your lap facing you. We kiss again while you bite my lower lip and run your hands up and down my back. You kiss down my neck and, when I sit up straight, find my breasts conveniently at the same height as your face. I moan as you tease my nipples with your mouth. When I can't wait a moment longer, I lower myself onto the strap on, gasping loudly as I feel it inside of me. You hold onto my hips with one hand, stabilizing us against the bed with the other and my hands are holding onto your shoulders. You look down to watch my hips grind against you. I love watching your eyes smile at the sight of me riding you. Your hips meet the same pace as mine and I call out your name as you fuck me harder. 

I shove your chest so you're lying flat on your back now and continue to roll my hips against yours with my hands holding tight to your sides. I lean down, placing my hands on either side of your head. You lift your head and tease my nipples with your lips and tongue again. You make every inch of me feel so damn good and I just have to come for you.

"Please touch me. Make me come," I beg. 

You don't make me wait another second, giving into my want. You put your hand between my legs and rub my clit while continuing to fuck me. Your lips are all over my skin but I'm so overwhelmed with pleasure I can't even keep track of where they are. Finally, my legs are shaking as I come and I'm screaming your name as my pussy tightens around the strap on. You continue to fuck me through the orgasm until I can't take any more. I climb off of you and lay down beside you for a moment to catch my breath. As I do, I kiss you while I reach over to unfasten the strap on, because all I can think about right now is how badly I need to taste you again. I smile into our kiss as I put my hand between your thighs, pleased to feel how wet fucking me has made you.