 I fell asleep last night thinking about how when she touches me, my whole body tightens, from my jaw, down through my breasts, my nipples, then my belly and lower. Lower does more than tighten and arch, into her though, lower floods. Her hands can accidentally brush up against my nipple through my shirt, her teeth can find my neck, or just her palm can trace against the curve of my hip and I'm dying to have her sink inside of me. With anything. Her fingers, her silicone dick, her tongue, anything she's willing to slid into me. I trust those fingers, those lips, those dark, dark eyes. 

I see her and instinctively, my hands trace from her tattoos to where she's aching for my fingers. Of my body's own accord, I wake up, sucking on her heavily gauged nipples, thrusting my tongue through the ring, pressing against her hard nipples, drawing it against my teeth and biting. I go to sleep away from her now, dreaming about her fingers crawling up my thighs, and fucking into me as I sleep from behind, and I wake up wet and frustrated. 

Last night I dreamt of her tattooing me. I dreamed of watching her redraw my rough sketch of black tipped wings, gazing at her fingers as she worked out the outstretched wings, I need tattooed into the skin along my spine and shoulders. Skin she would keep flawless, at almost any cost. As I moved, thrashing, in my sleep, she gazed up at me, capturing me with that look I knows she reserves, for now, for me. That fuck-me-love-my-desire that she never hides. I curled my body around her, purring under her fingers as she occasionally left off, drawing a piece of my history, and would casually sink her talons into the pale expanse of my back, raking streaks of red down to my hips. She never made it to placing the sheets marked with my wings, along my body. I couldn't wait. As she completed the drawing, I had to have her. I dreamt her fucking me over and over and again and... Again. I had to have her inside of me, barely an hour before, and already, my second dream self of the night, ached to have her tongue back inside my mouth and her dick fucking me senseless. 

I tugged her down from her chair, onto my back on the bed, arching my body back, and my neck upwards and sideways, to slide my tongue deep into her mouth, meeting the pull of her teeth with my own. Her hands traced gently down the curve of my neck and shoulders, before digging her fingers deeply into my back and coming to rest at my hips again. Twisting up, I turned over between her legs and cupped her crotch with my left hand, as my tongue pulled her other nipple into the heat and teeth of my mouth. My breasts pressed up towards her, aching and straining to touch any part of her, delighting in that cold shiver that followed any contact with her heated body. 

As my fingers worked down into her pants, hers found their way onto my nipples and that twist and pull, shot straight down to my pussy, making it gush. I writhed underneath her, and thrust against my own hand, against her pelvis, now almost at the wet-hardness of her core. Not even inches away from fucking inside her. Almost. Almost. Not quite. 

THERE-- as my cool, slender fingers finally entered her, pushing, twisting, pulling, inside her, my thumb rested, just there inside her outer lips, making her buck and moan against my neck, as Anna Nalick crooned, low, in the background, "I'm taking these pills for to fill up my soul," just as I filled her up with my small fingers and tongue. My teeth and tongue on her neck, biting and "I'm drinking them down with cheap alcohol, and you'd be inclined to be mine for the taking, you're the catalyst." 

She is my fucking catalyst. I don't want to fuck anyone the way I want to own her. I never mark this hard, this intentionally, when I drive my body against another woman. I never want to be marked, bitten, scratched enough for blood to flow with a lover. My body groans and molds into her without any decision of my own. My fingers slide over and over her clit, in and in and in and then out of her, drawing something from deep within both of us to the surface, and as it hesitated there at the edge, seconds to falling over...

I woke up with my own too slender fingers deep inside my pussy, missing you, and inches away from coming in my sleep.