 Note: This is my first erotic fiction I have written so I'm new at this. Feel free to post advice and your opinions, thanks. :) 

*

I've never been one of the confident girls in my class, far from it, in fact. All through high school I had remained the quiet, introverted girl who sat alone in the library. By the time I'd reached eighteen, I had accepted my fate, I'd accepted that it wasn't going to change, and I was actually looking forward to leaving school and going to university. I was now in my final year of high school with only six months to go! 

My lack of self-confidence had always led me to believe that I was ugly, although many people told me I was far from it. I was naturally blonde, but more of a golden blonde than a platinum blonde, I was tall for a girl, only a few inches below 6ft. I had blue eyes with long, lush black lashes, and this is one asset I can admit to. I had always been pale skinned, lacking the gorgeous bronzed bodies most of the girls in my year did. I had smaller breasts than the rest of the girls too, also being a late developer, as they call it; I was only a B cup. I wasn't the skinniest girl either, but I wouldn't call myself fat. 

I had always idolised a girl in my class called Alesha Close, she was the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen. She had perfect naturally bronzed skin, gorgeous mahogany coloured hair that cascaded down her back, but, to my disappointment, she usually wore it up in a loose bun. She had a slender toned body and B cup breasts, I'm guessing. She had long, lush black eyelashes that any girl would kill for, including me. 

I was not a lesbian, but for this girl I was extremely curious. I often fantasised about her when I fingered myself in the privacy of my room. Sometimes I would treat myself to one of my toys from my secret stash I kept hidden from my mum and pretend it was her who was using it on me. Since her arrival at school I had, more often than not, fantasised about other girls and women. 

One day, while I was checking up on my Facebook account, I saw a message pop up. It was from Alesha Close. My heart began to race and my palms began to sweat. Was this a mistake? Surely she was meant to inbox somebody else, not me? I hesitantly clicked on the chat box to see her message:

Alesha Close: Hey. ;)

My heart was beating wildly as I noticed she added a winky face. Surely this was meant for one of the many guys she left desperately begging at her feet? Although my mind was clouded with doubt, I shyly replied, not returning the winky face just in case:

Alex Price: Hey. :)

I waited a few moments, waiting for her to say she inboxed the wrong person. A minute passed and I was about to log off when I saw the box pop up again:

Alesha Close: How are you? ;)

I could hear my heart thumping loudly and felt my palms begin to grow sweaty with anticipation. I racked my brain for suitable responses to reply with and settled with the generic phrase:

Alex Price: Good, thanks. You? :)

Still not daring to use a winky face. My heart was now thumping wildly as I eagerly waited for her reply...

Alesha Close: I'm good too, thanks. ;)

A few seconds later:

Alesha Close: You're in my science class, right?

Alex Price: Yeah, and your math, English, gym and history.

I could really go on from there but I didn't want to sound too creepy...

Alesha Close: Oh yeah. :)

Alesha Close: Well, I just wanted to ask you if you wanted to come to this club on Friday with me and some friends? ;)

I was stunned. Alesha had never even spoken to me before, and now she wanted me to go out with her and some friends? For about a minute I sat motionless in my computer chair. Could this be a joke? I sat there for about five minutes thinking of reasons she'd ask me this. Then I saw the little chat box again:

Alesha Close: You there?

Alex Price: Yeah.

Alesha Close: So, yes or no? 

This was too much of an opportunity to pass up. It was a chance for popularity, something I'd never tasted, and most of all, a chance for Alesha, something I'd also never tasted. I quickly shoved the last thought out of my head, Alesha wasn't a lesbian, and I could never have her...

Alex Price: Okay, when and where?

Alesha Close: I'll pick you up after school on Friday, wait at the front gate, and don't be late. ;)

Before I had a chance to reply, she had already logged off. To my surprise, I felt my panties growing wet at the thought of Alesha and I being in a car alone together. I tried to brush the dirty thoughts from my mind but just gave up to my desires, my parents weren't home anyway. I slid my hand down into my panties and rubbed my moist clit. In minutes I was biting down on my lip as an intense orgasm rocked my body, I wasn't really a screamer, but I let out a little squeal anyway as nobody was around to hear me. 

The next two days passed painfully slowly, giving me too much time to fret over what was going to happen on Friday. I let my fantasies run wild at night and my fingers too. Finally, Friday came, and at the end of the day a rushed out of the class and made it to the front gate before the first person even walked out the classroom. I'd picked my best outfit for meeting Alesha; a cute sundress with tights and boots. It looked surprisingly fashionable compared to the jeans and tee I usually wear. I even wore extra pretty lingerie; a lacy white bra and panties with little pink polka dots. I was feeling unusually sexy today.

I waited patiently at the school gates for Alesha. I was waiting for at least ten minutes until I saw her car pull up beside the pavement.

"Come on then Alex, get in!" Alesha shouted out the car window. 

I hurriedly got in the passenger seat and looked back to see that there was nobody else in the car. I sat there, awkwardly, waiting for Alesha to explain or just talk, anything! She drove in silence until she reached a part of town I didn't recognise. She glanced at me a few times but never spoke until we pulled over at the side of the road.

"Do you know why you're here with me now, Alex?" Alesha asked, her beautiful brown eyes staring into mine.

"No." I replied awkwardly, not meeting her gaze.

"You are here because I need a new slave, Alex." She said, her eyes still fixed on me.

"Um...what do you mean?" I replied, faking uncertainty, but really, all my fantasies were coming true.

"I chose you because you're different, Alex. You're someone I haven't already figured out, it will be fun for me to completely dominate you, and that is what I plant to do." Her eyes moved from my face to my dress, then to my nylon covered legs and to my boots. "You want this Alex, and tonight is going to be your first test. You will have to complete ten tests before I will allow you to completely submit to me, but before that, you will have to prove if you're even worthy of my time.". She placed her hand between my thighs, moving it slightly under the soft material of the dress. "Have you ever pleased a girl before, my slave-to-be?" 

"N-n-no," I stuttered, astonished at how fast this was going.

"Don't worry, now will be your first lesson, concentrate on what I do." She moved her hand under my dress further and seemed annoyed to find that I was wearing tights and not stockings. "You'll have to wear stockings in the future, my slave," she said, gently pulling the down to my knees, and then letting them shimmy to my ankles. 

It was awkward trying to get the tights off in the car but she managed it. I wasn't sure if I wanted to do this, I was a virgin and I'd never even kissed a boy, never mind a girl! I thought I'd be lucky to get even a kiss from this girl, and now I was about to be dominated by her! It was so overwhelming and I was about to back out until I felt her hand pulling my panties aside. Her fingers brushed my slit and I could feel myself getting wet in anticipation. Her finger slowly brushed up and down my slit as my breathing quickened and my heart began to race. Her finger slid in between my pussy lips and spread them apart, revealing my moist and swollen clit. I moaned as she gently massaged my small pink bead in between her fingers and I watched as my juices began leaking out of my aroused vagina. 

She took her fingers out and reclined my chair back. I wondered what she was doing until she got onto the floor of the car and buried her head between my legs. I let out a gasp as I felt her hot tounge running up and down my slit, sometimes pushing in between my pussy lips. Her fingers moved up to spread apart my lips to reveal my swollen clit and my wetness that spread with every touch over her tongue. Her hot breath against my clit made me moan loudly. She took my clit inbetween her lips and rolled it, as her warm tongue flicked it lightly. When my body gave a shudder she must have known I was going to cum soon, because she smiled up at me, my cum coating her lips, and took my whole clit in her mouth and sucked on it hard. She drove one of her fingers into my vagina and finger fucked me. Just as I was about to cum, she took her fingers out and began to gently lick my clit again. She moved her wet fingers up past my pussy entrance to my ass, but didn't put her fingers in. Instead she gently rubbed just between my asshole and my vagina and I felt a ticklish sensation building up there. The combination of tickling and licking my clit made me cum hard and I let out a small squeal and my breathing came in short light gasps. Just as I recovered breathing, little aftershocks made me lose my breath again and I had to bite my lip and dig my fingernails into the car seat to stop myself screaming and moaning with pleasure.

"Yes, cum for your new mistress, my slave," purred Alesha, her head still buried inbetween my legs, licking up my cum and sending little shocks down my body by gently kissing my clit and tickling my pussy. 

I leaned my head back on the headrest as she continued to kiss my clit and tickle my pussy. I was still gasping for breath with my tights and panties around my ankles when I heard the engine come on and saw the scenery outside passing my window.

"So I take that as a yes then?" Alesha laughed, and I think I moaned something in reply, still recovering from an orgasm that my own fingers could never have given me...

Read chapter two to find out what Alesha has in store for Alex. And please leave any comments of advice or anything really, thanks for reading! :)