 Tatianna woke with a start; something was wrong. The candles in her family's quarters had burned low, but there should still be more light than that. There was a darkness at the foot of her bed, blocking the candlelight from reaching all the way into the alcove where she slept. The darkness moved slowly toward her.

Summoning nerve, Tatianna called out, "Who's there?" Her voice sounded steadier than she felt. Sounds of the late night revelry at which her parents were serving dribbled downward faintly.

Stepping closer, the shadowy mass at the foot of her bed revealed itself to be a cloaked and hooded person, someone who had somehow gained access to her family's billet without making a sound.

"Don't come any closer," Tatianna mustered, her voice unsteady. She sat up, hugging her thick furs and sheets around her. "I'll scream!" 

The approaching figure slid back the cloak's hood slowly. "Are you sure?"

Tatianna's breath caught. This was impossible! "P ... Princess, what are you --?"

It was indeed Princess Maria. Tatianna could have recreated every detail of this extraordinarily beautiful girl's features: her high cheekbones; full, pouty lips beneath eyes the color of mountain ice; gleaming black hair that fell past her shoulders uncurled, the way royalty's should. As Tatianna had matured into her twenty years here at the palace, she had ever more frequently woken up with images of Maria's intense, glacial eyes boring into her. 

Yet this was no dream.

The Princess stepped closer, her eyes glinting where a stray beam of candlelight caught them. "I know why I came here," she admitted. "But now I'm not so sure." She blinked uncertainly. Tatianna could have drowned in her intense gaze.

"I thought I was dreaming!" Tatianna said, not sure about what was going on. 

The Princess looked up. "I've been ... dreaming ... about you for years," she admitted slowly, her voice almost breaking. "In my ... dreams ... your almond eyes never leave me. Your luscious red hair always smells of lavender ... in my dreams."

Tatianna's world began to narrow as her pulse raced. The Princess was dreaming about her mousy red curls? Did she just call her narrow, squinting eyes almond shaped? Tatianna's heart threatened to pound out through her chest. She fumbled for a reply, but it was as if someone had scooped out her brains and replaced them with chicken poop.

"May I join you?" the Princess asked, her eyes locked on Tatianna's. As she spoke she undid the tie that held her cloak shut. In a swift, smooth motion, Maria let the cloak slide to the cold, stone floor. Tatianna gasped.

The Princess stood on the stone floor, naked. Soft candlelight threw gentle shadows upon her smooth, pale skin shivering in the cold. Her shoulders were narrower than she would have thought, but beneath them ... beneath them two firm, pear shaped breasts swung. At their tips large, pale nipples began slowly firming in the cold air. The Princess's flat belly and tiny waist flared gently into small hips and long legs; between them lay a thick bush of black pubic hair. Her gorgeous navel was adorned with a golden chain that held a multitude of tiny, colorful gems.

Tatianna was suddenly conscious of her own inadequate nakedness under the sheets: broad shoulders that supported tiny, shapeless breasts; belly and waist that appeared to be one; angular, jutting hips that flared suddenly over thick, stumpy legs. She was an ugly duckling compared to the perfection that was Princess Maria. Tatianna was awestruck, utterly incapable of completing a coherent thought.

"I'll take that as a yes," said the Princess, suddenly moving swiftly to get herself under the covers. "It's cold out here!" she added. As she climbed in, a hint of jasmine fell about Tatianna. The scent, combined with the sudden, welcome heat of Maria's body, ignited something deep inside her.

"It's me that's been dreaming about you, Princess," Tatianna admitted, still shocked to her core that this was no dream. "I've been watching you for years, believing you thought me just an invisible servant."

"I've caught you staring at me many times," said the Princess, her voice full of mirth and wonder. "But I've stared back all the harder, I think, when you weren't looking. I've had a burning desire to ... to be ... close to you, to smell your hair, get the scent of your clothes, since I was a little girl. You're so wild, and beautiful."

Tatianna's ears burned. "I've had dreams where you are running through a meadow, and I am ... I am the wind that is all around you, as you laugh and play in the tall grasses. As the wind I can caress you ... wherever ... in ways that no one else can ... " She was glad the darkness of her sleeping alcove hid her furious blushing. "You think I'm beautiful, Princess?"

"I don't even know how to describe my feelings," the Princess continued, her voice husky. "You're so beautiful something inside me aches when I contemplate you. I knew that if I didn't feel your hot skin near me soon, I would burst like a seed withering under too much sunlight." 

They lay facing each other on Tatianna's pillows, the rest of their bodies covered by thick furs and sheets. As she spoke the Princess slowly ran her fingers through Tatianna's hair. Maria's shadowed head, silhouetted by the faint candlelight behind her, smelled of jasmine and rose and other things Tatianna had never known.

Suddenly the Princess rolled over. As her warm, naked back snuggled into her, strange jolts of heat began waking within Tatianna. She had never felt anything remotely like them, but that didn't make them unwelcome. She breathed deep the scent of the Princess's black hair, and allowed herself to relax. "Tatianna," said the Princess, "Hold me. And don't call me Princess."

"All right ... Maria," Tatianna agreed, feeling odd that the forbidden familiarity with the royal title should evoke such a strong feeling of guilt, when their naked snuggling didn't. She laid her arm over Maria, pressed her close. Maria moaned softly.

They lay there, listening to the sounds of the feast ebb and flood above them. After what seemed an eternity of bliss and warmth and all things good, Maria said, quietly, as though she were ashamed, "I ... I want to kiss you." She rolled over to face her. Her black hair hid her face.

"I don't know how," Tatianna said, as though from deep within a dream. 

"Me neither," admitted Maria. "What do you think, I've been practicing on the sheep?" They giggled.

"Come here, my little sheep," Maria urged. "I think it goes something like this ... " They embraced as close as they could, their arms going around each other. Tatianna could feel herself pressed up against the heat of Maria's breasts, could feel the warmth of her belly, her toes. Maria's belly button chain dangled coldly against them both. 

Tatianna could feel Maria's hot breath as the Princess brought her lips to Tatianna's. As they brought their lips together, her brain shouted out exultantly that she was kissing! -- and kissing Princess Maria, no less, the subject of her most secret desires for years. 

They pushed their lips together for a while, somewhat awkwardly thought Tatianna, but getting used to each other's presence. Kissing was certainly the most fun she had ever had, but she didn't think they were getting it quite right. If this pressing close of their lips was what everyone always ran off to do, well, she thought it wasn't all that exciting. 

Then Maria's tongue darted quickly into her mouth, past her parted lips, almost by accident. Tatianna gasped in surprise and pleasure. "Do that ... do that again," she urged softly, her whole face grinning. Jolts of heat flashed through her body.

"What did it feel like?" Maria wanted to know. Her breath was close, and hot.

"Just do it again," Tatianna urged impatiently, not sure if it was a one-time feeling she might never experience again. 

Her dark hair a mask of shadow, Maria slid her warm, moist tongue between Tatianna's lips and ... lingered. As her hot tongue explored Tatianna's mouth, and tongue, and teeth, she thought she might explode in delight. The feeling that grew inside her was too strong to contain; she moaned aloud in pleasure, closing her eyes.

Long moments later it occurred to her that she could explore Maria's mouth while the Princess was exploring hers. As her tongue slid past Maria's moist lips, they both moaned involuntarily. Tatianna thought it was the most beautiful sound she had ever heard. They shoved and slid their probing, wet tongues into each other's mouths; they flicked, teasingly, evoking pleasure and delights neither had imagined existed.

"Oh my Gods," Maria breathed a long while later, when they rested their wet faces against each other for a moment. "Now I understand why the servant girls keep vanishing when the cute stableboys come in for their meals. I'm ... Are you wet between your legs too?" 

Tatianna nodded in the darkness, awash in these new and delightful pleasures.

Maria moved on top of her, her heavy breasts swinging just above Tatianna's chest. Tatianna could feel the hairs from the Princess's black bush lightly brush her legs, as she straddled her. The sensation was delightful. It seemed to her that if she got any wetter between her legs she might actually begin leaking out onto the mattress, but all that mattered was these moments under the furs with her raven haired Princess.

Maria's hands stroked her neck, while her tongue darted into Tatianna's mouth playfully. Then the Princess moved her hands lower, stroking Tatianna's shoulders lovingly, before slowly converging on her breasts. Maria lightly stroked Tatianna's nipples, eliciting a whimper from her. Her touch tickled, and yet ... not in ways she was used to. This tickling drew on something deeper within her, something exciting. She gasped.

"That good, huh?" the Princess wondered. "Prepare yourself," Maria said, as she dropped her face to Tatianna's nipples. Jolts of heat and pleasure shuddered through her as the Princess lightly flicked her swiftly firming nipples with her hot, wet tongue. Tatianna groaned, "Oh Gods," and felt her fists clenching against the sheets. How was it possible that every few moments could bring a whole new world of feelings and delights?

In a sudden blending of desire and confidence that was wholly foreign to Tatianna, she moved her hands down Maria's back, digging in her fingernails slightly. The Princess groaned and trembled. "Uhmm ...!" she whimpered pleasurably, adding, "Now the beast has awoken!" They giggled, and the Princess gasped as Tatianna dug her nails in a little harder this time. "If you keep doing that I might never leave ... "

Maria's hand moved lower down Tatianna's body. "You're so beautiful and perfect I just want to eat you up!" Tatianna felt the Princess's hand slide down past her breasts, down her belly, in a slow, lingering arc. As Maria's hand reached the thin, red bush between Tatianna's legs, she paused. The Princess lovingly kissed her, and then gently pushed her hand between Tatianna's legs. 

Raw heat jolted through Tatianna's abdomen like lightning borne on wings of desire. She gasped and whimpered, her eyes going wide with the shock of such hot pleasure coursing through her veins for the first time. Involuntarily her fingernails dug into the Princess's back, drawing a wince of surprise from her. But she kept her still hand between Tatianna's legs.

"If you keep doing that," Tatianna whispered urgently, "I'll not let you leave!" Maria's hand moved lower, pushing between her thighs. 

"Gods, you're wet!" she exclaimed delightedly, moving off her legs so that she could pull her knees apart slightly. In wonder, the Princess began sliding a wet finger up and down through Tatianna's sopping lips. "I've woken up so many dark nights just this wet, with an image of my wild red-haired servant girl between my legs." She sighed longingly.

"How do you mean, between your legs?" Tatianna wondered.

"I'm not sure, exactly," the Princess admitted frankly, still gently sliding her finger up and down through Tatianna's moist, swollen pussy lips. "I see your face between my legs, and a great feeling of contentment and ... satisfaction drapes itself over me."

In another uncharacteristic fit of confidence, Tatianna slowly sat up and pushed the Princess down on her pillow. She did not resist. Her heavy, pale breasts jiggled gently as she settled herself. The Princess gazed up at her expectantly.

Her black hair fanned chaotically about her head like the mane of a wild mare, Maria was a vision of perfection, to Tatianna. Her chest ached with the power of the feelings she felt for the Princess at that moment. She wanted to consume her, blend with her somehow, but she could give these strange feelings no voice. 

In a silence borne of awe, she gently straddled the Princess the way she had straddled her; her hands hesitatingly explored Maria's breasts. The Princess grabbed her arm, and whispered, "Squeeze them. Hard."

As Tatianna did so, Maria moaned and writhed under her. Long moments passed while Tatianna lovingly massaged the Princess's heavy breasts. Maria's own hands roamed freely across Tatianna's smaller breasts, squeezing and shoving. Tatianna whimpered and gasped.

They kissed, allowing themselves to linger this time, to explore each other's mouths without the burning need of newness driving them. Tatianna could feel the wetness that soaked her thighs growing ever slicker. The Princess grabbed the back of Tatianna's head, held her face in place as they kissed. Tatianna thought she might burst, but could only gasp and moan into Maria's hot mouth.

As Tatianna parted her lips to lower them to Maria's breasts, the Princess shoved her chest upward, guiding a nipple forcefully into Tatianna's hot mouth. As Tatianna licked and sucked Maria's firm nipple, they both lost themselves in moans of desire, and submission. Tatianna moved from one firm, heavy breast to the other, to groans of pleasure from the Princess.

Maria held Tatianna's head in place on her breast until her moans of pleasure became gasps. "Stop," she suddenly urged, "My nipple is too sensitive."

Tatianna slid downward, pushing Maria's legs apart, moving her probing tongue lower. The Princess's knees went up, turning the furs about them into a smoldering oven that threatened to burn them with the heat of their own lust. Tatianna's tongue darted past Maria's navel jewelry, into her belly button's deep reaches. The Princess gasped in delight, throwing her knees up even higher, and shoving Tatianna's face into her belly.

"Umm, yeah," she moaned, "Keep licking my belly ... that feels so good!" Tatianna licked until her hot wet saliva covered Maria's belly and upper abdomen. Then she licked her way back up to the Princess's breasts and licked all around them, without going near the nipples. Maria writhed under her, consumed in delight. Her hands gripped the sheets tightly.

As Tatianna continued her exploration, she found her face between Maria's legs, just above her luscious black bush of pubic hair. The Princess's intoxicating, cedary musk was thick about her. The same slickness that was all over her own thighs also covered Maria's.

"Sort of like this?" Tatianna asked teasingly, meaning the dreams Maria had about her. She wasn't quite sure what else to do, but she felt so intense she thought she might choose to stay in this happy moment forever, if it were possible.

"Oh Gods, yes," the Princess whispered urgently. It sounded to Tatianna as though Maria was bracing herself for something. "Lick me," the Princess urged desperately. "Please ... lick me." As she spoke, her hips came up off the bed in urgent need. Maria's hands were on the back of her head, pushing Tatianna's face down into her wetness. Her legs were as far apart as they could go.

Lost in a chaos of delight and pleasure, Tatianna moved her lips down and down, onto the slickness between Maria's legs. Pushing gently forward through wet pubic hair, she allowed her tongue to flick out in a soft, quick probe. She tasted salt, and heat, felt a heat of her own begin slowly spreading through her groin.

The Princess bucked, her back arching upward. "Urmm ...!" she groaned in confusion and pleasure. "Wha ... what are you --?" Her tightening legs threatened to crush Tatianna if she didn't take swift action to hold Maria's thighs apart. The Princess groaned and gasped, her hands suddenly thrown out to her sides.

Tatianna was stunned by the Princess's fascinating reaction, but not too stunned to stop what she was doing. Suddenly determined to explore this wonder, she pushed her wet tongue between Maria's lips, moved it up and down, from side to side. Above her tongue, Maria's pale, flat belly tensed. The sight sent shudders through Tatianna.

The Princess moaned and shuddered, and again Tatianna had to hold her legs apart.

Eventually she moved her tongue upward, to the top of Maria's salty lips, right where her beautiful, black bush began to fan out. Playfully she flicked the firm little nub she found there. In response, the Princess clenched her legs and her teeth, threatened to lift them both off the bed as every muscle in her body tensed. A noise halfway between scream and groan shattered the relative still of Tatianna's living quarters. Maria shuddered and tensed; shuddered and tensed. Her breath came in gasps and pants as her whole body wrenched in some exquisite agony.

Suddenly the Princess's hands were on the back of Tatianna's head again, shoving her face tightly up into her soaking pussy. "Oh Gods, keep ... keep licking, Tatianna, please ... keep ...!" Maria writhed and squirmed, tensed and moaned. Tatianna could barely breathe, the Princess was shoving her face between her legs so tightly.

She was impressed. "I want to try that," she joked bravely, while the Princess still shuddered with every probing flick of her tongue. "Whatever it is." Tatianna wondered about it for a moment, and then decided there might be a way. But what if Maria decided she was too assuming, too forward? After all, Maria was a Princess, while Tatianna would always be a simple servant girl.

Tatianna thought it was weird and funny that she would be worried about being too forward with Maria, while Tatianna had her tongue buried deep in Maria's privates. 

Tatianna recalled her adventurous tongue, allowing the Princess to catch her breath. "Don't move," she called out softly.

She climbed up and over, gently settling herself in around the Princess's shadowed face. Tatianna heard a delighted gasp.

As she bent down to keep licking Maria's salty wetness, she drew the disshelved furs about them, to trap the welcome warmth. "Lick me the way I licked you," she urged the Princess, throwing all caution aside. 

As if she had been waiting for such a request, Maria dug her nails into Tatianna's ass, and shoved her face upward as far as it would go. The Princess's hot tongue flicked, slid, probed; her nails tightened, unleashing even more intense feelings of desire in Tatianna.

As lightning jolted through her, Tatianna slammed her face into Maria's groin and grabbed her sweet round ass, to keep from being bucked off by her own spasm of delight. Wave after wave of pleasure bore her to ever loftier heights of delight, and yet grew more intense with every spasm. Through it all she guided her hot tongue back and forth through the Princess's pussy lips, and over the sensitive nub at the top. Maria tried to buck her off, but Tatianna's weight had her held firmly in place. Their moans became screams.

Time slowed.

In wild abandon they drove their pussies into each other's faces, each screaming and grunting, gasping and pawing. Tatianna could not tell where her face stopped, and the Princess's pussy began; she didn't care: her world had contracted to the heavy, intoxicating scent between Maria's willing, wide-open thighs. All she wanted was to keep hearing the Princess scream her lusty need for her, and to roar out her own to Maria.
