 Two things were true about Cassandra Smith. She was undoubtedly one of the most dedicated professors on campus. And she had a tendency to fantasize about female students, much to her own dismay.

She'd proudly admit to the first. The second? She'd never tell another soul. Ever.

Her life took a striking turn mid-semester after a European History 205 class. She shut off the slide projector and brought the classroom lights back up, delivering parting words along with a reminder of next week's homework assignment.

It was the usual routine whenever class ended. She hung around by her desk while the 50-odd students headed towards the door. Some said 'bye' to her. A few would ask questions. Most went about their day, walking or hurrying away, depending on how the lecture went.

The crowd disappeared, however Lauren McMilton hung around.

"Professor Smith," Lauren said, adjusting the bag around her shoulder with her school supplies in it. "Loved the lecture."

Cassandra gave a brief smile. She'd heard it all. While she appreciated every comment about her teaching style, the praise had become banal after doing this for nearly 15 years.

"Thanks. There's more next week. And plenty more after that."

Lauren nodded. "Which is exactly what I wanted to talk to you about. Here, I have something for you."

The student reached in her bag and handed the teacher a flyer.

"What's this?" Cassandra asked. 

"An invitation. I'm a member of the Art Club. We're holding an exhibit on Wednesday the 30th, at 6 pm. I'd like you to come."

The professor glanced at the invitation again. "Well thank you. I should be free that night. I'd love to come."

"Great. But there's something else I wanted to ask you. You seem like an expert on European artwork. Maybe expert is not the right word, but you know a lot about it."

"Oh, there are plenty of other professors on campus more qualified to discuss artwork from this time period. I can refer you to them if you'd like."

"Actually, I'd be more comfortable asking you this," Lauren said.

"Oh, okay."

"Because, well, you're a woman. Sounds weird now, but you'll totally get it once you see what I'm talking about."

A stirring comment. Cassandra wondered what this was about. What gender had to do with anything. And why Lauren was nearly blushing.

"Understood. What's your question?" the professor asked.

"Would you come see my artwork? I'd love to get your feedback before the exhibit. I think you have great insight."

"And where would this take place?"

"On campus," Lauren replied. "In the art building. We have a place where we can work and store our projects."

"That sounds doable. But I still don't understand why you'd want me. Professor Keating is a genius when it comes to early European style..."

Lauren blushed hard and cut the professor off. "I think it's better if I showed you. Are you free Monday around 10 or 11?"

"I can be there around 11:30 after my morning class ends. I'd enjoy seeing what you and the other art students are up to."

Lauren's blushing morphed in a light smile. "I will see you then Professor Smith. Have a good weekend."

"You too, Lauren."

***

As soon as her student had departed, Cassandra returned to her office and opened the university's main website on her laptop. It only took a moment to locate the section for the Art Club. In addition to the list of members and pictures of student-created art, there was also a link to the club's Facebook page.

She followed the link and browsed through the posted photos. On one of them, she saw that Lauren had left a comment. Clicking on her student's name, Cassandra sat back in awe when the personal page loaded. Lauren was a natural beauty, whether she dressed casually or was dolled up. But she was even more stunning with her long hair curled around her face in the profile picture. It reminded Cassandra of the sun on a summer day. 

There was a photo album titled 'Art,' which Cassandra clicked on. Among sculptures and other mediums were several nude paintings which seemed to have been made in the Life Art class on campus. All of the images were nicely done, not to mention stirring. 

Cassandra gulped. Was this the reason Lauren had insisted on a female professor seeing her work? But why did she want her specifically?

***

The weekend moved fast with preparing the upcoming lesson plans and visiting with a few close friends. It was Monday morning before she'd realized it. When her class finished, Cassandra headed over to the second-floor studio of the Creative Arts building, where she found Lauren and another student working on their projects for the upcoming exhibition. 

Cassandra greeted both students and asked them about their pieces. The brown-haired boy's abstract sculpture of two birds in flight was impressive. As was Lauren's painting of a sunset over the ocean that looked like the water was on fire. Cassandra commended them both for their efforts. It wasn't until the boy said he had to get to his next class that she realized why Lauren had requested this particular time. It was just the two of them now.

"Here's what I wanted to show you," Lauren said, heading over to a private compartment to pull out a canvas and lay it on the table.

The painting showed a strong degree of technical skill in the lines and colors used. It was of a reclined, naked body from the shoulders to the waist with the woman's arms posed behind her.

It reminded Cassandra of the artwork photos she'd seen on Lauren's Facebook page. Could this be another self-portrait?

While possibly not the intended focal point of the piece, her eyes were drawn to the subject's breasts. They were small and pert with dainty pink nipples. She found arousal spiking within the longer she studied at them, hoping they were in fact a representation of the artist's.

Lauren continued, "I'm thinking of including this in the exhibit."

"Why wouldn't you? It's absolutely gorgeous. Consider me impressed."

"Thanks, but does it look historical enough? I'd like all of my entries to represent different periods of European art. I'm not so sure that this one would fit in the post-modern era."

Cassandra pondered the question. "As a teacher, I probably shouldn't be saying this, but I don't think anyone is going to debate if it represents the correct time period. I wouldn't worry about it."

"It matters to me," Lauren frowned, a rare look from her.

What a meticulous student, Cassandra thought. She respected that. You don't see too much of that these days, especially when it came to the intricacies of centuries-old art.

So, the professor took a closer look at the nude portrait and gave a quick rundown of how it could be better suited to fit that particular time period. All the while, Lauren listened attentively and hung on every word.

"That's about all I've got," Professor Smith concluded. "But that's just the basics. Like I said, if you want real expertise on art, you should try asking Professor Keating. But, I can see why you didn't."

"Yeah, it would be weird to randomly show a male professor a portrait of my naked breasts. He'd think I was seducing him or something."

Cassandra felt her eyebrows rise at the possible inadvertent admission.

Lauren must have noticed because she said, "Oh, so it wasn't obvious that I'm the model in that piece?"

"I had my suspicions. The hair in the painting matches yours. So does the shape of the shoulders. As for the rest, well, I wouldn't have known."

Lauren blushed. "You're right. There's no way you could have known the shape of my small boobs or the color of my nipples."

Despite the blush on her cheeks, there was a playfulness in Lauren's voice that suggested she wasn't at all bashful about this topic, and that made Cassandra feel uncomfortable in the best way possible.

The same spark of arousal Cassandra had felt while looking at the photos on Lauren's Facebook page returned. She suppressed a moan, forcing her lips to remain closed, although she wanted to lick them. 

"I really should be going," the teacher said. "I need to grab lunch before my afternoon class, and I'm sure you'd like to finish."

"Oh, okay. I hope I didn't scare you off. It's just, I didn't think you'd mind since you show nude artwork all the time in class."

"I'm not easily scared away by nudity."

"But?"

She gave her student a curt smile. "Lunch."

The light in Lauren's eyes dimmed, and her lips pressed together. "Okay, got it."

Lauren naturally had an expressive face, and she didn't bother to hide her disappointment. 

"You're talented," Cassandra added to ease the blow. "You really are. Keep up the good work. I'd love to attend the exhibition."

A hint of that smile returned when Lauren nodded. "Thanks Professor Smith. You're the best."

Cassandra had a wealth of experience with students after teaching for so long. She was crafty enough to deal with pretty much anything that came her way. But this? A beautiful, young student who had shown her a nude portrait? How could she even begin to tackle it? Or come to terms with the longing she felt inside?

Every moral and professional fiber in Cassandra's body told her to walk away and go have lunch. She had done her part. She had given advice. And she had been beyond supportive. Yet, it couldn't end like this. 

Lauren was a sweetheart and her feelings were hurt. There was no way any respectable teacher could leave a student feeling rejected after having bared herself. Both literally and figuratively.

At least that was how Cassandra tried to justify her change of mind.

"You look a little tired," Cassandra noted. "A lot of students have that look around finals. Care to join me for lunch? I'm buying."

"I can't. I really need to finish up."

"You eat lunch, don't you?"

Lauren's eyes brightened. "Fine, but only if I get to pick the spot."

"What do you mean?"

"You buy lunch. I'll take us to a nice place on campus where we can eat. It's a fair trade if you ask me."

"Sounds like a deal," the professor replied. "This place better be worth it."

"Wait and see. Wait and see."

***

After Lauren put her stuff away, they went down to the school cafeteria and grabbed some chicken and pesto sandwiches along with drinks. Lauren led the way up the stairs of the student services building to the rooftop. 

There were seats up there that allowed a pretty view of the buildings and trees on campus. To their luck, no one else was around.

"You weren't kidding about this spot," Cassandra said, unwrapping her food.

"I like to joke about a lot of things, but not this."

They ate, enjoyed the scenery of the campus, and talked briefly about themselves to get to know each other a little better.

Normally such pleasantries would have made for a wonderful meal, giving a peaceful feeling to Cassandra as she got to know a student on a deeper level.

Not this time. A question lingered. No matter how hard she tried to push it away- no matter what they talked about- Cassandra's thoughts yearned to remain on the old subject.

"I'm still amazed by your painting," she said, swirling back to the nude portrait without trying to be so blatant about it. "You're superbly talented."

"Amazed by my talent? Or my tits?"

There was a light-heartedness to Lauren's tone and Professor Smith couldn't help but look like a deer in headlights.

"Was I that obvious?" the professor admitted, trying not to be embarrassed by it.

Lauren nodded with a mouth full of food. "Honestly, I'm used to guys checking out my little package wherever I go. Sometimes girls check me out, too. So I know how to spot it. I just never thought a female professor would be looking at me like that."

"I wasn't checking you out. I was surprised that a student would show me something like that."

"But you liked what you saw," Lauren said with a gleam in her eyes.

Cassandra tensed. "Lauren, I like you, but this is a totally inappropriate conversation to have. I'm sorry, but I can't let you accuse me of..."

"Whoa! Let's take a step back here. I'm not offended at all. If anything, I thought it was actually kind of flattering. Really, I'm cool with it."

Cassandra thought maybe she'd completely destroyed the pleasant vibes they'd created over lunch. But Lauren's smile seemed enough to smooth things over. It was a smile which read, 'It's okay, I know.'

"I apologize," Cassandra said. "Let's take a step back and start over. It's a beautiful day and we were having such a great time."

"I'm still having a great time. But I don't want to change the subject. Your eyes lingered over the portrait I made of my boobs. Big deal. I won't tell anyone, I swear. Discretion is a strong quality of mine."

"You're unstoppable."

Lauren smiled wider. "Another personal attribute I have."

The situation was getting out of hand and Cassandra briefly plotted her counter-attack. She was an expert in asserting dominance and she wasn't going to be pinned down by a girl half her age.

"What's the real reason you showed me your artwork?" Cassandra asked quizzingly. "Come on, I've dealt with thousands of students over the years. I'm experienced with human interaction."

"You don't believe me? I came with good intentions. All I wanted was your insight towards my artwork."

Female intuition kicked in and Cassandra knew there was more. Lauren's body language had tightened and a few facial expressions had turned the wrong way, however minor.

Cassandra sharpened her gaze. "And?"

"And... well... I thought about asking you for a favor."

Now it was the professor's turn to smile. "So the truth comes out. What else did you want from me?"

"I wanted to do a portrait of you. You know, a nude."

Cassandra unleashed a powerful laugh. "Ha! Now that was a joke, right? Please tell me you're joking."

"Nope."

Lauren shook her head and there was sincerity in her eyes and voice. Their eyes were locked and Cassandra could swear she knew what her student was thinking.

"You really mean that?" Professor Smith asked for confirmation.

"Yeah, why not? I think you have an ideal figure"

"No, oh no, you wouldn't want to paint me."

"But why?"

Cassandra shook her head. "Why paint me when you have a plethora of beautiful bodies to work with?"

"Because, look at you."

"Hardly a ringing endorsement," the professor said with a feigned smile.

Lauren reached out and tucked Cassandra's hair behind her ear. It was an inappropriate thing to do with a teacher roughly twice your age, but in the circumstance, formalities could be ignored. Couldn't they?

"Okay, I admire your intelligence. And your elegance. You exude those things in a way that other nude models on campus can't."

"That's very flattering," Cassandra replied.

"It's also the truth. So, how about it?"

"I'm flattered, but no."

Lauren gave an unsurprising node. "Figured, but it was worth a shot." A moment lingered between them. They both knew what it was. Lauren was probably disappointed in the answer, but knew it was the likely outcome. And the professor? Well, she had other ideas.

"Look, I won't pose for you, but I'd love to be a technical advisor of sorts."

Lauren's eyebrows lifted. "Technical advisor, eh?"

"Yes. I could give tips, advice, pointers. That sort of thing. I don't claim to be any sort of expert in making art, but I can provide whatever knowledge I have over years of teaching."

"Will you help with my next set of artworks?" Lauren asked. "We could meet in a campus art room when no one is there."

"Sure, I can do that. I'd love to assist in any way possible."

"Fair warning though. My preference is in making nudes."

Cassandra took a short breath. "I've noticed that."

"I don't know," Lauren shrugged. "I'm weird."

"There's nothing weird about the human body."

"True, but I like to venture off into sexuality," Lauren replied. "Have you noticed that about my artwork?"

"A bit, yes."

"The more explicit ones I try to sell. I display the tamer ones for school."

The professor tried to hide her surprise. "Oh..."

"Don't worry," Lauren laughed. "It's not like porn or anything. It's just that there's more of an emphasis on adult feelings. It's sort of like what you saw a while ago, where my breasts were showing."

"Speaking of which, how do you make a portrait of your own breasts like that? Do you base it on memory?"

"Promise you won't laugh?"

"Swear," the professor nodded.

"I kind of cheat a little bit. I set up a camera on a timer, strike a pose, and then I paint the picture. That's how I get a sexy shot of my breasts when I'm alone."

"That's actually pretty clever."

Lauren nodded. "I know, but I won't have to rely on the camera timer anymore now that you're assisting me."

"What do you mean?"

"You can take pictures of me. It'll be fun. Then I'll add a classical European style when I paint whatever images you capture of me."

"Nude?" Cassandra asked cautiously.

"Yeah, nudes. Unless of course I've misjudged you, and I'm making a massive fool of myself right now, in which case I'd have to drop your class and hide from you for the rest of my college years. Possibly the rest of my life. So what's it going to be Professor Smith?"

Cassandra laughed. "No, you won't need to hide from me, or be embarrassed. Yes, I'll help however I can."

"Awesome. Do you have any experience with nude art? Have you taken any of those classes when you were in college?"

"No and no."

"It's not that big of a deal. Tits are tits. Yours are just as good as mine."

"Not quite," Cassandra said, softly shaking her head. "You're young. I'm turning 43 in a few months. I can assure you, our tits are nothing alike."

"I'll be the judge of that."

There was a wry smile on Lauren's face when she said that, and it kind of made Cassandra feel...alive.

"I look forward to our meeting, whenever it is," Cassandra said. "Text me and we'll work out a time slot."

"A toast; to bare tits."

They picked up their bottles of juice and made a toast, and as they drank, they kept on looking at each other. Lauren had that twinkle in her eyes. Cassandra felt a longing between her legs.

***

Not long after Cassandra arrived home to her apartment that evening, she masturbated. She changed her clothes, rested, and slid a hand underneath her panties as she watched the news.

Her back slouched and curved into the couch. Typically she wouldn't be caught dead in public with poor posture like this. But this was a notable exception. No one was around except for the cable news pundits on the screen.

She heard what they were saying and her eyes were watching the screen, but Lauren was on her mind. 

There were the usual go-to fantasies that Cassandra had. Either she'd seduce a student. Or a student would seduce her. Sometimes this would happen when they were alone in a classroom or her office. Other times it was at her apartment or some place generic.

New ideas were on her mind this time. She imagined herself alone with her beautiful young student in the art room. Lauren was striking a pose, just like she did in the painting with her breasts proudly thrust outwards. She imagined herself on her knees, in between Lauren's legs.

It was a delicious fantasy that made her ignore the news all together and cum. Her feet curled on the floor. Then she relaxed. A smile formed on her face.

When she'd recovered, she felt a pang of guilt, but the remorse quickly disappeared. It always did. Who would ever find out? Unless of course, Cassandra would actually admit her feelings to someone...

***

After several back-and-forth texts, they agreed to meet on Monday near the evening. It was the day where the professor had a late afternoon class and the art studio would have more privacy. The sun would also be going down, creating an interesting shade on the pose, thanks to the large windows on the room.
