 She sits there, quietly watching television, completely oblivious to my wandering eyes from across the living room. They've secretly seen all of her places that make me weak at the knees; bare shoulders, slender neck, collarbones, that little bit of smooth skin just behind the lobe of her ear. All places I long to be close to; all places I would love to touch.

I'm trying not to stare at her, pulling my cup of tea close to my lips and hovering there. The steam rising in front of my face as I blow gently on the rim; hot and moist. I want her. If she just looked at me she'd know it.

I glance back at the television and try to ignore it. Out of the corner of my eye, she has turned slightly. I can feel her eyes on me like a long, warm breath. If I close my eyes I can feel her lips on my neck. Her eyes are longing. 

When I ask her if she's ok she turns back to the television. She nods with an almost whispered 'mhmm' and tenderly runs her tongue through her lips. I draw my teeth across my bottom lip and close my eyes. Sipping my tea, I wish that the heat I can feel around my mouth was hers. My whole body could cry for her.

She gets up and asks me if I'd like more tea. I say yes. 

I try to stay calm; click, the kettle's on. I don't even want more tea. I haven't finished the cup I have in my hands. She's standing in front of the kettle with her palms hard on the work surface when suddenly there are hands on her hips. There is a body of warmth pressing itself tentatively against her back. I close my eyes and breathe, taking in her aroma. She hadn't heard me come in.

My hands are sliding up her sides, from hips to waist to shoulders. I know I shouldn't be touching her at all; there is a battle going on in my own head. What the fuck am I doing... I can't help myself around her.

To my deep surprise, she sinks back in to my arms and tilts her head to the side with a sigh. I bring my lips to her skin and whisper to her. She turns to me, placing her hands on my face. Her eyes never leave mine. Her mouth comes millimetres from my own as she whispers back.

When I lean closer and pull her lips into a kiss we both melt.

Our kisses are hot and fast, like our hands and our breath. My fingers have found the soft skin of her stomach under her top. They are sliding over her flesh like it's the last thing I'll touch before I die; I almost worship it. Her skin pimples under my touch; I can feel her body shiver with every movement I make on her. Our lips are locked; her hands fast on the back of my head, her fingers wrapped up in my hair. 

I can't stand it. I tug at her jeans till they are loose enough to slide down her slender legs. Her pants follow. When I grab her under the arse and lift her she squeals and holds on tight around my neck. Pushing her up on to the kitchen units, I slide my shoulders down between her soft thighs and kiss her navel. She supports herself from falling forward with one hand and grasps at my head with the other. My lips find her wet and wanting. Wet and delicious. I bring my tongue to her and she lets out a long, lustful moan. The hot, moist contact between the flat of my tongue and the contours of her cunt is heart stopping. My world feels like it's falling through the sky; I'm literally on my knees, begging for her pleasure.

She pushes me away and slides down from the unit. Kicking completely free of her jeans and pants, she grabs my hands and pulls me to my feet. We spin toward the wall; her body slamming me hard against it. Her fingers sliding down my jeans, down my boxers, down to where I'm soaking through. My jeans and boxers are hanging down around my knees before I realise, and her fingers have found their way, far too easily, inside me. 

It's a rough fuck. It's a wanting, long awaited, rough fuck.

She's deep inside me, and I'm legless. She won't let me fall; pressing me hard against the solid concrete wall of this old building. She'll take me here; I'm not moving till I'm done and I know it. I wonder how many other fucks have taken place in this little nook. We're leaving our own mark - a little bit of shady history, right here against this wall.

It doesn't take long before I'm arching my back and shuddering with ecstasy. I've been aching for her all night. I feel myself tightening, our chests heaving together. Our previously perfect rhythms becoming out of time as my body cheats me and sends rippling waves of orgasm everywhere. I moan as I cum with her kisses hard on my mouth.

There was almost a moment of calm; a fleeting moment of lingering gaze and soft breaths. But there couldn't be and we both knew it; nothing was said.

Composed, I returned to my place on the sofa. She came in a few minutes later with two fresh cups of tea; placing one down in front of me.

"Thanks."

She smiles at me and sits down in her favourite chair. She's watching the television; if you seen her now you'd never know what debauchery had taken place before this moment. I lift my tea to my lips and hover there. My eyes find her bare shoulders, her slender neck, her collarbones, that little bit of smooth skin just behind the lobe of her ear. 

They are all places I longed to be close to; all places I'll never touch again.