  [Author's Note: This story is dedicated to two very special people in my life that inspired me to start writing, and to push through the writer's block and continue. Although this story is not entirely dependent on my previous story, you should read the other for background information and continuity. I hope you all enjoy reading this story as much as I enjoyed writing it, and as always feedback and criticism are welcome and appreciated.]



Laura had always loved biology, and for that reason she enjoyed her job as a graduate assistant. Most of the time anyway; she always hated the end of term rush as all the students who didn't feel the need to attend any of the lectures came to her walk-in hours in a panic. She was getting tired of all the requests to summarize the entire course for a student, or to point out the sections of the course that were most important for the exam, and even the one student who asked her to create a practice exam with similar questions to the final so he could "study."

At the end of her walk-in hours, Laura was feeling exhausted and exasperated, so she headed over to the office of her mentor, Professor Kelli. She had helped Professor Kelli teach her course for the past few terms, and in return had gained access to her mentor's immense knowledge of the subject which nearly guaranteed her thesis would be a success. Laura and Professor Kelli both shared their dislike for the final exam rush as they hated to see all the students struggling with the subject that they loved so much, so at the day they would usually comfort each other with a little chat about the latest findings that they had read about to take their minds off the students.

Today, however, something seemed a bit strange to Laura as she walked down the corridor towards Professor Kelli's office.

"She usually keeps her door closed during finals week," Laura thought as she approached the door, "she must be busy like usual."

As she neared the door, she began to hear something out of the ordinary coming from inside the office. Laura tiptoed up to the door, and put her ear up close to it so she could hear what was going on inside. She was able to hear the radio playing the usual classic rock station that was on whenever Professor Kelli was in her office, but also what sounded like furniture being moved.

"I wonder what she is doing moving furniture around now," Laura thought to herself. She peeked through a gap in the motivational pictures that covered the window in Professor Kelli's door.

"Oh my god," gasped Laura as she saw the professor bent over her desk with one of her students behind her. The desk was rocking with each of the student's thrusts, and the look on Professor Kelli's face was one of pure ecstasy. Laura quickly looked away, but her curiosity once again took over and she once again peeked through the small gap.

She was mesmerized as she watched her professor squirm around on the desk and moan in the sheer pleasure that she was feeling.

"Oh wow," Laura moaned softly as she watched the student continue to pound his cock into his professor's dripping wet pussy. She watched as the student paused with his cock buried deep to flip Kelli over onto her back and as he withdrew slowly to kneel down in front of her. He briefly sucked on her clit while fucking her with two fingers which he then brought up to Kelli's mouth for her to suck on. After a short time, he stood up between Kelli's legs and slowly pushed his rock hard cock into her tight pussy.

Laura's unconsciously began to trace her fingers around her nipples as she watched the student thrust his cock deep; slowly increasing his pace as Kelli arched her back and moaned louder. Laura watched as Kelli exploded into orgasm and felt a surge of pleasure as she pinched her now hard nipple. Laura could clearly hear her professor's moans as she was brought to another orgasm before the first had subsided. Suddenly, Kelli went limp and silent and the student pulled out his cock and stood over her looking worried.

"Oh my god," whispered Laura to herself as she contemplated entering the room to make sure Kelli was alright, but before she could make a move her professor pulled the student down to her and kissed him deeply. Laura was relieved that her professor was alright, and she watched intently as Kelli pushed the student down onto the desk and then mounted him. As Kelli began to slowly rock herself back and forth on her student's cock, Laura slid her hands down her body and slipped them under her pants.

"Ohhhh," she moaned softly as her fingers made contact with her moist clit. She rubbed her clit gently as she watched her professor ride the students cock harder, making the desk shake and creak. Laura brought her hands up to her mouth and tasted her juices off of her fingers.

"Mmmmm," Laura moaned as she watched her teacher grind herself on her student's rock hard cock as she came. She watched as Kelli kissed the student deeply, and whispered a few words to each other. Kelli began to rhythmically move up and down on her student's cock; her eyes closed as she savored the feeling of his cock deep inside her. As her orgasm built, she opened her eyes and looked down to see her student squirming with pleasure beneath her.

Laura heard Kelli moan "I'm gonna cum" and the response from the student, "Me too." That seemed to push Kelli over the edge, and her moans of pleasure were clearly audible out in the hall. Laura's wet pussy was beginning to ache, but she was worried that the noises from inside the office might have been heard by someone else. She badly wanted to cum right there in the hallway, but instead she reluctantly slid her hand out of her pants and licked the juices off of her fingers once more. She looked inside the office to see her professor leaning down to kiss the student softly.

"I wonder what they are saying to each other right now," thought Laura as she saw the pair whispering to each other. She remained at the door for another few moments before she realized that they were starting to redress themselves. Her last glimpse through the window was to see Kelli and the student kissing each other deeply.

Laura hurried down the hall and into a restroom to recompose herself after what she had seen. Looking in the mirror she saw that her face was flushed in her excitement, her nipples were rock hard and clearly visible through her shirt, and a small dark patch had begun to appear at the crotch of her pants.

"I look like a mess," thought Laura, and she decided to hurry home before anyone saw her like that. However, as she was leaving the restroom, Kelli walked in.

"Have a good night Professor," said Laura nervously, "See you in the morning."

"Yes, see you bright and early for the exam," replied Kelli.

Laura could tell that Kelli was much more relaxed now than she had been, and could hear it in her voice, but she was afraid to mention it because it might make Kelli suspect that she had seen what had happened. Laura hurried out of the restroom before they could talk more and rushed all the way home.

--

Later that night, Laura fidgeted around in bed trying to sleep, but she was not able to get her mind to shut off. Her thoughts raced about what she had seen earlier in the day, and what she was going to do about the situation. As nervous as she was about everything, remembering the events of the day had her all worked up.

"Ooohhh," Laura gasped as one of her hands brushed her nipple through her t-shirt. She realized that both of her nipples were once again noticeably poking through the material, and at the same time she became conscious of the dampness under her shorts.

She slowly pulled her shirt up her body to expose her breasts, and when the cool air hit her nipples she let out a gasp.

Laura began to picture Professor Kelli riding the student's cock on top of her desk as she pinched her nipples hard. Each pinch sent a bolt of pleasure directly to her pussy, and she slid herself out of her shorts so she could more easily access her now dripping wet pussy. Although she was shy and absorbed in her work most of the time, Laura liked to keep her pussy cleanly shaved as she thought it felt nice.

Laura moaned softly as she slid her hand down the smooth skin above her pussy, slowly approaching her aching clit. As she began to rub her fingers around her already slick clit, she remembered how the student had caused Kelli to faint from pleasure, and the thought immediately brought her to the edge of an orgasm.

"Oh yes," moaned Laura as the orgasm hit her. She continued to play with her clit as she came, and she found herself getting close to cumming again faster than ever before. She paused briefly to taste the juices off her fingers before she plunged them deep into her pussy. With her other hand, she pinched each nipple hard and then moved down to continue playing with her clit.

"Oh my godddd, yessss," Laura screamed as her next orgasm hit her. She sped up her fingers on her clit, and fucked herself harder as another orgasm built quickly. Laura was hit by waves and waves of pleasure, and the orgasm seemed to go on forever. She arched her back and moaned as the orgasm crashed over her, and when it was over she immediately brought both hands to her mouth to taste herself.

"Mmmmm, I taste good" Laura whispered to herself, and she felt her pussy twitch slightly.

"I don't know what has come over me," Laura thought to herself as she began to gently rub her fingers around her clit again. As she slowly brought herself to a fourth orgasm, all Laura could think about was the look of sheer pleasure that was on Professor Kelli's face as she was getting fucked by her student. The orgasm came slower than the first three, and when it was over, Laura felt totally and completely relaxed. As she lay still, she noticed the large wet spot that she had left on her sheets.

"I am going to have to change those in the morning..." she thought as she drifted off to sleep.

--

The next morning, the exam went by without a hitch, and after the last few students were forced to leave as time ran out Laura and Kelli collected up all the finished exams. Laura had watched as the student she had seen fucking Professor Kelli the day before turned in his exam. They had given each other the smallest of smiles before he handed over the test, and he had quietly thanked Kelli as he left. Laura made sure to tuck that exam into the pile that she was going to grade as she was curious to see how he had done.

As they walked to the office together, Kelli and Laura chatted about how they thought the students had done, and how they were relieved that they would be getting a break as soon as they finished grading the exams. Laura noticed that Kelli still seemed more relaxed than usual, and she wondered if Kelli noticed the same about her. After her play session the night before, Laura had slept soundly through the night and awoke feeling refreshed and reinvigorated, and she could feel a bit of a bounce in her step that she hadn't had for a while.

The exams were the normal mix of high marks from the people that knew what they were doing, and dismal marks from the people who had tried to learn the course the night before. Each term Kelli liked to add a few questions designed to trip up people who hadn't paid attention in lecture and make it easy to tell the good students from the bad. As she approached the special exam in her pile, Laura was anxious to see how the student had done.

"Cody," Laura said to herself as she reached the paper. She noticed that Kelli seemed to perk up a bit when she heard the name, although she did not look up from the exam she was grading. After going through the test, she announced to Kelli "It looks like we have our first perfect score of the day."

"Who was it?" asked Kelli, to which Laura responded, "A student named Cody."

"I am not surprised," remarked Kelli, "he never missed a lecture and had perfect scores on the online quizzes."

Laura was a bit conflicted about what to do next. On one hand, she knew Professor Kelli was not very likely to have given answers to her student in exchange for sex, but on the other hand it seemed to be too odd of a coincidence that the same student that had been fucking the professor the day before was the only one with a perfect exam score.

"I am still a bit skeptical of the grade," said Laura trying to avoid giving away that she knew about Cody and Kelli's relations, "He was the only person who answered all of the trap questions correctly, and I know that other people were as diligent in class as he was."

"He is a very special student," said Kelli, and Laura noted that her eyes softened and twinkled a bit as she said it.

After a few moments of silence, Laura finally asked, "I saw you two in your office yesterday, and I just wanted to make sure that his work was legitimate."

Kelli stopped what she was doing and blushed, "What did you see?"

"Everything," responded Laura, "I think, anyway."

"That isn't what that was about" Kelli said, turning bright red with embarrassment.

"What was it about then?" Laura replied.

"He wanted to thank me for teaching the course, and wanted to give me something special because he thought I was underappreciated," Kelli sighed back.

Laura immediately knew she was telling the truth, and felt horrible for accusing her mentor of any academic dishonesty. She too turned bright red as her embarrassment caught up with her, and only got worse when she realized that she had just confessed to watching Kelli have sex with a student. They looked at each other silently for a few moments before Laura broke the tension.

"It looked like it was amazing," said Laura shyly, "especially when he made you pass out when you came."

Kelli turned an even brighter shade of red and replied, "Yes, it was amazing. I haven't felt anything like that for a long time."

"I couldn't get the images of you two having sex out of my head last night," Laura confessed modestly, "I had to get myself off four times before I was able to sleep."

"Wow," Kelli replied, "I can't believe that seeing us made you feel like that, but I confess that even after all of those great orgasms, I still had to cum a few times before I could sleep as well. Thinking about it now and knowing that you got off from watching us is starting to get me wet again."

Laura shifted in her chair uncomfortably; not because she was embarrassed about talking about sex with her mentor, but because she too was starting to feel her pussy moisten thinking about what she had seen. She did feel a bit dirty about confessing her actions to Kelli, but at the same time she was thrilled that Kelli was excited about what she had done.

Kelli got up and walked over to the door, closed and locked it, and then turned the music a bit louder before returning to her chair. "I believe that we should take a short break from grading these exams," she said slyly, "I think that we might make some mistakes if we try to grade them in our current state."

Laura blushed bright red once again, but she was not as opposed to the idea of taking a break to recollect her thoughts. However, she did notice that Kelli had a look in her eye that she had not seen before. Laura put the exam that she was grading back on top of the pile, and stretched back in her chair. Kelli had also reclined in her chair, and had let her hair out of the ponytail that she had been wearing to keep the hair out of her eyes while she graded.

Laura decided to close her eyes for a moment to relax them, and she started to daydream. Her mind wandered back to the day before, and she once again pictured Kelli riding Cody's hard cock on top of the desk. Almost in time with her daydream, a small moan interrupted her thoughts.

Laura's eyes popped open, and she looked around confused for a moment. She looked over at Kelli, who also had her eyes closed and seemed to be concentrating on something. Then Laura noticed that Kelli's arm was moving slowly below the desk, and she was shocked to think that the professor would do that right in front of her. She peeked over the desk to the sight of Kelli's skirt pulled up above her waist, and her fingers gently rubbing around her clean-shaved pussy. Laura noticed that Kelli's pussy was already glistening with moisture, and her fingers slid over her skin easily.

"Ooohhh," Laura couldn't help but gasp at what she saw, and that gasp alerted Kelli to the fact that she was being watched.

"I don't know what came over me," stammered Kelli, and she started to cover herself up, "I am so embarrassed."

Laura snapped out of her trance and whispered back, "No, don't cover up, keep going." With that, Laura reached down and undid her pants. She slid them down her legs to the floor, leaving her in just her top and now-dampening panties. She slipped her hand inside her panties and gasped as she made contact with her clit.

Kelli bunched her skirt above her waist once again and returned to gently rubbing her slick pussy, but after a few moments she stopped.

"I think that we should both get more comfortable for this," Kelli said lustily, and she quickly removed her blouse, bra, and skirt and left them in a pile on the floor.

"Alright," responded Laura, who had no remaining traces of her previous shyness, and quickly removed her panties and t-shirt. She moved the exam papers to the side, and sat up on top of the desk so that Kelli had a full view of her now dripping wet pussy. Kelli sat back in her chair with her eyes glued to the wet young pussy that was set in front of her. She licked her lips hungrily, and began rubbing her fingers in circles around her clit.

All hints of modesty and doubt were out of Laura's mind as she toyed with her clit and nipples. She could already feel an orgasm building as she entered her pussy with two fingers. She was dripping wet, and the fingers slid in without any resistance.

"Oh yesssss," she moaned, which got a long moan as a response from her mentor. Laura looked down to see that Kelli also had her fingers buried deep in her pussy, which made her burst into orgasm. She arched back on the desk as she came, allowing a small dribble of her juices to drip down onto the desk. 

Seeing this, in turn, was too much for Kelli to handle, and she too climaxed with a long moan. She collapsed back into her chair, breathing heavily from exertion, but she did not feel close to satisfied yet. She stared at the young, spread pussy in front of her, and immediately she knew what she wanted to do next.

Laura was lying back in the aftermath of her orgasm, and did not see Kelli pull her chair in close to the desk and lean down close to her dripping pussy. She did, however, feel her teacher's hot breath on her clit, which made her lean forward to see what was going on. If she had wanted to protest, she would not have been able to, because in a flash Kelli's hands were on her thighs and her lips were wrapped around her clit.

"Oh god yesssss," screamed Laura, "suck on my clit hard."

Kelli did not want Laura to cum right away, so rather than sucking on her clit, Kelli ran her tongue all around Laura's pussy. Laura squirmed around trying to get Kelli to stay on her clit, but Kelli continued to avoid it.

"Cody did this to me yesterday, and we both know how that turned out," Kelli said devilishly, "but I won't torture you by making you wait as long as he made me wait."

"Please Kelli, I can't take anymore teasing," Laura pleaded, "Please make me cum."

Kelli returned to teasing Laura's clit, flicking it with her tongue and nibbling on it softly. Laura pulled her mentor's head down, trying to force Kelli to make her cum, but Kelli still refused. Kelli instead kissed her way up Laura's body, pausing at her nipples to give each a sharp bite, before kissing her deeply. Laura could taste herself on Kelli's tongue as they kissed, and it made her moan with desire. Kelli climbed up onto the desk with Laura; straddling her as they kissed and rubbing her wet pussy on Laura's thigh.
