 Carolyn Miller was not unlike a lot of her fellow female high school teachers. She saw guys in the school that she wouldn't mind having sex with if it didn't cost them their livelihood. In fact, she saw guys she WOULD risk her job for under the right conditions. That was where Carolyn separated herself from most other teachers. She acted upon her desires. Carolyn Miller normally got what she wanted.

In the previous month, she had got what she wanted from eighteen year old senior students Mike and Chris...twice. First, she had sucked and fucked them during a threesome in her condo. Soon afterwards, another student who lived in her neighborhood, eighteen year old Amy Wilson, joined her in a foursome with the boys.

It was that encounter that led Carolyn to her next, very unexpected adventure.

Carolyn was single and in her early thirties. Thus, she was not quite old enough to be Amy's mother but almost too old to be her sister. Perhaps it was the perfect age for them to be really good friends because they hit it off immediately. Both were attractive blondes, although Carolyn's hair was short and Amy's long. Carolyn had a nice, but not spectacular, body. Amy could have been a model if she so chose.

The two spent much time together in Carolyn's condo talking about school and life and men. Their friendship had grown dramatically after the episode with Mike and Chris, in which Amy had learned the basic art of seduction and how easily young men could be manipulated by a woman's body.

However, a small part of that afternoon in Carolyn's basement, which Carolyn herself tended to overlook, weighed heavily on young Amy's mind. One of the things they had done to entice Mike and Chris was role-play as if they were going to have lesbian sex. It never got past the kissing and groping stage, but Amy had thought about it ever since.

One evening as they sat in Carolyn's family room, Amy asked, "Carolyn, did you enjoy that day we, you know, kissed...and stuff...in front of the guys?"

Carolyn grinned at her obviously shy and cautious questioner.

"Of course I did, Amy," she replied. "You played your part perfectly. Didn't you see how hard the guys were?"

"Yeah," Amy said. After a short pause, she added, "What if I told you...um, that I...uh, wasn't playing a part. That I really enjoyed it."

Carolyn's smile widened. "I'd say we should find an excuse to do it again sometime."

"Do we need an excuse?"

Carolyn didn't consider herself a lesbian and had never had sex with another woman. But the look in Amy's beautiful blue eyes and the almost desperate expression on the teenager's face would have affected anybody. At the same time, Carolyn wanted to tread carefully. She didn't want to damage the great relationship they had by jumping to conclusions. She decided that, if they did anything, it would be safe and short.

"No, we don't need an excuse if it's something you want," Carolyn told Amy.

The girl fidgeted on the couch and said, "You kiss better than any guy I've ever had and...and the way you, um, touched me was...well..."

Carolyn stood up before Amy could finish her thought. She walked to the couch and sat next to Amy, close enough that their bodies were touching. They looked into each other's eyes and neither could deny a certain type of love in the exchange.

Amy's heart pounded. She was nearly shaking when Carolyn said, "Kiss me, Amy. Just like that day."

That first kiss had been soft and gentle; barely more than a touching of lips and that was how Amy began this one. And just like the first kiss, this one grew increasingly intense as the seconds passed. Amy's mouth opened just enough for her tongue to come out and swipe across Carolyn's soft lips. Then Carolyn's tongue joined it and the women leaned closer, allowing the kiss to become passionate.

Carolyn had reached out for Amy's chest the last time because she wanted the boys to watch. Now she touched the front of Amy's sleeveless blouse because it was what Amy wanted, she thought. But it also seemed like the right thing to do; the natural thing to do.

Amy moaned at the feel of Carolyn's fingers lightly caressing her breast, even though a blouse and bra intervened. The teenager was too scared to return the favor to the teacher. Instead, Amy eagerly accepted the prolonged kiss and light touches of the older woman.

Then Amy felt Carolyn pushing against her body and Amy was forced onto her back on the couch, her legs still hanging over the edge. Carolyn followed her down and began kissing the side of Amy's face. Carolyn's hand pressed harder on the breast and seized onto the fullness of it more firmly.

Carolyn's mouth moved down to Amy's chin and then the side of her neck. It seemed the most natural thing in the world to her to offer the girl the love she had grown to feel for her. At the same time, Carolyn's hand moved from the breast to the opening at the top of the blouse. The fingers slid inside and found the soft skin of the top of Amy's breast.

Carolyn's mouth followed and lightly licked the bare skin under Amy's neck while the fingers traced across the top of the bra. Amy's eyes were closed and her breaths came quick and hard.

The eyes opened when Carolyn withdrew her hand and stopped kissing the supple skin. The women looked at each other.

Carolyn said, "Do you still enjoy it?"

Amy was nearly panting, but managed to say, "Oh yeah. I still love it."

Carolyn rolled off the couch and looked down on her gorgeous friend. "Maybe we should do it more often."

"I think we should," Amy sighed.

Amy Wilson had had the same amount of experience with other women as Carolyn. None. She didn't lie awake at night thinking about girls her own age or Carolyn's age or any age. However, it took her by surprise on the day she let Mike fuck her in Carolyn's basement that, the entire time, she was looking over at Carolyn and thinking how great she looked naked. Yes, Mike made her cum and she enjoyed it. But the lingering image of Carolyn had been in her mind ever since.

The next week dragged on with only snippets of conversation occurring between Amy and Carolyn in the school hallways. On Thursday, however, things brightened up for the teenager when Carolyn invited her over on Saturday morning. It made Friday seem to last forever and Amy could barely sleep at the thought of seeing her best friend once more.

Although Carolyn wasn't quite as excited about another meeting as Amy, she still recognized that their friendship was evolving. Carolyn's age provided her with a clearer perspective than did the teenager's emotion-driven feelings and Carolyn was better able to distinguish an infatuation from true love. Or so she thought. Even she was now beginning to understand that her view of Amy was changing and a definite confusion loitered in the back of her mind.

Carolyn decided to let things play out and not force the issue one way or another. The strategy was unlike her take-charge attitude in general, but in this case it felt like the right thing to do.

Saturday was a cool, early-Autumn day and Amy elected to wear a V-neck sweater and jeans to Carolyn's condo. She quite often didn't wear a bra under her sweatshirts and sweaters and was mindful of doing without one on this particular day. She, unlike the teacher, was very much thinking about what might transpire during the short time they would be together.

Carolyn welcomed her guest in with the usual smile and they settled into their customary couch and chair and began to talk about school. The entire time, Carolyn was studying Amy, looking for signs of anything different in her demeanor. Unfortunately, Carolyn watched Amy the same way she watched single men for signs of interest in her. Carolyn knew when a guy was leaning towards a longer relationship and when they wanted a one-night stand. She didn't know how to interpret Amy's looks and behavior.

Oddly enough, it was Carolyn's own demeanor that triggered a reaction in Amy. The teenager was sure the teacher was looking at her in a new way; a more loving way and not just as a friend. Amy may not have been scheming something in her own mind that wasn't true, either. Carolyn WAS acting differently, without consciously realizing it. That little inkling in the back of her mind that things were changing was enough to project something to Amy that the girl was quick to recognize.

They talked for half an hour only half listening to each other, while also deciphering all the things happening in their mind. The end result was Amy becoming more impatient to return to a physical bonding with Carolyn and Carolyn becoming more afraid that it might happen.

Carolyn wasn't afraid of getting caught. She wasn't afraid of Amy not wanting her. She was afraid she would like it.

What would it say about her if she and Amy loved each other? Well, actually, that wasn't it, she decided. It was OK to love someone. What would it say if they loved each other and had sex? That was the frightful part all along, Carolyn surmised. Seducing Mike and Chris was nothing compared to the consequences of taking this...girl...to bed.

Then Carolyn comprehended what these questions meant: She was seriously considering doing it. She knew she was seriously considering having sex with Amy Wilson, the fantasy of every boy in the high school. And by even considering it, it was likely to happen. That's the way she was.

In addition, Carolyn wondered how much Amy could tell about her conclusions just by looking at her. They eventually talked robotically while studying each other's face, hoping for a sign. Amy wanted a sign of acceptance from Carolyn. The teacher wanted a sign of...what? What did Carolyn really want from Amy?

The girl saw Carolyn's eyes narrow and her brow fill with lines of concern. Amy thought she was losing Carolyn. She thought Carolyn was becoming frightened. Amy had to act...now.

She got off the couch and walked over to Carolyn's large chair. Without saying a word, she leaned forward, propping herself up by putting her hands on the arms of the chair. Their mouths met and, for the third time during their friendship, they kissed. Every previous time, it was Amy who was hesitant; even shaking a little. This time, Carolyn wasn't sure. She wasn't sure she could stop at a kiss and a brief touching of Amy's delicate skin.

As the kiss continued, Amy slowly climbed onto the chair and straddled Carolyn's legs with her own. The teacher put her arms around Amy and the girl settled into Carolyn's lap. They each felt their breasts come together when they came closer together and thoughts of moving beyond a kiss filled each of their minds, but with different feelings attached to the thoughts. Amy very much wanted the next step to come. Carolyn dreaded it.

Their hands wandered. Carolyn was kissing Amy's neck again and approaching the lowest point of the opening in the sweater. That's when Amy tried to take charge. She grabbed the bottom of her sweater and began to lift it.

"Amy, you shouldn't...we shouldn't be...," Carolyn said as she forcefully pushed Amy off of her.

The teenager landed on her feet and could only look on as Carolyn rose out of the chair and briskly walked past her into the kitchen. Amy could hear the teacher's sobs; or, at least, Carolyn's attempts to hide her sobbing. The emotions were too much for Carolyn and they nearly overcame Amy. Surprisingly, it was the younger girl that held it together better and continued in her quest.

Amy gave Carolyn a few seconds alone, and then she, too, lightly stepped into the kitchen. Carolyn's back was to her as Carolyn looked out the window, leaning on the edge of the sink trying to regain her composure. Amy inched closer.

She was an arm's length away when she said softly, "I'm sorry, Carolyn. I didn't mean to scare you."

A little laugh, interrupted by sniffles, came from Carolyn.

"You didn't scare me, Amy. It's just...you know, I'm not...oh damn it, Amy, I don't know what I want or want I think any more."

Amy put her arms around Carolyn, who gradually turned to face the girl. That's when she realized Amy had entered the kitchen topless. Carolyn gazed at the breasts, hating every thought of lust that filled her brain.

"Kiss me, Carolyn, and it will be better," Amy said.

Carolyn knew better. Carolyn knew that a kiss would make it worse. She would want to hold Amy and touch her and...

They kissed. It was a long, passionate kiss that ended up with Carolyn pushed back against the sink, her hands clutching at the naked breasts in front of her. And then Carolyn was leaning down.

Amy put her hand on the back of Carolyn's head and pulled it towards her. A breast was directly in front of Carolyn's face when Amy pulled some more. Carolyn's mouth touched the nipple.

Amy was ready for anything, including a complete stoppage to the proceedings. But the teacher kissed the nipple and lightly ran her tongue over it. Amy sighed loud enough for Carolyn to hear. The tongue swiped across the nipple a couple times, and then the lips enclosed it.

Soon, a good portion of the breast was in Carolyn's mouth being sucked and licked until Amy moaned. Carolyn moved to the other breast and gave it equal treatment, resulting in two stiff, pink nipples.

"Oh, Carolyn. That feels so good," Amy told her quietly. "I want...um, I want you to feel how good it is."

This time Carolyn did look at Amy and the pleading in her eyes was undeniable.

"Please?" Amy whispered.

Carolyn didn't answer. She just leaned back enough for Amy to take her shirt and pull it off. Then Amy reached around and unhooked the bra. She slowly pulled it off and stared, seemingly forever, at the breasts she had thought about for so long.

Carolyn's eyes were closed when she felt the lips touch her right nipple. The moment Amy licked it for the first time, Carolyn's pussy tingled with a feeling she'd never known before. Deep inside her stomach, Carolyn felt new surges build up and rush to her pussy as Amy sucked and bit her sensitive breasts.

Amy alternated between long kisses and even longer sessions at Carolyn's breasts, causing the teacher to get wetter and wetter by the minute. She moaned as Amy's teeth playfully tugged on the erect nipples. Unconsciously, Carolyn put her hand on Amy's head and held it in place.

Carolyn was in a fog, not really thinking about anything besides the pleasure she felt, when Amy's hand began to slide down Carolyn's stomach. The teacher continued to ignore it until she realized the girl's fingers were inside the top of her jeans and were about to go farther.

Suddenly, Carolyn gripped Amy's wrist with her hand and pulled it out.

"No! Amy, no. We can't."

"Why not?" was the quizzical reply.

"You know why, Amy."

After a short pause, Carolyn said, "Maybe you should leave."

The words stung the teenager. They hurt for the entire week that transpired without any words being spoken between the two of them. At school, Carolyn avoided Amy at all costs. She ripped up notes left by the student and ignored phone calls and texts.

What Carolyn intended to be a cooling off period ended up being just the opposite. She found herself missing the girl more and more, to the point where she would lie in bed thinking about Amy and playing with her breasts, wishing Amy's lips were there. She even let a hand glide inside her panties, like Amy wanted to, and played with her clit until she was cumming in waves, quietly murmuring the girl's name.

Amy, on the other hand, was so conflicted in her feelings she was emotionally lost. How could a woman she tried to please so hard act this way to her? How could she just 'drop' her from her everyday life? Amy thought they were more than friends. She thought they were...lovers. Yes, lovers. Nobody had ever made her feel this way. Amy lived for Carolyn now and...and...Carolyn exited her life without saying a word.

It surprised Amy, therefore, when she was handed a note in the hallway by Carolyn that simply read, 'Wednesday evening. My place.'

It had been nearly two weeks since their last meeting and every conceivable scenario flashed through Amy's mind as to what Wednesday evening would bring. She expected the worst, of course. She expected Carolyn to say they should never see each other. The teacher had tried to say that over and over again. Now it would happen and Amy's life would have to begin from scratch.

She almost dreaded knocking on the door of the condo when she arrived that night. But, she did and waited anxiously. When no one appeared, she knocked a little harder, noticing that the door was slightly ajar. Amy pushed it with hesitation and said, "Carolyn? You there?"

Silence followed. So, Amy entered the condo and closed the door quietly.

"Carolyn?" she said louder.

"In here," came a muffled reply from down the hallway.

Unsure which room it came from but pretty sure of the direction, Amy stepped cautiously until reaching the door to the master bedroom.

"In here, Amy."

The bedroom was empty, but a light came from the master bathroom and Amy walked towards it, somewhat baffled. Nothing that had occurred during the past couple weeks prepared her for what she saw.

Carolyn was reclining in her whirlpool bath, facing the door and up to her neck in swirling water.

Amy could only stand and stare for a moment. A smile crossed Carolyn's face and then she said, "Well, are you going to get naked and join me or not?"

Amy's heart was pounding so fast and hard she could hardly make her hands and arms work as she reached down to pull up on her sweatshirt. Carolyn grinned as the breasts came into view. Then Amy was kicking off her shoes and unbuttoning her jeans. The zipper was the only sound besides the bubbling water. Amy stepped out of her jeans and stood next to the tub in just her panties. Carolyn's eyes were all over her and the look on her face excited Amy like never before.

Maybe her life wasn't over after all, Amy thought to herself. Maybe it was just beginning.

She got naked and the teacher's pussy felt that now-familiar tingle as she studied Amy's neatly trimmed pussy and smooth thighs and gentle sway of the hips.

"Get in," Carolyn said gently.

She watched Amy's beautiful, round ass enter the water and sink down as the girl took her place facing Carolyn, their legs bent at the knees to allow room. Soon, Carolyn stretched hers out beside Amy and the girl did the same. Carolyn ran her hands up the outside of the calfs and thighs. She would have to move to reach farther, but it could wait.

Carolyn leaned back and just looked at her friend. Amy could see the love; even the resignation, perhaps, that Carolyn was feeling. From that moment on, they were to be more than friends.

Not much was said at first. Carolyn asked how Amy was doing and Amy lied, saying she had been fine. They let the water flow around them without anything more than tender touches of the legs.

Then Amy asked, "How have you been?"

"I've been thinking."

"About what?" Amy said.

"Us."

"And?"

After a brief delay, Carolyn grabbed Amy's lower legs and pulled the girl towards her while also leaning forward. Amy giggled when she almost went under the water, but found Carolyn hovering above her in the end.

"And here we are," Carolyn replied, looking down on the teenager.

Carolyn lowered herself into Amy's arms and kissed her more zealously than ever before. Their tongues sought out each other and both women let out moans of delight that previously took minutes to build up to. Their naked, wet bodies ground together with legs intertwined and their hands explored every inch they could find. Amy struggled to stay above the gurgling bubbles, but sometimes the water mixed in with their kiss and neither one of them seemed to care.

This time, as Amy's hand came around from Carolyn's ass and slid between her legs, Carolyn didn't stop her. She let the fingers find the slit and work their way up to her clit. After a few wonderful seconds, Carolyn made her way down Amy's body until she could suck on the large breasts. Amy moved up so her chest was out of the water, then leaned her head back and enjoyed the feeling of Carolyn working over her breasts one at a time.
