 All characters in this story ar either 18 or older. This story contains blackmail, if you are uncomfortable with this subject, I suggest you skip this video. 

***

Eight years ago, I got a job at a high school teaching kids from eleven to eighteen. But, I mostly teach the sixth form and have few interactions with the other students apart from one. A girl called Zoey, had quite the reputation for causing trouble, I had heard stories from my colleagues about how she: threw a water balloon of ink at a teacher; would write on the walls and just being a right twat. 

Zoey, was now in sixth form doing her A levels, which meant i had to deal with the spawn of satan. Being one of the oldest, Zoey had already turned eighteen and now more than ever thought she was queen of the world. I'm thirty-six, I just can't be dealing with that sort of crap, I just want the students to have the best chance. So I made a plan that would change her, at least until she out of my hair. 

For the past three weeks, I have been gathering data on the delinquent, taking photographs of her; assaulting her classmates, disturbing class, stealing lunch money and other horrible things. Once I thought I had enough to go on, I decided to move forward with my plan. One day I was just wrapping up the lesson with Zoey in the room. 

"Alright everyone, except Zoey, may leave. Remember to bring your homework." 

"Yes, miss." They all said before exiting 

Zoey tried to leave. "Sit down young lady, I told you to wait." 

"Miss I haven't got time, for you to lecture me on how I've been bad." 

"SIT DOWN!" she sheepishly sat on her chair. 

"I have had enough of your foul behavior, it is time you learnt your lesson." 

"I-I" 

"I'm talking, you shut your mouth! These are pictures I have taken from the past few weeks, it shows you stealing, assaulting and vandalising. These are crimes young lady." 

"Wait, what?" 

"You heard. Your eighteen hun, that means you're looking at jail time for this as I have evidence. I am giving this to the police." 

She burst into tears in front of me, the big tough girl crying. 

"PLEASE! Please I don't want to go to prison" tears streaming from her face. 

"I just don't know what I can do, any punishment we give you, doesn't seem to get through your skull." 

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I-I will do anything you want." 

"You should be careful on how you phrase things." 

"I will do, ANYTHING!" Zoey seemed very desperate. 

"Anything?"

"Anything." 

"Fine, then lock the door and close the blind."

"What?" 

"MOVE YOUR ARSE!" Zoey jumped out of her skin then ran to do as I commanded. 

I thought long and hard, while circling her, then finally coming up with an idea. "Have you ever heard of corporal punishment, Zoey?" 

"No. What is it?"

"Oh, you'll find out soon enough. Put your hands on the desk and bend over." 

"What?" 

"Say what, one more time and I go to the police. Bend over and put your hands on the desk." As I saw Zoey's perfect young booty stick out, I bit my lip and twisted my hair a little. SMACK! I struck her butt nice and firm. 

"Ouch! What the hell?" 

"That, is corporal punishment, now either we do this or I go to the police." 

"Not the police, please!" 

"Then you are going to get spanked and you're going to count each one and say thank you miss. Understand." 

"Yes, miss." 

Smack. "One, thank you miss." Smack. "Two, thank you miss." Smack. "Three, thank you miss." I continued until she counted twenty. I was happy, but my fun was far from over. I planted my butt on the edge of my desk and told Zoey to get down on her knees. 

"I've had a very trying day, I want you yo take my shoes off" 

"Yes, miss." Slipping my feet out of my pretty shoes. 

"Now, kiss my feet." 

"Wha-yes, miss." remembering what will happen if she says what again. Her soft lips, ran all along the tops of my feet, tenderly kissing them. "Don't forget, my toes." Her face moving down to suck each toe and licking the gaps, thinking to myself, 'this skank, will learn her place.' 

"Kiss my ankle." 

"Yes, miss." moving up a little making out with my foot. I grinned. 

"A little higher." 

"Yes, miss." making her way to just below my knee. 

"Higher." Going above my knee, no answer, just doing as I say. I grinned even more. 

"Higher." kissing my thighs still moving up on my leg until her face was inches away from my pussy. 

"M-miss, that's your knickers." SMACK! I slapped her hard across the face. "Then you don't mind me going to the police you little bitch." 

Hand on the cheek, "no, I don't want to you to go to the police. But I-I'm not a lesbian." 

"Neither am I, I have a husband, who I wouldn't give up for the world, but I still like to play with girls" Taking my knickers off. "Now you either lick me right now, or we are done here. Zoey dropped to her knees and stuck out her tongue. 

"Yes, that's right, I own you skank." Zoey danced her tongue on my clit, then from time to time kissing it, moving to my lips, then to my opening and back to dancing her tongue. My juices streaming, flooding her face and then, I came, squirting my fluid on her face and across the room.

"Strip."

"But, miss." slapping her across the face again. "I said strip." 

Zoey, slowly undid her tie, letting it fall to the ground, then concentrated on undoing her shirt going from button to button finally, revealing her pink, flowery bra and dropping her white shirt. She looked at me. 

"Continue." Zoey then reached for her black pleated skirt, sliding the zipper down and pushed down her skirt. There she was, standing in front of me in her underwear. "Turn around" wanting to get a look at her ass. "Continue."reaching her hand behind her back unfastening the strap leaning forward for the bra to drop. Zoey slid her finger into the side of her panties, slowly pulling them down and stepping out of them. 

My toy was ready, Zoey was completely naked my eyes firmly locked onto her petite, small, young butt. I ran my hands all over my dessert, groping Zoey's ass, pinching her nipple, slightly digging my teeth into her arse cheek. I laid her flat on my desk, legs spread wide, without a word I knelt down, rubbed my face all over Zoey's young snatch, making her moan and squirm. I took a deep inhale and quivered from her luscious scent. 

Standing up, I shoved two fingers into Zoey's pussy, fucking her hard and fast, she kept going to moan, but there was a lack of sound coming out of her mouth. I fucked her for a good four minutes and right before she climaxed I withdrew my fingers and prevented her from a strong orgasm, almost in pain from not being allowed to come. 

"Silly girl. Delinquents don't get to come." 

"Huh" 

"Now grab your stuff and get lost. Oh, and remember, this time next week or else." 

The days that followed, Zoey had really cleaned up her act, helping the other students with their work, being respectful in class. A bit of discipline can lead to great things.