 It was Friday night, late February. Michelle wondered if she would be able to make it to March Break. She was in her first year of teaching, and she was exhausted. It had been a great year so far, but there were so many things to do, so many student needs to meet. Every time something went wrong or things didn't go according to plan, she suffered with self doubt and disappointment. Maybe she wasn't cut out for this; maybe she was failing all of these bright, hopeful students. 

The emotions welled up in her again, but she tried to forget about them so that she could enjoy her precious weekend. The one good thing about this school year is that she'd met some incredible women, fellow teachers also relatively new to teaching. Together they had talked and vented and held each other up. Now, that was not exactly true; there had been more good things about this year than just the relationships she had formed, but at this point, it was hard to remember any of her successes in the classroom. But, that was her personality; she tended to be overwhelmed by her failures.

Tonight, they were having a sleepover. It was strange, perhaps, for four grown women to gather in their fuzzy pajamas, drink wine, eat popcorn, and watch a romantic comedy together, but it had become sort of a weekly Friday night tradition, and if Michelle could say one thing for sure, it was the thing in her life to which she looked most forward.

Laura was hosting tonight. She lived in a small apartment near the mall. At work, she kept her curly hair tied up in a neat bun and wore a series of well-tailored pants suits. But, tonight, her hair was down and she was at ease in her thick bunny themed pajama pants and matching slippers.

She poured everyone a glass of wine. "To another week," she said, holding up her glass.

"To another week," chanted Amy. "I thought it would never end." 

"Let's drink!" said Emily. And with that, the girls took a long gulp of wine and the weekend officially began. The moment seemed full of possibility and promise; time seemed to stretch out before them and with the wine assisting, they began to relax and feel the tensions of the week lift from their shoulders. 

The night passed as usual: a wonderful romantic comedy and several bottles of wine. By the time the movie was over, all four were a little tipsy, but they decided to open another bottle, because they were feeling so good.

"I just like movies like that. They are so hopeful. Everything works out in the end," said Michelle.

"Yeah, like it makes you believe that Jeremy will break up with that girl he's seeing and maybe he'll notice me," said Amy, zipping down the zipper of her hoodie a little, for comedic effect.

The girls laughed. 

"Not if he notices me first," said Laura. "I'm making a special effort to find reasons to be in the gym while he's teaching. He really fills out those grey sweats, if you know what I mean."

"Oh, I know. Personally, I think he fills them out a little more when he sees me. If you know what I mean," said Emily, smiling, emphasizing the last phrase. Emily was blonde, pale and freckled. She had been teaching for three years now and was starting to get the hang of the rhythms of the school year, and starting to manage the emotional ups and downs a little more. She was wearing a low cut tank top under a blue cardigan and, of course, the required fuzzy pajamas and slippers.

"Look at us," said Amy. "Drooling over a man. It sounds like we all need a little action in our lives." As she said this, she gathered her short black hair into a ponytail, fixing it with an elastic she wore around her wrist. With her hands above her head, her hoodie rode up just enough to reveal an inch of flat stomach above her waistband.

"I need some action in the worst way," said Michelle. "It's been since August. I just haven't had the time. Or the energy."

"Oh, what happened in August?" asked Amy.

"Um. Well, I was at home, visiting my parents and at night, I met up with this guy James who I'd gone to highschool with and then things just sort of happened."

"Did he go down on you?" asked Laura.

Everyone laughed at the boldness of the question, but then everyone turned back to Michelle, expecting an answer.

"He always does," she responded, laughing and blushing slightly.

Laura said: "God, you're lucky. The last guy I hooked up with, Todd, he just didn't get the message. He kissed me a few times on my thighs and I thought, 'Okay, here we go,' but then nothing."

"Well, what do you expect with a guy named Todd."

"I guess you're right. I'll know for next time. Anyone else? How long has it been for you, Amy?"

"Okay, well, confession time. It was last weekend."

"Last weekend," shouted Emily. "Get out of here. I don't think you belong." "Oh trust me. It had been a while before that. I belong here. But, I was out at a club with my sister and this guy was hitting on me, and I just thought 'Why not?'."

"And?"

"It was actually pretty good. He had a pretty big cock, you know. I wasn't expecting that. He had me on my knees, you know, ready to suck him off, and then he pulled it out, and I was like 'Goddamn.' But, it turned out pretty good. He lasted a long time."

"And?"

"And he ate me out. Is that what you want to hear. He ate my big, fat pussy until I came."

"Oh my god," said Emily laughing. "That's the greatest thing I've ever heard."

"What about you, Emily?" asked Laura.

Emily thought about her recent encounter with the massage therapist. A woman. Joni. Someone she couldn't stop thinking about. She smiled inside, but only said: "I haven't had any action since I broke up with Tim."

"That was in June? Are you serious?"

"It's been a dry spell, but I was with Tim for quite a while, so really it has only been in the last little while that I've been feeling the urge again."

Around and around they talked, keeping it light and conversational. But, each in turn was reminded of their very real longings for intimacy and closeness and for that amazing relief that an orgasm could bring. Each remembered, in flashes quickly pushed aside, how they'd made due. Michelle liked to look at herself in a full length mirror; she liked to be completely naked and just use her fingers, her other hand exploring her body. Amy liked to make an evening out of it, get dressed in lingerie, put on some porn, edge close to an orgasm before pulling back at the last minute, adding fingers each time until she could slide her whole hand into her wet pussy; then, she'd finish with a bath and a glass of white wine. Laura was a dildo woman; she had quite a collection, including a plug for her asshole, which she'd sometimes put in before she went for groceries and then, by the time she got back, she'd be so wet just thinking about the fact that she was out in public with a plug in her ass, that she'd just need a few seconds with her vibrator before she got off. Completely unbeknownst to everyone, Emily had been a compulsive masturbator in high school and for the most part, she'd been successful in curbing this habit by working out instead, but sometimes she allowed herself a quick guilty backslide; she liked doing it in bathrooms; she liked to find a stall at work or when she was out shopping, slide down her jeans or her skirt up and rub herself vigorously until she came, trying to silence her pleasure with gritted teeth.

But, all that lived under the surface. At work, they were professional, dedicated teachers, dressed in responsible pants suits, skirts and dark nylons with blouses button properly, hair neat, faces made up, shoes that were stylish, but functional for a long day on the job. It was impossible to tell that underneath their earnestness, their compassion, their commitment to curriculum and students, there lived another self, a private self, a sensual and sexual being that belonged only to themselves. Even when they were with someone, even in a long term relationship, there were things that remained hidden, unseen, secret.

"I never want this night to end," said Michelle, now teetering between tipsy and fully drunk.

"Let's not let it. Coffee?" asked Laura.

There was a feeble response from Amy and Emily, who were drifting from drunk into sleepiness. 

"Okay, well I'm still awake," said Michelle.

"Hey, I've bought some new clothes," said Laura. "I was wondering if I could get your opinion on them?"

"I love doing that. I'm working to build my own wardrobe, now that I'm working full time. I'd love to help you, and get some ideas of my own."

Laura and Michelle went into Laura's bedroom, while Amy and Emily began to shuffle off to the bathroom to brush their teeth.

Laura had a decent sized walk-in closet, which was filled with clothes, shoes, jewelry, and other accessories. 

"Wow," said Michelle. "I'm jealous."

"Don't be," said Laura laughing. "Most of it I can't wear anymore. I just haven't got around to getting rid of things yet. Now, let me try on a few things for you." She directed Michelle to sit on the bed and wait.

The closet had a door, but Laura didn't close it so the two could keep chatting while she changed. Michelle was surprised, but couldn't help watch Laura slip out of her pajamas and slippers and slide her t-shirt up over her head. She realized that Laura had not been wearing any underwear, and caught a quick glimpse of the dark hair between her legs before Laura pulled a black evening dress over her head and smoothed it out.

"Now, I bought this in the hopes that one day I would have the opportunity to go out somewhere," said Laura laughing. "Can you help to zip up the back?"

Michelle helped with the zipper, noticing a small tattoo of an orchid on her back.

Laura turned around: "What do you think?"

"Amazing. Amazing," was all that Michelle could say.

"Okay, next outfit. Unzip?" said Laura. As she moved just inside the door, she pulled the evening dress over her head. Michelle saw the exhilarating flash of flesh, her thighs, her breasts pulled up as she brought her arms up over her head, her nipples dark and pointed.

Michelle was surprised at how this made her feel. Wet. And confused. And maybe a little drunk. 

There were several outfits. All the while, the girls kept up a light conversation, never acknowledging the growing intensity and strangeness of the moment. The last outfit was a bodysuit that Laura paired with jeans. The fabric was pulled so tightly over her body that her hard nipples were clearly visible, the neckline plunged almost to her bellybutton. 

"Do you think I could wear this to school?" she said, laughing.

"I don't think that would fly. It might get Jeremy's attention though." They laughed again. Laura put her arms around Michelle in a kind of loose hug. "I'm so glad that we started together. It's so good to have a really good friend to work with and the share things with. I don't know what I'd do without you."

"I feel the same way. Really."

"Hey," said Laura, "We're about the same size. Why don't you try something on?"

Michelle nodded and they walked into the closet. She looked at the clothes, but they all felt too distinctly Laura's and in the end she couldn't find anything she wanted to try on. All along, Laura was making suggestions, and finally, after the fifth refusal she dug in a drawer and said: "How about this?"

It was an incredible red lace and mesh halter babydoll slip. Michelle looked at the outfit and then looked at Laura's face, which wore a small smile, but Michelle couldn't tell if she was joking or not.

"Wow, that looks really sexy. Have you ever had a chance to put it to use?"

"I actually 'slipped into something more comfortable' when I had Todd over. A lot of good it did me. I'd love for you to have it. Try it on."

She wasn't joking. At least not anymore. 

"Okay," said Michelle. "I will, but don't laugh." Laura made a sign that promised not to and backed out of the closet, just to give her enough space, but instead of waiting on the bed, she leaned up against the doorframe, her arms folded.

Michelle looked at her and thought about asking for some privacy, but then decided against it and pulled off her fuzzy pajamas and underwear all at once. Then, off came her sweatshirt and now, self-consciously, she fumbled with the thin lingerie to get the straps in order, then, as quickly as possible, pulled it over her head.

Laura drank in Michelle's body, her full breasts and hips, her strong thighs and shapely calves, the delicious curve of her round ass.

"Oh my god," said Laura. "Now, you have to take it. You look so much better in it than I do."

"Nonsense," said Michelle, smiling.

Laura said: "I don't think you'll need to wait long to get some action wearing that." Michelle knew what she meant and she blushed all over, felt a rush of heat and wetness in her pussy, felt the bottoms of her feet sweating, her knees go weak, her heart flutter. 

"I...." and then they were kissing, pressed up against the dresser, Laura's mouth felt hot and cold at the same time, her tongue slipping deftly into Michelle's mouth. 

"You've done this before," Michelle whispered between kisses.

"I have," said Laura, her hand sliding down Michelle's body to rest on her inner thigh.

"You'll have to teach me."

"That's what I'm good at," said Laura laughing softly.

Laura moved Michelle out of the closet and onto the bed. She pulled off her jeans and undid the button on her bodysuit. She spread Michelle's legs and began to kiss up her thighs until she reached the light brown fuzz of her pussy; inhaling deeply, she plunged in, her lips and breath providing the heat while her tongue searched for the clit. 

Michelle arched her back and bucked her hips moaning small phrases of encouragement. Laura pushed her thighs further apart, spreading her completely; Michelle felt a small tinge of resistance prickling in the back of her mind at how vulnerable, how completely open she was, but the waves of soft, warm pleasure eased that feeling and mutated it until her submission was all part of the ecstasy. 

Just as Michelle began to see the finish line, Laura pulled back and stood up. She lifted the bodysuit over her head and said: "Now, you do me." Without giving much of an opportunity for thought, Laura crawled over Michelle so that she was straddling her face. 

"Just stick your tongue out and make it sharp," said Laura. When Michelle complied, she began rubbing her pussy back and forth in short sharp strokes, alternating occasionally with a couple deep long strokes, where she forced Michelle's tongue all the way inside her. 

Unlike Michelle whose moans were barely audible, Laura didn't hold back much. She began with a low "yes" repeated through gritted teeth with each stroke, but as the moment up with her, they became louder, shriller, and much more passionate; when she forced herself down hard onto Michelle's face she added an extra loud: "God, yes!"

Meanwhile, Amy and Emily were not asleep, as they had intended to be. When Laura and Michelle went into Laura's bedroom to go through her wardrobe, Amy and Emily had headed to the bathroom to brush their teeth. But, once they'd laid down into their sleeping bags, they started talking again.

"So, not since June, eh?" said Amy, returning to a previous conversation.

"Um, yeah, that's right. It's been all summer and all winter. I don't know which is worse."

"It's all terrible. You must...." started Amy, but trailed off.

"I run," said Emily, anticipating her thought. "A lot."

They laughed.

"Okay, actually, I have a confession."

Suddenly Amy felt more awake. "What is it?"

"It's been since June since I was with a man."

"I know, and.... Oh! Goddamn, girl!" said Amy, picking up on what Emily was hinting at. 

"It was last week. I had a massage and I just sensed that, well, you know, if I wanted it I could get it."

"From your massage therapist?"

"Yes, I called her back for a home visit."

"How was it?" asked Amy, fully engaged.

"It was actually great. Have you ever?"

Amy thought back to that one summer at camp where she and her friend Victoria had been lying in a hammock; they were positioned head to toe and ostensibly, both were sleeping, but Amy had felt Victoria's hand brush her inner thigh and when it happened again, instead of waking up and demanding it to stop, she pretended to shift in her sleep to give her friend greater access. When Victoria had finally pushed her finger up inside her pussy, Amy began to rock the hammock gently, all without ever admitting to being awake. When it was over, they both pretended to wake up from a very refreshing nap and they never spoke of it again. 

"Not really, no," she said.

Sounds from the bedroom cut into their conversation.

"What are those two doing in there?"

"It sounds like.... It can't be."

It was. Curiosity got the better of them and they opened the bedroom door to peak in. They saw Laura, completely naked, riding Michelle's face. Michelle, for her part, was partially dressed in red lingerie, which, by now, had ridden all the way up; her legs were spread wide, and she seemed to be bucking against an invisible cock. 

"Oh my God, you guys," shrieked Amy. "What are you doing?"

Startled, Laura rolled off and tried to cover herself with a pillow, Michelle smoothed down the lingerie, still not covering much. 

"I don't know. I don't know. It just happened," said Laura. "It just... it just was...right."

Michelle couldn't speak at all.

Emily broke first, laughing as she sat down on the bed beside Michelle. "What a coincidence," she said. "Before we heard you guys, I was just telling Amy about something similar I did last week with my massage therapist. It seems it's in the air." She began gently rubbing Michelle's bare leg, first to calm her, but then her strokes became suggestively longer. "Maybe this is fortuitous," she said allowing her fingers to brush the edge of Michelle's bush.

"Amy?"

"This is all Todd's fault," said Amy, smiling. "If he'd just done his job, Laura wouldn't have been so goddamn horny."

They laughed. "Show us that big, fat pussy," said Emily.