 A few days after our first encounter by the pool, Sally called and wanted to know if it was okay come over for a while. Of course I said yes and told her I would be home all afternoon. About ten minutes later, the doorbell rang and there stood Sally in her thong bikini again. She was absolutely gorgeous and my mind immediately went back in time to a few days ago when I first made love to her by the pool.

"I thought we could continue where we left off the other day" she said with a smile on her face. 

"I would love to baby" I replied. "Come on in and let's talk about it." We went to the living room and sat next to each other on the couch. "Sally" I said. "What happened the other day was one of the most exciting sexual encounters I have ever had. You are a beautiful and sexy girl and I would love to have you as a lover, but I am also concerned what would happen if your parents ever found out. We have been friends for a long time and I wouldn't want to jeopardize that friendship."

"Don't worry Chris" she quipped. "They will never know and besides, there is no way I am going to stop seeing you. I have always fantasized about making love to another woman and you opened up a whole new world for me. I have a lot to learn and you have a lot of teaching to do." I leaned over and kissed her and she pulled me to her and kissed me passionately. "I am so hot for you" she moaned. "I want you to teach me everything!"

"Baby, I don't know if you are ready for everything just yet. Maybe we should take it really slow" I said as I removed her bikini top to expose her lovely tits. "Chris, you don't understand. I have all afternoon and I want you to teach me everything today" she replied.

I leaned down and took one nipple in my mouth and the other in my fingers and started working on her tits, making her moan with delight. "Nobody has ever made me feel the way you do" she moaned. While still sucking on her tit, I reached down and pushed her bottoms down her thigh. I started kissing down her stomach until I reached her sweet, smooth pussy and flicked my tongue over her clit. She jumped and arched her hips into my face. "Wait a minute" she said. "It is my turn to pleasure you. How can I learn if I don't try it?" I was very pleased to hear her say that, and I got up and started removing my clothes. "Let's take this to the bedroom" I told her and took her hand, leading her down the hall to it. By the time we got there, I was completely undressed and as we approached the bed, I pulled her to me and kissed her. She gently pushed me onto the bed and climbed on top of me. She kissed me for a long time, her hands fondling my tits. Then she moved down and took my left nipple in her mouth and gently sucked it. "I am doing it right?" she asked. "Oh yes baby" I moaned. "Just do the things that make you feel good, the way you like to have them done to you. You can't go wrong."

Sally spent about 10 minutes sucking and playing with my tits. I came several times while she was doing this and she seemed pleased that she was able to make me cum just playing with my tits. She then started licking my belly and moving lower until she reached my shaved pussy. "I may need some help here" she said. "I've never done this before and I want to do it right for you."

"Do what seems natural" I told her. "The best way to learn is to try things yourself. I will tell you if you are not doing it right of if there is something I need you to do. You are doing great so far, just feel how wet my pussy is."

She reached up with her right hand and spread my lips to find a soaking wet pussy. "Wonderful" she squealed as she moved her fingers along my slit. "Can I eat you Chris?" she asked. "Of course baby" I replied. "You can eat me until I pass out if you like." Sally laughed at that statement and lowered her mouth to my pussy again and found my clit. Her tongue danced all over my hard clit and it wasn't long before she had the hang of it and was working her tongue all along my slit, from my ass to my clit. She was driving me crazy and I had already cum several times when she moved her hand up again and slid a finger into my soaking wet cunt. I nearly jumped off the bed and I think it scared her because she jump up and said "Did I hurt you?"

"No baby" I moaned. "You just made me cum soooooo hard and intense. Don't stop and there will be more of the same, but keep going. I love to be finger fucked. In fact, if you are good at it, I have a surprise for you."

Sally looked at me questioningly but smiled and went back to work eating me. Her finger re-entered my pussy and I told her where to find my sweet spot. As she curled her finger toward my abdomen, she pushed a little deeper and when she found my spot, I came hard and raised my hips to meet her thrusting finger. This seemed to really please her and she started finger fucking me harder while licking and sucking my clit. I began writhing under her and was soon cumming very often and very intense. "Sally you are very good at this" I moaned. "Are you sure you never did this before?" She giggled and assured me that this was her first time but she was having fun and really enjoyed it. "Baby I want you to add another finger and fuck me hard" I told her. She did as I requested and was soon fucking me harder with 2 fingers. "Add another" I moaned, and she did as instructed, ramming 3 of her fingers in and out of my pussy. "Doesn't that hurt?" she asked. "No baby, it is wonderful and I want you to put all 4 of your fingers in me."

"No way!" Sally groaned. "You can't take all 4 fingers in there can you?" I looked her straight in the eye and told her that not only was she going to get all of her fingers in there, but in just a few minutes she was going to have her whole hand inside me, driving me crazy. "I could never do that Chris" she said. "It will tear your pussy or damage it somehow." I assured her that it would be okay and that I have done it many times. "Work all of your fingers inside me baby" I begged. Sally re-inserted 3 fingers then slowly added a 4th with ease. She started fucking me harder and I was cumming like crazy. I needed to rest for a minute so I told her to stop for a second and get the lube from the nightstand. When she opened the drawer and saw my collection of toys and dildoes, she got a big grin on her face. "I was hoping that you had some of these" she said. "We'll get to those a little later. Right now just grab the lube and come here" I instructed.

She returned to her position between my legs and I told her to apply plenty of lubricant to my pussy, inside and out, and on her right hand and arm. "There is no way you can do this" she said. "Baby I promise you I have done this many times and it is wonderful" I replied. "You will enjoy doing it too, now prepare yourself as I have told you." Sally lubed her hand and arm and then I instructed her to re-insert 4 fingers inside me. She did so with ease and began to finger fuck me hard again. When I felt the time was right, I told her to tuck her thumb into her fingers and slowly work her whole hand into me. Reluctantly, Sally again did as instructed and pushed her hand against my pussy until the large part was wedged tightly against my outer opening. "It won't go in!" she groaned. "Yes it will baby, push harder" I replied. Sally pushed harder and suddenly her hand slipped inside my cunt and started working it's way deeper inside me. "My God" she gasped. "I don't believe this!"

I then instructed her to slowly push deeper and stop when she hit bottom. It took her forever because she was so timid, but she finally reached the entrance to my cervix and stopped there. "Now slowly pull back out until only your hand is still inside me, then slowly fuck me with your hand" I moaned. Sally again did as instructed and soon she had developed a rhythm and was fucking me good. "Harder......fuck me harder" I commanded. She really started driving her hand into me and I was cumming hard. I was bucking wildly, trying to force her arm deeper inside me and when I looked into her eyes, I could tell that Sally was really getting into fist fucking me. She was fucking me so hard that I started to cum continuously and shaking all over. I felt faint and knew that I was going to pass out soon from the pleasure that she was giving me, but I didn't want to scare her so I reached down and took her arm in my hands and made her slow her pace. 

My orgasms subsided as Sally slowed down her fucking and I told her that I had to stop. "I just can't cum anymore baby" I moaned. "Chris, that is the wildest thing I have ever done or witnessed. Does it really feel as good it looked like it did?" she asked. "Oh yes baby, there is nothing better. You will have to try it some time" I responded. Sally slowly removed her hand and moved up to kiss me. We locked in a very passionate kiss, a very long one. "Chris, I love you" she said. "I want you to make love to me NOW!

I did, but that is another story :)