 Jennie pressed a finger into her thigh to check the progress of her tanning. She flopped back into the lounge chair, her arms dropping over the side. 'I'm bored, bored, bored,' kept racing through her mind. So this was supposed to be one of the great times of her life, high school behind her, college just ahead. Her mother kept telling her, "Relax, enjoy the free time. I wish I could be in your shoes." 

'Enjoy the free time,' yeah, right she thought. 'All my friends are working or vacationing, nowhere to go, and nothing to do. Lots of fun!' Good thing her Mom's big feet wouldn't fit in her shoes.

The sound of a car pulling into her neighbor's driveway interrupted her silent bitching. She opened one eye just in time to see an attractive, older woman walking to the front door carrying a suitcase. 'I wonder who that could be?' Jennie thought. She knew the Walkers were away for the summer. Their daughter, her friend Melissa, was still home, but Jennie didn't think her parents would have a babysitter for a 21-year-old girl. ' No biggie,' she said to herself, her curiosity quickly replaced by her boredom.

That evening, she happened to glance out her bedroom window and noticed the car was still in the driveway. The lights were out in Melissa's house except for the glow of candlelight coming from the living room. 'Hmmmmmm, now what is our little Melissa up to, I wonder?' Jennie whispered to herself. She knew Melissa had gone the girl-girl route. The two of them had even played "let's get to know each other better" a year or so ago. She did love Melissa's body, long and slender with tiny titties and hard nipples. Her ass was just perfect. Not an ounce of fat or flab - very girlish. Jennie, on the other hand, was built more like a woman, full, firm breasts and a shapely ass. The boys always seemed to like her figure and she never tried to hide it from them. But she had to admit that no boy had pleased her quite the way Melissa had. And now she was alone in her house with some strange, older woman... Jennie couldn't resist, she had to check it out.

She tripped over the little juniper bush in the dark and almost fell headfirst into Melissa's living room window. Luckily, she caught the window frame with her hand. Jennie froze, half expecting someone would come to the window, but after a few moments, realized no one had heard her. She peeked through the lace curtain and had to catch her breath. 'Wow! You little slut!' ran through her mind.

Inside, sitting on the couch was an older woman. Jennie guessed she had to be in her forties or fifties. She wore a black mesh bodysuit with cut outs for her large breasts and although Jennie couldn't see because Melissa's head was buried in there, she assumed a cut out in the crouch. The woman wore long, spiked heels and in one hand held a riding crop and in the other a leash tied to a collar around Melissa's neck. As she heard the woman barking commands, Jennie's attention focused on her friend, Melissa. She was kneeling on the floor in front of the woman, completely naked but for the collar. Her hands were bound behind her, her face in the woman's pussy, head bobbing up and down as she lapped at the glistening juices flowing from the smooth, shaven pussy. Jennie could feel her own wetness starting so she reached into her panties and began to rub her clit. Each time the woman struck Melissa's bare ass with the riding crop, Jennie could feel a throb in her own clit. She had never witnessed anything so erotic. She desperately wanted to feel the blows striking Melissa ... wanted to have her face pulled against that musky wetness. But Melissa could be a real bitch! She needed a plan.

In her room, Jennie lit candles and played with her digital camera until she had the setting just right She quickly returned to her spot in front of Melissa's window and peeked in. 

'Damn! This is even better!' 

The older woman had removed her outfit and was standing in the middle of the room. Melissa was kneeling before her, her head lowered to the woman's feet, licking her toes. An occasional blow from the riding crop fell across Melissa backside. Jennie wanted to just watch, but she had work to do. She focused the camera and clicked off a couple of pictures, checking to make sure they were clear. Soon she heard Melissa pleading with the woman, "Please, Mistress, please fuck me."

"Do you think you deserve to be fucked?" Jennie heard her ask.

"No. I know I am not worthy, Mistress," Melissa replied. "But I beg you."

Jennie watch with excitement as Melissa scurried to the chair and retrieved a strap-on harness with a large, life-like dong attached to it. She snapped off a few more pics of Melissa pulling the device over her Mistress' hips and securing it tightly. She remained kneeling in front of her Mistress and began to lick and suck the rubbery cock. The woman then pulled her up by the leash and escorted her to the couch where she bent her over the arm, her ass sticking up ready to accept her reward. Jennie could see it slowly disappear into Melissa's pussy and hear her moans as the woman yanked her head back with the leash. It was primitive, brutal and Jennie had it all captured with the camera. The fucking lasted a long time. Melissa was bucking her hips back savagely to force the dong deep into her dripping pussy, her Mistress grabbing her hair and pulling her back against her flopping breasts. Jennie came several times rubbing her clit as she witnessed the display. When it was over, Jennie heard the Mistress command Melissa to clean it up. She took the dong deep into her mouth again and again until she had sucked and licked it clean.

Jennie had started to leave to begin loading the pictures into her computer when she heard the Mistress command, "I have to pee now, slut!" She returned to the window to see Melissa between the woman's spread legs, her mouth engulfing her pussy. She saw Melissa's throat in the motion of swallowing and knew she drinking this woman's pee. 'How can she degrade herself like this?' Jennie wondered as she turned to return to her room.

Melissa reached across her bed and was awakened by the emptiness she encountered. The sunlight streaming through the windows hurt her eyes as she looked to see where Jill might be. The next thing she noticed was the smell of coffee and bacon. 

"Melissa!" she heard Jill calling. "Breakfast is ready. Wake up!" She smiled. Her mother had given up on trying to get her up for breakfast long ago.

"Be right there!" she answered as she jumped from bed and hurried to the bathroom. She sat on the toilet musing how she never knew pee could be erotic. She dried herself, threw on a robe and bounced down the stairs to the kitchen. Jill had her back to her cooking eggs at the stove. Melissa quietly snuck up behind her and was about to wrap her arms around her Mistress.

"You not very good at sneaking up on people," Jill suddenly said. "But continue with whatever you planned."

Melissa let out her sweet giggle and hugged her lover tightly from behind. 

"Don't you dare say anything about how your mother would cook you breakfast," Jill joked. "I may be more than old enough, but after last night, I don't think you can confuse me with your mother."

'No, Mistress," Melissa replied. "I can never do that."

"You may call me Jill during the day, little slut." Jill instructed.

"Thank you, Mistr... ah, Jill"

"You're welcome. Now sit down and let's eat. You must be hungry."

"Let me get the paper. I'll be right back." Melissa answered as she headed to the front door. She was gone for too long and Jill followed her path to the door. She saw Melissa holding the paper in one hand and pictures in the other. She was visibly upset.


"What's wrong, dear?" Jill asked.

Melissa was unable to reply. She handed the photos to Jill. She shuffled through each page, a look of anger appearing on her face. At the end of the pile, she found the note and read it thoroughly.

"OK, who is this Jennie bitch?" she demanded.

"My neighbor. A girl - young, just out of high school." Melissa stammered. "We used to play once in a while."

"What do you mean play? When you were little?" Jill asked.

"Yes... uh no... I mean yes, we did play when we were little but lately more than that." Melissa sobbed. "We sort of got naked together and played with my vibrators. It was just innocent fun, nothing serious or anything."

"Well, she's gotten serious now," Jill sneered. "She hasn't asked for money, so I'm not sure what her game is. She wants to come over and talk tonight. Fine! She doesn't know who she's messing with here. Stop crying, damn it! Let's eat and then we can get ready for our little blackmailer."

Jennie waited for her parents to leave for dinner. She had told them she would be sleeping at Melissa's. She had laughed to herself when she had said that. She would be at Melissa's but she didn't plan to sleep. She knocked on the back door and soon Melissa appeared and opened the door. She turned and walked to the living room without saying a word. Jennie followed close behind. When they entered, Melissa immediately moved to Jill, who was standing in the middle of the room wearing her black mesh outfit and heels, holding her riding crop in her hand. She glared at Jennie.

"Sit down, dear," she said curtly. "I believe we have much to talk about."

Jennie sat in the chair and Melissa knelt next to her Mistress' feet.

"Melissa!" Jill commanded.

Without another word, Melissa removed her clothes and returned to her Mistress' feet. Jill moved to the couch and returned with Melissa's collar and leash, placing it securely around her neck.

"Is this better than seeing us through a window, deary?" Jill asked Jennie. She smacked Melissa across the buttocks with her crop. "Now I have been wondering all day what our little Jennie might want from us. You do want something, don't you?"

Jennie was getting frightened. The tone of Jill's voice was menacing. She started to wonder if this was such a good idea.

She began to answer in a soft voice, "I want what..."

Jill smacked Melissa with the crop again. "Speak up, girl! You were so sure of yourself when you took the pictures. What do you want!"

Jennie's stomach turned. She watched Melissa grimace each time the crop fell against her bare ass and felt she was causing her this pain.

Summoning up her courage, she stood and looked Jill directly in the eye and said, "I want what Melissa has. I want you to take me the way you took Melissa."

"Oh, so the little girl is jealous and it isn't fair that Melissa has a toy and you don't!" Jill belittled her. "The spoiled little girl has to have it, too, does she?"

"I'm not a little girl!" Jennie shouted.

A hard blow to Melissa's ass brought tears to her eyes. Her Mistress was angry and it frightened her.

"You are a little girl and if you wish to stay in this room, you will tell me, 'Mistress, I am a little girl! A little, spoiled girl!'"

Jennie could feel the rush of blood to her head as her anger rose. Nobody could talk to her like that! She wanted to tell this bitch 'go fuck your self', but she couldn't. And when she realized that she couldn't the anger left her and she lowered her head and said softly, "I'm a spoiled little girl."

Another blow cracked across Melissa's ass. Melissa blurted out, " Mistress! Call her Mistress!"

Jennie saw the helpless pleading in her friend's eyes. "Mistress, I am a spoiled, little child."

"Better!" Jill said. "Perhaps we will let you play, little girl. You do want to play, don't you?"

"Yes, Mistress. I want to play."

"Very good. Melissa, I think you should prepare your little friend for our playtime."

Melissa rose and approached Jennie. She grabbed the collar of her blouse and ripped it open and pulled it off her body. Jennie felt a wave of fear and excitement course through her. Melissa removed her bra and pulled her shorts and panties to the floor.

'Mmmmmmmmm doesn't our little girl have a luscious body, Melissa?" Jill observed. "I think tonight is going to be quite enjoyable." 

She handed Melissa a roll of duct tape and ordered Jennie to put her hands behind her back. Melissa wound the tape around her wrists securely. After forcing her feet together, she wound the tape around her ankles.

"Very good, Melissa," Jill said as she approached the bound Jennie. A hard blow to her butt quickly followed. She winched in pain. "You do not have permission to look at me directly! Do you understand?" 

She quickly lowered her gaze. "Yes, I understand." Another harder blow struck her breasts. "What? Would you repeat that!" Jill demanded.

'Oh my God, I forgot,' she thought. "Yes, Mistress, I understand."

"Much better. Melissa, do you like her nipples?" Jill asked as she flicked the crop against them.

"Yes, I do, Mistress. I like them very much." 

"Mmmmmm, but they are not quite hard enough for my purposes," Jill said coyly. "Please suck them for me."

Melissa approached Jennie and smiled. Pulling her long, brown hair behind her, she lowered her face to Jennie's full mounds and drew a nipple into her mouth. She suckled it gently and Jennie moaned. She did the same to the other nipple and could tell Jennie was enjoying every moment. Then she bit down hard on the hardening nipple and Jennie pulled back in pain. 'Uh oh,' Melissa thought. 'She'll pay for that.' She was right. Jill struck her hard on the ass and followed with a few strikes to Jennie's nipples.

"Never pull away from the pleasures we give you! Do you understand, little girl!" Jill shouted.

Tears flowed from her eyes. "Yes, Mistress. I understand."

Jill grabbed both of Jennie's nipples in her hands and began to squeeze and twist them. Jennie absorbed the pain in silence.

"Does it excite you to be at my mercies?" Jill asked. "You were a bad girl last night, taking all those pictures. Melissa is your friend and you betrayed her." With one hand, she reached down and grasped Jennie's throbbing clit and began to increase the pressure of her hold. "You were a bad girl, were you not!"

Jennie nodded her head in agreement, biting her lip to keep from screaming.

"You must make it up to Melissa," Jill continued. "I love her very much and you made her cry today."

"I'm sorry, Mistress," Jennie sobbed. "I will do anything to make it up to Melissa."

"Yes, yes you will, sweetie," Jill replied. "Melissa! Sit on the couch!"

Melissa moved quickly to the couch spreading her legs in anticipation of Jill's next move. She forced Jennie onto her knees and forced her to crawl to Melissa waiting pussy.

"You will give my love pleasure like she has never received," Jill commanded and pushed Jennie's face to the smooth, wet lips waiting there. Jennie started to lick the juices from around Melissa's pussy, letting her tongue flick the hard clit she found there. Melissa moaned and grabbed Jennie's hair pulling her tight against her mound.

"Eat my cunt, you little slut!" she ordered. Jennie eagerly complied. Melissa wrapped her long legs around Jennie's head as the first wave of an orgasm pulsed through her. She threw Jennie on her back on the floor and straddled her head between her legs, letting her juices drip into her mouth. She lowered her wet pussy onto her face and began to grind it against Jennie's mouth, smothering her. Jennie panicked and tried to free her arms and legs, but Jill pressed her body against the floor.

'They're going to kill me!' raced through her mind.

Just when she was about to pass out, Melissa lifted her pussy from her face. She gasped for breath. She felt her arms and legs being unbound.

"That was for being a bad girl," Jill told her. "And to remind you that you must play by my rules."

"Yes Mistress, yes," Jennie gasped. "Always."

"Good! Now, on all fours, love. I think you will like how we play."

Jennie rolled over onto her knees and watched as Jill adjusted the strap-on around Melissa's slender hips. Jennie smiled. She had thought about being fucked by the strap-on all day. Melissa moved behind her and she felt the rubbery dong pushing against her swollen lips. It slid in with little effort, her Mistress noting that she had a well-used pussy for such a young girl. Melissa slowly increased the rhythm of her strokes and Jennie felt her first orgasm building within. She closed her eyes, enjoying the feeling. Melissa slid her thumb into Jennie's open ass and let it push against the thin membrane, feeling the dong slide in and out. Before she could cum, she opened her eyes to see her Mistress' fabulous pussy inched from her face. She leaned forward and buried her tongue deep into the waiting moisture. It was overpowering. The scent of this older woman along with the pounding her pussy was receiving brought on the most powerful orgasm she had ever experienced. It would not stop. She forced her hips back onto Melissa's dong and attacked the pussy in front of her with an eager tongue. 

The waves passed and she focused more intently on bringing her Mistress to her climax. She twisted her tongue around the incredibly hard clit. She felt her head being pulled tight to the object of her desires, but didn't panic this time. She lapped the juices flowing from her Mistress' pussy with delight until exhausted, they both withdrew. 

Melissa pulled the cock from Jennie's pussy and brought it to her mouth to clean. She sucked and licked her own juices from it just as she had watched the night before.

She was kneeling in the center of the room bathing in the glow of passion that she could have only imagined before, when she heard the sharp command of her Mistress.

"Jennie I have to pee!

Without a moment's hesitation, she placed her face between her Mistress' spread legs and clamped her mouth over the wet pussy. She felt the first spurt enter her mouth and opened her throat to receive it. It gushed into her mouth and try as she may, she could not keep up with it, some of it flowing out of her mouth, over her breasts and onto the floor. 

It was Melissa who struck her across the ass with the crop. "You never waste her gifts!" she chastised. 'It's a good thing you get a second chance. Jennie! I have to pee."

Jennie quickly placed her mouth over Melissa's lips and let the warm fluid run down her throat. She was able to take it all this time and felt very pleased with herself.

Jill moved to her and took her chin in her hand, raising her face. She leaned down and kissed Jennie deeply. "You've learned how to play, little girl. It's time for bed."