 Sorry I've been away so long, my horny loves. Losing your password and your stories is not fun! I lost my password to my other account, latenightkiss as well. So I will be re-publishing those two story threads (Demands on Him and Ice Mistress) under this account as well.

*****

Recap: In the last installment, Zoe and Sadie met up for the first time in a bar after Zoe made a profile on a lesbian dating app after a night of too much wine. They hit it off and headed back to Sadie's place for a night of Sapphic love. 

***

Zoe hummed and rolled over onto her side. After Sadie had made her cum a half-dozen times with her mouth between her thighs she had passed out from the bliss. She had been so hoping that Sadie would fuck her senseless with her strap-on last night, but all Sadie had done was eat her out each time she had asked for a hard fucking.

Gentle fingers trailed up the curve of her waist and the side of her breast, causing her eyes to flutter open. Her pale green eyes met Sadie's brown ones and she smiled. "Good morning, gorgeous," she whispered, her voice still husky from sleep and screaming orgasms.

Sadie's mouth met hers in a brief kiss. "Good morning, lover. How are you feeling?"

Zoe took a quick inventory and grinned. "I feel fantastic. I feel like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders."

Sadie grinned in return. "So, no regrets about last night?"

"None."

Their mouths met again, longer this time. Their tongues dueled for control as their teeth nipped at each other's lips. When they finally drew apart to catch their breath, Sadie asked if she was ready to learn more.

"Fuck yes. Can I eat you out now? Are you going to fuck me?"

Sadie chuckled. "Such an eager beaver."

"Eager for your beaver." They both laughed at the cheesy line.

"Spread your legs, baby," Sadie ordered, reaching over into the nightstand drawer.

Zoe shivered, hoping that the strap-on would finally be coming out to play. All that emerged from the drawer was a bottle of lube, though. "Aren't you going to fuck me?"

Sadie flipped open the cap of the bottle and shook her head. "That will come soon enough. Right now, you need to spread your legs."

Zoe obeyed. Her embarrassment at someone else seeing so much of her wasn't present with Sadie as it has been with the few men she had slept with. She watched with rapt fascination as Sadie tipped the bottle over her quivering pussy and drizzled lube over her pink lips. The lube slid over her lips to her aching slit, feeling warm instead of cool, and leaving a trail of fire behind. She lifted her hand from the bed and started to reach for her clit, only to have her fingers slapped away.

"No touching."

Zoe pouted. "But it's so hot. I have to!"

"Oh no, baby girl," Sadie replied. "You're going to get your wish to eat me out. And while you do, my warming lube is going to make you desperate to have me fuck you. You're going to want to touch yourself, take the edge off, but you won't be able to."

A shiver of pleasure made Zoe squirm; a gush of wetness coated her thighs. Sadie's words alone made her wet, and the lube was sending warmth throughout all her favorite places. She moaned, her hips humping at the air, desperate for a hint of friction. Sadie's hands tightened on her hips, stilling her movements.

"Tsk, tsk, baby girl." She shook her head. "I was only going to leave you like that, but now I'm thinking you might need a little more teasing. Turn over. Ass in the air."

Zoe obeyed without hesitation. As soon as her ass was in the air she felt another drizzle of the lube sliding between her cheeks. Then Sadie's finger was helping to coax against her tight asshole, squirting more lube there, letting it slide down to collect at the opening of her pussy too.

"Ooo," Zoe moaned, feeling Sadie's lips kissing and biting her ass. "That's so good."

"Has anyone ever fucked your ass, baby girl?" Sadie's lips moved to the other cheek, her finger swirling around Zoe's asshole, teasing her.

Zoe shook her head, "No, never."

Sadie smacked her, first the left cheek, then the right. "Good. I want to be the first to open that sweet little asshole." Her tongue delved into the crack of Zoe's ass, lapping at the virgin portal, stabbing just the tip of her tongue inside. 

"Yes, please!" Zoe groaned, wanting to feel more.

Sadie slid a finger inside Zoe's aching hole. "Oh, you're so tight baby girl. This little hole wants to be fucked, doesn't it?"

"Yes, yes, please fuck me."

"Fuck you where?" Sadie added another finger to the mix, fucking her new lover with slow, deep strokes.

"My ass! Please fuck my virgin ass!"

Zoe waited for another finger to slip into her greedy ass, but instead she felt Sadie pull both fingers from her tight hole. "Noo," she complained."

"Shh, baby girl," Sadie soothed. 

Zoe felt the tip of something hard brush against her clenching hole. There was a slight pop, and then warmth filled her. Sadie was pouring lube into her ass, and it was warming her from the inside. The ache in her pussy doubled, sending another gush of cream from her quivering slit. Then, the bottle of lube was gone, and Zoe felt her hands being pulled behind her back.

"No touching, gorgeous," Sadie warned, tying Zoe's wrists together. "We're going to let that lube work its magic while you eat me out, and then I'll fuck you."

Sadie slid in front of Zoe, her thighs spread wide. Zoe looked up to see Sadie's glistening pussy in front her, all pink and wet. She licked her lips.

"That's right, baby. Come eat my cunt."

With her hands tied behind her, Zoe couldn't get close enough on her own to delve into Sadie's waiting heat. Sadie pulled her closer until she could latch her mouth around the hard clit that sat waiting for her. She sucked hard, pulling Sadie's clit into her mouth and was warned with a loud groan from her new lover.

"Yes, baby, that's it. Fuck, you're a natural."

Zoe had never tasted anything like Sadie's pussy before. For all the years she had spent jilling off to lesbian porn and tasting her own pussy juices, she had never imagined how good another woman's pussy could taste. It was sweet and tart with a hint of musk and she was addicted.

With the gusto of a starving woman, Zoe plunged her tongue into Sadie's pussy. She lapped and sucked and nipped all over the sweet flesh until Sadie was yanking her hair, screaming out an orgasm. Wetness coated her face as Sadie came, her sweet cream completed covering her lips and chin. 

"You taste so good," Zoe groaned, before diving in again.

"Yes, baby. Right there. Lick Mommy's slit," Sadie cried, her fingers plucking and twisting her nipples. "I'm going to cum again."

"Cum for me, Mommy," Zoe begged. She didn't give a second thought to using the familiar term. It fit. It was right.

Sadie's second orgasm came just as quickly as the first. Another gush of cream wet Zoe's face before Sadie pulled her face away. "No more," she ordered, panting.

Zoe lay her head obediently against Sadie's thigh as she waited for her lover to recover. "That was so hot," she murmured.

Sadie peered down at her. "Liked calling me Mommy, did you?"

Zoe nodded, a faint blush creeping across her cheeks. 

Sadie trailed her fingers through Zoe's bangs. "You're such a sweet girl, Zoe. Mommy's sweet girl."

The comment caused Zoe to clench her thighs together. "I'm so wet," she moaned.

"Did you cum while you were eating my pussy, baby?" Zoe shook her head adamantly. "Good girl. Now it's your turn to get fucked."

Sadie shifted away from her and reached back into the nightstand drawer. The strap-on Zoe had only seen briefly the night before made its appearance. The dildo was a dark purple that was long and thick. It was even equipped with fake veins and a cock head. Sadie slipped into the harness and stroked the purple shaft. "Ready for my cock, baby girl?"

Zoe nodded, panting slightly. "Yes, Mommy. Please fuck me."

"How stuffed do you want to be while I fuck you with my big cock?"

The question took Zoe off guard. "What do you mean?"

"Do you just want my cock in your pussy, or do you want a toy in your ass too?"

Goosebumps broke out across her skin as she nodded. "My ass, please fill my ass." The lube had been heating her up from the inside for too long and she knew the only way to put out the fire would be to have both of her holes filled.

"Good choice, baby." Sadie reached into the drawer again and pulled out a metal plug. It was larger than Zoe would have picked for herself, but as she felt Sadie press it against her lubed hole, she opened up and the heavy toy slid inside easily. "Oh, look at that. Your greedy ass swallowed up that toy so easily. I think you're going to need a bigger one, baby."

There was more shuffling in the nightstand, but Zoe could no longer see what was going on. She had her face shoved into the pillow, her pussy and ass aching with the need to be fucked. She fought against the urge to hump the air, afraid that Sadie would make her wait even longer.

The plug slipped out of her ass and before she had the chance to feel empty another, larger toy filled her gaping hole. "Ohhh fuckkkk" she moaned. "That feels so good, Sadie."

Sadie smacked her ass. "It's Mommy or Mistress. Do you hear me, slut?"

Zoe moaned again. "Yes, Mommy."

"Good girl."

Zoe clenched her ass around the new invader, loving the feeling of fullness more than she thought she would. None of the men she had fucked had ever attempted to play with her ass, let alone fuck it. She felt stuffed and was aching for Sadie to fill her other greedy hole with her big purple cock.

She didn't have to wait long. Sadie was rubbing the head of the phallus against her clit, then brought it back to her dripping hole. Zoe couldn't help but clench, the strap-on Sadie wore was bigger than any cock she had ever taken before, and it was sure to be a tight fit, even without the plug in her ass. She was so wet and aching to be stretched wide. She would do anything to make her new lover happy.

Slowly, Sadie fed the cock into her hungry slit. The pillows in front of her muffled her groans and whimpers of pleasure. That is, until Sadie fisted a handful of her hair and yanked her head back, forcing her back to arch severely.

"Ready to get pounded?" Zoe nodded. "Good, because I'm going to fuck your pussy so hard. Your cunt is going to cream all over my cock and you're going to be begging for me to fuck you until you pass out."

Sadie snapped her hips and Zoe could only gasp as she was completely stuff with cock. Sadie set a punishing rhythm then, her strokes even and deep, and hovering just on the edge of bruising. Every stroke brushed against her g-spot and nudged the plug inside her ass. Sadie's hips slapped against her ass with every thrust, sending both the cock and the plug deeper into her depths. The sounds of her wetness filled the room as each stroke made her cream even more.

"Yes, yes, yes!" Zoe screamed, cumming for the first time. There was a massive gush between her thighs and she dimly realized that she had squirted. She had never done that before. "Yes, Mommy! Pound your slut harder! Make me squirt again!"

Sadie thanked her for her words with two hard slaps against her ass. "That's it, baby, cum for Mommy. Cum all over that big cock."

Two more thrusts and Zoe was cumming again. Just as she was coming down from the sweet abyss, Sadie slipped her cock out of her. She cried out at the loss. "No. Please, put it back in!" She begged.

Sadie chuckled and rolled Zoe over onto her back. "I'm not done with you yet, baby," she crooned, shoving back into Zoe's cunt. "You're going to cum until you pass out." Thrust. "And then..." thrust. "...then I'm going to fuck your ass."

Zoe couldn't respond. She was turned on beyond words. All she could think as she tumbled toward another orgasm was that she was so glad she wouldn't be fucking men anymore.