 Part two of their story. Team Building. A team reunion for the two lovers.

***********

The concern in the back of her mind which slightly tempered the thought of any permanent relationship was that Linda was young, she was just starting out in life and whilst she had declared her love for Wendy it could just have been an infatuation or a crush. It also may have been experimentation while she struggled to determine her real sexuality.

They had exchanged very proper Christmas cards and spoken on their mobile phones a few times as it had not been possible to arrange a get together, mainly because of work commitments. Wendy didn't want to put undue pressure on her but Linda still seemed keen on rekindling the relationship.

Plans were always running around in Wendy's mind, she knew that she needed to have at least a couple of days in an area close to where Linda lived so that they could meet and she could test out their real feelings for each other. She knew that it had to be soon. The solution came within her grasp when she discovered that the client she was already working with had several other locations opening up in the Spring, one of particular interest close to Durham. So, with not too much effort, she found herself allocated to development planning that would be managed from the local Durham office. Wendy was good at her job and the acquisition director of the client company recognised this and supported her close involvement. 

The winter had been a time of hope and anticipation for her and at last she was able to put something in place that may provide the answer, even if it wasn't the one she was hoping for. The telephone calls with Linda had helped to allay any doubts as they often chatted about what had happened during the time in Wales and it invariably led to them masturbating together. Wendy knew that it was a little immature but she couldn't help herself. Just hearing her voice was enough to give her that damp and sticky feeling between her thighs.

Wendy decided that she wouldn't tell Linda she was coming up to the Durham office as the trip was only a few days away and she hoped that the surprise would be fun. She booked her hotel on the internet, choosing a location that was reasonably close to the workplace with; if the write up was correct an intimate atmosphere. That done, she packed carefully making sure that her wardrobe had suitable work related clothes but also her most intimate and sexy underwear and night ware for what she hoped would be evenings of Sapphic pleasure.

Monday morning, after defrosting her car, she was ready to make an early start up the motorway. Perhaps it was the chill of the frost or perhaps it was the sexual charge, but her nipples were so erect under the fabric of her bra that they were almost painful.

She arrived mid-afternoon after a reasonably uneventful drive. An accident involving two cars in the fog delayed her a little but not enough to matter. She tingled with anticipation as she checked in to what appeared to be an intimate hotel confirming with the receptionist that it was as booked, a room with a double bed and a Jacuzzi bath. The name tag on the young girl's loose blouse had her name in gold letters, 'Jane'. As Jane bent forward to find the booking form, Wendy felt a little twinge of guilt as she found herself looking down into such a cute cleavage. 

For a few moments they made eye contact. "Your room key, room 325 on the third floor. If we can help, please feel free to ring. You will find all the contact numbers for service on the room card. Have a nice stay."

"Thank you umm Jane, I'm sure I will."

Wendy spent an evening on a knife edge just thinking about how close she was to her Linda, remembering the feel of her youthful body, the little tight bottom and such a slim waist. Those superb little breasts with exquisite pink nipples like cherries on a cupcake. She could hardly wait, but wait she did, wondering what the expression on her face would be when she walked into the office in the morning. It was possible that the local manager might have said something but as there was no reason for him to have told the staff anything other than an engineering manager would be there with them for a few days. The staff expectation would have been that it would be male anyway. Most of the engineers fell into that category.

As she was sure that Linda almost certainly had no idea that she was about to step into her little cloistered world again, she just hoped that it would be one of pleasure not dismay. As was usual, she had become sexually excited at the thoughts that were coursing through her mind but she resisted the need to do herself and satisfied herself with a long soak in a bath full of bubbles and sweet aroma before wrapping herself in the large white robe put out for her by the hotel.

That evening as she was alone, she dressed fairly casually, smiling at Jane as she passed the reception desk, getting a smile of recognition in return. The restaurant had subtle lighting which fitted her plans so, after eating a light supper, returned to her room for an early night. She slept well but had some strange dreams, partly sexual but by morning the memory of them slipped from her mind when her early cellphone alarm burst into a melodic warning that the day had started.

When she arrived at the office it was still early. Her trusty sat nav had taken her there and it was a pleasurable drive with little traffic compared to what she was used to at home. As she walked through the reception area she could see the area manager's office with the slat blinds closed but apart from a busy cleaning lady fussing around with her polish and duster, not a soul in the general office. 

"Over there in the office," the cleaner pointed with her elbow. "he's in there."

Wendy realised that she was a little too early for the rest of the staff but Andrew, 'Call me Andy,' invited her in and made her welcome.

Wendy sensed that he was a little uncomfortable with a team leader who was female and was also senior to him but it wasn't too long before they had jumped that hurdle. After the pleasantries and general company chit chat were out of the way, they walked together out into the main office. 

There she was, her back to Wendy but sensing the movement behind her Linda half turned towards them. Her mouth dropped open as she jumped up from her chair.

"How are you?" Wendy asked. Then, turning to Andy to explain how they knew each other. "We met last year at the company outward bound thing."

Linda was still a little shocked at seeing her but managed to recover her composure. "I'm very well thanks- Umm... Andy shall I bring some coffee into the meeting room?. How do you like yours uh, Wendy?" not sure what to call her at work but first names appeared to be how things went in the office so no problem.

"One sugar, black please."

Andy, after introducing her to the rest of the office staff, headed off with her to meet the engineering work team. The day moved on and she put on her professional hat and together, they began a review of the project to date, planning the installation before the meeting with the client on Thursday. They were a nice bunch of guys, mainly local, apart from the inevitable Scot and they spoke with that nice North Eastern accent that Wendy so liked.

When they stopped for a short lunch break, Wendy said that she was just going to step outside for a breath of air and as she walked past Linda, beckoned for her to follow her outside. A couple of minutes later, she was in the car park with her.

"God Wendy, I had no idea you were coming up here, will you be here for long?" she blurted out, "I was so surprised to see you this morning, my heart nearly stopped."

"The rest of the week, I have to be back at my office down South for a meeting Friday afternoon. Can you come and stay with me tonight? We could have dinner together. Do you think your parents will be OK with that?" 

"I would, I would, I thought you might have given up on me-I'm so glad seeing you again. It'll be fine with them, I'll tell them something so they won't worry. Shall I go home and get my things for tomorrow and will you pick me up? There's a little shopping mall just close to where I live, would that be OK to meet there?"

After a couple more minutes of conversation and making sure they knew where to meet, they went back inside to carry on the day's work with one unobserved and minor diversion into the ladies rest room which was fortunately empty, for a quick hug, then back to work.

At last the planning meeting came to an end and Wendy realised it was a little later than she thought but she still had plenty of time, She thought that it would be better if she went straight from the office to pick up her beautiful girl so jumping into her car, setting the sat nav, she was on her way. Now that she was free and her own self rather than having to behave like a sensible employee, her mind could wander and think about the evening to come. She hadn't realised how much she had missed her and already erotic thoughts were beginning to flash through her mind. The memory of her special way of masturbating was etched on her mind, the first touch of their lips, that first sweet kiss. 

By the time the directions had taken her to the shopping mall, she was already quite moist, even wet. The sight of her standing there sent a little surge through her body, making her shiver but not with the cold. She could hardly catch her breath as she watched the girl walk towards the car, open the door and jump in beside her.

As she accelerated away, a hand came across and she felt it on her thigh, the fingers gripping her leg through the material of her skirt. Moving her free hand from the steering wheel she gave the hand a reassuring squeeze. They hadn't spoken as yet but at last Linda said "It seems like a lifetime since we made love together Wendy, I've missed you and I want to sleep with you again. I can tell you, It's been really hard not being able to talk to you close up and to touch you."

There was a layby just up ahead and Wendy pulled into it as quickly as she could, yanked on the handbrake and reached round for her, kissing her so sweet lips, feeling a tongue probing her mouth and returning the kiss. "I really do need you." Wendy told her. "I've missed you so much, I just had to sort out this trip so that I could see you again. Come on, let's go to the hotel and do what girls do."

The hotel wasn't too far away. Jane on reception had been replaced by a personable young man, so taking her key from him the two lovers jumped into the lift and were whisked up to the third floor and then just a short walk out and along the carpeted passage to her room. Impatiently, Wendy pushed the key card into the door, there was a click and they were in. They stood looking at each other for a few moments. They were both breathing a little harder than they would normally, as if they had just run down the passageway but it was not due to any exertion just sexual excitement at being together and knowing what would happen between them that evening. 

Linda was more beautiful than Wendy remembered and she looked so young dressed in her tight black trousers and white cotton blouse with a little red waist length jacket. The three-quarter length coat she was wearing against the chill of the evening air fell to the floor of the room as soon as the door clicked shut. She had changed when she got home from work and had obviously wanted to impress and she had succeeded. 

At last Wendy pulled her towards her and once again they kissed and hands explored each other over the top of their clothes. Part of her planning for the evening nearly went by the board, Wendy so wanted to throw her on the bed and just immerse herself in that wonderful girl but she managed to break apart from her. She could hardly breathe but managed to say as she struggled for breath, "Let's go down and have a romantic evening meal with a glass of wine and just catch up with each other."

"Are you going to make me wait for you?" Linda said.

"Yes, I want to look at you and I want to tell you how beautiful you are." 

"I don't think I can last much longer Wendy, can we be quick?. I really need you you know."

Wendy quickly slipped out of her office clothes, every move watched by Linda as she pulled on something that would have some sex appeal, a similar pair of trousers to hers but with a silk blouse that hung and clung where it should. She knew that her nipples were responding to being watched as she changed her clothes and Linda noticed, just putting a hand forward to touch and watch Wendy's response.

When the first flush of excitement had subsided, together they went down to the rather nice restaurant, it was quite cosy and some of the tables were fairly secluded. When Wendy had eaten there the previous evening she knew which table she wanted for them. As it was still a little early, the place was not very busy so with a little guiding arm on Linda's elbow and a nod to the waiter, they made their way to the table. She felt that Linda was a little uncomfortable, perhaps it was being seen with an older woman or perhaps she was not used to eating in such a formal restaurant but whatever it was, as soon as they were seated with the waiter fussing around with the chair and fiddling about with the cutlery she felt her relax.

The food was great and they managed a bottle of wine between them. Linda told her that the parents were not so obsessive now and that she wasn't seeing anybody but often went out for an evening with a couple of old school girl friends and sometimes stayed over, She told Wendy that she didn't have to get home tonight because as far as her parents were concerned, she was staying over with her friend and so long as she phoned later on it would be OK. 

"Come on," Wendy said at last when they had talked about just about everything "I want to see you naked."

Linda licked her lips in a provocative way "I can't wait, I'm already starting to get wet just thinking about it."

"I've been wet all evening," Wendy confessed. "You do that to me and I can't help myself. You really turn me on."

Together they got into the lift and pressed the button for the floor and a couple of minutes later they were in the passage walking towards the room. Once inside, the world was theirs to share with each other. Wendy reached for her and pulled her towards her just to feel her tight body against her own, her hands automatically going round Linda's back to grab the cheeks of that alluring ass, pulling her tight to her. She felt Linda's lips nibbling at her neck making her feel weak at the knees. At last, still fully clothed they broke apart and just looked at each other. 

Linda started to undo the buttons on her jacket but stopped when Wendy told her to wait. She wanted to take her clothes off and just look at her but first, she needed to fill the bath with warm scented water and turn on the bubbles for them both. She wanted to feel and fondle her body, luxuriating in the softness of the water, taking them both to an intimate level that they had not been able to get to previously.

Still fully dressed, Linda was standing by the bed when Wendy turned back to her, the bath was full and ready for them and Wendy couldn't keep her waiting any longer. Carefully, unbuttoning the girl's jacket and hanging it on the chair, she moved back to her to open the cotton blouse pulling it aside to reveal her breasts. She wasn't wearing a bra. Her breasts were firm and shapely, not needing the support a bra would have given her. Wendy took the blouse completely off and dropped it onto the chair beside her. The move put her face so close to her nipples, pushing forward and erect that she just had to take each of them one after the other into her mouth, rolling them around, caressing them with her tongue, gently sucking each breast, fondling her with her hands. 

She was Wendy's now, she could feel how excited she was, shivering with excitement. Once again Wendy remembered that those small breasts were so sensitive as she fondled them. Linda's hands were on the sides of Wendy's face and then she was grabbing at her hair pulling her face tight into her breasts. Now Wendy had to see all of her and dropped her hands down to undo the girl's side buttons dropping, with a little pulling, her trousers to the floor. Linda stepped out of them and at the same time kicked off her shoes, at last she was naked except for her tiny white briefs. Wendy moved away from her so that she could just look at her and drink in the beauty of the young body displayed in front of her.

Looking at her with renewed wonderment, Linda made no effort to cover herself. She wanted to make herself as alluring as possible, caught up in the eroticism of these first moments alone. Wendy was so excited she felt that if she touched herself she would just come, but she wanted more than that, she wanted her orgasm to be at the height of their lovemaking. Not only that, she wanted to watch Linda come first. "Oh God Linda, you are so beautiful, take your panties of for me but slowly though. Let me watch you."

"You're driving me mad Wendy, I won't be able to wait much longer. Take off your clothes and let me feel you before I jump on you."

Wendy stood and her own clothes fell from her as she watched the panties slip so seductively down her friend's legs to join the trousers on the floor. They were both naked and Linda was offering herself to her, her legs parted, so inviting. She reached forward between those long slim legs and her hand and fingers were on her, feeling the slipperiness of her lubrication and as she touched her, Linda gave a little startled cry and grabbing her hand, pushed it hard against her, making little involuntary movements. For a short while, Wendy let her feel her hand on her but it wasn't time to open those delicious lips yet so she moved her around and led her into the bathroom which was full of the most energising aromas from the bath oil.

Wendy wanted everything to be perfect, her feelings for the girl were so strong, nothing must go wrong. She had put a few small perfumed candles around which she had lit with the lighter she had thoughtfully brought with her and turning the main light out, guided her over and together they stepped into the bubbling water.

"You are so beautiful Linda, I want everything to be perfect for you, come here and let me touch you." was all she could manage, the words just didn't seem to want to come out she was so overpowered by the eroticism of the moment. As Linda moved through the warm water towards her, she joined her embrace, the bubbling water making their skin tingle with the excitement. They kissed deeply, Wendy couldn't stop caressing her, couldn't stop her hands testing her body, she was so slim, she could feel each of her ribs, she could feel the slimness of her waist and the tightness of her shapely bottom as she ran her hands over and around her body. They were both enjoying each other, the sexual feelings taking precedence over everything else.

"Take me to bed Wendy." she almost couldn't speak, it wasn't a request though it was an order. "Take me now, I can't wait any longer."

Together, they stepped out of the bath. Wendy partly dried her with the soft towel and gave her a robe to put on and followed her out to the bedroom. Together they fell on the bed, Linda throwing off the robe as she dropped onto the softness. She was breathing hard as Wendy fell on top of her, her leg going instinctively between Linda's thighs pressing down on her sex, feeling her move against the pressure, exciting both of them as she pressed down onto her. She released the pressure before either of them climaxed as she so needed to put her lips and tongue down to that centre of pleasure, to kiss, lick and caress her. 
