 Bianca's mind shifted into auto-pilot as she ran over the possible situations that could occur tonight. Best option, she'd pick someone up for some okay sex. There was also the possibility of not finding anyone, or finding some creeper who would want to do things after sex. Like go for coffee. She came to a stop in front of one bar that she continually received attention at and smiled. Fucking another man wouldn't get Tom's attention, but fucking another woman would. Tom never took too kindly to Bianca's bi-sexual tendencies, feeling that he wasn't adequate. Parking the car, she flipped down her mirror and reapplied a layer of devilishly sexy red lipstick, smacking her lips together and winking at herself in the mirror. She opened the door and swung her legs around, toned thighs and shapely calves capped off with red hot heels of an impossible high height. Oh yeah, she thought, I am getting laid tonight. 

She strutted up to the door of the club, hips swinging as she walked, her dress clinging and swinging where appropriate. She was, gloriously, carded at the door and shot the bouncer a killer smile as she walked past him into the pulsing bass. 

She checked her coat, if only to ensure that she displayed her God-given goodies at all times. Her breasts were high above the v-neck of her dress, cleavage deep. She received no fewer than 5 catcalls as she made her way to the bar, blowing kisses and winking in their general directions. She set herself on a stool, crossing her legs and leaning forward. The bartender was a beautiful woman, blonde hair fashioned in a chin length bob, a thick swing of bangs cutting across her forehead. Her brown eyes were quite the contrast with her hair's lightness, but they were beautiful too. Rich and almond shaped and complimented by long lashes, they only completed the whole package of her face. Bianca's eyes latched onto the woman's full lips and almost licked her own. She flashed a flirtatious grin when the woman stopped in front of her and asked what she would like.

"Dirty gin martini," she said immediately, leaning forward to display her breasts more fully. "The dirtier, the better," The bartender grinned and set about fixing the drink. 

"I'm Bianca," Bianca said, resting her arms on the surface of the bar.

"Ainsley," the bartender replied, setting the drink in front of Bianca. "And that one is on the house," 

Bianca nodded thanks and leaned back to sip at the drink, resting one arm across the back of her chair. Ainsley moved like a dancer, graceful and smooth, and was oozing sex appeal in her black bartender's uniform. Bianca tore her eyes off of the precious creature, scanning the crowd of gyrating bodies for potential partners. She spotted a couple ladies that fit her ideal, but couldn't keep her mind off of Ainsley. Signalling for another martini, she reached into her purse for her wallet. Ainsley set the next one down and stared at her. 

"What are you doing with that?" she asked, filling a drink order for the waitress that appeared to Bianca's left. Bianca raised a brow, her heart beating faster at the implications.

"I'm going to pay for my drink. You said the last one was on the house," she said, opening her wallet to pull out a ten. Ainsley waved it away. 

"Honey, you're drinking for free tonight," she laughed, leaning back to pour the remaining drinks for the waitress (who, for the record, was eyeing up Bianca with half-hearted indifference). Bianca sipped at her drink, not wanting to appear too eager. 

"And why is that?" she asked, taking a longer sip. She didn't remember martinis being this strong... or this delicious. Ainsley leaned in close, her face a mere whisper from Bianca's.

"Because when I plan on taking a woman home with me, it's only fair that I pay for her drinks," she said huskily, licking her lips and winking. Bianca merely smiled and winked back. She felt wetness form in the juncture of her thighs and her nipples tighten. Ainsley's eyes darkened as she took in the change in Bianca's breasts.

"I don't finish my shift for another couple hours," she said, her voice raising in volume to be heard over the driving bass as she leaned away to fill more drink orders. Bianca sipped and shrugged, leaning back as well. 

"As long as you don't mind me getting deliciously drunk on these fabulous martinis and possibly dirty dancing in front of you, I can wait," she said flirtatiously. Ainsley grinned and expertly popped the tops off of five beer before placing them on the waitress' tray. 

"Honey, you go grind that sweet ass on anyone you like. Just remember who's taking you home," she said. Bianca took the last sip of her drink and reached for the new one that Ainsley had just poured.

"We'll see who takes who home," she replied, swinging her legs off of the stool and strutting away, relishing in the knowledge that Ainsley was watching her walk away. She circled the dance floor, eyeing up her options. She spotted a couple of women, scantily clad in low cut shirts and high-cut skirts, but didn't think they were actually interested in dancing with women other than each other. She leaned up against the wall, content to people watch until she could find someone to put on a show for Ainsley with. No sooner had she finished her drink another was placed in her hand by a tall redhead, with an okay body and an okay face.

"The hot bartender asked me to bring this to you, and to ask when the dancing would begin," she said, her voice a surprisingly husky southern drawl. Bianca's interest was piqued, having decided earlier in life than any woman with a southern accent who was openly gay (or at least bi-curious) was open to pretty much anything. Looking over the edge of her glass at the woman, she asked "Wanna dance?" 

The woman smiled, a surprisingly sexy smile, and took Bianca's hand to lead her to a part of the dance floor in direct view of where Ainsley was working the bar. The music poured over them, a sultry mix of hard bass, jazzy riffs, and smoky vocals. Bianca closed her eyes and let the music wash over her, always appreciative of a good song, and swayed to the beat. She sucked in a breath as her dance partner rolled up behind her, her hands cruising up the sides of her thighs to rest on her hips, pulling Bianca back against her. The woman's hands never stopped moving, and neither did her hips. Bianca tipped her head back, never opening her eyes, just enjoying the sensations of another woman touching her sensually. She began to grind back against the woman, arching her back as the woman's hands roamed to her stomach, slowly moving upwards to brush over her breasts and downwards to whisper across her pubic bone. Bianca let out a soft moan, her body instantly reacting to these touches. Warming up was definitely a good idea. The music changed to a faster number, the strobe light pumping in time with the bass, the bodies on the floor gyrating faster. Bianca was spun around to face her dance partner in a smooth ballroom-dance-esque spin, and a slim thigh was inserted between hers. The woman pulled Bianca closer, rubbing herself against Bianca, not surprised by the lack of undergarments. Bianca bit her lip and arched back, rubbing herself against this stranger's thigh. She turned to look at Ainsley to gauge her reaction, satisfied with the hungry stare thrown her way. She stared directly into her eyes and licked her lips as she rolled her hips forward, grinding harder onto this woman's thigh. She watched Ainsley lean over to whisper at her co-worker, who grinned and gave a thumbs up, before she walked around the counter to stand before Bianca and her dance partner.

"Thanks, Mel, I'll take it from here," she said. Mel shrugged and dislodged herself, pecking Bianca on the cheek before she joined the two women Bianca had spotted earlier. 

Ainsley took the martini glass from Bianca's hand and set it on the table beside the dance floor. She turned back to stand directly in front of Bianca, grasping her hips and jerking her in close before covering Bianca's lips with her own. 

Bianca threw herself into the kiss, diving her hands into Ainsley's hair and pulling her closer. Soft breast met soft breast; full lips met full lips. Ainsley's hands drifted down to Bianca's ass, gripping the cheeks and pulling her closer. 

They kissed for what seemed like eternity, both whimpering and moaning and straining against the other, gulping each other down in large greedy gulps. Finally they pulled apart, only far enough to separate lips. 

"Let's go," Ainsley said, stroking her fingertips over Bianca's swollen lips. Bianca opened her lips and sucked on Ainsley's forefinger, stroking it with her tongue.

"My place is closer," she said. Ainsley nodded in assent and grabbed Bianca's hand, leading her out of the bar by way of the employee's entrance. 

Once outside, Ainsley pushed Bianca back against the building, fastening her lips to Bianca's throat and hiking up Bianca's skirt with one hand as the other delved between her thighs. 

"Jesus, honey," she breathed, stroking the astounding amount of hot wetness between Bianca's thighs. Bianca's breath caught and let out quickly as two of Ainsley's fingers thrust inside, her thumb circling Bianca's clit. 

"Oh fuck," Bianca moaned, cumming almost instantly, grinding herself down against Ainsley's relentless fingers. She shook violently, wetness pouring out of her. Ainsley slowed her hands, leaning against Bianca to catch her breath. 

"I could tell you need that after the way you were dancing with Mel," she said, removing her fingers and smoothing down Bianca's dress. She leaned in to kiss Bianca soft and deep, then pulled away to stare into her eyes. 

"Let's go to your place."