 Note: The first four chapters are filed under Novels but in hope of finding a larger audience, I am starting to post under Lesbian. Do read the first four chapters first and feel free to comment! x0x0x Alex.

*****

Barbara's silicone cock felt so good inside my pussy, and she was masterful - or should I say Mistressful - in its use, finding my rhythm, bringing me to the brink, then pulling out gently, slowly, before pounding in again more forcefully than ever.

I had never experienced anything like it. How could I? Before today, the only things that had penetrated my cunt other than my hairbrush when I masturbated were my nasty stepfather's cock and those of his middle-aged creepy buddies. Even Cheryl, whose lovely large tits had first introduced me to Sapphic joys, had only fingered my sex but not put anything more than her fingers inside me.

"That's how it's done, pet," Barbara said, pulling out and removing her harness and the lovely S-shaped silicone dick. "Now it's your turn."

She showed me how to put it on and Doreen parted my pussy lips to allow Barbara to place the shorter end of the device in my cunt. Then Barbara lay on her back, beckoning me to straddle her and fuck her. Doreen meanwhile positioned herself over Barbara's face, her pussy just over our mistress's mouth. I began to push in and pull out as Barbara had done to me, while Barbara licked Doreen's slit and I went wild watching Doreen's beautiful big boobies go flopping up and down in front of me.

Again I lost track of how many times we all came before we collapsed in sweaty delight.

"I'm an early riser, pet," Mistress said, "but you can go back with Doreen to slut central for a nightcap. Just make sure I find you in my bed when I wake up."

"Yes, Mistress," I said. "And thank you."

"You're welcome, pet. Don't stay up too late. I'm taking you shopping tomorrow for some proper clothes.

"As you command, Mistress," I said. Doreen winked at me. I was getting the hang of this stuff. Like the whore I was to become, I was keenly aware of which side of my toast was buttered.

Doreen and I walked down the corridor to the sluts' quarters. "That was just wonderful!" she exulted. "We're going to be such great friends." I held her hand and squeezed it.

The never-ending party was in full swing on our return. The chubby girl with large tits who had been mixing Bloody Marys earlier was sprawled, or passed out I'd say except she showed some signs of life when a pussy entered her mouth, on a cedar coffee table in the living room. Two little blonde sluts were laying down lines of coke on her pussy lips that they then snorted up using glass tubes. They then sprinkled more coke on the chubby girl's pussy and licked it up, giggling to themselves.

Alice, the small-titted slut Doreen had mentioned disparagingly, straddled the chubby girl's mouth and lowered her cunt till the girl started sucking and licking it. Alice held a bottle of vodka in her hand and took giant swigs as she let her cunt be licked. She looked at me intensely.

"Would you like some wine?" Doreen asked. I said that would be nice, and she padded off into the kitchen to open a bottle. Alice sauntered over to the couch where I was sitting.

"So I see Floppy Tits has her claws in you. Well, I don't know what Mistress sees in her, but she says I have a magic cunt. Wanna taste it, pet?" she snarled. I realized I needed to assert myself.

"First of all, I am not your pet. I am Mistress Barbara's pet and you are just one of her many sluts. Second, I am quite fond of Doreen's tits. And finally, I'd like you to get down on your knees and eat out my cunt so that when Doreen comes back with my wine, I can fondle her breasts while you get me off."

Alice flushed but did as she was told. Doreen came back with two glasses of Cabernet Sauvignon and a bottle, and I gulped down half a glass, put the glass down on a side table, and put my mouth to her boobs, letting wine drip down her tits and onto her belly. I poured some wine on my sex where Alice was licking me so she could have some too, and then poured the remainder of my glass down Doreen's throat, kissing her on the neck and nibbling on her earlobes, all of which dripped wine from my lips.

Then I told Alice she could lick Doreen's cunt. She flushed but moved over and did what I told her to do. I put my tongue in Doreen's mouth and rubbed my small boobs over hers while she put her hand on my sex and began to stroke it. "Circles," I said, letting her know how to make me come, and I let myself orgasm again and again.

It was hours later that I crawled into Barbara's bed and it seemed only a few minutes later that light was streaming in the open windows and Barbara was standing over me, stirring a red concoction. "Oh my aching head," I said. "What's that?"

"Bloody Mary," Mistress said. "The breakfast of champions. Vodka, tomato juice, tabasco, Worcestershire sauce, and spices. And one more thing." She broke a raw egg into the glass, gave it a stir, and handed it to me. "Drink up and then shower and clean up," she instructed. "We are going on a shopping spree to get my new pet some appropriate clothing."

I drank the glass dry. The vodka went straight to my brain like an electric jolt. Then I went to the shower and washed off the sweat and wine and pussy juice that had drenched me last night. I wondered what my first full day as Mistress's new pet would be like.