 During my high school years, I spent a lot of time at my friend Summer's house. Not only was she a lot of fun, but I knew I could count on her for anything. Our friendship got a little more complicated when I realized she was smokin' hot - right about the time my fancy for other girls began coming to a boil.

Summer's parents and her two older sisters were quite conservative. The whole family was active in their church, attending services several times a week and participating in various mission projects. Twice a year, Summer attended youth retreats in various rugged locations across the country. She would always come home with wild stories about smoking pot or playing truth or dare after the counselors went to sleep. Summer was definitely the troublemaker of the family, and so skilled at getting away with it! She, the precious baby of the family, somehow always to operate under everyone's radar. 

Summer's family lived in a huge house set way off the main road, surrounded by woods. Her room was an addition off the back of the house, completely separate from the other bedrooms and common rooms. She kept her bong hidden in the ceiling tiles, and smoked cigarettes leaning out of her bedroom window. We were always sneaking out to meet friends in the middle of the night, or sneaking boys in. We thought ourselves quite the pair of badass babes! 

Summer always had several boyfriends at once, and I was in awe of her power over guys. She had medium brown hair that fell just past her shoulders, fair, freckled skin and a body to die for. At eighteen years old, she stood barely over 5 feet tall and 115 pounds, most of which came from her boobs and ass. She had dark green eyes and an adorable smile. I think she was the first female I ever found myself attracted to, but not the first I'd fooled around with. 

Because Summer and I told each other everything, I'd confided in her my first experience with another girl, a college student. We'd gotten drunk at a frat party and stumbled back to her dorm room where we started getting busy. I spared no details, hoping the situation would excite Summer and make her think about fooling around with me. 

"Damn!" she exclaimed, "That's hot, girl!"

"You think so?" I tried to act nonchalant.

"Hell yes, I think so," she agreed, "I mean, I could never do it but sometimes I wish I could."

"Couldn't do what?" I asked.

"You know," she said, "Fool around with a girl."

"Why not?" I asked, treading lightly, "Everyone should try it once."

"I'm just too into guys, I guess," she said with a hint of shyness I'd never heard from her before.

"That doesn't mean anything," I assured her, "I'm totally into guys too, but it's completely different with girls."

"Yeah, I guess..." she mused.

That conversation ended abruptly, but just the thought of kissing Summer, of rubbing and sucking on her perfectly round tits had me wet beyond belief. I masturbated on a regular basis, picturing our pussies rubbing against each other, teaching Summer the few things I knew about women pleasing women. I wondered if I would ever have the chance to seduce her without ruining our friendship.

My first opportunity came a few months later. Summer and I attended a local outdoor battle of the bands competition, where she got completely trashed on cheap vodka. She begged me to get her home safely and into her room without her mom and dad seeing her. 

We worked out a plan for me to drive her car to her house (since I was stone sober), and sneak into her bedroom window from outside the house. It took me a while to get her hoisted into the window, but we managed it without anyone seeing us. It was raining outside, so we were soaked from head to toe by the time we got into her bedroom. 

We went quietly into her private bathroom and started stripping. Summer stumbled around and found pajama shorts and t-shirts for each of us. When I took off my underwear, Summer noticed my shaved pussy and commented.

"You shave, too?" She asked innocently.

"Oh," I stammered, surprised, "Yeah, I do. I think it makes everything more sensitive, don't you?"

"Definitely," she answered, stealing more glances at my bare crotch.

"Plus," I added, "The guys definitely like it better than a big hairy bush."

Summer laughed and upped the ante, "And the girls?"

"The girls?" I repeated, stunned that she broached this subject that made her so uncomfortable before, "Well... I certainly didn't hear any complaints!"

We laughed quietly together as she took off her underwear. This time, I was the one who couldn't help but notice her perfect, petite pussy. At first glance it looked completely bare, but upon closer inspection I saw fine little hairs around her lips. 

"You should try waxing," Summer offered, "It really cuts down on bumps and ingrown hairs."

"Ouch!" I exclaimed, "Doesn't it hurt?"

"It's not that bad," she replied, "Expensive though."

"Really? Where did you get the money to do it?"

"My parents gave me a gift certificate to a spa for my 18th birthday," she explained, "I told them I used it to get a facial but got this done instead."

"You're bad!" I laughed, acutely aware that we were both still bare bottomed, tipsy and inquiring about each others' pussies. 

"It was totally worth it," she said, "it stays smooth longer and when the hair comes back in, it's really soft."

"Really?"

"Yeah, here feel," she grabbed my hand and pulled it to the mound of flesh below her belly button. Holy shit! I was nearly touching Summer's naked pussy!

I think she expected me to pull my hand away after she made her point about the baby soft regrowth of hair, but I didn't. I kept rubbing as I raised my eyes to hers. She looked reluctant but didn't make any motion to stop me so I kept going. I rubbed slightly lower and lower until my entire palm was covering her pussy lips. I glanced back at Summer's face and saw that her eyes were closed and she was biting her lip. 

"Does that feel good?" I asked, quiet as a mouse so as not to scare her off.

"What do you think?" she asked rhetorically.

We walked back into her bedroom and I sat down on the bed, pulling Summer so she was standing in front of me. I continued my work on her pussy, palming her a little harder this time. I felt her hips moving as she humped forward and back on my hand. 

"Mmmm," she moaned.

I marveled at the sweet, firm skin on the lips between her legs. The soft, barely-there wisps of hair felt like cornsilk. I reached up and pulled one side of her pink bra down and rubbed her nipple with my free hand. I leaned forward to lick it, and felt a rush of fluid between my legs as I rolled the taut bit of flesh around on my tongue. 

"Ohhhh," she purred, "How'd you know that's my sweet spot?"

"Lucky guess...?" I flirted.

I removed my hand from Summer's pussy and stood on front of her. I was a good five inches taller than she was, and I enjoyed the feeling of eclipsing her tiny frame as I pulled her in to me. As we kissed for the first time, I reached around and easily unclasped her bra, letting it fall to the floor between us. She followed suit with a shaky but determined hand. 

With our naked bodies pressed firmly together, we ran our hands up and down each other's bare backs and bottoms. We kissed with our mouths open wide, our tongues competing for space. I began to feel lava-hot pussy juice squishing between my legs, lubing me up so that every shift of weight produced teasing sensations on my clit. 

Somehow, I found the strength to pull away from Summer long enough to make sure she was ok with what was happening. She was my best friend after all, and clearly drunk. As desperate as I had been for this to happen, I wouldn't risk ruining our friendship or taking advantage of her. 

"Summer," I said, "Are you sure you're ok with this?"

"Yes," she replied, "I've never felt sexier in my life." 

"You are the sexiest thing I've ever seen," I confided, "I promise I'll make you feel good."

"We've seen each other naked a billion times", she pointed out, "But I don't think I've ever been this turned on."

As if I needed that invitation, I ran my hand down Summer's neck, between her breasts and past her belly button. I felt her shudder as I slid a finger between her slippery pussy lips. 

"And I thought I was wet," I said. Her clit pulsed as I traced slow, light circles around it, increasing the pressure in my strokes. 

I spun Summer around and pushed her down the bed. I had to find a way to relieve some of the pressure building up in my own crotch, while I continued my mission to get her off. I was really dying to taste those juices I felt running down my hand, but I knew a move so bold would scare her off. Instead, I spread her legs and positioned myself between, still stroking her clit with my finger. I leaned forward to tease her nipples again with my mouth, licking them lightly with a stiff tongue. After coating them with my saliva, I blew on the tips to create an electrifying warm-cool sensation. Apparently, my efforts pleased Summer, as she bucked harder against my finger. 

"Oh god, Baby," I moaned, "Watching you in pleasure is the hottest thing I've ever seen."

"Mmmm," was all Summer managed to get out, "Ahhhh...mmmmm..."

Without ceasing my assault on Summer's clit, I swung a leg over hers and positioned my pussy over her smooth thigh. I reached down with my free hand and parted my own lips, exposing my throbbing, engorged clit. I lowered myself onto Summer's leg and grinded gently against her baby soft skin. I had to take it easy or I was gonna come right away.

"Mmmmm, Andrea," Summer whined, "Your hot pussy feels amazing against my skin."

Hearing Summer talk dirty like that nearly put me over the edge. I started rubbing her harder, raking two fingers along either side of her clit. She reached up to play with my generous breasts, rubbing her palms over the hard buds. I watched her struggle to fit them in her tiny hands. I leaned forward, hoping to encourage her to take my nipple into her mouth. When I moved forward, she jumped back as if I'd startled her. 

"Go ahead," I coaxed, "Flick my nipple with your tongue. You'll love it."

I guided my tit to her mouth and she obeyed, flicking her tongue over my nipples. I watched her relax and settle into this obviously enjoyable task.

"Ahhh...that feels so good," I cooed, "Suck on them."

We settled into a rhythm of Summer sucking on my nipples, as I thrust my dripping pussy against her thigh. I probably should have been worried that I was crushing her, but I could think of nothing more than the beautiful girl beneath me as I lumbered toward orgasm.

"Oh GOD, Summer..." I cried, "You're gonna make me come."

"Mmm...I-I'm close too," she panted, as I circled and stroked her clit with varying speed and pressure.

"Unnnnghhhhh...Fuck!" I grunted, "I don't know if I can be quiet."

"Don't worry," Summer assured me, "They're on the other side of the house, asleep. Fuck 'em. Let me hear you..."

"Ahhhh... Ah, ah, ah ah AHHH!!!! I screamed, flooding Summer's thigh, hip and bedsheets with my slippery cum. 

Once I caught my breath, I leaned forward and sucked on Summer's nipples as I pressed hard on her clit, urging her into a violent climax. I was intoxicated by the sight, scent and texture of her juices on my hand. 

We collapsed on the bed, our chests heaving and glistening with beads of sweat as we recovered from our naughty adventure. We enjoyed sleeping naked, our smooth, soft bodies sliding together several times during the night. 

The next morning, Summer acted a little uncomfortable. I wanted to believe it was the hangover headache that was bothering her, but I knew she felt a little guilty about the night before. The weirdness tapered off as we piled into the car for shopping and lunch at the mall, our frequent Saturday morning routine. We had our normal fun, blowing paychecks on shoes and jeans, sipping iced coffees and making fun of mall walkers. There was an added closeness that remained unspoken, but was very much present. I knew our relationship would never be the same - the previous night's events had brought us closer. I just hoped they weren't a one-time occurrence.