 Please email me your comments or suggestions as they always help a writer. Hopefully I do not offend any basketball teams or coaches, as this is purely a fantasy story. I have tried to use generic names for places and teams so they do not refer to any specific locations.

CHAPTER ONE

Leanne was the basketball coach of a college girl's team and had planned to build a strong rapport with all the girls. She had been an assistant coach for two years at a rival school in the conference so all the older players knew who she was. Leanne took over as head coach at the end of last season and spent the entire summer getting ready for the upcoming year. Everyone was pumped for the opening tournament which was hosted by the Kodiaks of St. Mary's, and the team had high expectations for the coming season after a year which saw them finish second in the conference.

The team knew of Leanne's reputation as an excellent all-star point guard in her playing days while attending CAL State. At 5'7", she wasn't the tallest player so she had to develop the finer aspects of the game. Her shooting ability was superior and that was one thing her past teams were known for. She stressed this aspect and it had paid huge dividends for her last team, Queens, as they won two straight championships.

Sally Duval who was head coach for the Pandas up until her resignation at the end of the past season, recommended Leanne for her replacement, as the two had known each other for years. They actually played together at CAL and both had pursued coaching careers when their college days came to an end. Sally was a very successful coach and the Pandas were sad to see her leave but felt comfortable with Leanne taking over the reigns. The veteran players knew Leanne was a guiding force at her last school from talking to their players and realized the impending change could improve the team.

This was Leanne's first opportunity as head coach and she was determined to give it all she had to be successful. Everything was dependant on winning and she had a fire in her belly to win the conference championship with her new team. Dreams of raising a banner to the rafters can do weird and wonderful things to a person and Leanne was no different than most. Sacrifices had to be made and she was more than willing to make them. Her husband, Rod, was very supportive of her career and backed her every move, willing to accept the time she had to spend at the gym or on the road.

The bus trip to St. Mary's was a short one and when the Pandas arrived at the hotel, Vicki, the team captain, and Leanne were allotted a room together. All the girls on the team were much closer knit that Leanne could ever envision and this trip would see her find that out. Her new, young assistant coach, Lynn, had graduated two years ago from the Pandas and she knew most of the girls extremely well. In fact, much better than anyone could imagine and she acted with ulterior motives. She was in charge of assigning rooms and making schedules for their daily routines while on the road and Lynn used this task to her advantage.

Vicki, Lynn and three of the older players planned sleeping arrangements weeks in advance and they kept it a secret from Leanne. Vicki was the leader of the pack and it was only natural for her to be named captain of the team. She was a consistent conference all-star forward and had the physical assets to go along with her ability. At 6'2", she was a formidable force and one of the reasons the Pandas were ranked so highly.

Everyone headed off to their rooms after the bus was unloaded and Leanne and Vicki were the last ones in the lobby. "This is wonderful as it will give us a chance to get to know each other better," Vicki said in an attempt to justify the arrangements. "I think the two of us should spend time going over the game plans and discuss how the team should play," she added and then turned to go to the room. Her demeanor sort of gave Leanne the feeling that her team captain was extremely orderly and demanding and a little shiver shot through her head with the thought that this girl was so powerful.

Leanne accepted the facts and thought that Vicki was entirely correct in what she said. The coach and her best player should be on the same page if the team was to have any success at all. In fact, she should have thought of such a thing, as this time together with Vicki would surely add to team unity.

Grabbing her bags, she followed the assertive, team captain. Glancing at Vicki as she led the way, Leanne was mesmerized by the girl's absolute perfect figure. It struck her strange, as normally taller girls didn't have such nicely rounded hips and slim waist. All the exercise she got playing sports probably helped her keep a desirable, fit shape. The one thing about her captain that did sort of frightened her was the over-confident manner she displayed. There was no doubt who was the boss of the Pandas when Vicki was around, as all the other girls did exactly what she demanded. Leanne thought it best to work with the girl rather than try to split the team loyalties between the coach and captain.

Vicki was almost young enough to be her daughter as Leanne was now the ripe age of 35. She still played basketball whenever she could and kept herself in top condition by exercising daily. Being on good terms with her players was paramount in Leanne's thinking and she relished the evening ahead as a chance to further that goal. Besides, Vicki was an extremely friendly and outgoing person and one who made friends easily so Leanne thought it should be easy to get to know her better.

Both women unpacked and settled in for the night. It was extremely important to Leanne to be accepted by Vicki and she was determined to see that they got along well. Glancing across the room at her roommate, Leanne could see that she was what most would call a truly beautiful Amazon girl. Her tall, lean body was extraordinary in almost every way and even for such a tall girl she had fairly large, perky breasts. Vicki was the chosen leader of the team and had molded their success by forming a strong bond among all the players.

It was already past nine o'clock and there was nothing formal planned for the team. Leanne switched on the television to see if anything interesting was playing and waited for Vicki to come out of the washroom, as she was getting comfortable for evening. Hearing her re-enter the room, Leanne's shock was not hidden well when she noticed Vicki's attire. Clad only in bra and panties, she boldly walked to her bed, holding Leanne's bewildered stare for a few seconds.

Suddenly, Leanne realized she was staring and she ripped her eyes away from the almost nude girl, focusing as best she could on the TV. She couldn't explain the shocked feeling and why her heart began racing a mile a minute. Nothing was said as Vicki plunked herself down on the mattress and got comfortable. For some unexplained reason, Leanne felt a magnetism towards this girl and that her captain was a person that would become an influential part of her future.

After what seemed like an eternity, Leanne decided she should also get comfortable and get dressed in something more relaxing. "I, I..think I will change too," she whispered in a soft, meek voice as it seemed hard to even talk. With that, she grabbed her nightgown and went to the washroom. Not that it bothered Leanne to change in front of another woman, it was the fact it didn't seem right in this instance. She was the coach and expected to retain a thoroughly mature and professional attitude at all times.

Unknown to Leanne, the evening was well planned and thought out by the seductive team captain. Vicki smiled at the bemused look on her coaches' face when she entered the room clad in such shear clothing. Her wide-eyed look of surprise was priceless and Vicki hadn't realized how innocent and naïve the woman really was. She was going to enjoy tormenting Leanne and the devilish grin was testament of the fact.

Leanne couldn't believe how her hands were shaking when she donned her nightie. She actually thought it was a positive signal to see her player feel relaxed enough to undress in her presence and felt it was a good sign. After all, she thought, she was almost old enough to be her mother so her actions were probably normal for any player who was on a road trip.

She delayed her stay in the small washroom, as she was a little hesitant to be in the same room as someone so scantily dressed but she reluctantly rejoined Vicki in the bedroom. Keeping her eyes cast in every direction but at Vicki, Leanne proceeded to her bed.

"Let's watch a little television before we discuss what the team should do in our first game," Vicki suddenly announced. "What do you feel like watching?" she asked and quickly twisted her lithe body so that she was lying on her stomach, facing the screen. She began thumbing through the channels with the remote, pausing on each to see what was showing.

With the beds side by side, this left the stunning girl almost completely exposed to the world. Leanne felt pangs of jealously rush through her veins at the sight of such a sexy, adorable girl as her tall stature gave Vicki an extra bit of unique beauty. With Vicki lying towards the TV, she couldn't see Leanne which meant the coach could steal a glance at the nakedness without being seen. The truth was Vicki purposely ignored her coaches' admiration and used every bit of trickery to brazenly show off her body. 

Leanne lay on her bed with her head propped up on the pillow, which gave her a pristine view of the sprawling body only a few feet away. In their present positions, it would be too obvious if Leanne did anything to evade the picturesque scenery so she cowered on her bed trying to watch the TV. Vicki had purposely exposed her treasures in hopes of gaining the upper hand. She had figured out to what extent her new coach would go to fulfill her dreams of success and Vicki was determined to take advantage of Leanne's weakness.

Vicki had purposely worn her favorite pair of thong panties and knew the flimsy material, in reality almost non-existent, accentuated her delectable ass cheeks. She kept squirming on the bed, partly because of the intense excitement and partly in an attempt to entice her victim. She would spread her legs seductively every few seconds and could feel the area between her legs getting damper by the minute. Vicki knew the thin strip of material was soaked and would do nothing to conceal her feminine beauty.


Oh gawd, she could hardly wait to get the woman's mouth on her quivering pussy and wondered if she would have to force Leanne to submit. Vicki was normally a dominant person and never had to wait to achieve her goals, which probably spoiled the young woman. This covert foreplay was making her so aroused that the wait was making her mind crazy in anticipation.

Suddenly she turned her head to look at Leanne and noticed how quickly she turned a brilliant shade of red. Quickly, Leanne shifted her eyes from Vicki's nudity and focused on the television, feeling the embarrassment of peeping on someone. "Yes, yes she has noticed my teasing and just wait until I get you undressed," Vicki said to herself with all the confidence in the world.

The girls then chitchatted about nothing in particular and Leanne was thankful it was so light, as she found it hard to concentrate. Vicki's gaze returned to the television and Leanne felt a wave of relief flow through her flustered body as the girl's attention was drawn away to the sitcom. With Vicki's body and the screen in almost the same latitude, it was impossible for Leanne not to see both. Again, the lioness went back to moving her body in such a way to entice the poor coach to notice her shameless nudity.

Leanne's bemused mind was thoroughly confused by what had transpired so far and she really didn't know how to get her mind off the uncomfortable feeling of having her team captain lounge around almost naked. She shuddered at the sight of the gleaming crevice between the gapping thighs and wondered at Vicki's boldness. There was no way she would ever be caught displaying herself in such vulgar fashion.

The talk soon got around to the team and plans for their first opponent. It seemed natural for Vicki to join her coach on one bed so nothing was said when she moved over to Leanne's bed. Vicki jumped onto the soft mattress and sat with her legs crossed directly opposite her coach. It was all Leanne could do to not swallow her tongue at the young girls open, indifferent voyeurism, as she showed no concern of openly exhibiting her womanly attributes.

Leanne did her best to keep her eyes off the woman but it was difficult when Vicki did things to draw her attention. Like every once in awhile, she would pretend to scratch an itchy spot or move her hands to her chest or thighs in an attempt to draw Leanne's attention.

It was becoming exceedingly hot in the room and Leanne was sure her face was flushed a rosy red. Brief glances at the girl's immense treasures gave proof to her possessing perky, pink nipples as they put obvious protrusions in the flimsy bra cups. Leanne certainly blushed when her eyes caught glimpses of the girls nearly naked lower region, as the soaked, white panties did nothing to hide the wet, puffy labia. The thin, narrow strip of curly hair rising above the pink lips could be clearly noticed through the shear material, as the brazen girl sat cross legged on the bed.

Leanne found it difficult to keep her breathing at a normal rate and tried hard to keep her eyes focused on Vicki's smiling face. The grin was not one of happiness but one of pure, tantalizing joy as the team captain tormented the flustered coach. Then she did the most unexpected thing by pulling the bra cup to the side and exposing her erect tit.

"These damn nipples keep driving me crazy as they always get irritated when I wear a bra," she boldly stated to the shocked coach. "See how the bloody things get so erect?" she asked and shamelessly pinched the bud between two fingers. What could Leanne say as the hardened nipple was exposed before her by the blatant hussy. If she mumbled anything in response to Vicki's question, it would not be understood so she sat speechless.

"You don't mind if I take it off so it doesn't bother my nipples, do you?" Vicki asked and knew her question could not be answered with a no. After a few seconds of silence, she went ahead and shucked the lacy bra and Leanne watched in amazement. "There, that feels so much better and I can breath again," she said. "Go ahead, get comfortable as we are both grown women and sure don't have anything to hide from one another," she told Leanne who stammered giving a faint response. "No, I am fine like this," she whispered and blushed, as she knew it was a most feeble answer.

It was not the temperature in the room that was increasing dramatically, but Leanne's internal flames licking away at her insides. This sordid affair was having a profound affect on her reasoning and she was filled with doubts of her ability to control what was happening. She was experiencing emotions, which were foreign and for the first time in her life, noticed another woman's body in a sexual manner. It was so immoral that she felt pangs of guilt and embarrassment fill her head with uncertainty.

Leanne felt a wave of relief wash over her as the talk eventually got back to the Pandas. Vicki was an extremely skilled player and knew much about how to run a high-powered offense. Leanne's prowess was defense for which she had been held in high regard during her playing days. The mix of the two seemed to fit wonderfully and both girls were extremely satisfied by the more than satisfactory results. They went over formations and plays and it was amazing how well everything meshed.

Sensing that no more was going to be accomplished in their conversation, Vicki cleverly switched topics and explained how the girls relaxed before a big tournament. "I hope you don't mind that I arranged for us to be roomies as I thought it was important for us to get to know each other," she said in an easy tone as she was about to show Leanne who was in-charge. "Most of the girls use wrestling as the best method to release pent up pressures and we have found it excellent to rid ourselves of stress," Vicki informed her coach.

As she spoke and told Leanne about wrestling, she almost dared her to take the place of one of her teammates. "I have never wrestled and wouldn't have the slightest idea of how to do it," Leanne said as she offered an excuse for not participating. "I just wouldn't be any good at it," she said in an attempt to justify her refusal.

"I get so worked up before a big game and just need some way to work off steam," Vicki told her roommate. The playful gestures and pushing around started very innocently and it quickly became apparent that Leanne was extremely ticklish. Vicki soon had her laughing so hard that tears filled her eyes and she attacked her tummy and armpits with a vengeance. One thing led to another and in no time the two were rough housing like teenagers on a sleepover. 

They rolled and wrestled on Leanne's bed and Vicki's nudity was a forgotten fact. It went on for more than 10 minutes and it became quite evident that Vicki had superior strength and agility as she controlled almost every move. Leanne had to admit that it felt weird wrestling and she hesitated for that split second every time Vicki put her in a hold for fear of inadvertently touching her in an obscene spot.

"I am really glad we have this opportunity to get to know each other. I have talked to the girls at Queens and they all gave raving reviews for your coaching ability and I certainly admire your hard work," Vicki told her coach with the expectation of boasting her image. "It's good we can relax in each others company and I wanted you to like me," she whispered which brought the intended results.

By this time, Leanne felt a little guilty for not agreeing immediately with her young, star player, after all, she was only thinking of what was best for the team. "I know what you mean as I believe it is most important for you and I to get along. I love the way you play, with intensity and heart, and you are the first player I would want on my team," Leanne answered to her player. "Thank you for having the consideration to be my roomie and I will certainly do my part for the team," she said and unwittingly conceded her fate to her young star.

**

Vicki had a decision to make. She had to choose the right way to seduce her attractive coach to have any chance of success. One method was to be the aggressor and dominate her much weaker and submissive foe. She knew this attack would certainly reap some benefits, as it was the one technique she used extensively in the past with girls her own age. The other was to play a sympathy card and try to garner Leanne's compassion by allowing her to play the mother role. This one offered the biggest challenge and sent a few little shivers up her spine just thinking about it.

Leanne had to admit that it had felt weird wrestling and she wished that Vicki would don a few more clothes. Vicki certainly was strong physically and seemed to be overpowering mentally as well when dealing with her teammates. This challenging demeanor she displayed gave Leanne feelings of doubt and inadequacy to some degree, wondering whether she could fit in as the Pandas' coach.

The devious plan formed in her mind quickly and Vicki grinned with the satisfaction of knowing she was minutes away from tasting a woman's sweet innocence. There was nothing that would give her a bigger thrill than seducing a mature woman and with Leanne being married only added to the allure. She did feel a small tremor of guilt but it passed without leaving any lingering doubts.
