 The weekend following our first sexual escapade, I headed to Summer's on Friday night per our usual routine. Her family was gone for the weekend at a church retreat and we had the house to ourselves. We usually spent weekends like that watching movies she wasn't normally allowed to see or having co-ed drinking parties that were beyond forbidden. But this particular weekend she made no mention of having people over, and I couldn't help but hope that meant she was ready for some more one-on-one fun. 

I went straight to Summer's house when I got off work around midnight. I let myself in and found her in the living room, flipping through channels on their massive flat screen. She was dressed in cute pink plaid pajama pants and a light blue form-fitting baby t-shirt that bared just the slightest sliver of her soft tummy. Her hair was banded in a high ponytail and I could smell her fruity shampoo. She was obviously fresh from the shower, which made me mindful of my own hygiene status. I had come to her house after work and flopped down on the couch in my fast food getup countless times over the years, but things were different now. Unwilling to get close enough for her to notice my sweat-plastered hair or the scent of greasy french fries, I poked my head into the living room and announced that I was going to hop into the shower.

"Oh hey," she greeted me, "Help yourself - I just got out. There's clean towels in the linen closet."

"Thanks, I'll just be a minute."

I helped myself to towels and lugged my tote bag into Summer's bathroom. I couldn't help but remember what transpired here last weekend and I wondered if she thought about it as she got ready in the morning, standing before this very mirror. I closed my eyes and let my mind wander back to my first glimpse of Summer's adorable pussy and the guilty pleasure I saw in her face when she couldn't pull her eyes away from my nether region. I couldn't stop my hand from making it's way down to my slit, massaging my outer lips ever so gently - the way I did when I touched Summer for the first time. I used my other hand to pull and twist on my nipple as I felt wetness seeping from between my legs. I propped one leg on the toilet lid for better access, and opened my eyes to a delicious view of my own anatomy in the bathroom mirror. Thinking of Summer, I kept my eyes fixed on my own glistening lips. I remembered the heat of Summer's mouth, clumsy and untrained on my hard nipples. I felt my legs shake as I brought myself to a swift climax, fearful that Summer had somehow heard my stifled moans (and on the other hand, hopeful that she had). 

I took a long, hot shower using Summer's shampoo and body wash, as I had dozen of times before. This time, the smell was so intoxicating, I fought hard to keep my hand from ravaging my clit once again. I grabbed the fresh razor from my tote bag and smoothed off the stubble around my pussy lips, legs and underarms. I had no idea if things were going to heat up again, but I was damn well going to be ready in the event they did.

After drying off, brushing my teeth, blowing my hair dry and donning my pajamas (wishing I'd brought a cuter pair), I rejoined Summer in the living room. I was surprised to see that she was scrolling through movie channels, as her parents kept a strict lock on anything with higher than a PG-13 rating. 

"Did your parents finally lift the ban on grown-up movies?" I asked, jokingly.

"Hell, no," she replied, "I just figured out the current password."

"Really... what was it?" I asked

"Corinthians," she replied, "They change it often, but never with any variety. It's always straight from the bible."

We shared a laugh and then went back to deciding on a movie. As late as it was on a Friday night, many of the channels offered nothing more than softcore skin flicks. Together, we read the ridiculous titles out loud.

"Wet and Wild Ladies,"

"Dominatrix City,"

"Spaceship Seduction,"

"Lesbian Vixens..."

After the last title, we both paused for a split-second. It was the first awkward moment we'd shared since the morning after. Nervous as I was, I decided to capitalize on the opportunity while I still had the chance.

"Have you ever watched one of those shows?" I asked.

"No," she answered honestly, "I've never really had the chance without anyone around to catch me."

"They're kinda funny, actually," I tried to make light of my suggestion, "There isn't any real sex, just a bunch of naked people rubbing up against each other, trying to make it look like they're doing it."

"Really?" she asked curiously, "Let's watch one."

That was easier than I thought. To my delight, she selected Lesbian Vixens and we settled in to an opening scene of two young women baking cookies. They were dressed in belly shirts and super-short shorts, wearing tons of make-up. And, of course, one of them accidentally stuck her finger in the cookie batter, and the other one thought it logical to lick it off seductively, rather than running it under the faucet. We giggled at the cheesy cinematography until one of the girls took her shirt off, and the other began sucking on her nipples. Tacky and fake or not, this show was starting to turn me on and I suspected the same from Summer when I heard a barely audible gasp escape her throat. 

We sat in the dark living room, watching the two women go at it for the full hour without saying a word. Summer's eyes never left the screen and I wondered if it was because she enjoyed the movie that much, or if she was too embarrassed to look at me. 

When the credits started rolling, Summer announced that she was tired and ready for bed. I quietly followed as we went around making sure doors and windows were locked and lights were turned off. 

When we got to her room, Summer took her pajama pants off and hopped into bed (she never slept with pants on, only her underwear and a t-shirt). I climbed in next to her as she turned off the light. It certainly didn't look like anything was about to happen, and my clit was throbbing in protest. I waited for her to say, "Good night, Andrea" as I plotted an excuse to go to the bathroom and masturbate again. 

Instead of saying good night, Summer rolled onto her side and reached a hand out to my thigh. I wondered at first if she had brushed my leg by mistake - something else that had happened a million times over the course of our friendship - but quickly realized she knew exactly what she was doing as she began tracing lazy circles across my skin.

I turned to face her and ran my hand over the side of her abdomen, down her hips and back up, growing ever more excited by the outline of her hourglass figure. Summer slid her hand up my shirt and began toying with my breasts, rolling my nipples around on her fingertips and palming their full weight. I heard her breathing deepen and felt the pull on my tits increase in pressure and speed. She was really getting into it! I ran my hand up to Summer's face and pulled it to mine in a tender kiss. It attempted to be tender, anyway, but apparently she had other ideas. She threw a leg over my hip and pulled me into her, pressing our bodies together as she probed my mouth with her soft tongue. 

I wrapped my arms around her tiny waist and rolled onto my back, pulling her on top of me. She sure is a good learner, I thought as she boldly grinded her pussy against my thigh, just as I had done the previous weekend. The moonlight streaming in from Summer's bedroom window illuminated her perky, round tits as I freed them from the confines of her t-shirt. I eagerly ran my hands up and down, back and forth across her stomach and chest, marveling in the firm, yet soft details of her physique. Her nipples were so hard, it almost felt as though they would pluck off right in the palm of my hand as I flicked and twisted. 

Summer reached for the hem of my tank top, pulled it over my head and flung it toward the end of the bed. I pulled her down toward me so I could feel our breasts rubbing against each other as I kissed her mouth hungrily. I could feel Summer's muscles tightening around my thigh and, unwilling to let her come just yet, I rolled her onto her back once more. 

I slithered my tongue down Summer's neck and between her breasts, pausing to greet each with a kiss, a lick and a nibble. She raised her hips as I removed her panties, bucking and moaning underneath me as I kissed a trail down her thighs, calves and ankles. 

I worked my way back up to the sweet spot between her legs and used my thumbs to separate her puffy pussy lips. They were perfectly smooth! I glanced up at Summer, who was smiling wickedly, having obviously anticipated my reaction. 

"I got another Brazilian bikini wax this week," she explained.

"So..." I flirted cautiously, "You knew this was going to happen?"

"I hoped it would happen," she corrected me, "I've been thinking about it all week."

"Me too," I said.

"I actually masturbated for the first time in my life this week," she admitted, "Thinking about the way you touched me."

The mental image of Summer playing with herself, especially to the thought of us together, sent another surge of moisture between my legs. These were her first sexual experiences with women, and I was the one who took her over the edge, tempted her beyond the point of control. This knowledge lubed my ego to match my cunt.

"Well, I can't say it was my first time doing it," I offered, "But I was so turned by the thought of seeing you again that I masturbated in your bathroom tonight before my shower."

"Mmmm..." Summer mused, "What did you think about while you were doing it?"

"I watched myself in your mirror," I said, "And I imagined the slippery pussy lips I was stroking were yours,"

"It's so hot to think of you playing with yourself," Summer replied, "But... are you going to be able to...?"

"Oh!" I cried when I realized what she was trying to ask, "I'm not a guy - I'm not a one shot deal!"

Summer laughed, blushing.

"Besides," I continued, "I can't imagine NOT coming when we're together like this."

Summer reached down to fondle my tits hanging above her, as I stroked the buttery suede of her wet pussy.

"I want to taste you," I whispered in her ear.

"What?" she responded.

"I want to taste your pussy," I repeated, "I want to make you come with my mouth."

"A-Are you sure?" she asked timidly, "Have you ever done that before?"

"Just once," I admitted.

"Was it...gross?" she asked.

"Not at all," I assured her, "I was nervous that I wouldn't like it but it's really sexy."

"It doesn't smell bad or... taste bad?"

"Nope," I promised, "It's the hottest thing I've ever smelled or tasted."

"I don't know..." she struggled, but I knew she was curious.

"Let me make you feel good..." I pleaded, "I promise you'll love it."

Without waiting for a response, I pushed Summer's knees apart and lowered myself between. I caught a whiff of her clean scent and immediately craved a taste. I teased her some more first, licking from her knee to the crook of skin between her thigh and labia. I knew she could feel my breath on her wetness, cool as I inhaled, warm as I exhaled. She started gyrating her hips, trying to catch my face with her pussy. I was as eager as she was -- but I wanted her to beg for it.

"Andreaaah..." she whined, "pleeeeaseeee...."

"Please what?" I played coy.

I spread her once more, revealing a pinkish-red button engorged with desire. Using the opportunity to explore her anatomy up close and personal, I marveled at her inner lips, so neat and tiny. Farther down, I could see her precious, virginal opening. Neither of us had ever had intercourse, that I knew for sure, but I wondered if she had ever had anything up there. Had she been fingered? If she'd never masturbated before this week, she certainly didn't own a vibrator or dildo. She must enjoyed watching my eyes on her most private parts, as I noticed a small trickle of wetness run fresh from her hole, down the crack of her sweet ass. 

"Pl-Please..." she begged, "pleeeeease...lick my pussy."

I lowered my tongue onto her clit with the lightest pressure I could muster, and flicked the pebble slowly, with a stiff tongue. I lowered my tongue more firmly and softly onto her slickness folds, this time drawing lazy, heavy circles around the edge of her clit. I continued this for a while before I slid my hands under hips to keep control of her thrashing pelvis.

"Unnnhhh!" she grunted, "That feels so good I can hardly stand it!"

Eager to show Summer even higher levels of pleasure, I recalled what the college student had done to drive me wild. I used my whole mouth to surround her clit and pulsed the area with some gentle, rhythmic, sucking. Occasionally, I dropped my tongue down to flick the tender bud. This technique, though tricky and exhausting, was really doing it for Summer. My chin was positioned right at the entrance to her opening, and I could feel her juices running down my chin. I was sure the bed beneath her hips would be soaked. 

"Ohmi...GOD!" Summer was actually yelling now, "I feel like I'm on FIRE!!"

I could tell she was close and this time, I decided to allow her a sweet release. I took her pleasure up a notch as I continued the suck-and-lick pattern, adding the side-to-side motion of my whole head. It worked almost instantly.

"Unnnggghhhh..... Ahhhh... Ah! Ah! AHHHHH!" Summer screamed, "I'm coming! I'm coming... pleeease don't stop!"

I took a deep breath before smashing my whole face into Summer's dripping wet pussy. I pressed my lips, tongue and chin into her folds as she climaxed, flooding me with her musky wetness. 

When the thrashing subsided, Summer lay shaking on the bed, reveling in the afterglow of what I felt confident was the best orgasm of her life. I wiped her juice from my chin, but purposely left enough on my lips so that she could taste herself in our kiss. I didn't want her to be afraid of how she tasted or smelled; I wanted her to learn to love pussy as much as I did. 

As I leaned forward to kiss her, that same familiar reluctance crept across her face as she backed away from me.

"Don't be afraid to kiss me," I insisted, "I want you to taste yourself, to know that there isn't anything gross about it."

"I can't..." she began arguing.

"Have I done anything you haven't liked so far?" I pointed out.

She smiled and relaxed a little as I saw the trust in her eyes. Summer must have figured that I knew her better than anyone and if I said she was going to like something, chances are I'd be right.

I leaned down to kiss her and she opened her mouth, licking my lips and tongue enthusiastically. I felt the low rumble of a moan, verification that she was indeed turned on by the taste and scent of a woman. We kissed before a short time before she said the words I had secretly been dying to hear.

"I want to do that to you, too" Summer said bluntly.

"Are you sure?" I asked, "You don't have to if you're not comfortable with it."

"No, I want to," she assured me, "It was so hot watching you do it to me and I trust you when you say it isn't gross. I would love the chance to see that part of you that close."

"God, just thinking about it has me wet as hell," I said.

"You're gonna have to...um...show me what to do, though," Summer said shyly, "I wouldn't have a clue."

"Haven't I been a good teacher so far?" I asked with a smile.

"Plus," Summer added, "I think it's kind of hot when you tell me what to do..."

"Reeeally?" I was no less than shocked.

"Mmmhmm," she said, "But not in a mean leather-and-whips way. Just tell me how to get you off."

"I can handle that," I said. 

I pulled Summer in for another kiss, positioning her on top of me as I rolled onto my back. 

"Take my panties off," I whispered into her ear.

Summer obeyed first of many commands, scooting herself to the foot of the bed before sliding my moist underwear down my legs. I then opened my legs to show her everything she was about to experience. I have to admit, part of me enjoyed the look of shock on her innocent face. I used my fingers to spread my lips apart.

"Do you see how wet you make me?" I asked her.

"Mmmhmm..." she answered, staring with wide, unblinking eyes.

I took Summer's finger and ran it over my wet folds. I handed it back to her and said, "Taste it."

She looked up at me and back down at my pussy, back and forth as if she were nervous.

"Don't be afraid," I said, "Lick your finger."

Reluctantly, Summer put her finger to the very tip of her tongue. I watched her eyes light up in excitement and relief as she closed her mouth around it.

The look on her face was just too cute for me to ruin with an 'I told you so'. Instead, I rewarded her courage with another challenge.

"Ok, now I want you to put your finger inside me."

"Won't that hurt?" Summer asked.

"Not at all," I explained, "Sometimes I put a vibrator inside myself when I'm trying to get off."

"I've never had anything inside me," she confessed, "I'm afraid it would hurt."

"Don't worry", I assured her, "We'll get you there sometime... but for now, I want you to finger me."

Summer inserted the tip of her finger cautiously into the entrance of my pussy, palm up. I continued to talk her through the task.

"Ok, now, bend and extend your finger like you're saying, 'c'mere'," I directed. 

I felt Summer gingerly being moving her finger inside me and I urged her to do it harder.

"Don't be afraid," I instructed, "The harder you do it, the better it feels."

Summer's shoulder heaved as she used energy from her whole body to fuel the finger grinding against my g-spot. I felt a fiery, blinding pressure building with each stroke. 

I reached for Summer's hand, forcefully removing it from my canal. The look on her face was pained and inquisitive.

"You didn't do anything wrong," I assured her, "It felt amazing, but I wasn't ready to come yet."

Summer took the hint perfectly. She positioned her face above my crotch and looked up at me coyly, awaiting my directives.

"Stick your tongue out firmly and slide it between my pussy lips, without pulling them apart." I commanded, matter-of-factly.

I marveled at the added friction of my lips against her tongue, as Summer raked her fingertips up and down my inner thighs.

"You're so good at this, baby," I praised, "Do you like the taste of my pussy?"

Summer smiled with her eyes, not breaking contact with my cunt. 

"Now, use your fingers to pull my lips back," I ordered.

The slight tremor in Summer's touch betrayed her confident face as I felt her expose my clit and hole. I allowed her time to assess my womanhood before giving the next set of instructions.

"Now," I bossed, "Keep your tongue soft and drag it slowly up and down my slit,"

Summer did this a little too tentatively.

"No," I corrected, "From the clit all the way down to the opening and back,"

Summer obeyed this time, and I basked in the warmth of her mouth and tongue on every inch of my womanhood. I was so turned on by our little cat-and-mouse game that I felt myself drawing close to orgasm yet again.

"Fuck me with your tongue," I barked, "Stick your tongue inside my pussy,"

Having learned not to argue, Summer did as she was told. She worked her warm, stiff tongue in and out of my cunt, her nose bumping against my clit with every motion. I could have easily finished in this position, but I didn't want to flood her with my juices. 

"Mmmm," I cooed, "That feels soooo good... I'm getting close..."

Summer quickened her speed, an obvious effort to encourage my orgasm. 

"No, no," I chided, "Go back to my clit, but this time... draw circles with a stiff tongue around my clit,"

Summer did exactly as I asked, adding her own flair. She hummed at a low pitch as she encased my clit in her mouth, circling a soft tongue around my clit. 
