 Zoe sat in the booth, her eyes trained on the door, her right leg bouncing up and down with the speed of a jackhammer. Her face and chest were flushed, physical evidence of her nervousness. She checked her phone again to check the time they were supposed to meet for the seventh time. She had arrived early so she could pick a good spot and get some liquid courage into her system before her date showed up. Now her cranberry vodka was half gone, and her nerves had only increased since she sat down. 

Needing something to occupy herself, she stared down at her drink, using her straw as an ice pick to break up the ice cubes. As she separated the last two she heard the swish of fabric and the gentle creak of the vinyl booth. 

"I hope you haven't been waiting long," a soothing voice invaded her thoughts.

Zoe shook her head, looking up. "Just a few minutes," she lied, her eyes meeting her date's gaze. The eyes that met hers were a pale brown. Zoe was suddenly very thankful for the dim lighting that helped to hide her blush. The woman sitting across from her was easily the most beautiful woman she had ever seen. 

Dark blonde curls fell to her shoulders, perfectly framing her face. Her lips were full, forming the perfect, kissable pout and painted a soft pink. She was wearing a dusky lavender shirt that showcased her breasts, the fabric was sheer enough that Zoe thought she saw a bar pierced through on of the nipples that were standing at full attention. Some of her nerves died away and she was glad she hadn't chickened out on meeting Sadie tonight.

Sadie signaled the waitress and ordered a drink. As the waitress walked away she leaned forward across the table. "Zoe, I know you're nervous, but there's no reason to lie."

"What are you talking about?"

"You've been here for almost fifteen minutes."

"How do you know that?"

"Because I've been here for almost twenty minutes. I wanted to be here when you got arrived. I hid at a table back there" she gestured to a table in the darkened corner "and watched you before I came over here."

Zoe took another sip of her drink, taking in the information. A small part of her was weirded out, but the largest part of her was oddly soothed by the knowledge that Sadie had taken time to observe before coming over to her, letting her calm down and get more comfortable with the situation.

The waitress returned with Sadie's drink and she raised her glass in a toast "to new experiences". Zoe clinked her tumbler against Sadie's and smiled as she took a sip. 

For years, Zoe had found herself fascinated with the idea of two women kissing and cuddling. Over time those fantasies had evolved and become more sexual to the point that whenever she masturbated, it was to lesbian sex. It was nothing she ever thought she would act on but enjoyed keeping it as her secret fantasy.

One night, after another horrible date, she drowned herself in a bottle of wine and made herself a new online dating profile on a lesbian dating site. The next morning she woke up and saw dozens of notifications on her phone, all from the app she had completely forgotten she had downloaded. Many of the messages were not ones that she would ever have responded to, but one stood out from the rest.

SassySadie: Good morning beautiful! I'm sure you're being flooded with messages right now from women trying to get into your pants, but I wanted to reach out and let you know that if you just need a friend or someone to talk to, I'm here for you!

Zoe spent a long time staring at the message, not sure how to respond. She clicked on Sadie's profile and liked everything that she read and all the pictures she saw. Heart pounding, she replied to the sweet message.

NewbieZoe:  Thank you for your message. I am completely new to this and have no idea what I'm doing!

SassySadie:  We've all been there! Can I ask what made you join this website?

NewbieZoe:  Too much wine and a horrible date.

SassySadie:  LOL. I've been there myself. How do you feel about it now?

NewbieZoe:  Honestly? Completely out of my mind with nerves.

SassySadie:  What can I do to help ease your nerves?

From that point on, Zoe found herself being completely open with this woman she had met. For once in her life, Zoe didn't find herself trying to figure out what she was supposed to say, instead answering openly and honestly. Their conversations never felt awkward or stunted and every time her phone buzzed she felt a rush of excitement, hoping it was Sadie and disappointed when it wasn't. Things progressed slowly, which suited Zoe just fine. Early this afternoon Sadie asked if she wanted to meet tonight for a drink to see if they clicked. She'd agreed, and now here they were.

"How nervous are you right now?" Sadie asked, interrupting Zoe's thoughts.

"Not much anymore. I was until you got here, but this just feels...right."

Sadie smiled, dimples flashing in her cheeks. "I'm glad to hear you say that. I don't want any of this to be weird for you."

"I do have one question though," Zoe said, proud of herself for putting the topic on the table.

"You can ask me anything."

"What are you expecting out of tonight? Or just this" she gestured between the two of them with her hand "in general?"

Sadie took a slow sip of her drink, her lips pursing around the straw in a way that made Zoe want to be that straw. "Well, at the risk of freaking you out, I want to finish these drinks and go back to my place."

Zoe gulped, then took another sip of her drink. With a sudden surge of daring, she tipped her glass back and drained the rest of her cocktail. Setting the glass back down she licked her lips. "I'm all done."

Sadie smiled and let out a low mmm before pushing her drink aside. "I'm suddenly not thirsty anymore." She tossed a twenty on the table and stood, reaching for Zoe's hand. "Let's go."

Butterflies danced in her stomach as she took Sadie's hand. She followed her through the dimly lit bar to the parking lot. "Did you drive?" Sadie asked. 

Zoe shook her head. "I wanted to be open to anything that might happen tonight, so I took an Uber."

"Good girl. Are you good to ride with me?"

"I am."

Sadie led her to a black SUV and opened the passenger door for her. Zoe expected that Sadie would shut the door and go around to the driver's side, but instead Sadie reached across her to buckle her seatbelt. Once she buckle snapped into place she leaned back and rubbed the backs of her knuckles against Zoe's cheek. "If I kiss you now we won't make it back to my house until after we've been arrested for indecent exposure."

Zoe blushed. "Then we better get going."

The whole drive to Sadie's house Sadie kept her hand on Zoe's thigh. Zoe felt like a live wire, aching for more of Sadie's touch. Luckily, Sadie didn't live far and they made it to her house just a few minutes after they left the bar.

They held hands as they walked into the house. "I've never done this before," Zoe blurted.

Sadie curled a hand around Zoe's neck and leaned in so that their foreheads were touching. "I know, baby."

"I don't know what I'm doing."

"That's okay, baby. I'll teach you everything you need to know." She leaned in and brushed her lips across Zoe's. 

Zoe sighed as a brief jolt of pleasure rushed through her system. Her mouth opened and she felt Sadie's tongue tracing the inside edge of her lips. She opened her mouth further, inviting her to deepen the kiss. Sadie obliged, taking control of her mouth, stroking her tongue alongside Zoe's and exploring every crevice. Zoe moaned, kissing Sadie back with everything she had in her. She lifted her hands from her sides and speared them into Sadie's dusky curls

When Sadie pulled back Zoe let out a whimper. "Why did you stop?" she whined.

Sadie chuckled. "Don't worry, we'll get back to the kissing. Right now, I want to see more of you."

Zoe blushed but nodded. "Out here?" She asked, looking around the living room.

Sadie shook her head and tugged Zoe down the hallway to a softly lit room. A bed covered in pillows dominated the space. They stopped next to the bed as Sadie tugged Zoe's shirt up over her head, their lips smooching together as Sadie's hands roamed her body. Zoe's bra came next, her nipples hardening instantly in the chilled air.

"Oh look at these tits," Sadie exclaimed, her breath brushing hot over Zoe's skin. Her teeth lightly nipped across Zoe's right nipple before sucking it deeply into her mouth. "You taste delicious."

All Zoe could do was moan and run her fingers through Sadie's hair as her lover explored her body. Sadie moved her mouth across her breasts randomly. Sometimes nipping, sucking at other times, laving her rock-hard nipples with her dexterous tongue. "You would look gorgeous with your nipples pierced," Sadie told her.

"Like yours?"

Sadie winked, "So you noticed?"

Zoe brushed a finger over the pierced nipple. "It definitely drew my attention."

"Want to see it?"

Zoe nodded enthusiastically. "Yes, please."

"Take off my shirt," Sadie ordered.

Zoe obeyed eagerly, flinging the flimsy shirt across the room to land over by the dresser. Sadie wasn't wearing a bra and her breasts landed in Zoe's eager hands. She couldn't control herself and immediately ducked her head to suck on one nipple, drawing it hard into her mouth. She moaned around the nipple, not sure how she had gone so long without these feelings.

"Holy fuck, you're good at that," Sadie breathed. "Suck it harder."

Zoe obliged, moving to the pierced nipple, sucking hard around the bar that ran horizontally through the dusty rose nub. She alternated between the two nipples, loving the responses she elicited from Sadie. Each moan sent another rush of wetness between her thighs until she was clutching her legs together, trying to soothe the ache.

Two hands tugged on her hair, drawing her mouth away from Sadie's tits. "Why'd you stop me?"

Sadie kissed her hungrily before replying. "I'm dying to get between your legs, baby girl. Get on the bed," she ordered, shoving Zoe backwards onto the bed.

For the first time, Zoe regretted wearing pants. If she had worn a skirt, Sadie would be eating her out right now. She couldn't wait to feel Sadie's tongue exploring her folds, delving into her aching slit. She wriggled her hips, trying to help Sadie get the tight jeggings off her legs. She kicked the denim free, sending her heels along with it.

"Look at the pretty pussy baby," Sadie groaned, staring at her lace-covered mound. "It's so wet, just for me."

"All for you. I've never been this wet."

Sadie's grin was sly. "Oh, you'll be much wetter before the night is through." She hooked her thumbs in the fabric, "Do you like these panties, baby?" Zoe shook her head. "Good," she said, tugging hard on the fabric, ripping it from Zoe's body.

Zoe gasped, goosebumps erupting over her flesh. "Ohmigod. That's so hot."

Sadie took one of Zoe's ankles in each hand and spread her legs wide. "Oh look at that beautiful cunt. It's glistening, begging for my touch. You want me to eat you, baby?" She knelt down and blew gently over Zoe's exposed clit.

"Yes! Ohmigod yes!" Zoe fairly screamed and Sadie dove in.

Zoe hadn't been eaten out in years, but even with the distant memory she knew she had never been devoured like this. Sadie was rough, then gentle, tugging at her clit, pulling it hard between her lips. She kept Zoe's legs held in her hands, though she now held her by the thighs, keeping her legs spread so she could access all of Zoe's pussy. Her tongue slid in and out of Zoe's quivering cunt, fucking her as deeply as she could.

Sadie moaned into Zoe's slit, "this is the most delicious pussy I have ever tasted. You're close to cumming, aren't you, baby girl?"

"Yes, so close."

"Has a man ever given you so much pleasure?"

Zoe shook her head, thrashing against the pillows, desperately wanting Sadie's mouth back on her. "No. Never."

Sadie nipped at her clit again. "Do you want a man to eat at this pussy?"

"No, no. Only you. Please. Just eat me."

Sadie slipped a finger into Zoe's needy cunt, feeling it pulse around her, trying to bring it deeper inside her. "Such a greedy pussy," she slid another finger inside. "I'm going to make you cum so hard, baby girl."

Sadie attacked Zoe's pussy with fervor, fucking her fingers in and out of her weeping slit. She sucked hard at her clit, pulling it deeply into her mouth, sucking relentlessly in time to the thrust of her fingers. Zoe bucked against her mouth and came, screaming, her hands pulling Sadie's mouth harder against her pussy. 

As she came down from her orgasmic high, Sadie pulled back and nuzzled the inside of Zoe's thigh. "How was that, baby girl?"

Zoe mumbled something incoherently, smiling a dreamy smile. Sadie slid up onto the bed, pulling Zoe along with her to cuddle into the pillows. Sadie ran her fingers through her lover's hair as Zoe continued to float down from her orgasm. "Thank you," the shy girl murmured, nuzzling her head into Sadie's breasts.

"Oh, I have so much more to show you, my precious girl."

"You do?" Zoe wriggled closer. "Hey, you took off your pants. When did you do that?"

"You were a little busy while you came, so I slipped them off."

Zoe pouted. "I wanted to take off your pants."

Sadie laughed. "You'll get to next time, babe."

"Can I eat you out next time?"

"That's just one of the many things I have to show you, sweetness."

"What else are you going to show me?"

Sadie pointed to the drawer of the nightstand. "Open that drawer and see."

Reluctantly, Zoe pulled away from her new lover and opened the drawer. She gasped as the contents came into view. There were dildos, beads, handcuffs, scarves, and so much more. "What's this?" she asked, pulling out a hot pink dildo with leather straps.

"That's a strap on, babe. I'm going to fuck you with it."

Zoe blushed. "Are you going to fuck me with it now?"

Sadie smiled and pulled Zoe close to her again, tossing the strap on in the direction of the open nightstand drawer. "We've got lots of time to try out all the toys, baby. We won't even come close to using them all tonight."

Zoe kissed Sadie, sending her tongue into Sadie's mouth with a moan. "I can't wait."