 Jenny was a confident 21 year old student finishing her marketing internship for a large automaker. Her mentor was Linda Gruenn, the Technical Marketing Supervisor. Linda was great at developing people, finding their true potential and maximizing their natural strengths. For most of the summer as was the summer before, the relationship was professional. During the last six weeks of this period, Linda hung out more with the staff that included the interns. The company had formed an intramural volleyball league. They played on the company's employee private park property that had courts set up on a lake side beach. The teams were set, six players to a roster. They rotated with 4 on the court at a time. 

The league was a success, moral was high. The participants bonded and hung out after matches. It was great fun. The women's teams found themselves wearing bikini bathing suits under a league issued t shirt. Most of the girls followed Jenny's lead, splitting the shirt back so she could tie the now popular Hooter's knot in the back. This set off Jenny's and the other girl's appearance as nice but maybe teasingly naughty. 

The 4 team playoff to championship was played on a hot August night, Jenny and Linda found they were opponents in the championship round. Best of a 3 match set would win the first Volleyball Championship Cup. Linda was 36 but was in excellent shape. A college swimmer she was muscular but sexy and feminine. She was 5'9 and 140 lbs. Her 36C breasts were firm and high with rosy red areolas, her nipples seemed to always be at attention. Linda's medium red hair is fashionably bobbed. She looked as good in a bikini as the much younger office staff players. Jenny is easily the hottie of the court. She is 5'7, 120 lbs, strawberry blonde. Long smooth legs, built like a model despite her 34b cup breasts that sported peach color perky nipples. For two years, she was pursued by the men of the company, single and married. She managed to fend them off yet keep them close.

The first two matches split, the 3rd was for everything. The teams played hard but Linda's team won by the slimmest of margins. Everyone was sweating and near dehydration despite the attempts to keep everyone hydrated. It was such a great night, the women on both teams decided to meet at a nearby neighborhood bar...after they go home and clean up. 

Linda lived nearby, Jenny and Jackie; a beautiful 6 foot black woman did not. Both Sherry and Jackie had brought a change of clothes; there had been anticipation that there may be some gathering later that night. Linda had offered anyone that wanted to clean up could do so at her home. Jenny and Jackie followed Linda to her large home. The home had 3 baths plus a pool shower. Each woman headed off to clean up for the night out. 

When Jenny finished showering and drying her hair, she walked into the great room in her daisy dukes and tube top...she like Linda and Jackie did not need a bra. Jackie came out of her room in a stunning yellow summer outfit. Jackie was built like an Amazon, tall and firm, dark skinned that glowed. Linda finished up and walked out into the great room naked except for her panties. Both Jenny and Jackie took in Linda's tight body. The room went quit. Linda just laughed and said...we are all women here, no big deal. Linda picked out her clothes from the laundry and headed back to her room. Jackie laughed at Linda and said something about what a great rack but Jenny felt uncomfortable yet kind of funny...something stirred.

Soon the three were ready and on the way to the bar. The bar was full; they had a great band playing on a deck. Most of the league teams had returned. The night turned into a great night of good food, cold drinks and dancing. 

Jenny was not much of a drinker, a few beers and shots took its toll. She danced and had a great time. The guys loved it, she was like putty in their hands melting into them on slow songs and leaning on them at the bar. Soon it was closing time. Good thing it was Friday, no work on Saturday for this crew. 

Linda told Jackie and Jenny not to drive home, crash at her house. Be responsible. They both agreed. After arriving at Linda's, Jackie said a swim would be great. Linda agreed. Jenny giggled...she was gonna skinny dip. As they made their way to the pool deck, the sweet smell of reefer hit the air. Jackie had a joint and passed it to Linda, after a big toke, Linda passed it to Jenny. In the matter of minutes the cool pool water on their naked bodies felt like velvet. The pools jets felt soothing on Jenny's back, she dipped so the flow hit on her neck. Rolling her head, Jackie offered to see if her shoulder were tight, they were...Jenny moaned as Jackie worked on the muscle group. Linda came up behind Jackie and placed a hand on her shoulder. Jenny had her eyes closed, her senses immersed in Jackie's touch. Jackie stopped working on Jenny and turned to Linda. Jackie reached up and cupped Linda's breast. Linda reached out with both arms and pulled Jenny and Jackie into a tight circle. Jenny then opened her eyes; she could feel Jackie and Linda's flesh against hers. A pang inside her betrayed any thought of stopping. She could feel Linda and Jackie exploring her body. Linda's right arm pulled Jenny in a position that they kissed, the left hand cupped Jenny's naked crotch. Jackie had one hand on Linda's ass and the other on Jenny's. Jackie suggested they dry off and continue inside. They made their way to the pool steps. Jenny was scared but willing to explore her feelings.

They toweled off and found themselves on Linda's water bed. Jackie told Jenny to lay back and enjoy what was about to happen, Linda smirked. Both women went to work on Jenny, Jackie deeply kissing her and fondling her tits...Linda found a wet pussy, flowing with Jenny's young sweetness. Linda inserted one then two fingers...Jenny's ass lifted to allow better access. Linda then did a long deliberate lick, from Jenny's tight button of an asshole to her clit. Linda licked and finger fucked Jenny, bring her off quickly. Linda then pulled up, taking her breast and fucked Jenny with her nipple. Jenny's juices soaked Linda's tit. She brought it up to Jenny's lips and told her to suck. Jackie lay back on the bed; Linda took Jenny by her hair and told her to pleasure Jackie with her fingers and lips. Jenny had never ever done anything like this. Jackie began to instruct Jenny on how she wanted pleased. Once Jenny got her rhythm going, Jackie was almost there....Jackie grabbed Jenny's hair again, pulled her up and flipped over. She then ordered Jenny to tongue her ass...and be good at it. Both Jackie and Jenny moaned because Linda positioned herself for Jackie's hand to work on her pussy and Linda could play with Jenny, this time with a black dildo that slipped into Jenny easily. Linda made Jenny come hard with the toy. Linda told Jackie she needed some room on the bed; she needed to use Jenny so she could come. Jenny was ordered to lay back, Linda first straddled Jenny's pretty face and had Jenny eat her close to an orgasm; Linda then stood up, told Jen to spread her legs and lift the right one, Linda then slipped her own leg in between Jen's. Linda lowered her leg as she pulled Jenny to align their pussies. Linda began to grind her sopping pussy into Jenny's. They were pulled tightly together, once again Jackie offered Jen her pussy, Jenny licked Jackie and ground back against Linda, matching the rhythm.

The three women began to orgasm one after another. They soon were in a heap and fast asleep. The next morning, Jenny awoke to the smell of coffee. She was alone in bed. She got up and looked at herself. She had bruises and love bites on her body. Her pussy was still buzzing. She could smell pussy on her hands, face and in her hair. Jenny felt great

Where does she go from here...