 Alex walked in to the sports hall after practice, the rest of the team had already left for home and the coach, Mickey was still outside tidying up.

Alex is an average looking young woman, 19 years old and just starting her career, hoping to go to university in a few years time after gaining experience in the area of work she wants to go in to. She is about 5ft 4", olive skin which tans very easily, brown shoulder length hair, wild hazel eyes that sometimes; depending on the light look more green some days and look more brown on others! She isn't exactly thin but not obese neither; just has a few curves. She's a bit of a "rock chick" and dresses in loose fitting jeans which reveal the top of her female boxers, usually black and little vest tops which again show her cleavage off. 

Alex walked through to the changing rooms to get changed. The changing rooms still smelling of that typical damp smell of sweaty bodies after matches, she had told her Mickey to get some air fresheners to put in there, it was no place for women to sit and re-energise themselves half time or after games! As Alex slipped out of her top Mickey walked in behind her quietly.

"Alex?" Mickey said in her soft friendly voice, but still enough to startle Alex out of her day dream. Mickey was the coach of Alex's football team, she was only 25 herself but had qualified as a sport's teacher a couple of years back, and enjoyed coaching the women's football team in her spare time. Mickey is a little taller than Alex, around 5ft 7" with a more of an athletic body, not much of a chest and quite toned compared to Alex's curves! Mickey is also very tanned, with brown hair with copper- coloured highlights in, and a beautiful smile that make her soft blue eyes sparkle.

"Yeah?" Asks Alex a little embarrassed from jumping. Mickey notices Alex's embarrassment and smiles at her. 

"Here, sit down a minute!" Mickey gestures to the bench and they both sit down. Alex a little curious as to what Mickey wants to ask her.

"Are you OK?" Mickey asks. Alex nods. "Are you sure?" Alex nods again. "It's just that... you haven't been yourself lately, not only on the field whilst you're kicking that ball but the other girls have mentioned how you're not as happy and smiley as you usually are." Mickey's eye contact strong and fixing Alex to her amazing blue eyes.

Alex blushes a little as she smiles sweetly. "No, honestly I'm fine!" Alex looks down at the floor. Mickey's hand gently touches Alex's arm. 

"Listen Alex, I know there's something wrong or something bothering you. I can tell, you're not as happy as you are usually and you never speak to me like you did before, we used to be able to chat about anything!" Mickey lifts Alex's face back up by peering down and capturing her eye contact again, although this time Alex's eyes were watery, she bites her bottom lip nervously, desperate to hold back the tears. "Hey- come on!" Mickey squeezes Alex's arm encouragingly. "There's no need to cry! If you don't want to talk about whatever it is then it's OK, but I'd really like to help you Alex."

Alex sighs. "I erm..." She begins but the emotion becoming too strong for her and she starts to cry uncontrollably. Mickey grasps Alex and holds her tightly, Alex's body trembling in Mickey's arms, the tears fall freely down Alex's cheeks. 

"Shhh... It's ok hun! Let it all out." Mickey comforts Alex. "Come on, it's ok" Alex wipes her tears away as she sits back up. "Come on, it's obvious there is something the matter, it might help if you do talk about it... you might feel a lot better?" Mickey smiles encouragingly. 

Alex takes a deep breath. "I've got nowhere to go." She wipes away more tears "My parents have thrown me out of the house!"

"Oh dear" Mickey hugs Alex sympathetically. "May I ask what they threw you out for?" 

Alex blushes as she hears Mickey ask her this, "I...erm...I can't say!" Alex looks at the floor. 

"Come on, this is all confidential! I'm your friend as well as your coach Alex! I might be able to help you if you just let me?" Mickey persuades Alex.

Alex looking up again "I told them that I was erm...you know..." Nodding trying to get Mickey to understand what she is trying so desperately to say, Mickey shakes her head in confusion. Taking a deep breath, "I told them that I'm gay" Alex blurts out. "I know... kick me off the team, I know you'll want to. I'm just such a freak!" Alex begins to cry again.

"Oi...Alex!" Mickey raises her voice a little in an attempt to e heard over Alex's sobs. "I'm not going to kick you off the team, silly. Now come on! You can come and stay with me for a night or two until you sort all this out!" Alex looks surprised. "Honestly, it will be no problem whatsoever, you can stay in the spare room, I have a shower you can use and guess what, I have some wine as well! I think you... and I come to that both deserve a glass or two each!" Mickey giggles, Alex starts to smile.

"Only if you're sure... I don't want to make you g..." 

"Stop! This is my choice, you are coming to mine. It will be no problem for a few nights. So stop crying, we will talk about all this on the way home! Alright?" Alex nods. "Come on then, hurry up and get changed!"

In the car, Alex stares out of the passenger window. "So, how long have you been gay?" Mickey asks, "You don't have to tell me if you don't want to..."

"No it's ok. I've not been with another woman or anything like that, but I'm just attracted to females. I have been for a few years I guess but I've just tried to ignore it." Mickey nods. "My Mum said that she doesn't want to know me anymore. She threw my clothes out of the window and told me to go." Alex looks over at Mickey who is concentrating on the road. "I don't know if I could bare looking at her again after what she's done! I mean, I can't help how I feel...can I?" 

Mickey looks over as they pull up in her drive way. "Alex, no you can't. You need to be who you want to be! Whether that is gay, straight, bi, it's up to you! Your decision!" Alex nods. "I have a bit of a confession to make actually..." Alex looks over at Mickey again curious as to what it was. "I'm gay as well!" For the first time Alex saw Mickey blush just a bit! 

"You're gay?!" Exclaims Alex in surprise! Mickey nods. "Sorry, but I didn't think you would be...well..." Alex stutters in shock. 

Mickey giggles. "Oh come on Alex! Don't say you hadn't noticed that I was single for all the time you have known me! No mention of boyfriends or anything." Mickey raises and eyebrow as she gets out of the car and heads towards the house.

Alex follows her. "Well, yeah, but you know... I just didn't expect for you to be gay!" Both girls giggle as they step into the house.

Mickey leads them both to the living room, motioning to Alex to have a seat. Mickey heads for the kitchen and grabs two glasses and a bottle of wine. "Here, help your self hun!" Mickey hands a glass to Alex who pours out wine for herself and Mickey. 

"So, do you think you'll make it up with your parents?" Asks Mickey as she casually sits on the soft sofa next to Alex. Alex shrugs. "I'm sure they'll get used to the idea. My parents did in the end. Now they pester me to find a girlfriend instead of being single!" They both smile. With a cheeky smile still on Mickey's face she puts down her glass of wine and looks at Alex..."So have you got anybody in mind that you like at the moment?" Alex blushes. "Oh come on! We're both girls, share it!" Alex shakes her head. "Ok! Since you've gone all shy on me, shall I tell you mine?" 

Alex giggles, nervously biting her bottom lip. "Sure!"

Mickey's smile goes from her face and she looks into Alex's eyes again. "You." She says in a sort of whisper. 

"Me?!" Exclaims Alex. "You like me?" Her eyes wide in surprise.

Mickey giggles. "Yes, you Alex. I'd wondered if you were gay ever since I met you. There was that slight cute nervous unsure kind of feel to you." Mickey's hand placed on Alex's arm. I guess my 'gay-dar' was right then!" Both girls laugh. A moment of silence falls up on the two, awkwardness as they both sit there staring at each other. Alex unconsciously licks her lips and then bites on them in the cute nervous way that she does. Mickey leans in ever so slowly, the two girl's lips softly brush together a lingering but gentle kiss. Mickey pulls away, smiling waiting to see Alex reaction.

Alex smiles back, both of them so close she can feel Mickey's breath brush again her face. Mickey leans in again, this time Alex returns the kiss, it gets more passionate. Their mouths open slightly and their tongues meet. Alex letting out a soft moan as Mickey brushes her hair out of her face, tucking it gently behind Alex's ears. Mickey kisses her way down Alex's neck, around her shoulder blade, and then skilfully pulls off Alex's top. Mickey kisses Alex's chest and back up to her mouth. Stopping for a moment Mickey whispers "Follow me" and she starts to lead Alex to the bedroom. The bedroom was very tidy. A Chinese style floor bed in the middle, a wardrobe, some drawers and a few mirrors on the walls. Mickey lead Alex over to the bed, they both lay down and start kissing again, this time Mickey unhooks Alex's bra and her well formed 36d breasts fall out. Mickey gently massages them, and leads Alex's nervous hands down to undo her shirt. Alex's fumbling fingers unbutton Mickey's shirt and pushes it off of her shoulders. Alex glimpses down and sees Mickey's small but equally as attractive breasts in a black bra. Mickey kisses down to Alex's breasts and starts to suck on Alex's now hard nipples. Alex lets out little soft moans of pleasure; Mickey slowly pulls down Alex's loose jeans, and sits back to take in the view of the curvy young woman in her cute black female boxers. "Wow you look amazing babe!" Mickey says licking her lips. Mickey's hand reaches out and plays with the waist band of Alex's boxers "May I" She ask Alex's permission, smiling tentatively, Alex gives a shy but encouraging nod as Mickey goes on to pull down Alex's boxers. "Wow, amazing!" Mickey says grinning, Alex giggles. Mickey's hand slides down between Alex's legs and runs her index finger along the trimmed lips, she can feel Alex's wetness and heat as she slowly penetrates Alex. 

"Ohh Mickey" Alex moans as she starts to buck her hips. Mickey starts building up a rhythm as she inserts another finger. "Mmm Mickey..." Alex's moans fills the room and makes Mickey get so turned on herself. She slips out of her own clothes and straddles Alex, rubbing herself against Alex's thigh. "Mickey, you're wet!" Alex says naively. Mickey nods as she reaches into her drawer next to the bed, she pulls out a double ended vibrator. Alex's eyes widen as she sees it, the full size of what Mickey's about to use on her. 

"Is this OK hun?" Asks Mickey making sure Alex feels comfortable with it. Alex nods; although deep inside there was some nervousness still there. Mickey runs one end of the vibe against Alex's wet lips and slowly inserts it into her tight pussy. Alex gives a little yelp and moan as she feels it slowly slide deep inside her, stretching her pussy more and more. Mickey uses the vibrator on Alex for a few minutes, building up the juices before she straddles Alex and the vibe once again and starts to ride it. 

Both girls moan excitedly, watching each other's faces as their orgasms build up. Faster and deeper the vibe goes into both of them, the more they moan and groan with the pleasure. Both girls bucking their hips, Alex's hands now on Mickey's hips, keeping the steady rhythm going, their clits rubbing against the friction of all the action, they both yelp and moan until they cum hard, all over each other and the vibe. 

Mickey collapses on top of Alex, the vibe still inside them both. The two of them too much in pleasure to move they lay in each other's arms all night until they both drift off to sleep. 

Alex has never looked back after her first experience with Mickey, and in fact her first experience with another woman all together. They both enjoy each other's company still, Alex's parents are coming round to the idea that their daughter likes other women and Mickey's family are also happy that she has found someone who makes her happy!