 Jenna's hands ebb and flow over Veronica's body harshly, like the rough ocean tide sanding the edges of seashells. Under the armpit, down her hourglass till she finally reaches her waist, and begins to slide her hand underneath her blouse and inside her panties, she feels the familiar fabric they selected that morning. Whilst her hands shape the flesh below like hot glass, her pelvis grinds into Veronica's, playfully, like bumper cars at a jubilee. Their cotton-candy breath is humid like summer air; their mouths are as stuck as mustard on a tie at a county fair. 

No longer hesitant, Veronica's tongue begins to work in and out Jenna's mouth in a fashion as once done in another aperture. It slides across her teeth, like stones under bare feet in a babbling brook. They massage one another, and then anxious to give the other one a better massage, begin to wrestle. Their mouths envelop each other, clinging, sucking, almost biting to stay together. Neither wants to take a breath.

Asphyxiated, Jenna must break the kiss, but her tongue does not return to Veronica's waiting mouth. The pelvises continue to play tag, while Jenna's mouth trails around Veronica's cheek and neck. Her mouth spills kisses like a fountain. Lips intone places they would like to travel, whispering into the flesh beneath. Veronica's warm body is calling, begging to be roamed like the Great Plains. Jenna's hand slips inside the blouse, fondling her, and remarking to herself how the velvet skin strokes like meadow grass. Meanwhile, a pubic paroxysm persists in her panties. They are bunching. The friction between her thighs is obvious, only worsening as Jenna rubs them together, in a futile attempt to relieve some girlish tension.

Button by the button, the shirt is being opened, until Jenna comes to the last button. Finally, she must pull Veronica up from the desk and slide the shirt off. Next, Jenna gets to work with her pants, and they cascade down to her ankles. While Veronica steps out of the leg, Jenna pulls off the oversized sweatshirt, casting it in the pile of unwanted clothing. Finally, after the jeans join the heap of clothes, Jenna stops a second to take in Veronica, sitting in just her panties and bra on her desk. The sight of such a gorgeous woman, office clothes on the floor, so casual and alive in her office could not help but arouse her significantly. Veronica, blushing slightly, her palms pressed against the desk, lets a small smile appear on her face. Jenna pulls her pins out of her hair, and then shakes her head to let her locks frame her face. Her tousled hair bounces off her shoulders as she approaches Veronica as a fox does its prey: stealthily and surreptitiously. Just as she reaches directly in front of her woman, she stops and places her hand on her hip. 

"And now what are we to do?" she asks.

"You tell me," Veronica sighs. "After all, you, my dear, were the one to take off my clothes."

"I know..." Jenna's forwardness abates slightly. "I...you...." Her lips blossom. "You look so gorgeous sitting there."

"Gorgeous?"

"It is a striking image of you just sitting there."

"You should take a picture."

"No, I cannot say I want to interrupt our session." Jenna walks behind the desk at Veronica's back, pressing her lips just below her neck. As Veronica giggles, Jenna notices a beauty mark just at Veronica's left shoulder: a nut-brown, star-shaped stamp. Thrilled she noticed this upon exploring her body, Jenna silently beams and continues to kiss around her shoulder blade and down her vertebrae. She lightly brushes her fingertips against the skin, stopping to feel Veronica inhale and exhale. From left shoulder to lumbar region, the kisses are administered, till Jenna's lips come to the panty-border line. She stops for a minute to take out her visa. 

Coming out from behind the desk, Jenna walks around again to face Veronica, with a newfound calmness. Jenna, not knowing how to proceed next, fidgets a bit, waiting for some sort of direction from her lover. She rubs her cheek on her shoulder and tosses her hair once more to get it out of her eyes. Finally, she rests her hands on Veronica's knees, bending down to rest her head just below Veronica's chin.

Unspoken language at this point could not do the trick. Both women begin to breathe in an anxious rhythm, syncopated somewhat, going a bit faster than the other in hopes the other would notice and make some sort of advance. Still, none moves to break the embrace. Veronica's hands come off the desk and wrap around Jenna's body, pulling her even tighter inward. 

"Nervous, honey?" she soothes.

"Slightly....I don't know what to do."

"You're doing fine, honey...what happened to the vigor of a few minutes ago? The former tiger now has regressed back to a kitten, curling herself into my chest."

"I don't want to mess up."

"You can't. There's no wrong answer...only several different right ones."

The pet nuzzles her nose into her mistress deeper. "But I should do something different than how you want it, you'd tell me?"

"No one is here to judge you." Her firm, reassuring hands pat Jenna's back. "We both know what you want, as you said."

"I know what I want."

"Yes, honey. And what is that?"

"I want to make love to you."

Veronica's heart thumps like an overzealous timpani player banging at the climax of an opus. "Nothing is stopping you. Is there?"

"Nothing is stopping me." Jenna's hands knead the thighs below, desperately clamping as a dike to contain the raging fervor fomenting between, like sea foam. Thighs cling, but at last cannot tolerate the subtle stroking. Her fingers slide back and forth, moving slightly inward, but then, greeted with cowardice, slide back out to a friendlier pat. 

Veronica, realizing she must make a first move before she implodes, pushes Jenna away from her for a second. Eyes closed, she languorously leans in to Jenna's mouth to blow a small amount of angel dust. Her hands, as if self-guided, find the clasp of Jenna's bra and pull it off. "You want to make love?"

"Yes."

"Then, take me."

Still clumsy, but mostly-refined grabs tug off Veronica's bra, unveiling mountainous breasts, as the teacher reclines mostly nude, proudly posing for her beloved. Her eyes glimmer with lust, misty as the cape in the morning. They ask for a time, for a departure. Intercepting this query, Jenna replies, "Then, I will." 

Grabbing Veronica's hand, Jenna kisses it, kisses up the arm, until she stops to do what she had first intended to do, which is to pull Veronica off the desk. Now off the desk, standing in front of Jenna in her underwear, her hands automatically move to cover her chest. Jenna pulls her arms away and pushes them so that they fall to her sides. After scrutinizing her lover's waiting, wanting figure, her own hands find the grooves of where Veronica's had just been, squeezing and adoring the flesh of her bosom. Nipples call out and stand to attention, respecting the officer and fixing their posture so they are just a little bit taller. Jenna's fingers find the nipples, and she rolls them between her forefinger and thumb like blessing dice before a roulette game. Tenderly, and then maybe not so tenderly, her massage gets a bit rougher, pulling the nipples so that they are stretching away from the areola. The coral-colored nipple darkens like a stormy sky, a harbinger of the lust that must surely follow. Then, her mouth, her sweet little mouth must taste these nipples, must lower onto this chest. Her lips are drawn to the breasts magnetically, with such concentration and focus that no other area of the body is even in her immediate thought. After an eternity, her head reaches the chest, her lips find the nipple, and begin to suck on it, like a child, as Veronica offers more and more of her breast, trying to feed her love the best way that she knows how. Veronica cups her breast and lifts it up into Jenna's mouth, and with her other hands, brushes Jenna's hair, encouraging her to open up just a little bit more and take a bigger sample. 

Her jaw must expand to take in the breast, as she amazes herself by opening wider and wider than she ever did at a doctor's appointment. Say ahhh, and mmmm, and open wide, just a bit wider, to accommodate just a little more, sweetie pie. Veronica is gentle and not too over-eager, despite her creeping concupiscence, easing the breast in and trying not to rush the inexperienced. When Jenna has taken in all she can handle, her head begins to bob up and down, as she slides it in and out of her mouth, slowly. Meanwhile, her other hand twists and tantalizes the other swollen, parched nipple. Feeling a bit guilty for this sister, Jenna forces herself to take the breast out of her mouth and make her way over to the other one. This time, she is the one to lift the breast above her chin and glide it into her mouth. Her mouth slides out to the zenith of the breast, gently biting the rubbery nipple. Veronica, moans, teased by Jenna's largess of tongue-action, but even more tantalized by the scant amount in other, more critical areas. 

The aerobic activity continues south, down over the slope of Veronica's tummy, just to her panty line, on the other side of the border. Visa now in hand, Jenna is ready to go through customs, be searched and seized, and maybe do a little of both herself. Those teeth that have a penchant for nipple-biting seize the panty waistband, and begin the search. Jenna kneels before Veronica, panties in teeth, peeling off her dewy body. They stubbornly stick, but are no match for her incisors. Down they go, along with Jenna's head, until she is absolutely certain they are out of the picture. Then, grimacing and glistening, Veronica's labia lobbies, redolent of a faint magnolia. The incense evanesces, drawing Jenna's nose closer and closer, wanting to recapture the slight scent. 

Her head eases between the legs, as Veronica involuntary spreads them, her sweet love juice pouring out. Jenna's taste buds awaken, surged by the pending flavor that had been denied the night before. Grazing the top of her mound with her nose, Jenna then makes her descent to the land down under. Lips skid, slowing down from time to time, cautious of speed bumps. Then, finding the fork in the road, lick long strokes downward. Veronica can only moan, taking a step back so as to brace herself against her desk. Her legs quiver like a young virgin at the drive-in, and her head does one last check to make sure the door is latched, before completely giving into this adulterated ardor. 

Long, loving licks from stem to stern, giving a very thorough investigation and much needed spring cleaning, take less and less intermission. Feverishly, Jenna works her tongue up and down Veronica's pussy, like a mother cat licking her young kitten, cleaning all the crevices. Veronica purrs, grabbing, once again, her desk for support, as she looks down at her feline cleaning her cunt. Her young, soft though weathered fingers, part lips like curtains in the morning, to reveal her luminosity. The throbbing of her poor, neglected pussy is felt feet away, almost reverberating off the walls, so that Jenna can feel the pulsations. 

Her tongue pushes its way into Veronica's restless pussy, first knocking on the door to announce its arrival, making circle around the entrance, playing with the poor lady, increasingly squeezing the edge of her desk harder and harder. Then, Jenna is ready for her first taste of a woman. She moves her head in closer, scooting so that her body is adjacent to Veronica's, and sharpens her position and plan of attack. Veronica's lips are pulled further apart, as Jenna gives a quick little kiss to her clit who is wide awake after a short slumber. Jenna plunges her tongue inside Veronica's twat, immediately met by reserves of wetness, coating her tongue, as her tongue works as a dam, pushing the hot gooeyness back up into the tunnel, and works around a little. 

Jenna marvels at the bumps, grooves, nooks, crannies, gaps and soft spots that her tongue encounters on its odyssey. Every time she feels something unique, she has to go back to it and feel it just once more, memorizing the new sensation. Veronica is arching her back like a cat in heat, now digging her claws into the wood. Meanwhile, Jenna realizes she could not have gotten enough of that clit, and her finger wanders back up to find it. The clit is swollen like a marble, begging to be rolled and played with. She grasps the pearl, rubbing it vigorously, paying little attention to Veronica: "Ahhh, I can't take it anymore." 

Pinching her clit, rolling it consumes her right hand as her left slides between Veronica's bottom and the edge of the desk. Her hand begins to grab her globes, squeezing, in an attempt to get closer and closer. She applies this to her face, pushing it even more into Veronica's pussy, her juices spilling all over, running out of the corners of her mouth to her cheeks and creating a shine on her chin. As her tongue works in and out, slowly, her nose hits the nub, as it continues to buzz under the contact of her fingertips. Stiff, her tongue stabs in and out of Veronica's twat, in short expenditures, but frequent. Every once in a while, the tongue licks up and back, running over sponge, and feeling another rush of liquid, while Veronica's body only increases to tense up. 

A series of pops, short breaths, squeals and huffing, Veronica must remove her hands from bracing her on the desk. As she does this, her body uncontrollably shakes, as Jenna continues to ravage her pulsating cunt, screaming out for more and more attention. At this point, Jenna's finger slides in that hot pussy along with her tongue, both working in and out. 

Veronica's hands find Jenna's head, first running through her hair, cooing and thanking her for such a present. Then, they become a little more impatient. Veronica moves back slightly more so that she is half-sitting on her desk and is able to spread her legs more easily, dragging young Jenna along with her, scuffling on the carpet, tongue still in Veronica's orifice. 

Jenna's finger inside Veronica tickles, running lightly across the skin like a stranger admiring a grand piano. With a trill, and a quick flourish deeper, Veronica gasps, grabbing her lover's head in her hands and forcing it still deeper inside of her, wanting that tongue to fuse with her insides, or perhaps melt into the scalding depths. Sticky finger, and then fingers, move in and out, working with tongue, rowing back and forth, deeper and deeper, until at last they retreat back to shore. 

Veronica's hands find their way back to her erect nipples, pulling, twisting and tweaking, crying out, whimpering and wanting either an immediate end or resolution. The room is warm, warmer than she remembered. Her legs spread open farther yet, Jenna's tongue moves in farther yet, until her nose is smashed against Veronica's vibrating nub and fingers smash in and out, as the cunt grabs her tighter and tighter. 

Slamming and beating, to the point of pain, tears mixing with little beads of sweat, there it comes, she comes, oozing and oozing, seeping, while Jenna opens her mouth to catch every drop of this sweet nectar. After sucking like a straw, she reinserts her tongue again, to lick all sides of the honey pot, and not leave Veronica's domicile in shambles. The tongue soothes to the pulse of "yes" and "oh" and even "ohm." 

Trying to catch her breath, Veronica re-grabs her desk, steadying herself and slowing her breathing so that she does not hyperventilate. Jenna, now exhausted, crumples into a pile at Veronica's feet, face coated in cum, with no consolation other than to kiss Veronica's toes and massage her still quivering foot.