 Sitting on the bed I was watching you at the dressing table as you sat carefully painting your nails. In the low light of the evening the only light you had was the small table lamp beside you, it cast a warm inviting glow across the bed. The reflection of you in the mirror enhanced your gorgeous, loving beauty, and it was that reflection of you, that image of you which was holding my attention, I have to say, in more than one way!

I lay back, settling into the nest of pillows, and as I did so you looked back at me through the mirror's reflection... Holding your look, I opened the front of my negligee, exposing my naked body to your view; you started to turn but I whispered "No... Stay there my love", and smilingly, I began to move my hands over my breasts, "I just want you to watch..." You pouted back at me through the reflection but I could see the thoughts rushing through your mind were thoughts of excitement and interest as you rested back into the chair.

Still watching you, my hands were caressing my breasts; fingers began to circle around the dark areolar circles of love around my nipples. Moving my right middle finger to my open mouth, I wet its tip with my tongue and then slowly ran it over the tip of my nipple. I could tell you were getting excited because your hands were running up and down your thighs, but your eyes were taking in every nuance of movement before you as I continued with my selfish pleasures; your responses were electrifying, exciting me now more than ever!

Both of my hands were engaged one on each breast. My fingers molding my tits and then again to my nipples, once again I licked my finger wetting the surface of my nipples. You moved to stand but again I said "NO!"... "Not yet Baby!" As you slowly sank back into the chair you blew me a kiss. A kiss I caught and massaged into over my tits.

My pussy was glowing, I could feel the rising wetness of my pussy lips, and now, legs wide open, totally exposed to your view I moved my hands down. As I stroked over my navel I momentarily paused to circle it with my middle finger before continuing down to the upper regions of my thighs, there to delicately stroke my fingers up and down the angle, of my groins... My fingers approaching but never actually touching my pussy lips!

The look on your face was hypnotic to me, I wanted to have you come to me, to kiss me passionately and then to run your tongue into my wetness, but I was not going to... I wanted to perform before you, I wanted to show you the effect that you had on my body; to show you the way I masturbate with images of you filling my mind, and if I were to let you come to me now, it would take away the need, the desire I held to bring myself off in front of you! I forced myself to resist!

Pouting my lips to send you a kiss across the room, I glanced down at myself, knowing that this would direct your eyes once again to my pussy... As I lay back into the pillows, my fingers moved ever closer to my wetness. Eyes closed, I lifted my knees up and then open as I began to stroke over the folds of my pussy lips. Flashing a look to you, I was elated to see the stare in your eyes, the look of lust on your face as you traced the movement of my fingers across my pussy.

With the fingers of both hands I began to caress a little deeper, fingers edged between my oh so fucking wet lips... As slowly, as provocatively as I could manage I opened my lips to expose the soft inner pinkness, to present before you the wanting hole of my cunt... "Mmmmmmm" I murmured, as I looked directly into your eyes. You smiled, a nervous smile of love on your face as your eyes once again returned to watch me fingering my pussy!

Pussy juices just flowed across me, their odour sexily filling the atmosphere of the room, odours which I hoped were reaching you and hopefully exciting you even more than was eminently obvious. Your hands were kneading along the fronts of your thighs and at one point you moved your hands to touch yourself! I playfully admonished you... "No my Darling, you must not do thatttttt, you're here to watch baby, touch again and I shall have to punish you later... LOL". You stopped, but I knew you didn't want to... Oh, I knew what you wanted, but you would have to wait! Oh yes, I knew I had your full attention.

Reaching for my vibrator, I began to pleasure my pussy. My knees rose and fell to the bed as I moved that wonderful vibrating Rabbit head up and down my slit, finally moving up and solely pleasuring my clit! "Oh Fuck" I expressed the words openly, loudly, as I sank into the oblivion of rising orgasm... Again I screamed it out, "Oh FUCK, my pussy, fuck my pussy!" Sensations filled every corner of my cunt; every corner of my pelvis, my body tingled!

Mouth wide open, I suddenly looked to you... Your face glowed red with excitement; you could hold off not a moment longer... Your legs were wide; your fingers fucking in and out of your own pussy, and in an instant, our eyes met...

You almost leapt from the chair, stripping your negligee from your body as you fell between my legs, between my thighs, and pulling the vibe away from my cunt your mouth fell wide upon me, engorging my clit into your mouth, your tongue in a feeding frenzy of lust as I exploded my orgasm into your mouth! Cunt juice washed over your entire face, your hands beneath my arse squeezed into my buttocks... Your mouth was relentless as my arse lifted from the surface of the bed; again and again your tongue buried itself into my fucking cunt, pushing hard back at you, wanting you deep within me...

Again and again your tongue flashed over and over my clit and in that instant you again drove your fingers deep within my cunt. Your tongue lunged against me as your mouth sucked onto my labial lips before once again concentrating on my clit. Oh lover, it was happening again; once again I experienced a further orgasm crashing through my whole body, an orgasm that seemed to flow throughout my entire being, focusing itself down my spine, swelling though my pelvis and then concentrating itself through my clit, out of my cunt and into the loving attentions of your mouth! Never has an orgasmic experience been so stunningly overwhelming... My legs tingled and shook! My hands were grasping your hair, I was insatiable as I pulled you to me...

Now, in this very moment, as my entire body glowed in that ultimate release, my mind filled with one overwhelming thought... 

"Oh Lover, am I ever going to Scissor You! I am going to FUCK your brains out!"