 Every character in this story is over the age of 18. Any resemblance to anyone is coincidental and probably just means you are kind of a generic person. 

-----------------

I hear a lot of people wishing they could understand what was going on inside other people's minds. You hear it all the time "Oh I just don't know what they are thinking. I can't comprehend it!" It's a unanimous problem, partners, friends, co-workers, bosses, random people you meet on the street. Any situation that occurs between two people has a chance of one not knowing what the other is thinking. 

Well except me. I guess it isn't really a unanimous problem if I am the exception. It's an almost unanimous problem to not know what others are thinking. I'm the exception to that rule due to the fact that I have, there really only is one word for it, telepathy.

Yep. I'm Ally the eighteen-year-old telepathic sixth form student. How's that for an introduction ha!

Greek tele for "distance" and pathos for "feeling" or, more accurately for me, "experience". Tele plus pathos, telepathy. Got to love etymology. In layman's terms, I can feel what others feel. Hear what others think. Know what others know. I can experience people's present alongside them. I have no need to worry about what people might be thinking, because I know, for certain. If I'm paying attention of course.

It doesn't work selectively. I don't choose someone and peek inside their mind. It's like being at a crowded party with lots of conversations happening simultaneously. I can focus on someone sure. But often there are an awful lot of voices. I have certainly gotten better at drowning some of them out and my headaches have calmed down significantly, but I still get a flood of thoughts whenever others are near.

I guess that is what caused my current predicament. The mass acceptance of hundreds of thoughts, images and ideas into my head every day of my life had some...side effects. I'm not really certain at what age I understood what was happening. What ability I possessed. But I figured out some of the full implications of my power upon myself in my teenage years and the effects have grown ever since. The effects became more apparent until now, at the age of eighteen, I understand the full implications of what it's done to me. The long and short of it is that it has made me insanely horny.

Yeah yeah, I know. Horny? Are you kidding? You have the ability to read people's minds. I thought this was about you becoming a superhero. Well I have news for you buddy. Life ain't that simple.

There are others out there. I'm pretty sure. If it has happened to me and I have no reason why, then it is just something that is happening. I didn't fall into any toxic waste or get bitten by any creature. What creature would give telepathy anyway? Ant or bee queens maybe? They have the whole hive mind thing going on right? That is to do with pheromones as far as I know so maybe I have something like that. Maybe I pick up on pheromones or electrical signals? Sorry, I'm getting distracted. Since I didn't have any specific thing that caused it and as far as I know I have had it my entire life, this ability, this power, I can only imagine it is genetic. Maybe I'm the first and it will only be my children that have powers, or maybe it'll start happening the world over, there are some stories already out there. People lifting cars off people or going into burning buildings are nothing unusual. Heroic, but normal. Recently though, there are an awful lot of them occurring with people my age. Who knows where it will go. All I know is, compared to whatever they have, telepathy isn't the best superpower to fight crime. I can see it coming maybe. If I'm there. But stopping it? Saving lives? I'm learning self defence and martial arts but I still don't think I can Kung Fu bank robbers even if I can spot them before they draw their guns.

Besides who goes into banks these days. All about that internet banking life!

So, where was I? Oh yeah, I'm really horny. No, come on, okay I'm not the best at phrasing things I know. The issue is I get everyone's thoughts. Constantly. Always. Every one of them bombarding me from every angle. 

Puberty-was-a-nightmare! 

Everyone's sexual awakenings all happening around me. Can you imagine! Every fantasy or memory of a sexual encounter anyone had was thrust upon me and lodged inside my brain. Do you know what it feels like to be sitting eating lunch with your friends on a bench outside and suddenly have like eight or nine sexual fantasies about us having a foursome dumped on you? Yeah, I'm looking at you, boys going to play football. Try to focus on your lunch time activities just a bit, would you? It's freaking hard to keep your legs together when your mind is immersed in images of your legs spread very wide for your best friend to dive in and bury her mouth into. Try drinking while your mind is swarmed with images of your lips and tongue wrapped around something that is definitely not a bottle.

And the sleepover/ pillow fight fantasies. They were everywhere. You mention to someone that you are having a sleep over and it's open season. I mean what is it with that fantasy? I chuckle to myself every time I get given a new wild idea of how guys attempt to get from me and my friends chilling out listening to music, to us removing our pj's and having positively rambunctious, lesbian orgies. I've had everything from the classic spilling water - "oh no I need to change now", to play fighting that gets hot and heavy (pillow fights are frequent of course). Tickling can be a rather cute one to start the fantasy, although there is a certain difference between tickling and shoving two digits into a tight hole. I even had one fantasy from this boy, Jake I think it was, who just imagined my friend Rosy falling and reaching out and oops, Kate's pj bottoms are just pulled directly down. 

Of course, Kate was pulled down by the force and settled her puffy pussy directly onto Rosy's cute little face. It was great. Like the girl was falling forwards, flat onto her face five seconds ago. How is she on her back now, with her face up for Kate's pussy to neatly come to a rest on? Come on Jake. Put some effort into physics in your fantasies. You might not care but I have to watch them! Make 'em worth my time. Not to mention make them linger. There is nothing worse than a short fantasy that isn't your own. Enough to turn you on. Likely not specifically targeted at your tastes enough to properly get you there. Especially if you aren't anywhere you can covertly play. Regardless of the funny, unbelievable that get me and my friends into sexual situations in these fantasies, the parts that tend to follow, well, they are less funny to me, more... hot. As I said before. My power definitely has some impact on me. 

I'm not certain if I would still be bisexual without my powers. Maybe I was already bisexual and my power didn't change anything, but I would find it hard to believe that there was any possibility I would stay fixed on one gender after being inundated with sexual thoughts for everyone I knew. Both genders. 24/7 - okay maybe just mostly 9-3... on school days - shut up. Point is, their discovery of masturbation, sex, their deepest kinks and fantasies, I was privy to it all. Even more so, I felt it. 

People reliving their first times around me. Sorry, that now means I was there too. Super insecure about your first time masturbating last night with a toothbrush and not sure which end you should have used? Don't worry hun, I'm right there with you now. But yeah, use the other end. Or better yet get an electric toothbrush girl. Yeah, if I need to play with myself, I have plenty to draw from.

It has led to awkward circumstances for me sure. As much as the usual fantasy sleepover doesn't happen, at least not for me. I have more than once been forced to lay awake experiencing a friend pleasure themselves to orgasm.

Just last week it happened while I stayed over at Jen's house. Jenny has been attending my school since I joined and while not too close in our first year, we soon became thick as thieves. Her, Kate and Rosy make up my usual circle of friends and I love those girls. They are wonderful people and beautiful to boot. Which as I have mentioned makes hanging out with them around others a struggle as I am able to watch every sexual advance on them inside people's minds. However, despite what people might think, those incredible girls give out just as much as they get. They are the creators of sexual fantasies almost as much as they are the subjects. 

-----------------

I lay on my back in Jen's bed with Jen by my side. The two of us easily had enough space to move around in her queen-sized double bed but Jen had managed to snuggle into my side as she slept all the same. Her red hair splayed out behind her as her arms were tucked up into her chest, mirroring her legs. Facing towards me she had placed her head half resting on the pillow, half kissing my bare shoulder. This was not especially unusual, I was used to Jen being physically close to her friends and to me, but I knew she would likely not stay that way. She tended to move around a lot while she slept. Kate and Rosy lay on the floor at the foot of the bed in the two sleeping bags they had brought. 

It had been a fun night. Lots of chatting and gossiping, a bit of drinking and a bit of surfing the TV watching silly gameshows. Rosy as usual drank too much despite it being only a casual meet up and was very tipsy after only an hour. She was the first one to fall asleep and was currently snoring in her little pink pyjamas. We had just about managed to get her to dress herself in the bathroom before she was dead to the world and sighing gently. Rosy had slipped into her white strappy camisole and sleeping shorts and following that Jen and I decided to also switch into our sleepwear and continue our conversations in bed. Although I have seen Jens firm, toned and athletic body many times before and Kate's slightly smaller but smooth frame, it is always a joy to compare the realities of their bodies to the many fantasies of them I have been subjected to. I'm one of very few that know for sure that Jen has her little landing strip and Kate has her little bush. I did get a few flashes of comparison from Jen's mind as she looked at my breasts. Despite how athletic she is, and how proud of her body I know her to be, her breasts have always been a point of insecurity for her. As she went to pull her t-shirt over her head I snuck in a grasp of her boobs underneath her shirt.

"Gotcha! Look at these adorable little puppies. I'll never stop loving them. Jiggle girls, jiggle!" I said bouncing them in my hands and preventing her from pulling down her top.

Jen screamed and giggled in response. I don't often pay her back for her surprise groping of my breasts but when I do it always seems to lighten her mood. Looking at her I could just about see the different emotional glows. Faint rays of yellow light, small sunbeams streaming from her head that signified happiness and I could feel the warmth of her own blush spreading across the inside of my cheeks despite not being able to see her head with her top trapped above her neck along with her struggling hands. I couldn't stop my hands from giving her nipples a little quick pinch on the way out and felt an entirely different warmth bubble across my stomach. The heat from my own emotions were combining with hers. She giggled and swatted at me as she struggled to get her top back into position and stood in her shirt and knickers looking at me flushed and mock annoyed, the hint of comparison with my breasts returned but ahead of those thoughts I could see the flashes of playful squeezing of my own breasts reflect through her eyes into my mind.

She lunged at me, fingers darting to poke at me through my button-up cotton nightshirt as I, forewarned of the dastardly attack, covered my chest with my hands squealing with laughter. I spun and twisted in a feeble attempt to dodge her strikes and caught many terrible blows to my stomach and breasts. 

When we ceased our climatic battle of the boobs and paused to catch our breath, I caught a few images I hadn't seen from Jen. They were tinged less with playfulness and retaliation and more with something different. Thoughts and feelings aren't always easy to decipher. I can feel them certain times and intrinsically know them. I can see thoughts like a video, a person's imagination played out in front of me, and some emotions are portrayed like an overlay in the real world. Sun beams and flames. The imagined manifestation of people's emotions. However, sometimes, it isn't that simple. I saw flashes. Flashes of skin. Well not exactly. There was a feeling accompanying the flashes. A feeling that made the choice of vocabulary very specific. The images I saw were of flesh. Flesh was the word. Smooth, squidgy, desirable. Sensual. It wasn't something someone simply wanted to see. It was pieces of bodies, mine and Jen's I realised, that someone wanted to grasp, to hold, to squeeze and manipulate. 

Kate is good at hiding her emotions. Her face was all smiles. A friend enjoying her other friend's playfulness. No one normal would see past her. That kinda mask doesn't work on me. I saw it inside of her. I felt the shivers that ran through her body as she and I watched the images of what could have been. Where our innocent game could have gone. Entirely new sensations were running through my friend. New to me at the very least. I had not sensed the heat that ran through her blood before, never while looking at us. But there it was. Coursing through her veins was burning desire, her heart's rapid pace matching the rapidity that erotic images flicked through her mind. The shower behind us. Bent over the bathtub. I was perched on the sink. On the bed. The thoughts were flooding through my mind it took me a moment to register that I had actually returned to Jen's bedroom. 

"You okay?" Jen's eyebrows were slightly curled as she watched me follow her in a daze.

I shook my head. "Sorry, bit out of it for a second. Lost in my own head."

"Well that is classic you. Can't keep your brain in the same room without putting bars on the windows."

"This brain needs to be free. It needs air." I said clambering onto Jen's bed. The sleeping arrangements having already been decided by a long tradition.

"Brain not the only thing that needs air? Jeez girl. I know I've seen it before but you being a bit freer than normal? You really are a bit out of it." Jen laughed swatting me on my bare behind while trying to keep her eyes off me. 

"Ah! Ow. Oh shit sorry, yeah. Didn't realise. God I really am out of it aren't I." I replied quickly realised my knickers were still in my hand from where I had been mid changing. As I slipped them on another image flicked through my mind like a lightning bolt. It appeared and disappeared quickly but the image burn of a neat set of pussy lips remained in my mind. My pussy. The rest of the image, the bed, the room, even my legs were all blurred but I recognised the position I had just been in. 

Liquid. Wetness. A wet pussy. Fingers were sliding in and out and a tongue was hungrily lapping it all up. I couldn't tell if these thoughts were applying to Kate herself or Kate's vision of me but I knew one thing for damn certain. My friend was getting sexually excited over my body. She was hella turned on. 

I managed to return to normal as our conversation continued when we were settled into bed. With Jen's many locks of curly red hair interlocking with my blonde mane and her legs pressed against my side our conversations naturally gave way to a comfortable quiet. With her snuggled into me I felt myself gradually drifting off to sleep.

-----------------

I woke to nails drawing lines along my legs. I could tell from the lingering feeling of broken skin that they had traced lines from above my knee and had widened their grip to clutch my left thigh desperately. The touch gradually progressed from simple pressure into light pain as the nails pressed into my leg. 

I had managed to shift my sleepiness and jerked my hand down to my leg. Nothing. I felt nothing there. No hand. No digging in nails. And at the same time, it was all there, along with something else. There was another hand on me. A hand that had currently paused between my legs. I began to understand.

I concentrated on the sensations without moving. I saw a purple glow ripple off the walls below the foot of the bed. I could not see what was shining on them but I could see how the purple light played on the edges of the room like the way walls in an aquarium flicker and shift with the water. 

Purple. Sexual pleasure. That is how it appeared to me. Sometimes I saw people's eyes turn purple when they looked at someone, sometimes they glowed faintly purple. Here in Jen's room, purple light was being thrown across all the walls. I felt the presence of the hands that were on me still and knew that what I was feeling was one of my friend's hand, laying upon their own body. They had paused when I had jerked, obviously afraid of being caught. I saw flashes like a movie of my head popping over the foot of the bed and staring at what was happening just out of my own view. I saw surprise turn into hunger in the imagined eyes of my friend's fantasy.

Ever so slowly, the hand between my legs resumed its actions that it had been conducting before I had awoken. Well not my legs obviously. I was just experiencing the pleasure one of my friends was granting herself. Jen was sleeping peacefully beside me, her legs splayed out and facing away. I could just about make out Rosy's dark brown hair covering her face with both arms sticking out of her sleeping bag. The purple light shone upon her sleeping bag but I was certain she was not the source of the pleasure induced light. 

I suppose I shouldn't have been surprised it was Kate. I had experienced her excitement earlier in the day and neither Rosy or Jen were in a position to be playing with themselves. I wouldn't have needed telepathy to tell if the girl beside me was playing with herself and while I'm sure Rosy would not be above some drunken horniness both her hands did seem in a "safe" position. My mind briefly flicked to the idea that perhaps Kate was between Rosy's legs right now. My body surprisingly lurched at the thought and the pleasure between my legs increased as the fingers increase their speed on my clit. I had to fight to hold in a groan. Kate had obviously had sexual thoughts that had sped up her playing. I attempted to focus in on her mind once again. My eyes unfocused and I relaxed my muscles. I felt myself lessen focus on my own body and instead experience life through Kate's own perception. Her racing neurons would link to mine. Her nerves were sending lightning bolts through her body and I would follow every one of them.

I examined the sight I had become a part of. For a few moments I was distantly aware of my own body on Jen's bed. My hands curled and clenching the duvet and bed sheet. My dampening knickers. My button up sleep top rising and falling with my quiet breaths. I was distantly aware of my body.

I was more distinctly aware of my position on the floor. Inside a sleeping bag. My right hand had delved into my sleep shorts long ago. The cotton I was sure was already damp as two of my fingers gently but quickly rubbed my clit but I hadn't dared pull my shorts all the way off. Just in case. Just in case I was seen... Just in case I was watched. My other hand was squeezing my left breast and running a finger over my nipple. 

These two positions my body had fallen did not occupy the foremost of my thoughts however. All sensations in my body were centred on the scene I was involved in. On my front in that same sleeping bag. My hands were not upon myself but clutching at legs. Rosy's legs. The very awake and not at all drunk Rosy clutched at my head and dug her fingers into my hair to lock them in place. I was not escaping from my position between her legs. Oh that's right. I was between Rosy's legs. My tongue was flicking back and forth across her cute and engorged clit. Her pussy lips were pussy and seeping liquid and I dipped my tongue in the valley between them to taste it. It was sweet. Delicious. I could feel her eyes on me as I licked on my best friend. Ally sat on up on her knees. Her fingers working hard at her pussy, thrusting in and out while her eyes were glued upon us. Soon. Soon I was...soon we were all going to.
