  Thank you for checking out my story. This is a direct continuation from Chapter 1 of this story so do read it if you haven't done so already. Thank you to everyone who did read it and provided feedback. I've been able to clarify my ideas on where I would like this story to progress to. Sit back, relax, and enjoy a return to Ally's world. 

 All characters are over the age of 18. The characters and events present are created from my own overactive imagination and any resemblance to anyone is possibly because your personality has inspired me. Yes, your personality. Right there. Hi. I find the way your brain works... noteworthy. 

-----------------

So yeah...at this stage you've probably gotten a bit of an idea how this ability can go from a slight inconvenience to an utterly overwhelming all-consuming monster of a power. I mean like it can be super useful at times but being forced to experience multiple orgasms simultaneously without any physical touch because your friend is enjoying herself. I think the phrase "blessing and curse" definitely applies to situations like this. Sexual hunger isn't even the only emotion I get overwhelmed by. I ride the waves of emotion around me, exam stress, end of year freedom, communal fear or sadness. They flow through me like I'm the lightning rod.

I think that is part of how I've become the person I am today. The experiences we have shape us all. If you start enjoying a certain sport for some reason, the feelings associated with it become a part of you even when you aren't doing that sport. Enjoy reading fiction as a child? The desire to escape into worlds all of your own will always remain. That's how is has been for my telepathy. Just a facet of my personality. It's ironic I suppose. I'm a person who can see people's internal thoughts and feelings and that connection means I wear all my own emotions and opinions outwardly. I go with the flow that surrounds me because I'm absolutely in tune with it. Like playing an instrument in time with an entire orchestra without even seeing the sheet music.

People tend to say I relax them. People are drawn to me. I hear them all the time. "You just seem so easy to chat to. It doesn't matter what you say, you seem to know the best way to say it." The most frequent occurrence in my life is understanding everyone around me. I guess after this long being informed on what others are thinking and feeling it is only natural that I pick up on the subtle cues that people give off even without my power telling me. People feel comfortable talking to someone who they don't need hide anything from. It's relaxing. I understand that. I just wish I could be completely honest with someone. 

Even with my family I can't tell them about my telepathy. I don't know what would happen. I don't know if there is some government organisation out there hunting us or anything that typical of a comic book story but I'm aware the witch trials happened. They didn't even have special powers. While I'm sure we have grown as a society since then, I'm also sure we haven't grown that much when it comes to accepting things that are different. It is better if no one knows. Safer. It does lead to a lot of information withheld though. I must be careful with my words. Jen is one of the few people I feel truly never like I'm not walking on eggshells with. If I am everyone else's calming presence, then she is mine. It's not that she knows everything and there is no reason hiding things. For Jen I am grateful for how easily she accepts everything. She isn't gullible or naive. She just accepts the truth behind everything said and doesn't inquire further into any half-truths you tell. If she recognises I'm not telling her everything, she doesn't feel betrayed or lied to, she just realises there is a reason for it. It's comforting to be trusted.

I do wonder how long I will have to keep the secret of my abilities. How long will I have to rely on people not inquiring too deep to feel trusted? Can I live a normal life using my other skills and never reveal that hidden part of me? I quite like English and Physics. I like seeing how things work. The mechanics of both language and of the universe. I'm not sure where that would send me though. I haven't got a plan for after school and as much as my telepathy has become a large part of me it won't really pay any bills. Not unless I go down some kind of manipulative path that just really isn't what I want. 

I'm sure that I could. If I wanted to. Sniff out the weak and vulnerable parts of people. Pray on them for my own gain. Tactical usage of my powers for selfish gain. But that is just the same as being strong and bullying someone or sharp tongued and insulting someone. That isn't something I ever condone and I could never forgive myself for allowing myself that abuse of my powers. It does however, lead to some hard conversations with myself.

-----------------

The rain pattered against the smudged and scratched window of the bus in a barrage of harmless strikes as a dull, blurred red light glowed in the distance. I lay with my head to the side and watched each drop impact, and then slide down from their pockmark. The route water droplets take is rarely straight. Maybe it is imperfections in the glass, maybe it is surface tension changing as some of the water is deposited. I'm not sure. They jittered and juttered from left to right, struggling to find the optimum route to a location they haven't yet decided upon. It felt relatable. In life I usually go with the flow but I'm not certain where that is taking me.

My thoughts drifted to last night. My thoughts drifted to Jen's bedroom. My thoughts drifted to Kate. She'd become excited about me and Jen. I was sure that must have been the trigger. Horniness was never such a straight line though. That is especially true for when it triggers you to think about burying your face between a friend's legs while another friend watches.

I shifted in my seat as the bus resumed its journey and laid my head upon my overnight bag. My cheeks puffed as I sunk onto its soft purple surface. The lights had changed, and the droplets were pulled sideways by the movement of the bus but I was still nowhere nearer to understanding what had occurred. I can see inside people's head. I thought I was the one who didn't need to ask, "what were they thinking"! I mean, I know what she was thinking. I know in so much more detail than I ever should. I just didn't know she had any thoughts about the three of us in that way, or any women. It was such a surprise to me. Shouldn't I have picked up on something like that, even without my abilities?

She had seemed rather distant in the morning. I think the other two attributed her mood as the effects of the same hangover Rosy was suffering from but the memories flashing up in her mind told me Kate had something else to focus on. Sexual images didn't flash into her mind when she looked at Rosy though. The girl she had imagined performing oral sex on didn't make her redden, turn away or look down. It was me. It was looking at me that caused those flashes in her mind. It was seeing me that caused that shy, distant reaction. I shouldn't have been able to make those connections. I shouldn't be able to match my role in her fantasy to her reactions to me. I should have only thought she had simply had too much to drink, but instead I knew her thoughts. I had peered into an intimate and private moment that only she should have ever been able to see. It didn't have to mean anything, it was a fantasy spurred on by something she had seen earlier in the day. Could be a one and done sexy bit of fun for her. Yet here I was, trying to figure out what a fantasy I never should have been aware of, meant to me. 

I huffed and loudly exhaled as if my breath would expel my confusion out of my body with it. My thoughts had not cleared and I found myself going in circles. Did I truly not know what Kate was thinking? Was I confused and overthinking things? Or did I actually know all too well what she was going through? Could I sympathise with enjoying erotic images in the dark inspired by those who trusted me enough to expose themselves bare before me? I groaned and closed my eyes as the bus transported me closer to home.

-----------------

"Muuuum, Daaaad? Who's home?" I yelled as I came through the door and slung my bag off my shoulder onto the floor and removed my jacket. A roll and creak of a wheeled chair sounded above me followed by a patter of feet upon the upstairs landing. I undid my boots as I heard them approach and heard the door of the study creak to the right of me. My dad popped to the doorway with his hand gripping a phone while listening intently and gave me a quick smile. I mouthed "Sorry" to him coupled with a small wave and he responded with a friendly but occupied nod as he closed the door lightly and responded to the caller with a quick "Yeah. Makes sense. We can sort that out..."

I heard the rushing footsteps stop at the top of the stairs in time to catch a flurry of blonde hair whipping around my older sister as she commenced her descent.

"All-" she began to scream but quickly stifled herself when she saw my hurried finger at my lips and hand pointing to the study and the faint noises of conversation. She settled on the compromise of a faint squeal as she practically leapt the last few flights of stairs and knocked me back against the door in a death-grip like embrace. Despite her slightly smaller stature than me (I have inherited the height of my mother's side of the family while my sister must have inherited hers from my father), she managed to cover every part of me with her hug. She placed a kiss on my cheek before pulling back.

"What exactly was that for?" I asked smiling at the sudden affection. In reality this wasn't uncommon, even if it had only been a day since we had seen each other. You can imagine how it was for our reunions while she was completing her degree. I think that when she eventually moves out of our family home, she'll likely find a way to make me court ordered to visit daily. My brother was a lot more relaxed in that regard and his shows of affection, if he was home, I doubted I would see him unless I made the effort to venture to his cave of a room, at which point I would get a few seconds of dedicated attention before he returned half his attention to his art. A year above me, Mike was fully absorbed in his first year of university work and his art projects. Back for a week for his university's scheduled break in lectures he was enjoying his time at home by drawing while not having to put in any direct effort to look after himself. My sister on the other hand was also wrapped up in her room most of the time writing articles for her job at a magazine. Yeah, they're the creative ones.

Me? Well I guess the more scientific one. Except I'm not that great at the sciences. Mainly mathsy things get all jumbled up in my head. I'm not bad at history but I guess linguistics is what I'm interested in. I like languages but not in quite the same way as my sister. She likes the romance of them. The creativity. I like how they work. The mechanics. With a dad as an actual mechanic I suppose there was a reasonable chance one of the three of us would have a mechanistic and systematic way of looking at things. It is possible that my sister and brother's creativity was a response to that as my banker of a mother doesn't really give off the "dreamer" kind of vibe that the two of them do.

Untangling myself from my sister we quietly caught up on each other's day and how my sleepover had gone (leaving out certainly nightly activities obviously, me and my sister are close but not that close). We chatted on her bed in her room for a little while and she showed me some of the research she was working on and some of the articles she was crafting. I was certain they would all be brilliantly well received when submitted and told her as much. I walked past my brother's room, briefly stopping at the doorway to chat. I was right. Only a few seconds of dedicated attention and then his progress on a wooded hillside on his digital art tablet slowed his responses. I saw the flashes of different images of inspiration flick through his mind and saw more and more of my speech being overwhelmed or only barely listened to. Multiple times he didn't hear a word I had said but simply attempted to respond as best he could. Still his focus on a project was a calming one. I could quite happily lay on his bed and listen to music in his presence and feel calm. His thoughts were far less sporadic when working than other peoples. Lots of different inspirations but fewer topic jumps than others. It was more pleasant to follow and I enjoyed seeing the vague outline in his mind form as his pen went to work. I decided to leave him to it. It was best to let him finish up a project and then you would get far more out of him.

It was as I was entering my room and peeling off my top that I finally got the text message.

Jen: So...someone enjoyed sleeping next to me last night :P 

-----------------

I'll admit it. I knew it was possible that evidence of my orgasms was gonna stay on the sheets. The way I had cum; it probably wasn't going to dry any time soon underneath the duvet. I just had wished it had. There wasn't any way to wash Jen's bedsheets like I could do when I squirted on my own and I hadn't really been able to grab a towel to lay on.

Ally: The sheets right? Um...yeah.

Ally: Oh god, I'm so sorry. :( I'm super embarrassed. I promise I didn't mean it. Please don't think I'm weird.

It was a gamble fully admitting it to be sure, especially without being able to see Jen's mind, but playing innocent would just extend the embarrassment of a friend finding your own pussy juices in her bed and she would likely find out sooner or later if she didn't already know. I lay on the bed in my knickers while I awaited her reply.

Jen: The sheets? Oh no I just meant you must have enjoyed yourself snuggling. But I can check on the sheets to see if there was anything.

Oh shit.

Jen: Just messing with you. Of course I mean the massive damp patch on my sheets.

Oh. I started to type...I'm not even sure what. Mostly more apologies.

Jen: I'm not mad, I just need to know for certain what it is. Cause I'll admit, one option is a little bit more friendly than I'm prepared for. Option 1. Did you piss yourself? We were drinking.

We were drinking. I could try it. I could lie to her. Jen would accept whatever answer I gave and move on. But that wouldn't mean she wouldn't know the truth. I needed to clear things up.

Ally: No. It's...not piss.

Jen: Oh good cause if I sniffed your piss that would just be weird.

Ally: YOU SNIFFED IT!

Jen: ahahaha kidding XD 

Jen: Oh god I wish I could see your face. Bet it is a picture.

Jen: And you are probably a little pissed about me taking the mickey of you during one of the most embarrassing moments of your life :P 

Jen: Besides no need to sniff it. The moment I pulled back the sheets it wafted up in my face. I'm amazed I didn't smell it when I got out. I mean boy! You got some strong smells. Pretty sweet though.

Ally: You're awful

Ally: XD

Ally: I'm literally crying right now but you've somehow made this okay.

I wasn't lying. I'm not sure why I was crying but I think it was because of how well she was taking it so far. I mean I had not only orgasmed and squirted in her bed, but while I was right next to her. I was expecting more.

Jen: Awww baby. Don't cry. God knows you've lost enough fluids as it is.

Ally: Bitch! XD 

Jen: So...story. Tell it.

Ally: You really want me to? I mean, I'm sure you can guess how it ends.

Jen: I do. I need to figure out what you thinking so... I can figure stuff out.

Jen: Gimmie all the juicy details!

I rolled my eyes purely for my own benefit, then I paused. What did I tell her? I can't exactly tell her I mindread about Kate's erotic fantasies. Should I even mention Kate?

Ally: Okay here goes. Sooo...

Ally: Well it had been building the whole day. I had a few fun times in the shower and while getting ready. 

This wasn't an entire lie. As I have already said, the telepathy makes me horny a lot of the time. As I was typing the rest, she interrupted me.

Jen: Ah ah ah. I said details. "Fun times" isn't detailed.

Ally: You serious? What do you want?

Jen: Details.

I could feel my heart beating harder than normal while my breath pumped out of my lungs. What was I getting into here? I had flashes of her on her bed with her phone. Reading what I was about to write. Stop imagining her hands moving down to her shorts.

Ally: Our shower has a jet setting...I was, placing that so it shot on my pussy and was rubbing my clit. You happy now!

Jen: Oh yeah. That jet setting is good isn't it.

Ally: Oh my god you slut! You've done it in my shower! No wonder you take a long time.

Jen: Guilty XD

Images of Jen's wet body in the shower holding the shower head...down there. A showerhead I was intimately familiar with. My breathing was coming hard and fast now and I felt my fingers on my left nipple before I noticed my hand had moved. Was this going to happen? Were we going to...? 

Jen: So how did teasing that pussy and clit in the shower make you cum in my bed?

She really wanted all the details. She was getting off on it. I could tell. I looked around when I heard a moan. I covered my mouth in shock. Was that me? I waited to hear if any of my family had heard and would come to my room. Nothing.

Ally: Well I was still pretty turned on when I came to your house and it died down over time but then...when we were getting changed.

Jen: Go on. What did it? What got you horny again?

Ally: Where is your hand?

Jen: On my phone.

Ally: Other one?

Jen: Lower.

Ally: I'm going to need more details than that Jen.

Jen: It's where yours is.

Little minx. I mean she wasn't wrong. I could tell we had crossed a line some time ago but somehow, I felt connected to her. Like our thoughts and movements were as one even across this distance and only linked by texting. I decided to go for it.

Ally: My hand is burying two fingers in my pussy while my thumb rubs my clit. 

Ally: Exactly like what I did in your bed with you right next to me. I couldn't help myself after you played with my breasts it was all I could think about. 

Jen: They felt so good in my hands. 

Jen: You enjoyed me playing with those cute breasts of yours?

Ally: I did so much. Then I showed you my naked ass.

Jen: Such a cute butt.

Ally: It all brought back an entire day of horniness and I fingered myself so hard I squirted right there on your bed sheets.

"Oh god." I moaned to an empty room.

My mouth hung open as I lay on my stomach. I'm not even sure how I'd managed to finish my text but the moment the phone came up with "seen" I exploded. I came. I felt warm course through my body from my legs and toes right up to my breasts. I felt a firm hand clutching at my nipples, imagining her kissing down my neck I blasted through a powerful toe-curling orgasm. I felt three pulses of liquid pour my pleasure out of me and into my knickers. I groaned into my pillow eventually forcing my teeth to bite into it to prevent any sounds escaping into the world.

My eyes were hazy as the world came back into reality around me. I took a second to relish in the warmth and wetness I had created and feel my blood coursing through my veins. My face and chest were flushed and I felt a droplet of drool slip out the side of my mouth. I realised my teeth were still clenched around the pillow in desperation and released them. As I pulled back, I saw my phone in my hand.

Ally:////////////////'#

Ah...

Jen: Girl you said it XD 

Jen: Wow.
