 Samantha was a hot, five and a half foot tall eastern European bombshell, svelte, sexy and prone to dressing in the most scandalous clothing she could find. Whether it was a cultural thing or not, clad in jeans so tight you could see the lack of panty line, everybody who met her could not help staring for a few minutes. Her typical top consisted of what looked to most like spandex, a single piece tube that highlighted her trim waist and propped up her breasts, making them seem larger than a handful. Erin was a near twin in build, with brunette, shoulder length hair cut in layers that almost matched her best friend's golden locks. More conservative at least in public, Erin usually attracted attention on her own, if she was not compared side by side. After getting to know her best friend for almost a decade, Erin had come to wonder, more and more, what it would be like to finally be with a woman. That evening in the kitchen, Samantha had been acting even crazier than usual.

Clad in a silk robe, Erin could not be sure how much Samantha had been drinking that evening but she had been in the strangest mood Erin had seen yet. The pale, cream colored silk robe looked like something out of Victoria Secret's most naughty collection, with a matching half cup bra and thong. Erin had felt heated as soon as she arrived that night, staring at her best friend's outfit, almost slack jawed. 

"Do you like this?" Samantha asked, her accent thicker than usual, gesturing to her attire. Her voice was as pretty as she was, sounding like a tinkle of music to Erin. Gulping, she nodded, feeling completely out of place and looking around the house. "He's not here," Samantha chuckled, referring to her husband. Erin felt her throat constrict as she nodded, walking into the kitchen. "Wine?" The blonde bombshell asked, her hand gesturing to the half empty bottle on the counter. As she did, Erin could not help but take in Samantha's pink nipples, now fully erect and seeming to stare at her. Samantha poured a glass, pretending not to notice Erin's appreciative stare. 

Gulping half the glass in one go, Erin thought frantically she needed some fresh air. She had been never actually been with a woman before and the flirting was too much. "I have to take a walk," Erin blurted, "It's hot in here." Samantha nodded, her nipples seeming to grow even harder as Erin blushed. 

"Finish your wine, first," Samantha murmured, stepping closer to the brunette. She loved the attention Erin had lavished on her breasts and desperately wanted the woman to finally make a move. As Samantha entered Erin's personal space, she paused, turning around. "I'll put this away," she said, leaning forward to grab the wine bottle on the counter. As she did, Samantha pressed her sexy, toned ass back into Erin's waist, showing the thong was in fact a g-string, an almost dental floss string separating the twin, creamy globes of her rear. Erin stared at Samantha's ass, her voice dry and her own pussy starting to heat up. Her had moved to caress Samantha's ass and then she paused, realizing what she was about to do. Shocked, frustrated and horny beyond the breaking point, Erin drew a deep, shuddering breath. 

"I have to go," Erin exclaimed, downing the last of the wine as Samantha started to grind her butt against her jean clad thighs. Stepping away, she set the glass down and headed outside. The cold air cleared her head a little as she went for a walk around the block, trying to not think about what Samantha clearly wanted to do with her. Twenty minutes passed as she walked around the neighborhood before finally deciding to head back to the house. 

Erin walked into the house, being extra careful with the front door before taking off her shoes. The night was cold, only a few weeks shy of the new year, and the brunette took extra care to be quiet as she shut the door. Even though she had stayed with her best friend during the vacation before, it felt awkward now that she was married. Thinking about Samantha's dirty blonde locks, svelte, stacked physique and naughty smile, Erin felt her thighs grow hot. Including Erin, even though she was her best friend, the blonde bombshell from Romania had given her thoughts she had not entertained since college. Even still, Erin had never acted on any of her lesbian impulses, having only been with men. During college though, she had fantasized many times what it would be like to make a move on her roommate. A few nights, she had waited till the woman was asleep, then finger fucked herself crazy while watching her. Shaking her head to focus on the present, she shut the door, her long legs stepping lightly on the hardwood floor, as she tracked down the steps leading into the family room. Thinking that the house was quiet and Samantha might have passed out, drunk, Erin slowly walked in, headed for the staircase.

Stopping in her tracks, Erin heard a sloshing sound, coupled by moaning, from around the wall near the Christmas tree. "Oh," moaned a distinctly feminine voice, which caused Erin to get excited and nervous, all at once. Clad in tights, Erin was five and a half feet of prime, hot woman. She knew exactly how attractive she was and after her friend had been married to the lithe, curvaceous Romanian for over a year, she had experienced a jealousy unlike anything before. Erin crept behind the wall and peered around the corner, not sure what to expect, but afraid of waking anybody else in the house. 

Samantha was kneeling, doggy-style, on the couch and completely naked. Her knees parted and back arched, Samantha was in the middle of ramming a flesh colored dildo into her pussy over and over again. Erin froze, watching the hot blonde bombshell work her pussy for a moment while she just admired the curves of her ass. Without the g-string in between her cheeks, Samantha's bottom had a tight, firm crack separating the twin globes of creamy, round perfection. In the dim light, Erin could just see the light brown, star shaped entrance to her nether orifice, and licked her lips, feeling her heart start thumping in her cheset.

Shaking her head, she stared, unable to believe what she was seeing. Samantha's svelte frame was firm all over, with curves to die for in the hips, the thighs and the chest. Samantha's breasts were sticking straight out, despite being a c-cup at least. Erin felt her chest constrict as her breathing quickened, watching the blonde moan as she fucked her pussy. The pale, smooth skin of Samantha's ass cheeks was unblemished, even in the dim light, and Erin licked her lips as she stared.

There was enough light from the window near Samantha's position that, as Erin's eyes adjusted, she could see the bald lips of Samantha's labia as the dildo slid in and out of her dripping pussy. Erin felt herself grow hot in her tights and long sleeve, desperate to pull her clothes off and touch herself all over as she watched her best friend pleasuring herself with a large, fake cock. Curious to get a closer view, Erin crept closer, being careful not to disturb the masturbating woman. She felt herself grow more and more aroused, watching the woman who had flirted so many times with her for several years, completely naked and vulnerable. Samantha's face was averted to her approach, her head tilted towards the cushions of the brown couch. 

Erin crept closer to Samantha, eyes fixated on her rear entrance. The sight of her sphincter, puckered and light brown, drove Erin mad with lust as she contemplated what she wanted to do to the furiously masturbating woman. Erin stepped closer still, until she could practically slap Samantha's ass, the creamy, pale cheeks almost glowing in the dim light, now that her eyes had adjusted. Erin reached out instead to the couch to steady herself, watching as Samantha started to buck her hips, sliding the dildo further in and out of her wet pussy. 

Unable to believe she was watching her best friend fucking herself with a massive dildo, Erin simply knelt on the couch behind her as she got close enough, staring at the blonde's tight pussy and puckered asshole. Nostrils flared, Erin breathed deeply, inhaling the scent of sex in the air. Erin licked her lips, unable to decide if doing anything more was worth the price. Samantha might freak out, Erin thought, if I do anything. Studying her rear entrance, Erin decided to take a risk. Slowly, she bent forward, sticking her tongue out as she did. Samantha started to slid the dildo further into her cunt, then she started to fuck herself with shorter strokes, keeping the dildo nearly hilted in her sopping wet pussy. 

Erin took a deep breath through her nose as she leaned forward to stick her tongue into Samantha's crack. As her tongue connected with the sweaty, musky crack of Samantha's ass, Erin breathed in deeply through her nose, nearly drunk on the heady scent of the her friend's damp flesh. Craving more intimate contact, she licked down Samantha's crack, slowly circling her rear entrance. Samantha kept stroking the dildo in and out of her pussy in small, even movements, her right hand working the phallus like a pro. Erin could not believe her friend had made no movements so far, other than a small shudder as her tongue reached her sphincter. Determined to enjoy as much as she could before she got caught, Erin bolded started to tongue fuck Samantha's ass. Pointing her tongue out as far as it would go, Erin bobbed her head, sliding her tongue in and out of the blonde's light brown sphincter. Moaning, the slender blonde started to wiggle her ass back and forth, dragging Erin's taught tongue across every wrinkle of her puckered entrance.

Breathing like she was in a sprint, Erin knelt on the couch, tongue fucking the woman who's ass she had wanted for years. Convinced that Samantha had no idea it was her working her rear entrance, Erin was content to bury her face in the musky, dank crack. Her hands ached to slap the tight, pale flesh as she licked out the gorgeous sphincter. Suspecting she was about to get away with the delicious tongue lashing and bolt, Erin planned her escape, leaning back and readying herself to run, despite her continued licking and rimming of Samantha's saliva covered anus. Samantha started to feel an orgasm build, between the dildo and her friend's tongue fucking. Gasping, she moaned long and high, clenching her ass tight. Erin's tongue could not penetrate the puckered sphincter as Samantha tensed up, arching her back upwards, forming a bridge position. Despite her intention to run, Erin started to lick the puckered entrance slowly, probing the wrinkled flesh even harder with her tongue, feeling her own pussy start to drip thick pre-cum, soaking her panties. Lost in the heady musk of Samantha's ass, she failed to notice the blonde looking back at her.

"Erin, that was amazing," Samantha chuckled throatily, her accented voice thick. "I never imagined you would put your tongue in my ass like that," she continued, panting from cumming so hard. She wiggled her ass back towards Erin's face. "Lick me more," Samantha commanded, pushing her ass back into Erin's face. Bewildered, the brunette licked her once more, sliding her tongue into her musky backdoor, then stopped.

"How did you know it was me?" Gasped Erin, leaning backwards. She tried to focus on the words instead of the luscious, tight ass in front of her face. Samantha removed the dildo from her pussy and Erin stared at the swollen lips, glistening in the moonlight. Almost drooling, she wondered how much better Samantha's pussy would taste, drenched with cum from her powerful orgasm.

"He won't be back for days, on business," Samantha panted, her breath still short from her climax. "I thought you would be too curious to let it go if I was on the couch, masturbating." Samantha chuckled, wiggling her ass once more and starting to slide the dildo in and out of her cunt. With long, smooth strokes, she started to fuck herself faster and faster before Erin's stunned eyes. 

Erin could not believe the words coming out of Samantha's mouth, but the whole thing seemed to perfect a setup, now that she thought for more than a second. Her open lust, with more than a year since a serious relationship, the constant flirting in the kitchen with Samantha. Even though she was her best friend, Erin had treated Samantha no different than a few of her roommates in college. To her surprise, Samantha had always one upped her teasing with at times less than appropriate flirting. Erin had put this behavior down to Samantha's culture, assuming things were simply different in Romania. Confronted with Samantha's words now, Erin realized it was everything she hoped for. The lustful, blonde and wickedly sexy Romanian vixen wanted her as much as she fantasized about her delicious body. 

"Did you enjoy making me cum by licking my ass?" Samantha asked, wiggling her hips and arching her back slightly, making the angle and direction of her constant dildo stuffing of her pussy change dramatically. Erin watched, mesmerized, as the Romanian woman continued to fuck herself with the flesh colored dildo. "Oh, god," Samantha moaned, spreading her ass wide and fucking deeper with the dildo, "I want to cum again," Samantha groaned. Sliding the dildo into her pussy she changed her grip as Erin watched her ram the phallus into her cunt with more force. "Fuck me," Samantha moaned, "Erin, lick me," she commanded, her ass convulsing as she said so. Erin had watched Samantha writhe and moan, unable to believe what was happening. 

The direct command to attend her needs caused Erin to snap out of her trance, eyes refocusing on Samantha's tight backdoor. Despite knowing she was setup, she still felt a small flush of guilt as she watched the hot, lusty blonde pleasure herself with abandon. She watched as Samantha's dildo started to plunge deeper into her sweet, wet pussy and she blushed, realizing lust for her own body was what drove the hot blonde to such extreme behavior. Tongue extended, Erin started to trace the entrance to Samantha's ass, loving the feeling of the ridged entrance against her tongue. Samantha moaned, grinding her ass back and then surprising Erin again. "Grab it," Samantha moaned, taking her hand off of the phallus, "Fuck me."

Grabbing the dildo, Erin started to savagely fuck the Romanian woman's pussy. Feeling mislead, Erin just wanted to hear Samantha scream. Whether in agony or ecstasy, at that moment, Erin could not have said. The guilt at getting tricked into having sex, the sheer, mind blowing pleasure of tasting the most forbidden fruit combined to make Erin the most frustrated woman on the planet at that moment. Stuffing the dildo in and out of Samantha's pink pussy lips, Erin noticed a setting on the end with ridges, under her finger tips. Twisting as she fucked Samantha, Erin managed to activate the vibration function, causing the phallus to start shaking and quivering in her hand as she kept fucking Samantha as hard and fast as she could. 

Samantha felt the dildo start to shake the moment Erin flipped the on switch, her pussy convulsing as if she had no prior real stimulation that night. Loving the sensation, Samantha started groaning louder and louder, bucking her hips against the thick rubber cock and loving the toy vibrating deep inside her. Her tight pussy was getting pounded like never before, Samantha could feel every long, hard stroke coming faster and faster, Erin's hand slamming into her clit with every thrust. Erin watched Samantha go wild with lust, impaling herself over and over on the fake dick, feeling her own pussy get wetter and wetter as her friend wantonly pleasured herself. Jealous, Erin slapped Samantha's ass as she impaled herself, bottoming out on the dildo while her left hand imprinted a crimson handprint on her ass cheek. Samantha groaned, grinding herself in a small circle on the vibrator as Erin slapped her ass once again. 

"Lick me," Samantha groaned as Erin's hand connected once again, her palm slapping the delicate woman's flesh, causing her ass to vibrate over the rubber cock. "Put your tongue in my ass," Samantha begged. Erin stared as Samantha's ass contracted while she watched, the outer ring opening more than a centimeter before compressing back down to the normal, rosebud shape. Erin involuntarily licked her lips, staring at Samantha's asshole flexing in front of her. 

"Cum," Erin said, ignoring Samantha's pleas as she removed the vibrator from Samantha's dripping pussy. Erin knew Samantha was only moments away from a second orgasm, and positioned the rubber cock at the entrance to Samantha's ass. Twitching, Samantha bucked her hips a few times before grinding down, taking the vibrator into her rectum more than half way before stopping. Erin watched Samantha impale herself rectally on the vibrator, grinding down and twirling her ass like never before. 

The Romanian woman felt as if a huge pole had been stuffed inside her bowels, pain mingling with pleasure as the vibrator pulsed inside her backdoor. She felt it vibrate her cheeks apart, tight ass flexing and tensing against the dildo. In moments, Samantha felt as if she could cum with just a small change in the dildo's angle, the head pressed nearly against her g-spot via her rectum. "Yes," Samantha moaned, loving the sensation of the vibrator tingling inside her ass, "Oh, yes."

Erin felt Samantha grinding down and rotating the vibrator in her ass, with her own pussy getting wetter by the moment, jealous of the massive stimulation Samantha was receiving. She slapped Samantha's ass, hard, when the Romanian woman started to cry out. Erin spanked her again and again, while Samantha cried out, "I'm coming," which was music to Erin's ears. She worked the dildo in and out of her ass while the hot Romanian ground to a halt, one hand between her thighs and the other spreading her ass cheeks while Erin fucked her with the vibrator. Samantha clenched her ass tight around the vibrator, feeling her rectum convulse with every wave of deep pleasure from her intense climax. Holding herself motionless, Samantha reached between her legs and fingered her pussy as her orgasm exploded. Reeling, unable to think, Samantha's face flushed as tides of pleasure rolled through her body. Every inch of her body felt like it was glowing when Erin pushed the still vibrating dildo to the limit inside her.

Shuddering, Samantha slowly stopped shaking and moved forward, sliding herself off of the dildo with obvious reluctance. Watching in a trance, Erin observed Samantha free herself from the large phallus and recline on the couch, staring at her clothed form. The blonde bombshell's face was flushed, her thighs glistening in the moonlight and her tongue slowly licked her lips. She crooked a finger, giving her friend a, "Come here," gesture. 

"Too many clothes," Samantha said, gesturing imperiously to Erin's outfit. Erin could feel her soaking pussy begging for release in her panties, her sweat pants, her thermal top and lacy bra. Fully clothed, she had forgotten for a moment and stared at the blonde, not comprehending. Blushing, Erin stripped her socks, sweat pants and thermal in moments, standing clad in her lacy underwear only. The air was warm and when she got down to her lingerie, she felt like she could orgasm with a single touch of her love button.

"Wait," Samantha said, admiring the brunette American woman in her lacy underwear. At five and a half feet tall, Erin had a similarly svelte physique, with curves in all the right places. Samantha admired the other woman's body, clad in underwear, as she fingered her pussy for a moment, licking her lips in excitement. "Strip for me," Samantha commanded, finger fucking her pussy for a moment and staring significantly at Erin's lacy underwear. 

Erin stood up and started to swivel her hips, dancing to a tune neither woman could hear, as she reached back and unhooked her bra. With the clasp undone, the brunette started to grind her hips in ever more exaggerated movements, seeming to copulate with a stranger in mid air. Her left hand slid the lacy bra over her last shoulder, tossing the pink undergarment aside. "Nice," Samantha murmured, finger fucking herself more. The Romanian blonde was masturbating furiously in seconds, watching the extremely hot brunette strip in font of her. Despite the two powerful orgasms, Samantha was hornier than ever and watching was proving too great a temptation. Unable to believe how excited Samantha was getting, Erin slipped her fingers underneath the waistband of her panties. As she did, Samantha gave a small gasp and pulled her knees closer to her chest, exposing her core as she shoved two fingers deep inside her cunt. With careful movements, in synch with her swaying hips, Erin unhooked her underwear and slid them down to her knees. 
