 "Shit." Nina swore to herself, glancing at the clock. Did that clock read 11:30? And the video was due back at Blockbuster by noon. Damn. Bruce Willis was good but not good enough to pay for another night. She grabbed a pair of jeans and pulled them over shapely hips, donning a wrinkled white formfitting t-shirt that offered a stark contrast to her dark chocolate skin. Slipping into open toe leather sandals, she hurried from the apartment. It really was too warm for jeans, a heat wave in Philadelphia in early June. Ridiculous. But she was only going to the Blockbuster. These were the days that she loved the short curly cut she'd opted for a few months ago, she rarely had to give it a second thought. And she was glad she'd left her glasses in the car last night. No use running into a tree just to return videos. And the small round black frames looked adorable on her, her one consolation since discovering her eyesight had gone to hell.

She revved up the engine of the sporty Toyota, she had just enough time to make it if these Philadelphians would let her drive like the New Yorker she was. She managed to arrive at the video store in 15 minutes. Five minutes to spare. She decided to take the videos to the counter instead of putting them in the drop off box. With only five minutes left, she didn't want an argument the next time she decided to rent and someone accused her of returning videos late. Once in the store, she decided to browse, wondering if she should rent a couple more videos.

She noticed the only other customer in the store almost immediately. Not only because she was generally paranoid about her surroundings (the New Yorker in her), but also because the woman was...well, "in the club" so to speak. At least according to her gaydar. She looked soft butch. Caramel colored skin, a few inches shorter than Nina's five foot seven inches, stocky...a nice muscular form from the look of her golden biceps, complemented nicely by a black tank top. Rippling was the best description for those biceps. Short hair, died blonde and cut into a flattering fade... As they both browsed for videos, Nina felt the woman's eyes on her. When she turned to look, the woman smiled. Nina smiled in return, chastising herself immediately. She had just promised Renee she'd be a good girl. No more straying. But damn, she loved a light-skinned butch. And that blonde hair was adorable on her. She shook her head, no. No. She had promised Renee. She couldn't. She selected her second video with Renee in mind, a martial arts film, and decided to leave before anything else happened.

The clerk at the counter decided to launch into a sales pitch about the Blockbuster "rewards" program. Free video rentals, blah, blah, blah. She said yes just to shut him up. Only eleven dollars a year, whatever, she had to get out of there. The blonde was now standing in line behind her. She quickly signed her name on the receipt and left. She was in her car and out of the parking lot before the blonde even left the store. She sighed, temptation was a bitch.

