 It's 2 a.m. on a Tuesday night in the Scalia household. On one half of the King size bed in the master bedroom Dominic Scalia snores contentedly. On the other half of the bed, Teresa was having another bout with a recurring dream. In her dream Teresa finds herself again in the boxing ring at the Civic Center. Her outer clothing stripped from her, panties and hose lowered to mid thigh Teresa is again over the lap of Maria the Latin stripper. As she relives that night once again, Teresa tosses and turns in the bed fighting against the arousal that is building within her. Her black satin shorty nightgown is riding up and bunching at her waist. In Teresa's mind the scene is vividly playing out as Maria's hand explores the curves of Teresa's upturned ass. Her unconscious mind knows full well what is coming next with the anticipation and the arousal becoming nearly unbearable. As she dreams of Maria, Teresa instinctively seeks relief. Teresa's legs are churning under the covers, her thighs are pressed together tightly as they scissor against each other. Teresa's strong thighs part as her right hand caresses herself through the satin material of her panties. Her hips rise and fall in time with her petting hand. The dream continues as an accurate replay of the boxing ring events. Maria's caresses suddenly stop and there is an ominous pause. Teresa's masturbation increases in speed and intensity. In the dream, Maria commences with Teresa's punishment. The real time masturbation keeps pace with the dreamtime spanking, both creating an intense fervor in Teresa. Teresa's hand moves inside the panties to give her direct contact. Her pussy is well lubricated as she slips two fingers inside. Teresa groans and arches her back as her orgasm comes simultaneously with the end of the spanking. The dream ends here and Teresa slowly comes to consciousness. Chest heaving up and down, panting for breath, with a hint of perspiration in her cleavage, Teresa awakens and finds her hand still in her crotch and dripping with wetness. She flips the covers from her, adjusts her panties and swings her legs over the side of the bed to sit up.

"My God I can't believe this is happening again." Teresa thinks to herself as she holds her head in her hands. "At least the lord of the manor over there sleeps like the dead." Teresa sarcastically comments.

Stepping out of the bedroom, Teresa enters an adjoining bath and shuts the door. Switching on the light, she sits on the commode to think about what to do.

"I can't let this go on; it's driving me up the wall. I need to get something on Roxanne Starr and those two sluts Maria and Kathy. Something I can use on them. Maybe then I can get this out of my head." Teresa was strategizing. "I'll get Barbara to help me. She's got as much against them as I do. But it's got to be something major, something I can really use to humiliate them."

The next morning at the Anderson house, Barbara is folding and putting away laundry. Barbara's alone in the house as husband Mark and son Chad are at work and school respectively. Barbara opens a drawer in her dresser to put some of her freshly laundered lingerie. In the bottom of the drawer Barbara sees a white lace garter belt, matching thong, and a pair of white stockings. Barbara remembers well the night she wore those particular items and how that was all she was wearing when she left the Civic Center. Barbara picks up the garter belt and holds it out in front of her. As she looks over the fine white silk appliqué, her mind goes back to that fateful evening. She starts reminiscing of her being over the lap of Kathy Benson wearing nothing but the white lingerie and Kathy applying forceful corporal punishment to Barbara's bottom. Much as she tries to repress it, Barbara has more than a few stirrings of arousal as she replays those events in her mind.

"This is wrong, this is wrong." Barbara struggles with her thoughts. "I cannot feel like this. And it's their fault, Maria, Roxanne and Kathy."

Just as she's going over her humiliation at the hands of Kathy Benson, Barbara's cell phone rings.

"Hello this is Barbara."

"Barbara this is Terri Scalia. Before you hang up on me, please let me say something."

"I can't imagine that you have anything to say to me that I would be interested in. I've had more than my fair share of problems involving you and I don't wish to add to that so good......"

"How about getting even with Roxanne Starr and her two sluts?" Teresa interrupted. There was a few seconds of silence on the other end.

"Oh I'm sure you have a wonderful plan. No thank you, but I'll pass. I don't need another repeat encounter with those three. Perhaps you enjoyed being on the receiving end from Maria, it wouldn't surprise me if you did." said Barbara.

"Barbara don't be stupid. I have no intention of directly confronting them, at least not all three at the same time. Keep in mind Barbara it was your idea to pull the ties loose on their bikinis. Look what that led to." 

"Don't call me stupid Teresa; you're the one who paraded around with her boobs hanging out."

"Hear me out on this please! What I've got mine is something more covert. Let's dig up some dirt on them, something we can use to humiliate them without putting us in jeopardy. Maybe something we can get on video or still pictures."

There was a pause in the conversation while Barbara thought for a moment. "Well I've heard some rumors, through Mark's friends, that Roxanne and her two little playmates have late-night liaisons in the back room of her bar. That might be something we could use."

"That's interesting, we'll have to check it out, but it sounds like something we could run with. We don't dare go into the bar ourselves. It would be great if there was a window in that back room. There's no one around that place in the morning, I think the earliest they get there is three or four o'clock in the afternoon. I can drive by some morning and scout it out."

"All right Teresa let me know what you find out, but we have to use the utmost care. Getting caught would be disastrous." warned Barbara.

Teresa did indeed perform some reconnaissance on Roxanne Starr's gentlemen's club. There was a back room nicely concealed from the parking area. In fact no one would know someone was on the outside of the building in that area unless they happened to walk there. The back room was in a corner and there were windows on either side of the corners, unfortunately the sill of the windows was about 6 feet above the pavement. If Barbara and Teresa were going to see anything through those windows they would have to be standing on some sort of platform. There were a few metal trash cans next to the windows that could be used, but they would be an unstable platform at best.

"I wonder if that's the room Barbara was talking about behind those windows? There's no way to see anything from the ground, we'll have to drag a ladder along or something. Maybe I could try those trash cans. God they're disgustingly dirty" Teresa said to herself.

There were three metal cans by the window. None of which had lids. Teresa reluctantly tipped the cans over to form a platform. It was a bit of a stretch, but she steadied herself with a handhold on the window sill and made the long step up on top of the can. Peering through the window Teresa had a good view of the inside of the building. Evidently the space was being used for Roxanne's office and had the usual office furniture. There was also a couch and what looked like a massage table.

"This is perfect I can practically see the whole room." Teresa thought. Teresa shifted slightly on the cans to change her perspective. The cans teetered a little and Teresa had to grip the window sill tightly to keep from falling. "Damnit that was close." Teresa thought as she regained her balance. "I think Barbara will be the one in the elevated position and I can be the lookout."

Teresa informed Barbara of the information she gathered on her reconnaissance mission. They made plans to meet near the gentlemen's club late on the next Saturday night. Actually it would be early Sunday morning. They would have to be there after the usual closing hour when their three victims would hopefully be in the office.

"Okay Barbara we'll have to park someplace away from the club and sneak in from the backside of the building."

"We can park in that vacant lot that's only a block west of the club. I know there are some trees we can park behind and that will give us the approach we want. Are you bringing the camera?"

"I've got the camera taken care of. Do you know how to work a camcorder?."

"I'm sure I can, but why do I need to know how to use your camera. Can't you do it?"

"Oh I'll be busy with other things. Don't worry it's really easy to operate." Of course Teresa knew full well why she wanted Barbara to run the camera. "Now remember Barbara, wear dark clothes so we can stay concealed."

"All right I'll meet you in that lot around 1: 30."

"It's all set then. Here's where we get even." Teresa said confidently.

It was a clear calm moonlit night when the scheming pair met at the vacant lot. Temperatures were in the brisk 50s and both women dressed accordingly. Teresa wore a dark blue sweatshirt, designer jeans with a black baseball cap. Her hair was tied back in a ponytail that exited the back of the cap. Barbara had taken the dark clothing/covert operation to heart. Black turtleneck over black stretch pants finishing up with a pair of black athletic shoes.

"Here Barbara you carry the camcorder, I've got the still camera in this case."

"Okay I'll take it, but wait a minute let me put this on before we head over there." Barbara produced a black balaclava and pulled it down over her head effectively hiding her blond hair and giving her a very ninja look. As they started their walk, Barbara could hear the clicking of Teresa's footwear.

"For God sakes Teresa are you wearing heels?"

"Well yes. What about it?"

"How do you expect to sneak up on anybody with the racket you're making with your shoes? What were you thinking? We're not going to some bistro for lunch. Take those off and get some other shoes." ordered Barbara.

"I don't have any other shoes with me. These will be fine. Quit worrying about shoes."

"I'm not worried about your shoes, I worried about getting caught. And it doesn't help things with you click clacking around with those heels."

"Well I'm not going bare foot so deal with it." 

Barbara just shrugged in acquiescence, knowing full well that further argument was futile. As they approached, they could see the lights were on in the office. It was around an hour after closing time. The women stealthily walked up to the building and took the position below the windows, Teresa walking on her tiptoes to minimize the sound of her shoes. Speaking in whispers they hatched their plan.

"Barbara you'll have to stand on top of these cans to get a look inside the office. When you get up there I'll hand you the camcorder."

"Why don't you climb up on the cans? It's your camcorder you should know how to work it."

"I can't get up on those cans with these heels; besides my jeans are too tight I can't raise my leg that high."

"Fine then. Help me tip these cans over so I can stand on them."

Each grabbed one can and positioned it directly under the window. Teresa went back for the third and brought it next to the makeshift platform.

"Leave that one Teresa. These two will be enough. Now help me up."

Raising a leg high at the knee, Barbara got one of her feet on the flat surface of the trashcan bottom. Barbara put one hand on Teresa's shoulder and Teresa put a steadying hand on Barbara's hip. The can teetered slightly as Barbara took the step up onto the can. Teresa's hand slipped under Barbara's derrière as she rose. It allowed Teresa took up a cheap feel unintended perhaps or perhaps not. This did not go unnoticed by Barbara. Barbara took a rocky stance atop the overturned trash cans. She got her first good look into the office. The lighting in the office was subdued, but sufficient for her to see most of the area. The rumors she had heard were true and they could not have picked a better time for some spying. All three of their nemesis, Roxanne, Maria and Kathy, were in the office. Barbara first spotted Maria lounging on the sofa. Maria was relaxing on the couch legs crossed in front of her and a drink in her hand. She was wearing a very short denim skirt with a halter top. The halter made of material similar to a red bandanna. Barbara noticed that Maria was intently watching something across the room. Barbara followed the line of Maria's gaze and saw Roxanne stretched out on the massage table. Naked save for a towel across her derrière, Roxanne was face down on the table with Kathy administering a massage. Kathy was clad in a terry cloth robe. Barbara turned and squatted to face Teresa. The can on which she was standing rattled back and forth tapping against the brick wall of the building.

"For God sakes be careful, quit making so much noise." Teresa said in a loud whisper.

"Give me the camcorder! All three of them are in there and Roxanne is getting massage from Kathy."

Teresa handed the camcorder to Barbara who very stealthily and quietly stood up from her squatting position. She hit the record button and began documenting Kathy and Roxanne. The angle wasn't perfect and Barbara had to turn as far she could to the left to get them in the frame. A minute or so had gone by when Maria rose from the couch and walked over to the massage table. She approached the front of the table near Roxanne's head. Something was said but could not be heard outside and Roxanne raised her head to receive a kiss from Maria. Kathy continued her massage and had worked her way down to Roxanne's hips. As Maria and Roxanne continued kissing, Kathy slowly removed the towel and exposed Roxanne's ample derrière. Picking up a bottle of oil, Kathy distributed a small amount on Roxanne's buttocks. Using both hands, one on each cheek, Kathy began massaging.

"Teresa this is great." whispered Barbara. "They're in there making out like the bitches in heat they are. I need to get a little further to the left to get the whole frame."

Barbara had 1 foot on each barrel top and was leaning hard on her right foot when the barrel began tipping. Barbara started struggling to keep her balance.

"Oh Shit!" Barbara said in a much too loud voice.

"Will you hush up and be quiet!" Teresa hissed.

Barbara continued to struggle for balance. The cans were banging against each other beginning to make quite a racket. Teresa tried to assist Barbara in regaining her balance and put both hands on Barbara's hips. Barbara was still slipping from one side to the other when Teresa's hand accidentally slipped down over Barbara's bottom. Teresa's thumb found its way between Barbara's nether cheeks just as Teresa pushed up to keep Barbara up right. Barbara let out a yelp as Teresa's thumb pressed against her crotch. The camcorder flew into the air as the barrels began tipping over with Barbara's feet quickly backpedaling to try and keep from falling. Barbara's struggles were of no use as the barrels flew to the left with a crash and Barbara fell backwards. Serendipity once again played a factor as Barbara descended butt first into the open top trashcan. Barbara was dazed for a second and then realized what had happened. She was stuck in the can, bent at the waist with her legs pointing straight up and her back wedged against the metal can wall. Barbara tried to pry herself from the can with her arms, but was not moving anywhere. She looked over and saw Teresa standing there dumbly.

"Teresa get over here and help me out! Hurry up!"

Teresa trotted over to the can and got her arms underneath Barbara's and began to pull. The commotion outside did not go unnoticed in the office. At the first sound of crashing trash cans Roxanne broke off with Maria and looked to the windows.

"What the hell was that?" asked Roxanne. All three women could definitely hear feminine voices in between the banging of empty metal cans.

"Sounds like someone's outside." said Maria.

"Maria, you and Kathy get out there and check it out while I get something on." ordered Roxanne.

Outside Barbara was desperately trying to extricate herself from the trashcan. Teresa made futile efforts to assist, but was of no real help. As they were struggling, a bright security light came on illuminating them fully. Both women froze for a moment.

"Teresa, come on get me out of here!"

Teresa wrapped her arms around Barbara's chest underneath her arms and lifted as hard as she could. All she succeeded in doing was to pick Barbara and the can off the ground. It was at that point they heard a door open and hurried footsteps coming toward them. Teresa released her grip around Barbara and let her drop to the ground. They can hit the ground on one edge, teetered for a moment until it slowly fell to one side with Barbara still firmly attached. Hearing the footsteps coming closer, Teresa decided that discretion was the better part of valor and beat a hasty retreat. Even though she was on her side and stuck in the can, Barbara could see Teresa's desertion.

"Teresa, Teresa get back here and help me." Barbara yelled. Teresa had just disappeared into the darkness when Barbara turned her head to see Kathy and Maria standing over her.

"Well what do we have here?" said Maria as she looked down on the figure in black jammed into the trashcan. Barbara looked up to see Maria standing over her with her strong legs, in that denim skirt, slightly apart and her arms crossed over her full chest. Next to her was Kathy Benson taking in the scene with her hands on her hips in a pose that showed a lot of attitude.

"Kathy help me get this prowler out of the barrel and show Roxanne what we've captured."

Still not knowing the identity of their captured intruder, Kathy and Maria each grabbed one arm and placed one of their feet against the rim of the barrel pulling on their prisoner and pushing on the barrel at the same time. With more than a little effort, Barbara was released from her trap. Pulled to her feet by her captors, Barbara struggled to free her arms but was held tight.

"Settle down now, you're not going anywhere. Let's pull this hood off and see who we have here." Keeping a firm grip on Barbara's arm with one hand, Maria grabbed the black balaclava and slipped it off.

"Oh my goodness it's Barbara Anderson!" Kathy mocked as Barbara's identity was revealed her blond hair cascading down over her face and shoulders. "So nice to see you again. Maria can you believe it? Barbara liked us so much she's come back for a return visit."

Barbara shook her head to get the hair out of her face. She looked defiantly at Kathy, but said nothing.

"Well, well, well Blondie we meet again. And I wonder what you are up to tonight? Was Teresa with you tonight? I thought I heard two voices. Pity she left so soon as I would love to see her again." Maria turned to Kathy. "Let's take Mrs. Anderson inside so Roxanne can see who was lurking around here."

"I'm not going anywhere with you two. Let me go. I want to get out of here." Barbara protested.

"Oh no you're not going anywhere. Trespassers will be prosecuted. Either by the law or by us. Do you really want us to call the police?" Maria said.

Barbara's struggles ceased for a moment as she thought "Prosecuted? What do they mean, prosecuted by us?"

Maria and Kathy lead Barbara into the office. Roxanne was just emerging from the bathroom fixing the tie on a bathrobe as she walked out.

"Roxanne, look who we caught snooping outside our window. And stuck in a trash can to boot." Maria crowed.

Kathy released her hold on Barbara and went back outside. Roxanne looked Barbara up and down.
