 We have had so much fun writing these stories, submitting them, and hearing your feedback. We have started posting older ones, which we wrote for each other never intending to share them with the public. This one is part of a series, please enjoy, and as always, we love to hear from you! :)

J&J

*

I was doing pretty well at making the time go by while Jack was gone. But pleasuring myself on my off days was getting a little routine and stale. Or at least repetitious. But it's not like I had nothing else to do, I was doing so well in school I surprised everyone, (myself as much as anyone else), and I was staying plenty busy. I was finishing decorating details I had abandoned years ago, catching up on scrapbooking giant boxes of photos and memories, and for the first time in years, I had some time all to myself on the days I didn't have class. You tell yourself you don't need any breaks until you get one, then you remember what you were missing. 

One morning I was taking as much time as I wanted to do everything. Breakfast, a little Wii fit, and I took a long bath by myself. I lingered over my pussy and nipples, but decided that I wasn't that horny today, I just wanted to soak and relax. I shaved and primped a little, and I decided that I was going to fix the toilet that had been making noises for a long time. So I put on shorts, a t shirt, and sandals, and went to Lowe's to grab some parts. Bed Bath and Beyond is next door, so I decided to go walk through and spend a little money. I was looking at towels, trying to imagine what went well with the other accents I had put in the bathroom, not quite seeing what I was looking for. 

Oh shit. 

Well, that wasn't expected. Okay, be cool. 

I saw her at the end of an aisle, she had a cart with some odds and ends. I carefully peeked around the corner and got another look. Okay, now I really miss Jack, he handles stressful awkward situations so much better than I do. Oh well, might as well get through this one by starting it. I turned in behind her and rolled closer.

"Teri?" I didn't need to ask, I knew it was her.

She popped her head up and turned around. 

"Jill, oh my God!!" I saw that smile that made me feel gooey the first time I saw it, like Jaime Pressly. "Um, how are you?" She was laughing.

"I'm great. How about you?"

"Me too. Wow, how's Jack?"

"He's great, but he's....gone."

"Are you guys......"

"Everything is good, he's in Afghanistan."

"Oh wow, how are you with that?"

"It's rough, but I'm doing ok." She was agape. 

Jack's return to that line of work wasn't exactly what was expected. "How about you and Alan?"

"Well, it's kind of up in the air. We moved for his work, I just moved back, I'm not sure about him or us." 

"That sucks. Are you ok?"

"Yeah, you know it was always weird, this makes it easier really."

"Really?"

"I dunno. I mostly feel stupid for waiting so long to do something."

"Was it dramatic?"

"If only. It was like he was relieved that I was leaving."

Of course it's now I realize that the black stretch pants, tennies, and pink t shirt she's wearing make her look like an aerobics instructor with a great ass and tits. Long brown hair back in a ponytail, deep brown eyes. Oh God, this is bad.

"Well I feel bad. Are you on Facebook? I live in there now, we can chat and commiserate."

"Yes, I just started, you're one of the people I wanted to find. What are you doing these days?"

"I'm in school, doing well and liking it."

"I need to do something. Life is still here."

I was trying to stay calm. This was NOT what I had expected when I stepped outside into the gorgeous September morning. She looked as good as ever. I felt myself get chills all over and my nipples tightened.

A few years ago, I had started a thing with Teri. We had become acquainted with her while we were getting our kids from school. I had talked about how great Jack was, and found out that her husband, Alan was more interested in beer and fishing and work than he was in her. I told her that even I would drop everything when I came home for the day if I knew she was waiting. We turned flirting into sex, and we surprised the hell out of Jack one afternoon by sneaking her into the house while he was in the shower, having him come upstairs to find me eating her pussy on the living room couch. We had continued to meet about once a month when her husband was busy, and it was great, but she had become less able to hide it from him, and we decided to give it a break. I saw her once before we moved and came back. Then she just wasn't at school to pick the kids up anymore. Jack and I had moved on and had other exploits, but I had often wondered about her.

We talked and shopped for a while, and walked out to the parking lot after we had checked out.

I decided I had nothing to lose. "You know you can call me any time, right?"

She inhaled, then laughed upward. "You know, I can't even go there now. Everything is upside down, life, me, it would be bad if he had a reason to turn on me."

"I know. I mean for anything, not just getting into trouble. You don't have to do this alone."

"Yeah, I just have to be careful and see what happens."

We looked at each other for a second, and we both realized that we wanted to embrace, but also that it was a little too public. She was gorgeous, and I was looking at her pouty lips. She smiled, and I went gooey inside.

"I'll message you online."

We got into our cars and left. I drove home, and I found myself remembering all kinds of details about her, and us, and Jack. I was her only release for a long time, and she had a way of bringing out the whore in me. I vaguely knew her in high school, and there had been rumors that she was into girls. This was long before I was into sex at all, male or female. I remembered that I had been surprised to learn that someone so hot and outwardly perfect was so unfulfilled with no good reason. I found out that the rumors had been greatly exaggerated, she had kissed one girl at a party, and that became the reputation. We had spent many afternoons together, sometimes just kissing, sometimes just taking naps together. We did girly things like rubbing each others' feet and doing our toes. 

I asked her if she really wanted to go further, she seemed to be holding back. She said she was afraid of what would happen if her husband found out. I told her that she could trust me, and I wouldn't ever betray her trust, I was there for whatever she needed. We still took it slow. From kissing on the couch, to kissing on the bed, to taking our shirts off, to bras, to sleeping together naked. I really enjoyed this time, it was beautiful just to be close to her, to be able to spoon each other while we slept. She was like the high school friend I could share everything with. When it finally happened, she was shaking so badly, I felt I needed to calm her down. We were kissing, and for the first time, she put her fingers in me. I looked at her, and smiled at her to reassure her, and she continued. We kissed and fingered each other for a long time before I kissed my way down her breasts and belly to her pussy. We made love for hours and over time tried everything with each other, eventually bringing Jack into the game. Our lives pulled us apart for a while, and until now, I really hadn't worried too much about it. We were both busy.

I realized that I had better concentrate while I was driving to avoid getting so distracted I drove off the road. I had plenty to do today, and I had to prepare things for cub scouts tonight. I was doing well in school because I did everything as absolutely quickly as possible, I didn't wait for deadlines, and I wanted to keep it that way. I pulled into the driveway and went to the back of the van to get my things. As I dropped the lift gate, I saw a Subaru like Teri's coming around the corner. No fucking way. I walked to the door and saw her pull up behind me in the driveway. I gave her a glance and opened the door and went inside, dropping my bags in next to the doorway. I heard her close her door and beep it locked. I turned in the doorway and saw her coming in. I felt my knees get weak.

She closed the door behind her and came to me. I pulled her in and we kissed immediately. She grabbed me so tightly I lost my balance. We kissed like teenagers in lust, licking each other and tongues entwined. She kissed my neck and down to the neckline of my shirt, and then impatiently pulled it over my head. My sports bra was in the way so she relieved me of that too. I pulled her into the living room and we lay on the couch, with me on the bottom, as she took my breast into her mouth, suckling like a hungry lover. She sucked and bit just a little, and also the other one, my nipples ached and throbbed, and as she bit it shot sparks through my body to my cunt. I pulled her shirt off as well, admiring her great c-cup tits in a black sports bra. Firm and round. I pulled her back up and we kissed some more, I slid my hands inside her pants to squeeze her ass. I was going crazy with her sucking my tits. I reached under and gave her tits a squeeze. "Mmmm God, YESSSS!" We paused and finished undressing. 

Without a word, we got on the floor, her underneath me, I turned to be able to lick her, and put my pussy over her face. I reached around her thighs and pulled them apart, I paused briefly to look at her vagina glistening in front of me, I leaned in and started licking. She grabbed my ass and pulled me into her face, and started kissing my clit, swirling her tongue around. I licked and sucked all over her, the insides of her thighs, and dove into her pussy. I licked and probed, every few seconds grinding my chin into her clit. She nibbled mine gently and I groaned into her. We both went wilder and began licking more intensely. Her pussy was so sweet and slick, I felt strings of it clinging to my chin. Her tongue teased and tickled my anus, I was going crazy. She kissed and licked it and I lost control, cumming all over. She continued to lick and suck my pussy as I shook. My whole body was burning and clenching as I collapsed onto her, clamping my mouth over her and sucking her into orgasm with me. She clenched around my ass as she came, locking me to her. 

As I came back down, I kissed the insides of her thighs and pushed myself up to face her. I asked; "So, you couldn't wait to message me then?" We both laughed. I pulled her in and we kept kissing. We made out on the floor for about thirty minutes, holding each other tightly, rolling, kissing necks, ears, breasts, entwining our legs to grind our sexes together. We started a rhythm, and I leaned back to let us grind directly. We both got ready for sex again. I stood up and took her hand. "Come with me." I led her into my bedroom, and I got into the box of toys that I hadn't used since Jack was gone. I pulled out a strap-on, and I took out the medium-sized dong I used on Jack, and put on the large one. "Do you want me to fuck you?" I asked her.

She nodded. "Please, I've needed this for a long time." I made a show of putting it on, and I held the rubber cock out in front of me, I always like how this feels, like I can fuck Jack. I stroked it like I was jacking off, and came towards her on the bed. I motioned for her to come closer, she knelt on the bed and I pulled her head towards me, she found the cock and started sucking on it, getting it sloppy wet with her saliva. I was suddenly inflamed by the image of this hot bitch kneeling in front of me, sucking my cock. This is why Jack loves to be able to see me when I blow him. After a minute, I lifter her chin to look at me. 

"Are you ready?"

"Yes."

"What do you want?"

"I want you to fuck me until I can't move."

"Are you sure?"

"Please, yes."

With that, I pulled her up and kissed her, holding her tightly. Then I eased her around in front of me on her knees, and kneaded her back and ass while I teased her with the cock, sliding it along her clit. I pulled back, as if to enter her a couple of times, and then I gave in, pushing the rubber dildo into her slowly, but all the way. The harness has a vibe, so I turned it on too, feeling it pressed hard into my clit as I slid all the way into her. I pulled her hips into me to savor us being so close. Then I gently eased out, and began driving into her with a slow rhythm, pushing in quickly and out slowly. I kneaded her ass, watching as I slid in and out of her. She relaxed on her elbows and let me fuck her. I stroked her thighs, and down to her pointed toes. She began panting out loud. I increased the speed and intensity a bit, and she enthusiastically pushed back against me in rhythm, meeting me halfway. I teased her ass with a fingertip, and reached up and grabbed a handful of her, hair, pulling her into me. I repeatedly pounded into her, relishing the feeling of power from being able to penetrate her like this. 

She paused and rolled onto her back, I readjusted and continued. She placed her feet on my shoulders, teasing my breasts. I reached down and played with her breasts, and tweaked her clit. I kissed the inside of her foot and leaned down to her mouth, feeling her tits pressed against me. I felt my orgasm swelling in me. She dug her nails into my ass, encouraging me to fuck her harder, and I did, She lifted her knees and locked her ankles behind my back. We embraced as I came in a burst of heat, I continued to pump her until she clenched with her whole body, shuddering in orgasm. I slowly subsided in loving her.

I took off the harness and we rolled together onto the bed, lying on our sides, gazing at each other. I grabbed her ass and pulled her in close, our legs entwined. "I have missed this SO MUCH." She was looking at me with glazed over eyes.

"I missed you too." I leaned in and kissed her for a minute. "I didn't think you would come here like that. I was trying, but I thought you were really going to blow me off."

"I was driving away, and I realized that I hadn't gotten laid in a long time, and there was nothing stopping me." She kissed me some more. "I'm just glad I didn't read you wrong."

"You didn't, but I was kind of making it up as I went. I didn't exactly know what I wanted to happen." I kissed her neck. "But God I'm glad you came over."

We kissed some more, and finally dragged ourselves into the shower. We took our time washing each other off and making out. We retrieved our clothes and tried to put ourselves back together. We decided to get some lunch, we went to a chain restaurant which was mostly empty and got seated alone by the window. I suddenly felt self-conscious, not wanting to be so touchy in public that it was obvious we were more than friends. 

"So, now what?" I asked her after we got our drinks.

"I have no idea. I didn't plan on this much happening."

"Well, it's just like before, right, Alan needs to be in the dark at least."

"Yes. But at least he's not living here right now. I still need to be careful."

"Well let's decide now we aren't going to get you into trouble. Can we both be that smart?"

"It should be an easy question. But I lost it today." She gave me a naughty smile.

"We both did. We just have to make sure we don't make a habit of it."

"How often do we want to do it?"

"I haven't had time to think about it. I guess neither of us have." I drank some cherry coke. "I haven't been with anyone since Jack left months ago, and I was mostly doing ok." She caught my eye. "Until today." She giggled. "Today was fantastic, but I can cool it for a while."

"I suppose I can too, now that we are dressed in daylight again. Still, I would hate to think that it would never happen again." She sucked her straw seductively.

"I won't say never. But I don't have as much free time as I used to. I would love to have an overnighter or weekend, but with school and the kids, that's not likely."

"No, I couldn't swing that either. We could do other things together in the meantime. Exercise, maybe I should go back to school."

"We can do that, but you don't want the classes I'm in. Excessively difficult with no long-term reward. But yes, I could use a running partner. And this might let us be together when....the opportunity DOES present itself."

"Deal. We can work with that. I am curious though, what can you do with Jack while he's gone?"

"Well, we have to be careful. But you know Jack, he finds a way." I pulled out my cell phone and opened it to the text messages between me and Jack. "He can send them to me over the web, so sometimes I'll get random messages telling me he misses my sweet cunt or that he had a dream about fucking me and my long-lost twin last night, stuff like that." She spurted soda out her nose and reached for a napkin. "He's not allowed to have porn, at least not out in the open, and if we talk dirty to each other or use webcams in a non-family-friendly way, we can't do it when he's on a government computer. We can chat all day, but the fun stuff like that has to happen when we're both alone and able. 

"How often is that?"

"Not often enough." We both laughed. "But it's not like the real thing. All it really does for us is make us realize how much we miss each other. And he reminds me, we are lucky. In his job, in the current war, we have technology like this. Just imagine the first Gulf War with no internet and limited phone access, or World War Two, I don't know if I could handle that kind of communication lag and waiting. He has a break in the middle, and we're making good money, I remind myself that it's temporary."

"You know how lucky you are right? Both of you? Even when I get to share you I'm jealous of both of you. And when I was with you and Jack together, it was like, I almost wished there was something wrong with you guys, but there wasn't."

"Yes, we both know, and we both tell each other all the time."

"I still feel sorry for you. At least you WISH your man was here. I think you deserve a pity fuck from ME sometime soon."

"Deal." 

We ate and exchanged information, and did in fact meet up on facebook, and kept it pretty normal. No drama or surprises for a while. Then one day I was chatting with her. 

"I'd really like to see you at home again."

"You see me at home all the time. ;)"

"You know what I mean. I really need some sexual stress relief."

"Poor baby. Is it just normal life, or is he making life difficult, or do you miss me? :)"

"Can't it be all of the above?"

"Can't I mess with you a little? Tomorrow is pretty clear. And I will make it.....more clear. :)"

"I wish it could be tonight, but I know we're both busy with kids in the morning. I've been dreaming about your pussy."

"Well, come over then, about an hour after we drop the kids off. Now you have me thinking about it too, I'm getting horny."

"Well girl, do what you have to tonight with your plastic friends, but save some for me.:)"

"Lol, I will. Kisses."

"Can't wait."

I exhaled slowly and did some calculations. 

I dropped the kids off and took my time, lighting candles, bathing, primping, shaving. I realized that I wanted to be beautiful for her, more than I do day to day. I tried to decide what to wear and then decided that I would take too long agonizing it, so I just kept my robe on. Fall was in the air and the candles made it seem cozy. 

I heard her pull up and I quickly opened the door to let her in. She looked great in tight jeans and a white blouse with her hair down, her brown eyes shining. She pushed the door closed behind her, and we pulled together for a quick kiss. 

"I'm glad you came. You look fantastic."

"So do you, you are so hot when you're wet." She pushed the robe off of my shoulders. "Mmmm. And naked. "

"If you think you're glad now, ask again in an hour." We devoured each others' mouths kissing. She rubbed all up and down my body, pausing over my shaved mound, teasing my breasts. I led her to the bedroom where we spend an hour licking and rubbing pussies, kissing from heads to the tips of our toes, and everything in between, until I was so hot I was begging her to fuck me like a depraved nympho. She used the strap-on on me this time, until I collapsed from coming. We licked each other clean and fell asleep in each others' arms. We took our time waking up and took a long bath together. 
