 Here's the second chapter of the adventures of Teri and Jean. I hope you like it, and I love to get any feedback. Maybe you have some suggestions for what they can do next? Or maybe you just want to tell me what you did while reading the story . . .

Jean was still feeling sexy and daring from her recent orgasm, as well as being emboldened by the sight of her flatmate coming in front of her.

"Oh, don't you worry about that - this is only the start. I'll let you know what you have to do, later. Right now though, why don't we keep playing our game?

"Or do you need a rest, Teri?"

Teri had stopped panting by now, but was still breathing pretty hard, and had wisps of hair plastered to her forehead by sweat.

"You might have to give me a couple of seconds," she said, grinning just a little. Her hand was covering her fanny, as if she were shy about it now she'd done it.

She managed to draw her gaze away from the bottle, still buried in Jean's cunt, and look her flatmate in the face again.

"You gonna leave that thing in there or what?" she asked.

Jean just smiled and nodded her head.

Teri grinned further and shook her head. "Well, this is NOT what I expected at all, I'm seeing a Jean I never knew existed. Hey, no, stop that - we have a game to play, and I don't think that's part of it!"

Jean had absent-mindedly started to draw the bottle back out of herself, and on hearing Teri's rather sharp words, hurriedly stood up. The bottle popped out of her fanny quickly, and she lifted it off the chair, putting it on the table instead.

"Well, you seem to know the rules so well," she said, "perhaps you'd better explain them to me?"

"Um - sure!" said Teri, not at _all_ sure. "So, we're still playing 'I've Never', but how about we do it a little bit differently now?"

"How differently?" asked Jean, suddenly wary of what she might be getting into, but at the same time, incredibly excited by the fact that she was standing there, still naked, in front of her half-nude flatmate.

Teri pulled out the chair in front of her and sat down, pulling herself in close to the table. Jean did the same, leaning forward, squashing her tits on her folded arms.

Teri began to speak again, "so, we still take turns saying 'I've Never' - _something_, but I say we don't bother with taking a drink any more."

"What would be the point of that?" queried Jean. "I mean, there's supposed to be a - what's the word? - _forfeit_ if you actually _have_ done whatever it is."

"Yeah, hang on and I'll tell you!" said Teri. "We do it the other way around. If you actually _haven't_ ever done whatever it is, you have to do the forfeit."

"Wait," interrupted Jean, "I think I know where this is going. If we haven't done it, the forfeit is to do whatever it is, right then?"

"Um, yeah," said Teri. She'd actually been thinking of something a bit different - the forfeit would just be to _promise_ to do whatever it was, later. She found Jean's idea much better, particularly with some of the things she had in mind.

Jean started to look a little worried. "Teri, I just don't know what you're going to ask me. I can't agree to that if I don't know what the thing will be."

Teri was not daunted, and really got into her stride. "Hang on, love, I _still_ hadn't finished - the other person has to do it at the same time. That way, it can't be anything _too_ extreme!"

Jean still looked a little doubtful.

"Look, I don't think anything _I_ suggest will be too much for you," said Teri, glancing pointedly at the still-glistening bottle on the table, "if it makes you feel any better, you can go first. Yeah?"

Jean had turned red again, but nodded her assent.

"OK. Yeah - this is gonna be fun, isn't it?" She grinned at her flatmate.

"I reckon it is, yeah," agreed Teri. "Come on then, let's get started. What are we gonna do first?"

Jean looked down at the table, lost in thought for a few seconds. Teri was just about to speak again when she jerked her head up, grinning madly.

"What? What is it?" asked Teri, after a short pause.

Jean responded, "I've never . . . " then dissolved into a fit of giggles. "Sorry! I've never . . . I've never peed in the front garden!"

The giggles came back with a vengeance.

Jean looked quizzically at her flatmate. "That's not completely what I had in mind, but OK, why not? I definitely need to go, that's for sure!"

She stood up, quickly pulling up her shorts and underwear.

"No, wait! I guess I need to add to that," exclaimed Jean. "I've never . . . _peed_ in the front garden . . . _naked_!" she finished.

"Ohhhhh, I see. That's more like it. Sure, I can do that. Hold on a sec," replied Teri. She pulled her shorts and underwear down again, this time letting them drop to the floor at her feet.

Her t-shirt was next, over her head to join the rest of her clothes on the floor, followed in short order by her bra.

She stood naked before her flatmate, her head cocked to one side. "Better?" she asked.

Jean simply nodded her assent, and stood up from the table. She looked Teri quickly up and down, still grinning. "Come on then," she said, walking around the table and grabbing her flatmate's hand.

Teri was a little surprised to find Jean taking the lead so strongly, but went with it nevertheless, even finding herself enjoying being told what to do.

Jean led Teri through the dining room and into the hall, stopping at the front door. She looked at Teri briefly, before turning the handle and pulling the door open.

It had been a beautiful summer's day, and was now just on dusk. It wouldn't be completely dark for at least an hour or so, but the light was definitely waning.

Their front garden was bordered on three sides by tall hedges, sheltering them from view of the neighbours and the road. The only place they could really be seen was from directly in the driveway opening.

Suddenly, Jean had let go of Teri's hand and darted across the lawn. Teri could see her, squatting down behind the hedge that ran along the road frontage.

Teri hesitated for a brief moment before running across to join her. The feeling of the cool grass on her feet, in combination with the warm summer night air across her naked body, was delightfully naughty.

She ran over and squatted down beside her flatmate, who then turned to face her.

"Turn so I can see," whispered Jean, "face me."

Teri was starting to get caught up in the adventure now, and did as she was asked. They both squatted there, with there feet close together, but their knees wide apart.

Teri was wobbling a little, unbalanced, and ended up tipping backwards, still in the same position, but with her hands out behind her.

She was tried to right herself, only for Jean to say, "No! No, stay like that - it looks good - see?"

Teri turned her head slightly to look at her flatmate. Her feet were close together, her knees wide apart in the air in front of her, her bum resting on the ground between her feet.

"Come on, then," said Jean, "you have to pee now!"

Teri hardly needed any second telling - she was absolutely busting at the moment, and started to gush out past her lips, onto the ground in front of her.

The splashing sound was enough to set Jean off too, her stream jetting out between her spread labia to land halfway between her and Teri.

Teri hadn't realised just how badly she needed to go. The relief was so great that she closed her eyes, just letting the pee flow out of her.

She opened them again as she heard the sound of her flatmate's pee change - what she saw for some reason instantly made her stop peeing mid-flow.

Jean was no longer squatting. Instead, she was on all fours, facing away from Teri. Her knees were spread, putting her pussy on show to her flatmate, even in the low light.

Her right hand was supporting the upper part of her body, keeping it off the ground. Her left hand, meanwhile, was between her legs from underneath.

Teri was astonished to see that, not only was Jean quite vigorously playing with her clit, but she was still peeing! That explained why the sound had changed - her efforts against her clit were constantly redirecting her pee, almost spraying it at times. 

"Jean!" Teri whispered, as loudly as she could. It was in vain though, her flatmate was obviously beginning to orgasm, and either couldn't hear or didn't care!

Teri watched in amazement (and she had to admit, growing excitement) as Jean's labia started to convulse with the beginning of her climax.

Teri's eyes were glued to the spot between her flatmate's legs now. The first few spasms were gentle and irregular, gradually becoming more forceful and evenly spaced over the next few seconds.

Jean's finger was almost a blur on her clit as she tipped herself over the edge and into a full-blown orgasm. Teri could see her lips (and her arsehole as well) rhythmically convulsing as she came, hard. She was still peeing as well - each time her fanny tensed up, the flow would be stopped, only for more to jet out uncontrollably as she experienced the opposite, relaxed phase of her orgasm.

Teri watched Jean's orgasm gradually subside, her labia spasming less often and with less force as it did. Soon, the peak had passed, and the last of her pee flowed gently out over her clit, dripping on to the ground between her legs.

Jean's head was bent down towards the ground, eyes closed after her exertions. Teri was still too amazed to speak or move from her half-leaning back squat.

Jean's eyes opened, looking upside-down between her legs, directly at her flatmate.

"Sorry," she whispered breathlessly, "I just got carried away!"

She moved into a cross-legged position, facing Teri.

"You want to know something?" she asked, cocking her head to one side.

Teri was still speechless, and could only nod her assent.

Jean was letting the post-orgasmic glow (and the orgasms they'd shared inside earlier) take her into unknown territory. She desperately wanted to share her innermost feelings with Teri. She began to speak.

"I love peeing! Before I ever knew what masturbation was, or what an orgasm was - even before I knew what sex was - peeing has been a huge turn-on for me. When I was younger, I used to find any excuse to pee outdoors, the more people around, the better! 

"My first orgasm was with a very full bladder. I can remember it like it was yesterday - I was playing in the woods with a friend, we were playing some sort of hide-and-seek game.

"It was my turn to hide, and I'd managed to climb up a big tree. I was sitting quite high up - maybe 15 or 20 feet - astride a big branch. My bladder was full because it was near the end of the day, and I was planning to pee in the woods on my way home, after my friend had left.

"So, I was up in this tree, absolutely busting, I don't think I'd ever had to go so badly in my life! So, I did what I normally did to try and hold it in - I squeezed my thighs together and started to rock my pelvis back and forth.

"I'd definitely got this close to peeing myself before, and would have to hold it in this way for up to a few minutes until I could go somewhere. It definitely used to feel naughty, but I'd always thought that was just because peeing outside was naughty - that's what I always used to love about it - the naughty feeling!

"Anyway, clenching my legs together while I was astride a big branch like that was quite a different feeling! I was wearing a skirt, so the slightly rough bark against the naked skin of my thighs was . . . distracting, in a very good way.

"Slowly rocking my pelvis had the effect I wanted, but not quite like normal. Very soon I'd completely forgotten my desperate need to pee - normally, it'd just let me hold off for a little while, but I'd definitely still be able to feel it.

"This time, though, that really full feeling was replaced by several things, all at once. I felt something like butterflies in my stomach, although rather than the trepidation I normally got with those, this was more like excited butterflies, like something wonderful was about to happen.

"I also got this very strong urge to keep squeezing and rocking. I felt like I had to keep doing it. I knew, deep inside, that it would lead to something, and something good, but at that moment I had nothing more than an urge to just keep going, keep going, stronger than anything else I'd ever felt before.

"So, I did keep going! Before I knew it, I'd scooted my way forward so I was right up against the trunk of the tree, sitting in the vee where the branch met the trunk. Up until this point, I'd had my hands behind me, which I think must've helped scoot me along the branch.

"Once I felt the front of my fanny rub up against the tree-trunk, though, another overwhelming urge overtook me, and I wrapped my arms as far around the trunk as I could, hugging it tight.

"This squashed me tighter against the branch and the trunk - the urge to keep going was only getting stronger, so very quickly I started to feel a new sensation. I know what it is now, but back then, it seemed like a very tickly feeling, coming both from the top of my fanny, and from deep inside my tummy somewhere too.

"The tickly feeling just kept building and building until I almost couldn't stand it - only the desire to keep going and get to whatever it was that awaited me kept me moving. Before I knew it I was pushing myself into the tree as hard as I could, feeling all tensed up until suddenly, BOOM - I was past the tickling and into an amazing feeling, like nothing I'd ever felt before.

"I instantly knew that this was the reason I had the urge to keep going - THIS was what it was all about! My fanny felt like it was spasming, and then I heard a squirting, squelching sound, and my crotch got very warm.

"I was peeing myself, and it felt incredible. Just peeing outside was something very exciting for me, but to be doing it while feeling like this? Incredible!

"It set off another wave of what I now know was an orgasm - just as this one was building to its peak, I heard my friend call out that she was going home. It was difficult to care too much about anything other than what I was doing, but I managed to call out some sort of acknowledgement, all while coming like I literally never had before.

"I stayed up that tree for another half an hour, emptying my bladder and rubbing my fanny until it was almost raw!"

Teri was just staring, open-mouthed. She was incredibly turned on by what she'djust heard, but the powers of speech had left her completely.

Jean, despite having come only a few minutes ago, was so excited by finally telling her story to someone.

"Do you want to try, Teri?" she asked gently. "It's OK if you don't, but believe me, you come so hard, you'll love it."

Teri didn't answer, just rolled over into the same all-fours position Jean had been in. She swayed there for a few minutes, transfixing Jean.

"Jean," she almost called out, "I want to go but I can't!"

Jean snapped out of her reverie. "Reach round and play with yourself, sometimes that makes it easier."

Teri did as suggested, and was soon flicking her clit from side to side, breathing heavily.

"Try now," suggested Jean again.

Again, Teri followed her suggestion, and was rewarded by a hot spray on her fingers, followed almost instantly by a violent, shuddering orgasm.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh," Teri let out a long sigh or moan, or both. Her fanny had started to spasm, making her pee jet straight out behind her when she involuntarily tensed up. She looked between her legs to see Jean kneeling very close to her, her hand a blur on her own clit as the liquid trickled down it.

Just an hour or so before, she would have been disgusted to see something like this, but now it just served to redouble her orgasm.

Meanwhile, Jean was in heaven. She delighted in the feeling of her flatmate's warm wetness on her body, rubbing it up over her stomach with one hand, while her other hand paid very close attention to her clit.

Her last orgasm in her mind, she started to come yet again. Barely aware of what she was doing, and completely driven by lust, she stood up, squatting down again and bringing her fanny into contact with her flatmate's buttock.

She immediately started to grind against it, spurring her orgasm further and deeper, until it felt like it wouldn't ever end.

She was snapped out of her lustful state by Teri's loud whisper of, "Jean!"

She opened her eyes to see Teri looking back up over her shoulder, grinning sexily.

"Don't stop, Jean!" she commanded.

Jean needed no second telling, and resumed her humping, her orgasm returning with even greater force.

Again, driven by a primeval urge, she found herself reaching her right hand down to Teri's soaking wet cunt. She bunched three fingers together and pushed them in.

Teri was still coming, and her cunt welcomed her flatmate's fingers. It was Teri's turn to find her orgasm seemingly doubling in intensity. She started to thrust back against Jean, trying to get the fingers as deep inside her as she could.

When Jean felt this, it yet again made her come harder - this time her knees gave way, and she collapsed on top of her flatmate, spread-eagling her on the grass. She made sure her fingers kept on fucking Teri, at the same time maintaining her own climax by continuing to mash her clit into Teri's arse.

It seemed like forever that they were like this, coming together on the grass, but eventually they had to stop.

Jean climbed off her lover, standing up and offering her hand (the one that was still absent-mindedly playing with her clit) to Teri.

Hand-in-hand, naked and sweaty, they walked back inside.