 I was in the store, picking up fruit. I decided to make a fruit salad to go with dinner. I was picking out a cantaloupe, and then I heard a voice, a very nice voice.

"They say the way to tell if they're fresh is to smell them." said the person, and I could see them lean against the counter. 

How many times was I going to be hit on in this store? Right now, I didn't feel like thinking about women. After dealing with my last girlfriend's bull, I was ready to take a break. I sighed and turned to see who it was this time, but looking at the face that greeted me, I decided I didn't mind being hit on today.

The girl that was talking was cute, real cute. She had the cutest face and the cutest smirk, her dimples were deep. Her eyes were a beautiful dark brown and they smiled at me as brightly as her lips, which were absolutely kissable. Her dark skin was smooth, and creamy. She was tall, about five seven or five eight. Her hair was cut close into neat Caesar that suited her nicely. Her air of confidence turned me on, and I decided to play along with her.

"Oh really? And just what is a fresh melon suppose to smell like?" I said, trying to sound nonchalant. 

"To be honest, I really don't know. It's just what I've heard," she said, and her smile widened, deepening those dimples. She was definitely my type.

"How are you going to give me advice when you don't know what the advice is?" 

"Hmm...you're right. But I tell you what, the next time I see you, I'll tell you what a melon should smell like, okay?" 

"How can you be so sure you'll see me again?" I said.

"You're too beautiful to overlook, you'll be hard to miss." I couldn't help but smile at that one.

"Well, then. I guess I'll see you later."

"I'm going home right now to learn all that I can about cantaloupes." 

"You do that." 

I thought she was adorable as she walked away from me. Once she left, I kicked myself for not getting her name or number. She was definitely one I wouldn't mind going out with. But I didn't really know the first thing about her. Well, at least we had something of a standing date. I hoped I would see her again. 

I finished shopping. I'm sure I was smiling the whole time. Then, I went to the checkout line and paid for my groceries. Just as I was about to go, I looked up and saw her. She smiled, and I smiled back, trying not to blush. She had a girl with her, I looked her over, but I had no interest in her. She was cute and all, but not like my new friend. She was something else. I walked out of the store and couldn't wait to got tell my sister about it.

I got home and started fixing dinner. My sister Jamie came downstairs, saw me cooking without asking her for help and sat at the table. 

"What are you so happy about?" she said.

"What makes you think I'm any happier than I usually am?" I asked, wondering how she knew already.

"Terry, you're cooking dinner by yourself, and humming while you do it. What happened?" she paused. "It's a girl!" she hopped up from the table.

"What?" I turned to her, trying to hide my face. I knew she'd be able to read it a mile away.

"It is a girl! Tell me!" She said, hopping up on the counter where I was chopping my newly purchased cantaloupe.

I told her about the conversation, described the girl from the store to her, and told her the whole story. 

"Cute! But how you gonna know when she's at the store again? Do you know her name?"

I just shook my head, and she looked incredulous. 

"You should have asked. If you liked her so much you should have gotten the digits!"

"I know, but I wasn't thinking. She had me a little flustered."

I couldn't believe the words coming out of my own mouth. Aisha, my last girlfriend, had put me through enough mess. I had told myself that I needed a break from the super macho stud type to get my mind off things. But this girl was different. Something about her made me want to put my hiatus on hiatus.

"So, how you gonna see her again?" Jamie asked.

"I don't know."

For the next few weeks, I shopped at only that grocery store. I made sure to go to the produce section on every visit. But, she was nowhere to be found. 

Then one day, I was picking out cookies when I saw someone walking up to me. I looked up and saw her. She was just as cute as she had been before. I smiled as she approached.

"Y'know, cookies aren't that good for you. Maybe you should get something a little healthier, maybe a cantaloupe." She said. Damn she was cute.

"You're right, but I never know which one to choose. I can't tell which one's are ripe," I said, proud of how witty I had become.

"Oh, well that's simple. Just pick one with tan skin, and when you smell it, it should smell sweet." There was that smile again and those dimples I could swim in showed themselves.

"Oh. Well, thank you. You seem to know a thing or two about melons." I said. "And to whom do I owe this wonderful piece of advice?"

"I'm Kimber, but everyone calls me Kim," she said, offering her hand.

I took her hand and shook it. "Well nice to meet you Kim. I'm Terry," Her hand was warm. I looked at her and wondered what it would feel like to kiss her. I bet it would be wonderful I thought to myself, but then she spoke and brought me back to reality.

"Listen, I hope it's not too forward of me, but would you like to get some coffee or something with me?"

"No." I said. I liked how sweet she was being, "It's not too forward, but how about dinner instead?"

She smiled. Oh, that smile.

"Sounds good. As a matter of fact, my roommate and I are having a barbeque this weekend. Would you like to come?"

"Sure. Where and when?"

"Saturday at seven." 

She gave me her address and told me that they would play volleyball and to come prepared if I wanted to play. I told her I would. I got my cookies and walked away, hoping she was watching me. I turned to smile at her and was pleased to see she hadn't moved. She was watching my ass, so I put a little extra swish in it for her.

I had come with Jamie this time, and went to go find her. She saw me smiling when I walk up and asked what was going on. I told her who I had just spoken to.

"Really? What's her name? Did you get a number? What if she asks you out?" she was a flurry of questions. "Her name is Kimber, but she told me to call her Kim. Yes I got her number. And, I'm already going to her barbeque on Saturday." I said, smiling big.

Jamie looked at me and her smile widened. 

"Ooooh! Hot mama! Who'd have thought my sister had that much game? I mean picking up girls in the grocery store!" she joked with me, but I could see she was happy about it. I couldn't wait until Saturday.

*

Saturday arrived and I was so nervous. I spent an hour deciding what I should wear. 

"You are going to a barbeque. And you're going to play volleyball." Jamie said, "Just put on some shorts and t-shirt." 

I knew it was simple to her, but I was nervous. I couldn't believe that I was so wound up over a girl I had spoken to only two times! Finally, I decided on a pair of shorts and a cute t-shirt. I pulled my hair into a pony tail and looked into the mirror. I thought I looked cute, and Jamie said I did too. 

I drove to the neighborhood and found the house quickly. Her house was nice. It fit her. I pulled into the driveway, and I could hear music coming from the yard, so I walk around the house to where I assumed the party was.

I saw her, and thought she was scrumptious. She had on some cute gym shorts and a muscle shirt. She really did have muscles. I wondered how if would feel to rub them, to feel them under my fingertips. I stopped myself from thinking that way.

She was telling her friends a joke, and they were all laughing. Then, she looked up and saw me. She the look she gave me made me feel beautiful, Aisha never looked at me like that. She walked over to me and brought me over to where everyone was. 

"Everybody, this is Terry. Terry, this is Mike, Veronica, Tee, Tanya, Vince...She introduced me to everyone and they looked at me like I was the new girlfriend. I didn't mind. I didn't hate the idea of being the new girlfriend. Besides, they all seem to like me. 

We all sat around and talked, started a volleyball game, and played around. Then her housemate, Tee, the girl she was in the store with, announced that we could start eating. Everyone lined up, grabbing plates. We sat down and I made sure to sit next to Kim, though everyone seemed to leave that spot open just for me.

"So, when did you two start dating?" the guy she called Vince said. I knew they thought I was the new girlfriend. I blushed a little.

"We're not; Terry's a friend," said Kim.

"Oh, okay. So how'd you meet?" he asked

"In the grocery store; she helped me with my melons." I said, liking everyone's reaction. "She explained to me how to pick out a ripe cantaloupe."

Everyone looked a little confused, but then I told the story of how we met, and everyone seemed to think it was cute.

The rest of the meal went as would be expected. Everyone talked and laughed and joked. I got to know all of her friends. I liked Tee and her girlfriend Tanya, they looked happy together. Everyone seemed to be paired off. Tee with Tanya, Mike with Veronica, Vince with Lisa, everyone seemed to be with someone, leaving Kim and I, but I think they had paired us together already. Everyone looked at us like we were two high school kids. I guess we were grinning at each other just a bit more than everyone else, and we were looking at each other just a little differently than we did everyone else. So I guess their opinions were justified. The thought made me smile.

Later we sat and talked over drinks. Everyone told stories. I was sitting next to Kim, and I leaned over to put my head on her shoulder. She put her arm around me, and I snuggled closer. It felt good to be in her arms. I noticed that her friends gave us little "awwww" looks, but didn't say anything. I didn't mind.

Everyone was leaving, giving me, "nice to meet yous," I smiled and hugged all of them. They were such nice people. I made sure to lag behind a bit so that I could get Kim to myself. When I got up to leave, Kim stood to walk me to my car.

"I had a great time tonight." I said. I really had.

"Good. I had a great time, too." She was adorable just then. "Can I see you again?" See? Adorable.

"Yes, I'd like that." I smiled, suddenly becoming aware of how close she was to me.

"Can I kiss you?" she asked. I thought, hell yeah! But I remained calm

"Yes, I'd like that, too."

She leaned in, and I picked my head up to meet her lips. The kiss was wonderful. She pressed me up against car, and I wanted to wrap my legs around her and pull her into me. She was really getting me worked up. She licked my lips and I opened them for her. She let out a little moan and held me. My head was spinning. Then she broke the kiss, and we were both breathing hard. She gave me one last kiss and backed away. I wished she hadn't, but I opened my car door anyway. 

"Bye. Drive safe." She said. It touched me a little that she cared if I was safe or not.

"I will. Goodnight." I said, and drove off. I looked in my rear view mirror at her standing there and shuddered. She was getting to me, I could tell all ready.

*

I got home, and Jamie was sitting on the couch. She heard my key in the door and I could hear her feet as she ran to open it for me. I opened the door and was hit with questions.

"How was it? Did you have fun? Are you gonna see her again? Did you kiss her?" I looked at her and laughed. I was always just as excited to hear about her dates, and it amused me how alike we were.

"It was wonderful. I had a terrific time. She asked if she could see me again, but I don't know when she'll call, and yes I did kiss her." I said, plopping down on the couch.

"Oh, Terry! Tell me everything." She jumped on the couch next to me.

I told her everything, just as she requested. When I finished the story, she had one more question.

"Okay, so how was the kiss?"

I closed my eyes remembering it. "It was wonderful. It was so soft, but strong too. She had my head spinning." I looked at her and recognized the look on her face. It was worry.

"Jamie, don't worry about me. I'll be fine."

"I just don't want you to get too deep too fast. I remember all that stuff you had to deal with when you where with Aisha. I don't want to see you cry again." She was so caring when she wanted to be.

"I'm not too deep, and it's not too fast. I just like her, that's all."

"Yeah...you just watch yourself, okay?" 

"I will." 

With that, she was back to her happy self. She had a date too, and I wanted to know about it. She had finally gotten her crush, James, to pay attention. She happily retold the story as I came at her with just as many questions as she had for me. Then, we went to bed. The whole time I laid there in my room, all I could think about was Kim.

*

The next morning, I was a little distracted. I didn't even go to church. I decided that I should clean. That would take my mind off that chocolaty stud that was flying around my head. I wondered if she would call today. I wondered what I would say when and if she did. I wondered what she was doing at that moment, and the moment after that, and the moment after that. I had to stop myself. Was I going too fast like Jamie said? I had to stop worrying about it. If she called, good. If she didn't, I would still be breathing, right?

I worked in the garden to get my mind off of her and cooked dinner. After dinner, Jamie and I were sitting around watching TV, and the phone rang. I normally don't even answer the phone. All of the calls were for Jamie anyway. I swear she and her friends can talk like there was no tomorrow. So, when she bolted to the phone, I didn't even move, expecting it to Danielle, or Stephanie, or whoever. 

"Hello?" she said.

"Fine..." she said. The way she said it made me look up. Who was on the phone?

Then her posture changed and she looked a little combative; I thought it was Aisha. "Who's calling?" she asked, her voice a little harsh. It must have been Aisha. But, then she softened and looked at me smiling.

"Oh! Kim! Just a minute!" She turned and held the phone to me.

"Terry, it's Kim." She said, and I hopped up from the couch. I grabbed the phone. I took a breath and calmed myself down before speaking.

"Kim?"

"Hi, Terry." Her voice washed over me, and I shivered. 

"Hi, how are you?"

"Good..." There was a moment when neither of us said anything. I was nervous and I didn't know what to say. Then she saved me the trouble and started talking.

"I had a wonderful time Saturday, and I was wondering if you'd like to go out with me this Friday...that is if you aren't busy." she sounded nervous.

"Oh no, I'm not busy," I spat out, kicking myself for how quickly I answered. I didn't want to sound desperate or needy.

"Good. What time should I pick you up?" From the sound of her voice, I knew she was smiling. I thought of that smile, those dimples, I loved that smile.

"Seven?" 

"Great. I'll see you then." 

I gave her my address and instructions to the house. She told me she would see me on Friday, and ended the conversation. I hung up the phone and turned to Jamie who was beaming.

"So, you got a date, huh?" she said.

"Yes. I have a date." I said, unable to hide the smile on my face.

She teased me a bit, and laughed at how excited I was, then we when back to watching TV, but I didn't see anymore of the show on the screen. All I was seeing was Kim.

*

That whole week, all I could think about was it coming to an end. I wanted Friday to hurry its pace because it seemed like time was inching along. I showed a few houses that week, the whole time thinking about Kim. I had to get myself under control.

Friday finally came, and I was excited the whole day. I was in a hurry to get done with work so I could get home to get ready.

I went home, and hopped in the shower. I did my hair and moisturized my skin. I primped and preened, wanting her to like the way I looked. Once again, I spent a good deal time thinking about what I should wear but decided to wear the dress I had originally planned on. It was a white sun dress. I thought it complimented my figure nicely. I let my hair hang in soft curls and applied just a little makeup.

Was just putting on my earrings when the doorbell rang. Jamie bolted up the stairs, "I'll leave you two alone." she giggled on her way up.

I opened the door, and liked what I saw. She was so sexy, I had to catch my breath. She smiled and gave me a single long stem rose. I was touched by the gesture. 

"Would you like to step inside for a second?" I asked, intending to put the rose in a bud vase.

She smiled and stepped inside while I went into the kitchen to attend to the rose. I heard talking and wondered who it could be. Jamie had left, hadn't she? So, after setting the rose in the window seal, I walk out. Jamie was there, looking at Kim like she was inspecting a new car or something. She gave Kim a look of approval, and I decided that I should say something because Kim looked a little uncomfortable.

"I see that you met Jamie," I said, and Kim turned to look at me.

"Yeah...you two must be sisters," she said.

"Yes." I said, then realized that introductions were in order, "Jamie, this is Kim. Kim, this is Jamie."

"Hi, Kim," said Jamie, and I could see the mischievous little smile on her face. I decided I should take Kim before I found out what that look meant.

"We should be going." I said, bringing Kim with me. 

"Nice to meet you, Jamie," she called over her shoulder, then we were out the door.

We got to the care, and she opened my door for me. I thought it was sweet. She told me were going to eat, and I hoped she wasn't taking me to some hole in the wall. Turns out it was a nice restaurant, and apparently popular because when we walked in, I couldn't see any available tables. But, Kim had made a reservation, and we were seated in minutes. We were chatting idly and she surprised me with one of her questions.

"So, what do you do for a living?" The thing that surprised me was that most girls didn't ask me that. I usually date the studly type and they never have any interest in my career. They were more concerned with telling me what they did, and how much money they could offer me, but that didn't impress me. I had a job of my own.

"I'm a real estate agent," I told her, and by the look on her face, she hadn't expected that answer, but I didn't ask what she thought I would say.

"I'm an accountant for Murphy and Jenkins law firm." she said. That surprised me. She didn't seem like a number cruncher.

"Interesting." I said, because it was.

The whole night, we chatted and laughed. She was charming and witty, smart and conversational. And she had a smile on her face the whole way through dinner. When she looked at me with those beautiful brown eyes and that gorgeous smile, I just wanted to jump over the table at her. But I knew I couldn't. Still, I knew, or at least hoped that she was thinking some of the same things. The way she looked at me told me so. 

We were still talking and laughing when the waiter came and asked if we wanted our check. She looked at her watch and told me it was past midnight. I couldn't believe we had talked for so long. 

The waiter came back with our check. I didn't want her to have to pay for it all; I had eaten, too. Plus, I didn't want her to think I was some gold digger after her money. I did well for myself. But she quickly told me to put my money away.

"This is a date, right? And I'm the one who asked you out, so I'm going to pay," she said, her hand on mine. I put my wallet away.

When we left the restaurant and were walking to the car, I felt a little bold, so I locked her arm with mine. She smiled down at me, but moved her arm away. Then she brought it around my waist, pulling me closer to her. I had no objections and just got as close to her as I could. 
