 Tess was leaning against the washbasin while Claire was setting on the toilet. Neither had felt the need to talk since they left the bedroom a few minutes earlier. Tess walked over to the shower and turned it on to medium hot and let it run. She moved over to the under-sink cabinet, knelt down and removed a light blue plastic bag. It was fat and fluffy like a small pillow. Claire was watching her out of the corner of her eye.

Tess ripped the plastic bag open and to Claire's relief, Tess stood there looking at her with a very large natural sponge. "I found this at a little shop in town right after I decided I wanted to be with you and I just knew it would come in handy."

"What do you mean, when you decided you wanted to be with me" Claire asked.

Tess smiled at Claire, "When you knocked on the door that first day silly. I think I bought this the next day." 

Tess walked over to the shower and stepped inside. For a dormitory shower it was quite spacious. "You going to set there all day or you going to let me give you a bath?" Tess was standing under to showerhead with her back to the wall. Her cock was still at half-mast, sort of pointing out but with a significant droop near the center allowing the massive head the point downward. 

Claire took some toilet paper, wiped herself and started to laugh and she stepped into the shower and put her arms around Tess and kissed one of her breasts.

"What are you laughing about?" Tess asked

"You sure you want to know?" Claire replied.

Tess ran her hands up Claire's back and then down her spine, between her ass cheeks and finally cupping and squeezing her ass cheeks. "Why would I not want to know?"

"We just spent the last couple of hours fucking. I'm covered with cum, my hair is matted to the side of my face, I'm slimy with sweat and I had you penis in my mouth for a good half hour." Clair said and looked up into Tess's eyes. "I was just worried about wiping off good after pissing before I got in the shower with you."

"Well," Tess thought about it a bit then said, "I appreciate the effort." She smiled and said, " I would like to bathe you. I'll do all the work and you just stand there. Can you do that."

"What could I have to loose?" Claire was smiling but seriously she was thinking just that. After what just occurred in her bed, there was not much left that could we worse.

Tess poured liquid soap on her new sponge and worked up a good lather. "Come here." She said and Claire moved close to her. Tess brought the sponge to Claire's neck and up along her cheek. "Close you eyes." She whispered. 

Tess proceeded to thoroughly but gently wash her face removing all evidence of their lovemaking. From there she washed her shoulders, arms, chest and stomach. She pulled here under the spray and let the soap rinse from her body.

Tess knelt, raised Claire's right leg and began to wash it. She scrubbed feet, toes, calves and thighs on both legs. When she had rinsed and added more soap to her sponge, she knelt again. This time she brought the sponge to Claire's mound and began to gently stroke up and down along her most private parts. When she was thoroughly soaped, Tess turned her to the side and repeated the soaping to her entire backside.

Once that was done she stood and held out the sponge for Claire. "Hold this." She said. "I think there are a few tight places my big fat sponge couldn't reach. I'll have to use my fingers. Do you mind?" Tess was looking into Claire's eyes and smiling.

"Be my guest but if you are thinking about getting me aroused again after what we just did, I'm afraid you're going to fail. I don't think I could make it to the bed under my own power.

Tess turned Clair sidewise and placed one hand on Claire's chest between here breasts. Her other hand landed in the center of her back between her shoulder blades. She began to move her fingers as if she was giving a massage, slowly across her back, across her chest. Back and forth and ever lower covering every inch of her. When she finally reached Claire's mound and round little rump she began to rub the soapy fingers of her right hand along her labia caressing her folds and gently circling her clit. When she applied pressure to her little pearl she could feel Claire tense up and when she held it there a little too long, Claire would begin to make a barely detectable thrusting motion.

At the same time, she had allowed her left hand to explore her small round globe like butt. Letting her middle finger split her crack sliding from her waist and letting the fingers of both hands meet between her legs. 

Slowly Tess began to push a finger into Claire's vagina and let one finger circle her anus, gently caressing her, Claire felt herself start to sway, to hump Tess's fingers. As she moved forward, Tess's finger would penetrate her vagina then she would move backwards and Tess's other finger would slid into her anus. She laid her head on Tess's chest and moaned, her mouth accepting Tess's breast. Sucking it into her mouth.

As she rocked, Tess began to push her fingers deeper into Claire. A finger was now fully imbedded, one each in her vagina and anus. Pushing together towards each other. Tess could feel her fingers run together separated only by a thin layer of skin and muscle. Claire's little ass began to vibrate; her pussy and anus were squeezing Tess's fingers. She was holding on to Tess. Her arms wrapped around her neck. "Raise your leg." Tess said

Claire was breathing heavy, panting. She lifted her left leg letting her foot settle on her right knee for stability. "Turn your leg out. Open yourself up." Tess was instructing.

Tess pushed a second finger into her vagina and began stroking again. Then she added a second finger to the opening of Claire's ass. As she pushed into her, Claire sucked in her breath and pulled her ass away from the invaders but was met with stronger thrusts into her vagina. Tess literally used her fingers in Claire's vagina to push her back onto the anal attackers. 

Claire was sensing the onset of yet another orgasm as Tess shoved a third finger into her vagina. Claire's humping became faster, more erratic. When she felt a third finger attempting to assault her bottom she tried to protest. "No please Tess, I've never done that, ever. It's too much." Then Claire gasped as the third finger was shoved entirely into her butt. The pain was intense but just as the pain was at it's most extreme, Tess's rapid stimulation to her vagina took over and the shuttering from deep inside here begin to rise.

Claire was thrusting her hips onto Tess's fingers then ramming her ass backwards onto more fingers. Her leg was weakening. She was sure she would fall. She had no idea what was keeping her upright. She started to vibrate her ass and her juices started flowing over Tess's fingers. She went temporarily blind and thought she had stopped breathing. She just kept shoving her cunt and her ass onto and off of Tess's invading fingers.

Claire didn't remember leaning against the shower wall or Tess using the hand held showerhead to clean her up. She had no memory of being led from the shower or standing as Tess dried her body or dressed her in fresh pajamas. Her first vague return to consciousness was when she was lifted up and carried and laid on her bed, covered, kissed goodnight. Tess whispered in her ear. "Remember sweetie, I never fail and you will never have to worry about making you way to bed on your own.