 It must have been an hour before the bathroom door opened and Claire emerged all clean and sweet smelling. Tess only observed this from a slit of an eye. Claire gathered up clean clothes and retreated back into the bathroom. 

When she once again appeared, she was dressed. She wore those tight jeans and a tee that Tess liked so much. She quickly made the bed, threw her backpack over her shoulder and opened the dorm room door. There was a pause and Tess opened an eye just enough to see Claire look back before closing the door.

It was around 1:00 PM when Tess awoke. Here first thought was that she had missed a day of classes then she shrugged her shoulders, it had been well worth it. Her eyes were coming into focus when Claire spoke. "I thought you might sleep all day."

Tess looked at her. She was setting on the edge of her bed. "What are you doing home?"

"I couldn't concentrate so I left class and came home." Claire said.

"What are you doing now, setting there?" Tess asked.

"Watching you sleep." Claire said

"My fault I suppose, your not being able to concentrate in class?" Tess said

'"All your fault." Claire said

"I'm sorry, really." Tess replied.

"Don't be. Won't make any difference and somehow I doubt your sincerity on that point." Clair said. "You staying in all day?"

"I think I might. Just lay here till my head clears some." Tess said.

Clair stood up and turned around facing her bed. She undid her belt and pulled her tee out of the waste-band of her jeans. Crossing her arms she pulled it over her head and dropped it. Using her feet she pried her tennis shoes off. She slipped her sport bra over her head and tossed it on her bed. Then she held the top of her tight jeans and wiggled her ass to help them slide down her legs. Turning she sat on her bed and tugged the pants legs over her feet and she laid them on the bed beside her.

All this time Tess was lying there on her side watching.

Claire rolled the white cotton sport socks off of her feet and for a moment she just sat there and rubbed her toes.

Claire stood and in a surprising move walked to the wall by the door and switched off the lights. She then walked to Tess's bedside. Hooking her thumbs in her panties she looked at Tess and asked. "On or off?"

"Off." Tess said.

Claire slowly pulled her panties over her hips and down her thighs. Releasing them, they fell to the floor and she kicked them aside. She set down on Tess's bed, laid down on her side with her back to Tess. She scooted back into Tess so they were in the classic spooning position. 

Tess ran her hand over Claire's shoulder, down her arm, over her thigh and down her leg as far as she could reach and then made the return trip savoring all the softness and smoothness of her new lover. "Are you going to be my lover Claire?"

'I want to be." Claire whispered

"Nothing stopping you." Tess said

"One thing is." Claire returned

"What, I'll fix it, I promises." Tess said

Claire turned her head as far as she could to meet Tess's face. "You're over dressed." Claire smiled at Tess and Tess leaned in to kiss he slow and sensually. 

Tess pulled her tee off and tossed it to the end of the bed and pealed off her shorts and sent them the same direction. Once undressed, they found their way back into their spoon and lay there for more than an hour. Not talking, not really touching. Claire just curled into Tess's arms and Tess just letting here right hand wear a trail up and down Claire's body. Slowly, gently stroking her side from her cheek to her thigh and back.

At some point Tess put her hand on Clair's shoulder and with the slightest pressure, rolled her to her stomach. Claire, without saying a word, raised her head to meet Tess's mouth and kissed her. When she had finished, she laid her head back on the bed facing away from Tess. Then she closed her eyes.

Tess leaned over and moved Claire's hair off of her neck. She kissed her there and down her spine, across her shoulders, her ribs, and down her lower back. She then reversed direction and kissed Claire all the way back up to her long slender neck. The next trip she made with her kisses she spent an extended period admiring her small round ass. She kissed Claire all over her ass and then when no spot had went untouched, Tess gently spread her ass cheeks and kissed her small brown anus. The first time her lips touched the little round sphere she felt Claire tense and her tight ring puckered but Tess slid her hand up Claire's back rubbing her, massaging her, helping her relax.

Tess pressed her lips to Clare's anus again and there was no jerk, no tension in Claire's back muscles, no resistance. Tess continued to kiss Claire all along her butt crack, lingering around her forbidden treasure on each pass. It only took a few minutes before Claire was slowly and barely noticeably rocking her hips. When Tess kissed her ring Claire would arch her back. When Tess pushed the tip of her tongue inside for the first time Claire moaned and began to slowly roll her ass sideways, seemingly to help Tess's tongue slide further into her. Tess eventually moved on, leaving the tight little butt, gliding down Claire's legs. Kissing every inch of her again and again.

Clair would allow a small moan to escape her lips from time to time. Other than that she never moved. Tess finally began to push Claire's legs wide apart, bending them at the knees, pushing them high up on the bed. The farther she pushed them open, the more Claire was forced to arch her back to accommodate Tess's silent demands. Her actions left Claire completely exposed and available to Tess. She brought her lips back to Claire's anus and kissed it firmly and wiggled her tongue against her opening. She then let her lips travel down to the heart of Claire's sex. She ran her tongue up and down Claire's now puffy slit. She went even lower kissing her exposed pearl, flicking her tongue across it. Claire was moving her ass more now, more obvious, more sporadic, more intent on helping Tess pleasure her. Tess was back to Claire's sex now and licking it with energy. Pressing her tongue into her, attempting to fuck her with it. 

Claire's ass began to rise and fall with each invasion of Tess's tongue into her vagina. She was moaning with every stroke of Tess's tongue.

"Tess, I'm going to cum, I'm going to climax Tess." Claire was gritting her teeth and wagging her head from side to side.

Tess pressed her mouth to Claire's pussy, spreading her lips wide apart, forcing her tongue deep inside her. She was wiggling her tongue, making small circles inside of Claire when she tensed and arched her back shoving her cunt onto Tess's mouth. She was groaning and her ass was vibrating and twitching and began to roll in a circle. Tess was lapping Claire's juices that were flowing out of her pussy and down both legs and across Tess's face.

In keeping with her style of dealing with climaxes, when Claire's orgasm started to subside and she began to slow the pumping of her hips, Tess kept her tongue buried deep inside Claire letting her enjoy every possible pleasure before finally withdrawing. 

Tess pulled herself up where she was resting on her knees. She ran her hands up Claire's long slim back then leaned in and kissed Claire on her cheek. She tugged a pillow for under Claire's head. "I need this more than you do."

Tess put her left hand under Claire's stomach and lifted her up. She slid the pillow under her. When she scooted forward her huge cock landed right on Claire's little brown anus and she flinched once again. Tess laughed. "I thing I need one more and reached for a small pillow from ones piled in the corner of her bed. Once again she lifted Claire and slid the second pillow under her.

Tess leaned in again and her cock touched Claire's sex. "Perfect." She said. Tess leaned in and kissed Claire behind her left ear. I have tried to be very gentle and loving to you because you deserve that kind of treatment. Was I successful?" Tess asked 

"You were wonderful. I had a fantastic orgasm. I didn't thing you would be into oral." Claire said.

"Well now you know." Tess said. But now I really need to set the old Tess free for a bit. Do you think that would be alright?"

"I didn't get a chance to tell you. I planned to tell you when you first woke up. I have decided that I am yours. I will be yours. You can do with be as you please. All I ask is that, in your own way, you love me." Claire said it without fanfare, like she might as well been ordering a hotdog from a street vender. 

"I'm going to fuck you now. I'm going to fuck you, shall we say, with enthusiasm." Tess reached down one hand at a time and adjusted Claire's legs, pushing them farther apart. She took her cock in her right hand and began to rub it along Claire's slit collecting her remaining juices, coating her cock.

Claire pulled her hands to the head of the bed and took hold of the corner post with her right hand and lacking another option, gathered up a hand full of bed coverings with the other and braced herself.

Tess placed her cock at Claire's sex and leaned in to force in the purple knob. Clair arched her back and lifted her ass, as if inviting Tess to take her. The following sensation of ten inches of fat cock being shoved into her in a single stroke was, even though expected, as painful as anything Claire could remember experiencing.

Claire gasped and shook her head and felt tears starting once again, her ass however remained arched and open for Tess and she had promised.

Tess pulled her cock back to the tip and repeated the assault on Claire's pussy. Pulling out to the knob and shoving it back in till her mound smacked against Claire's ass cheeks. Tess found a rhythm, a steady in and out, making a full round trip about every second and a half. No mercy, no hesitation, no waiting for Claire to adjust. Tess pumped her cock into her new lover with energetic abandon. Now, when her cock went as deep as she could shove it, she would thrust her hips forward slamming against Claire's ass extracting a groan of pain and the immediate and complete withdrawal producing an equally loud and pronounced moan of pleasure. Claire was working her ass up and down now with every stroke. Painful gasps and pleasurable sighs were running together. She was gasping for air, flopping her arms and shaking the headboard refusing to give way. 

When her orgasm started, Tess sensed it. Claire's juices stared to flow, coating her cock, making her ongoing long thrusts only slightly less painful. Tess never slowed, never withheld, but continued to give Claire all she had. 

Claire was gasping now with her head pulled back trying to bend herself backwards. Her legs flew out sideways putting herself in a sort of splits. Her ass continued to rise and fall to meet every thrust from Tess's cock. 

Only when her internal earthquake started to subside, when the after shock tremors were coming less often did Tess finally slow her assault. Gradually she eased the speed of her thrusts and reduced the depth of penetration. Eventually she stopped and lay on Claire's back and suck on her slender neck with her meat still buried in her lover.

"I need to pee." Claire spoke so softly that, at first, Tess wasn't sure it was her talking. 

Tess placed one more kiss on Claire's neck and rolled off of her, patted her little round ass and said. "Go."  

When Claire returned from the bathroom, she lay down next to Tess and kissed her mouth. "You didn't cum." 

"Are you leaving?" Tess asked

Claire laughed. "How could I leave, I can hardly walk." 

"Then there is still time." Tess said

"OK" Claire said and laid back and smiled at Tess.

Tess set up in the bed, took hold of Claire around the waste and flipped her onto her stomach once again.

Clair picked up the pillows and handed them back to Tess.

Tess tossed the small one back on the bed. An act that did not go unnoticed by Claire. Tess lifted Clair, put the pillow under her and leaned down so her cock rested against Claire's anal sphere. Her mouth was against Claire's ear. "I'm going to fuck you now. I'm going to fuck you till I cum. I suppose I should apologize in advance."

"I'll try real hard Tess, I promise. I'll try to please you, I will. I'm just afraid Tess." Claire was openly frightened even though she had an idea things could go just this way at some point.

Tess reached to the nightstand and removed a small bottle. She opened it and squeezed a fair amount of liquid lubricant onto Claire's ass ring and another portion onto her cock and spread it along the entire length. With her fingers well lubed, she ran a finger around her brown opening and then pushed one finger into her. She grunted as it sank to its full length. Tess worked it a few moments then inserted a second finger and pushed them in to the hilt. 

Claire tried to stay quiet, tried to steady her breathing and relax the tight muscle of her anus. Tess's fingers were being removed, being pulled from her. She held her breath and tried not to cry. 

Tess leaned into her ear, kissed it, ran her tongue inside of it. "You can yell if you want. It's all right. I would understand. You can cry if you want." She kissed here again and started to pull away but stopped. She leaned over again and said. Did you ever have a puppy Claire?

Claire was caught off guard. "What?"

"Did you ever have a puppy?" She asked again

"Yes" Claire said.

"What was its name? Tess asked.

"Rainbow." She said. Then she added. "It had like five different color stripes on it."

'Rainbow it is." Tess said. 

"Why" Claire asked.

Tess turned her face to meet hers and kissed her a long, soft and gentle, loving kiss. When it ended she lingered, not wanting their lips to part. "That's your SAFE word. You say that at any time and everything stops. I love you and I would never hurt you."

Claire smiled. "Rainbow." She said. "I have a safe word. Thank you Tess." Claire then grabbed a wad of bedding in each hand and squeezed. She pressed her forehead into a pillow. She arched her ass, lifting it up. Offering it to Tess and then she spread he legs a wide a she could. "Make love to me Tess. I want to please you."

Tess smiled, aimed her cock at Claire's anal treasure and pressed it into her. Her big purple head slipped inside Claire's ass on the third try but there wasn't a sound from Claire. Tess wanted to let her adjust to this invasion for a minute but Claire began rocking her hips urging the big cock to explore her further. Tess obliged.

Tess settled into a smooth rhythm, shoving into her ass and pulling out until the tight sphere grabbed the head of her cock and held on, refusing to let it leave. Then she would shove back in gauging what ground she was gaining, if any. On the next thrust she guessed Claire was taking half her length and she began in earnest to fill her ass completely. As she withdrew as far as possible she arched her back for leverage and rammed her cock forward. It slid into her nearly 7" and Claire grunted and her hands twisted into the blanket and her head snapped backwards. 

Tess let her right hand begin rubbing Claire's long back massaging her shoulder muscles and she could feel Claire relax some. Tess began pulling her cock from Claire and when the head caught on her anal ring she rammed it back home. Claire had 8" of cock up her ass and moaned and shuddered and sobbed out loud. 

Claire resumed lifting her ass onto Tess's cock, urging her assault forward.

Tess pulled her cock back slowly and then took the bottle of lube and squeezed more liquid along the length of her cock then she placed her hands on Claire's hips, held her and shoved into her. She felt Claire's ass hit against her legs. When she looked down her length was buried in Claire's ass.

Claire was shaking her head and breathing, gasping for air. For the first time Clare was squirming forward trying to pull herself off of Tess's cock. Trying to relieve the pain and the pressure, She was crying, sobbing, talking to herself but she remained planted in front of her lover and allowed her to continue her anal abuse. 

Tess reveled in the realization that she was in Claire as far as anyone would ever go. Claire was still there willing to serve her, willing to please her. Tess proceeded to avail herself of that offer. She began steady long full strokes in and out of Claire and with each one Claire moaned and grunted and sobbed and all the time rocked her ass on Tess's cock. 

Tess gradually increased her speed and thrust. Using Claire's ass completely. Stroke after stroke brought moans and sobs and Claire's hips rising to meet her. Tess slid a hand under Claire and began a steady assault on her clit. Tess fucked her and teased her cunt and slammed into her and made her grunt and cuss out loud. Claire was trying to hold back but she was about to cum again. She couldn't stop it.

Tess humped her ass with a vengeance. Slamming into her, pressing onto her clit so hard it made Claire's ass ride even higher. Claire was filling her hand with her juices and Tess's time was nearing as well.

Claire road her orgasm like a tidal wave. Her breathing was nonexistent; she was smacking her head into the wall. She was crying from pain and euphoria and shame. She hated what she had become. She loved what she had become. She screamed a final surrender to all things sex, to huge cocks and the girls that knew how to use them.

Claire collapsed into the bed; her only remaining ability short of passing out was to keep her ass raised to her lover. Tess was still pounding it into her and dragging it out of here and she would never want to decide which was more pleasurable.

When Tess made her final retreat, Claire shoved back trying to prevent the removal of the big cock from her ass, but she failed, feeling her ring submit and release her captor. 

Tess stood and turned Claire to the side of the bed, and Claire knew. She wiggled herself into position. Dropping her head over the edge, forcing her head backwards. She opened her mouth and took her soiled lovers cock into her mouth. Tess slowly entered her, doing so in a single trip. Never doubting that Claire would accept all of her, letting her get on with the fucking she needed to do, to get to the release she so dearly needed. 

Tess pumped her cock into Claire's throat. Quickly and with a purpose, Tess fed cock to her lover at a blazing pace. Breath, swallow, gasp, repeat. 

Tess felt her climax start in her belly and rise to meet her lover's mouth at light speed. She could feel Claire's throat working to consume her seed. With every pulse another huge gob of warm cum filled Claire's mouth and she struggled valiantly to save every drop.

When she was finally spent she stood with her knees against the bed to steady herself, her lover prone and exhausted. Her cock was still well imbedded in Claire's mouth, softening and deflating with every breath. 

When her cock eventually dropped from Claire's mouth, she turned her lover onto the bed and lay down beside her.

"How many? Asked Claire.

Tess laughed. "Can you believe it? The first time I forgot to count." Tess hugged her and said, "Guess we'll just have to start over."

Claire wrapped her arms around Tess like she was there for the night. "Rainbow." Claire said.