 Welcome back, readers. I hope you enjoyed the first three instalments of my travel story, where I went to Thailand and gradually (or not so gradually) lost my inhibitions. I gave in to temptation, experimenting with things sexually I'd never done in America. I'd fucked an Aussie in a public place, had a dalliance with an older Thai masseuse and I'd even fucked a guy. All of these experiences had been enjoyable, whether or not they'd be repeated. This chapter is actually more of a tale related to me, from a woman about her own experimentation. As you'll notice from the category, it's a lesbian tale, so after an intro the main tale is told by her. Enjoy...

*****

'OK, fine, but then you have to tell me a story about you that's personal. OK?'

'OK I promise!'

'Fine. I'll begin.'

Megan cleared her throat dramatically. I was in Pataya. It had been about a fortnight since I'd hooked up with her in Bangkok. Since then, I'd fucked a local masseuse in a parlor and a feminine gay guy from Sweden in my hostel. A lot of water under the bridge for such a small amount of time.

Anyway, I'd made my way over to Pataya looking for a good time. I hadn't got laid for a while, although I wasn't so bothered by it, but I was looking for more.

Luckily enough, I bumped into Megan. This wasn't so much of a coincidence. I'd gone to the most fun looking party hostel in Pataya and these hostels were like a circuit with the same old faces circling around. It's kinda like a club I guess. There are only so many people in southeast Asia and if you're doing the hostel thing, you'll probably bump into those you shared drunken nights and one night stands with on several occasions. 

I thought, brilliant, this will be great, I can have her! Now, I know what you're thinking. This is supposed to be a lesbian story. And it is. How it became a girl on girl tale though is not quite as straightforward.

So there I was, sat in a bar with the guys from the hostel. There was me, Megan, a couple of dudes from Washington, a British couple, a trio of Kiwi 30 something women and a young black chick from Dallas. The black chick was hot... beautiful big ass and thighs, massive breasts, lips that were made for sucking cock, beautiful piercing eyes and a radiant smile. She was scantily clad, as we all were in that climate, meaning that I could see her ample curves. Her skin was smooth and I could smell her freshly washed hair clearly. Coconut oil. Just divine. If I weren't so sure that I'd get into Megan's panties I'd be so interested.

She introduced herself to me as Chloe. She was 24, and her voice was a sexy, smoky Texan one. She had eyes that burned with erotic passion, searing into you as you talked to her. I realized that I was getting hard when we spoke. There was one odd moment though... her hand was resting on Megan's thigh. I guess girls are friendly with each other in a tactile way more than guys but still, that was over familiar. In fact, I would be safe to say that I got a little jealous the way the two of them had a great vibe. They were always giggling together, whispering in each other's ears, all that kinda stuff. I would have taken either one of them but instead they were paying more attention to the other than me.

Anyway, the night was long and drunk. Things became hazy. There was a point I got to where I was pissed and wanted to get things moving with Megan. I was probably too drunk to do anything but hey, booze gives a guy a misplaced sexual confidence. 

So I stumbled around the large, dark, noisy bar that we were in looking for my Aussie pussy. I couldn't find her anywhere and I was going in circles.

Then I saw it.

In the corner, a dark corner, was Megan. She had her arms round Chloe. Chloe had her arms round Megan. They were kissing. Passionately. Lustily. Erotically. Like lesbians.

Wow! 

It was such a sexy sight that I wasn't even annoyed I'd obviously lost my pussy for the night. I stared a little, and they were a picture. Both were very busty and curvy, although Chloe's ass was BIG. Their wildly contrasting skin tones and general coloring work in complimentary contrast, like a sexual yin and yang.

My night was, from there, a drunken haze. I stumbled around the dancefloor and failed to pull. I crashed into my hostel room at 4 in the morning or so. 

The next morning I bumped into Megan. 

'Hey, how's it going?'

'Not bad, what about you? Good night?'

'Ah, drunk. So I saw you and er...'

She blushed. 

'Oh, yeah, well...'

We grabbed food and took a table together.

'So, you're a lesbian now??'

'No! Well, not a full lesbian, but...'

'So you're into chicks as well is what you're saying?'

'Oh, I don't know. Listen, she does things to me that are unbelievable. I mean, you were good with your tongue, but this chick... you've gone no idea, mate!'

'So how did it happen then?'

'That's private, man!'

'Oh come one!' I wanted to hear the story. Truth be told, it was a turn on. Megan looked around. We were in the corner of a loud room, and unlikely to be overheard.

'OK, fine,' she relented. 'But then you have to tell me a story about you that's personal. OK?'

'Sure, whatever, I'll tell you something you won't believe. After. And I want details!'

'Haha, ok, here goes:

So there I was, In Pataya. I checked into a fun looking hostel. I wasn't too fussed about meeting anyway, you know, romantically, since we'd had such a good time in Bangkok and I was all fucked out.

Well, first night I went to the bar. I wanted a good night and in no time was chatting to some guys, drinking booze, getting merry.

Over the next hour the bar started to fill up. Soon, I found myself next to a very attractive, curvaceous black woman in her early 20s or so. I nodded and smiled.

'Hey, my name's Chloe,' said this beautiful, sexy woman. Her eyes looked into mine with a searing intensity. 

'Hi, I'm Megan. Nice to meet you.'

'Aussie I'm guessing?'

''Fraid so, don't hold it against me. What about you?'

'Texas, can't you tell from the drawl, honey?' She certainly did have an unmistakable accent. 

Chloe was in a tight dress. Her enormous breasts were spilling out. Her lips were round, her skin smooth and brown. I admitted to myself at some point that not only did I think she was attractive, but I found her attractive. Still, I wasn't a lesbian.

We talked for a while. I learned she was from the States and doing a bit of travelling. Well, nothing unusual here I guess. After a while, some other guys joined us and our conversation ebbed away from each other.

Well, things started to get raucous as the booze flowed. At one point, these two girls start twerking by the speakers, their backs to the bar and aggressively moving their asses. The guys start whooping and cheering, and so do the girls actually. Anyway, Chloe, who was in the middle of the crowd, just shouts 'you call that twerking?' and sets off for the front. Well, now there's like a competition going or some shit. She goes into the middle of the two girls, turns round, and starts twerking. Oh my fucking God it was incredible, I've never seen an ass move so much! Aw, mate, it was something else.

So anyway, she's moving that ass, and her skirt is tight, so it's starting to ride up her thick legs. Then, suddenly, about half a minute in, with the whole crowd cheering and whatnot, the motion is too much for her dress and it just pops straight over her ass! It was then I realized how hot I found her. She was in this little lacy thong, although it was black and the room was dark so against her skin it barely showed. It was like I was staring and this huge naked ass. And I loved it. It felt so naughty.

Most girls would have been mortified but Chloe didn't seem to care. She laughed and continued. One of the girls slapped her jiggling buttocks and they too lifted up their skirts. Suddenly these three girls were there, their thong covered asses just on display. But I couldn't keep my eyes off of Chloe. What was happening to me? 

A while later the guy running the bar crawl announced that anyone who would kiss a member of their own gender would get a free shot. I presume this was done purely so he could watch a load of girls get off with each other.

'Megan, I'll kiss you for a free shot,' announced Chloe. She did this surrounded by lusty men, probably knowing full well that she'd have the support of the room. And she did - they all whooped and shouted encouragements.

'Chloe, I'm not a lesbian!'

'Who said you have to be gay to want a free shot, huh?'

'Girls!' shouted the barman. 'You kiss each other for 30 seconds and I promise, a free COCKTAIL each!' The crowd cheered, including the other women there.

Well, considering how much I did fancy Chloe and find her sexually attractive, it wasn't much of a choice. It was just doing it in public that made me nervous. But I'm an Aussie, I'm not put off that easily. 

'Fuck it, come here!' I said. The room went wild. We walked toward each other, and I instinctively put my hands over her shoulders as if kissing a man. She went for my waist. As we closed together, however, all the noise drained from the room. We locked eyes and at that moment I knew there was genuine feeling between us. This was going to be a real kiss, whatever pretence there was about it being just a hedonistic dare for a free drink. Her beautiful round eyes burned straight into my soul and for the first time I could feel affection, romance and sexual intimacy with another female. My heart jumped and pounded against my breasts. I was sure she could feel it when we came together. We're both big breasted, so they squeezed together. My nipples were hard and so were she.

There was silence in my head despite the music and the crowd. I leaned in, turning my head, which she did too. Then our lips met. Tentatively at first, the soft, soft lips she had toyed with mine. Our grips tightened on each other's bodies. 

Then her tongue entered my mouth. It found my tongue. They slowly circled and played. Our lips mashed together. It was the softest thing I've ever felt. I thought to myself that I couldn't believe what I'd been missing out on! If I'd discovered this was so good a decade ago I would have had years of Sapphic sex. Chloe's hand slipped down and found my ass, squeezing it tightly. That was when I rejoined the real world and heard the cheers of the room.

We kissed for a good minute, becoming hungrier and lustier in our oral movements. She pulled away at this point, about twice the length of time we'd needed to complete for the free drink, and so that was it. Well, I was disappointed obviously, it had been electric. But we both laughed and turned for our free cocktails.

I wondered if that was that. Maybe Chloe just wanted the drink. We stood at the bar while they were made and the crowd moved on. When the barman served them I felt a hand squeeze my ass and realized Chloe was responsible. That was the point when I knew the atmosphere between us had been genuine. What was going to happen? Would I go for it? I didn't know, but I did know that with every passing hour I wanted this girl more and more.

'That was... erm...' I stuttered.

'Good?'

'Yeah, haha, it was actually.'

'Have you ever kissed a girl before then Megan?'

'Nope. Never.'

'Oh, wow, so I'm your first, huh?'

'Certainly are.'

'And did it impress you?'

'Yes, you know, I liked it,' I said, looking her in the eye. Again there was the electricity. 'What about you? Are you a seasoned pro?'

'Girl, you really not guessed?'

'Guessed what?' I asked.

'Oh my god. Yes, I am seasoned. I'm a lesbian!'

This came as a bit of a shock to me as I hadn't guessed. She was so feminine, and nothing marked her out as gay. Well, now I knew there was potential. It dawned on me that far from me considering taking her, she'd been seducing me all along. I was her prey! God that was a hot thought.

We entered the club and headed for the bar. We were a large group but I was just with Chloe. As we crossed the dancefloor she took my hand. It felt good. Her palms were warm and soft. It was weird being the same height as my 'other half', as I'm used to men who are generally taller and bigger.

'Two mohitos!' shouted Chloe to the barman. Things were dirt cheap here, and drinks were no exception, so you could drink cocktails rather than just beer or cheap wine. We got our drinks and took a sip.

'Hey, wanna sit down?' she said. 

'Sure!'

We found a booth, just us, in a dark corner. She was wearing a little skirt and her thick, dark thighs looked delectable. Her large breasts were squeezed into a little top and I couldn't keep staring. Her eyes were fixed on mine, staring intently. They were round and sensual, and romance danced in them.

'So, you weren't freaked out about my coming out to you earlier?'

'Fuck no! I don't care!'

'No, but I did get you to kiss me on the false pretence of doing it for free booze?'

'So that wasn't the main reason?' I asked, knowing the answer full well.

'Of course not, honey. You're just the sexiest and I had to taste you. You tasted great. I'd love to take you to my bed but I ain't gonna pressure you. It's up to you, sugar. I know you're into guys.'

'Listen, it's not that I don't find you attractive. I do. I'm just not a lesbian. I'm flattered though and you are insanely beautiful, in my opinion.'

She smiled and nodded. I think she knew I was interested and just wanted to bide her time, let me pretend to put up some resistance. It was all so new to me, and I guess this is how straight girls normally react.

'Do you normally go for straight girls then?'

'Honey, all the damn time. Nothing gives me a greater thrill than to turn a sexy straight girl, especially if she thinks she'd never eat pussy.'

'So you've turned a lot?'

'At school, when I realized how I preferred women - and by the way that's the truth I prefer women but do sometimes enjoy a guy - I faced hostility. Guys didn't care, but girls were so insecure at that age they'd make a big deal outta pretending to be disgusted. Well, one day I was alone in the showers after sports with a girl who really wouldn't let up about me being a dyke. So I was surprised when she asked if she could taste my pussy and have me eat her out. After that, I realized most girls were curious, and would try anything if they thought I wouldn't tell. So I kept discreet, but let all my intended girls know how many I'd slept with. And once they found out how I could satisfy them, they'd keep coming back for me. I musta performed sexual favors for at least 30 girls in my teenage years. Since then, I've taken such a delight in seducing hot girls. Like you.'

I was so wet at this point. Hearing about her seducing straight girls was so unbelievably erotic, I knew I would be taken by her.

'Hey, girl, let's hit the dancefloor!' she suggested.

We did. We had the usual array of men trying to get us and dance. But we had only time for each other. Her hips were hypnotic. Her ass moved so much, it was so big yet sexy. Juicy. I wanted to squeeze it. When her hands went round my waist and down, squeezing me, I did the same back. We were close dancing for about an hour together. Our arms around each other, breasts together. My pussy got soaking wet - I could feel my panties were sodden.

She turned around after a few songs and leaned forward. Her huge ass was pressed into my middle, and she slowly wiggled it. God that was exquisite torture.

About half way through we caught each other's eyes and just stared. Then we moved in and kissed. I'm sure a load of guys were watching with lust and boners but we didn't care. We were just lost in the moment.

'Hey,' she said at some point. 'Let's get outta here, honey.'

'I think that's a good idea, gorgeous.'

We held hands and walked back to the hostel. On the way she stopped and pushed me to a wall. We kissed passionately, hungrily. It was so sexy. Her warm, voluptuous body was so erotic to the touch. I slipped my hands up her uncovered thigh, and under her skirt. The skin was soft and warm. My other hand was squeezing the vast expanse of ass behind her.

After five minutes we retook each other's hands and walked back toward the hostel in silence, every so often looking at the other and giggling.

We walked in off of the still humid street to the air conditioned, dark reception.

'Well, where should we go now?' I asked, realizing that our room was full of people and not really the venue for my first lesbian fuck.

'Honey, how about a quick dip in the pool?'

'Oh, I like that idea.'

'We've got so hot tonight it'd be good to cool down,' she said seductively. 'Plus, the water will hide our soaking wet pussies.'

If I wasn't wet before that I certainly was now.

We headed quietly to the pool area. It was deserted.

'So, take your clothes off. Wouldn't want them getting wet.' She said.

'They already are,' I retorted. She giggled and gave my ass a playful squeeze.

She stood a few metres in front and locked eyes with me. In a second her dress was off and she was standing in little lace panties and a matching bra. Black and pink. I knew from her earlier twerking wardrobe malfunction that she was in a thong. The thin material was stretched to breaking point around her wide waist. 

I checked out the cute little feet, up her smooth brown calves to where her legs flared out into large thighs. Above her panty line was a very sexy stomach: it was big by virtue of her excessive curves yet fairly flat on top. It was so kissable, I thought to myself. Must remember to spend some time running my lips over it. 

Her belly button was pierced, something which was very hot. Above that were of course her huge breasts. They must have been an F cup and I couldn't wait to see the bra flung off and them come bouncing out. 

My gaze then traced up the neck and to her beautiful face. Her full lips were curved into a coy smile, which was matched by the sultry eyes. Her expression screamed 'I've made you wet and you want to fuck me even though you're straight'. I couldn't blame her. She'd got me so hot and until that day I'd only been made that way by guys.

'Well, as much as I appreciate the attention baby, you gotta stop standing there gawping. Strip, girl!'

I did as I was told like a good little straight slut. I wasn't so graceful. I just piled my clothes off, unhooked my bra and wiggled out of my panties. But I did start to play with my nipples when done. At this her hands dropped and she started to rub her pussy. I could hear it. She was wet.

'Say, baby, why don't we cool off a little.' Chloe turned around and she bent over. Her hands slowly, slowly pulled her thong off and I could see her pussy between her legs. Her giant ass was so smooth and round, no cellulite. I marvelled at it.

She turned to face me and walked backwards. Her hands reached behind her and unclasped her bra. Tantalizingly slowly it was removed. Her giant breasts came loose. They were bouncy despite the great weight. Her nipples were a nice size and bullet hard.

Then she turned and daintily slid into the pool. I followed as quickly as I could whilst appearing to retain some level of self control. 

We splashed around a little, but soon were in each other's arms. We embraced passionately to the sound of crickets in the humid air night air. It was dark, but there was moonlight, so I could see the gorgeous woman (!) I was making out with, naked, in a public pool.

Well, my pussy was on fire, despite the water. I started grinding against Chloe's leg. She did the same to me and we roughly fucked each other for a while as our tongues invaded our mouths.

'OK, girl, I need to cum. And so do you,' Chloe announced.

'You're not wrong, sexy. I've never done this before, you know.'

'I know gorgeous. But it's easy. And fantastic.'
