 Alexis's girlfriend Taylor was out of town for the weekend, and Alexis was bored home alone on the Friday night. She flipped through Netflix for a while, but couldn't find anything she felt like watching. Frustrated she tossed the remote on the couch and finished her rum and coke. Since Taylor wasn't there, Alexis decided to do something she'd never done before: go to a gay bar. Even though the two of them were both out of the closet, Taylor was always shy about things like holding hands or kissing in public, or being seen at any queer events or spaces. Unfortunately Taylor's shyness extended to the bedroom, leading to the largest source of conflict in their relationship.

Alexis changed into a lightweight flannel blouse and some jeans, figuring she should look the part and called an Uber. It was only a little after 8 when she got to the bar, so the line was pretty short. When Alexis got in she got a rum and coke from the bar and took a look at the dance floor. It wasn't too crowded yet, mostly young gay men dancing with each other, and the few girls looked like straight girls having a night out.

A bit disappointed, Alexis took her drink onto the patio and sat down. She sipped her drink, trying to ignore the clouds of vape smoke coming from some of the boys on the patio. Alexis was starting to regret her choice to come as she looked around. She was hoping to do a little dancing, maybe meet a few other queer girls, but the only obviously gay girls she saw were a couple making out in the corner, oblivious to the world.

Alexis finished her drink and went back inside. She was trying to decide if she wanted another drink and see if things picked up, or to just head home. It was then that someone came up to her.

"Miss L!" The girl said. She was in her mid twenties, about the same age as Alexis. She looked vaguely familiar but Alexis couldn't place her.

"Uh, hi," Alexis said. "I'm sorry, but do I know you?"

"Oh, sorry! My nephew Kyle is in your class, and I met you one time when I came to a soccer game you coached."

Alexis flushed in embarrassment. Even though she was out, it felt wrong meeting someone who knew she was an elementary school teacher at a gay bar. "Yes of course. But when I'm not teaching my name is Alexis."

"I'm so sorry, of course! I'm Tabby," she said as she stuck out her hand for Alexis to shake. Tabby was almost six feet tall, with an athletic build under a t-shirt and baggy jeans. "Here with some friends?" Tabby asked.

"No, just checking the place out," Alexis said. "I was actually thinking of leaving."

Tabby looked around and laughed, "Ya, it's mostly guys here. But sometimes there are girls." She winked and said, "Why don't I buy you a drink."

Before Alexis could say anything, Tabby grabbed her by the elbow and pulled her over to the bar. "Guinness for me," Tabby told the bartender. "And for you?" She asked Alexis.

"Just a rum and coke."

The bartender handed Tabby her can of beer and quickly mixed up Alexis's drink while Tabby pulled some bills out of her wallet and paid. Tabby again took Alexis by the elbow and steered her back out to the patio and grabbed them a table.

As they sat down and started sipping their drinks, Tabby said, "My sister thinks you're such a great teacher. I never would have guessed you're queer!" She paused, realizing what she had just said. "Not that being queer makes you a bad teacher! I just never thought about any teacher's life outside of school."

"What makes you think I'm gay?" Alexis asked, blushing.

Tabby looked around the patio at the other patrons, then back at Alexis. She took in the flannel blouse with an arched eyebrow.

"Ok, shut up," Alexis said, laughing a little.

"I didn't say anything!" Tabby said. "It's just weird meeting a teacher outside of school! When I was a kid I thought my teachers lived at school."

"Sometimes it feels like I do," Alexis said with a sigh. "What about you? Would people be shocked to see you here?"

Tabby laughed again, a deep laugh that Alexis was finding rather attractive. "I work as a personal trainer and I'm on the state woman's rugby team. The straight girls I know are the odd ones out."

"Lucky you. I know some of the parents at school would give me a hard time so I have to keep quiet about it."

Tabby could tell it was a bit of a sore topic for Alexis, and changed the subject. They made small talk for a while, and had a few more drinks. Alexis was having fun talking to Tabby, and starting to feel a little bit tipsy.

"So what brought you out here tonight?" Tabby asked.

Feeling a little bit more confident after their chatting and the drinks, Alexis opened up. "I've always wanted to check out a gay bar but my girlfriend is too shy."

"That's too bad," Tabby said. "Have you been dating long? Is she doing something else tonight?"

"She's out of town for the weekend. We've been dating for a couple of years. Moved in together a little while ago."

"Lucky you!" Tabby said. "I'm all on my own."

"Ya, I guess," Alexis sighed.

"What do you mean?"

"Oh, its just... She's my first girlfriend. But she's so shy and not very affectionate. She never wants to cuddle or hold hands or go out or anything."

"That's too bad. Those things are fun!"

Alexis shrugged. "What about you? Do you have a girlfriend?"

"Nah," Tabby shrugged. "Like I said, all on my own right now. Thought I might check this place out and see if there were any cute girls here tonight."

"I'm sorry for distracting you!" Alexis said, suddenly embarrassed for taking up Tabby's time.

Tabby smiled and winked. "What do you mean? I'm talking to a cute girl right now."

That made Alexis blush, and she tried to hide it by finishing her drink. Tabby took the empty glass from Alexi's hand, brushing her fingers as she did. "Would you like another?"

"I'm getting a little tipsy," Alexis mumbled.

"I live a couple of blocks from here if you want some tea or something. I've got some vodka too. It's not great but it's cheaper than here." Tabby kept her hand on Alexis's as she spoke.

Maybe it was the alcohol, maybe it was the last two months without any sex with Taylor, maybe it was just the warmth of Tabby's hand, but Alexi said, "That sounds nice."

They left the bar and Alexis let Tabby lead the way. As the walked Tabby kept brushing her arm Alexis's, and after a block Alexis began doing the same. When they got to Tabby's apartment building, Tabby took Alexis's hand and led her to the elevator. In the elevator, on impulse, Alexis did something she had never done before. She leaned in and kissed a girl she had only met a few hours before.

It was a quick kiss, and Alexis stood back looking at her shoes, blushing so hard she thought she might catch on fire. The elevator dinged for Tabby's floor. Tabby smiled and again took Alexis's hand, tugging her out of the elevator and down the hall. Tabby fumbled with her keys a bit, looking a little flushed herself.

Inside the small apartment Tabby went to the kitchenette and gestured to a couch in front of a TV and some home workout gear. "Have a seat. What would you like to drink?" Tabby asked.

"Vodka coke," Alexis said. "A strong one."

Tabby laughed and grabbed a bottle of vodka and a couple of cans of Diet Coke from the fridge and mixed up two drinks. She brought them over and handed one to Alexis. Alexis took a drink, finding it strong as she asked for, almost as much vodka as coke. Alexis took another drink and watched Tabby take one too.

"So," Tabby started, but before she could say anything more, Alexis leaned in for another kiss. Tabby froze for a second, then hurriedly put down her drink, grabbing and setting Alexis's down too. Then she lay back on the couch, pulling Alexis down on top of her, all without breaking the kiss. Alexis felt Tabby's mouth open, then her tongue slipped into Alexis's mouth. Tabby's hand began to roam over Alexis's back as she lay underneath her. Abby's hands roved too, feeling Tabby's muscular legs through her baggy jeans.

After a few minutes Tabby broke the kiss and said, panting, "Do you want to go to the bedroom?"

"Oh god yes," Alexis said.

Tabby stood up and stripped off her t-shirt, showing off muscular shoulders and flat stomach under her sports bra and walked over to her bedroom door. Alexis followed, trying to quickly undo the buttons of her blouse. She dropped it on the floor of Tabby's messy bedroom where Tabby was sitting on her unmade bed, pulling off her jeans and socks. Alexis unzipped her skirt and let it fall, then sat down beside Tabby in her bra and panties.

Tabby kicked off her jeans, revealing a pair of boxers, the pulled Alexis down so they were lying side by side. They began kissing again and Tabby's hand when to the bra clasp behind Alexis's back, popping the bra open. They fumbled together without breaking the kiss until Tabby got Alexis's bra off and tossed it to the side. With Alexis's breasts free, Tabby put her hand on one, massaging it as they kissed.

Alexis's breathing grew heavier as her arousal built, Tabby's tongue exploring her mouth as she played with Alexis's tits, first one then the other. Tabby's fingers pinched each nipple in turn, making them hard and tight. After a few minutes as Alexis began to moan into Tabby's mouth, Tabby broke the kiss and sat up. She stripped off her sports bra, briefly allowing Alexis to admire her small firm breasts and muscular chest, then leaned down and took one of Alexis's nipples into her mouth. Alexis moaned and arched her back, trying to push her tit deeper into Tabby's mouth as the other girl's tongue circled her nipple. With her mouth latched to one breast, Tabby's hand began to pinch and pull Alexis's other nipple. Alexis gasped in pleasure, the sensations driving all though from her head.

Too soon for Alexis's liking, Tabby stopped kissing her breast, but then she began kissing down Alexis's stomach, and suddenly Alexis found she didn't mind. When Tabby got to the fabric of Alexis's thong, she ran her tongue over it and hooked her fingers into the waistband.

"Can I take these off?" Tabby asked as she looked up at Alexis.

"Yes, but, umm," Alexis stammered.

"What is it? Do you want to stop?" Tabby asked, suddenly looking concerned.

"It's not that," Alexis said, blushing and covering her face. "No one has ever gone down on me before."

"I'd love to be your first," Tabby said. She emphasized her words my running her tongue up Alexis's fabric covered slit.

Alexis bucked her hips against Tabby's mouth and moaned, "God yes. Eat me please."

Tabby didn't need any more encouragement, and yanked Alexis's thong down her legs, leaving it hanging off one ankle. "Pretty," Tabby murmured as she looked at Alexis's exposed waxed pussy, then dove in.

Tabby's tongue parted Alexis's pussy lips, licking from bottom to top in one motion. 'God, why can't Taylor do this,' Alexis thought, amazed at how much better it felt than just fingers. When Tabby's tongue began to tease her clit out from under it's hood, Alexis, thought she was going to die of pleasure, only to have it intensify as Tabby slid two fingers into her soaking wet pussy. The hand that wasn't occupied in her pussy reached up and grabbed one of Alexis's tits. Tabby began to maul it, alternating between tugging on Alexis's nipple and digging her fingers into the flesh as her tongue worked its magic on Alexis's clit and fingers curled inside her pussy.

"Don't stop," Alexis panted. "Oh god, don't stop!"

In response Tabby somehow managed to tease out Alexis's clit, and wrapped her lips around it. Alexis had always though she had a shy clit, always hiding behind it's hood, but Tabby was rubbing her tongue directly against it. Alexis grabbed the tit that Tabby wasn't teasing with one hand and put the other in Tabby's hair, grabbing the back of her head and trying to stuff her face inside her pussy.

Tabby kept working her fingers inside Alexis's pussy and playing with her tit, but she raised her face up from her pussy for a moment. "Cum for me little girl. I want to feel your cunt explode." Then she shoved her face back into Alexis's crotch, tongue grinding on clit.

"Uh, uh, fuuuuuuuuck," Alexis groaned as she exploded in Tabby's mouth. For the first time in Alexis's life a steam of thin fluid shot out of Alexis's pussy as she came, drenching Tabby's face and her bed. Tabby didn't stop as Alexis rode out the aftershocks, until the stimulation finally became too much and she pushed her head away.

"Good for your first time?" Tabby asked.

"Uuuuuuu," Alexis groaned. "Amazing."

"You didn't tell me you were a squirter," Tabby said with a laugh as she crawled onto the bed, kissing Alexis. The sweet, tangy aroma of her pussy was on Tabby's lips.

"I wasn't before tonight," Alexis said, blushing. "Oh god, and now I really have to pee!"

Alexis jumped off the bed and hurried over to the other door to the bedroom, opening it to find Tabby's bathroom. She shut the door behind her and sat down on the toilet, releasing the massive piss she'd been holding after all of the drinking of the evening. Aftershocks of her orgasm continued through Alexis as she emptied her bladder, and she moaned a little as she wiped.

When she came back out into the bedroom, Tabby had taken off her boxers to reveal a thick brown bush and held a dildo with some straps attached in her hand.

"Want to take a ride?" Tabby asked with a wink.

Alexis looked at the strapon. It was about six inches long, and thicker than two of Taylor's fingers together, the most Alexis had ever had inside her.

"Yes," Alexis said with more confidence than she felt.

Tabby grinned, and began buckling the toy over top of her crotch. When it was on she squirted some lube into her hand and rubbed in up and down the plastic cock, laying back onto the bed. Alexis came over, and kneeled on the bed over top of Taylor, hesitating.

"Are you sure?" Tabby asked.

Alexis blushed. "Yes! It just larger than anything I've had."

"Go slow little girl," Tabby purred.

Alexis steeled her nerves, and grabbed the cock, placing the tip against her pussy. Then she slowly began to sink down on top of it. As she sat down on the dildo, Tabby's hands on her hips guiding her, Alexis felt stretched and more full than she ever had been in her life. As she bottomed out, her hips resting on Tabby's, Alexis tried to distract herself by lowering her mouth to one of Tabby's small breasts and beginning to suck on it. Tabby began to slowly move her hips, sliding a little in and out of Alexis as she enjoyed the attention being given to her tit.

"That's it," Tabby whispered. "Fuck you cunt on my cock."

Alexis blushed, but she began to move her hips fast as she kept sucking on Tabby's nipple. The feeling was new and different, but Alexis loved it. She felt so full, and the walls of her pussy seemed to cling to Tabby's cock as she lifted off it, then slid back down on it. Alexis kept riding Tabby's toy, sucking on her tit, until she had to take her mouth off, panting.

"I want to fuck you from behind," Tabby whispered as she grabbed Alexis's head and brought her ear down to her mouth.

"Ok," Alexis said, though she didn't stop riding Tabby. Tabby let her keep going for a few second then pulled back her hips so that the toy fell out of Alexis's pussy with a loud burp of air.

"On your hands and kneels," Tabby commanded, and Alexis obeyed. She rolled over and propped herself up on hands and knees, presenting her ass and pussy to Tabby and her cock. Tabby knelt behind her on the bed, and dragged her strap up and down Alexis's slit before she finally slid it in, burying it to the hilt in one movement.

"Fuuuuuuck meeeeee," Alexis groaned. Tabby took instruction well, pounding hard into Alexis, her had reaching down and around to begin to strum Alexis's clit. Tabby's hips began to move faster, pounding the strap into Alexis and letting the base of the strap grind into her own clit. At the same time Tabby's hand became even more frantic, strumming Alexis's with a needy intensity. They ground together like that until Alexis had to drop her chest to the bed, no longer able to support herself with her arms, one hand flying to cover Tabby's as it kept working her clit. Tabby started grunting and moaning, burring the strap as deep in Alexis as it could go. As Tabby started to cum Alexis took Tabby's hand and used it on her clit to take her to her second orgasm of the night. Tabby collapsed onto Alexis's back, and Alexis flattened out on the bed underneath her, the two of them riding out their orgasms together.

After a minute of panting, Alexis pushed up against Tabby, and rolled onto her side. Her hand gripped the base of Tabby's cock and managed to keep it inside her as they rolled onto their sides, Tabby as the big spoon. Tabby grabbed the blanket and pulled it over both of them, her cock still buried inside Alexis.

Sometime early in the morning Alexis felt Tabby finally slip her strap out of Alexis's pussy as Tabby got up to pee. Alexis felt like she should do or say something, but she was too tired. When Tabby came back to bed, Alexis snuggled back into her, enjoying the feeling of being the small spoon.

Light came though Tabby's window early in the morning, waking Alexis up to a pounding hangover headache. She was confused bout being snuggled off second as Taylor almost never curled up with her, and was never the big spoon when she did. 'Shit,' Alexis though. 'What did I get myself into?'

She managed to extricate herself from Tabby's arm without waking the other girl and checked her phone which was still on the pocket of her skirt. There were two missed calls from Taylor and about a dozen texts.

'Hi babe'

'Hope you're ok home alone'

'Don't watch any Brooklyn 99 without me'

'Did you fall asleep?'

Missed call

'Don't you want to talk?'

'What you doing?'

'Please answer me!'

'Find my friends says you're not at home. Where are you?'

'WTFFFFFFFFF'

Missed call

'What the fuck Alexis'

Alexis began to frantically text back as Tabby rolled over groaning.

'Sorry I didn't answer babe. Kendal dragged me out to the bar and I didn't check my phone! Call me when you wake up!' Alexis finished the text with a kiss emoji, her mind racing. Alexis sent a text to Kendal, one of the other teachers at Alexis's school and her best friend.

'Call me as soon as you wake up! Don't respond to any text or call from Taylor before you do!'

Tabby's hand began to roam over Alexis's thigh as she woke up. Alexis slapped it away. "Stop that," she said distractedly. "I'm in so much shit right now. I didn't answer my girlfriend last night because of you!"

"If she doesn't eat you she's missing out," Tabby said with a sleepy smile. "You have a tasty cunt. Bet you're ass is tight too!"

Alexis tried to ignore the sexual promise in Tabby's voice. "This was a mistake. I'm leaving."

"Ok,' Tabby sighed and rolled back over, starting to fall back asleep. "If you want more write your number on the white board by the fridge." Then she started snorting lightly.

Alexis dressed hurriedly and fled Tabby's bedroom. Alexis was almost out the door to Tabby's apartment, trying to reach Kendal on the phone when she paused. Right beside the door was a white board, with a pen attached to it on a string. Alexis hated herself a little as she did it, but she took the pen and wrote her number on the white board, underlining it then writing 'Alexis' beneath it.

As she left Tabby's apartment Kendal finally picked up. "What bitch," she said in a groggy voice.

"I need a big favour," Alexis said. "Text Taylor and tell her we went out drinking last night and I stayed the night with you."

"Okaaaaaay," Kendal said. "That's definitely not what happened but I'll cover your ass."

"Thanks!" Alexis said. "I promise I'll tell you everything later, just save me right now!"
