 That's one perk about working on reception. Everyone knows there's no point ringing on Friday afternoon because no one can be bothered do anything. Means you can take it easy, read a magazine or something...

...4.15. Another quarter of an hour and I'm out of here. Half an hour to get home, hour for dinner, ages and ages to get ready, then I'm bound for the bright lights of town. This last fifteen minutes is going to drag. Alex asked me again if I want to come out with her and a few of her mates. Can't remember where they said they were going, probably one of the big clubs down towards the bay. She talks down to me because she was in the year above me in school, even though she is lazy and incompetent and I do all the work. Like I really want to spend any more time in her company. If she wasn't as good looking as she is I might even get mad about it. She is easy on the eye. All the younger blokes up in accounting decided she's the best looking girl in the whole building. I came fifth. Bastards. I can see their point about Alex though, even though there's a temp up on fifth who they must not know about, who's got this body you just want to grab hold of.

Alex thinks I'm square because I always tell her I'm not going out, just to get her off my back. I'm out every week, just nowhere she'd go. She's straight, and she's as easy as counting. We aren't going to bump into each other in town any time soon...

...You have to show ID on the door at the Wasp and Drumstick to get in. I only turned eighteen three months ago so it's all still like a big adventure. The adrenaline is pumping in me now. I love Friday nights. I'm walking over the bridge.

There are a few people going the other way back towards town. Couple of girls up ahead might be going to the wasp. A few lads over the road wolf-whistle at me, I ignore them. I'm not dressed like this to please any bloke. No chance...

...Allenside has a bit of a reputation, as an area but Inver really feel nervous down here. Hardly ever see anyone really. I'm really excited about getting down the wasp. That Friday feeling. I think I can hear the music already, Stevie Wonder, "Superstition" A personal favourite. I turn right. I can see the doors from here, over the road a few hundred yards off. A few girls are just going in. I feel for my passport in my bag...

The way its lit makes feel like you're walking into an aquarium, deep blue and mad shapes going round the walls. These boots were made for walking, and I'm walking, and I'm walking over to the bar. I'm buzzing now. There are loads of people in here. It's going to be a good night. This place used to be just a normal pub, then the clientele changed radically and they got an extended licence and now it's a club, a brilliant club in fact, and my personal favourite. There are some good-looking women too. Always is on a Friday. It's going to take a while to get a drink, there's a scrum of people waiting to get served and the bar staff are struggling a bit. The girl just in front of me has a really good body. Great legs. Almost as nice as mine, which is saying something. Tight khaki skirt, little white top. I'm not close enough to lean over her shoulder and stare down her cleavage. She's fit though, and as if by magic she turns round to face me.

We make eye contact. She's up for it, which is always a good thing. She looks me up and down, must like what she sees, because she reaches forward and gently cups my groin. She moves up closer and pecks me on the cheek. Leaves her hand where it is. I say hello. I'm trying to keep a straight face, I wonder if any around us can see this. Maybe she's seen me in here before. She's really forward and I'm getting moist. She puts a hand round my waist and pulls me with her. We're off to the toilets...

...She's still got her hand on my cunt, and I like it. We're walking past the bar to the little corridor thing that leads out to the toilets. She's got a big grin on her pretty face. I'm still just about managing to keep a straight face, like its all-just normal. Actually I suppose it is on a Friday night in here. This buzz is what life's all about...

...We're in the toilets. She turns around, pulls me roughly towards her, clamps her mouth on mine. I've got her tongue right down my throat. She's got hold of my hips and she's crushing herself up against me like she wants to break bones and this feels FUCKING MARVELLOUS. She spins around and backs up against the wall. One hand hitches up her skirt; I see all of those long legs and a conspicuous lack of underwear. Her other hand is on my shoulder and she's pushing me down. There's no time for a cubicle cos we can't wait. I'm on my knees on the toilet floor. She's got one foot up on top of the radiator so she's wide open for me. I'm straight in. She's going to get the best blowjob in the history of the universe. I'm kissing her open cunt, gently but still passionately. Her hands are in my hair. My eyes are closed. My tongues on her clitoris and I'm trying to lick her so gently that if I released the pressure at all she wouldn't feel anything at all. I don't know how she's got there so quick but I can hear her moaning already and I'm getting into that rhythm where you feel ten times as strong and I'm starting to boil over myself. I'm going to come in my knickers again...

...It's hard to stay concentrated on licking her as I can feel my own climax on the way. I can keep it together just about. She's coming hard and screaming and I'm without doubt, the filthiest, dirtiest, naughtiest little bitch in the whole world. NO ONE gives head like me. No one in the world. I come too and it's fucking great...

We're both up off the floor and blushing when we realise we had an audience, almost a crowd in fact. We get a round of applause. I stay composed. She walks out smiling and I go move after her. I keep composed. She was fit. I'm well satisfied. That's the first one of the night so far. My record is seventeen blowjobs on one Friday night three weeks back. If you know their name it doesn't count. It would have been nineteen that time if that foreign girl hadn't insisted on introducing herself after I'd eaten her out. Chantal or something. Time for that drink.