 This is my first attempt and submission to Literotica, so please be gentle!

All constructive feedback and comments would be gratefully received.

The story is semi-autobiographical, a little bit of me and a little bit of fantasy.

All names are fictional -- even the name of the dog.

Hope you enjoy! Geeky_lez

*****************************

Lying haphazardly on top of the duvet, Sophie slowly opened her eyes. Sun poured through the open curtains as she buried her face into the pillows, letting out a tired sigh -- another day had begun!

A familiar scratch and snort roused her from her semi-conscious state as Shelly nuzzled against her arm that was hanging over the side of the bed.

'Morning Princess,' whispered Sophie as she ruffled Shelley's soft fur and scratched her behind her ear. 'Breakfast?' she asked softly before Shelley began bounding down the stairs, yapping loudly and wagging her tail furiously. It seemed today was going to be the same as every other day.

Standing naked and stretching her arms above her head, Sophie caught her reflection in the mirror. For a moment she gazed at the image staring back at her. She had lost a lot of weight lately and had regained her figure from all those years ago. Her slender and firm body was covered in fair skin that refused to tan, no matter how much time she spent in the sun! Her wavy natural blonde hair was tousled with sleep and hung down over her large, piercing blue eyes. Her breasts were small but firm and showed very little sag, even though she was now officially in her thirties, and her once robust and large thighs had now become toned and shapely like her ass, thanks to all the recent gym visits.

Grabbing a robe and her glasses she began to follow the persistent sound of barking downstairs and to the kitchen. Dropping the food in the bowl and putting the coffee machine on in robotic fashion, Sophie then lit a cigarette and stood at the screen door staring into the sun soaked back yard. It was already mid-morning -- she had slept late -- again!

As Shelley explored the backyard after her breakfast, Sophie returned upstairs with coffee to jump in the shower. It had been nearly five months that she had been living alone, since she had told her partner of nearly eleven years that she wasn't happy anymore. She knew it would be difficult, all her memories and adult life had involved Eve, but it just wasn't working anymore. If she were honest, it hadn't been right for a number of years. Sophie had changed beyond recognition throughout their relationship -- weight gain, anti-social, withdrawn. Enough was enough and she had taken the huge step to make changes.

It had been the right decision.

She hadn't been happy for a long time.

But now? Well ... she still wasn't happy...in fact, most of the time, she had felt miserable!

Those same voices kept whispering in the back of her mind, making her doubt herself and crush any new self-confidence she had built up over the last five months.

Who would ever want you now?

Eve had loved her, in her own way. But they had become like sisters, dependable, reliable. In short, it had become the same routine day in, day out. Sophie knew that she wanted, no, needed more.

Now she was convinced she had never actually deserved more.

Water cascaded down her body as she showered and wondered how she was going to spend her day. Although she had errands to run she lacked motivation and she knew she was going to drift through the day, wondering and day-dreaming of what might have been, just like every other day.

Stepping out of the shower she wandered to the bedroom naked, letting herself air-dry as she finished her coffee. Well, at least the sun was shining and the day was warm. As she dressed in her denim shorts, vest top and sandals, Shelley bounded up the stairs with her relentless enthusiasm, that familiar twinkle in her big brown eyes.

Laughing aloud, Sophie bent down and petted her firmly, loving that at least there was one female that gave her unconditional and unquestioned love.

'To the park?' Sophie asked aloud and laughed again as Shelley dashed to the front door and sat patiently waiting for her lead to be attached.

Clipping on the lead and heading out the door, Sophie scrolled through her playlists on her iPod as she shut the noise of the world out. Being careful to avoid certain songs and artists (Adele, no thank you, far too depressing) she began to stride to the local shop to pick up her obligatory paper and can of coke before heading to the park.

The midday sun was fervid on her skin as she let Shelley off her lead, ambling aimlessly around the busy local park. Families were happily playing games, children were whopping with delight on the swings and slide, and teenagers were fooling around with footballs and Frisbees. Sophie felt the familiar bitterness consume her, followed by the all too familiar pang of guilt for being so resentful of other's happiness.

After their usual circuit of the park, Sophie and Shelley stopped by the drinking fountain to fill the large metal dog bowl (which was attached to the bottom of a fountain by a very large chain, who on earth would actually want to take it?) in order to refresh themselves from the heat. As Shelley lapped gratefully from the bowl, Sophie cracked open her can of coke before they found a secluded area in the shade to cool off.

As Shelley enjoyed her usual investigations of the trees and shrubs nearby, Sophie opened her paper, kicked off her sandals and skimmed through the gossip columns and problem pages first, as she always did. The problem pages always made her feel better ('My husband is having an affair with my sister's cross-dressing cousin,' 'My daughter has married a human cannonball and run away with the circus,' 'I have been sleeping with 42 different men and don't know who has fathered my twins,' -- at least my life isn't THAT complicated).

Engrossed in the paper and still listening to the familiar drone of Green Day on her iPod, Sophie suddenly realised that Shelley was nowhere to be seen. Glancing around quickly, becoming more and more worried, Sophie jumped to her feet, ripping the earphones away, whistling and calling out to Shelley as she began jogging around the surrounding area.

Suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, Sophie spotted a blur of white and tan fur streaking towards a nearby tree. Shelley's tail was whipping back and forth furiously as she yelped excitedly. Breaking into a sprint, Sophie dashed after her, trying in vain to call her to heel.

Rounding the large oak tree, slightly out of breath, Sophie stopped dead in her tracks. Shelley had pounced on someone!

'I'm so, so sorry!' Sophie babbled as she gripped Shelley's collar and tore her away from the person lying behind the tree. 'She's not vicious at all, she just gets a little over friendly sometimes, I'm sorry she disturbed you...' she continued to ramble on before realising that the air had filled with the most incredible sound.

Giggling.

'Awww, that's ok. She's so cute. What's her name?' came the voice. Sophie stared down, awestruck at what she was now looking at.

Long, firm, toned and tanned legs (perhaps a Mediterranean ancestry?) were crossed at the ankles, a tight cotton skirt reaching mid thigh, a loose fitting vest top draped over and hid a petite torso and ample breasts. Raven black hair cascaded over olive skinned shoulders. But it was the eyes, those piercing green eyes that caused Sophie to lose all ability to talk.

'Erm.. are you ok?' came the same caramel voice again, snapping Sophie out of her daze.

'What? Oh..yeah. Sorry. Erm... Shelley. Her name's Shelley.' Sophie managed to stammer out, feeling herself flush bright red, her eyes dropping down to her feet as she began to tug Shelley away. 'Like I say, sorry we disturbed you.'

'That's ok, I love dogs. My Gran used to have a King Charles Cavalier just like Shelley. My name's Alex by the way.'

'Oh my god! I thought the eyes had me, but that smile was something else!' Sophie thought to herself.

'She's lovely really, just no manners.' Sophie attempted to smile back, feeling very self conscious. Why hadn't she put on make-up before she left the house? Or a least made a bit of effort with her hair.

'Well I think she's adorable.' Alex reached out and stroked the top of Shelley's head and behind her ears, earning a lick of gratitude for her trouble. 'Now, I know you're Shelley, and we know I'm Alex...' she began, talking to the dog, before looking up and Sophie and dazzling her with that smile again '...and now we're just waiting for one more introduction.'

Butterflies fluttered in Sophie's stomach as she felt herself blush even brighter, embarrassed that she hadn't introduced herself properly.

'Sorry. My name's Sophie. Very pleased to meet you Alex.' Sophie returned Alex's smile and began to fiddle with Shelley's lead, desperately thinking about what to say next, wanting to continue with the conversation, and not wanting it to end.

Fortunately, it seemed that Alex was just as keen to continue chatting.

'And it's a pleasure to meet you Sophie. You too Shelley.' She stroked her again. 'Feel like joining me? I'm trying to work on my tan?'

Was that nervousness I heard in her voice? Sophie wondered.

'Erm, sure. But I don't tan, so I may just sit in the shade. Plus Shelley will overheat with all her fur.' Nice one Sophie, smooth!

Alex bit her lip and looked up at Sophie, considering her carefully. 'Tell you what, how about we grab a drink from the café and find some shade to cool off in?' she asked.

'Sounds great. My treat, to apologise for Shelley's attack.' Sophie giggled as Alex got to her feet, gathering her bag and book before starting to head off to the café. Sophie clipped the lead back on Shelley and quickly bent down to ruffle her fur before quickly whispering 'Good girl,' and following Alex.

*****************************

Both women quickly fell into comfortable conversation as they stretched out below a large horse chestnut tree in the corner of the park, drinking iced mochas as Shelley lay out dozing at Sophie's feet. For the first time in months Sophie felt genuinely relaxed and carefree as the two new friends talked about everything and nothing at all.

Alex had told her that she was 27 and working at a local law firm, hoping to make partner one day. She had moved to the area to be closer to family and she lived alone in the centre of town. Sophie had told Alex about her work as a local high school science teacher and how she lived alone too. They found out they had similar tastes in books and music but completely different tastes in movies -- Sophie was a massive horror fan whereas Alex couldn't get enough of Romcoms -- movies that Sophie absolutely loathed.

Throughout their time chatting, Sophie couldn't help but sneak furtive glances at the gorgeous woman sat beside her. Alex was absolutely stunning and Sophie found it hard to concentrate at times, particularly when Alex leant back on her elbows to stretch out in the shade.

All too soon it was time for Sophie to head home. She stood and clipped the lead to Shelley as she thanked Alex for her company. For the last half an hour she had been struggling inside her own head as how to ask whether Alex would like to meet again. Hell, she wasn't even sure if Alex were gay, life just wasn't that kind!

Low self confidence won out and Sophie lost her nerve, stammering an awkward goodbye before turning around and beginning to amble back along the pathway towards home feeling dejected and cross with herself for being so cowardly. After just a few steps she felt a soft, warm hand reach out and fall onto her shoulder, sending goose bumps all over her arm as she realised that she was now holding her breath. She slowly turned round to see Alex smiling shyly at her, biting her lip and looking directly up into her eyes.

'Oh god, doesn't she know how that smile and those eyes must drive people crazy?' thought Sophie as she almost drowned in Alex's piercing green gaze.

'Sophie...' Alex began softly, there was definitely nervousness in her voice now, '... would you like to have dinner sometime?'

'Breathe! Breathe! Breathe!' Sophie had to remind herself to take a breath before blurting out her answer. 'I'd love to!'

'Great. Here's my number. How about you come over to mine on Saturday? I'm happy to cook something for us, or we can go out or whatever...' Alex was talking softly but very quickly as she handed Sophie a business card. Their fingers brushed lightly as the exchange was made and both women felt the electrical surge pass between.

'Dinner at yours sounds lovely.' Sophie managed to reply as she desperately tried to regulate her breathing again. 'I'll call you Friday to make arrangements, ok?'

'Ok, speak to you Friday. Bye Shelley.' Alex quickly ruffled Shelley's fur one last time before turning away and walking slowly back across the expansive grass, heading for home.

Sophie watched entranced as her ass swayed sexily under her skirt with ever step. Alex glanced back over her shoulder, flashing her dazzling smile and waving back at Sophie as she stood transfixed.

Reluctantly turning away herself, Sophie began her stroll back up the path in the opposite direction, a huge grin spreading over her face. Shelley wagged her tail as she walked to heel beside her, looking up to Sophie. Sophie grinned back down at her beloved dog.

'You...you are a star! I owe you big time!' Sophie laughed as she bent to pet Shelley.

Then it hit her hard! Today was only Tuesday! It was going to be a very long week!

*****************************

It was an excruciatingly long week indeed. Several times Sophie dragged Shelley around the park over and over again, always on the look out for Alex, hoping to just be able to say hello, and stare into those green eyes again. She knew she could probably just phone her, but her pride and nervousness worked against her. She said she would call Friday.

Once Friday had finally arrived Sophie paced back and forth with her phone in her hand, repeating and rehearsing every tiny detail of the conversation in her head. Of course, by the time she had finally plucked up the courage to actually dial Alex's number she had made herself a gibbering wreck and all her well meant plans were quickly forgotten.

Alex's caramel voice was just as alluring as Sophie remembered from the park as they chatted about their week. They agreed for Sophie to drive over to Alex's place for seven o'clock the following evening. After checking Sophie taste in food and allergies (kiwis, sultanas, raisins and bee stings ... although Sophie was pretty confident that Alex probably didn't use stings in her cooking?) Alex had promised a veritable feast of Italian food. Sophie had insisted on bringing wine and dessert (offering dessert had of course caused both women to giggle and flirt outrageously) and everything was set.

Sophie was convinced she had no chance of sleeping that night, the anticipation and adrenaline pulsating through her body simply wouldn't allow it.

*****************************

Sophie spent Saturday trying to keep herself busy by running errands and visiting family and friends, anything to keep her mind off that evening and trying to keep her nerves at bay. She and Alex had agreed to keep things casual as they were eating in but she still spent what seemed like an eternity to choose what she was going to wear.

Soaking herself in the bath and carefully shaving herself, ahem, everywhere, she ensured that she styled her hair carefully and put on a light amount of make up. She dressed herself in her favourite purple silk thong and bra with the black lace trim before slipping on her skin tight years and tight pink vest top, showing just a hint of the top of her firm breasts. Her black stilettos finished off the outfit perfectly. Studying her reflection in the mirror she was happy with the affect -- definitely casual but still a little sexy.

Checking the time and packing up the dessert and wine she began to feel her nerves building as she programmed in Alex's address into her iPod's map feature. Sophie settled Shelley down on her bed, promising her that she would be home later and headed out the door.

The drive was hindered by the Saturday evening traffic and Sophie's inability to follow the directions correctly first time. Eventually she arrived at the tall rise townhouse that Alex lived in and pulled up outside. It was ten past seven. Dam, she was late and that wasn't helping her anxiety levels.

Even though she was late, Sophie gave herself a moment to compose herself before stepping out of the car and nervously approaching Alex's front door. Gripping the bag of dessert and wine in one hand and raising her other to knock on the door, Sophie held her breathe.

Watching the shadow appear behind the glass door Sophie felt her heart thump relentlessly in her chest before the door swung open. Raven hair spilled over her shoulders, dark yet very alluring makeup accented those piercing green eyes and a deep red gloss amplified that stunning smile. Oh my god, she's an absolute goddess!

'Sorry I'm late,' Sophie all but whispered as she felt her eyes run slowly down the length of Alex's body. She was wearing a very simple, very tight little black dress and red heels. So much for casual! 'You look stunning.' Sophie blurted.

Laughing softly, Alex stepped forward and took Sophie's empty hand, pulling her gently across the threshold of the door. 'Thank you, you look gorgeous,' Alex almost purred as she closed the door and reached up to place a very delicate, soft kiss on Sophie's cheek before inviting her into the lounge.

Sophie felt like she might faint!

Soft music played in the background as both women sat down to enjoy a glass of wine together, falling back into the easy and relaxed conversation meant for two friends that had known each other for years. Sophie complimented Alex on her home which was tastefully decorated in neutral tones and had a minimalist feel about it.

Delicious smells of pasta, lasagne and meatballs wafted through the house from the nearby kitchen as they sat together in the dining room, sharing the brushetta that Alex had made before moving onto the main course. Sophie once again complimented Alex, this time for her obvious talent for cooking. They talked of how Alex spent many summers in Southern Italy with distant relatives, learning how to cook real Italian food. It truly was divine, and even the butterflies in Sophie's stomach couldn't stop her from eating.

'So can you speak Italian?' Sophie asked.

'Perché sì posso,' replied Alex before Sophie looked lost, raising her eyebrows in question. 'That means...Why yes I can.' Alex explained.

'I'd love to speak another language,' sighed Sophie wistfully.

'You can always learn a new language,' encouraged Alex. 'Volete saperne di più vino?'

Alex raised the wine bottle over Sophie's glass and Sophie instantly realised what she had been asked.

'No, I better not have any more wine, I'm driving,' she responded as she put her hand over the top of her glass meaning that Alex couldn't pour any in.

Instantly frozen, both women felt themselves being drawn into each other's eyes. Sophie felt she was being devoured by Alex's sharp green gaze, her eyes looked almost hooded as she whispered...

'Muovi la tua mano.'

Sophie looked perplexed, staring back at Alex, unmoving and obviously clueless to this last statement.

'Muovi la tua mano,' Alex stated again, 'Move your hand.'

Stunned, Sophie slowly withdrew her hand and watched as Alex poured an ample amount of wine into her glass without hesitation.

Looking directly into Sophie's surprised blue eyes Alex let a sexy and knowing smirk creep across her face as she softly breathed -- 
