 "Wake up, beautiful."

"Morning, gorgeous." Grace rolled over and kissed Linda. Both of the beauties - each indeed matched the others' verbal description - were clad in panties and babydoll nighties. As was usual when they slept together.

"Grace -- are you awake enough to talk?"

"Sure."

"We should talk about where we are going."

"Going? Is everything OK? For me, everything is going great. Better and better every day, actually. And for you? Is there something special you want to talk about?"

"Well, yes...

"It can't be that you want to know whether I love you - you know that. You want me to tell you how much? How you are my one true soulmate? How I love you soooo much? More than I have ever loved anyone!"

"I always like to hear that, and you know that I love you too, just as much. But that's not it."

"Do you want me to tell you how glad I am you picked me up - seduced me? One simple dance, you said. For 2 girls to dance doesn't mean anything, you said. And then we held hands. And then you squeezed my hand. And then I squeezed back. And at the end of the evening you asked for a light kiss. And then.... then months later I finally went to bed with you. Its been - what, three months we've been making love? More since we started dating, of course. Nine months since that dance. The happiest time of my life."

"When I saw you at that party I couldn't help myself. You were the most captivating girl I'd ever seen. I saw you with those guys eating out of your hand, panting over you. But my reaction was not jealousy over the guys wanting you instead of me. My reaction was that I wanted you too. I was jealous of the guys for having your attention. I'm so glad you finally talked to me. But at that point I never thought you'd consider being with me. With any girl." 

"Well, I sure never imagined when we started talking we'd hit it off so well. That we'd see each other, first as friends, then as BFF's, and then... then, then that first dance, then that first kiss.... Then falling in love, and finally, finally, becoming lovers."

"It sure took me long enough to get you to bed. It wasn't easy seducing a straight girl. But I had to, because I fell in love with you at first sight."

"I was a lot slower. I never, at first, thought I could ever fall in love with a girl. I would never had let myself! And before I made love with you I had to be sure I was in love with you. And you with me. I'm proud to call myself an old fashioned girl."

"That's part of what I love about you. So sweet you had to be in love first. Not too common, today. But that made it so much more special when we did it. But now, you beautiful creature, you're so beautiful I can hardly look at you and remember what I wanted to say."

"Linda, sexy Linda, what do you want to say."

Linda (still in her babydoll nightie and panties) kneels, and then gets down on one knee in front of Grace. Linda trembles, quakes, and then calms down. Summoning all her courage, a look of determination on her radiant face, she pauses, collects herself, pushes her sensuously long hair out of her eyes, reaches for a small box, and holds it in front of her. She opens it and takes out a diamond ring, which she offers to Grace while asking, "Grace, will you make me the happiest and luckiest girl in the world by marrying me?"

Grace gasps in shock! "Linda! Marriage between two women is only for lesbians. I'm not a lesbian! Or even bi. I'm a straight girl!"

"But... don't you love me?"

"Of course I love you. You know I do. More than anything!"

"More than you've ever loved a guy?"

"Of course. And you know that too. I think I've never really loved a guy, not really. I thought I did at the time, but not like this, not this intensely. Not compared to how I love you. Guys are nice, really great, but I'm so much more in love with you than I've ever been with a guy."

Taking Grace's face in her hands and staring into her eyes, Linda continued, almost crying, "Grace, my Graceie, you love me. I love you. Right?"

"Right. A thousand times Right! Please don't cry! I don't want to make you cry!"

"Then why won't you marry me?"

"Because ... because I'm not a lesbian or bisexual! Having sex with you doesn't make me a lesbian. Lesbians marry each other, but since I'm straight I'll marry a man."

"But Grace - you love me and you've never really loved a guy. You're in love with another girl! That means you're a lesbian or at least bisexual." 

"No it doesn't. Lots of women - most women, I think - actually love another woman more than any man. Lots of women are, in truth, much closer to another woman, are more in sync with another woman. Women fulfill each others' needs better. Every kind of need, and every kind of want as well. They confide more with another woman, their soulmate can better be another woman. For most girls their life actually revolves emotionally around another woman. They are closer to other women, more intimate emotionally. 

But usually women don't all it love. Maybe its due to societal pressure that most women are afraid to call it "love". But it really is love, romantic love. I'm sure most women are in denial that the one they love most in the world is another woman. I'm just being more honest when I tell you that I love you, my best girlfriend, with all my heart. 

Besides - you're the most lovable person I've ever met. Anyone would fall in love with such a wonderful person. This doesn't mean I'm a lesbian. Just an honest straight woman."

"But... you also love making love with me, a girl. That makes you at least bisexual. Please kiss me so I can make my point."

The panty clad Linda paused, then kissed Grace. Their hard bodies held each other as the kiss lasted, and lasted, and lasted -- for 10 full minutes! A kiss that eventually included each girl kissing the others' face and neck, their hands rubbing all over one anothers' body. Finally, Linda slowly broke their kiss and, holding Grace close to her and, peppering small kisses all over her face whispered, "Didn't you like our kissing?"

"Yes. God yes! But most women kiss other women. And like it. That doesn't mean most women are lesbians or bi. It just means that girl kisses are much better than guy kisses. More romantic, tender, more passionate, no scratchy hair, with lips so soft, sweet and gentle. Anyone would rather kiss a girl. As Shakespeare put it: "Were kisses all the joys in bed, one woman would another wed." Linda, just because you're a great kisser, just because I can't resist your kisses, doesn't mean I'm a lesbian. It just means I'm a normal woman. Women are just way better at kissing. Its that simple."

Linda then resumed kissing her, and soon started to kiss her breasts. After 10 minute of breast and nipple play Grace moaned, and then became louder and more passionate. Finally Linda reached for her clit. Within seconds Grace lost control, shook her beautiful head from side to side, her gorgeous hair flying, her screams getting louder, and finally she climaxed so loudly Linda worried the neighbors might think someone was being murdered.

After Grace's breathing returned to normal, Linda gently whispered, "Didn't you like that also?"

"It blows my mind when you make me cum. No man ever did that to me, not like that. But it doesn't mean I'm a lesbian, or bisexual. I just love having my breasts and clit get expert attention from a sensitive and patient lover. Any girl would cum when someone as sexy as you, an awesome lover like you, does that to them. Someone as sensuous and beautiful as you are. Especially when its done by someone they are in love with."

"But Grace - you said that when a guy does it to you, you don't cum as often, or as passionately."

"That's because guys don't really know how to do it as well. Like the old saying goes, only a girl really knows how to satisfy another girl. And - being so soft and pretty - you have a big sexual advantage over any guy. Of course no guy can compare with you in terms of lovemaking. Unless he were as soft as you, as pretty as you. Unless he had a pussy so that he knew how to make love to a pussy! Unless he were a she! Its unfair to compare a man to a sexy woman. 

Besides, I've never really been in love with a guy, although I always thought I was at the time. And being in love makes the sex a lot better. But just because I love it when you kiss me and when you rub my breasts and clit doesn't make me a lesbian."

With a look of determination Linda took off her nightie and displayed her gorgeous, perfect C cup breasts. Grace exclaimed in mock anger, "Linda! You're simply not playing fair! You know I'm a sucker for your breasts! You know I can't resist them." Then, proving it, she lunged, taking as much of one of Linda's breasts into her mouth as possible and sucking on her nipple as if her life depended on it. And then the other. Finally Linda pulled Grace a few inches back from her breasts and whispered seductively, "Are you sure you don't like girls just a little bit?"

Grace thrust her head forward, kissed each of Linda's breasts, and then replied, "Don't confuse the issues. Your chest is amazing. Your nipples are infinitely sexier than any guy nipples. Your breasts are so much sexier than any man's breasts that its not fair to compare them. Anyone would agree that girl chests are sexier. So believing this doesn't make me a lesbian."

Linda then switched tactics. "Grace, you cum when you get on top of me and rub your pussy against mine. You love tribbing, being on top, and you kiss me, and our nipples rub, and our clits rub, and we both have the most mindblowing cum ever. Right?" 

"It truly is the best cum ever. But that just means I appreciate beauty, passion, and sensuality. Even though guys are great looking, girls are soooo beautiful. Especially you. When I'm on top I love looking at your sexy face, your hair, feeling you against me, and hearing your sexy voice while you cum. 

Cocks are great. But having our clits rub one another is the hottest thing in the world.... Nature put our clits so that they can make love with each other. A cock feels great inside, but it doesn't directly kiss my clit. Making love to by a cock is like being rubbed on while you wear panties - sure you can cum like that, but its not as nice as doing it directly. 

Loving beauty and passion, and cuming from rubbing my pussy on the hottest pussy in the world - any straight woman would cum from that, I bet, especially if that pussy belongs to the beautiful woman they love. To their soulmate. This doesn't make me a lesbian. All of this just means that nature has equipped women to be much sexier than men in terms of lovemaking. Its not fair to compare you in bed to a man because you - any woman - has so many natural advantages. I think that any straight woman would cum from clit-on-clit lovemaking because its simply the best sexual position ever."

"So, Grace, you like making love with me more than with any man?"

"Of course! You know that! I really like guys but... not only are you so pretty, you're also so passionate. I love the sounds of your lovemaking. Just listening to you makes me cum. Guys are so quiet, just some grunting. Another advantage for girls."

"Grace - you admit that girl kisses are better, that girl chests are sexier, girls are prettier, that tribbing is better than intercourse, that girl lovemaking sounds are better..."

"These are just natural advantages that girls have over guys. So what?"

"In a way, Grace, its like we're already married. Like a husband and wife, we're in love and we make love."

"No, Linda! We're not like a husband and wife! Because its so much hotter when two girls do it! I've been with guys lots of time so I know. And I think that the love between two women is also more intense."

"So why we can't get married?"

"Because... you're not a man."

"Is it because I don't have a cock? Are you saying you wish I had one?"

"Silly! You're perfect the way you are. Your clit is sexier than any cock. If you had a cock you wouldn't have those fabulous tits, that rear, those curves, that beautiful face."

"But you like them, right? Why won't you marry me?"

"We're going in circles. I told you - because I'm not a lesbian! Or even bi!" 

Linda decided to try something else. "Grace, maybe you are completely straight. But why can't a straight women get married to another woman?"

Grace stared mutely into space.

"Where does it say that only 2 lesbians can get married? Any two people can get married now. We can get married even if you're straight!" 

Linda, now clad only in her panties, walked over to Grace, who was sitting. Linda gazed down upon her beautiful face. Linda kneeled, and again asked, "Grace, you stubborn straight woman, the love of my life, will you marry me?"

Grace paused. Tears welled up in her eyes, followed by a release that was both tears and joy. "Yes, Linda. Yes, Yes, Yes!!!!" Grace grabbed Linda and kissed her so hard, and wrapped their bodies together so hard, that the two girls almost merged into one. 

*

Epilogue: Grace and Linda got married and lived happily ever after.