 It's been six months since Marilyn left me for Maddie. I guess it was a mistake to reunite them together. My desires for a threesome was destroyed by their renew lust for each other. I guess that fantasy has to wait. It was an amicable parting, and I wished them the best. I came to the realization that all relationships are equally complex. I was wrong to think my lesbian affair with Marilyn would not endure the trial and tribulation of my previous relationship with men. 

After the break-up, I began to date various men in their twenties. I felt I lost touch with people my own age, Marilyn and Maddie were in their mid-forties and late-thirties, respectively. After three months of dating, I became more confused of my identity. Even though I went as far as having sex with a few men, but I did not feel connected with any of them in mind or spirit. In fact, I was restraining from my true personal and sexual feelings from them.

About a month ago, I decided to explore the possibility of obtaining a graduate degree. I visited a nearby university after work, and the counselor suggested that I discuss it with someone who's been in a similar situation. She introduced me to Julie, who was a bank examiner moonlighting as a law student. Julie was in her late-thirties. She was very pleasant and gave me sound advice. After a few days of thinking, I decided to skip school until another time, and I called Julie to thank her. It was Saturday, Julie invited me to her apartment for lunch. I told her not to make anything, I will bring a pizza.

We sat around Julie's apartment watching TV after lunch. Julie was channel surfing when she came across a show celebrating women's tennis. Julie was a big tennis fan, and we watched the show about Billie Jean King, Chrissie Evert, and Martina Navratilova. In the middle of the show, Julie ask me if I thought Chrissie was a lesbian. I told her that when Chrissie was playing she came across as the only female tennis player that was straight. I noticed that Julie was built comparable to Martina, and I was getting aroused by her amazon features such as her muscular arms, thighs, and ass. Julie replied that Chrissie was probably teasing Billie Jean and Martina in the locker room before and after every match. She doubted that Chrissie can resist Martina's athletic virtues. Julie confessed to fantasizing about having sex with Martina, it would be like having sex with a sculpture young stud. I reached for Julie's face and told her tennis is my favorite game because you need a good forehand and backhand and love is part of the score.

I knelt in front of Julie after we removed our clothing. I pushed her legs apart gently to reach her shaved cunt with my tongue. Julie lowered herself softly toward me as I held on to her athletic thighs for leverage. I gently spread her bare lips apart with my fingers to lick her wet hole. I felt her juices flowing onto my tongue and fingers as my right hand slide around her slippery triangle. The smoothness of Julie's pubic area was stimulating. Julie was writhing wildly as her ass cheeks rubbed violently against my face. I felt Julie's legs trembling from a violent orgasm, the force of her legs made me lose my balance as I fell on my ass behind her.

Julie bend over to glance at me between her legs, I was on the floor behind her admiring her mighty ass. I opened her cheeks gently apart and buried my face in the crack. Julie's knee were on the floor as she lower her head forward to place it near my feet. Julie's ass was directly in front of my face as I ran my tongue up and down the crack. I overcame my initial repression as my tongue circled her dark pucker anus. Julie's anus was glistening with saliva from the action of my tongue. I stretched Julie's cheeks apart as I insert my tongue into her rear tunnel of love, Julie was squirming and panting as my tongue probed her asshole. I smothered my face around her ass and savored the bitter-sweet nectar. Julie scream as I inserted my fingers in and out of her cunt. I held onto her full-round ass for dear life, as Julie squirm in ecstasy. Julie's uncontrollable cry of passion was compounded by her releasing a gentle stream of urine spraying my face.

I steered my mouth to capture her warm flow golden fluid. Julie was alarmed by her little accident and tried to squirm away from my grasp. I caressed her ass smoothly to help her regain her composure, as I continued to lick her wet pussy. I felt Julie's body quivering from another thundering orgasm and her legs buckled and collapsed on me. I took her panties from the floor to wipe dry my face, neck, and chest. After drying my self off, I retrieve my panties to wipe dry Julie's cunt, ass, and thighs. Julie tried to apologize for the accident, but I reassured her, it was a wonderful accident. Julie was resting across on the floor on her stomach with me sitting between her legs. I playfully nudge her breast with my feet. Julie snatched one of them and complimented me on how pretty and dainty my feet are. She admired the rosy red polish and each toenail was clipped evenly across the tip. I sighed as Julie began to suck on my toes.

Afterward, Julie and I went to the couch to recover, and I sat on her lap to kiss her. She hungrily kissed me to taste herself on my tongue, lips, and mouth. I straddle Julie's thighs as my hairy pussy grind feverishly onto her groin. Julie's eyes were fixated on me as my juices flowed out to soothe the friction on her groin. I was shaking from a roaring orgasm as I felt my wetness escape me. Julie cradled me in her arms like a baby as I sucked on her right full breast. I felt her hands initially combing my pubic hair and eventually cupping my cunt to feel my juice.

Julie said it was my turn to have a tongue examination. I was instructed to lean forward to touch my toes, as Julie sat down behind me. I tried to give her as great a view of my ass without losing my balance. Julie's tongue circle my anus. I felt my ass cheeks spread apart as Julie's wet tongue penetrated me. I was enthralled by the sensation of her tongue probing me and the natural movements of my sphincter to engulf and to release her tongue. I felt her nose nuzzling at the crack of my ass. At the same time Julie's finger were doing magic to my pussy and teasing the pubic hair near my asshole. It wasn't long before I came, Julie managed to keep her tongue in me throughout the rapture. I sat on the floor to recover from the ecstasy, I playfully ran my feet across Julie's breast when she grabbed them and kissed them softly.

Julie helped me to my feet gingerly and carried my limp body to her bedroom. She set me on her bed gently and retrieved a strap on dildo. I was wet with anticipation as Julie put the contraption on. I took special delight to wet the tip of her artificial dick for luck. In one smooth motion, Julie's shoulder pushed my legs back toward me and I felt her on top of me. I let out a passionate yell as I felt Julie's tongue muffled my cry of joy. I couldn't resist except to flick my tongue against her tongue and move my groin up to meet her thrusting motion. I was enthralled by the natural rhythm of our motion. I demanded and pleaded Julie to fuck me in the ass in the midst of a thundering orgasm. 

I lay on the bed panting and pleading for Julie to fuck me in the ass. Julie pushed my feet high in the air to view my asshole. She wet her fingers and massage the entrance to my backdoor with my natural juices. Julie pulled my thighs apart gently with her arms and her hands guided my ass off the bed. My feet were dangling in front of her face, and Julie rested them on each side of her shoulders. Julie turn her head lightly to suck my toes. I was giggling as Julie pulled me up to face her and penetrated my asshole with her dick. In one smooth motion, Julie was bouncing me off her groin, I held onto Julie for dear life. I screamed with excitement as the thrust of Julie's crotch pounded against my ass. The sound of flesh hitting against flesh fill the room. Julie kissed me madly to suppress my cry of pleasure. I felt her tongue licking the tears of passion from my face. My pulsating pussy was dripping with juice and flowing freely She finally release me after another thundering orgasm. As I lay on the bed panting and crying with lust, Julie removed the dildo and cradled my head on her thighs and stroke my hair to comfort me. I embraced the strap on dildo against my chest to treasure the moment. I savored the aroma of our juices with my tongue. 

Afterward, Julie confessed that when she was an undergraduate student and a member of the tennis team she would fantasized about Billie Jean seducing a young Martina on the tennis tour. The fantasy was triggered by Billie Jean's admission of a lesbian relationship with her hair stylist, and subsequently Martina's many open lesbian relationships through the tabloids. The fantasy would expand to Billie Jean and Martina taking advantage of the pretty young girls on the tennis tour. Julie said despite her fantasies, she turned to woman for sex when it became increasingly difficult for her to get dates. It seem most men were intimated with Julie's athletic abilities. It started with a lonely cheerleader in the dorm who was stood up by a member football team on a Saturday night. She loves playing the male role in all of her lesbian relationship. 

This will be Julie's graduating year from law school. It will be a busy and hectic schedule for Julie to complete her classes and pass the bar exam. I will be there to provide assistance to relieve the tension. I suggested to Julie that upon passing the bar exam, she should specialize in representing female tennis players. I can see the possibilities: Steffi Graff, Monica Seles, and maybe we'll really know the truth about Chrissie.