 Someone requested that I do a story about how Blue and I met. I thought that sounded like a fun idea! 

Blue and I wrote this together.

It was a party. I won't bore you with details about the party, because that's not why you're all here.

Right when I stepped in the front door, I had no hope for this party. I looked around and saw plenty of reasons to NOT be here. Lots of pervy old dudes and fake girls hanging around.

So I said, "fuck this", and turned right around to leave. I almost did... 

Hey...wait...what is that over there? I was sure I'd seen something interesting...or rather...someONE...

Huh...suddenly, a reason to be here...and a reason to stay...

Oh my goodness! She's sooooooo cute! There goes my heart! Short, gorgeous black hair and eyes that could make me do ANYTHING to her... but, no. She probably wasn't going to be interested in a girl like me... she was too cute and here I was in my slutty cut-off shorts that don't even come CLOSE to covering my ass... 

I just stood there looking at her and then her eyes met mine. My, my, my...maybe there was more there than I thought...I won't tell you what that did to my pussy, 'cause I'm pretty sure you can figure it out. 

I had to make sure I wasn't dripping. 

I could tell, right then, she might look all innocent...but she definitely was NOT.

I had to make her mine...I HAD to take her home...

I found somewhere to sit where no one could see what I was about to do...

I looked right at her to catch her eyes...oh boy...she was NOT having fun. She was just looking around...and she's checked her watch twice, already...

Hmmmmm...nice watch...wonder if she has someone who loves her who gave it to her...oh...hope not. Judging by that look she gave me, probably not.

Time for some fun...

I smiled at her to keep her eyes on me...it worked...

No one could see me as I spread my legs...my ragged slutty shorts were not hiding my pussy. 

Okay, no panties either.

I kept my eyes on her...I made sure she could see my hand caressing my smooth inner thigh...

Her mouth opened a bit and her eyes lit up...

I know I saw her fabulous breasts rise as she breathed deeper.

Fuck...I have her now...I just know it...but, 

I'm such a fucking tease, I have to play some more...

Keeping my eyes on hers, I slipped my finger inside my pussy...my back straightened...I threw my hair back, and I made sure she could see all of this.

Her eyes moved from my pussy to my face and back down again...I watched her swallow hard...

Her breathing was deeper and she squirmed...

When I slid my finger in MUCH deeper, I saw her gasp her next breath...

I brought my finger to my lips and spread my juices on my lips, then sucked my finger for her to watch.

I saw her hand disappear between her gorgeous thighs.

I thought, "That's it...time to make my move."

I stood up and didn't bother adjusting my shorts...my throbbing pussy was barely covered by the straggly fringe...my thighs were wet and glistening with my juices...and visibly so. Just the way I wanted them.

When I got to her, I leaned down with my hands on my knees.

I looked right into her eyes and said, "I can take you to the stars, and ride with you amongst them on a neverending wave of passion...will you go?"

She looked right back at me and said, ''What, are we in a chickflick? You need something better than a pick-up line to impress me, baby.''

Ooooh, my heart melted a little more when she called me baby...and she wanted to be impressed? I'd impress her, alright.

I sat down beside her and got close to her neck, right under her ear and said, "Okay...how's this? All I want to do is take you back to my hotel room, tear those clothes off you and make you cum over and over until the sun comes up."

She grinned up at me with her bangs in her eyes. 

"Prove it."

I took her hand, kissed it and stepped back, hoping she would get up and follow me. When she stood up, my heart melted...so fucking cute and precious, she was! I had to have her...and I would...

I led her out of the awful party and out to my limo. We hopped in and I instructed my driver to take the long way back to the hotel.

I reached to her and caressed her under her chin...I was so close to her lips. "Please goodness...pleeeeeeease kiss me." 

I brought my lips to hers very softly...oh my...it was like kissing an angel...who was also a little fucking devil because she slid her tongue into my mouth...

Our kiss ended breathlessly and she took my hand...I noticed her softly rubbing the back of my hand. "Is this...real?" 

I smiled and said, ''oh sure, that's a real hand. I have two of them!"

"No...I meant your tan...or were you born that way?"

I cleared my throat...okay...a valid question. "If you mean sprayed on, hell no...I worked very hard for this tan in the sun, my dear."

Then, she looked down my shirt just a little, then tugged at the waist of my shorts, then looked at me. "My god...is it all over?"

"Yes, its all over!" 

I kicked off my heels. "And you..." 

I quickly got out of my little top. "are suddenly..." 

I slipped right out of my shorts...no bra, no panties. "Overdressed!" 

I leaned back and spread my legs for her...my swollen butterfly pussy right there for her to see.

"Oh...oh my...you're naked and everything!"

"Indeed...as I am more often that not. Know what? We haven't introduced ourselves." I stuck out my hand. "My name's Sunny."

She was looking at my body with her mouth open. Oh wow...those lips of hers...I wanted her mouth full of my pussy sooooooo bad...

I smiled at her. "Okay, let's start over. I'm Sunny and you are?"

Her pretty eyes darted to mine. "Oh! My name is Blue...Blue...call me Blue."

"Oooooooooo...I love your name! And I have a feeling I WILL be calling you Blue very loudly..."

I held out my arms to her. "Please come to me Blue...let me hold you as the precious treasure you are."

She crawled up onto my body and straddled me, her arms around me...her lips met mine and she kissed me so, so deeply, her wonderful tongue sliding eagerly into my wet mouth.

I found the zipper on her dress and slid her dress down over her ass, then used my foot to remove it completely. She was wearing the absolute cutest, sweetest pair of panties...so nice! But, they had to come off too. Over her ass they went, and down her legs with my foot.

I spread her legs back apart and slid my hands down her back, over her ass and down the back of her luscious thighs...her breath was hot on my lips...

"Oh...Sunny...fuck..."

She devoured my lips some more, kissing me harder...fucking my mouth with her tongue and purring for me...I slid my finger up her velvety inner thigh, oh-so-close to her silky-smooth pussy...

I slid my mouth to her ear...

"Blue...my lovely lady...I want my mouth buried in your pussy so fucking bad...I want to make you cum in my mouth over and over and over." 

She was excited. "Fuck yes! I want that too! Just...watch what you wish for. When I cum, I come a LOT. I...hope that's...okay?"

THAT sent a lightning bolt through my body!

"OH FUCK! ME TOO!"

"NO WAY!"

"HELL YES!"

Damn...as if it was possible, I wanted her more than EVER! 

"Oh, Blue...I HAVE to have you! We're almost to our hotel."

She said, "so, we're almost there...shouldn't we get dressed?"

"Nope! We grab this blanket, KINDOF cover ourselves and make a run for it!"

"Uh...that blanket isn't big enough for both of us...it sure wont cover our asses."

"Eh...we don't care, do we?"

"Nope! I guess not, huh!"

We arrived at the hotel and hopped out. We ran for the elevator...two mostly naked women...right past the front desk.

People were gathered in lobby. We didn't care, but the desk clerk did!

"Miss Sunny, you can't...!"

I called back to him, "Just did!"

The penthouse elevator was waiting for us...we hopped on and the door closed behind us.

Blue just looked at me like I was crazy. She was driving me crazy, alright. Fuck! I wanted her!

But, Blue was still looking at me like that and I knew I had to answer her question. "What is it, baby?" 

"So...a penthouse elevator, huh? And the clerk knew your name. Who exactly IS Sunny?" 

"Oh, there'll be time for that later. Right now, Sunny is yours!" 

On the elevator, I pressed her against the wall, but only took her hand and kissed it all over while looking in her blue eyes.

"Fuck Sunny...don't tease me like this!"

I had Blue pressed against the elevator door...suddenly, it opened into the penthouse and we fell out and right into the head penthouse butler, knocking him to the floor!

There he was dressed in his tux, and tangled up on the floor with two naked, and laughing, women! 

Not a bad day at the office for him, huh?

The poor man was so embarrassed...I felt so bad for him. He leapt to his feet with his hand over his eyes.

He exclaimed, "Miss Johansen! I...I'm so sorry! So, so sorry!"

I put my hand on his arm. "Don't worry! You didn't know we'd fall on you!"

He said, "Or that you'd be dressed so...well...comfortably. I'm so sorry!"

I gently turned him around. "Off you go, then! Treasure this memory! And when you speak of this...and you will...make us look DAMN good, okay?"

And then Blue, who had been quiet this whole time, started to giggle. I knew what she was thinking...We already DO look damn good!

Then we got into bed, I WOULD tell you it started gently and lovingly, but, that's just not how it happened.

We were way too hungry and hot for each other. Blue hoped on the bed, leaned back on her elbows, spread her legs and said, "Take me Sunny!"

I dove between her thighs and buried my face in her wonderful pussy...I held her ass and devoured her. Fuck! She was the lady of my dreams...the lady I wanted to eat until she came, but NOT STOP...continuing to suck her pussy and eat her, making her cum over and over while she held onto my hair, screaming and begging for more and more.

What I ADORED about her...she didnt just cum! Her cum poured and poured from her! FINALLY, someone just like me!

After she came ferociously...I don't know how many times...she grabbed my body and threw me onto my back...oh FUCK! Blue REALLY knew how to eat and suck my pussy!

I NEVER have been tongue-fucked like that before! Over and over again, my body was rocked by hard orgasms she gave me with her skillful mouth. Was it...20 times I came? Maybe more?

What I know is that we had each other's cum ALL OVER US...

The sun was starting to come up...we collapsed, holding onto each other.

We smothered each others lips in soft, wet kisses...kept holding each other and fell asleep...but, right before I fell asleep, I could hear my mind and my heart telling me, 

"Oh damn...this is the one...she's it...she's the one."

When woke that morning, I thought hard...should I tell her I love her? Should I? I want to, but...so hard...yet, seemingly so easy.

Blue woke up...it was clear...she wanted to tell me, also.

"Uh...Blue?''

"Uh...Sunny?

"I...I was sure I'd never say this again..."

"I know...me too."

"But, I find myself wanting to more than ever before, Blue."

"I know, Sunny...me too..."

"I know I'm sure, Blue...just so scared of hurting you...except, if I love you, I wouldn't hurt you anyway, so..."

Blue blurted it out. "Oh, fuck it...I love you!"

"I love you, too!"

"It feels so good to be able to say it! I love you, Sunny! I love you!"

"I love YOU, Blue! I love you!!

Thank-you for reading!

My love to all,

Sunny

© 2016 Sunny Johansen