 (Thanks for all the feedback on my first story. Some of them were nice, some were mean but all were constructive. Thank you for that. I am always looking for suggestions so feel free to send them to me. Enjoy this chapter.)

(I am looking for an editor for the next chapter, so if you're interested please contact me.) 

*

The sound of alarm woke me. It's five am, what the fuck, why am I waking up this early. Carrie. Yes, she's the reason. Should I have called her my mistress? Nah, it's my head, I'll think whatever I want to. Or is it? I mean she did say I belong to her. I do what she says. I don't have to think about anything other than being her slut. That sounded simple enough. But why was I doing this? Didn't I love my life? Didn't I love my confidence? Didn't I love Kirstin? Kirstin, what will she think about all this? I can't tell her. I love her. But what I feel for Carrie is also love. Or at least I think it is. Well, it's complicated. It's ten past five. Shit!! I am going to be late. I get out of bed and into my bathroom. That's when I realized, I was still naked. Why was I naked? Mistress was not here. How would she know? Who's there to tell her? Why did I obey her instructions when she was not even here? These questions were bothering me a lot.

No time to think. I have to hurry, get to school in time. I showered quickly. Shaved my pussy as instructed. As I opened my wardrobe to find something appropriate to wear to school I remembered. I no longer had any sensible clothes. Mistress took them all. I chose a Black skirt and white top. The top was mostly good. But there was one problem with it. I'm sure you would have guessed by now. The top became transparent when wet. With the absence of a bra, this was even more of a concern. I was fucked. The skirt was modest. Average length, at least 4 inches below my pussy. I think mistress missed this one. I wore my coat over the top and was about to walk out with my car keys when I got this weird feeling like I was forgetting something. What am I forgetting???

Fuck it. I can't remember. I walked out towards my car. Driving to school wearing a skirt and no panties was very distracting. I could constantly feel air on my pussy. It was very arousing. I'm pretty sure I'm wet, maybe dripping even. Can't get distracted. Got to get to school. 

I arrived five minutes late. Mistress is going to be pissed. Walking briskly towards the elevator I felt the stares. They can tell. They can tell what a dirty little slut I am, not wearing any bra and underwear. I enter the elevator and press the button to the fifth floor. As the door to the elevator is about to close, a hand interrupts it. Fuck. Seriously?

The door opens slowly and the face of Mr. Red appears in front of me. I freeze. Mr. Red is the school principal A.K.A my boss. 

"Good morning, Eva." He said staring at my chest. I hate this guy. I know hate is a strong word to use but I really do hate him. He is a perv. He is always hitting on the female staff, talking inappropriately and staring. Oh god, his staring, staring at breasts, staring at asses, staring at each and every curve. I get the appeal the female form has but don't be this obvious.

"Good morning, sir" I said. Hoping my time in the elevator with this perv ends soon. Standing in the elevator I could feel his eyes traveling all over my body. My breasts, my midriff, my ass all of them were under his observation. Could he tell? Could I tell my lack of panties? The absence of any visible panty lines should be an easy giveaway. 

The small time it took to the fifth floor felt like an hour. As the elevator door opened I walked out of the elevator quietly, wishing him a good day. I cannot tell him to go fuck himself, now can I?

Walking towards Mistress' room I could feel the familiar tingle in my pussy. My head was running wild. What will happen in her room? What does being her sub mean for me in my workplace? Surely she can't expect me to dress anymore provocatively than I am already. She won't make me do anything that will put my job in danger. She cares for me. She loves me. Classes were about to start any second. I should be in my room. Feeling a range of emotions from fear to anticipation and arousal I knocked on the door. 

"Come in." that's all she said.

I walked in timidly and immediately recognized disappointment on her face. I was late. I failed her. 

"We don't have much time before classes start. You are already late. You will be punished slut." I cringed at being called a slut at school. Anyone could hear her. 

"And you will be. Meet me in the staff washroom in the administration wing during the break." She said. I have disappointed her. I will do anything to make up for it. 

"As for now, strip." She said. I wanted to please her. I did as I was told. I removed my coat and slowly started to unbutton my shirt. Naked from the waist above, I looked at my mistress' face to see her reaction. I saw more disappointment. What did I do now? I pushed my skirt down and stood in her office stark naked. Anybody could walk in through the door at any moment and see me in this state. I was scared. If caught this could jeopardize my career. More than that the humiliation would be unbearable. But the risk was worth it. I cannot loose Carrie. 

"I see you did not completely follow my instructions, slut." What was she talking about? I shaved, didn't wear any panties, put rubber bands over my nipples. Oh, fuck!! I completely forgot about the rubber bands.

She walked towards me with bands in her hand. Pinching my already hard nipples she put them over my right nipple and did the same with the left one. I could feel a slight ache over them. They were hurting but would keep my nipples hard.

"Did you rub yourself to near orgasm twice this morning?" she asked coldly. What was I doing? How could I forget? I stayed silent, slightly lowering my head in shame. I had disappointed her again. 

"You need to be taught a lesson, slut. You will not defy me. You will follow every command I give like your life depends on it. "She said as she walked up to me and slapped me. I felt like crying. Walking back to her table, she opened her purse and pulled out two silver balls from it. They were attached together by a nylon string.

"Put this in your pussy, slut." That's all she said.

She handed me the balls. They were cold and heavy. I touched my pussy to lubricate it but found it to be very wet already. Why was I enjoying this so much? I should be terrified, embarrassed and humiliated. But I didn't feel any of it. All I felt was my eagerness to please her. I wanted to make up for my mistakes and make her proud. Finally, I inserted the balls into my pussy but without my panties they would slip out.

"You are to keep the Ben Wa balls inside your pussy till I remove them myself or tell you to do it. Do not let them slip out, slut. Now get dressed and leave. There is a class waiting for you." This will be difficult. I was so wet that I was pretty sure that the balls would slip out as soon as I start walking. Clenching my pussy muscles I picked up my shirt and buttoned it. Pulling up my skirt and putting on my coat, I started to leave. 

"And, remember you are not to cum without my permission." 

Walking out of her room I looked at my watch. It was 8:15 AM. I am fifteen minutes late to my class. I started walking quickly towards my room. I could feel the balls moving inside me, arousing me further. I don't know if I can spend the next three hours without cumming with this much stimulation. Clenching my pussy was also very tiring. I reached outside my class and stopped to catch my breath and waited for the arousal to slowly subside. I am a teacher. I enjoy teaching, I can do this. 

I opened the class door and walked in. After settling the class, I walked over to my supply closet to retrieve my marker. There was just one. I swear I had a full box on Friday. Concentrate on teaching, Eva. I walked over to the board and started teaching. 

The first two classes went relatively normal. I could still feel the balls inside me moving as I moved. It was difficult to concentrate. But it was nothing I couldn't handle. The constant fear of the balls slipping out was, what was actually troubling me. Somehow I taught the first two classes in a somewhat professional manner. When the third class started is when monotony of normal classes ended.

It all started when marker ran out of ink. I'll have to get new ones from the supply manager, my mistress. I was in dilemma. Should I go myself to get a new box of markers or should I send someone else? Wanting to maintain the uneventfulness of the previous two classes I decided to send a student to get them. He returned and handed me the box. It seems like I made the right decision.

As I opened the box to get a new marker, I was shocked with what I saw. There was another pair of ben wa ball inside it with a note. What was she thinking sending this 'stuff' to my classroom? What if the student had opened the box? I picked up the note and read it.

"Slut,

I hope you haven't let the ben wa balls slip out. That would be so embarrassing for you. Wouldn't it? I suppose you have already gotten used to them inside of you. So to make things a little more interesting I decided you should have another pair inside. Insert them in your cunt in the classroom itself. I am sure you are smart enough to find out a way. Don't disappoint me again slut.

Mistress"

I can't do that. I am having difficulty as is, in my current situation. I can't have two more balls inside me. That would make teaching impossible. But I can't disappoint her again. Not after this morning. I can't believe I am actually considering doing this. But how would I insert them here in the classroom? I have an idea. 

"Do a silent reading of chapter six, ask me anything you don't understand." I told the class as I sat in my chair. The chair and the desk in front would provide me with enough cover from waist below. I can insert the balls while sitting if I am subtle enough. 

Sitting, I slowly hiked my skirt. Spreading my legs, I extended a finger to touch my pussy. Fuck, that felt so good. I was so involved in teaching that I didn't realize really how arousing all this was. Closing my eyes I inserted a finger into my wet cunt. I moved my finger in and out of my snatch as my arousal reached new heights. I could feel the balls inside of me. This was all too much. I am about to cum. What?!!

I can't cum, I am in my class room. I open my eyes abruptly, and look around frantically hoping no one was watching me. No one did. Everyone was involved with reading or talking amongst themselves. I got really carried away. This can't happen again. Grabbing the box I put it out of everyone's view. I removed the ben wa balls from it and moved it towards my crotch. The first contact nearly made me cum. As I pushed the balls inside I felt the cold metal against my pussy. The first ball went in and then the second. I felt so full. I can't keep them in. They will fall out if I stand up. I looked at my watch. There were fifteen minutes left before the class ended. Hoping no one asks me anything I started waiting for the class to end. Each minute felt like an hour. I could feel the balls about to slip out. Quickly I moved my hand towards my pussy cupping it. Just in time. Whew. That was close. Just then, the bell rang and students moved out. I was glad I was finally alone. I have to meet mistress in the staff washroom. I slowly stood up. That's when I noticed that my skirt was still hiked up. Oh my god, did anyone else see it while leaving the classroom? Pushing the skirt down, I moved towards the door. Taking small steps, can't risk them slipping out. I was about to reach the door when it was pushed open. It was Carr.. no, mistress.

I relaxed as I saw her. She had that effect on me. I feel something for her, I just don't know what. In my relaxed state, I felt the balls slip out. They fell on the ground with a loud sound. This was so humiliating. Immediately I clenched my pussy again to avoid the rest of the balls from slipping out but It was too late. 

"You can't keep them in, can you?" she said. "You are a loose slut." I was totally humiliated. I felt like a dirty loose slut, just like mistress said. 

"Pick them up and close the door." That's all she said. The tingling sensation in my crotch returned. I was filled with fear and anticipation. Despite being humiliated so recently, I couldn't wait to know what she had planned for me next. She was right, despite no sexual contact with her I was aroused beyond belief and was sure of a release soon. I did as I was told. Picked up the balls and bolted the door to the classroom.

"Strip and then crawl to me." I quickly removed all my clothes and started moving towards her on all fours. I saw her removing her heels. She's going to make me lick her to another orgasm. I can't wait to get a taste of that sweet pussy again. I was wrong, she had other plans for me.

Extending her feet she said, "Worship my feet, slut. That's all you deserve of me after this morning." What?! What does she mean by 'worship my feet'? Did she expect me to kiss them, lick them? I wasn't repulsed by her feet, I actually found them visually pleasing, but I had never done this before. Before this morning I had not done a lot of thing. This was turning out to be a day for lots of first. As I moved my hands towards her feet she pulled back.

"No, with your mouth." That's all she said. Moving my head towards her feet, still naked on all fours, I kissed her right foot, licked it and then kissed it again. I should be humiliated by all this. But I was feeling special. I was worshipping my mistress. I licked her feet, from heel to her toes. Then repeated the same with her left feet. After, what must have been five minutes, she finally told me to stop.

"That's enough slut. You really would do anything for me wouldn't you? "She said. "Yes mistress" I replied. I really would do anything.

"Stand up and bend over your desk slut." She said. I complied. In my new position I was completely vulnerable. I could feel her gaze on my pussy. I felt a finger on my slit. She was finally going to get me off. Touching my pussy, she started moving her fingers in and out of me. Simultaneously she stimulated my clit, which aroused me further. I could feel my wetness dripping down the side of my thighs. I was very close. Just as I was at the peak of my arousal about to tip over any second, she removed her hand abruptly. 

"What?! Please mistress please let me cum. "I said pathetically.

"One." That's all she said. As my arousal subsided she resumed her efforts after a few minutes. She started rubbing my pussy more frantically this time. Stimulating my clit she extended another finger and touched my asshole. My arousal skyrocketed, I was about to cum when she once again stopped abruptly and removed her hands.

"Two" she said. "That is what you forgot this morning. As a punishment from now on you are to do this, five times before coming to school." FIVE TIMES!! I can't possibly do that. She cleaned her hand by smudging the wetness on my back.

Just then the bell rang. Break was over. Another five minutes before the final bell rang, and the students will return and see me in this state. I looked over to my mistress, she didn't seem concerned by the bell at all. She opened my drawer and pulled out the box of markers. Pulling out a marker she uncapped it, walked over to me and then wrote something with it on my ass. Putting the cap back on, she turned and walked to the door. "Get dressed slut. I will see you after school in this very room." She said before finally opening the door and leaving. She left the door opened. I ran towards it and closed it once again. Dressing quickly, I pulled out my pocket mirror, redid my makeup and straightened my hair before opening the door once again. The students started entering as I moved back towards my table. That is when I noticed that I had left my ben wa balls on my table. I quickly put them in my drawer and sat down on my chair to regain my composure. 

Rest of the school day went very uneventfully. I was still aroused from the two near orgasm and was also wondering what mistress wrote on my ass. But I managed to keep myself busy. As the final bell rang and the students started moving out, my phone buzzed. It was a message from mistress.

"Meet me where I told you to this morning." that's all it said. The staff toilet in the administration building. I cleaned up my table quickly and exited the classroom. With anticipation, I reached the administration building and entered the staff toilet. No one was there. There were three stalls, and all were unoccupied. I waited for ten minutes before my phone buzzed again. 

"Strip, put your clothes on the shelf outside the stalls and enter the farthest stall from the door. Keep the stall door unlocked. I'll be there soon." It read. I was scared. This toilet was used constantly by other staff members. Anyone could enter at any moment. But I didn't want to disappoint her. I quickly stripped, and put the clothes on the shelf. Entering the stall I closed the door but kept it unlocked. I stood there scared. Each and every sound frightened me. It was five minutes before I heard the door opened. It could be anyone. I heard the footsteps moving towards my stall. They stopped. Then the stall door opened. It was mistress. Thank god.

"I am happy to see you followed my instructions slut." She said. I felt pride. "Come out." As I stepped out of the stall I saw her bolt the door to the toilet. I felt relief. She had a bag in her hand. 

"Kneel." I complied. "You still need to be properly punished for this morning slut." She said pulling out a paddle from her bag. I knew what was coming. She was going to spank me. I have been spanked before. Kirstin does it playfully sometimes. My nipples were aching from the rubber bands over them. Removing the rubber bands she said, "Straighten your back, Eva." I loved the sound of my name from her mouth. As I did that, I saw the paddle swing. She smacked my nipples with the paddle. Ouch!! It stung a lot but I didn't say a word. I want to make her proud. I want her to love me. I'll do anything do achieve that. She smacked my other nipple. She continued to smack them, with each one being more painful than the previous. After about ten smacks she finally eased up. I had tears in my eyes. I have never felt this much pain, but it just feels worth it. It will bring me closer to Carrie. Wiping away tears from my eyes she leaned towards me and kissed me. 

"You did good, slut. But remember, never defy me again." She said. I felt close to her, I felt warm, loved. It was amazing.

"Get up." she said pointing towards the shelf. I understood. I climbed the shelf and sat on it. With her hands on my knees, she spread my legs. Moving her mouth closer to my slit she said, 

"You have a nice pussy, slut. Really nice but loose." I burnt red with shame as I remembered the humiliation during the break. Still close to my pussy, she said "You would like me to lick your pussy, wouldn't you?" I nodded. She slapped me right at my clit. 

"You are my slut, I am your mistress. Remember that. Your job is to please me. Not the other way around. Do you understand?" She said. "Yes mistress." I said mewling.

"There is another matter we need to discuss slut. When is your 'girlfriend' coming back?" she said. I cringed as she mentioned Kirstin.

"Tomorrow morning, mistress." I said. What am I going to tell Kirstin? 

"That can be a problem slut. You will not tell about any of this to your girlfriend." She commanded. "I will not visit you at home. You can continue your 'relationship' with your 'girlfriend', and I will not interfere with it. But whenever she's not around, you are my sub. Do you understand?" I nodded slightly relieved. This could work. But I would have to lie to Kirstin. I hate doing that. 
