 If it's fantasy-fiction, you know I'll tell you. This is not fiction. 

It's real sex between Blue and I...and my pussy screaming at me to cum...

It was still dark when I awoke this morning with a deep-down need...an urge to suck Blue that I felt all the way to my toes before I even opened my eyes.

My sweet baby, fast asleep, had her legs around me, her arms around my back. I could feel her lips nearly touching mine...so close, I could feel her hot breath inside my mouth.

An involuntary whimper escaped my throat with my lips to hers...I purred while gently sliding my tongue in her wet mouth. That made my body throb with need for her sweet pussy in my mouth. I could feel my juices flowing from deep inside me.

Blue was still asleep. That was fine. I didn't need to wake her to suck her. I slid down her body, which was already wet from my pussy dripping on her. My body slipped between her legs, spreading them more. While I was sliding my arms under her silky thighs, my open mouth met her pussy and I immediately captured her hot outer lips, sucking with the urgency of the sex-driven woman that I am for her.

I came right away...

With all that my body had been feeling for the last few minutes, it took only HER pussy in MY mouth to make my body rock with a hard, shuddering orgasm, soaking the soft towels on which we sleep, and making me drive my mouth harder against her pussy, screaming deep inside her while I came, seemingly nonstop.

Baby made hot, sexy sounds in her sleep, then cried out and gripped my shoulders with her legs, grabbing at my hair. With my grip firm on her ass, I roughly drove my tongue into her and she fucked at my face...my eager mouth rode her relentlessly to her orgasm, taking her hot, sweet cum down my throat.

I kissed her pussy all over, pausing to lick her cum and juices oozing from her and making her squeal softly and jump a little with every little kiss...every little lick...every little suck.

Baby slipped her hands under my arms and pulled me to her mouth. Our lips pressed together and our tongues fucked amidst soft sweet whimpers.

Our legs intertwined and we both ended up with thighs against pussies...Blue rolled us over with her on top, grabbed my ass and thigh, placed her head against my shoulder and eagerly fucked herself on me, her breath on on my skin and her upper thigh slapping my pussy!

She pounced her mouth on mine and we fucked savagely like that, screaming with our mouths together when we each came, her hard-pulsing pussy flooding my body with her ladycum, so fucking hot, it sent pleasure all through me!

It was still dark outside, pitch-dark in our room.

My hot lady licked and kissed my body from head to toes...she slid her tongue up the inside of my legs, then sucked my inner thigh...

Oooooooooohhhhhhh...I was going to cum again...

She relished making me squirm hotly with her mouth on my soft inner thigh, sooooooooo close to my pussy. I was throbbing hard and she was holding my thighs apart, now blowing her hot breath through her pursed lips on my pussy.

My body jolted hard! I spoke in a loud, urgent whisper, "Fuck...baby...cummingfuck..."

Like a hungry, wild animal, she took my pussy with her mouth, growling while sucking the hell out of me, her mouth full of my large outer lips...my orgasm came hard! I could feel my cum flow from me to her eager mouth, and I could feel her try to keep sucking while she swallowed every drop of me!

Making deep, sexy, guttural sounds, she rolled us over with me on top of her. I got on my hands and knees and she slid down under my pussy and spoke urgently, "Feed your pussy to me...give me your pussy. I want it all."

I tossed my ass-length hair back and spread my knees apart. I could already feel the heat from her mouth on my pussy and I lowered it down to her, but she didn't wait.

My hot baby clamped her hands on my hips and lifted herself up to meet my dripping pussy with her mouth...with my body already on the edge of another wild orgasm, I lowered myself more...her muffled voice came from my pussy, "Sunny's pussy is MINE!"

She screamed, pulled me roughly onto her mouth and buried her face in my pussy, sucking my enraged clit in her mouth...my body went into hard spasms and I came in her mouth, screaming out fucking loud!

When my orgasm ended, my Blue rubbed her face in my pussy to get the last of my cum all over her face...I fell over onto my side and she slid up to me, rubbing her lips on mine and purring to me. I licked her face, loving the way I tasted on her cheeks and lips.

We kissed deeply with our bodies wrapped around each other, then fell asleep, utterly and completely exhausted.

The End

Thank-you for reading!

Sincerely,

Sunny

© 2018 Sunny Johansen

Protected by Copyscape Theft Detection