 (Sorry For the delay, I just wanted to cover a little more plot than usual for a chapter. The fifth chapter is going to be the last one. I have an ending in mind and hopefully most of you will like it. Suggestions and ideas are always welcome. Enjoy the chapter.)

(I would like to thank Larry for editing this story and making it presentable.)

I could eat her pussy all day. That's all that was going through my head as I moved closer to Carrie. Putting my hands on her back, I pulled her towards me, opened my mouth and kissed her. What a kiss it was. Her wet mouth and soft lips felt so amazing. I swear she tasted like bubblegum. I moved my hand towards her shorts, unbuttoned them and put my hands inside. She was so wet. I fingered her slowly with my left hand as my right roamed all over her body. It stopped over her breast and I slowly fondled her. I broke the kiss for second to look into her eyes. They were full of passion, anticipation and lust. But then it changed. 

She pushed my hands away and spoke, "I have been waiting for this for so long."

She pulled me towards her and pushed my skirt down. Moving her hands towards the strap of my top, she removed it frantically. I stood in front of her in my birthday suit. She picked me up with surprising strength and put me on the bed on my back. I could feel it. She was finally going to perform oral sex on me. Well no need to be that formal, Eva. She's going to eat me out. She moved over me on all fours till we were face to face. She looked into my eyes. I saw love. I finally saw it. I was right - she loves me. I was not stupid to think that. Suck on that, my pessimist brain. She kissed me briefly and then started to move down. She kissed, sucked and nibbled on my left nipple and then the right. I was in heaven. I was very aroused. I could feel myself dripping, the wetness moving down my inner thigh. Finally moving towards my pussy, she slowly extended her tongue towards the pussy juice flowing down my thigh. She slowly moved her tongue following the path that the juices travelled till she was very close to my pussy lips. That's when she made her first tongue contact with my snatch. It was amazing. I was already very close to an orgasm. She touched my clit with her tongue as she moved her fingers in and out of my pussy. She repeated this till I was just on the edge. That's when I first realized it. Her technique was very similar to that of Kirstin. I have been with enough girls to know every girl is different when it comes to sex. That's when I realized, I don't know how I got into this situation. What happened before Carrie made her move on me? How was it that all of a sudden she seemed so interested in having sex with me? All this was bothering me beyond belief. But I was so close to an orgasm that I couldn't stop this even if I wanted to. I was washed over by an orgasm that felt like an electric shock flowing through my entire body. It was amazing.

That's when I woke up. Fuck! That was a dream. But it felt so real. I slowly opened my eyes to realize that I was naked and covered with sweat. When I looked toward my pussy, I was greeted with the smiling face of my girlfriend! Kirstin. She was the one that made me cum. 

"Isn't this the best way to wake up?" She said, smiling as she moved towards my mouth and kissed me. 

"I missed you so much, babe," I said as I broke the kiss for a moment only to resume it more passionately. We made out like a pair of teenage girls. I could taste myself on her mouth.

I broke the kiss when I glanced at my bed clock. It was 5:30 AM. Shit I was way beyond late today. I pushed Kirstin away as I climbed out of our bed.

"Hey! What the hell! You're not going to return the favor?" she said sounding a little surprised. She has every right to be, because when it comes to sex I am more of a giver.

"Sorry babe. I can't. I'm already late for work. How about I make it up to you tonight? I'll take you out for dinner, then some dancing followed by lots of kissing," I said as I turned the shower on. I quickly shaved my pussy and while in there, thought about masturbating for Carrie. Why should I? Didn't I decide last night that I can't do this to Kirstin? I love her. I love Carrie too, but if being around her means hurting Kirstin or lying to her then I would rather not be around her. I decided not to do it.

"Ok. But there better be lots and lots of kissing involved. I am super horny, especially after your phone call last night," she said.

I shampooed my hair as I slipped into deep thought once again. How am I going to end it with Carrie? Should I give it to her straight? Or should I just avoid her till she gives up on her own? No. She deserves better than that. I will go into her office, tell her the truth and end it like a matured adult. Now to the second problem. Should I tell Kirstin about what happened? Or should I keep this from her? After all, it was just one weekend and we didn't technically have sex. Telling her would mean losing her. I can't lose her. I can't lose them both. Ok, then, I'll tell Carrie the truth but not Kirstin. I'll just have to live with this. Telling would hurt her beyond belief, and isn't the reason I'm ending this 'fling' is to avoid doing that. 

I exited the bathroom naked and wet. I forgot the towel. Kirstin was sitting on the bed. Her eyes widened.

"This is just pure torture," she said. 

I chuckled and stuck out my tongue at her. I opened by wardrobe and pulled out a small skirt and white top. The skirt was marginally acceptable for a teacher while the top was very thin. It was so thin that even after wearing it, my nipples would be visible. As I got dressed, Kirstin got up from the bed and looked into my wardrobe. 

"Where are all your underwear and bras?" she asked. Shit I was caught. What was I going to tell her?

"I needed newer ones, sexier ones. So I threw the old ones out. I was going to get them on Sunday, but got held up helping Carrie shop for a date," I said. I am really good at lying. As I mentally patted myself on the back for such good lying abilities, I saw Kirstin rummage through my stuff some more.

"Your wardrobe seems a little thinner too. Where's the suit I got you from my last trip?" she asked. Oh my god! I can't believe I let Carrie throw that suit out. Kirstin must have seen the look of worry on my face.

"What's going on with your wardrobe Eva?" she asked.

"I...um." I was so busted. Oh, wait. 

"It's a little embarrassing, babe. I was feeling so horny last weekend when I was cleaning out my wardrobe that I threw out everything I thought was not sexy enough. I just wanted to be dressed sexier for you. I am sorry for being inconsiderate and throwing that suit out," I said.

"It's ok, babe. It's actually more than ok. I mean, you were doing it for me. How about I get you something sexier the next time I am out for a trip?" she said. She's the best girlfriend ever. She's amazing in bed, amazing in her job and amazing in making me feel amazing.

"Best girlfriend ever," I said as I kissed and then hugged her. 

"Shit! I am late for work. I got to go babe. See you after work," I said as I moved quickly towards the garage door. I picked up my black coat and put it on as I entered my car. I exited the garage and drove towards school. Kirstin is so amazing, why did I ever feel the need to be with Carrie. Carrie never made me feel the way Kirstin just did. Kirstin makes me feel loved and cared for. While Carrie made me feel... I don't know what she made me feel. But I have to end it with her. I drove uneventfully till I reached the school gate. I parked my car. Determined, I moved towards the elevator and pressed the button. I reached the fifth floor and looked at my watch. There was still five minutes before my first class. I moved towards Carrie's room and knocked.

"Come in," she said. I entered and looked at her looking pleased to see my outfit. I was not wearing this for her. 

"On time for a change, slut," she said.

"We need to talk, Carrie." I interrupted her. She looked surprised, then angry and then calm, ready to listen to what I had to say.

"I can't do this anymore. I cannot submit to you," I said. 

"What happened, Eva? Not two days ago you seemed too eager to please me, do anything for me and now you say you can't do this. Did I push you too far too quick?" she asked looking disappointed. The look on her face almost made me take all I said till now back. But I cannot. I have to do this for Kirstin.

"No, you didn't push me too far. It's me. I realized that I am not the type of person to cheat on my girlfriend. I can't be with you while I am still with Kirstin. I won't leave Kirstin because I love her. So I have to end this, Carrie. If ending this means ending our friendship than I guess I have one less friend now." I said. It felt pretty good. 

She looked to be in deep thought. She looked at me with disappointment and then a frown appeared on her face. "If that's what you want Eva, than I guess our relationship is over. You are right, I can't be friends with you knowing that you still have feelings for me so it would be better for both of us if we part ways here," she said sounding very mechanical. Gone was the disappointed look on her face and gone was the frown. 

"Then this is goodbye, Carrie," I said as I exited her office. Well that went rather efficiently. I thought she would at least fight a little for me to continue to be her submissive. But at least I was free from the burden of cheating on Kirstin. I felt good about what I had done.

Feeling happy and relieved, I walked into my classroom and prepared for my first class. The room filled soon and I started teaching. The entire day went uneventfully. I sat through lunch in my classroom, half expecting Carrie to send me new instructions. But it never came. 

As the final bell rang and the work day ended, I quickly gathered my stuff and cleaned my desk. I locked my classroom and exited the school building. I drove home planning my evening with Kirstin. I'm planning on taking her to her favorite Italian restaurant. After that I'll take her to a lesbian bar downtown called Meow Mix. That bar will totally get both of us in the mood.

I reached home and parked the car in the garage. I was expecting Kirstin to attack me with kisses, but she was not home. That's weird. She's usually home resting after returning from a business trip. Maybe she had some work at the office. I decided to set up the test paper for Friday. It took me an hour to prepare the question paper and the key for it. As I locked the paper in my study drawer, I looked at the clock. It was four pm. Kirstin was still not home. I decided to call her to remind her of our plans for this evening. I called but she didn't pick up. Well if she is late, at least I'll be the one to be angry with her.

I decided to take a long bath and prepare myself for the date. As I lay in the bathtub, my hands started roaming around my pussy. I was very horny. I had not cum for days excluding this morning. I delicately touched my pussy and could feel the heat radiating from it. As I rubbed my clit relentlessly, I used the fingers of my other hand to stimulate my slit. I inserted a finger into my pussy, then two, then three and soon I had four fingers in my pussy. That was a first for me. Despite four fingers in my pussy and constant rubbing of my clit, I still couldn't cum. I was close, just not close enough. I thought about inserting my entire fist but I got scared. I stopped frustratingly and looked for something else to make me cum. I thought about taking out my trusty vibrator but decided against it. A vibrator was just too conventional. I decided to use the flowing water to stimulate my clit. I adjusted my legs in such a way that the water fell directly on my clit. I know this sounds conventional but I have never done it before so for me, it was not. As the water fell directly on my clit, I could feel my orgasm approaching. I was very close. I could almost feel the orgasm washing over me. This was going to be a big one. 

"You started without me?" It was Kirstin. I opened my eyes and as I looked at her, it finally happened. I felt a mindboggling orgasm wash over me. It lasted a good ten seconds before it started to subside. I turned the tap off as my clit felt too sensitive. This was really amazing. 

"I just couldn't wait." I said smiling in the afterglow of my orgasm.

"That was a big one, wasn't it? What were you thinking about E?"

"Nothing, actually. I was just focused on my orgasm. But I think you watching might have intensified things," I said as I stepped out of the bathtub, naked and wet, just like this morning. Kirstin moved closer to me about to kiss me when I put my finger in front of her mouth.

"Not before we have a romantic evening, babe. Not before I have teased you to the point that you just can't control it," I said. She licked the finger I put there to shush her and tasted my pussy juices still coating it.

"I can't control it, already" she said smiling charmingly.

"Well, you'll have to wait some more then," I said as I wrapped a towel around me and moved out of the bathroom into the bedroom. I opened my wardrobe to look for an appropriate dress for the evening. All I found was a little black dress. It was very hot, but without any underwear, it was going to be difficult not to flash my pussy. I decided to wear it anyway. I have to get some underwear and some more sensible clothes. 

I dried myself with the towel and put on some makeup. Kirstin walked out of the bathroom staring at me.

"You look amazing," she said. I blushed. "I'm not even dressed yet." 

"That's part of the reason you look so amazing," she said. I wore the black dress without any underwear and bra.

"You can borrow my underwear and bra, you slut. You can't hope to spend the evening in that dress without underwear, without flashing your snatch to anyone who is looking," she said.

"I'm not going to spend the night adjusting loose underwear under my dress. And maybe I want to flash my stuff to people tonight," I said, winking. "Now go get dressed. We have a reservation at 6:30 pm."

Reluctantly, Kirstin left the room to get dressed and I applied the finishing touches on my makeup. I wore black four-inch heels with the dress. They were the tallest heels I have. They are painful to walk in but make me feel very sexy which the point of tonight was. I put on a long coat over the dress before leaving. It gets very chilly in the evening. Better safe than sorry.

Kirstin was waiting for me outside already sitting in the passenger side of my car. It's amazing how great she can look with very little effort in time. 

We drove to our favorite Italian restaurant talking about my day and her business trip. In no time, we arrived at the restaurant with about five minutes to spare. Luckily our reserved table was empty. It was a weekday after all. Most people have something 'better' to do than have a date with someone special on a weekday. 

We sat at our table, Kirstin in front of me and we ordered our food. As we waited for our food to arrive, my phone buzzed. I had received an email. It was Carrie. What was she writing to me about? I'm sure it is about how much she misses me and wants me back as her submissive but I am going to say no. I can't do that to Kirstin. I love her too much.

"I love you babe," I said. She smiled and said, "I love you too, E."

I opened the email. There was an attachment and a message in the email. The message said to open the attachment first before reading ahead. I opened the attachment. It was a picture of me standing naked in the staff bathroom with rubber bands over my nipples. The picture clearly showed my face and the fact that I was in the staff toilet at the school. I quickly closed the attachment and read the rest of the message. 

"Slut,

There are more pictures of you in the toilet as well as in my office. If you do not want them on the internet or sent to the principal, then do as I say. Treat everything that happened this morning as if it never happened. You are still my submissive slut, following my every command. I don't care what you think or want. I want you to go to the bathroom of the restaurant you are in, then into the last stall and then strip there and wait for further instructions. Comply or the first person I send this to will be Kirstin. I don't think she will be happy to see them after I tell her what happened between us.

Mistress"

I was shocked. How could she do this to me? I thought she loved me but all she was doing was using my naivety to fulfill her own desires. How could I be so stupid? Why didn't I notice the cameras in the bathroom and the office? I trusted her and she is now blackmailing me. What am I going to do? I can't let her send these photos to Kirstin. I can't lose her. I can't let her send them to the scumbag principal either. It will not only cost me my job and probably my career but also cause a lot of humiliation. I have to follow her instructions. I will follow them tonight and then talk to her tomorrow. I'll convince her somehow to end all this. 

I excused myself to go to the toilet. As I entered the ladies room I noticed two more women standing outside touching up their makeup. Without saying anything, I entered the farthest stall from the door and bolted it. I removed my coat first and put it on the toilet neatly. I could feel myself getting aroused from the thought of getting naked in the toilet with those woman still standing outside. I peeled off my dress quickly and then removed my heels. I stood in the toilet stark naked aroused and scared at the same time. I waited for further instructions for about two minutes before my phone buzzed again. 

It was mistress. 

"Good job slut. I can see you followed my instructions fully. There is a marker hid behind the toilet inside the stall. I want you to use this marker to write "Lesbian Whore" on your stomach. After writing, put the marker back where you found it. Then take your little black dress and put it inside the toilet but don't flush. You will be leaving the stall dressed only in your long coat with nothing underneath. Spend the rest of you dinner waiting my next instruction."

She can't expect me to really put my dress inside the toilet. I looked for the marker and sure enough it was there. I uncapped it and wrote the disgusting words on my stomach. After that I put the marker behind the toilet where I found it. Reluctantly I threw my black dress into the toilet. I looked at my watch and realized I had been gone for over 5 minutes now. Kirstin will get suspicious if I don't return soon. I quickly put on the heels and the long coat. I buttoned the coat all the way from my chest to well below my crotch. I walked out of the stall and the two women were gone. I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked exactly like I did with the dress. With the coat buttoned, there was no telling if I was naked underneath. Pleased with my outfit, I walked out of the bathroom and towards my table.

"What took you so long?" Kirstin asked. The food had already arrived.

"I was redoing my makeup to make myself look sexier for you babe," I said. "Let's eat."

As we ate in silence, I started to think. How did Carrie know which restaurant I was going to be in? How did she know I was in the stall naked? There has to be someone here working with her. This means that someone other than me knows I am naked underneath this coat. This thought was making me wet. 

As we were eating dessert, I decided to just take Kirstin home and not the bar. With my state of clothing, going to the bar could be very risky. As we finished desert, Kirstin looked at me expectedly.

"So, where are we going for dancing?" she asked.

"How about we skip dancing and go straight to lots of kissing babe?" I said.
