 ***This is my first attempt at writing anything so please be gentle. I would love feedback, positive or negative. Please try to keep it constructive if possible. Enjoy the story.***

Have you ever felt your life is incomplete?

Like there's something missing. Something small but important. A person maybe. Someone who makes you do things, things you can't imagine even in your wildest dreams. NO? Well me neither.

This is my story. I am Eva. If I have to describe myself in a single word, I'll say that word is confident. I have never cared what people say, what they think about me. Because people try to see the worst in other people. I never understood why. Maybe it's because it makes them feel better about themselves. Or maybe it's because, argh I don't know. Well where was I? Yes, I was about to describe myself. I am petite. That's all I am going to say. Physically the celebrity I most resemble is Natalie Portman. It's something I am very proud of and quite frankly speaking who wouldn't.

I am teacher .I teach English to high school students. It's something I always wanted to do, shaping young minds. I love my life. I have everything going for me, a good job, a good home, a faithful girlfriend. What? Oh did I forget to mention I was gay? Well you know now. Kirstin was one of the best thing to happen to me. She completes me. She is part of the reason I don't give a fuck what people think or talk about me. There is something about her that just makes me happy.

A tight slap to my ass woke me from my deep slumber. I slowly opened my eyes to my beautiful girlfriend, staring, looking quite irritated but cute.

"Wake up E, you're going to be late for school." Ten years since high school and still I have to hear this. I left my bed quite reluctantly, moving towards my beautiful girlfriend to kiss her on the lips. 

"Good Morning, to you too." I said sarcastically.

"Ew! Morning breadth. Go. brush." she said wrinkling her nose. 

"That's your pussy, dear." I said as I made my way to the bathroom to complete the rest of my morning routine.

I took a quick shower realizing I really was late for the first day of the new school session. I dressed in my favorite black skirt and white shirt, completing the professional look with a black coat. Skipping breakfast, I kissed my girlfriend goodbye and left for school.

I rushed through the school front gate already ten minutes late for my first class. I made it to the elevator, pushed the button to the fifth floor. The elevator closed at unbelievably slowly. Just when it was about to close a hand appeared and interrupted the door from closing completely. Why is it that when you are late, the universe does everything in its power to make you even more late? 

"Sorry.." said someone in a very feminine voice. The door opened and who I say can only be described as the very model of femininity. She towered me at 5 9". She was dressed in a very professional looking pantsuit.

"Ahem", I looked at her face and that is when I realized I had been staring at her breasts for I don't know how long. 

"Which floor?" I asked. Who can really blame me for looking at them? I mean they were perfect. Round and big, but just big enough. They seemed like 34C. 

"Fifth", she said. As the elevator made its way to the fifth floor, I asked, "So are you new?"

"Yes, I am Carrie. I am the new supply manager." she said and smiled at me. 

"Good to meet you Carrie, I am Eva. I teach English." I said as the elevator door opened. She started to move towards the Administration Office, when I stopped her. 

"Hey, if you want to, I can show you the school after classes end."

"Sure.", that's all she said as she left. I made my way to my classroom, pondering why I asked to show her the school. Was I just being polite? Or did I have an ulterior motive? Sometimes I don't understand why I do the things I do. I reached my classroom and started teaching. The day went by rather quickly. Did I tell you I love teaching?

The final bell rang, the students left the classroom. I started to clean the board and organize my things when I heard a knock on the door. It was Carrie. 

"Hey.", she said.

"Hey too you to. How did you know my room?"

"I work in the Administration, remember? You said you would show me around the school."

"Yes, I did. Let me clean up my table and then we'll go." I said. She waited as I cleaned up my table. 

I gave a brief tour of the school to Carrie, and soon realized how similar we both were. Her 'I don't care' attitude, love for her job and her life was evident from the way she talked about it. We talked and talked about everything from our jobs to our love life. It seemed I could talk to her about anything. I told her I was in a relationship, but neglected to mention that I was gay. Don't you just love lying by omission?

And so this routine continued and we soon became the best of friends. We would often hangout during lunch and after school. We started doing everything together. I realized that she was very controlling. She decided what we did, how we did and when we did it. It sounds really bad, but her control freak nature is quite subtle. I started liking everything she did. There was nothing about her that I didn't like. Nothing. I started to develop an affection for her.

It was a Saturday afternoon. Kirstin was out for a work trip. She wouldn't be back till Tuesday. I was exercising at my home gym, when in-between crunches I started thinking about my recent infatuation with Carrie. Was I really attracted to her? Was it just sexual or did I 'like' her personality. The latter really scared me. I really loved Kirstin, I didn't want to hurt her. But at the same time I could not deny there was something between me and Carrie. There was also the issue of her being straight. Now I have started to understand what the "it's complicated" relationship status is really for. My phones vibration pulled me from this chain of thought. It's Carrie.

"Hey E. Are you free right now?" she said over the phone.

"Yes I am." I said.

"Good. I am at the East end mall right now. Meet me at the food court in an hour."

She cut the call without waiting for my answer. She often did that. I kind of liked this about her. I ended my workout routine pre-maturely to take a shower. As I washed my hair, I saw my pubes had grown a little wild. I decided to shave. Carefully I removed all the hair from my pussy and near my asshole. I love the feeling of a bare pussy. Getting out of the shower I looked at the clock. I was late. I was never going to make it in time to the mall. I quickly put on a simple black top and jeans, skipping bra and panty, and left for the mall. As I drove towards the mall, I could feel the jeans rubbing against my lips, I was getting aroused. Involuntarily my hand moved towards my pussy. Fuck, I was getting really horny. I unbuttoned my jeans and slowly pushed a hand inside, and started slowly touching my pussy. That first touch was electric. I partially inserted one finger into my pussy. Motion of my hand became more and more frantic as I neared orgasm. I was close but just couldn't tip over. I needed a push. I started imaging my girlfriend. Her soft lips, perky nipples, her sweet succulent pussy lips. Fuck, she is so sexy. I got closer but still couldn't cum. Carrie, as I imagined her looking at me with those smoldering eyes, talking dirty, telling me what a naughty girl I am masturbating in my car, I came. It was sudden, but forceful. Wow. That was unexpected. I felt so dirty as I pulled up in the mall parking.

I timidly exited by car, the material of jeans still rubbing my pussy. I looked at my reflection in the car window. My nipples were poking out of my top and my jeans was still open. I buttoned my jeans and reapplied my makeup. As I made my way to the food court, I started thinking about what just happened. Did I really cum, thinking about my best friend and not my girlfriend?

I reached the food court 15 minutes late, and saw Carrie looking, well her usual hot self. She waved towards me. 

"Took you long enough." she said. "I am in a crisis. I have a date tonight and I still don't have anything nice to wear. Help me."

The idea of her going on a date with a man, made me feel jealous like I had dibs on her or something. Be a friend E, help her out.

"I know just the place to go." I said.

We went into the first shop. It was a large place, with wide range of clothing from slutty to professional. She chose four dresses, each increasingly provocative. And here I thought she needed my help. But the idea of her in these dresses was very arousing.

"Try them on." she said handing the dresses to me.

"Why? You are going to be the one to wear them, you should try them on."

"I want to see if the dress looks hot enough. I want to see them on you before trying them on myself." she said as if this was the most obvious thing to do while shopping clothes for YOURSELF. Make someone else model them.

I didn't want to upset her. So I agreed. As I took the first dress into the changing room I looked at it carefully. It was a little black dress. It seemed a little too little for me. I removed my top and jeans. Standing there naked I admired myself in the mirror. Not too bad, I thought. I put on the dress. It was a perfect fit though a little short. It barely covered my ass. I am far from shy, but this dress combined with my lack of panties, made me blush. I timidly walked out of the changing room. Carrie stood there staring at me, with no change in expression.

"Well. Say something." 

"It's good. But I don't know if it's hot enough. Try the other one." She said handing me a sky blue dress, with bottom half made completely of frills. 

Not hot enough she said. Huh. I removed the black dress and stared at my reflection again. She knows nothing. I am hot. I put on the second dress. It looked stupid. I looked like a life sized Barbie doll. I hate Barbie dolls. But still there was no denying I looked hot. I walked out of the room slightly more confident.

"Hm. That's more like it. But it still not what I am looking for." She handed me the third dress pointing towards the room. I removed the frilly crap that this dress was and tried on the third one. It didn't fit.

"Hey Carr, this one is too tight. Could you get me a bigger one?" I said.

"Ok. Hand me the dress, I'll look for the bigger size."

I handed her the dress. As I stood there naked, I resumed my previous thoughts. Why did I cum imaging Carrie and couldn't, imagining Kirstin. What was wrong with me, she's my girlfriend. There was something about the way she took me for granted, or the way she simply told me what to do that was so new and so arousing to me. Just then Carrie walked into the changing room.

"Whoa. Why are you naked?"

"I was trying on the dressed you asked me to."

"You can do that with your panties on, you slut." She said slightly grinning. I found myself blushing having to admit it to her that I was in fact not wearing any.

"I didn't wear any today." I said. Why wasn't she leaving? 

"Wow. Eva. You look so hot. "She walked closer to me. Now only a few inches from me. "Try this on." It felt like a command. I complied immediately. 

"This is what I'll be wearing tonight." She said. As she once again took the dress from me and walked out. I was stunned. What just happened? Did Carrie kind of sort of, make a move on me? Was that an indication that she was interested? Several questions flooded my head. That's when I realized I was still naked. I quickly dressed and exited the shop. 

The drive home was very quiet. Was that really a move? Should I reciprocate? Should I tell her about my feelings?

I woke up the next morning still unsure. Should I tell her I am gay? More importantly should I tell her I have feelings for her, dirty naughty feeling. I picked up my phone to call Carrie. I should tell her. What's the worst that could happen? She avoids me, never talks to me. At least I'll be free from the constant looming presence that was our sexual tension. I invited her to my house. Well that was another something I had never done before. I started cleaning around the house and when it was ten minutes before she arrived I finally went to take a very quick shower. I was still wrapping my body in towel when the bell rang. Shit. She's here. I opened the door welcoming her for the first time into my home.

"Hey. Sorry Carr. I just came out of the shower. Have a seat while a put something on." I said.

"Ya, sure. "

"How was your date last night?" I asked as I dried my hair. 

"He was Ok. A little dull. Overall yesterday's wardrobe search was of no use."

I put on a black top and short shorts, skipped underwear and bra again, I just love the feeling that their absence causes. 

"You have a nice home, E. Very neat." She said. 

"I am glad you noticed." There was a short silence.

I walked out of my bedroom to talk to her. To finally tell her how I really feel.

"There's something we need to talk Carr. I really care about you as a friend and I love how you have become an inseparable part of my life. I don't want to keep anything from you anymore. So I am going to tell you. I am Gay" I said in one single breath. Whoa! That's such a relief.

"I know." That's all she said.

I was stunned. How does she know? Of course, people at school. They are such chatterboxes. I am sure the first thing they told Carrie about me was that I was gay. Pricks.

"Who told you?" I asked.

"No One. It's just the way you look at other woman, the way you look at me. It's pretty obvious Eva." She said.

"And it doesn't bother you?" I asked.

"No. Why would it?" she said calmly.

I was stunned again. Her indifference to my sexual preference was so refreshing. It just made me love her more. LOVE!! Do I love her?

"There's something more. I have been kind of enamored with you. I really like you. I want to be with you." I said again in one breath. 

She stood there quietly, still no change in expression.

"I am straight, Eva." That's all she said.

This was a mistake. I should never have told her. Now I'll also lose her as a friend. I have to do something. I can't let it end like that.

"Please, Carr. Don't do this. I really like you a lot." I sounded my most pathetic self. But I just can't lose her.

"What do you want me to say Eva? I'm straight, that's not going to change. I have been with other women and I know for sure I am not gay. We can't be together. And after what just happened I don't think we can be friends either."

"Please Carrie, I want you in my life. You complete me. "I said.

"I get it Eva, but after what just happened I can't see things going back to the way they were." She said.

I am going to lose her. What am I going to do? I can't just let this happen. Say something dammit.

"I love you, Carr"

Her expression changed. For the first time tonight her expressions change. There was shock, surprise, guilt and lust? Did she love me too but was just too afraid to admit it?

"You.. You really love me?" she said. "I really care for you E, but I am not gay. I can't be with you." She said regaining her composure. Why was she suppressing her feelings? It is pretty obvious that she wants me too. Then why is she acting like this?

I stayed silent for the longest time. I didn't know what to say. Should I just give up? Or should I fight for her? I have to fight. There is anything I can do to just have her in my life. ANYTHING.

"I'll do anything you want me to, Carr to prove that I really love you and deserve you." I said.

"There is one kind of relation that we can have." She said very seriously. 

"Anything."

"There is one way I could be in your life and also have you sexually satisfied. You can submit to me. I can be your mistress. That way we can have a sexual relation, without me being directly involved. " She said.

What!? Was she serious? Me a submitting to her. That's just coming out of nowhere. Was she actually interested in such lifestyle? Or was she doing this just to make me happy? Does it matter, as long as I get to be around her I am game. As weird as it sounds I actually kind of understood what she meant. There is no way she will ever admit her feelings towards me. And I cannot accept to lose her as my friend. This way we can have a sexually satisfying relation while I continue to pursuit her. She does have feelings for me. I am sure of it. I know I have to do this if I want to have any chance to change her mind.

"How would it work?" I asked timidly.

"You do everything I say. I control everything in your life and in turn I make you feel things you never thought were possible. You will never question me, doubt me or defy me. As long as that happens we will continue this relation. If at any point you defy me, you'll lose me forever. Those are my terms. If you don't accept them I will leave and never come back."

Wow. That was a lot to take in. It seemed like she had given this a fair amount of thought. Did she anticipate such a moment? Could I really do this? What about Kirstin? What does 'everything in you life' mean? This was a bit too much. I can't do this. I can't be unfaithful to my girlfriend. 

"I don't know, Carr."

She turned and started moving towards the door. She is really leaving and will never talk to me again. In panic I rushed towards her. She exited the house and was moving to her car.

"Wait!! I accept Carrie, I will submit to you. I will do everything you say, just don't leave me." I said.

"Mistress. That's what you will call me from now on whenever we are alone."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Now strip." She said. She wants me to strip here, in the lawn where anybody could see me.

"What?! Now? Here?" As soon as the words left my mouth she resumed moving towards her car. I can't lose her. I can't let her go.

"Wait!!"

I started unbuttoning my shorts. Suddenly I started regretting not wearing underwear and bra. I could feel myself shivering from fear. Anyone of my neighbors could come out and see me in my current state of undress. I pulled my top over my head and dropped it on the floor. I stood stark naked right there in my driveway in broad sunlight. Mistress just stared at my body for the longest time not bothering to move this into the house. I think she was enjoying my exposure a lot. Me? I was scared. If someone came out I can't think of a remotely believable reason for me to be naked in my driveway. 

"I see you skipped your underwear and bra again. Making yourself a little too accessible, don't you think, Slut?" She said as she moved towards the front door. I walked with her.

"From now on you will never wear underwear again. I want my slut accessible. And you will continue to completely shave your pussy. Where do you keep your underwear?" she asked. She seemed to be really enjoying this a lot. I always knew she was controlling but this was something I couldn't imagine in my wildest dreams. I led her to my wardrobe naked. I saw as she slowly removed all my underwear and bra and put them in a pile. 

"Just in case you are ever tempted." She said. Then she opened my closet and started going through all my clothes. She removed all my jeans and long skirts first. All that was left was short skirts. Next she removed a bunch of tops from my wardrobe. She piled all the clothes that she had rejected. I looked into my wardrobe. All that was now left was really provocative clothing. Something I would wear when I am out to get laid. Not something I would wear to school. At least I still had my coats.

"You are to only choose what to wear from the ones in your wardrobe. The rest I am going to take with me. I'll donate them. Or burn them." She said. This was all moving a bit too fast. These were too provocative to wear at school.

"I can't wear these to school. I am a teacher, I have to dress accordingly." I said. *slap*
