 They say that opportunity only knocks once, whoever “They” are. My chance for a lesbian love affair had come and gone and I had let is pass, albeit regretfully. But now at 35 I wanted to experience it at least once. I had never been afraid to pursue my dreams and once I set a goal, I achieved it. Thus my second adventure began.

After that night in the bookstore with a stranger, my confidence in my attractiveness had increased significantly. But I think men are generally a little easier to pull into a sexual relationship then women. So, finding a woman to have a sexual liaison with was not going to be simple. Where should I look? What kind of woman did I want? Did I need someone with experience or would I rely on instinct and pure animal lust? How to go about it...

I began online...looking in local chat rooms. But the women were all attached and looking for a threesome or strong lesbians looking to convert me. I wanted my first time, possibly my only time, to be with a feminine woman and all alone. A threesome was perfect for another time, but to begin, just us women.

My search was difficult and after a few months I began to think it would never happen. That’s when I proved “Them” all wrong. Opportunity does knock twice, and I didn’t miss it the second time around.

I decided to stop looking for a little while...I had been avidly and ardently trying to find a female lover. I remembered some old expression that if you stopped looking, love would find you...so I gave it a break. I reentered my world of domesticity and regular life. My gym workouts continued, my work life was stable, and routine was...well..routine. I needed something new in my life, if it wasn’t going to be a woman, it was going to be education. I signed up for a class at the local YWCA in Yoga. Might as well work on my body...and my mind.

The class was wonderful. Yasmine, the instructor was excellent. She taught a great deal about inner spirit and awareness. Learning about the Chakras and how to bring energy into my body was helping. I had found some inner peace in myself and had made the decision to be content with my sexuality as it was; heterosexual and staying that way.

One Tuesday night, half way through the class term, I arrived to find that Yasmine was away and a substitute teacher had been arranged. “Oh well,” I thought, “I cannot imagine Yasmine choosing anyone incapable.” I changed clothes, put my hair up and entered the studio...warming up and greeting fellow students. I was bent over, stretching my hamstrings when the door opened and a woman entered and moved to the head of the class. I could only see her bare feet and red toenails in my bent position. I finished my stretch and glanced over and almost fell over in delight. The woman standing at the front of the class was the most exquisite creature I had ever seen. 

She stood about 5’5” or so and had the most incredible posture. Her spine was straight and elongated and her neck like a ballerina’s, long and elegant. Her hair was warm and vibrant, what I could see of it, as it was gathered in an old fashioned snood at the nape of her neck. It glimmered chestnut brown with warm auburn highlights. Her eyes were brown, no not brown. They were more golden. Topaz, yes, that was the word, topaz. Warm and golden; a lioness. As she warmed up and stretched her body, I felt a poke in my back. I turned to find a fellow student grinning at me. “Haven’t you ever had Mikaela for a class,?” he enquired. I stammered a reply in the negative. “Then you are in for a real treat and the best work out in a long time,’ he laughed. 

Class began and we moved quickly through the standard warm ups, progressing to the more complicated moves that made yoga a much more difficult work out then it appears. I couldn’t take my eyes of Mikaela as she bent and stretched her body to perfection. Her breasts were high and round on her chest, average in size, and beautifully outlined in her tight leotard. As the work out progressed, her nipples became hard against the material and very visible. Sweat gleamed across her shoulders and her upper lip and I found myself inexorably drawn to her, wanting to lick the sweat from every succulent inch of her and revel in her calm. 

As we reached the last few stretches I strained to catch a glimpse of her rear as she bent in a new exercise. Unexpectedly I felt my calf muscles seize and begin to spasm. Grimacing in pain, I left the room and moved into the changing area. I rubbed the muscle to no avail, the charlie horse was firmly locked in place. The tears were gathering in the corners of my eyes when Mikaela walked in. She scanned the room and came over to me. I trembled as she approached, partially in pain and partially in anticipation. “Are you okay?” she queried, a look of consternation upon her face. I tried to reply reassuringly but my face betrayed my pain. 

“Come with me,” she said, and helping me up led me back to the steam room. “Lie down,” she stated matter of factly, indicating the massage table at the back. She began to knead my calf with firm hands and I bowed my head in agony. Gently, yet with amazing strength, she stroked and prodded until the pain began to cease. I was exhausted, but relieved, and began to relax as the touch of her hands gentled and turned to a caress. Instinctively I felt the change in her touch, somehow knowing that it was more of an admiration and appreciation now, rather then therapy. I smiled inwardly, and somewhere in the recesses of my mind I am positive I heard a “knocking” sound.

“The YWCA will be closing in 15 minutes.” The announcement over the P.A. system startled us both, and instinctively I began to get up. Mikaela smiled at me, enquiring “Better?” to which I nodded vigorously. “Keep off of it and alternate with heat and cold and you’ll feel a hundred percent better in the morning,” she advised seriously. I thanked her and she left to begin packing her things. I showered quickly and entered the foyer of the Y, looking for her carefully. I saw her leave by a side door and observed her approaching a sporty little car outside. I timed myself carefully and as she began to back up, I hobbled outside, deliberately playing up my sore leg. She pulled up beside me and asked, “Do you have a ride home?” 

“I drive a stick shift,” I replied. “I am not sure if I can drive it tonight,” I indicated my leg with a rueful smile. I was getting good at this I mentally observed, very good. 

“Let me give you a ride. Where can I take you?” she asked. “ I’ll take a ride only if I can feed you a late supper,” I smiled. She agreed and away we went. After giving her directions, I leaned back and closed my eyes, observing her through shuttered lids. To her I must have looked tired...in fact I was so excited that my pulse was racing and adrenaline pumping. We arrived quickly at my condo, and moved inside. 

After inviting her to get comfortable, I moved into the kitchen and began the process of throwing together something to eat. Our conversation was light and witty, and frankly I can’t remember any of it. The food was light, the wine full bodied, but my memories were being made with visuals and scents. Her perfume, her body aroma, her shampoo...filled my nostrils. We relaxed and shared life stories and I watched her become more and more animated as the wine relaxed her natural barriers. Time seemed to fly by, but it must have been only an hour when Mikaela rose to leave. We laughed as she wobbled to the bathroom, and I began to encourage her to stay. She had been drinking, I gently reminded her, and shouldn’t be driving.

With very little encouragement she agreed and soon we were in my room and I was seeking out a nightgown for her to borrow. In my head I thought, it’s now or never! I showed her a couple of tame T-shirt nighties, but she peeked in my dresser and almost squealed in delight when she saw a white satin nightie that was almost an exact replica of Marilyn Monroe’s dress in the famous scene in the Seven Year Itch. The one where the subway blows the dress up showing Marilyn’s legs? 

I smirked to myself, as she entered the bathroom to change, this was going to be a treat. I quickly shed my clothes and put on a man’s shirt to sleep in...something easy to remove. I heard the toilet flush and looked towards the door as it opened. The serious Mikaela was replaced by a brunette Marilyn, and she giggled in delight, vampishly posing in the silhouette of the door. “I’m ready!” she cooed and then laughingly began singing “Happy Birthday” in a pseudo Monroe style. 

We both laughed and without thinking, the words blurted out of my mouth “You are so beautiful!” The room became silent and my stomach clenched as she looked downward. Involuntarily, I reached out my hand as if to take hers. I was so unsure of myself but I knew that if I didn’t try I would forever hear that knock I missed. “Please, say something Mikaela?” I asked.

She looked up at me and a quivery smile appeared. “I am not beautiful”, she murmured, “But when you look at me like that I FEEL beautiful.” 

Not knowing what to do, I reached for her hand and pulled her towards me. I sat up and shifted towards the edge of the bed. She stood in front of me, as still as a soldier. I reached out and gently touched her arms and said quietly “Give me tonight and I will show you how beautiful you are.” My hands stroked her arms, and I waited. Her arms moved and pushed my hands aside and I knew I had gone too far...when she reached for the halter and undid it, allowing her breasts to swing free. She moved her hands and entwined them in my hair and I swiftly sucked in my breath as she pulled my face to her breasts. I moaned in delight as her softness caressed my cheeks, and I kissed the side of the nearest breast. Her heart was pounding and I knew then she was both as frightened and as excited as I was. 

My hands moved to her breasts and I began to gently fondle and caress them. They were as stunning as I had imagined, high on her chest and firm to the touch. When I stroked them gently with my knuckles I felt them quiver and watched as the nipples tightened and puckered for me. Her aureoles were a warm peach color, and they too were taut and ready to be caressed. My breath was heavy and as I stared and simply exhaled, the skin pulled even tighter across them until I couldn’t wait any longer. I leaned forward and opened my mouth and sucked as much of her breast into my mouth as possible. I nursed with my tongue and gently chewed on the nipple causing her to cry out in pleasure. Her hands pulled my face tight against her nipple as I stroked and suckled like a baby searching for milk. 

“Oh God,” I thought, “This is every bit as heavenly as I imagined.” 

She pulled me off of her breast and I quickly moved to the other one, as she buckled gently at the knees. “Suck it, please suck my tits,” she begged. I needed no urging as I began to torment the second breast, teasing and pulling with my mouth. Knowing what I liked myself, I began pulling on the second nipple, not letting it relax or diminish in hardness. I pulled and tweaked and sucked and licked until faint suction marks appeared on her breasts. 

I pulled myself away and stood up beside her. I wanted to kiss her so much. I gently took her face in my hands and kissed her lips, pressing mine against hers and feeling the soft difference between a man and a woman’s lips. I nudged her mouth open and her tongue darted into mine, entwining around and stroking my tongue like a cock. I was shaking I was so turned on and I could feel the wetness pooling in my panties. We kissed and nuzzled each other as I moved her towards the bed. 

As her knees hit the side of the bed she fell backwards, still managing to look graceful and elegant as she sprawled across the mattress. I unbuttoned my shirt, throwing it off quickly. She watched me threw half-shut eyes, caressing me with her thoughts. I could feel the energy coming from her body. The room was fraught with sexual tension, and the smell of our combined excitement was as heady as the scent of a newly opened orchid. But our perfume was more basic, the raw essence of womanhood. 

Completed nude now, I climbed onto the bed straddling her thighs and leaned forward, offering her my dangling breasts, hoping she would find the gift enticing. I watched her watching me; eyes glazed as her hands wrapped around my 42D’s. She tentatively licked one nipple and then the other. I could feel my big pink nipples tightening. I waited impatiently as her tongue tickled each nipple in turn when suddenly she pushed both my breasts together and sucked them in my mouth simultaneously. I felt like a sexual puppet, with the puppet master pulling my strings from my nipples through my stomach, directly to my uterus and my clitoris. I felt her touch everywhere at once and it was indescribable. 

She became more aggressive, nursing and tugging and then suddenly she stopped...I saw tears in her eyes and she sobbed “I think I just came from sucking you!” I smiled and sat up, looking at the apex of her thighs. Her chestnut curls were wet and I slid one delicate fingertip between them and felt her wetness. She was as wet as if 5 men had cum inside her and it had pooled in her hair, and I loved it. I scooted down, at the same time encouraging her to slide up until my face was directly above the center of her pleasure.

I lightly touched her with both hands, and told her “I just need to look at you before I taste. Your body was created to be adored.” I saw the look of hesitancy on her face as I spread her outer folds and gazed upon another woman’s pussy for the first time. The folds were pink and swollen, the outer lips puffy and engorged with blood. As I held them tenderly open, the inner lips lay before me, curled like rose petals around the core of sweetness. Her clitoris was hooded still, but as I watched and adored her with my eyes, it swelled before me and began to slide out, a fraction at a time. 

“I can’t wait Miakaela, I must taste you,” I mumbled as my mouth descended and tasted her nectar. I probed the inner lips with my tongue, stroking them apart, and felt her shiver and buck against me. My thumbs pressed back the outer lips and stroked them as I suckled the inner lips in my mouth, carefully avoiding her clit. The small labia began to swell and I could taste her sweetness as it began to flow. I curled my tongue and slid it inside her pussy, my nose inhaling her scent

As my tongue probed inside I felt her muscles tense around it and her clit become more and more visible. I moved my right hand above her clit and began to carefully massage above the clit, again avoiding direct contact. I glanced up and saw that Miakaela’s hands were on her breasts, rubbing and squeezing her nipples as she groaned in delight. I continued plunging my tongue in her pussy, and rubbing above her clit. She was bucking more firmly now and I decided to take her over the edge. I pulled my tongue out and sucked her entire clit and inner lips into my mouth, my tongue dancing feather-like over the clit as I applied consistent pressure on the tip. 

She arched against my mouth and began to make small keening sounds in the back of her throat as her orgasm began. I was latched on like a baby, sucking, stroking, squeezing her clit and lips as she began to cum against my mouth. Her legs instinctively drew up at the knees, pushing her mound of Venus against my face. Her heels rested against my shoulders as she tried to push me off, unable to stand any more pleasure but I wouldn’t; no I COULDN’T let go. This might be my only chance to love another woman and she wasn’t getting away with just one. 

I stopped sucking, resting my mouth against her as she calmed down, her breathing gradually slowing. After about three or four minutes I began to stroke her again with my tongue, and she moaned softly. I pulled my mouth away and moved up the bed until my breasts were level with her pussy. “Watch me,” I demanded, and she obliged by moving some pillows behind her head. I lifted my breast to my own mouth and sucked the tip to bullet hardness. When it was hard and wet, I placed the nipple against her clit and began to move it back and forth. I did this for about a minute and then repeated it with the other nipple. The sensation was exquisite and I kept sucking my nipples in order to taste her juice. 

Suddenly, she moved out from under me and kissed me hard. She pushed my back on the bed and smiled the smile of a satisfied woman. “My turn!” she stated simply and began to suckle my breasts again. I closed my eyes, wanting to focus on all of my other sensations; smell, taste, hearing and touch. Her hands were everywhere, caressing and pinching; poking and prodding. Her pungent aroma was still on my lips and I delighted in the scent. I could hear her making small noises in the back of her throat as she tasted my flesh, moving down my body slowly. And the physical sensation, it was unbelievable. Her skin was like satin against mine. 

Her breasts stroked my flesh as she moved and her lips and hair were soft against my skin. I felt dizzy as so many sensations combined to drug me; a natural hormone and pheromone rush. As she moved downward I felt my uterus contract. Her tongue stabbed my belly button, and when she reached my mound she paused. A neat heart shaped patch of auburn curls topped my pussy; and behind it was two sets of lips as bare as the day I was born. She cooed in delight and slid her hands under my hips, bringing me towards her face. She buried her face in the rosy lips and began to lick, everywhere and anywhere she could. I was panting, almost hyperventilating as my dreams came true. Her touch WAS different then a man’s. She was slower and yet more enthusiastic. Less experienced then most men; yet instinctively better. And she wanted ME!

I focused my attention inward and concentrated on those feelings: Her scent mixed with mine; the smell of womanly sweat; the sounds she was making, like the sounds an animal makes when it feeds; it was I she couldn’t get enough of me to satisfy her; ever! Her mouth concentrated on my vaginal area with an incredible intensity. Her tongue battered my clit and then swooped in like a spoon to scoop out any liquid inside. She took me to the pinnacle of pleasure so many times but not yet over the edge. It could have been mere minutes or it could have been hours I laid there, open to her touch. She shifted her weight suddenly, and her hand moved from under my ass to my openings. 

She carefully inserted one, then two fingers inside me, delighting in the ease at which I accommodated them. When they were good and wet she slipped one down to my ass and gently inserted it inside. One finger in my ass, one in my pussy and her mouth descending towards my clit...I was in heaven. As her mouth sucked in my clit she pressed the two fingers together gently and began massaging the walls of both my rectum and my pussy against each other while her tongue dance around my clit. I could feel my orgasm reaching a peak...and then suddenly it was there...fuck it was there.

She clamped her lips around my clit and just held her tongue against it hard as I spasmed around her fingers...1,2,3, 10 spasms and still they came. My ass and pussy clamped down on her hand and I seeped juice all over her hand...and I cried out. Tears ran down my face as I experienced the most complete orgasm of my life. Tears of joy, tears of ecstasy, and tears of release. I was complete.

The night didn’t end there...but some things must be left between us two alone. Suffice it to say, this was not my last time with Mikaela, or even a woman at that. But that’s another adventure...