 Susan lay naked in her bed, her soft skin caressed by her blanket. As she always did before waking completely, she began running her hands over her body, centering on her aching nipples and hungry pussy.

She peeked at the clock, even as she slowly circled her clit with a finger, spreading the wetness that was already seeping from inside her. "DAMN!" she started, seeing the time. The alarm hadn't gone off, and she was already late for work. "DAMN DAMN DAMN!!" she said, throwing the covers off herself.

Her clit throbbed once as the cool air hit her all over, but she ignored the feeling and rushed into the bathroom to have a quick shower and do her make-up. All the way through, she kept having those delicious shivers she always had when she was horny and unable to satisfy herself.

Soon enough, she was in the car and speeding along the highway on her way to work. Her favorite station was on, and the traffic was moving fast enough, so she relaxed. She'd just make it.

A truck rolled up alongside her, and she glanced into the window of the cab. She was dazzled by a smile of white teeth, in the face of a beautiful woman! Tanned, framed by soft blond curls topped with a cowboy hat, the woman playfully stuck her tongue out at Susan and pulled ahead of her.

Susan felt the breath go out of her chest as it tightened. She'd found other women attractive, but this one caused such a rush. Ah, it's probably 'cause I'm so horny, she thought.

Still, she hit the gas just a bit harder and managed to catch up to the truck. As she caught up to her, Susan couldn't help grinning and tossing her long red hair over her shoulder with a flick of her head.

She was thrilled to see the trucker laugh at that, and suddenly pull her shirt up to reveal a beautiful pair of breasts. The sight of her hard nipples caused Susan's hand to slip on the wheel, and the car lurched away from the truck.

The driver's expression turned from lusty to concerned as Susan's car went off the highway and plowed into a field of tall grass, where she stopped. With a loud honk of the truck's horn, the driver pulled her truck over to the side of the road, jumped out of the cab, and ran over to Susan's car.

"Are you all right?!" she asked, just seeing Susan sitting there. She bent to the window, looking at Susan. Susan was catching her breath. It happened so fast. She was just glad nothing happened.

Susan was overcome by a desire, and she impulsively kissed the trucker softly on the lips. They pulled back and smiled at each other. "Oh, I think you're just fine," the girl said in a low voice, and they kissed again, a hot kiss that electrified Susan.

The driver opened Susan's car door and wrapped her arms around Susan, pressing their bodies together. Susan smelled the heady combination of the girl's scent mixed with the dust of the road. She went limp as the girl began kissing the side of her neck, moving beneath her chin, slowly turning and pushing Susan to lie her on her back on the carseat. "Oh God," Susan whispered as the girl's lips and licking tongue moved to her chest.

She felt her heart pounding in her chest as the girl's fingers began undoing the buttons of Susan's blouse. "I can't..." Susan breathed. "...believe you got this lucky?" finished the girl, who had exposed Susan's bra and was slowly pushing it up off her breasts.

"Mmmmmmmmm..." moaned Susan, her thought forgotten as the girl kissed her way over Susan's breast to her sensitive nipple. Susan began squirming slowly as the girl sucked gently. The girl was so pretty with her soft full lips pressed to Susan's nipple. She was playing her tongue over and around Susan's nipple, all the while keeping her intense blue eyes on Susan's, watching her responses.

Susan moaned softly, arching her back slowly. The girl moved to Susan's other breast, giving her nipple the same delicious attention. Susan began running her hands over the girl's hair, knocking the cowboy hat off, playing her fingers into the softness of it.

The girl chuckled low, and began kissing her way down, lingering on Susan's stomach, while Susan began to take sharp breaths inward. She drank in Susan's surprise and excitement with her eyes as she deftly undid Susan's skirt and pulled it down and off her legs.

Susan tried to speak, her voice coming out in a gasp. "Wait...wait...I've never..." she managed, her head falling backward, as the girl ran a finger between her legs, slowly moving it up and down over the cloth of her panties.

"...had it so good?" finished the girl in an amused voice. She giggled. "Me neither, cutie," she said brightly, and went to her knees on the ground by the car. Susan groaned. The feel of that finger moving over her was so good. The trucker knew how to touch her, and where. Her clit grew hard, and she felt her wetness welling up inside her pussy.

"Oh God," Susan choked out, as she felt the cool air moving over her pussy. The girl had pulled aside her panties and was admiring Susan's pussy, Susan's body, and looking at her for just a moment.

Susan had brief thoughts. She had to get to work. She had to let this girl know she'd never done this before. She had to know her name! But these thoughts were quickly banished as the girl put a soft tongue on her pussy lips and moved it wetly up her slit.

Susan's hips jerked upward as the girl's tongue made contact with her clit. The girl's breath hit her clit as she chuckled. "Mmmmm...you taste so good," she murmured, and began tasting Susan over and over.

Susan groaned, her hips rising to meet the girl's tongue, lost in the incredible feeling of the talented tongue sliding over her clit, pressing softly, moving it around, sending wonderful waves of pleasure all over her body.

Susan clutched the door handle above her head and held on so tightly her knuckles where white. The girl reached up and put both hands over Susan's breasts, squeezing them and running fingers over her nipples.

Susan began to feel she would go crazy with pleasure. No man had ever made her feel this incredibly hot sexy feeling! She slowly felt herself edging toward orgasm. So soon!

Susan's hips began moving faster, with more urgency, as she tried to press her pussy against the girl's face. Her moans came faster, her voice rising. The girl took a hand and began moving a finger over the opening of Susan's pussy, quickly slipping the finger inside.

Susan's body lurched as she felt the finger move inside. "OH GOD!" she shouted. "YES! Please, yes!" And her head began turning side to side as the girl found Susan's g-spot, pressing on the front wall of her pussy, moving that finger over it.

The girl's tongue was on Susan's clit, the finger inside her, and Susan could feel them meeting, touching through her skin, moving in a rhythm that began to carry her out of control.

"OH! OH! OH Noooooooo!" she shouted as she began to come. Her hips moved wildly up and down, the girl hanging on to her, licking, sucking, probing with two fingers now, laughing low. "OH GOD OH GOD OH GOD" Susan screamed, just as she came, feeling herself spasming around the girl's fingers, the wetness spreading all over both of them. She gasped, over and over, as her body tensed, coming again as the girl kept up the rhythm of fingers and tongue.

Susan came, over and over. She didn't know how long it went on, or what was going on around her. She gave herself up to the girl's loving attentions, the intense comes rippling through her body until finally, she was released.

The girl crawled over her and held her, kissing her gently, while Susan hugged her and tried to stay awake. Who are you? she thought, and fell asleep.

Susan awoke to find herself alone, only the sound of traffic moving by filtering through her mind. She sat up, and realized she'd been covered with a blanket. She looked around, but she was alone. She quickly dressed and started the car, grabbing her cell phone out of her purse as she headed off to work. "You'll never believe what happened," she told her boss over the phone, "I was run off the road by a truck."

She stopped suddenly when she saw the phone number written in lipstick on the back of her hand, and smiled.