 My affair with Sandy continued regularly for the next several weeks. I went to her apartment Tuesday afternoons, and she came to my house on Thursdays or Fridays. Each session seemed a little better than the last, with both of us learning more and more about how to excite and to satisfy the other. I also got a good fucking by my husband two or three times a week, so I was extremely satisfied with my sex life.

After about 6 weeks of this affair, my husband, Ben, asked what I had done on the previous Friday afternoon. I told him that I had listened to a couple of soap operas and cleaned the bathrooms. I got the feeling that he suspected something, but I didn't know what. Nor did I know what made him suspicious. I didn't think it wise to make a big deal of it, so I didn't question him and he did not give me any further indication. 

Sandy came to see me on Friday again a week later, and we wasted little time getting a quick Peach Cooler down and getting to the shower. We took our time in the shower, kneading each other's tits and asses, and feeling each other's pussies. After douching each other with pulsating shower jets, we dried each other and went to my bed. After arousing kisses and tit sucking, she moved down to my cunt and teased my clit with her wonderful probing, saber-saw-like tongue until I was near orgasm. Suddenly, she stopped, and rolled on her back, inviting me to take a turn at eating her pussy.

I was happy to get my mouth and tongue to work on that big cunt and clit. I licked from the bottom of her closed cunt lips upward a few swipes before they parted and her big, beautiful clit began to protrude. I licked slowly from her widening hole upward, back and forth from cunt lip to cunt lip, sucking the lips a few times as I progressed toward her clit. As I got close to it, I began to lick all around it until it was full and hard. I flicked it from side to side a few times, then pursed my lips and very gently sucked it in. Her moans and sighs soon made it evident that she was near orgasm, and I quit working on her as she had done to me.

We then lay together, kissing and licking around each other's mouths, savoring the tastes of the mixed pussy juices on our lips and chins. We refreshed the tastes several times by putting our fingers back into our cunts, then letting the other suck on them. We also massaged each others tits with our juices and then slowly licked and sucked them clean. My nipples were so hard that they ached, and I'm sure that Sandy's were, too. We continued until we were so hot that we couldn't hold off any longer, we just had to get ourselves off, and we knew that there were going to be several great orgasms. 

We began with the deliberate intention to slowly bring each other to simultaneous orgasms. I rolled on top or her, one of my legs parting hers, and pressing upward into her crotch. She rolled toward me slightly, spreading her legs further, and allowing my leg to get close to her cunt. She also bent her leg that was between mine, pressing it into my crotch and cunt. We wiggled, humped and twisted, managing to rub each others clits with our legs, as we gradually got nearer and nearer to orgasm. The tempo increased, and the moans and groans got louder and louder. We rolled back and forth on the bed, first one then the other on top, humping frantically, rubbing our tits against each other and kissing and licking anything that our mouths came in contact with. Finally, we used fingers to give continuous stimulation to our clits and bring ourselves to a tumultuous laughing, crying, screeching orgasm. 

After perhaps ten minutes of recovery, we turned the stereo on and I found some nice old music tapes to dance by. We danced in the nude through several oldies while riding each others legs and kneading each other's ass cheeks. We began kissing again and telling each other how much we were in love, how we wanted to make the other have a continuous orgasm, how we loved each others tits, clits, tongues, etc. I sat on the bed with her head in my lap, and a nipple in her mouth while I massaged and gently pulled her big hard nipples. 

Gradually, I managed to get my feet up on the bed, and leaned over her to let her suck my tit. I intended to suck hers, also. With both hands, she squeezed one of my hanging tits, making the areola and nipple stand out. Her jabbing tongue on my nipple had its usual effect of making it extremely sensitive. Thrills went through my whole body as her tongue slowly probed around my nipple. When it finally flicked back and forth over the nipple, I cried out, lifted my head and shook with pleasure. I almost had an orgasm when she started to punch the nipple rapidly with her tongue. 

Not wanting to precede her in another orgasm, I asked her to stop work on my tit while I tried to concentrate on hers. As I'm sure I've said before, her rather small breasts with large and protruding areolas, and very large nipples did things to me. I loved to suck them, to get most of her tit in my mouth and to feel the hard nipple almost in my throat. I adjusted my position to get to one of her tits better, and she could not get her mouth to mine. She continued to squeeze and kneed them, however, keeping them hard and sensitive, and keeping me suspended in a highly aroused state. 

I began by licking around and around one of her large, hard nipples as I squeezed the tit with both hands. She responded with soft "a-a-a-ahs" and "m-m-m-m-ms" and by bending her back to push out her chest. I slowly sucked the nipple into my mouth as she cried out, then shivered a little. One of her hands stopped working on my tits to get to her own unattended one. She pulled, pinched and twisted its nipple as I started to suck in more and more tit, opening my mouth as wide as I could and feeling the nipple and areola nearly in my throat. I managed to keep from gagging as I made a few swallowing attempts as she groaned. 

"O-o-o-oh, that's so good; my tits love you! But you're getting left out. Let's 69, I want on top, I want to get my mouth into your sweet pussy, I want to taste you, to eat you. Hurry, my pussy wants your tongue, too." 

I sat up in the bed, then laid back, crossways on the bed. My head was just over the edge of the bed, but I didn't mind, since I would be lifting it up to get into her crack and pussy. She mounted me, placing a knee on each side of my chest, under my arms. She then readjusted her position so that she could squat with her pussy only a few inches above my mouth. I wasted no time beginning to lap up the juices already flowing from her big cunt. I slowly licked around the lips, sucking and nibbling as I went. She began licking and probing around my pussy with her wonderful, slithering tongue. We purposely avoided concentrating on each other's clits; we had learned that we each liked to go slowly, savoring the sensations imparted by the other's tongue, but not so overpowering that we could not continue to provide stimulation and teasing in return. 

After about fifteen minutes of this action, we were getting very close to the point that we would begin to concentrate on clits, put fingers into each others cunts, and strive for simultaneous orgasms. That's when I detected a movement over my head, behind Sandy. I looked back over my head and got the shock of my life. 

There was my naked husband, Ben, with a rubber on his very stiff cock. He pointed a finger at me, and with a very stern look, placed a finger over his mouth, warning me to be quiet. Since he was wearing a rubber, I knew that he intended to fuck Sandy, my beautiful, lesbian Sandy, who had avoided men all her years, who had no intention of ever having a cock in her cunt. 

I was afraid to deny my husband; I didn't want to lose him. I didn't want to lose Sandy, either, but I had made up my mind to, just in case a choice was necessary. I just hoped that Sandy would get over the shock, the betrayal, and that her love for me would survive. I made up my mind to help Ben. I quickly devised a plan. I pointed to one of the dildos, and he seemed a little puzzled. I nodded my head, and he reached for the dildo; I tried to indicate that I was going to use it on Sandy. I took it from him, trying not to make my distraction from Sandy's wonderful cunt licking too obvious. 

"Oh, Sandy, that's so good, so good, keep it up, don't slow down, lick me, eat me," I told her, then continued "I'm going to put a dildo in your cunt, I'm going to give you a good fucking, better than you ever had before. A fucking you'll love. I've got two dildos, I'll use the smaller one first," I lied.

Ben caught on, picked up the dildo, and made movements indicating that he intended to use it on her. I thought that I had best use it first, so I shook my head. I was afraid Sandy would look back and see him, so I motioned for him to crouch down. She did lift her head a little to ask that I hurry, that her cunt was waiting, that she wanted to get fucked. I could tell by Ben's actions that he was getting extremely horny for that lovely cunt, and I certainly couldn't blame him for that; I was, too! 

I ran the tip of the dildo around her big, very receptive hole, then inserted the tip slowly. She almost immediately asked for more. I knew, of course that I had had my whole hand in her before and that she could take it. I gradually increased the depth of insertion and wobbled it around, reaming her, exciting her, and causing her to sway her back even more. 

"That's it, baby, stick your ass up in the air, let me get more into your cunt, let me fuck you deeper. Tell me when you are ready for the bigger one, the big surprise."

"Oh, I'm ready, I'm ready for a big one, give me the big one, stretch my cunt." 

"OK, I'm going to move a little to reach it and to shove it in you. Keep your ass high and keep working on my pussy, I love your mouth on my pussy, eat me, eat me," I went on. 

I motioned Ben to the edge of the bed, to where he could lean over my head and get his big cock to her cunt. I was suddenly a little jealous of Sandy, but I loved her enough that I wanted to share with her. I motioned him to lean toward her and to start into her.

"Here we go Sandy, I'm going to put it to you, I think you can take it, I think you'll love it," I said, then as his cock touched her hole, "I'll give it to you slowly, tell me if you like it."

"Oh, God! It feels so warm, so smooth, almost alive. I'm ready, Becky, give it to me, put it in me. Ah-h-h, that's good, that's good, deeper, deeper, fuck me, fuck me." 

Ben's cock was only about half way in and he hadn't touched her ass cheeks yet. I realized that he was about to shove it in as far as it would go and Sandy was going to realize that she was being fucked by a man. I felt that I had to do something to set the stage, and I motioned for him to stop. I wasn't sure what to do next. Before I could decide, Sandy reared backward, driving herself to the hilt of Ben's cock. When she felt his balls on her clit and his groin against her ass, she realized she had been tricked, but before she could pull away, Ben bent over her and clamped his arms around her belly, pulling her into him. 

"Oh my God, it's a man! Becky, who is he? What have you done, let me loose, let me loose, stop fucking me. Damn you! You bastard, you're raping me. Stop! Stop it!" she cried.

"Sandy, baby, please stop fighting, please. It's my husband Ben. He sneaked into the bedroom and I found out too late. I couldn't stop him. Please forgive us. He has a rubber on, he can't hurt you, please let Ben fuck you. Do it for me. I love you both, I want you both. I want you to love each other. Anyway, it's too late to stop, you may as well enjoy it!" I said, as I squirmed back enough to get to her tits. 

"But, I've never fucked a man before. I don't want to fuck a man, I just want to fuck you, Becky, I love you," she said, but her struggling let up noticeably.

"I love you both, I want you both. You can't have me unless you have us both. I want you to love each other, to fuck each other. I can't have you unless he has you, too. I want him to fuck your pretty virgin cunt, I want you to love his big cock. Please let him fuck you hard," I pleaded. "Doesn't that feel good, doesn't his big hard cock feel good sliding in and out?"

Sandy's hot sexual nature soon began to dominate her, and she started to meet Ben's thrusts with her own. Her tits were now swinging back forth so much that I couldn't get my mouth on anything, so I just took a tit in each hand and pulled and pinched. 

"Oh-h-h, oh-h-h, it does feel good. Yeah, ye-a-a-ah, it's so good, feels so good sliding into my cunt. Yes, yes, fuck me, Ben, fuck me hard, make me come. Unh - unh - unh - faster - faster," she punctuated every stroke.

So far, Ben had not said anything, but he was doing a lot of grunting and groaning. His grunts coincided with Sandy's as they approached orgasm. They were oblivious to my presence, they were each in an erotic trance. He obviously felt and thought only of her cunt on his sensitive cock. His face was contorted, eyes rolling a little, mouth open and his breathing was very heavy. I knew that he was on the verge of orgasm. Experience told me that she had become aware only of the sensations shooting through her from the feel of his cock sliding in and out and his balls slapping on her clit. I got up from the bed, to watch and listen. The grunts and groans got louder, and the tone of her voice raised to a squeal.

"Ye-e-e-h, ye-e-e-h, ye-e-e-h," she repeated, as she turned her head from side to side, and shoved herself back into Ben.

"Uh-h, uh-h, uh-h," Ben grunted, in synchronism. 

They came together, Ben making powerful but erratic thrusts into her and she twisting and thrusting into him. Her arms collapsed and she pushed her ass backward, pushing Ben back from the bed. He pulled out of her cunt, still having some minor orgasmic contortions. She lay quietly, exhausted, with her legs doubled and spread, her ass and pussy extended off the bed. He fell to his knees, and lapped up the juices from her dripping pussy. I must admit that I was a little jealous of both of them. 

Ben spoke first, "Um-m-m-m-m, that tastes so good, and I love that clit, it's really big! Becky, I sure do love fucking your friend, and I think that she kinda liked it, too. You called her Sandy, is that right?"

Before I could answer, Sandy said, "That's right, Ben, I'm Sandy, but I'm more than a fucking friend. I love Becky, I'm Becky's lesbian lover. Yours is the first real cock I've ever seen, much less had touch me and fuck me. I am glad it was yours, Ben, glad it was Becky's husband's. I love Becky more than she knows, and I was jealous, even resentful, that she loved you, too. Now I think I can love you both."

She rolled onto her side, then sat up on the edge of the bed. Ben was obviously taken by her beauty and her tits. He stood in front of her, his cock now drooping with the condom full. She reached for it, lifted it up some and began to remove the rubber. As she started to roll it, it began to slip off and she removed it carefully to prevent spilling the contents. She sniffed the come-wet cock, wet a finger in it, then took the first taste of a man's come. 

"Hum-m-m, not too bad, but I like Becky's cunt better. Do you like the taste of Becky's cunt, Ben?"

"Oh, yes, I love to taste and suck her cunt, and I know she likes it, too. I like having her suck my cock, too. I think it will get hard again and I can fuck her good, too, if one of you will work on it for a bit." 

"Let me do it, Ben, let me learn to suck your cock. I want to get you hard for Becky, while you eat her pussy. Get on the bed, Ben, and let Becky sit on your face." Sandy instructed. 

"God, yes, Sandy, I'd love to have you suck my cock, but be very gentle, it's very sensitive. Cover your teeth with your lips, and wet them well," he said. "That's it, slow and easy, slow and easy. Flip under the head with your tongue. That's the way, that's good. Oh God, I love you, I love you. You learn so fast."

I was so pleased at Sandy's acceptance of the situation that I first hugged her and gave her ear a good wet kiss before I straddled Ben's head. I could imagine all kinds of action in the future, now that Ben was on to at least some of my afternoon activities. I was already wondering what he was going to say when we were alone, but I didn't expect much complaining. I was very glad that Sandy had wanted to suck Ben's cock. I recalled a college foursome that had gone sour because the other girl wouldn't suck cock. It was quite obvious that Ben was already in love with Sandy. I just hoped that my and Ben's relationship would not be adversely affected. 

My mind was soon occupied by the delicious sensations that were building up in my cunt as Ben sucked and licked. He knew where and how I liked him to work on my wet slit. I was kept hot and excited by watching Sandy get fucked by Ben, and his tongue felt so good on my clit that I had a time just keeping from sitting hard on his face. He reached upward, getting a tit in each hand, and squeezed them gently. I squirmed and shivered a little as he sucked my clit and flicked it with his tongue. I was getting too hot, too near orgasm, and wanted to hold off. I could see that Ben had a hard-on again, and I wanted it. I moved over and got on my hands and knees beside Ben.

"OK, Sandy, you've done a good job. He's ready, and I'm ready. Let him fuck me. You come up here, I want your mouth on my tits. Get under me so I can suck your tits, too."

"I loved sucking his big cock, Becky, thanks for sharing Ben with me; I love you and I love Ben, too. I want to make your tits feel good, to see Ben fuck you, make you scream for more. I want to see and feel and hear you when you come," she said as she positioned herself under me.

Ben got to his knees behind me and rubbed his cock up and down my slit a couple of times before pressing it in. All the foreplay and watching had me very hot and wet already, so that he slid right in. It felt the best that I could remember. Exquisite sensations radiated from my cunt through my whole body. He worked slowly at first, and waves of pleasure made me groan as I sucked one of Sandy's tits into my mouth. Both of her hands squeezed one of my hanging tits, and her mouth and tongue milked the very sensitive nipple. The sensations from my cunt and from my tit overwhelmed the rest of my senses, they were all that I could feel, all that I wanted to feel. I just wanted Ben to shove more of himself into me, to stretch me, to pump into me faster and harder while Sandy milked my tit and punched at it with her tongue. 

Overcome by the approaching orgasm, I suddenly pushed myself up from Sandy and reared backward onto Ben's cock, almost pushing him backward. He shoved right back, giving me everything he had, and started the quicker, harder, less rhythmic humps that told me he was coming. That triggered my orgasm, too, and I began twisting and shoving my ass. I raised and shook my head, making all kinds of groans and cries, then shivered, jerked and squirmed in a shattering, convulsive orgasm. I finally started to calm down, and he pulled out. I fell sideways, then rolled onto my back, legs spread, eyes closed, and savored the feeling of fulfillment. 

Gradually, I became aware of fingers on my pussy, wiping gently, gathering what I knew was a mixture of Ben's semen and my cunt juices. I made no move, didn't even open my eyes, as I thought that Ben was trying to prevent the fluids from running onto the sheets. I began to realize, about the third or fourth swipe, however, that the fingers were too soft, the touch too gentle to be Ben's. I opened my eyes to see Sandy licking her fingers. When she saw that I was watching, she smiled and moved to kiss me. Her kiss was merely a peck before she moved downward, down to get to my pussy with her mouth.
