 Back when I was attending college I was on the girls cross country team. It was fun getting to run after school, letting off steam from the day, and being outside in the fresh air. 

There was a forest near my school where our coach would have us run once we left school grounds for practices, but we always ended up back in town all sweaty as we made our way back to school.

It was during one of these runs that I noticed a woman staring at me from a little coffee shop located downtown. She was a nice looking woman, with long brunette hair and a tan complexion. From what I could see she had a nice upper figure. I always passed her by running and could only get short glances in, but one time it looked like she wet her lips as I passed by.

A big meet was coming up and I decided to get in some extra running on my own. I asked my best friend Sarah if she wanted to come along, but she said she was busy.

I wanted the run to be the same as it was during practice, so I walked to school, changed into my running clothes, a tiny tank top and tight short-shorts, tennis socks and running shoes, and took off. I was a petite girl, 5'1" tall and about 95 pounds. My bra size was 32C, my waist was 21 inches around and my hips measured 32 inches.

I never wore underwear during a race or practice as the panties always wedged up in my ass and my bra always got heavy with sweat.

Surprisingly I was going at a quick pace and got out of the forest 15 seconds faster than usual, but once I hit town I was getting tired and breathing heavy. I reached the business district and was a mess. My clothes were soaked from sweat and my nipples were erect from all the rubbing against my top. Once again I saw the woman standing in the coffee shop. I needed a breather and stopped in front of the store, putting my hands on my hips and leaned back a bit. I heard the door open and a woman's voice say, "You seem hot. Would you like to come in and sit down?"

I turned my head and saw it was the woman who had admired me during my runs. "Yes," I said in a deep breath. "I would like that very much."

The coffee shop was really small inside, just a few tables and a counter. I sat down at the table near the water cooler and asked if I could have a drink.

"Sure, here's a bottle of water. And, my name is Lydia."

"Thank you. Oh, and my name is Katie."

"Katie, I must say I have seen you run past this shop many times and have always wanted you to stop in for a drink. What do you think of that?

"It was very nice of you to offer me a drink, but I should be getting back to my run." I started getting up and she placed her hand over mine. "Couldn't you stay for a little while longer? I want to talk with you about something."

"Katie, it's not just that I have watched you, I have had dreams about you, what you would look like under your sweaty clothes, hoping you would be all sweaty and slick."

This was really strange to me, but after seeing Lydia up close I was almost mesmerized. She was a striking beauty, about 5-foot, 7-inches tall, about six inches taller than me. She had a great figure, her boobs were larger than mine, and I could not stop what her pussy looked like. I thought I would play along and see how far this would go.

"That sounds nice, but I really need to take a shower. I should probably get back to my school," I said.

"Katie, if you like, you could take a shower in my apartment, it is just above this shop," Lydia said. I said OK and she closed her shop, and then led me by the hand up the back stairs to her apartment. I could not stop staring at her ass as it shook back and forth in her tight skirt.

She unlocked the door and we brought me inside to what was an amazing place. It looked like it was spread out over the whole block. Lydia saw my surprised face and said she owned the whole building and rented out space down below to other businesses.

"I like living downtown, and this was a great location. There is a lot to see," she said, gazing at me up and down.

"Katie, let me help you out of your clothes and get you in the shower," she said. Lydia told me to raise my arms and lifted my top off, quickly noticing I was not wearing a bra. She then helped me remove my shorts and again noticed I was not wearing any panties. I slipped off my running shoes and tennis socks as she got me a towel. Lydia was smiling when she came back to me.

"Let's get you into a hot shower, you hot thing." Lydia turned on the hot water and I stepped in and closed the curtain. As I was soaping myself up I heard Lydia enter the room. "Katie, may I come in?"

Not knowing what to say, I remained silent. I liked her and all, but was unsure about her actually touching me naked in the shower. Lydia pulled open the curtain and my mouth opened wide as I saw she was naked, her tits standing firm and her pussy was waxed like mine. Without saying a word she entered the shower and began soaping my body.

"Katie, I have admired you for a long time, thinking about what it would be like to have you. What do you have to say to that?

"I like it so far."

"Good, let's get out of the shower, you are clean enough." Lydia helped me out and toweled me off. She then led me into her bedroom and sat me on her bed while she stood in front of me.

"If you want to be with me, you have to follow some rules so no one gets hurt, understand?" Lydia said, holding her hand to my chin. I said yes and she continued. "You can leave any time you want, but when you are here I am in control. I give orders and you will obey them."

After telling me some code words and hand signals to use if I wanted to stop and leave, Lydia sat on the bed next to me and told me to lie across her lap. I was so turned on and my pussy was so wet I hesitated for fear she would see I was so excited by this.

Without saying anything Lydia started spanking my bare butt. After a few swats she told me to count out loud starting with one. I did, struggling to get the numbers out after 15. When she finally stopped she spanked me 30 times, not counting the first few spanks.

"Get up and go to the mirror and look at your ass," she said. I walked to her floor-length mirror and saw my little round butt was a dark red color. It made my pussy hot seeing it and I started trickling out some wetness.

Lydia told me to lie on the bed and she began to eat me, using her fingers to spread my pussy and make a wider area for her tongue to taste me all over. She found my clit and was biting it between her teeth and then pinching it between her thumb and finger until I came, passing out from the experience.

When I came to I was lying in Lydia's arms. It had been several hours since I had first stopped there. She asked me if I had to get home and I said I had better as I did not want to make my roomates mad.

"Will they spank you if you are late," she said with a giggle.

"No," I said.

"Katie, call me when you get home, strip down and grab a paddle or something and smack your ass 40 times."

I got excited all over again and started playing with my pussy. Lydia pulled down the bed covers and watched me, sucking on my nipples and making me cum again.

My jogging clothes had dried out and I put them back on and ran back to the school, where I showered and changed into my clothes and went home.