 Several days after Annie's visit, she called about noon and said that she had talked to her friend Sandy, whom she described as a beautiful unmarried young lady (24) that had experienced only lesbian affairs while in High School and College. Annie said that Sandy was at first a little hurt that she (Annie) had another lover, but she decided that she would like to meet me, especially since I had been told about her. Annie also said that she didn't think it was a good idea to invite anyone else for this visit, or Sandy would balk. I agreed, and honestly told her that I looked forward to their visit with great anticipation, and asked how soon they could come. She said that Sandy worked weekends, this was her day off, and that they could come over within an hour if that was OK. I told her that I couldn't wait, and to please hurry!. (In fact, I was already hot. My nipples and clit were becoming sensitive, and I could feel my cunt become swollen and wet.) I decided I had better get busy with something before I completely gave in to masturbation.

I went to my bedroom, put fresh satin sheets on the bed, laid out towels, shower caps, and 3 of the beautiful new robes that I had bought in hopes that Annie would follow up on her plan to bring friends over. I went to the kitchen and got out glasses, made sure that the wine cooler assortment was ready, and generally fussed around in my excited state of anticipation. 

It seemed like forever before I heard the doorbell. I almost knocked over a lamp as I rushed to the door, only to find a UPS delivery man with a package. Luckily, I was still reasonably dressed, although the man must have had some doubts about my presence of mind. As I watched him drive away, I saw Annie and her friend park at the curb, and Annie waved at me. I waited at the open door as they came up the walkway. For the neighbors' benefit, Annie had her official looking magazine bag, and both were dressed in business type outfits with skirts and jackets. I greatly appreciated their consideration. I was immediately impressed by Sandy's warm smile and beautiful brown shoulder length hair. She was a little shorter than me, and thinner, particularly in the waist and buttocks. Once inside, and the door closed, Annie and I kissed very passionately, which embarrassed Sandy somewhat. 

Observing Sandy's discomfort, I said "Annie, you must introduce me to your beautiful lady friend." 

Annie said "Becky, Sandy is more than a friend, she is a lover; I love you both and I want you to love each other." 

She then kissed Sandy much as she kissed me, but placed one hand on Sandy's ass and a leg between her thighs. I found that I was suddenly the left-out party, and I became embarrassed. 

They finally parted and Annie said, "Becky, would you like to give Sandy a kiss to show her she is welcome?"

Without any hesitation on my part, I took one of Sandy's small hands into mine, turned to face her, and said, "Sandy, I'm very happy to meet you. I think you are the most desirable looking young lady I have ever seen, and I hope that you will let me help Annie make love to you!" 

With those somewhat unexpected words, the ice cracked and we all laughed. I then kissed her closed and puckered lips as I also felt her small, firm and well shaped ass. Annie came close and took one of Sandy's hands and placed it on my ass. Gradually, the kiss got more passionate as her resistance subsided. Her mouth began to relax as my tongue traced her lips and penetrated between them. As if a switch flipped, she was suddenly the aggressor, her tongue moved rapidly around my mouth and in and out. She sucked my lips and tongue, and I sucked hers. We began massaging each other's ass, and rubbing our breasts together. We nearly forgot Annie until she spoke.

"Alright, you two, I'd like to get in on that action, too! Why don't we get out of the hallway?" With that, Sandy and I broke off the kiss and parted. 

I said, "Annie, I am so thrilled to meet Sandy, I'm sure we'll have a wonderful time. I love you for sharing her with me." 

Sandy said softly, "I think I'm glad you did, too."

I regained my presence of mind and asked them to please remove their jackets. They did and I noted that both wore very thin blouses. Annie didn't have a bra on but Sandy did. She did not appear to have large breasts, but she had a very beautifully shaped ass. I invited them to sit in the living room while I went to the kitchen to get drinks, but they preferred to go with me to the kitchen. They held hands as they followed me. I poured wine cooler for each, and replaced the bottle in the fridge. 

"Annie, do you wish to visit a while in the living room?" I asked.

"Becky, honey, I want to do my visiting in the bedroom. I think Sandy would like that, too." 

That formality over with, Annie went to get her bag and we went to the bedroom. I showed them the towels and robes, and suggested that we shower separately, and privately, putting on the robes after our showers. We would then "reveal" ourselves one at a time in any manner we chose. They both agreed, and I asked Sandy to go first. 

"Please wait for me to return!" she said as she smiled prettily, took her skirt, shoes and hose off and disappeared into the bathroom still wearing her panties and bra and carrying the robe and towel. 

Annie and I sat on the bed, embraced and kissed, but did not go much further, since we wanted to make Sandy as much a participant as possible to avoid any hurt feelings. Annie said that she was sure now that we were going to be great together, and that she was so relieved. I ask about her other friends, and she said that she thought all of them were beautiful, but that Sandy was the youngest. 

The oldest, Liz, an "old maid" of 42, was a Real Estate agent, and had never had a sexual partner before she met Annie. When I was told that, I raised my eye-brows in disbelief. Annie said she was sure of it because the inexperience was so evident in their first affairs. She started to relate Liz's reaction to her first kiss, but we were interrupted by the return of Sandy. Annie had told me that Sandy was unaware of other ladies in her life so we said no more on the topic. I was sure that I wanted to hear more about Liz, however, whenever we could talk. 

Sandy came from the bathroom with the robe tied around her small waist and with her beautiful wavy brown hair newly combed. She laid her panties and bra on a chair with her other clothes, and came over to the bed and sat down. 

I told Annie to go next, and she said, "OK, I won't be long," as she removed her outer clothes and headed for the bathroom. 

I poured Sandy and myself another drink and asked her about her school days and extra-curricular activities while in school. She had gone to a girls school by choice, since she did not want to be bothered by boys and girls that disagreed with her sexual preferences. She didn't think she would be pressed into any heterosexual activities at an all-girls school. She said there were a few embarrassing incidents during her first few months there, but that there were many girl/girl relationships among the older students, and that she soon became quite popular. Sandy's frankness surprised me somewhat, perhaps because I had always considered my lesbian tendencies to be an aberration, and never discussed them with anyone. Actually, I had only three very short affairs before Annie, although I had enjoyed them so much that I often regretted that I hadn't had more. Sandy went in for a lot of physical ed activities, and played volley ball on the school team. 

She winked when she said "I liked volley ball a lot, but I liked the showers with the other girls, too." 

We laughed a little at that, and I found myself liking Sandy more and more. I was also wishing that our Annie would get back from the shower so that I could get mine over with and get into more exciting activities. I reached behind Sandy's head and ran my hands through her hair. As I did so, she turned to face me and we started leaning into position for a kiss. 

At just that moment, Annie came from the bath and said "OK, you two, what have you been up to?" 

I said "Nothing yet, Annie, but it's a good thing you came in. I find Sandy very difficult to resist." 

I wasted little time getting my clothes off and getting into the bathroom. I very quickly showered, and used the Shower Massage to give myself a douche. I was quite horny, and it was difficult to resist playing with myself. I quickly soaped and rinsed, then shut off the shower and grabbed the towel. 

Within a few minutes (a record for me, since I normally caressed myself a lot) I had my robe on and was back out of the bathroom. Annie and Sandy were sitting apart and talking, probably about me, when I opened the door. They both rose and the three of us stood facing each other in our robes. They were obviously waiting for me to tell them what I had in mind for the next moves. I was in doubt, myself, but was sure at that point that I didn't want to delay getting onto the bed with them for very long. 

I said "Annie, baby, we have both enjoyed being with you before, so please remove your robe now, and let us refresh our memories." 

Annie immediately removed her robe and Sandy and I both made a move toward her, each fondling a tit and then kissing it. 

"Oh, God, I'm going to love this!" Annie said as she shuddered a little and put her arms around each of our heads, pulling them into her breasts. Her nipples were very hard. 

I said "OK, I'll be next, then Sandy may present herself." 

I moved away from Annie, Sandy followed my lead and moved back a few feet also. I then moved over in front of a mirror and pretended to play to myself as I loosened my robe, placed my left hand under it and began fondling my right tit. I made sure that they could get a good view in the mirror as I gradually opened the robe, placed my right hand over my belly and began working it downward as I gyrated and ground. Just as I got down to my clit and touched it, I shivered and removed my hand. 

I then laid my robe aside and told Sandy: "Honey, you had better make it short or I might tackle you." 

"I certainly will be quick. I want to feel and taste you both all over." 

She untied her robe, holding it together at the top, and did a whirl to show her beautifully rounded ass cheeks and a clean shaven pubic area. She noted my reaction and smiled, then stood facing me as she spread her legs and leaned back, the robe falling on the outside of her legs. She thrust out her pelvis, displaying her clean shaven, long and beautifully shaped cunt. She pumped it toward me a few times in a very erotic way. As she turned away, she removed the robe completely, placed her hands over her breasts, and turned around, ground and pumped her pelvis toward first Annie then me. She removed her hands and spread her arms high. I was sure that I had never seen such an erotic figure in my life. I was so impressed, aroused, and pleased with this young lady that I was beside myself. I just stared for a moment, then both Annie and I applauded.

Sandy's breasts were unique and beautiful. They were shaped like cones, rather small around, but very firm and standing out further than most ladies' breasts. The cones were topped by areola areas that were rounded and stood out like halves of plumbs. The nipples were quite large, nearly an inch long, and they stood straight out and firm from the areolas. The overall result was a very exciting and protruding set of breasts that I could hardly wait to get my hands and mouth to work on! 

Those breasts, combined with the equally exquisitely shaped cunt, the round and enticing ass cheeks, beautiful face and hair made her a very real goddess of sex, certainly in my mind. I found it hard to believe that Annie was willing to share Sandy with anyone, and concluded that there must be more for me to learn on that score. I surely understood why Sandy had become popular in school! I also saw why she would have had a difficult time if there had been any young men around.

Annie and I rushed to Sandy, each taking a tit into one hand while kissing her cheek and placing the other hand on her ass. 

I said "Annie, how did you ever find such a lovely lady?" 

Not awaiting an answer, I fondled that beautiful tit and found the areola hard and firm, as was the nipple. I leaned down and licked around the areola, getting a little "O-o-o-oh" and wiggle from Sandy. Annie did the same, with similar results. Sandy put her head back, groaned and shivered as we both licked around and over her nipples. 

"Let's go to the bed where we can concentrate on the tasks at hand!" I suggested.

With arms around each other, we went to the bed. Sandy lay in the middle on her back and Annie and I laid on our bellies on either side. I was on her left side, and placed my mouth on her left tit, my left leg between hers, spreading her legs apart somewhat. Annie took a similar position on the right side and we essentially had this little lady in heat just where she wanted us to have her. Annie and I then began to lick around those beautiful nipples, then suck them. 

"O-oh, ye-e-es, ye-e-es! I love having them both sucked at the same time. Oh, yes, suck them harder, harder." cried Sandy as she squirmed and twisted. 

I opened my mouth wide and sucked in half her tit. I could feel the nipple in the back of my mouth, and it almost gagged me. Soon, however, the eroticism of my mouth took over and I savored the feel of the nipple at the back of my tongue. I attempted to make swallowing movements with resulting screeches from Sandy. 

"Oh God, Oh God, that's it, that's it, more, more, swallow my tit." 

I got so hot that I started to squirm. Annie managed to get her left hand on my right tit, pinching and pulling the nipple as best she could. I had almost forgotten Annie, but Sandy's reactions caused me to look that way and note that she was biting and pulling Sandy's big nipple with obvious approval of Sandy. Annie had removed her leg from between Sandy's, and was on her knees with her ass in the air, one of her hands on Sandy's tit and the other on her own pussy, masturbating herself. My own pussy wanted some attention, and with Sandy's help I managed to get my cunt against her leg. As I continued licking, sucking, biting and "swallowing" her tit, I humped and ground on her leg, greatly heightening my arousal as well as hers. 

Finally, she said "Oh, my pussy aches! One of you please eat me, eat my pussy, suck my clit," at which Annie quickly positioned herself between Sandy's legs. 

I removed my leg from over Sandy's, and raised myself up to watch as Annie's fingers quickly traced around that beautiful big cunt, whose lips were now parted and exceedingly wet. The hood folds over her clit were partially open, revealing a much larger clit than I had ever seen. I once again marveled at how this lady had all the features that I could imagine desirable for great sex. I was jealous of Annie, suddenly, and I think Sandy sensed it. 

Sandy said, "Oh, that's great, lick it, suck my clit, eat me!" as she squirmed and jerked her pelvis into Annie's face. 

"Becky, I want a kiss." She said to me.

I moved up to kiss her and was suddenly reminded that her tongue was a very erotic tool. It darted around and in and out of my lips and mouth and again made me feel like I was getting fucked in the mouth. She managed to get her hands onto my tits, squeezing and then pinching and pulling the nipples. It was my turn to moan and wiggle, and I had to pull away from the kiss to get my breath and shiver a little at the pleasure of her touch on my nipples. 

Between admonitions to Annie to "Lick my clit", "Eat me", and "Fuck me with your tongue", she said "Becky, let me suck your tits." 

I positioned myself over her on my elbows and knees so that we could suck each other's tits. I took her right tit into my mouth and sucked hard, again feeling the nipple in the back of my mouth and enjoying the feel almost as much as if I were being fucked in the cunt. She was wiggling, grinding and groaning so much as she responded to both Annie and myself working on her that she took a bit to get started on my tit. When she started licking slowly around my nipple. 

"Oh, Sandy, they were so ready for you, that's great" I said.

I had hardly got that out when she sucked hard, pulling the nipple and areola into her mouth and then starting that wonderful tongue to poke, jab and circle the nipple. 

"A-a-ah, O-o-oh, What are you doing to me? Don't stop, don't stop! Oh, God that's good." I cried as she worked on my tit. 

I nearly lost control of my body as I wanted nothing but to get my tits sucked and probed by that wondrous tongue. I almost smothered her as I became too weak to support myself. I recovered enough to roll away from her and break the session. I was so hot that I felt that I had to bring myself off quickly. 

Before I could get to my cunt, however, Annie said to Sandy "Let's take her! Let's give her a fucking to remember." 

Annie jumped on top of me, spreading my arms, then kissing me with soft wet lips and probing my mouth with her tongue. Meanwhile, Sandy got up, spread my legs and placed herself between them so that she could lick and kiss my cunt. She began by kissing and caressing my inner thighs, working slowly toward my very eager pussy. Meanwhile, Annie moved to one side, and began to fondle one tit while she licked and sucked the other. I was almost out of control again, my tits feeling like pure pleasure points, and Sandy's caresses causing me to jerk and squirm in anticipation of the ultimate contact and fulfillment. When Sandy did touch my clit with her mouth, I felt that there could be nothing more joyous, and I was near my climax. Suddenly, she placed two fingers in my vagina and then took my clit between her lips as she sucked. When Sandy began teasing my clit with that wondrous tongue, I must have screamed loudly, because Annie placed her hand over my mouth and said something about neighbors. 

Sandy's tongue then really started to work, first on my clit and downward to my vagina and back to my clit. Her tongue worked almost like a vibrator, poking and flicking around my clit giving tingling sensations that shot clear to my toes and fingertips. My heart pounded in my ears, my face felt numb, my ears tingled. About the fifth time she got back to my clit, I was totally out of control of my body as I approached a shattering, exquisite, wrenching climax. I think that I would have passed out if she could have kept her tongue working on my clit. That was totally impossible, however, as I shivered, jerked, humped, cried, laughed, and writhed in wild, delicious delirium. I don't think anything else in the world could give such a feeling of utter consummation as did that climax. They both hugged me as I gradually settled down. 

After a few minutes of kissing and fondling as we separated, we just lay back on the bed and relaxed. I then suggested that we relax for a bit and have a cool drink. That met with approval and I put on my robe and went to get the wine cooler. They did the same and followed me to the kitchen. 

We chatted a short while in the kitchen, but soon got to petting each others asses and were on the verge of hugging and kissing when I suggested that we get back to the bedroom and resume our activities in the bedroom. When we returned to the bed, I chose that Annie should get the works next, and Sandy agreed. We both positioned ourselves to get our mouths on Annie's beautiful tits and went to licking and sucking until Annie was moaning and twisting. To help her along, we each got one hand to the area of her pussy and began to finger her clit and hole gently. 

As she became hotter, she began to hump and cry "Oh, Becky, my bag, please get my bag." 
