 The girls arrived at the library the next day and took the stairs up to the second floor, where Miss Worthington told them to change into their uniforms and see the girls in the dungeon. 

Katie slipped out of her top and skirt and put them in a locker she shared with Sarah. 

Sarah looked really hot in her apron, which was now appropriately sized so her breasts also were barely covered and the bottom of her apron came down to just below her lovely pussy, same as Katie's apron. They tied the uniforms in back and entered the door to the dungeon and found Marie and Sabrina naked except for strap-on dicks swinging from between their legs.

"Katie, Sarah, come over her and bend over in front of us, your ass facing our dicks," Marie said. The girls did as she ordered, and then were told to grab their ankles. Marie and Sabrina squirted lube into Sarah's and Katie's butts and then they inserted their seven inches of hard rubber into them an inch at a time.

The rhythm increased to a level where the girls were having trouble keeping their balance. Marie was ravishing Katie's butt. Katie's pussy was dripping wetness on the floor. Marie stuck a finger in her pussy and started fucking her to orgasm. Sarah had closed her eyes and was humming, a sure sign to Katie that she was enjoying herself. After she came, Sabrina told them to get up to the fifth floor and report to Miss Henderson for the day.

Katie was sore from what had just happened and had some trouble making up the three flights of stairs to the adult non-fiction section of the library, where she and Sarah had spent their first day. Miss Henderson was speaking to a young lady when she saw the slutty duo and motioned for them to wait at her desk until she was done.

Miss Henderson came over after a minute had passed and told them to continue restacking books as they had yesterday.

"And this time Katie, try to keep your tits covered up. I don't want to cause a scene up here," she said. 

The girls started putting books back on the shelf and after a while Miss Henderson came up to Katie and told her to report to the fourth floor, where mystery, western and science fiction books were kept. "Can Sarah come with me?"

Miss Henderson grabbed a wooden ruler and whipped it across Katie's ass,leaving a dark red mark across both cheeks. "Never ask questions when given an order." Katie nodded her head in approval with tears running down her face and left the floor, taking the steps downstairs. Katie was told to report to Miss Kennedy, a young lady who had a knack for getting girls to enjoy the types of books normally reserved for boys.

But before Katie could get there she noticed Rita and Lacy in the stairwell landing. Katie knew she had to see them whenever she got to the library, so she walked up to them and waited for their order.

"Katie, come over here, we need to pretty you up before you work the Sci-Fi floor," Rita said. Lacy grabbed Katie by the arm and pulled her into a nearby ladies bathroom which was on the landing. 

"You know you have to look the part in order to help people find what they want," Lacy said. She scrunched the apron top so it rested between Katie's boobs. "Hold still while I apply your work makeup," Rita said.

Rita used a blue marker to darken Katie's pale pink areolas blue. She then took a black marker to color her now erect nipples.

"Keep your apron from covering your boobs at all times today. Let everyone see how freaky and slutty you are. Don't let me catch you hiding your tits behind a book, as I may have to use a red marker over your entire ass," Rita said.

Lacy opened the door and pushed Katie out of the bathroom with enough force to cause her to crash into a wall. The marker on her tits was still a little wet due to Katie's perspiration and it left a mark of two blue circles with two tiny black circles for all to see. out of the ladies room. I Katie straighten up and walked up to Miss Kennedy for my assignment.

"Katie, what has gotten into you," she said. "Your tits look marvelous. Is it permanent?"

Shocked by what she was hearing, Katie almost didn't know what to say. "No Miss Kennedy. It is just magic marker." 

"You look great and will fit in here well. I want you to stand at the front of the floor and ask everyone if they need any help," she said. Miss Kennedy positioned Katie near the opening to the department floor.

The young lady whom Miss Henderson was speaking with came into the department. "May I help you find anything," Katie asked her. "Yes, I am looking for a book for my nephew. Maybe you can help me?"

Katie smiled politely and walked with the lady to the area of young adult science fiction, where a group of girls from my college were gathered discussing the recent Twilight book. Everyone seemed to be talking at the same time, but they all stopped when they saw me. There eyes opened wide as if they were seeing a vision.

Jeannie, the lady Katie was helping, saw what was happening and pulled her into an alcove. Pressing herself into Katie, she said, "I saw you the other day and had to come back for another view. I don't know what you have done with your boobs, but you make me want to taste them even more. Let's go into the room over here."

She opened up a door to a large storage room which had a table in the center. Jeannie told Katie to climb onto the table. Jeannie climbed on top of Katie, removed her apron and starting sucking on Katie's right breast while her left hand felt Katie's other breast.

Katie started to moan causing Jeannie to remove her own panties and shove them in Katie's mouth to keep her quiet. Then she used her hand to massage Katie's pussy.

Jeannie got up for a moment to remove her top and skirt, then got back on Katie and started grinding their pussies together. Jeannie took off her bra and started kissing Katie, their tits mashed against each other. The all over friction caused both to come hard, leaving both women a sweaty mess.

Jeannie got off of Katie, used the apron to clean herself up, then got dressed and told Katie she would find the book herself. Jeannie left the room and Katie got off the table, and used the sodden apron to clean herself before putting it on. After a few minutes she also left the room, and saw Jeannie wasn't looking for a book, but was heading out the exit to the street.

Out of nowhere Miss Kennedy approached Katie from behind and felt up her ass. She whispered in Katie's ear, "You look good enough to eat, Katie. But your time is up. Go see Linda on the second floor."

Katie walked down the two flights of stairs and saw Sarah starting to enter the locker room. Sarah had a mess of deep red ruler marks on her ass. Miss Worthington motioned for the girls to change, and commented to Katie that her tits looked awfully good that evening. 

On their out of the locker room, Katie realized her black and blue colored tits were still visible through her top. She walked with Sarah through the library and campus with everyone gawking at her colorful boob.

Having Katie's tits marked up in black and blue marker was among the most degrading things that ever happened to her. "I can't figure out why the bossy girls are such bitches," Katie thought to herself. Why would she make me walk around with my boobs uncovered and then mark them up to draw more attention?"

Katie also did not appreciate how their small group of friends at the sorority started calling her "Blue Tit" as a pet nickname, but thankfully it died down after another pledge at the sorority slipped in the dining room and showed her hairy pussy to half the house. 

"I guess calling that girl 'Beaver' was more fun to them than calling me 'Blue Tit.'"  Not much happened at work the rest of the week, as Miss Worthington was on vacation. Her replacement never heard of girls wearing aprons as uniforms, so Sarah and Katie got to keep their regular slutty clothes of tight tops and mini-mini skirts.

And, for some reason the bossy girls were not present. Katie feared that even if she was wearing clothes, Rita and Lacy would find a way to make her show her boobs.

Monday came around and Sarah and Katie went to the library after school, not knowing who would be there or what was in store for them. They saw Miss Worthington on the second floor, and she stood up as the girls approached her desk.

"My replacement told me you refused to wear your uniforms in my absence," she said. Katie started to speak but was told to keep quiet. "How dare you take advantage of my absence by creating your own rules? You know you have to pay for this. Just go get changed and see Marie and Sabrina."

Katie and Sarah walked with their heads down to the locker room, and slipped out of their clothes before reaching in their lockers for their aprons. Both seemed to have shrunk. Katie's apron no longer made an attempt to cover her tits, which rubbed against either edge of the top. And the bottom of the apron was higher, showing the lower third of her pussy. Sarah's apron also was smaller in the same way.

They entered the dungeon and saw Marie and Sabrina sitting on stools, each holding a large paddle in their laps.

"Katie, Sarah, get your sweet asses over here. You need to get spanked for disobeying Miss Worthington last week," Sabrina said.

Marie motioned for the girls to come toward them. They turned around and grabbed their ankles as instructed. Then Marie and Sabrina started paddling the girls on their asses.

Marie told us the girls to count out loud for each one, and by the time they reached 20 both of them were in tears. Their asses were red and the paddling caused their pussies to swell with excitement. Sabrina and Marie saw this and told Katie and Sarah to finger each other off. Katie grabbed at Sarah and massaged her to a big orgasm. At the same time Sarah was playing with Katie, tracing the outside of her labia and targeting her clit before she grabbed onto her in an earth shaking orgasm.

Sabrina told the girls to report to the third floor that day, the Women's literature floor floor. Sarah and Katie walked up one flight of stairs and were met by the bossy girls who this time also cornered Sarah.

"Miss Worthington told us you have been bad," Lacy said. "Bad girls need to get punished."

The girls took out their magic markers and began writing on the Lacy wrote "Lacy's Tits" on Sarah and Rita wrote "Rita's tits" on Katie's boobs. They made the girls turn around and wrote "Smack me here" on their asses. Throughout the rest of the afternoon both girls got their asses smacked by nearly everyone. 

Strange girls would touch their breasts and rub their nipples between their fingers, knowing there was nothing the girls could do. One girl kept rubbing Katie's tits until she came, something she seemed to enjoy herself as she brought herself off to orgasm right there in the aisle, their cum dripping down their legs.

Two girls from a class they shared came by and asked if the girls could give them a hand with something. The girls followed them to a corner of the floor.

"Katie, take off your apron and get on your back," Krissy said. "What?"

Krissy slapped Katie across the face. "If I have to tell you again I am going to tell Rita you disobeyed me."

Katie immediately unstrapped her tiny apron from behind and laid it on the floor. Janice, the other girl, told Sarah to do the same and she did without question. Both girls removed their panties from underneath their skirts and then sat on the girls faces, shouting orders to make them cum. 

Krissy tasted so divine, like she had stuck a lemon candy piece up her pussy. Katie licked and sucked on her pussy until she came, squirting her cum all over Katie's face. Krissy then moved down Katie's body, wiping her messy pussy on Katie's boobs, then rubbing her pussy against Katie's and ordering her to fuck her. Katie moved her hips around to grind their pussies together, bringing them both to another explosion.

Janice stayed on Sarah's face, ordering her to lick her out for three orgasms. She then slid down and dried off her pussy on Sarah's boobs, before she stuck her fingers into Sarah's pussy and starting going in and out until Sarah arched her back and came hard.

Miss Habernathy, the Women's Lit librarian, found all of them in the corner and ordered Krissy and Janice to go. "What are you two girls doing, using the library as your own sex den?" she said. "Grab your aprons and follow me."

Both Sarah and Katie were covered in cum and sweat. Their hair was matted down and both walked with their legs spread out a bit. Miss Habernathy had the girls come into her office, where she closed the door and proceeded to spank them over her lap with her hand until she would start playing with their pussies and make them cum again and again.

Told to put on their aprons and leave the office, the girls found a group of other girls who had gathered outside and watched what happened through an office window. They laughed as the girls walked through and went back to work. 

When it was seven o'clock Miss Habernathy told the girls to report to Miss Worthington, sent the girls home for the day. 

The next day the girls arrived for work, went into the changing room and discovered their uniforms had again shrunk in size. Now the aprons the girls wore had a tiny swatch of fabric in-between their tits, and the lower hem came down to their waist.

At times they wondered if their was any real job for them at the library, or if they were just continuing the slutty life Jackie had created for the.

As had become their routine, the girls approached Miss Worthington's desk and had to wait for her arrival. All the time the girls were using their hands to hide their boobs and pussies from their classmates who kept passing by. Miss Worthington indicated there would be an addition to the uniform. Both Katie and Sarah were excited. Their work aprons were getting extremely tiny and did not provide much cover.

The librarian opened her hands and showed the girls their new work attire: nipple clamps.

"This job is getting harder than I thought," Katie said to Sarah with a laugh. It was no laughing matter when the clamps were applied.

She placed a clamp on Katie's left nipple and twisted a screw to keep it in place. The same occurred with her right nipple and then a loose chain was hooked between them. Sarah had the same happen to her.

"Girls, you are to walk around the floor today and wait on patrons of the library. If they have a question, they have been instructed to yank on your chains to get your attention, like this." Miss Worthington tugged the girls' chains, causing their nipples to throb. 

"You will answer any question they have and help them in any way today, no go to your stations. Katie, you go to that corner over there, and Sarah, you go there." 

The first person to yank on Katie's nipple-chain was Ashley, a girl in her literature class. 

"Yes," she said, wincing in pain. "How may I be of your assistance today?"

"Katie, I want you to come with me. I have to ask you a question." Katie followed Ashley, who was pulling the chain between her nipples causing more pain. They stopped in a corner of the library. Ashley yanked hard on the chain, forcing Katie to my knees. Ashley flipped her skirt up which covered Katie's head, and pressed her pussy into Katie's face. 

Ashley got excited and kept pushing into Katie's face, rubbing her pussy on Katie's nose, chin and open mouth. Katie began darting her tongue in-and-out of Ashley's pussy which was getting fuller and swollen until she burst into an orgasm, squirting her cum all over Katie's face. Ashley wiped any cum on her pussy onto Katie's face, stood up, and then pulled on Katie's nipple chain causing her to stand up quickly.

"That was sooo good, Katie. I want to do this again sometime. You are a hot little slut," she said, as she slapped me on my ass and walked away. Katie's face was covered with girl cum. Her apron was too small to clean it up, and that pesky chain was starting to become irritating.

For the rest of the day women would yank on the chain, with many just wanting Katie to bend over to pick up a book while they ogled her ass and pussy from behind. Elsewhere in the library, Sarah was being tag-teamed by two neighborhood women who kept switching from sitting on her face to finger fucking her. By the time they were done Sarah could barley get up from exhaustion Covered in sweat and cum from head to toe, Sarah was already at the front desk when Katie arrived. Miss Worthington removed the nipple clamps and ordered the girls to gather their clothes and leave.

The girls walked into the library's courtyard and got dressed as quickly as possible. It was getting a little cold and they didn't want to draw a crowd. Just as the left the library grounds a car pulled up and its headlights blinked twice. The girls walked over to see what it was all about when one of the windows went down.

"I saw you girls as I was passing by. Can I offer you a life."

It was Rene, one of the women the girls had serviced a couple times as their sexual play toys. Tired and not wanting to walk home, the girls accepted, climbed into the car and were taken to a hotel room where Rene and a friend were staying. Katie and Sarah were fucked and forced to lick out the women all night and were dropped off at the sorority house early the next morning covered in cum and sweat, just a few hours before they had to attend their first class.