 Katie and Sarah were starting to become sore all over their bodies. They have been used as sexual toys by many women over the past few days. Women they had never met were fucking them for long periods of time until the force of their strap-on made them cum, only to be replaced by another woman with a cock strapped between her legs.

They had been forced to be the 'party favors' of women and their daughters. Each night they returned home a sweaty and tired mess.

The duo were considered the hotties of their high school, and both entered the same university and pledged the same sorority house. The house president, Jackie, is making them work in a special rush assignment list to prove they are worthy of being sorority members.

Jackie had ordered a pledge to stand outside of Katie's and Sarah's shared bedroom and blow an air horn for 15 seconds at exactly 7:02 a.m. The pledge was a scared little thing who blindly would do anything for any senior members of the house. She did as she was told and at the exact time blew the horn for 15 seconds and left.

Katie and Sarah were sleeping when the horn blew, and obviously they both jolted out of bed as if a truck had crashed through. The girls looked at each other and knew what the horn meant. It was Jackie's way of telling them they had a new rush assignment to complete. Katie felt something in her ass and knew it was the rush mission. She used her thumb and forefinger to reach inside and yank out the message.

Katie looked at the note and smiled. "Jackie wants us to represent the sorority house at a special alumni dinner! She said we can get dressed up and will take a limo ride there!" Sarah was also excited. It sounded like Jackie was giving them a break from being used sexually by former sorority house members and their daughters, or other girls at the university and their professors. Both girls still have to wear their name collars (Katie's says Pussy Whore and Sarah's says Cunt.)

The day was a blur for both girls who rushed back to their room after class. Jackie was laying out clothing for the girls each day. Mostly it was slutty, like the outfits they had to wear to school that day. Katie was given a pink mini-tank top which just covered the bottom of her boobs, and a tight pair of pink mesh shorts that looked as if they were poured on her. Sarah had the identical items on, too.

But for that evening, Jackie arranged for the girls to wear bras and panties, as well as tight dark jeans and pretty blouses which could be buttoned to the top of their neck. They also had jean jackets to wear and 3-inch stilleto heels which had straps from mid-ankle down to the toe.

The girls showered, got dressed and went outside to find the limo waiting for their arrival. They got in and rode around for a few minutes before a cell phone rang. Neither girls were allowed to have phones by Jackie's orders. So Katie looked around and saw a phone on the floor was lighting up. She answered the call. It was Jackie. Katie listened intently for 30 seconds before ending the call. 

With wide eyes, she looked at Sarah and said, "Jackie wants us to take our tops off. She wants us to remove our panties and bras and only wear the pants and jackets inside." Sarah also was stunned. The driver said they were to arrive at the address at any moment. So both girls quickly stripped off all their clothes, and and only replaced their nakedness with the jeans and the jean jacket. Thank goodness at least the jackets had buttons, Katie thought. 

The car stopped, the driver got out and opened their door. The girls left the limo and walked up to the front door of a large house. They were both hungry and only had a small light lunch. They wanted to see what was for dinner. Little did they know they were the desert. When the girls rang the doorbell, they were met by a woman who identified herself as Rachel. She was hosting the party and let them inside. The door closed as the girls looked around, and saw five other women sitting on cushy couches. There was no dinner, Katie thought. 

"It's kind of warm in here. Let me take your jackets," Rachel said. Both girls, now realizing what was in store for them, unfastened the five buttons on the jackets and handed them to Rachel, who suddenly had a grin on her face. The girls turned around and saw the other women were grinning and had lustful eyes.

"Glad to see you came prepared," said Tabitha, a blonde sitting closest to them. Tabitha invited the girls to see on the floor in front of the them. That's when Rachel explained what would happen. "Jackie told us you two girls were lesbian sluts. That you wore collars advertising your perversions. We want to explore them tonight."

Katie and Sarah looked scared as they were asked to stand up and take off their pants. The girls kept their heels on and slid the pants off, again creating a stir in the room as they were completely nude. Tabitha grabbed and Sarah and started kissing her boobs. She then threw Sarah on the floor, lifted up her skirt and sat on Sarah's face. Tabitha had a little hair above her labia, but not much. Katie could hear Sarah's slurping noises when she also was pulled into a woman. Rachel was tag-teaming with Connie, who had long, black hair. Both women were sucking on Katie's nipples, causing Katie to roll her eyes up and make light sighing sounds. 

This lasted for a few minutes before Katie was told to lay on the floor next to her friend. Rachel lifted up her skirt and sat on Katie's face, while Connie started eating Katie's pussy. Connie's tongue was dancing all over her pussy, which was already wet and open. Rachel came in Katie's mouth and forced her to lick her lips while she was still trying to stem her own orgasm.

"Do you want to cum Katie?" Connie said. "Yes! Yes!" Katie exclaimed. Connie went back to Katie's vagina, stroked the tip of her tongue inside and used her hands to manipulate Katies clitoris. Rachel was watching with excitement as Katie was struggling to hold on as sweat spread all over her body and her fingers and toes clenched. With Connies approval, Rachel told Katie she could cum when she counted down to 1. Katie's eyes opened wide. Her mouth was agap. And then the count started.

"100, 99, 98, 97, 96 ..." Katie couldn't believe she would have to wait until 100 numbers were counted. Rachel did the count slow, getting each number to last for two seconds. 

"36, 35, 34, 32."

Katie kept all her muscles tense, trying to stave-off what would be her biggest orgasm ever. 

When Rachel's count neared 10, Katie knew her release was soon. "5, 4, 3, 2," Rachel said.

"Where's the one," Katie thought. "Please say 1. Oh please." Katie was begging with her eyes while Rachel just looked at her with grin. 

"ONE! Cum you bitch," Rachel said. AT that moment, Katie let out a yelp and started cuming. Her orgasm caused her to arch her back up and rock her head back-and-forth. Connie was licking up Katie's yummy cum, using her tongue to scoop up everything inside Katie's pussy. After what seemed like several minutes, Connie crawled up on Katie and gave her an open mouth kiss, letting Katie get a taste of her own cum.

Sarah also came hard after being fucked continuously by two women who took turns sitting on Sarah's face and fucking her pussy. When they were done, Rachel asked Katie if she wanted to clean Sarah's pussy. Katie lept at the chance. She loved tasting Sarah's pussy. She said it was sweet like sugar and at the time Sarah's pussy was drizzled with thick cum like honey. Katie used her tongue and lips to clean up her best friend. When they were done, Connie gave the girls their clothes, thanked them for coming, and told them to get dressed outside while the party continued without them. 

Sad at having to leave such a fun party, but happy to get some fresh air, the girls took their pants and jackets and went outside. Not trying to cause a stir by any neighbors, the girls put on their pants and their jacket, covering their bodies until they could find a way home. The limo had not returned, so they started walking back to the house, and walked for a few miles. 

When they arrived, Jackie met them at the door. "Both of you bitches had better get to bed. You're going to need your rest for tomorrow," she said.

Not knowing what was in store for them, but too tired to think of it much, the girls leaned on each other to the showers, and then fell face first into bed, with their asses pointed up, just where Jackie wanted them. It made it easy to insert the girl's next rush mission into their butts without having to turn them over.