 Several months had passed since Katie and Sarah were Pony properties of Jackie and Tina, their sorority sisters who sold them to Katie's former high school principal and her lover.

Joan, the school's award winning principal, was keeping Katie and Sarah hidden away in her mansion, only bringing them out to savagely rape them at her whim. It got to the point that Katie was not able to hold in the biggest pony butt plug Joan could find as Joan was always thrusting her largest strap-on cock into Katie for hours on end.

Sarah was getting her own treatment from Joan's lover plaything, who forced Sarah to walk like a pony for several hours until Sarah's hands and knees were raw and bloody.

One day the a phone rang at the sorority house. It was a call Jackie never thought she would get.

"Hello, this is Jackie."

"Cut the crap, you can have your cunts back."

"What?"

"We can't use your cunts anymore. Katie and her bitch friend are used goods. Do you want their asses or should I just drop them off in an alley and let them really be ravished?"

"No. We will take them back."

"Be at my house at 8 p.m. Tonight. Come to the back door and bring your pony van. These girls are not going to be seen in my neighborhood ever."

The phone clicked off, and Jackie's devious mind was at work. The girls were members of the sorority, but they had missed all the work the other girls did to get accepted. "Hmm,' Jackie thought to herself. "Maybe we can make a special sort of 'hazing.'"

Back at the mansion, Katie was trying to fall asleep. Joan had just used her for what would be the last time, and Katie was very sore. Joan took her four-inch wide cock and jammed it into Katie's ass, spreading her cheeks wide open. At the same time she ordered Sarah to affix her mouth to Katie's pussy and to use her lips and tongue to keep arousing Katie until she was ordered to stop.

Katie was a sweaty mess when Joan ordered Katie and Sarah back to their room. Both slept on piles of hay.

A light came on and Katie suddenly awoke.

"Wha-what?" she said. A blindfold was placed over her eyes, and soon a rope was tied around her waist. Katie felt Sarah right behind her.

"You two sluts are going for a ride. Keep quiet. The first one who talks gets to take another ride. I just got a five-inch wide cock that will rip your asses open."

Katie and Sarah both understood and kept walking. Once they were outside, Katie thought she heard a familiar voice, but kept quiet.

"Here they are. Take them off my property. Call next time you need to work in some of your other sorority sisters," Joan said with a chuckle.

"Yes, thank you," the familiar voice said. 

"It was Jackie," Katie thought to herself. "Jackie had come to save us."

Katie and Sarah were led into a cage, and once the door closed and the van door closed, they were off.

After a ride of about 30 minutes, the girls were back at the sorority house. They were led outside and their blindfolds were removed. Jackie and Tina were in front of them. 

"Your last owner said you were used up. We don't think she was right. You two are going to rush this house like all the other girls did while you were gone. Tina will lead you to your room. Be ready to start your rush tomorrow morning," Jackie said.

Katie and Sarah were led into a tiny room at the end of a long hallway. There was one bed, and both girls fell asleep before they hit the mattress.

The next morning, Katie awoke and felt something around her neck. She also felt something in her ass, but forgot about that when she saw Sarah. There was a large collar around her neck. It must have been three-inches wide, and was a bright green color with CUNT written in rhinestones. 

"Sarah wake up," Katie said, shaking her friend's shoulder.

"What is it. Is it morning already?"

"Sarah, there's a collar around your neck, and, I don't know how to say it, but it says cunt on it."

Sarah's eyes opened wide as she felt the object around her neck. 

"Omigosh Katie, you have a collar, too." "I know, what does it say," Katie said.

"Well, it's bright pink with large rhinestone lettering."

:What does it say, Sarah."

"Pussy Whore." 

"What?" Katie said. "Let's see if we can take these off before we have to go to class."

The collars had no seams and could not be torn. The collars were also so large they forced both girls to keep their chins up and heads held high.

Sarah looked around the room and saw a note. She opened it and read it aloud.

"By now you two must know that your house names are Cunt and Pussy Whore. You will wear the collar nameplates as long as you are rushing this house. Before you head out of the room, Cunt should reach into Pussy Whore's ass and take out what will be your first mission. Ta ta. Jackie."

Sarah told Katie to bend over the bed, and she reached her fingers into Katie's butt, and pulled out a small plastic bag. Inside was a note which read: "Find a girl in your first period class to suck off in the hallway. And follow everything they and anyone who sees you says."

Both girls looked around for something to wear. There were only two tight shirts, two mini skits and two pairs of flip-flops. Each girl chose an outfit and took off.

The girls had an 8 o'clock class at the same building. Katie was taking an English Lit course while Sarah was going to an advertising course. During their classes both girls scouted out the "talent" and found their marks. When the class ended, both girls started their mission.

Katie spotted a girl she had known from high school and hadn't seen for awhile. Nora was shy and wore her dark hair long over her face. Katie tapped her on the shoulder as they left the classroom.

"Nora, is that you?" "Katie, I thought you forgot about me."

"No, what made you say that," Katie said. "Well, I was staring at you during the entire class."

Katie didn't know that Nora liked her, but this revelation was all she needed to make her next step.

"Well, I am sorry and I would like to do something about it," as she led Nora out into the hallway. Without saying a word, Katie lightly kissed Nora on her lips, and gently used her hands to caress Nora's hair. Katie used her tongue to open Nora's lips. She explored Nora's mouth while Nora sighed in delight. Katie got down on her knees and kept kissing Nora's body. 

"Let me just push these panties aside and," Katie said, just before she placed her mouth over Nora's wet pussy. Katie used her tongue and lips to maneuver Nora about, causing her to elicit more moans that were sure to be heard by other students and instructors. 

Katie kept working Nora's pussy into a wet swollen mess, and Nora rewarded her with an orgasm. Nora held onto Katie's head to keep from falling down.

Elsewhere, Sarah was having her own fun. Sarah didn't exactly choose the girl she would make cum. Pam, a school cheerleader, chose Sarah.

"Hey, I like your collar. Is that your pet name," Pam said in a giggle to Sarah as they walked out of their class.

"Um, yeah, it sorta is," Sarah said. 

"Well, let's if you really are a cunt." Pam grabbed Sarah's right arm and dragged her into an alcove. She forcibly kissed Sarah hard and then pushed her head down, ordering Sarah to, as she said, "get me off bitch."

Sarah noticed Pam wasn't wearing any panties under her pleated cheerleader skirt. Pam pushed Sarah's head into her pussy, and kept it there while Sarah used her soft lips to open Pam's pussy and her tongue to dart in-and-out. Wither her other hand, Pam texted her friend, April, to meet her "n r spcl plc."

Pam was rocking into Sarah's face when she had a massive orgasm, squirting some of her cum into Sarah's open mouth. After grinding her pussy all over Sarah's face, Pam yanked Sarah's head back and said, "Now do my friend." April also was a cheerleader. April grabbed Sarah's head and forced it into her pussy, which was already wet from April watching Sarah eat Pam. Sarah was doing her best to give April an orgasm quick.

At the same time Katie was finishing Nora and stepped up to give her a kiss. Just then an instructor poked her head out of her classroom and said, "Just what the fuck is going on here?"

Katie was both frightened and aroused, thinking that this was part of her assignment. Katie looked directly at the instructor, Mariel, of Norway, who told Nora to leave the hallway and for Katie to come to her. 

Katie was led into the classroom and was told to lie on the floor. Katie removed her clothes before she got down on the floor

"Why did you take off your clothes? Just what do you think you are doing in the hallway, acting like a slut," Mariel said. "Are you a slut, Katie?"

"Ya, I am," Katie said boldly.

"Well, if you are such a Pussy Whore slut, do me," Mariel said. Mariel had already removed her panties and squatted over Katie's face before sitting down. Katie used her slut experience to get Mariel off fairly quickly. Mariel's clit was easy to find and Katie lightly bit into it, causing Mariel to roll back and forth before finally cuming.

Getting off of Katie's face, Mariel told her to stay put while she went to the ladies room to pee.

"You can pee in my mouth," Katie said. "What?" a startled Mariel said.

"You can piss in my mouth. I like it." 

Mariel stood over Katie, squatted over her mouth and let her piss flow into Katie's open mouth. Katie tilted her head back to the pee ran straight down her throat. Mariel continued peeing for about 20 seconds before stopping. She stood up, and Katie got up on her elbows and used the back of her hand to wipe her mouth.

Mariel told Katie to get dressed and get out of her classroom. She slipped a note into Katie's little purse, listing a time, date and location where Katie was to meet her for a follow-up encounter.

When Katie left the class she met up with Sarah who was just walking away from the two cheerleaders who rubbed their wet pussies all over her face before letting her go.

"Katie, you smell like piss," Sarah said. "Well, you smell like cum," Katie said back.

Both girls giggled as they went along with the rest of their day. They would return to the sorority house later, and were sure to get another rush assignment.