 "I'm a foot fetishist, and proud of it. However, I am also a lesbian and proud of it. That's why, for this story, I'm making this chapter mainly about Madi and Veronica's relationship rather than Madi's foot fetish. I want people to realize that being a lesbian is a beautiful thing, as well as truly erotic. Don't worry, I am including some foot worship at the end as well, and this will probably be a one time thing. Please comment, rate and feel free to get in touch with me. Nothing makes me write more than hearing from my readers. Thanks!"

"Hi, my name is Madison, or Madi for short. I'm about 5 foot and 3 inches, brunette, cute, and like to have a good time. I'm not exactly like other girls, because I'm bi and have a foot fetish. Yes, a girl can have a foot fetish too. I love feet, and I'm always looking for chance at another girl's beautiful feet."

My stupid alarm went off with a loud buzz, announcing the arrival of a new day, and to get the hell out of bed. I woke up slowly, groggy from only a few hours of shut eye. Sleeping had been hard this week, but I noticed it was already 11 a.m., and I never sleep that late. 

I got out of my bed and carefully climbed down the ladder on Veronica and I's bunk. Disappointed to see once again that she wasn't in her lower bed, I walked over to the sink to wash my face. The first cold rush of water felt unpleasant, but my cares were elsewhere. I looked in the mirror, seeing a very sad looking Madi looking right back at me.

It had been a week since I had met Mark and bribed him into buying thirty magazines, in exchange for letting him have his way with my feet. At the time, I wasn't thinking about the consequences of my actions, just only about having fun and selling all those magazines. I had made a huge ton of money compared to everyone else, but when I arrived back to my shared dorm room with Veronica, I realized I couldn't keep this from her. 

--------------------------------------------------------------

When I had got back, she was sleeping peacefully, as I hadn't returned that night until at least 10, and she likes to get her beauty sleep. Watching her sleep made me feel warm inside, and I had decided to wait til the next day. 

It wasn't til later that next day that I finally got a chance to tell her. We had gone to the student dining center to eat, and Veronica was enjoying the quality time with me. She would tease me a little by slipping her foot out of her sneaker and then stroking it down my leg. This was somewhat daring for her, doing this in public. We were in a relationship, but we kept it to ourselves. It was just less drama that way, not to mention kinda hot being all secretive.

After our dinner, we went back to our room. I knew it was now or never. It just felt terrible, especially since Veronica was in such a lovely mood right now. However, this was the right thing to do.

"Veronica, I have something I need to tell you," I said. 

Those baby-blue eyes looked me over and realizing that something was amiss, they gave me their full attention. I recounted to her all the stuff that went on the previous night while at Mark's place. By the time I was finished, those once happy eyes were filled with tears and she just stared at me, not sure what to do.

I tried to reach out comfort her. "Baby, I'm so sorry, I know what I did was wrong but-"

Before I could finish, Veronica got up and ran out of the room. A part of me wanted to go chase her down, but I knew that would make things worse. I stayed in the room, waiting for her to get back. I waited to til midnight, then went to bed. At some point in the night, Veronica came back, stripped down, and went to bed. Though I was only half-awake, I could hear her still crying...

--------------------------------------------------------------

Snapping back to my reflection in the mirror, I realized I was already starting to tear up. Since that night, Veronica would not talk to me, let alone look at me. We had only been living together for about a week and a half before this mess, and I had already screwed it up. Things had been going well before. We hung out practically all the time outside of class, ate meals with our awesome floormates, Veronica had vastly improved her English, and we had slept in the same bed together every night until that Sunday. 

I started brushing my hair and my thoughts wandered off to how this relationship was so different than I had imagined. Another reason we both wanted to keep our relationship a secret was because we weren't sure how our families would react. The only member of my family who knew we were dating was my amazing older sister, Kayla. She was totally ok with it, and was pleased to see me happy with someone. The ironic thing was that Kayla and I even had a bit of foot fun with each other as well, and I had told Veronica about it. She hadn't been angry or sad at all. In fact, Veronica admitted that she used to practice french kissing with her cousins Elize and Benoit. 

"I can not judge," she had said in her sweet German accent. "We vould do this until ve vere about...oh...fifteen?"

So she looked over that little fiasco without a problem. This only made Veronica want to meet Kayla more. I cracked a small smile, as I was brushing my teeth. I remembered exactly what happened when those two finally meet, when my family helped me move into my dorm....

--------------------------------------------------------------

My parents were delighted to meet Veronica, believing that we were just friends. My own brother even tried flirting with her a little bit, and every ounce of me wanted to give him a good kick in the crotch. 

Kayla was being very polite and was loving the chance to talk to Veronica. Both were fashionistas, and my sister's biggest dream was to travel to Germany and France for fashion school, two countries that Veronica was raised in. Of course, I'm guessing another reason why Kayla wanted to go there was to have sex with as many cute French guys as she could get her hands on. 

Speaking about being a fashionista, Kayla was wearing a very interesting outfit; ripped jean shorts, a tight Bon Jovi tee, a pair of Doc Martens, and a cute Gucci purse. What was even more interesting was her cute new hair. She had it chopped down to about my length (shoulder), tied back in red bow, and with huge bangs at the front, with sunglasses snuggled in her beautiful locks. Finally, she was wearing dark red lipstick, a favorite of hers. I couldn't be sure, but I think Veronica might have been checking her out a little bit. Competition from my own sister, not something I needed at that moment.

After we got all settled in, my family departed. As my parents and brother were leaving, Kayla stayed behind for a minute.

"I'll be right out, just go ahead," she told them. When they left, Kayla walked over to Veronica and got extremely close to my lover. "Veronica, I loved getting to meet you. I hope we get to be sisters one day." 

Just as Veronica was about to wish Kayla a safe trip home, my sister pulled my girlfriend in, gave her a kiss on the left cheek, then the right, and then gave her the most seductive, passionate kiss on the lips I had ever seen. Their lips remained locked for a good five seconds before Kayla released a flabbergasted Veronica. 

Even more surprised than Veronica was me. My sister had just kissed my girlfriend! My face was burning bright red with both jealousy and anger. The question remains who I was more jealous of though.

Kayla then closed in on me. Like Veronica, I couldn't begin to fathom what was going on, as my beautiful sister pushed me against the wall, pressed her goddess-like figure against mine, eyes now closed, and proceeded to kiss me straight on the lips. As I felt her soft, thin lips against my pillowy puckers, she felt my breasts up and straddled me. She then brought her long, sensual tongue out, prompting me to do the same. Our tongues danced inside each other's mouths, producing long smacking sounds as we engaged in the hottest sisterly taboo shit you could ask for. Our moment of pure sexual bliss ended after about a minute, and Kayla let me go. 

With a smile on her face, she whispered in my ear, "I love you Madison, and I want you to have an awesome year little sister." She then walked out, blowing Veronica one last kiss at her, which my girlfriend pretended to grab out of the air and held it to her heart. As quick as the moment began, it ended even quicker as Kayla closed the door behind her. 

Veronica and I were now alone, trying to understand what had just happened. I broke the silence first. "So, what do you think of her?" 

It took Veronica a few seconds to think up an answer. With an arousing smile, she simply answered "I think I vant you naked, right now."

And with that, we rushed into each others arms and started making out like a mad couple. Both our tongues explored each others mouths, and we felt each other up, anywhere we could grab. Veronica, like me, was in heat from Kayla's delicious kissing, and soon I found myself being pushed onto Veronica's bed. 

My German beauty then ripped off her shirt and bra, kicked off her shoes and then jumped on top of me, with us both giggling like little school girls. Very horny little school girls, I might add. We resumed our delightful kissing, making the world melt away as we made ourselves one on that bed. A damp spot was forming between my legs, and I prepared to pull off my pants. Then, a knock at the door.

"Residence Advisor!" a cheery voice exclaimed outside our door. We both froze, praying that we hadn't already been caught. It turned out to be a routine check. A very long routine check. By the time it was over, we lost our spark, though we both managed a giggle as our RA left, not knowing what she had just missed.....

--------------------------------------------------------------

I finally got fully dressed, realizing it had taken me an hour to do so. All this reminiscing was making me slower. No longer was I crying, but rather I was starting to appreciate what I had already. What I had done had been wrong, but it took me until now to fully understand why Veronica had been so sad about. It was only on occasion that we did anything romantic, and all of a sudden had been just had a guy cum all over my feet. Veronica must have felt as if she wasn't good enough and had been replaced already.

With that in mind, I decided to seek her out and do something I'm terrible at; apologizing and meaning it. I couldn't afford to lose someone so amazing just like that. As quickly as I could, I grabbed my purse and phone, and left my dorm. I knew that Veronica wasn't here, as I had looked before on our floor and other places in the dorm. There was only one other place she would feel comfortable going to.

I found Veronica on the central campus lawn, reading a book near the water fountain. It reminded her of home, she told me. Her favorite pastime was reading, and she always wanted to do so in new, unique places. Slowly, I walked up to her, not wanting to give away my presence until I was right in front of her. She's a heavy reader, and even a siren or tornado wouldn't move her attention away from a good book. Finally, I was close enough.

"May I sit with you?" I asked in as lovely of a tone as I could muster up. Veronica looked up at, saw me, and then gave me a surprised look. She dismissed it immediately, and replaced it with a sour looking complexion, like I was some annoying pest.

"Yes," was all she said. I sat down next to her, and she resumed reading. I then give myself a second to think about what to say. I looked at Veronica, revelling in her stunning beauty. She was wearing her favorite high-low white skirt, a teal top, and had her hair out in all its blonde glory. On her feet were some simple white flip flops, with her toes colored teal to match her outfit. I thought she looked stunning, and that only reminded me why I cared about her.

"Veronica," I slowly started. "I've been thinking a lot these last few days."

"About vhat? Yourself?" she said bluntly, not even bothering to look up from her book.

Though the comment hurt, I continued on. "About you, and how I need to stop thinking about myself and think about what you're thinking."

She put the book down and looked at me. "Really? I doubt zat very much."

"Then why don't you tell me what you're thinking then?" I said. "Please, just let it out."

Already, Veronica was starting to tear up a little. I waited patiently for her answer. A moment seemed to last forever right there, but she worked up the resolve to finally say what she had to. 

"Vhen ve first met, I thought you were being honest," she began. "I thought you vould be a friend, and you ended up being a lover. Vhy vould you ask me to love you vhen you do this to me? I'm away from home, you made this feel like home. Vhy?"

I felt myself now starting to tear up. This was going to be difficult, but I knew I had to say this. 

"Because I'm an idiot, a slut, a whore," I said. "I always think about my own needs and desires, and I forgot about your too...."

We continued talking for nearly two hours. To wrap this whole thing up in a few sentences, here's what happened. Veronica wasn't too comfortable at first, but as I kept going she began to lower her guard. I basically admit I was being a slut, and I had made a mistake. She kept pushing me about how we could continue this way, and I felt like my answer was really good; we needed to remind each other each day why we love each other. That answer caught her off guard, and then things got better. Things moved on to school, clothes, weather, the stuff we talked about normally.

When we finished there, I got up and offered her a hand. For the first time in almost a week, she smiled at me. Things weren't going to be normal for us, but maybe it would work after all. We walked back to our place, hand in hand in public for the first time. Yes, we did get a few looks, but no one we knew walked by us. We felt free, laughing at each other's jokes and finally acting like a real couple. 

The first thing we did when we got back was eat. Neither of us had ate a thing that day, so we munched on some snacks we kept in our room. As we ate, I found myself wondering something. 

"Veronica, do you think we would be together if we met in any other way?" I asked her.

She gave me a puzzled look. "Vhy vould you wonder that? Let's enjoy vhat ve are now ok then?

I found myself smiling at her answer. She smiled back, then leaned in to kiss me. I could describe how uplifting it was to finally be kissed by the person I loved again after a week, but words just can't describe it. 

We spent the rest of the day with our floormates, playing games, laughing together and decided to go to a local Chinese place for dinner. Our friends noticed our separation this week, but had believed it to be nothing more than a roomie fight. Veronica, it seemed, wanted to put that rumor to rest, and to finally share our secret to everyone.

"Ve are dating," she told them simply. A few gasps escaped their mouths, unsure of what to say at first. Michelle, our neighbour, was the first to say anything. "Congrats," was all she said, but her approving smile told us she meant it. The others followed suit, and we found ourselves engaged in long conversations, truly beginning to bond now that our little secret was out. Keeping that to ourselves was the only thing that separated Veronica and I from our dear friends, and I saw that at this very moment. 

--------------------------------------------------------------

Our long night with friends came to a close at 11 p.m. It was lights out for students, and everyone went back to their rooms to sleep. Veronica went to the door to shut and lock it. My eyes found themselves glued to her sweet little ass. She caught me staring and giggled. "You like vhat you see?"

"More than ever after today," I told her honestly. I walked up to her, putting my arms around her slim waist. She was all smiles now, until she brought her lips to mine as we kissed. It wasn't one of those rough, tongue-filled smooches, but a sweet, loving kiss that we hadn't shared since before I confessed to Veronica. I wasn't thinking of anything else at that moment except my German beauty. Kissing her was my favorite; how soft her lips were, their touch, and they even something of a taste to them. As we broke off our kiss, we looked each other in the eye, finally recognizing each other for possibly the first time. After all the crazy shit that's happened this past week, I was caught off guard by what she said next. 

"I've missed your feet Madison, now get on that bed and let me have zem," she whispered to me. She was still asking for my feet, and I couldn't help but laugh a bit. I got on the lower bed, propped my feet up, and awaited my first worship in a week. My nails weren't in the best of shape, and I had them unpainted at the moment. Veronica didn't care though, and got on the edge of the bed, took my right foot, brought her amazing tongue out and started licking at my arches. The familiar tingle returned to me, prompting me to sit back and relax. I then stopped myself, realizing it wouldn't be right for her to pleasure me exclusively tonight. I beckoned her to give me her sweet soles as well. She smiled and gladly moved her own legs to me. 

We found ourselves in a 69 position, each licking at the other's soles. I had missed her feet almost as much as Veronica herself. Her deep wrinkles, the smooth skin on my wet tongue, the cute little moans and sighs that came from Veronica, and the warm feelings my body developed all over. Her soles tasted slightly sweaty and possibly a bit dirty, but that was no different from my own feet right then. My tongue glided across each sole as I had them each in one hand. Veronica was doing her normal thing, going for my of my soles scrunched together and licking them delicately, as if they were chocolate bars. 

Of course, you can't lick chocolate forever, so she soon moved on to my toes. She sucked each toe like how a baby sucks on its pacifier. I mimicked her move and started on her teal-color toes. Both of us agreed this was our favorite part. For her, she found it fun that she could fit so many of my tiny toes in her mouth. For me, I love how she couldn't help but wiggle her toes inside my mouth, no matter how many times we've done it. I felt her giggling, with the vibrations tickling my own toes. It was pure bliss to me, and the long period since last time only made our toe-sucking more special to me. 

Once the flavor was gone, I put her feet down and removed my top. Veronica was apparently thinking the same thing, as she also removed her top and bra. I crawled on the bed to her. She welcomed me with open arms, and I got on top of her and proceeded to kiss her once again. This time our tongues danced, and we were in the full swing. Yep, it was makeup sex time. 

The longer we kissed, the more intense our lovemaking became. I felt Veronica's passion and lust, driven by her missing me and she obviously had been waiting all night for this moment. My thoughts were exact, and I felt like I was literally melting as we attacked each other's mouth. Things continued to get hotter beyond anything we had done before. Veronica broke the kiss and started sucking on my overly sensitive nipples. I tried my best to suppress my squeaks (yes, I squeak when someone touches my nipples), but I found it in vain. She was alternating between sucking and biting on them, and all I could do was hold on for dear life. 

I felt it was my turn and I went straight for her larger breasts. I loved her boobs, as they were amazingly firm and she had the cutest nipples ever. Though she was not as sensitive as I was, she let several long moans escape. I felt our legs rubbing against each other. Our bodies were doing everything and anything to could to be touching each other. My tongue explored Veronica's hard nipples with abandon, prompting more and more moans for her. "What a beautiful sound," I thought to myself 
