 Taraniyah and Sonja / The Affinity Syndrome 

(c) Sappholust2014

Taraniyah was the new surgical resident on the floor. The mid western hospital was completely overwhelmed with patients being shipped from Seattle after the devastation of the major west coast earthquakes. Bodies were piling up in the morgues all over town, scientists couldn't get a handle on predicting when the shaking would stop. Millions of people from Vancouver to Los Angeles were dead and not enough hospitals were working on the coast to handle the overflow. On top of that devastation, heavy rains had flooded the Mississippi river plains in the Southwest and a series of killer hurricanes were approaching the Eastern seaboard. Absolutely no one in America was unaffected by this turmoil and scientists and government hacks were completely in agreement that global warming was causing the floods and storms. The earthquakes of course, were just part of living on an active planet which was finally getting even, it seemed, for being dumped on too long.

At 29 this woman who said she grew up in Palestine and was trained in South Africa, Germany and Switzerland, was nothing anyone had seen before. Her sculpted face was too perfect for starters. Her legs went on for days and her hips were extremely voluptuous. This woman was going to attract all sorts of other doctors, and professionals around her when she worked. Besides all the physical manifestations of Taraniyah, she was not from this planet at all. Taraniyah was part of rescue mission for earth sent by a friendly, non invading place called Prime690. The number was just that, a designation. Just like earth was given its name historically by scientists thousands of years ago, Prime690 came about due to seeding by

other comets and asteroids hundreds of thousands of years ago.

Prime690 was an older planet than earth and had evolved in different ways. For one, men of this planet had become completely subservient to all the women and the rulers, all women had observed earth and its up coming demise for decades. The experienced planet had made its move to try to save earth from itself, using a dedicated influx of highly skilled healers of all kinds. The controlling parties on Prime690 had no plans for an invasion of any kind. Spacecraft were not used to transport around the universe by the enlightened beings. Accessing the time/space continuum and worm holes was the only way to move people and it was still very dangerous, and not much materiel could be transported safely. 

Many of these aliens were men and women who shared with Taraniyah, one common trait; They were all bisexual and enjoyed sex until they were exhausted and had pleased their partner multiple times. Sexual relations and multiple climaxes were common in the course of an average day, and no sexual phobias or diseases ever caused problems on their planet. As healers, the aliens could also heal deep psychological and neurological diseases and dysfunctions. Taraniyah was just one of thousands who had mysteriously appeared out of nowhere in a period of a few weeks, just when they were desperately in demand. No one questioned where they were from, when they observed the attitude, professionalism and inherent love of humanity these people had, they were immediately accepted and respected. They were all given good cover stories and credentials in their fields which included: environmental sciences, emergency management, medicine and agriculture. The overall plan was just humanitarian, and if an alien wanted to bring someone back it was allowed but the issues of quarantine and cultural shock were something to be dealt with in a serious manner.

In the operating room, Dr Taraniyah Respelchi used techniques to heal people which no other surgeon knew about yet. As a thoracic surgeon, she could stop bleeding using healing techniques honed by generations of her family on Prime690. Her speed in cauterizing and removing bad tissue and her inherent knowledge of the human anatomy, which was the same as hers, was unique. Taraniyah was not a super woman however. She got tired and distressed and cried quite a bit on her time off in the lounge and over dinner with other doctors. The demolition of the planet was becoming all to obvious to her, and she wondered, mostly to herself, if it would be possible to save earth at all. 

Her girlfriend Sonja was from Turkey and had just completed her surgical residence at the hospital when the disasters began. Sonja befriended Tara as she called her and the two women became close friends. Sonja had her doubts about Tara. She thought she was a great doctor but when she worked in the Syria field hospitals, she knew how fast PTSD could set in and ruin good doctors's lives. Sonja was considered a very talented surgeon by her superiors and was also a knockout of woman physically. Her dark straight hair, almost always kept up for work was long and flowed over her firm well toned shoulders. Sonja enjoyed working out in the local gym before her shift to keep her body in form and her mind sharp. She swam for about an hour each day and she enjoyed spin biking as well, so her musculature was in top shape. Sonja caught everyone's attention with her abundant breasts and narrow waist.

The surgeons had a rest area room set with bunk beds and a small kitchenette set up on one of least busy floors of the hospital. Only the resident surgeons had the key code for the lock and it was kept off bounds to everyone else even the administration. Sonja opened the door to the rest area room to find her friend Tara weeping on the bed. Tara confided in her about her overwhelming fear that the disasters were increasing, the wounded people coming in increasing numbers and were in worse shape than just a few days ago and her sense was that time was running out.

"Sonja can I trust you with a very important secret?" Tara asked her friend.

"Yes of course, you know me, you can trust me, what's going on?" Sonja was very worried about Tara. She placed her hand on her back and gave her a light rub, feeling her back muscles so tight and rigid.

"Sonja, I know something about this planet, and you would think I'm totally mad but I have to tell someone so I can rest already!"

Sonja wanted to sit next to her and took off her white jacket but just as she was removing it, the sharp side of tool she sometimes left in her deep pocket slipped out and cut her just above the wrist. It was a very minor cut but Tara saw the blood start to form and took it as a sign.

"Sonja, you see you just cut yourself?"

"Its nothing,"

"Yes, I know, but let me show you something," Tara said, holding her arm gently.

Some blood was coming out of the slight wound, on her wrist but not much.

A small bead of blood began to roll down towards her hand as Tara told Sonja to sit next to her and give Tara the wounded arm. Sonja sat next to her and let Tara touch her.

Tara placed two fingers over the one inch wound and looked into Sonja's eyes. Tara's hand warmed quickly to Sonja's touch, it almost burned and when Tara took her fingers away, just a few seconds later, there was no indication of any wound at all.

"Wow!, Oh my God, you are amazing!"

"Sonja, I have to tell you something very important, listen to me," Tara was very serious.

Tara told her everything right there. The young doctor from Turkey was spellbound afterwards but something else happened. When Tara healed her, she felt a very strong affinity for the older doctor. She wanted to hold her and kiss her, for the rest of the evening, but they both had to sleep and be awake in just 6 hours for multiple surgeries.

Tara knew about the "affinity syndrome" as she called it. She reached over and kissed Sonja on her lips, their tongues engaged instantaneously. In twenty seconds they were both undressing each other. Clothes came off quickly, smells didn't matter they knew they were supposed to get some rest and somehow they would. But first Tara wanted to make love to Sonja so bad, her clit was sticking out a good 10 millimeters beyond its usual position. Tara's pouting breasts and dark brown nipples were too much for Sonja to just see, she had to suck them and feel them in he mouth, naked and in each other's arms.

"Sonja oh, yes, suck my tits, I love what you're doing," Tara caressed her face and they kissed again and again, more passionately each time. Sonja felt her warmth down below growing for this woman, she was bi and had many women lovers over the course of her 35 years, but none as gorgeous as Tara.

The bed was way too small for them but they made due, Sonja held onto the post while Tara went down on her pussymound, parting her thighs so slowly and carefully taking her womanhood in her mouth. It was true heaven! Sonja arched her back and humped her wetness into Tara's mouth as the woman moved her tongue with exacting precision and unbelievable speed. Tara grabbed Sonja's ass and pulled it toward her, sliding her mouth up and down. Then she inserted two fingers into the Sonja's tight, wet cavern and gave a great finger fuck while her tongue lapped at her engorged clitoris.

"Unnnghh, oh yes Tara, yes YES! It feels SO Fuckin' GOOD'!" Sonja cried in pure lust.

This person who had told her she was not of this earth, seemed so right for her, she couldn't care if she devoured her afterwards! Sonja's hips were flowing in the same direction as Tara's intense energy, as she gobbled and sucked her swollen love knob into a frothy orgasmic release. Sonja's body got so warm, she was sweating profusely as she felt wave upon wave of love for Tara wash over her. She cried and laughed, tried to caress and reached out to hold this woman who had brought her to a height she'd never felt or even fantasized about before!

After her intense series of orgasms, they kissed again and again, holding one another so close. Tara licked her sweat, took in her smells and knew she was falling in love for her first time.

Tara got up and made sure the internal lock on the door was closed and took something out of her bag. IT appeared as a white veil but much longer and wider.

She extended it to a pipe on the ceiling with one throw of her hand. The material was soft and transparent, yet not of this world.

"Come inside this enclosure with me now, Sonja and I want to love you in ways you haven't experienced before!"

The transparent cocoon allowed for total movement and had its own ventilation system also. The two women kept on caressing, kissing and sucking on each others' breasts and nipples. Tara took a phallus from her bag and it somehow just attached to her body and she began entered Sonja carefully, lovingly separating her labia with the hard phallus which felt exactly like a man's hard cock with veins and everything. Tara grabbed her ass and fucked her hard as their tits rubbed against each other their arms around each others' neck, the cloth cocoon closed around them and sealed them while Tara's unbelievably strong body took her to a place she had wanted to go with a woman, but had never experienced before. 

Tara's hips began to vibrate and rotate wildly,her breasts bounced like some stripper on runway and finally a gush of her sweet orgasmic juices flooded around the phallus and drenched Sonja's body. Kisses, tears and the obvious scent of pussy juices filled the rest area room as the cocoon fell away and Tara laid down to sleep, with her new lover and trusted friend Sonja in her arms. The both fell into a sound sleep for the rest of the night.

In the morning, a knock on the door awoke both of them as they got dressed quickly and went their own ways. Later that day Sonja texted Tara and they made plans to live together in Tara's apartment. It was the beginning of Tara's education into human love and sexuality on the earth, a place she'd come to save from destruction.