 Prologue

It was dark the night I laid eyes upon her for the first time. I remember seeing her dance, lights flashing around her, music thumping through the large room. She was beautiful, eyes like shining emeralds, hair like a midnight wave of the sea, too dark at the time to tell its true color. Her skin was the color of butterscotch, warm and glowing with the sheen of sweat glimmering across her skin. Everything about her pulled me in, every piece of my soul called me to her. It didn't matter that I too was a woman, or that I was engaged to be married. This woman was above all earthly constrictions of commitment. If I had known then how drastically my life would change by approaching her, I don't know if I still would have approached her all those years ago.

Chapter 1

My friends had wanted to go to the club that night, saying I needed a last hoorah before I tied the knot. They suggested a strip club of all places, if I had known it would be a female one, maybe I wouldn't have gone, knowing my, er, lack of resilience to the female gender. The moment we walked in, I could smell the scent of sweat and arousal, as if it was tickling my nose, pulling me in. My friends laugh and we grab a table closest to the main stage. A woman is dancing, slowly gyrating her hips against the pole as she goes lower and lower, her legs spreading wider as she finally sits on her heels and places her hands on her knees and spreads her legs farther apart. I try not to look, instead turning my eyes towards the other stages. None of the women appeal to me though and I eventually look down at the table. A waitress comes over and gets our orders. I ask for a Shirley Temple with cherry shnopps added to it to try and take the edge off my nerves at being back in a place like this. I look back up at the main stage to see that the woman who had been dancing had left. The already dim lights dimmed further and smoke started to pour through the room. 

An exotic sounding beat started up as a man's voice called, "From the depths of the amazons comes a woman unknown to any man or woman, please welcome, Valentina."

Through the fog a woman slipped out a light trailing her soft steps as she moved across the stage. She was clad in nothing but a long thin white dress that had slits going up to her waist. Her long dark hair was pulled back into a bun while her lips were painted ruby red. She looked at me suddenly, an intense stare that sent a jolt through my body all the way down to my core. She kept her eyes on me as she slowly started to sway her hips back and forth, raising her arms above her head as the music picked up and started to move faster. She began to turn and with it, her dress got higher and higher until her whole lower half was exposed. The curves of her ass were perfection, two perfect spheres of caramel skin. Suddenly, she grabbed the pole and hooked a leg around it, still spinning. She dropped into a split before crawling towards our table, pursing her perfect lips and staring into my soul with intense green eyes. Without thinking I stood up ignoring the hoots from my friends. I pull out the ten dollar bill I had brought and gingerly held it out to her. She grabbed my hand and pulled me close to her. She guided my hand to her chest, letting me feel her erect nipples. I couldn't help but shudder slightly before placing the ten dollars into her dress. I turned to leave, only to find me being pulled back to her. She pressed her body against mine and breathed into my ear, "Come find me in the back later."

With that she stood again and continued to dance, receiving money here and there from the rest of the customers. Try as they might, my friends couldn't get me to say what she had told me. I myself was trying to wrap my mind around the fact that the beautiful woman wanted to see me. When I saw she had left. I got up and asked the bartender where the back was. 

He grinned and in a heavily accented voice said, "So Valentina wants to speak to the pretty lady, eh? The back is behind those curtains next to backstage. Just say, Valentina wants to see me, yah?" With that, he gave me a wink and returned to cleaning the bar. I nervously pushed a strand of short, red hair out of my eyes, the nerves of actually meeting and talking to the strange woman made me want to turn around and sit back down. I walked towards the curtains, breathing heavily. Steeling my nerves, I pushed through them until I smacked into a rather tall, bulky man. Looking up, my eyes widened upon seeing his scarred face. I managed to stutter out that Valentina wanted to see me. After a moment of squinting at me, he turned and pointed down the hall to the last door. 

"Cause any funny business and I'll throw you out so hard on your ass that you won't be able to sit for a month." With that being said, he turned back towards the curtains and crossed his arms, waiting for the next intruder to dare try and sneak through the curtains.

I looked around, taking in the scene of controlled chaos. Women milled around, putting on robes or sitting and touching up on their make-up. A few of them noticed me and stared, curious. One woman started to approach me, only to be interrupted by an older woman who looked to be in her late thirties. With her distracted, I made my way down the long hallway to Valentina's room. Taking a deep breath, I knocked on the door. A soft voice beckoned me in. "It's now or never," I muttered to myself before opening the door. A soft light filled the room, coming from candles strewn all over the space. To the side sat a plush, lavender love seat with two side tables that seemed to be made of some sort of dark wood. A closet filled with clothes lay opposite of it. Directly in front of me was Valentina, who was looking at me through a mirror on a vanity. She stood, turning and facing me. Without the height of the stage, I realized she was probably about six foot two, dwarfing my five foot five inches. A soft smile graced her features, making her look as if she was gazing upon a long lost lover or friend. Not knowing what to do or say, I stuttered out, "Uh, you, um, w-wanted to, er, see me?"

At this, she bounded towards me and wrapped her arms around me, burying her face in my red hair. We stood like this for a moment as she held me tight while I awkwardly held her back. She looked up after a while, tears in her striking green eyes. "It has been too long, my love," She whispered, kissing my forehead. My mouth dropped open, eyes bugging out. I managed to pull myself together enough to get out, "My love?"

She seemed not to notice as she pulled me to the couch and sat down, pulling me into her lap. It wasn't as if I minded sitting in the lap of a very beautiful woman, it's just that I was trying to figure out what in God's name did she mean by "it's been too long"? She wrapped her arms around me and held me close. I looked into her eyes then, trying to figure out if this was some kind of joke or fantasy play. I must have looked confused, because her smile dimmed into a frown and her eyebrows furrowed. "You don't remember, do you?" She breathed, searching my eyes, trying to find something in them. She must have come up empty, because she looked away, eyes closed and lips trembling.

"Remember what?" I asked, going over in my head if I had ever had sex with this woman. I would have remembered her; she was not easy to forget. She looked at me then, her look heartbreaking. There was something about her eyes that itched at my brain, something about her that struck a chord inside of me. She spoke then, her voice even softer than before, 

"We were once lovers so long ago that even the trees have forgotten us. I have searched for you for a millennium, but each time I found you, it was too late, you could no longer be mine, for you were already in the arms of another. But, to find you here of all places, it is a blessing." She smiled then, and waited earnestly, as if I would know what she was talking about.

"I, I'm sorry, I don't know you, I would remember if I had ever met you before..." I told her, looking away. I looked back when I heard a soft choking sound. I was shocked to see tears streaming down her face. Her hand came up to her mouth as she started to sob. She leaned her head against my shoulder and cried against it. Not knowing what to do, I rubbed her back in what I hoped was soothing circles. "What am I supposed to remember?" I murmured against her hair. She looked up then and stared at me momentarily.

"Me."