 Robyn threw a spare set of underwear into her small duffel bag, along with a toiletry bag; containing her toothbrush, a small bottle of mouthwash, shampoo & conditioner, and a disposable razor. In a discreet pouch at the bottom of her back she had placed the strap-on they had been using. She fully expected to spend the night with Alice, due to nothing more than the time and their undeniable chemistry, and so she made sure she was prepared. She thought that the speed at which she had called Alice was a little crazy, and perhaps it was, but she did not regret her decision.

Walking out of the door she couldn't wait to arrive at Alice's home and be with her again, physically and mentally. Despite knowing very little about her she wanted to know more about her life and personality, and found herself imagining a relationship. Maybe something would blossom, maybe it would not, but either way she had never imagined she would be feeling that way after just one night.

When Robyn had approached Alice she had been after a night of pleasure, nothing more, and had even been considering walking away at one stage. She'd never slept with a straight woman or, more accurately, a woman who'd never been involved sexually with another, yet Alice had truly outperformed the expectations. Robyn had come much harder than usual and couldn't wait for that again.

Arriving, however, to see Alice in a flood of tears was a reminder of why she was actually going in the first place. Alice practically collapsed onto her having locked the door as she sobbed, her head resting between the base of her neck and onto the top of her breasts. They made their way to the living room and sat down on the sofa, Robyn stroking her hair until she began to calm down.

"What's happened?" Robyn asked after several minutes.

"I just broke up with my boyfriend." Alice spoke bluntly.

Robyn felt a little numb as she listened to the account of what Todd had subjected her to only a few short hours ago, and felt a pang of fury. First, she felt slightly betrayed that Alice had not disclosed that she had been cheating the night before. But that quickly passed her by, and she wanted nothing more than to hunt down the man who had treated her that way.

If she had her way the man would be tied tightly and bent over, and the two would take turns ramming his ass with a pair of suitably large strap-ons. Her anger would see her fucking him until she was certain he wouldn't be able to walk properly for weeks... and then some.

"Is he coming back?" Robyn asked once she was finished.

"His stuff is by the door; he's coming to pick it up tomorrow at midday."

"I appreciate that we barely know each other, Alice, but come and stay with me for the rest of the weekend." It was Saturday night, and Robyn did not want her to be alone.

***

Almost an hour had passed and they were in Robyn's apartment, Alice staring out of her bedroom window in a slight amazement. She had lived in the city for over two decades and yet she had never seen it in such a light, under such circumstances. She was naked, Robyn beside her, and staring East-bound.

The ocean was calm despite the time of year, and the pier was lit up brilliantly; its lights casting reflections down onto the water below. The large Brighton wheel was spinning slowly with the last of the night's passengers aboard, themselves getting a similar to view that she was getting. The city itself was alive, and not far away she could see the neon entrances to some of her favourites clubs and bars.

Robyn was getting a view of her own; far greater than what Alice was watching. Alice was a little shorter than herself with a fire-red head of hair, falling half-way down her slender torso. Her face was petite and utterly gorgeous, small sharp features set upon pale skin. Bright green eyes stared out of the window, unaware of Robyn's admiration, with a small set of lips curled into a smile. 

Her entire body was slender, a pair of stunning C-cup breasts drawing all of her attention. Button-size nipples stood slightly erect in the cool evening, setting Robyn's off contagiously, leading down a flat stomach to a tuft of neatly trimmed red pubic hair, only a small strip. Her legs could not have been more perfect, neither could her feet, and whilst she could not see her ass or pussy she felt herself getting horny at the memory.

"It's beautiful." Alice said, at last.

Robyn nodded without averting her eyes and that is when Alice turned to look at her, a spark in her eyes. Neither spoke for a time and just stared at each other, the silence neither awkward nor dull.

"I want to use that dildo on you, Robyn."

Alice had a ravenous glint in her eye as her mouth turned into the beginnings of a smile and she placed her hands upon Robyn's hips. Despite her inexperience she kissed her passionately and pushed forward until they tumbled onto the bed, Robyn wrapping her legs around her slim waste.

Alice was as nervous as the first time they'd had sex, but Robyn turned her on more than any other person she had ever been with. She was fuelled into their passionate affair with the electricity between them and only halted by the woman beneath her.

"Are you sure?" Robyn asked, referencing her earlier ordeal.

"Shut up and let me make you come."

Alice spoke directly, kissing slowly down her body to rest and nibble around her hips. She delicately kissed the inside of her thighs and crept in closer and closer towards the already-glistening pussy presented to her. A hunger in her core drove her in, and she lapped at the juices rapidly being produced.

Robyn moaned deeply as Alice worked with her tongue, dipping in and out of the soaking orifice and flicking her clit, alternating between the two actions to drive her crazy. Alice settled more permanently on her clit and flicked her tongue in upwards and downwards motions at an increasingly rapid pace. Robyn wrapped her fingers around Alice's fiery hair and pulled her into her. Alice suddenly changed and moved her tongue from right to left and back, repeatedly, and Robyn found herself a breath away from a shattering orgasm.

That was when Alice stopped and lifted her head, giving her a devilish wink. Robyn let out a sound that resembled please and Alice grinned, shaking her head with a tut tut.

"Not so easy my little bird."

Alice told Robyn what to do and so she obeyed, turning around on her knees and bending forwards, her ass in the air. Alice slapped her buttocks gently at first, alternatively, and then with a lot more force, leaving a mark on Robyn's right buttock. She wasn't finished, however, and only once her ass resembled a rosy-red peach did she dip her head down.

Nerves gone, Alice dove straight into her pussy and devoured her clit with a hunger she'd never felt; ravenous beyond words. She pumped two fingers into Robyn as she feasted, driving the woman towards the orgasm she craved with no intention of allowing her to come. Robyn began to buck her hips and Alice stopped immediately, returning to stare at the gorgeous sight before her.

"Too easy."

Alice picked up the strap-on from the bedside cabinet, Robyn having put it there shortly after arriving, and looked at the harness with mild confusion to begin with. Moments later, however, she had strapped herself in and looked down at the cock that was now standing tall. She was intrigued having never seen that sight, and gripped it hard in her left hand, turned on even more than before. The base of the dildo was fixed just below her clit and so she was certain she would feel it as she fucked Robyn.

Climbing behind the woman before her she rubbed the fake cock against her clit to be greeted with her moans, gratification instant. As the dildo moved she felt a twinge of pleasure herself, and could barely resist driving it into the succubus. Surprising Robyn, that was exactly what she did, giving her no time for adjustment, instead giving her a rough treatment.

It was a new sensation for Alice and a new set of movements, but she found her groove in thrusting after only a few moments. Robyn was practically screaming in pleasure beneath her and moved her body in time with Alice's thrusts; the fucking more intense than ever. Without warning Robyn came hard, her head collapsing onto the bed and a guttural scream escaping her throat. Alice did not cease thrusting and fucked her through the intense orgasm directly into another, feeling the additional resistance in her thrusts from her pussy contracting.

"Taste yourself." Alice instructed.

Breathing heavily, Robyn turned around and opened her mouth widely to take the dildo inside, bobbing her head slowly. She moaned slightly and Alice wondered at which part - sucking the dildo or the taste of her own juices; perhaps both. Alice grabbed her head and force the dildo in further, releasing her as she heard Robyn gag.

Robyn lay on her back and opened her legs as wide as possible at the command of Alice, who pulled her legs over her shoulders and directed the cock into Robyn's pussy. Her knees were almost at her shoulders as Alice fucked her, the two making direct eye contact. Robyn could feel every nanometre of movement intensely as she was beautifully and blissfully violated, hoping the moment would never end.

Staring into the eyes of a woman whilst in such a vulnerable, ecstatic moment clarified exactly why Robyn could see something more than just sex with Alice. She could imagine them at a restaurant without a care, following it up with drinks before tumbling into bed. She could imagine the two of them begrudgingly attending an event but enjoying each other's company, causing mischief. She was not the type to fall head-first into anything, and had not been looking for a relationship, but she thought that maybe she had found it.

She was torn apart from her thoughts as Alice simultaneously flicked her clit while fucking her and she came in an instant, her voice certainly loud enough to wake the entire building - and certainly her immediate neighbours. Alice kissed her delicately and pulled out of her pussy, and Robyn felt as though she could have fallen asleep then and there.

Barely aware of what was happening Robyn found herself bent over again on the bed, Alice knelt behind her. The backs of her thighs were being massaged, and she was lost to her touch.

"You did this to me last night," Alice started to say, "And I'm curious."

Alice began to massage her ass, fixated on only one thing. She had never been interested in anything to do with an ass, and certainly nothing regarding anal play, but the 24 hours leasing up until that moment had shifted her perspective somewhat.

Robyn had given her a great deal of pleasure with her tongue, and despite what Todd would believe she had really started to enjoy her ass being fucked. She leaned forward and kissed both of Robyn's buttocks, spreading them wider as she centred her head. She licked Robyn's hole in a single slow movement and heard a surprised moan.

She used her tongue to lick backwards and forwards once again, repeating the movements until her ass was coated in saliva. A little surprised at how hot it made her feel, she gained confidence and ate the forbidden orifice with a renewed tenacity. She ran her tongue around the ring and dove inside ever-so-slightly, Robyn's moans driving her forward.

Her ass resisted slightly but Alive drove her tongue inside her and rimmed the muscle, fucking the woman with her tongue. Extending her tongue as far as she was able she went inside as far as possible, feeling the juice from her pussy on the inside of her thighs. She had never been so horny as she began to circle Robyn's clit with her thumb.

After what could have been hours, though Alice knew it wasn't, she spat on Robyn's ass and lubricated her index finger, circling the muscle before pushing inside her. Robyn reacted instantly and moaned loudly, encouraging Alice forwards until her knuckle halted the invasion. The silky texture was not too indifferent from her pussy, yet tighter, and gave more resistance when she began to pump her finger.

Only when she had adjusted did Alice slide in a second finger, pumping her ass while continuing to circle her clit. Robyn, once again, began to buck her hips slightly and on Robyn's instruction Alice removed both of her fingers.

"Fuck my ass, Alice, please."

Not needing to be told twice, Alice picked up the small bottle of lubrication and coated the dildo, her ass already slippery from saliva.

"Please go slow... to start with." Robyn winked and spread her ass.

Alice had not been expecting such a positive reaction from her but did not hesitate to line the cock up with her spread ass. She put pressure on the loosened asshole and pushed forwards, the head edging into Robyn at a torturously slow pace. Wanting her to enjoy every second, Alice did not speed up and stopped as soon as the head had penetrated her.

"Why have you stopped, Alice?" Robyn snapped.

Alice pulled back slightly and thrust forward gently, pushing another half-inch inside her without relenting her pressure. Minutes of patience passed until Robyn let out a load moan as she took the widest part of the dildo. The final inches eased inside her easily and both became suddenly impatient.

"Fuck me hard, Alice, make me come."

Alice did not need telling twice and picked up in speed in an instant, thrusting deep and hard into her ass. The increased resistance of her ass caused the base of the dildo to rub against her clit more intensely and she gasped at the pleasure, further heightened by the moans of the woman she was fucking.

Robyn began to strum her clit as she was sodomised relentlessly, feeling an unusual build up to an orgasm that she hadn't felt before. It felt deeper inside of her and strangely intense. As it came closer and closer her voice increased in volume until she was overcome by pleasure. Biting down against her lip she couldn't even make a sound as her entire body was wracked by the power of the orgasm rushing through her, and as it wore off she collapsed away from Alice.

The dildo popped out of her asshole audibly and Alice simultaneously undid the straps, desperate to come herself. Robyn saw this, clearly, for she pushed Alice back and dove into her, devouring her as though insatiable. As she came, Alice's eyes rolled into the back of her head as she saw stars and fireworks all at once, her functions completely overruled by the orgasm. Fluid gushed from her pussy like a torrent of water into Robyn's mouth, and she swallowed it all down with a smile, crawling up the bed to curl up next to Alice.

"Tomorrow is your turn, angel." Robyn whispered into her ear as they drifted off into the deep depths of sleep.