 Sitting in the restaurant you can feel the stares from some of the diners there. Sipping your wine you thank the self confidence you feel and the internal comfort you have thanks to your partner. With their love and guidance you've been able to heal the emotional scars that plagued you several years ago. Before this relationship you could never have been as comfortable and confident as you are now. Your pale pink nail polish glints off the glass of wine as you set it back down on the table. Looking to one side you wink at one of the men looking at you. His embarrassment is seen by his date.

"He'll have some explaining to do!" you whisper to yourself as you smirk.

Closing your eyes and crossing your legs you inhale deeply and relax in the moment. Thinking of how exciting this night is the hours of preparation have been well worth the effort. Just two hours ago you were soaking in the oversized tub up to your neck in perfumed water and inhaling the smell of scented candles. By the time you were finally ready to step out your muscles were so relaxed it was actually hard to stand. After wrapping yourself in your plush white terry robe and walking into the bedroom it was tough to find the perfect nail polish.

"I think I chose a good color," you say looking at your extended fingers as you debate taking a warm breadstick from the table, "It is my favorite."

The pale pink nail polish was applied with great care to both your fingers and toenails. It seems silly now, coordinating your colors like that, but it's the little things that let someone know how special they are. Pulling a compact out of your purse you check your pale pink lipstick. Despite leaving some on the glass it still is perfectly in place.

"Why am I always early?" you ask yourself looking at your watch. 

It would still be another 10 minutes before your date arrives. Sitting up straight in the chair and adjusting the bustier you are wearing you think back to your excitement when you were getting dressed. Everything tonight just had to be perfect. It is such an important milestone after all of the hurdles in your life. The silver and black satin and lace bustier was the obvious choice. The silver portions on the front cuts from just outside your breasts downward in a V making your already trim figure look even thinner. The push up cups and lace trim over your breasts is accented by the lace along the bottom of the bustier and the small silver satin thong. Both make you feel feminine and sexy. 

"I'll see you soon," you say into the cell phone, "I love you too."

These words come easily to many people but how many really mean it? Before this relationship you were positive that you had known what true love really was. Since this relationship you are positive that you had been incorrect in the past. Being together has allowed you the inner strength you've never known before. Checking your face one more time and smoothing your shirt you giggle about the decision to wear it. Some time ago as a kind of joke or even a dare you had bought yourself a man's two piece suit, shirt and tie. All were a little too big but that's half of the fun of the outfit. Trying to button the buttons on the wrong side of the shirt had been a new twist when you pulled it on earlier. The collar is easily 3" too big and even with the blue paisley tie cinched up it hangs loosely around your neck. The navy blue pleated pants, while they are the right length, hang loosely as well around your waist. Of course that alone offers the wonderful excuse to wear the matching tan and blue suspenders that frame your breasts through the shirt. The cuffs hang perfectly around your low heels thanks to the little old tailor you had visited. The looks he had given you were beyond priceless! Finally the entire outfit is topped off with a double breasted navy blue jacket that sits just a little too big on your shoulders.

"Lonnie will certainly be surprised when she sees me in this," you say nervously fidgeting in the chair as you see just her head over by the hostess station, "Considering she'd never thought I'd ever wear it in public."

As she walks towards you your eyes meet. As always whenever your eyes meet your heart skips a beat. Tonight, seeing how she is dressed, it skips twice. Her body like yours is tall and toned. She carries her jacket over her arm as she walks towards you with her typical deliberate stride. Her dress is stunning showing a flash of her left bare silken leg with each step. The halter keyhole front accents her strong shoulders that have supported you for so long and shows just a bit of her cleavage. Wearing her hair up and back only add to her amazing look and give her neck amazing length. The full length satin dress is black with a symmetrical band of white around the top.

"You wore the suit!" She says flashing the smile that warms you to your toes.

"You look amazing as well," you say standing to greet her, "that dress is stunning."

"You haven't seen the best part yet!" She says turning around slowly revealing the low cut back with three buttons at the bottom fitting it to her body. "What do you think?"

"Lonnie you're going to make everyone here jealous," you say leaning forward and kissing her lips lightly, "the men for not being with you and the women too."

"Thank you," she says sitting next to you at the table still holding your hand, "I can't get over how great you look in that suit! And where did you get the hat?"

"It was an impulse buy a couple of days ago," you say tugging the front of the blue fedora that holds your hair neatly inside, "it just seems to fit the rest of the outfit so well. Although tucking my hair into it certainly wasn't as easy as I initially thought." 

"How long did it take the waiter to figure out that you weren't a guy?" She asks smiling brightly.

"I'm sure it was well before he saw the lipstick on my wine glass," you say smiling back and staring into her deep blue eyes, "Would you like some?"

As you pour her a glass of wine the rest of the restaurant disappears. It is now just the two of you. You hold hands like anxious teenagers on a date discovering love for the first time. The only interruption is the waiter who knowing intrudes as little as possible. Even with all of the time spent together your body twitters at her touch.

"You know," she says pulling your hand to her mouth and lightly touching your fingers with her lips, "This place has a dance floor."

"Well," you say emboldened by her mere presence, "I think we should don't you?"

Her reply is a simple smile as you stand and walk behind her chair. Pulling her chair out and taking her hand. Holding her fingertips in yours the two of you weave through the tables to the dance floor. Several more traditional couples are dancing slowly to the music as the two of you make your way to the middle of the floor. As you turn your right hand moves around her tiny waist and onto her bare back. Her left hand clutches your shoulder as your bodies move together with the music. Your bodies sway and move together as your left hand holds your right tight to your chest. You aren't sure if it's the fact that you are lost in the moment or that you simply don't care but for whatever reason you can not see beyond her. Lonnie lowers her head to your shoulder causing her hair to tickle your ear as your head leans towards hers. This isn't the first time you feel lost in her arms as she holds you tightly. Your heart pounds against her arm as the song softly ends. 

As you walk slowly back to the table still holding her hand some of the faces of the other patrons come into view. Amazingly they are not the judgmental faces of the narrow minded but faces or warmth and approval. Can they possibly know how much Lonnie means to you? How much she has changed and bettered your life? Maybe it shows in the way you touch, in the look on your faces as you do, who knows what it is they see but this is certainly the first time you have felt comfortable being a same sex couple out with mixed sex couples. Your friends eventually learned to accept it. For the most part it was the changes they saw in you, your elevated confidence, and the return of your smile that clued them in and made them accept Lonnie and more importantly your relationship. 

The two of you sit and enjoy your quiet meal making small talk and in general just enjoying being together. When dessert comes the two of you share a chocolate brownie covered in whipped cream and warm chocolate sauce. As the time comes to leave the two of you stand and as Lonnie takes your arm you walk out together. Her hand is warm against your right elbow and you can not help but smile as you pass by people who all of a sudden realize that you are not a man in that suit. By the time you walk out the front door the two of you are giggling uncontrollably. 

You escort Lonnie to your car and open the door for her holding her hand as she settles into the seat. The slit in the front of her dress rides up even further showing even more of her leg. Your eyes follow the dress as is rides up until she catches your eyes with hers.

"Want to know what else I'm wearing besides the dress Lisa?" She asks with a smirk and a wink.

"If you want to tell me," you say trying not to blush too deeply, "But you know I'd love to hear."

"Just a pair of shoes," she says smiling wide and playfully pulling the dress up a little more, "And some perfume of course."

Your smile is too big to even consider hiding as you close her door staring at the gleam in her eye. The faint click of your heels follows you around the car and your smile is still very present as you sit in the driver's seat. The two of you exchange a quick look and giggle as you start the car and pull out of the parking space. As you place your hand on top of hers the connection and electricity between you two is undeniable. The drive home is almost a blur as you can only think of what is to come. By the time you pull back into the driveway both of your nipples are so hard they ache slightly and the small satin thong you are wearing is soaked. The two of you meet in front of the car and walk arm in arm into your home.

The desire to tear Lonnie's dress off as you close the front door behind you is almost too much. She walks up to you and embraces you tightly pulling your body to hers. Her kiss is soft and tender in stark contrast to the pull of her hands and arms. Your tongue pushes between your lips and glances against hers.

"Hold that thought lover," she says looking into your eyes, "this is a night to celebrate and you need champagne to celebrate. Have a seat, I'll get it."

You reluctantly break your embrace and walk over to the couch as Lonnie turns towards the kitchen. "Oh," she says as she looks over her shoulder at you, "and don't take off anything. I want to do that myself!"

Luckily you are almost on the couch as her words and look make you feel weak in the knees. Trying to regain your bearing you sit on the couch in a "guy-like" pose with your right ankle over your left thigh showing the matching trouser socks below the cuffed heel of your pants. Lonnie returns shortly afterwards with champagne in a bucket of ice and two glasses in one hand and two three wick candles in the other. As she walks into the living room she lowers the lights. She leans forward placing it on the table in front of you and showing just a bit more of her cleavage through the keyhole opening of her dress. Lonnie places the candles on the table and lights them placing them off to the sides of the bucket. Looking up she winks at you as she catches you staring at her breasts. Even though you have lavished those breasts dozens of times with your hands and mouths being caught staring at them now causes you to blush slightly. The pop of the champagne bottle snaps you back to reality. Lonnie pours you each a stemmed glass of champagne and hands one to you as she sits down next to you. The warmth of her leg can be felt against yours as she holds her champagne glass up.

"To you," she says looking at you longingly, "To your bravery, your inner beauty, and your elegance over the past years."

You can't help but smile and blush as you take a sip of your champagne. 

"Well then," you say taking the glass from your lips, "To you as well, for being my friend, my lover, my confidant, and everything else in between from the very beginning."

Lonnie smiles and sips from her glass all the while looking at you. Slowly setting her glass down and stands back up taking your left hand with her. As you rise to your feet she turns and has you follow her around the table to the center of the living room. 

"One more thing..." She says as she presses one finger against your painted lips. Pressing a button on the remote soft music plays from the stereo. "There," she says tossing the remote onto the couch, "That's much better."

Her hands glide along your arms and lightly down your chest following the cut of your oversized suit. Unbuttoning the suit jacket her eyes never leave yours. Your jacket falls open and is pushed open even further as her hands move inside and up your sides. Her hands glance against the sides of your breasts as they move over your shoulders and push the suit jacket down your arms. Shaking your arms free your finger tips touch her forearms lightly following her skin up her arms. The light hair on her arms stands on end showing that she is as excited as you. Lonnie's fingers trace your collar bone through the shirt meeting at your tie. Slowly unknotting it she leans forward and softly touches her lips to yours. 

"I really do like you in this suit," she whispers as her lips graze yours, "you look amazing in it."

"Thank you," you say smiling and glancing your tongue against her lips, "That dress is stunning. You should wear them more often."

"A little much for work," Lonnie says smiling and flicking your tongue with hers, "don't you think? Now help me with the buttons on your shirt."

Your hands move down Lonnie's sides and begin to tug the shirt from your pants. As you look down you notice how well the suspenders that are holding up the pants to your suit frame and accent your breasts through the oversized shirt. For her part Lonnie has already unbuttoned your shirt halfway down.

"Those pants look a little loose," Lonnie says tucking her hands inside the suspenders and tugging them to her, "Almost as if they could fall off with out these."

Lonnie casually slides the suspenders over your shoulders taking the shirt with it. Your arms drop to your sides as the weight of the pants tugs the suspenders and shirt downward. The shirt sleeves slide off your arms freeing them as it falls to the floor. The pants hang loosely above your hips.

"Almost that loose," you say looking back up and deep into Lonnie's eyes, "But not quite."

"That's okay," she says as her fingers move inside the waistband to the pants and slide towards the front, "I can fix that if you can help me out of this dress."

.

Your fingertips barely touch the warm flesh on Lonnie's arms as they make their way up to her shoulders and behind her neck. Releasing the simple clasp behind her neck as she releases your pants from your hips the anticipation becomes almost unbearable. You let go of the ends of Lonnie's halter top allowing it to fall below her waist before pulling her mouth to yours. The kiss is almost smothering as she pulls you into her tightly. Your tongues dance and explore each other's mouths deeply. Her hands slide over your body somewhat rougher and around your back to unclasp the black and silver bustier you are wearing. Freeing your arms, but not breaking your passionate kiss, your hands caress the soft flesh of her back on their way to push her dress free of her lower body. With the constraints of the bustier now completely undone the only thing keeping it from falling to the floor is the pressure of your two bodies pushing together. By simply taking half a step back the bustier and Lonnie's dress fall to the floor. Finally your kiss breaks and the two of you step out of your clothes and shoes leaving Lonnie completely naked and you wearing only the small silver thong.

"Wait just one second," Lonnie says pulling away slightly, "We need one more thing." Lonnie turns and grabs several pillows off the love seat behind her and tosses them on the floor.

"Come with me!" You say in the husky voice of desire. 

Grasping her hand and slowly moving down to the floor you positioning her next to you on her back. 

"I love you." Lonnie says looking up at you from the pillow that holds her head.

Leaning downward you kiss her exquisite lips and whisper, "I love you too."

Your body curls next to hers propped up on your left elbow with your right hand on your abdomen. Her skin is soft, warm and inviting to your touch. Gracefully your hand glides up her body until you are cupping her left breast. Lonnie inhales deeply as you fondle her breast. Kissing across her face to her ear your thumb glances over her now rock hard nipple. Your right leg moves between her legs allowing you to feel the radiating heat of her pussy against your thigh. Her left hand moves over your shoulder and down your back grasping the band of your thong.

"You're still overdressed...." She says panting and arching her body at your touch.

"There will be time to fix that," you whisper faintly in her ear, "in a little while."

Lonnie tugs at the band of the thong causing pressure on your pussy and making you moan softly in her ear. Burying your lips into her neck you suck softly and nibble her skin while pinching her nipple with your finger and thumb. Lonnie's body wiggles below you as she gulps in air. Your left hand moves under you and does the same to her right breast while you slowly kiss your way down her neck. Releasing her breast with your right hand and moving it over to the coffee table your fingers find what they were searching for. 

"And just what do you plan to do with that?" Lonnie asks looking at the ice cube in your hand.

Instead of answering you look up and smile as the very corner of the ice cube hovers over her left nipple. The cold gleaming from the cube causes Lonnie to try to pull her body away. As a drop of water falls off the cube and onto her nipple her body jumps and she inhales sharply. Finally touching the cube to her nipple using it to bend the nipple to one side the sound of Lonnie's soft moan makes you smile. Your eyes study her face while you circle her nipple with the corner of the ice cube. Her eyes are closed with her bottom lip sucked into her mouth. Lonnie's head rocks back and forth with the movement of her body to the circling ice.

"Oh my God," she moans louder, "It's sooooo cold!"

"I can fix that lover." You say pulling the ice cube away and lowering your mouth to her cold nipple.

"Ooooo!" She cries pulling your warm mouth harder onto her cold skin.

Slowly moving your body on top of hers and positioning yourself between her legs feeling the heat of her pussy against your abdomen. As she pulls your head into her left breast you move the ice cube to her other nipple and begin to circle it. Once again Lonnie inhales deeply and squeezes her legs around you. You turn the ice cube so that the long edge lies against her breast before flicking it back and forth over the long nipple quickly. Lonnie's long legs wrap around your body and down your legs and her back arches hard as you continue to suck the warmth back into her left nipple.

"Lisaaaa," she moans, "it's so cold it's almost ready to fall off!"

"Well we can't have that," you say lifting your head and looking up at her, "Now can we?"

Before Lonnie has time to answer your mouth clamps down over her right breast. You can feel the coldness of her breast and the trails of water as the ice cube melted against her skin. The fingers from both hands grasp the back of your head pushing your hat off and intertwining in your long hair. Lonnie's feet hook inside of your legs and her pussy rubs against your body. 
