 Here is the final part of The American Reporter. Helga has discovered that Helmut has been spying on her under orders from SiPo because her father wasn't anti-Jewish enough for their liking. A plan is hatched to get her out of Egypt and into America after she lets two men from the American embassy copy the contents of her husband's safe.

I apologise for taking so long with this next chapter, I had a few days in Copenhagen to recharge the batteries.

The Road Not Taken (Fifth Stanza)

By Robert Frost

I shall be telling this with a sigh,

Somewhere ages and ages hence,

Two roads diverged in a wood and I-

I took the road less travelled by,

And that has made all the difference.

THE ESCAPE

Helga rose from the desk and moved to the window. She was many miles to the north of Cairo in the port city of Alexandria. She stared at the roofs, somewhere out there was a ship lying at anchor to take her to freedom. The house she was in belonged to an Austrian ex expatriate, Dr. Josef Stein. It had been built during the French occupation under Napoleon and had seen a series of owners ever since then who all contributed their unique style to the mansion. From a room down the hall she could hear the laughter of children and above them she heard Harriet's voice speaking German and a smile nudged her lips. The fateful day had arrived, it had been over a week since she allowed two men from the American embassy to rifle through Helmut's safe but in that time she felt as if she'd lived an eternity and Helga's mind drifted back to that Saturday evening when they arrived here in Harriet's car.

Her initial reaction when Harriet drove through the front gates was that this was some kind of palace and this feeling increased when they were ushered into the luxurious sitting room where Dr. Stein sat with his wife, Ingrid and his sister, Eva. 

"Ah, you have arrived," Josef greeted Harriet in faultless English, "how was the journey?"

"Too many potholes," she perched on the edge of a chair, "I shall have to get the suspension checked before I return in the morning."

"I will have my man look at it for you," he indicated the brunette by his side, "my wife, Ingrid and this is my sister, Eva."

Ingrid looked to be in her early forties although looks could be deceiving but Eva definitely seemed to be closer to Helga's age. Her blonde hair was tied up in a bun and her blue eyes shifted for a split second to take in Harriet before returning to Helga.

"You are staying with us for a while?"

"She is," Josef replied, "she has a condition."

Helga smiled nervously at the word. Condition was the word used by one of Harriet's doctor friends to describe her 'borderline mania.' Helga had meticulously memorised the symptoms for two days before giving Harriet the green light and yet it had been hard to maintain that condition for half the night in front of both Helmut and Harriet before the 'doctor' could be summoned. He had gravely informed Helmut that his wife needed rest, lots of rest and dutifully called an Alexandria number from the house phone. Helga could only presume that the man he spoke to was Dr. Stein because she was in the room down the hall being 'manic.'

Dr. Stein was the chief psychiatrist at the local hospital and the arrangement involved a stay at his house in a guest room while he evaluated her. Helmut had been instantly suspicious.

"There is no need for suspicion," Harriet reassured him, "it is considered normal when a patient has a certain social status to maintain in polite society and your wife certainly falls into that category."

Nevertheless, Helga still couldn't believe that Helmut agreed to let her go so willingly, it was almost as if he wanted her out of the house. The sedative Harriet's friend gave her did make her drowsy enough to fall asleep on the back seat and by the time she awoke they were nearing the port city of Alexandria.

"You would like something to drink?" Eva eyed the tray on the table, "we have tea, coffee or perhaps something stronger?"

"Coffee," she nodded, "I am still drowsy."

"He gave her a sedative," Harriet explained, "neither of us have eaten."

Eva stared at them both and then glanced at Josef, a moment later she got to her feet.

"I will get you some food, you must eat."

"Danke," Harriet nodded.

Josef waited until she was gone before speaking again.

"So, your husband is a Nazi."

"Yes," she replied.

"And you are not a believer in Hitler's thousand year Reich?"

"No," she flicked at her hair, "I did vote for them once but since then I have regretted my vote."

"Such is the nature of politics," Josef murmured, "but here you will find no Nazis, I voted for the Christian Social Party but now I am neither CS nor Nazi. We left Austria when Schuschnigg became chancellor. I watched him rounding up Nazis and Social Democrats into internment camps and I said where does he stop?"

He glanced at his wife for a moment.

"Power has a corrupting influence, it is like a drug, the more you have the more you want. Now my homeland is under the Nazi jackboot and I am here where they cannot touch me."

"I fear Herr Hitler," she finally responded, "I fear that he will lead us into another war with France and Britain, perhaps even Russia."

"Hitler is a dreamer, a man of no substance," Josef tapped out the tobacco in his pipe and reached for his pipe cleaner.

"I fought in the Great War, and I fought alongside Austrian Jews, who were just as willing to lay down their lives for their country as those Hitler calls German Austrians."

Helga listened to him talk while he filled his pipe again. It was so refreshing to sit with people who shared a common language and talk of the evils of Nazism. She felt drawn to the older man in the same way she felt drawn towards her own father and uncles. When Eva returned to the dining room with a tray of leftover food she remembered how hungry she was. It was a night for discussions, mostly in English but occasionally he would lapse into German. Eventually however he had Eva show Helga and Harriet to the room she would be using for the next few days.

"I feel as if I have been dreaming," Helga confessed as she slid beneath the sheet.

"And now you are awake," Harriet smirked.

"Yes, now I am awake," she rolled onto her side and regarded her for a long, lingering moment before sliding her hand beneath the sheet.

"Perhaps not here," Harriet shifted slightly, "I do not know them well enough."

"You are right," Helga withdrew her hand, "but you can still hold me?"

"Of course," she reached for her, "that is acceptable."

It felt good to lie in her arms and just talk but Helga eventually fell asleep and when she awoke in the morning, Harriet was already dressed and sitting in front of the mirror doing her makeup.

"I have to go back to Cairo today," she glanced over her shoulder, "to keep him from getting suspicious and help John convince him to go to the Negev."

"When will you be back?"

"The day after tomorrow."

"Tuesday," she sat up in bed, "so I am to remain here?"

"It would be a good idea," she replaced the cap on the lipstick, "we do not know how many Gestapo agents are here but at least here you do not have to act the manic."

"That is a relief," Helga sighed, "I cannot believe he actually fell for it."

"You were crying and laughing a lot, I almost believed you."

"Maybe I should become an actress."

"Anything is possible in New York," Harriet rose and crossed to the bed, "especially if you have the right connections," she leaned over and flicked at Helga's hair.

"And I have the right connections," she kissed her lips gently.

"I need you to do something for me while I am in Cairo."

"What?"

"Write a list of things you need brought from your home, do not be too extravagant. If he comes home and finds all your clothes gone he will be suspicious but be as precise as you can."

She studied her for a few moments.

"This is a big thing for both of us, but I am looking forward to waking up next to you again."

And then she was gone, leaving Helga to contemplate the enormity of the decision she'd just made and the list, she must not forget the list.

Admittedly it was the list that occupied her mind for the next two days. What could she ask Harriet to bring to Alexandria? Her entire life was back in Cairo and the rest of her life was in Germany, soon she would be in New York and totally dependent on Harriet and it was that factor more than anything else that nagged at her, but there were other deeper issues as well.

One of them concerned Eva. The woman had skirted around her the for the rest of the weekend but on the Monday morning she came into a sitting room at the rear of the house with her sketch pad and pencils. She almost seemed distracted by Helga's presence but just as Helga made ready to get up, Eva glanced at her and fidgeted.

"Could you please sit for me?"

"Sit for you?" Helga peered at her, "you want to draw me?"

"I am learning to draw," she replied, "I am usually drawing fruit or landscapes but I have always wanted to draw people and neither Josef nor my sister in law will sit for me, and the children will never sit still long enough."

"But of course," Helga smiled crookedly, "how would you like me to sit?"

"By the window," she pointed to a small two-seater couch by the window, "but let down your hair and brush it."

It was with some reluctance that Helga let down her hair and brushed it and when she was finished, Eva arranged her on the couch with one knee up on the couch and her left foot planted firmly on the ground. Her blouse was undone to just above her cleavage and her hair pushed back over her left shoulder, a glass of wine stood on the window ledge and Eva had her sit with her chin propped up by her right hand. Because it took so long, Eva allowed her to get up and stretch a couple of times and it was during the second break that she finally opened up a little.

"I admire your courage."

"My courage?" Helga peered at her over the rim of a fresh cup of coffee, "it does not take courage to run away."

"I know about you and Harriet," Eva's eyes widened, "you did not say it but I saw it in your eyes, you and Harriet have been intimate with each other."

It took a few seconds for Helga to reply but when she did she felt the colour in her cheeks.

"Perhaps we have but perhaps we have not, but why do you mention it?"

"Because I wish I had that courage."

"You?" Helga stared at her, "have you ever?"

Eva fiddled with the cross around her neck and nodded.

"Once, in Austria, after my marriage ended."

"Would you like to talk about it?" Helga offered.

"Not yet," Eva shook her head, "but perhaps later?"

"If you like," Harriet replied, "I too would like to talk about Harriet but I am unwilling to say too much right now, so much of this is so new to me."

Nothing more was said until after Eva completed he portrait of Helga, which was a pretty good picture Helga noticed. The woman certainly had artistic talents.

"I am getting the proportions wrong," she fretted.

"Then perhaps you should take some photographs of me," Helga suggested, "I will not be in Egypt for much longer, a photograph would be something to copy from."

"What would your lover say?"

"Perhaps you could take photographs of us both," Helga mused, "she is coming here tomorrow and will be here all night."

"I would love that," Eva beamed, "now I have to go to my Russian class in town, thank you for posing for me."

"You are welcome," Helga nodded.

***

She had thought that Harriet would shy away from a portrait session when she arrived on Tuesday night but Harriet surprised her by not only agreeing to it but supplying her own camera, which came with a flash attachment. Helga had seen it many times in the hotel room and Eva seemed a little overawed at this very professional camera but Harriet took her through the basics and helped set up the room with extra lighting. They then selected two outfits, dresses for the first session and suits for the second session. The pictures ranged from standard portraits to pictures that could be interpreted as suggestive of something more intimate and when the sessions were finally over she removed the film and promised to bring the developed pictures back to Eva when she returned to Alexandria on Friday morning.

It was only when they were alone that Helga finally related the conversation she'd had with Eva that very morning. Harriet raised an eyebrow when she'd finished and nodded.

"It is often the case, I saw the crucifix around her neck. Her brother may be a lapsed Catholic but she is very much beholden to church doctrine. For her it is the ultimate sin but perhaps you should talk to her about it."

"What would I know about it?" Helga fiddled with a cuff button.

"You are sailing to New York with your lover," Harriet lay down on the bed and put her back against the bedhead, "we never know if the words we utter today will not echo throughout history."

"I hardly think anything I say will have that effect," she knelt on the bed.

"They have had an effect on me," Harriet studied her, "and you have already affected Eva, why else would she ask to take your picture?"

"Perhaps she likes me?"

"Hmm," Harriet fluffed out her hair, "and perhaps you have inspired her."

"Me?" Helga lay down on the bed and stared up at the chandelier, "I left my husband for a woman, what is to admire? She told me she admired my courage."

"She is not the only one who admires your courage," Harriet stroked Helga's hair, "I too admire your courage, it gives me hope."

"What if this does not work?" Helga scratched her belly.

"There is that chance but I would always choose to take that chance than live my life wishing I had taken that chance. Maybe that is why Eva admires your courage."

Helga rolled onto her belly to contemplate her. She felt Harriet's hand moving down her backbone and a shiver went down her spine, gently at first and then with more purpose, tracing the line of her bra strap and around her shoulderblades. It was such an intensely erotic exploration that Helga was content to just let it happen. There was the hint that this could go further and she felt the desires rising within her, blotting out the fear of discovery.

Helga rolled onto her back and shifted further up the bed until she was lying next to Harriet and slowly unbuttoned her blouse to expose her bra. Harriet continued her stroking as the blouse was opened up to her belly. She undid her belt and skirt, allowing Harriet to slide her hand down between her legs to her genitals. Helga closed her eyes and spread her legs as Harriet began to rub her softness, gently at first and then with more determination. The climax when it came, was far more intense because of the fear of discovery and after it was over she found she was breathing heavily and then it was Helga's turn to bring Harriet to climax and in the aftermath as they both lay in each other's arms Harriet raised the subject of Helmut.

"Helmut and John will go to the dig, the day after tomorrow, you should send him a postcard."

"A postcard?"

"Yes, a postcard telling him you are feeling a little better but still need a few more days. I talked it over with John and he is concerned that Helmut might still change his mind. A postcard from you might make it easier to justify driving all that way." 

"Perhaps I should send him a picture of us," Helga chuckled.

"A tempting thought but a simple postcard will put the stamp of authenticity on our story, his wife has been feeling poorly but now she is getting better. The last thing we need or want is to have him telling the Gestapo in Alexandria and they will be here, although I have seen nobody who arouses my suspicions."

"I will buy the postcard myself."

"I have already bought one," Harriet eyed her suitcase, "all you have to do is fill it out and I will hand deliver it to Helmut tomorrow morning when I return," she rose and shifted off the bed to fetch the postcard, which was a simple view of Alexandria. The message Helga wrote out was plain and to the point.

Dear Helmut,

I am resting well and Dr. Stein has been very helpful but I am afraid I will not be able to return until the end of next week at the very earliest. I hear you are thinking of going to the dig in the Negev, I do wish you would go, it would give you a chance to do what you love most.

All my Love,

Helga.

***

Harriet left for Cairo the next morning with the postcard and a list from Helga of the things she wanted Harriet to take from the house. In the end Helga elected for a selection of outfits that looked as if she was staying away for a couple of weeks. She also asked for her personal photo albums and her dressmaking patterns.

"If it was possible I would ask you to take my sewing machine."

"There is no need for that," Harriet reassured her, "I have a perfectly good sewing machine at home that is hardly ever used, perhaps now it will be used."

Their farewell that next morning was brief and yet heartfelt as they embraced.

"I will see you soon," Harriet squeezed her, "that is a promise."

As Harriet drove away a few minutes later, Helga became aware that the front door had opened and she turned to find Eva standing in the doorway. Their eyes met and Helga managed a smile.

"Would you like some coffee or tea?"

"I would," she stepped out onto the front verandah, "I am looking forward to seeing my pictures, she is coming back?"

"She is going back to Cairo, she is checking out of her hotel on Friday," Helga mounted the steps to the verandah, "and we sail on the Monday morning."

Helga thought that Eva might open up about her affair with a woman that day but the other woman seemed almost preoccupied and after coffee, Eva drove into town and didn't return until midday when she disappeared into the bathroom. That left Helga with Ingrid for most of the day and she helped out in the kitchen and afterwards they sat listening to the radio and talking of life in Austria and Germany. Ingrid had a distaste for both the present and previous governments.

"We have gone from one extreme to the other and where was the Holy Mother church in all this? They let it all go by with barely a murmur of disapproval, it is one of the things I love so much about Josef, he has no time for religion."

"What about Eva?"

"Eva is the way Josef was before he met me," she replied, "she wants to believe but it is like she is in a waking dream, knowing it is not real but still she keeps on walking. The ability of people to indulge in self deception is something that amazes me even now."

"I know about self deception," Helga murmured, "I too was deceived by Helmut and the Nazis but now my eyes are open."

"I think Harriet has something to do with that," Ingrid glanced at her, "you think?"

"Ja that is true," she nodded, "she has opened my eyes."

For a moment she thought Ingrid had read her mind, even though such a thing was impossible but Ingrid merely smiled and shifted in her seat.

"That is a good thing, when your eyes are fully open you can see much more and that is both good and bad I think."

And yet even though she was tempted, Helga did not out herself to Ingrid. Somehow it didn't feel right and with Eva alone in the bathroom she disappeared to the small library. Josef had quite a good library although he had quipped a few days previously that was only a quarter the size of his library in Austria. He'd lamented the possibility that they had probably burned most of the old books he had called his friends.

The book Helga homed in on however was somewhat enticing, an English translation of Sigmund Freud's, Three Essays on the Theory of Sexuality. She was so engrossed in the book that she wasn't aware of Eva's presence until the other woman coughed and moved past her.
