 Part 1

Your Decision

I wake slowly. My behind still feels a little tender, but the residue of the previous night's mind-blowing orgasm is still lurking in my body. Janet's hand is resting lightly on my breast, and Diana's is cupping my mound. I feel safe, warm and sexy.

And in need of a pee.

I manage to extract myself from the tangle of bedding and limbs. There is something very satisfying about sharing a bed with two other women but getting out to go to the bathroom can be awkward.

After I have relieved the pressure on my bladder I realise that some of my more intermit parts still feel sticky. I grin at Diana's exuberance in smearing the honey on me and decide to have a shower then make coffee.

The water caresses, making me feel very alive as I clean the last vestiges of Diana's handy work away. My mind keeps dragging me back to just how the previous night made me feel. I never expected it to be so satisfying. In my experience, when you act out a fantasy the reality rarely matches up to the expectations, but last night had exceeded them. Mainly thanks to how well Janet and Diana had accepted what I had done.

I step out of the shower and wrap a towel around me. My robe is in the bedroom and I don't want to disturb the others until the coffee is done. I decide to wear just the towel to make coffee. After the adventure I had experienced the previous night, I feel overdressed.

Of course, the kitchen still looks like there has been a fight between two rival bee keepers in a BDSM club. I sigh. The worse thing about having a really wild fantasy is cleaning up afterwards.

I bite the bullet, knowing that before I go anywhere near the coffee maker, I need to clean up at least a little of the honey that Diana had managed to get on everything.

Happily, I have a steam cleaner to do the floor, which saves a lot of time and effort. I fill the tank and switch it on to heat up while I dismantle the bondage table. Flashes of the previous night burn brightly in my memory and I feel the warmth of arousal touch my body once more.

I bend forward to pick up the green apple gag off the floor and my towel slips a little. I smile again and let if fall away as I stand upright. It isn't the first time I have been nude in my kitchen, but today it feels different. Naughtier. Sexier.

I take the towel in to the sitting room and leave it on a chair, then return to the kitchen to clean up. I can't help but grin stupidly as I remove the spanking machine from the table, I wonder how it would feel if it had been spanking elsewhere on my body... my nipples... my clit.

Heat flushes between my legs and I feel a little light headed as a tiny climax touches my nervous system. My head spins and I need to take hold of the table to steady myself while I breath deeply.

With a little balance restored, I take the last item off the table. My special occasion toy. It feels heavy in my hands as I give it a clean with surgical wipes. I close my eyes once more as I remember the powerful throbbing it created inside me. It was always intense before but having someone else control it while I was totally helpless filled my body with an ache to be used again.

With a very shaky hand I place it back in its box. I wonder if my friends will still see me as Alice or as something different. I know I have crossed a very big line with them, but I needed them to know what really lights my fuse.

The coffee maker brewing away nicely while I am giving the floor a clean. My mind isn't really in the present space. I am too busy imagining what it would be like to be submissive to both Janet and Diana and I'm getting more and more aroused by the minute. I let my fingers caress my wet folds

"Now that's a pleasant view for first thing in the morning."

The voice cuts in to my hazy world of sexual fantasy like an ice pick. I let out a small squeal instinctively letting the hand that was teasing me cover my dampness.

"Someone's jumpy." Janet half jokes a slight look of concern on her face. "Is everything okay Alice?"

"Y-yes." I stammer, trying not to think about what had been running through my head. "Sorry I was miles away."

"Are you sure?" She asks. "I think I know you well enough to say it looks like you have something on your mind. Is it something about last night?"

As a distraction, I pour coffee for us both. Janet like hers strong enough to stand up without the mug, so I pour mine first before adding more coffee to hers.

"Oh coffee. Just what I need." Diana's light tone eases a little tension out of me. Her innocent attitude always makes me feel a little more balanced as she seems to know instinctively what I'm thinking, and I don't have to go in to depth in explanations.

I smile at her and pour out a very milky coffee with sugar, exactly how she loves it.

"You were telling me what the problem is." Janet says softly as she takes a sip of her coffee.

"Problem?" Diana chips in. "Is there a problem?"

The situation is surreal. I am still covering myself with one hand, while in my own kitchen. Janet and Diana both sit at the table that only a few hours ago I was strapped to and screaming out climax after climax.

I sit on one of the chairs opposite them, crossing my legs demurely. The cool wood of the chair reminds me of how damp I am as I make a slight squelch. I feel my face warm up a little.

My two closest friends are watching me intently. Janet slightly worried. Diana is wearing the expression she has when she is trying to solve a complex coding issue.

I open my mouth to say something, but no words come out, instead I sip my coffee, pretending to be in control.

"She's embarrassed." Diana says in her matter of fact tone.

"Embarrassed?" Janet echoes. "After what we have done together?"

Emotions well inside me. Things I have kept hidden, only allowing them to slip out in tiny traces during my normal every day existence.

"I get off on being dominated." I blurt out, my face is burning with shame. I have always tried to be the strong confident one of the three of us. The leader, the knowledge base, the alpha. Now I was admitting I was nothing like that. In truth I craved to be told how to behave. I had known this ever since Tina had found me nude on that rock climb, and had it confirmed when she stripped me and kept me naked for nearly a week.

I realise what I have said and clamp my hand over my mouth. I can taste my own arousal on my skin as I do so and a mixture of exhilaration and mortification washes over me.

"But you have always been in charge." Janet says her mouth open in surprise.

It is Diana who bridges the gap between what I can't say and what needs to be said. She stands and moves around the table, wrapping her arms around my bare shoulders. Her tousled auburn hair tickles my skin making me want to shudder in delight.

"I understand." She says and plants a kiss on my neck. "You've always had to be the leader, but just wanted to be led."

"Why haven't you said before honey?" Janet asks, Diana's simplistic explanation breaking through the shock.

Diana moves from my side to stand behind me, her arms still round my neck and hands resting just above my breasts, her fluffy gown gently teases my back and it feels beautiful.

I shrug, causing Diana's hands to slide over my skin sensually. "It just never seemed to be the right time." I explain. "Because of my size and strength people always assume I am dominant. It didn't really suit our dynamic for me to be submissive to start. Then I just didn't know how to break it to you."

"And that was what last night was about." Janet finishes for me, her eyes softening. "You just wanted to show us this side of you."

"You don't think less of me, do you?" I ask. I was fully prepared to pretend to be a dominant to keep my friends than be who I wanted to be and not have them.

A small soft hand tweaks one of my nipples. "Silly girl." Diana admonishes. "We think you will be a beautiful little submissive for us. Don't we Janet."

I could be wrong, but I was sure there was a tiny amount of pleading in Diana's voice, seeking reassurance off Janet.

When Janet took control of the proceedings the previous evening, I had seen a subtle change in her demeanour. A look of pride and responsibility. A similar chance flickered in her eye now.

"You two are my best and closest friends and I love you both." Janet says as she stands and walks around behind Diana.

I feel her arms wrap around us both grasping Diana's hands and guiding them over my breasts.

"If Alice wants to be submissive, then it is our duty as her friends to ensure she is kept safe." Janet finishes as she makes Diana's hands squeeze my nipples.

The next few minutes are hazy as I have a few tears in my eyes. I feel as though I have been finally recognised as who I am by my friends for the first time.

I also feel my nipples harden under Diana's hands as she gives them a playful tweak.

"And where do we go from here?" Diana asks.

There is a moments silence as we all wait for someone else to speak, then I feel Janet's arms stiffen as she realises she is now the alpha.

"We need to go over some rules and boundaries." Janet says standing up straight and releasing her hold on the two of us.

"Can I have a shower first?" Diana asks. "I'm so not awake until after a shower."

"Yes, of course Diana, I think I would like to get dressed as well." There was another break for a second. "Alice, it's your decision, are you happy remaining as you are?"

The question brought a lump to my throat. Janet was giving me a choice, and I wondered if I actually wanted to make it.

"I am content to be however you want me to be Miss Janet." I replied, and immediately pressed my thighs together as I felt a wash of arousal speed through my body. I am not sure if it was that movement that gave away my bodily reaction, but Janet noticed my excitement. Her eyes flickered over my naked body raising my inner heat more and more.

I could almost see the cogs turning in her head as she contemplated her power and responsibilities.

"If you remain naked will you play with yourself?" She asks very tenderly.

I heard Diana give a nervous giggle, obviously way out of her depth for any sensible input. I felt the corner of my mouth twitch. This was new to all of us and Janet had the hardest job, so it only seemed right I should give her a few clues.

"That would be a real risk." I replied, which wasn't a lie, I really wanted to bring myself off there and then. "You could always restrain my hands, so I can't." I felt my heart booming in my chest and I added hurriedly "Miss Janet."

"That's such a good idea." Diana burst in to the silence that broke out between Janet and me.

There was a small whirlwind of activity as Diana dragged a wooden chair noisily to the head of the table. "You sit here Alice."

I don't think anyone else heard it, but I am sure there was a click as our new roles fell in to place. Me as the submissive, Diana the ideas person, and Janet as the controlling force and the one who decided if things were okay to do.

"Diana." Janet said quietly. "Alice is still a person and we don't tell we ask."

"Sorry Janet. Sorry Alice." Diana gabbled, too caught up in her plans to slow down. "Alice can you sit here for me, and we will keep you from touching yourself."

There was an audible slurping noise as I stood, and I felt my skin burn once more. I take very short steps, so I don't betray my arousal any more than I already have and sit down in the chair that Diana positioned.

"Now Alice." Diana says politely. "If you place you arms on the table, we can hold you in place with this clever bar you have supplied."

My stomach immediately does several flips as I understand her plan. It had only been around eight or nine hours since I had been released from my bondage table, and already I was going to be trapped here again.

I have never felt such contentment.

Janet and Diana guide my arms in to position and I have to stand and bend over the table. My breasts rubbing against the rubber matting as I lean forwards. At least I wouldn't be kneeling on the table I mused.

Janet positioned the bar over my arms and carefully locks it down. "Comfortable?" She asked.

I nodded, my lips were too tightly pressed together to answer verbally.

Her hand softly rubbed against my bottom and gave it a light tap, almost a hint of the spank I desire.

"We will be back very soon Alice, if you are sure you can remain that way."

A very pleased smile is plastered on my face as I look up to her. "I am fine Miss Janet. I will be here when you return." Which was mad I know. As it was I couldn't go anywhere, and I was loving it.

Diana peeks over her shoulder as she exits the kitchen. By the way she was shuffling I guessed she was getting as aroused as I was, the only difference was she would be going to play with herself in the shower while I remained bent over the table, with my bare behind pointing towards the patio doors and the garden beyond.

That thought made my knees go weak. It would only take someone to walk around the rear of the house and they would get a very nice view of how vulnerable I was. I felt very alone at that point, it was one thing being helpless when Janet and Diana were a few feet away, but with them upstairs getting showered and changed, I feel completely helpless. My heart picks up speed, and the very familiar surge of adrenaline runs through me, which in turn sets my arousal off again and in moments my thighs are sticky with my own fluids. I try to bring myself some relief by rubbing my thighs together, but that just made me more aware of the slickness on my skin.

I want to grind my pelvis in to the edge of the table, anything to bring about a feeling of satisfaction, but with my arms locked in place I was just swish against thin air.

I hear a moan of despair, and realise it was coming from my own mouth.

The noise of the patio doors opening freezes the blood in my veins. A light breeze washes over my aroused skin stealing my breath. I try to turn my head to see who has opened the door but with my arms restrained I can't turn my head far enough.

A small soft hand brushes the skin of my back sending shudders along my spine.

"Relax a little Alice." Diana's voice whispers. "I thought it was only fair you should have a little fun."

Now I know who is behind me, the panic is immediately replaced by desire.

"I need to be touched." I gasp

I feel a very light slap on my behind. "Shouldn't that be, I need to be touched Miss Diana?"

My head spins. I don't know if it is the arousal or my realisation that I am at the mercy of someone with an IQ of genius level and a mental age of a teenager.

"I'm sorry Miss Diana. I'm too horny to think straight." I manage to say.

A finger runs over my labia making me shiver in anticipation.

"Yes, I can tell you are very horny." A very wet finger hovers in front of my mouth to prove the point. "Do you want to taste yourself?" Diana asks.

Her voice is still the same, innocent and almost childlike, but maddingly alluring. I desperately suck the offered digit, relishing the taste of myself.

The finger is removed from my mouth, and I hear a soft humming as Diana busies herself out of my line of sight. I can sense her moving around the kitchen behind me and when something cold and hard touches my thigh, I go as ridge as a board. I can hear metal on metal, and an object lightly touches my clit. I moan softly wanting penetration, but not getting it.

"I love your toy." Diana tells me from under the table. "It's very big. I bet it fills you right up."

"Please Miss Diana." I ask as nicely as I can muster. "I need to feel it."

A tuft of auburn hair pops in to sight followed by Diana's grinning face. She is enjoying herself, and I feel a huge kick out of her delight. I have never felt so complete, giving my body to someone else for their pleasure fulfils my needs nearly as much as the climax I yearn for.

"I would love to bury that big hard shaft in you." Diana whispers in my ear, her breath tickling my oversensitive skin. "But I think you should just be teased for now."

My heart plummets. I don't know what she has planned, but I fear I was going to remain exactly where I was and not receive any immediate satisfaction.

She slips my phone in to my fingers. "If you want to call red, dial me."

I realise Diana is wearing my kimono, it looks like a tent on her small frame, but the sight of her wearing my clothes whilst I was naked steals my breath.

"Do you like my new robe?" She asks teasingly opening the front to show a milky thigh and the hint of the red bush that she hides. "There are lots of clothes upstairs I like, and it isn't like you're going to need many."

As she finished her sentence she winks again and flicks a switch on a socket. The vision of her swishing out of the door in a shimmer of black silk, is lost as my steel toy begins to vibrate madly. Diana has set it up so that it is just brushing my skin, tantalisingly close but just out of reach of my soaking pussy. I manage a little whimper.

I can feel the movement of the air caused by the vibrations, cool against my hot flesh, and I thrust myself as far forwards as I can. The very tip of my toy brushes delightfully against my clit sending wave after wave of pleasure through me. As I began to feel the first touches of a building climax, I can't help but relax my legs a little, and the teasing stops as my body moves away.

I moan in frustration as the tingle dies away again. I know I can't hold myself in position long enough to incite a full climax, I will just be able to torment myself, nothing more.

A grin spreads across my face. This is exactly what I had longed for.

I spend close to an hour bent over the table, trying to bring myself to climax. By the time Janet and Diana returned, I am covered with perspiration and my own fluids and I am crying out for some form of sexual release.

I think there are a few words between Janet and Diana. I'm not really in touch with reality now, it's only the cessation of the vibrations that slowly draws me in to a state of coherence.

My arms are released from their bindings and nearly collapse in to the waiting chair. Janet places a steaming mug of coffee in front of me and with shaking hands I somehow manage to get it to my mouth without spilling any.

The hot liquid goes a little way to bringing me back to my senses. My entire body is as taught as a wire and trembling with tension.

"I'm sorry Alice." Janet begins. "Diana wasn't supposed to leave you like that. The intention was that you would be in a fit state to discuss house rules."

I blink away the residue of my tears and look up to them both, a tired smile on my lips. "It is fine Miss Janet." I assure. "I enjoyed what Miss Diana did immensely."

Janet's hand touches my knee softly. "I know you did Alice, but Miss Diana need to understand there has to be rules." She glances at Diana who looks very crestfallen. "You taught us that."

"I'm sorry Alice." Diana says softly. "I got carried away."

I admit, I love Janet to bits, we have always met on a level I've never experienced with any one else. We had always joked we are reflections of each other, similar insecurities, similar scars, different reasons. Diana however has always been able to wrap us both around her fingers. And she didn't even do it intentionally. Where Janet and I were devils with a hint of angel, Diana was an angel with a hint of devil.

"It is my fault Miss Diana." I grin at her. "I could easily have called red but chose not to as I wanted it just as much as you did."

The tension in the room dissolves.

"Are you up to talking things through?" Janet questions. She is still unsure of her new position, but I can tell she is taking it seriously.
