 Pamela Jean Armstrong stepped out of the elevator and toward the double glass doors with a purposeful strike in her step. The twenty-four-year-old blond paused for a moment as she checked her reflection in the glass, then opened the right door, stepping into the offices of Dawson, Davis and Douglas. 

The clock on the wall read nine fifty, but the recently promoted Account Manager knew very well that no one was going to make any reference to her being late. Just as no one was ever going to tell her that the hem of her skirt or the deep cut of her neckline was more than simple office decorum dictated. 

Quickly she passed down the long row of cubicles, knowing that every pair of eyes looked up as she passed. And why shouldn't they, she thought. After all, she was a very attractive woman. Most men would say beautiful.

It didn't seem like all too long ago that she had been one of the girls in the cubicles. Just another nameless, faceless nobody, slaving away nine to five. That might be all right for these losers, she thought, but Pamela Jean knew she was destined for better things. She was a girl who knew how to make the most of her assets. To get the most for what she had to offer. 

Pamela had just reached the end of the row when she heard a voice call out from behind her. She couldn't be sure, but she'd bet even money that the voice had been that of Mary Sue Cox. Mary had started at Triple D over two years before her and had worked her way up to the Supervisor of the secretarial pool. In far less time, Pam had advanced far beyond that with a lot less effort. 

The voice had said one single word.

"Slut!"

Most women would've taken the accusation as the highest insult. Pamela Jean however reveled in the label. She had learned early teens that she had a body that men wanted. A body that they were willing to pay greatly to possess, if only temporarily. 

It started out simply enough back in high school. A boy might do her homework for the chance to look down her blouse. Even more, he might well do a research project to feel her breasts. Pamela had been fortunate enough to developed quite early and continue to do so until her bust rounded out at a 36C. Those that really went above and beyond might even get the chance to see them braless.

But it was in senior year, shortly after her eighteenth birthday, that Pam discovered the real power. It was then that she discovered sex.

Her teacher had been her cousin Margo, a girl two years her senior. Using a banana as a prop, she'd taught the teenager how to give a blowjob. From that day on, Pam had wanted for almost nothing. A year later, she graduated to actual sex and the benefits gained increased even more. 

Of course the other girls talked about her then, just as they did now. The men however, tripped over themselves to be with her. She also made another important discovery by the time she was a senior. Older men had a lot more to give, and married men were the best because they gave to be with you, then gave even more so their wives never found out.

From High School she moved onto College, where her grades benefited more from late afternoon blowjobs and weekend fucks than any actual work. Many of her professors were more than willing to trade a passing grade for a willing young piece of ass. 

No, Pamela wasn't offended by being called a slut; she wore it with pride. At least she had the sense to use the gifts she'd been born with to get ahead, she always reminded herself. 

The red-garbed young woman reached her objective, the small row of offices that housed the firm's senior and junior Vice-Presidents. The third office in line belonged to Paul Michael Ryan. He was the Vice-President in charge of her area, as well as her lover.

Pamela's big break to break out of the secretarial pool had come a year and a half ago. Ryan's Executive Secretary, a fifty-four year old battleaxe who seemed like she'd been with the firm forever, had been hospitalized for acute appendicitis. The then twenty-two-year-old hadn't been filling in for a week when she'd convinced Mr. Ryan of her superior dictation abilities. 

Even after Jacqueline Bradley returned to work, Paul Ryan was always finding ways to include Pam on special projects. It wasn't long before she found herself promoted to Secretarial Assistant, handling most of the low level jobs that Jacqueline didn't have time for. 

Of course by this time, she was screwing the fifty-two year old Ryan two to three times a week. If amazed her at times how much sexual energy the silver-gray haired businessman had during their trysts. Or how adventurous his sexual quirks had become over the course of their affair.

Yet Pamela Jean had never been one to complain about any of his requests, at least not so far. Not whenever he came up with something new for them to try, he always rewarded her enthusiasm with some new gift. A gift that was usually something quite expensive.

Just this weekend, Paul had expressed to her a desire to try anal sex. He had shown up at her apartment somewhat unexpectedly very late Saturday night and in something of a state. He'd told Pamela that he'd had a blowout fight with his wife and could he spend the night with her. At the same time, he insinuated that divorce might be in the future. With that carrot being held before her, there was no way she wasn't going to give in to his request.

Pamela Jean had never tried anal sex before, thinking that it would really hurt. She had been right, oh how she had been right. Paul Ryan wasn't the most endowed of men. In fact, if she was to be brutally honest, she found he was somewhat on the small size. 

Despite that, he had fucked her ass with a painful vengeance. He acted as if this was going to be the last fuck of his life. She'd asked him to take it a little easier, but each time he seemed to get more and more aggressive. It was as if he was working off some anger and she was his punching bag. No, make that his fucking bag. By the time they'd done it for the fourth time late Sunday afternoon, Pamela's ass was as sore as she could ever had imagined. 

Walking into Paul's office, Pamela tried to ignore Jacqueline Bradley sitting at her desk in the outer office and started to head right for the inner office.

"Excuse me, you can't go in there." Jacqueline said as she rose from her desk to block Pamela's way. "Mr. Davis is in there."

The mention of one of the senior partners gave Pamela pause. Walking in on a meeting between him and Paul wouldn't be a smart idea.

"I'll just wait then." Pamela said defiantly as she turned and dropped into one of the large comfortable chairs on the far wall.

Jacqueline returned to her desk and picked up the report she had been working on. She read a little more of it and a broad smile filled her face. The older woman looked up at Pamela, waiting until they made eye contact.

"Now what the hell is that old bitch grinning at." Pamela though when she became aware of her gaze.

Pamela smiled back, a wicked grin that said she was the one with the power. Paul's original Executive Secretary had retired due to illness some three years before and Jacqueline took her place. Her own boss had also recently retired unexpectedly. 

Pam knew Jacqueline had held her in contempt for months. Ever since the night the older woman had come back to the office to pick up some papers from her desk. The Executive Secretary had heard sounds from the inner office and thinking Ryan was working late for some reason, popped her head in to see if he needed something.

Anything Ryan needed at that moment was more than being provided by Pamela Jean. The newly promoted Secretarial Assistant was spread face down over the large mahogany desk, her white dress up around her waist and her panties down around one ankle. Ryan was standing behind Pamela, his back to the door. His shirt and jacket were scattered on the floor; his pants were down around his own ankles. 

Jacqueline kept silent as she watched for a few moments as Ryan's bare ass moved back and forth; his cock buried deep in his new assistant's pussy. It was at that moment that Pamela had shifted her head to the left and seen her at the door. Evidently, Pam wasn't as into what was happening as Paul Ryan was and had heard the door open. 

Pamela had flashed her a "don't you wish it was you" smile and called out for Ryan to fuck her harder. By the time her boss increased his efforts to comply, Jacqueline was long gone.

"I bet she still wishes it was her getting screwed that night," Pamela thought as a still smiling Jacqueline went back to her report. "As if anyone would want to screw that old bag. I'll bet she hadn't been laid since Nixon was President, if even then."

Ten minutes went by as Pamela sat cooling her heels and Jacqueline went on reading her report. All the time, her smile grew larger and larger. Finally, the door opened and out came the senior partner.

"You handle it anyway you like," John Davis said as the tall sixty-nine-year-old exited the inner office, still looking inside as he walked. "You're in total charge now and we have every confidence in your ability to take care of this."

Seeing a chance to perhaps advance herself more, Pamela jumped up and rushed over to Mr. Davis. Turning his head forward as he moved, he only caught sight of her at the last moment before he crashed into her. As it was, he found himself looking right down at Pam's well-displayed breasts.

"Mr. Davis, hello," Pam said as she took a long, deep breath to further emphasize her large mounds. "I'm Pamela Armstrong, we met at the Christmas party last year."

John Davis turned his eyes away from the blonde's chest without any reaction. The bald old man merely nodded a goodbye to Jacqueline and walked out of the room.

"Goddamn old queer didn't even react." Pam thought in a mixture of disappointment and anger as she watched him snub her and leave. "If he still gets it up, I bet it's from watching little boys."

Watching Davis leave, Pam didn't notice Jacqueline dial the interoffice on her telephone.

"Miss Armstrong is here to see you." she finally heard Jacqueline say.

The Executive Secretary took what Pamela considered far too long on the phone. Acting as if she was listening to something on the other end. The younger woman was sure she was just taking a perverse pleasure in making her wait just a little longer.

"You can go in now, Miss Armstrong." Jacqueline said in a professional tone as she hung up the phone. 

"Of course." Pamela said, trying to exert her real authority. "As if I ever needed to ask for an appointment," she mentally added. "Just you wait, you old bitch, pretty soon I'm going to convince Paul to get rid of you for good. Then we'll see if you still have that stupid grin on your face."

As the inner door closed behind Pamela, Jacqueline Ann Bradley had to cover her face. In all her thirty plus years at Dawson, Davis and Douglas, never had she acted in anything other than a professional manner. This time, she could no longer keep from expressing an urge that had been building inside of her since the moment that Pamela had arrogantly walked into the office. Cupping her hands around her mouth to keep the sound from spreading too far, the fifty-four year old woman began to laugh. 

* * * * * * *

"Good Morning Paul," Pam said as she strode into the room. "I hope you're feeling as good as I am this morning. Of course we both know who's responsible for my feeling so good."

Paul's high back executive chair was turned around facing the window so she couldn't see the reaction on his face. Nevertheless, she knew he loved it when she pumped up his ego. Not as much as he loved her pumping up other things of course.

The large chair turned in reaction to her presence. Pamela Jean put on her best smile; a happy face that quickly turned to confusion as the chair completed its turn.

"I'm afraid Paul isn't here." the forty-three-year-old woman sitting there said.

Pamela's face dropped as she looked into the face of Victoria Baxter, the youngest of the firm's Vice-Presidents. Victoria headed the legal division and was rumored to be the senior partner's hatchet lady. Five seven with a trim proportional figure, she had curly light brown hair and deep brown eyes. She was, most people would say, quite attractive for her age. 

"Where's Paul?" Pamela asked, a slight bit of annoyance in her voice.

"I'm afraid that Mr. Ryan is no longer with us here at Triple D." Victoria said with an equal bit of satisfaction.

"What?" Pamela said in shock. "How, when?"

Victoria took a few long moments before giving any answer, enjoying the look of panic on Pamela's face.

"Well as to the when," she began with a satisfied smile. "Mr. Ryan and the firm parted ways last Friday afternoon."

"Friday afternoon!" Pamela's mind screamed. "Friday afternoon."

The realization that Paul had spent the weekend with her, never telling her that he'd left the company made her face turn pale. All of that crap about a fight with his wife and a possible divorce had been just that - crap.

Victoria noted Pamela's reaction and knew the reason why. Jim Stanton over in Marketing was a long time drinking and whoring buddy of Ryan's. He was also someone who owed Victoria quite a few markers. Ryan had met him last night for one last drink and couldn't help brag about how he'd screwed his office toy one last time. Victoria wondered if Pam's ass was still sore.

"As to the why," Victoria continued after giving Pam enough time for the implications to sink in. "Internal audit has been doing a review of Mr. Ryan's expenses for quite some time now, and they'd found enough irregularities to warrant an investigation."

"An investigation?" Pamela asked, worry in her voice. "Irregularities?"

"Well let's just say that Mr. Ryan was a little too liberal in his use of company funds for personal expenses and leave it at that."

The blonde's mind flashed to all the little gifts Paul had given her over the last year. Those and the two-week-long vacation they had taken together. Paul had made a big joke one morning after they'd finished rocking the sheets that they should discussion some current projects so he could claim the trip was a business expense. At the time at least, she had thought it was a joke.

"Is Paul going to jail?" Pamela asked, the panic still racing through her.

"It was a consideration," Victoria said. "But the Executive Board decided the negative publicity wasn't worth it. Especially after Mr. Ryan offered to make full restitution and then quietly resign."

A wave of relief passed over the twenty-four-year-old. Paul Ryan might have turned out to be a first class prick, but she still wouldn't want to see him wind up in jail. He'd used her, she now realized, just as she had used him. He'd gotten what he wanted, just as she had gotten what she'd wanted. It had been a fair enough exchange.

"The partner's have decide that I will now be taking over Mr. Ryan's responsibilities in addition to my own." Victoria offered as a last bit of information.

The thought that she was now working for this cold woman made Pamela shudder. It was time to get out of here, she thought.

"Well I'm sure you have a lot to do then." Pam quickly said as she began to turn to leave. "Please feel free to call on me if you need anything from me, anything at all."

"One minute, Miss Armstrong." Victoria said loudly in an authoritative tone that caused the younger woman to pause in midstep, a cold hand gripping her heart.

Time hung suspended as Pamela hesitantly turned back around.

"Actually it's fortunate that you came in here this morning," Victoria said, a slight smile at the curve of her lips. "It saves me the trouble of sending for you. It seems that you are the first order of business our departed Mr. Ryan has left me with."

"Excuse me." Pamela said.

"Miss Bradley," Victoria said into the phone she had picked up. "Would you please bring me the Robinson file."

"The Robinson file?" Pamela thought. "What does she want with the Robinson file?"

Robinson Dynamics was the first account she had handled after her promotion. It was a pretty simple transaction, one of the reasons Paul had assigned it to her. One she couldn't fuck up was actually the way he had put it.

The office door opened and Jacqueline walked in, file in hand. Pamela now realized that had been the file the Secretary had been reading in the outer office. She handed Victoria the thick file then turned to leave just as quickly. As she passed Pamela, still standing in the middle of the office, Jacqueline flashed her another little smile.

As the door closed behind the older woman, Victoria took a few minutes to look through the pages of the large binder. She made no attempt to offer Pam a seat and the Account Manager decided simply taking one might be a bad move.

Having her stand rather than sit, waiting for Victoria to finish checking the report was a physiological tactic Pam finally decided. A little something to keep her off balance. She dimly remembered something like that from one of her college classes, one of the few she actually had to pay attention to as it had a female professor. Pamela wished she remembered more about it but as it was she barely got a passing grade in the course. Whatever it was, she finally decided, it was working.

With a deep sign of astonishment, Victoria closed the files and turned her full attention back to Pamela. If she looked close enough, she might have been able to pick out the small beads of perspiration forming on the many exposed parts of the younger woman's body.

"When Paul Ryan promoted you out of the bullpen," Victoria started in a cold professional tone, referring to the cubicle space in the outer offices. "No one in upper management had any real illusions about why he had done it. We were well aware of the problems he was having in his personal life and willing to allow him a certain latitude as it were in his dealings with you. Triple D policy has always been to give their employees, regardless of their position, pretty much a free reign as long as their relationships weren't detrimental to the good of the company and of course consensual. From what we were able to observe, and I have to say it wasn't that hard to do so in your case, your relationship with Ryan was actually to the advantage to the company, at least initially. Ryan was happy again and even better at his job we'd have to admit. It was also quite obvious that your participation was not only consensual, but highly enthusiastic."

Pamela couldn't argue with anything Victoria had said so far. All of it was true.

"It did however raise some concern when you were suddenly promoted to be an Account Manager." Victoria continued. "It was felt that you lacked the experience for such a position. Still we wanted to give Ryan's judgment the benefit of the doubt. However, just to be on the safe side, they assigned an observer to keep an eye on you."

"Observer read spy." Pamela thought.

"Which brings us to the Robinson account." said Victoria as she pulled a sheet of paper from the folder and read from it. "Our original proposal was for Robinson Dynamics to buy 15 Stonewell K-7 modules from Triple D for fifteen thousand each. As an added incentive, we were going to include six months free maintenance on the modules. The motivation being that they would later buy another 15 in six months, this time without the free maintenance. Was this the understanding you had when you were given the account?"

"Yes," Pamela said defensively. "And in the end I convinced the head of their aerospace division to buy 30 modules in one purchase instead, guaranteeing that we made the sale."

What Pam didn't add to her response was the fact that she had closed the deal at three in the morning in the bed of Robinson's representative. They had a business dinner in which he spent half the dinner looking down her dress.
