 The first rays of morning sunshine peeked through the large windows of the bedroom, alighting on the two sleeping forms loosely curled against each other underneath the thin, navy sheets. The downy comforter of light blue had been tossed off sometime during the night, but no one seemed to mind. One of them, however, did seem to mind the sunlight.

Samantha frowned in her sleep, her arms tightening slightly around her lover's waist. Suddenly, her eyes opened with a start as she lifted her head to glance blearily at the window. With even more alarm at the unfamiliar room, she sat up, the sheet falling to her waist. The morning air chilled her naked skin, bringing tiny goose bumps prickling on her arms and legs and causing her nipples to harden slightly. She couldn't help but shiver, though the coolness did help awaken her senses a little.

Sam finally glanced down at her lover to see Meaghan smiling up at her in a lazy, sleepy sort of way. "Is everything all right?" Meaghan asked quietly, her soprano voice just a touch husky. She pulled an arm out from under the sheets and pressed her fingers against Sam's hip, her hand curling around the soft curve before she slowly drew her fingertips up along Samantha's lean torso.

Samantha shivered once more and gave the other woman a shaky but genuine smile. "I'm fine," she assured just as Meaghan's hand cupped one pert breast, her fingers warm against Sam's skin. Meaghan ran her thumb gently around the areola making the nipple harden all the more. Samantha gave a soft gasp, her eyes half-closing as her lover clasped the nipple between two fingers, pinching lightly as she ran her thumb across it.

"Oh, you are too much," Samantha breathed, giving a shaky laugh as she collapsed to the pillows beside the other woman. She quickly leaned in, her arm sneaking underneath the sheet again to curl around Meaghan's waist, her head lowering until just inches away. Sam's brown eyes drank in Meaghan's vivid green for a short moment before they both smiled like children receiving an unexpected present. Their lips met, but gently at first, savoring the soft sensation.

Samantha held Meaghan tightly, her athletic arms wrapping possessively around Meaghan's small waist. Meaghan's body felt so soft, so sensual, so entirely forbidden. And yet here she was, pressed against Samantha's lean frame, her fair, white skin a gentle contrast to Sam's tones of olive with touches of tan in the usual places.

Meaghan's hand moved around Sam's stomach until she could pull the woman closer, her other hand reaching up to glide across Samantha's forehead, down her cool temple and across one downy cheek to tangle lightly in Sam's light brown hair. The ponytail had disappeared sometime during the night, leaving a soft indentation. Meaghan's fingers played idly along the gentle groove as she drowsily drank in the carpenter's tousled appearance. When her bright emerald eyes saw Samantha's looking back at her, Meaghan smiled warmly and gripped Sam's hair a little more firmly, her thumb brushing across a downy temple once more. She slowly leaned in and grazed her lips against Sam's, nipping playfully at the lower lip.

That simple caress simply added to the slowly awakening passion, the kiss deepening as Samantha pressed her hand against Meaghan's back before drawing it down to curl around the gentle curve of the woman's hip, pulling against the thigh and drawing Meaghan's leg up and around her own. Samantha then drew back slightly, her lips trailing kisses slowly along Meaghan's jaw line, lingering at the neck.

Meaghan gave a quiet, gasping moan as her hands slid down Sam's sides, hugging her subtle curves and letting her fingers play against the other woman's toned body. As her hands reached Sam's hips, Meaghan held them tightly and slowly drew her other leg up between Sam's thighs until she could feel the moist junction against her skin. Samantha groaned, her eyes shutting tightly as she pressed her body against Meaghan and nuzzled against the other woman's soft neck. Meaghan lifted her hips slightly, rubbing her leg a little harder against her lover's sensitive spot.

A soft hiss came from Samantha as she drew up then kissed Meaghan deeply, her tongue probing inside to delicately explore. She rolled to her side and took the other woman with her, pulling the smaller woman on top of herself. Meaghan's auburn hair fell to mingle with Samantha's brown as she pressed her lips to the carpenter's cheek, her lips brushing slowly along the woman's jaw until her tongue darted out, tasting the salty tang of Samantha's tanned neck. Her breasts pushed against the other woman's as her hands once again slid down to Samantha's hips, her thigh still pushed against the woman's damp folds, the heat like a gentle furnace radiating against Meaghan's skin.

Meaghan slowly slid down the soft sheets beneath her lover and pressed her lips to Samantha's breast, kissing gently down the outside before nudging it with her nose, her tongue darting out to caress the downy skin along the bottom crease. Sam's mouth opened in silent pleasure as her eyes closed dreamily, her fists clenching against the sheets as she began to stroke her increasingly moist folds across Meaghan's thigh in a slowly building rhythm, taking on a frantic pace as Meaghan seized the woman's hardened nipple in her mouth.

The puckered skin of the areola teased Meaghan's lips as she pressed them around the rigid nub, her tongue flicking once against the stiffened tissue. She slowly increased the pressure surrounding Samantha's nipple as she brought a hand up to caress the woman's other breast, savoring the exceptionally soft feel against her fingertips as her thumb toyed with the neglected nipple. She let her other hand trail slowly from Samantha's hip to tease the underside of the carpenter's thigh, bringing a light shower of goose bumps. As her hand slid farther around Samantha's leg, Meaghan could feel the heat coming from the woman's pussy just within reach. Her lips curved into a smile around Samantha's tight little nipple. She gave it a playful nip before she began sliding yet further down, her mouth leaving a sizzling path of kisses across the woman's abdomen.

Samantha was practically in a frenzied state of mind by now. Meaghan's teasing was going to drive her mad. As she felt the woman's thigh move away from her pulsing clitoris, Samantha gave out an exquisitely tortured groan, though the sound took on a suddenly different tone towards the end. Gasping, she leaned down just enough to look past her softly throbbing breasts to see Meaghan sliding her tongue up against that little hub of pleasure.

"My God, Meaghan, you're going to drive me insane," Samantha moaned, her body tensing.

"Mmm... maybe next time," Meaghan answered as she raised her head for a moment to glance up along Samantha's body to give the woman a wink. The hot breath moving across Samantha's pussy gave her another thrill of agonized pleasure as a shudder ran through her body. Meaghan seemed to sense this, and slowly pushed her tongue deep into Samantha's sweltering folds, the scent of that glistening skin causing her own body to heat.

She slowly drew her tongue out and up along those soft, slick valleys, savoring the experience with heady delight. It had been much, much too long. There was simply no comparison, she thought to herself as the tip of her tongue met the throbbing little nodule hidden within those flushed folds.

Samantha's moans took on a fevered pitch, her voice a near cry when she felt that stab of pleasure. Her hips bucked, smothering herself against that invading, teasing, heavenly tongue.

Meaghan increased her pace, spurred on by her lover's response. She traced her hand along the inside of Samantha's thigh until she slowly pressed two of her fingers into the woman's hot, trembling depths. Already wet for some time now, her fingers met no resistance. Samantha's pussy gave a soft tremor as Meaghan began working her fingers in a tempo to match the quickening pulses of those gasping walls. Her tongue flicked against the tiny clit before she pressed her lips around it, suckling for an intense moment before rubbing the tip of her tongue from her fingers back to Sam's blazing nub. At the last heated kiss from Meaghan's lips, Samantha screamed, her head falling to the bed as she ground her pulsing mound against Meaghan's mouth.

Meaghan continued to press her fingers into the throbbing opening, only slowing after Samantha's orgasm passed its crest and began to tumble down into rolling waves of pure pleasure. She slowly withdrew, savoring the sticky, sweet aroma as Samantha rolled over and collapsed onto the bed, her eyes closed in exhausted bliss as her chest rose and fell with satisfyingly labored breath.

Meaghan pulled herself back up along the clammy sheets and fell onto the pillow with a satisfied smile. She watched Samantha shudder through aftershocks of pleasure, and brought her fingers to her lips, still saturated with Samantha's juices. Inhaling deeply, Meaghan stuck the two fingers into her mouth and began licking them clean with slow strokes of her tongue.

Samantha finally reopened her eyes just in time to watch, her gaze dreamy in a way that caught Meaghan's breath for a second. She slowly removed the fingers from her mouth and smiled across at Samantha.

Sam laughed, her brown eyes twinkling in the increasingly bright rays of morning light. "You've got a little something on your cheek," she whispered, then leaned in to kiss Meaghan soundly. She drew away slightly, but only so she could run her tongue across that downy cheek, tenderly cleaning off her own juices before continuing down to Meaghan's jaw line, breathing in that strange mixture that was Meaghan's scent and her own.

Meaghan practically purred, her eyelids falling as she enjoyed the soft sensation while trying to ignore those same bright beams that made it seem as if Samantha were glowing softly. "I don't know how I'm going to be able to get anything done today," she murmured, her head rocking back as Samantha nuzzled against her neck, "knowing you're upstairs."

There was a sudden, strange noise interrupting the perfect morning, though they both chose to ignore it.

"I'm lucky we'll be doing nothing more than stripping today," Samantha replied. Then in surprise, they both laughed softly at the possible implications of that statement. "Sorry," the carpenter murmured as she reached out to brush her fingers through Meaghan's auburn hair.

Meaghan simply continued to smile, wishing the peaceful hour would last forever. They both heard the unmistakable sounds of a household waking up, however, and gave a collective sigh. They no longer had the old house to themselves.

"Mind if I borrow your shower?" Samantha asked, leaning in to kiss Meaghan's lips for a moment before pushing herself to her knees, a rosy hue still coloring her chest as she slid from the bed. "The guys have no illusions as to my innocence or inclinations, but even they might get a little edgy with certain, uh... situations."

Meaghan blushed, though her smile stayed right where it was. "No, of course. It's right through there," she replied with a light voice that sounded so cheerful to her own ears, she almost didn't recognize it.

Samantha quickly disappeared through the door to the small, private bathroom, leaving Meaghan to contemplate the night and its aftermath with dreamy consideration. Her eyes began to close as she let a hand run idly down her stomach to tangle lightly against her small bush of kinky dark hair. A crooked little grin slowly spread, and she slid from the bed, shivering lightly in the morning air.

Taking her robe from the closet near the bed, she slipped into the bathroom where Samantha was already in the shower, the warm air steaming easily. Meaghan held the robe closed and watched Samantha's vague silhouette through the frosted glass. Even now, the carpenter's body was obviously lean and trim, athletic, and yet so feminine at the same time. Her pert breasts rose slightly, and Meaghan could sometimes make out a pointed nipple. Further down, the straight waist gave way to the slight curve of the woman's hips, accented by the strip of dark hair.

Meaghan fought the urge to interrupt Samantha's shower, knowing the rest of the carpentry crew would be arriving shortly. She sighed and backed out of the small bathroom, taking a seat at the small desk adjacent to the wall of windows. Looking into the broad mirror, she pulled her hair into a loose bun and fixed it there with a wide, silver clip. She tucked the last stray hairs out of the way, then studied her reflection for a moment, particularly fascinated with the smile she hadn't seen much of in quite some time.

At that thought, the smile unfortunately faded slightly, which is when Samantha reappeared. She had toweled off, but left the towel in the bathroom. Meaghan took another opportunity to study the other woman, again finding herself grinning uncontrollably. "You really are gorgeous, you know that?" she told the carpenter's reflection before turning on the small chair to face Sam once more.

Samantha found herself struggling with a self-conscious tug that she tried to ignore. Instead, she laughed lightly and turned away to peer through the windows now suffused with morning sunlight. "That's something I could get used to," she murmured quietly before glancing down at Meaghan again. Reaching out, she touched the tips of her fingers to Meaghan's cheek, then bent down to touch kiss her ever so gently.

Meaghan's eyes drifted shut as she breathed in deeply, picking up the muted scent of her lavender soap and a whiff of something that was purely Samantha. Meaghan sighed gently as Samantha pulled away. Look up at the carpenter and seeing that lean body in the sunlight, she could only shake her head and smile. "A shame I can't keep you all day." She rose to her feet and just wrapped her arms around Samantha's shoulders, holding the other woman tightly. Meaghan rose up on her toes to whisper quietly, "Thank you."

Surprised, Samantha could do little more than wrap her arms in turn around Meaghan, her hands spreading against the woman's warm back. Her brown eyes closed for a moment as she bowed her head, resting her lips against the curve of the smaller woman's neck. She kissed Meaghan gently, then pulled back just enough to kiss those drowsy lips once more. Both women then turned to peer out the windows at the sound of a truck coming up the gravel path. Samantha gave a short, unenthusiastic laugh. "I'd better get going. Is it okay if I grab some coffee in the kitchen?"

Meaghan nodded quickly and stepped away, letting her hands fall with a regretful look. "There are probably muffins, too. Help yourself." She leaned casually against the back of her chair as she watched Samantha quickly throw on the clothes from yesterday. As the carpenter began to tug on her boots, Meaghan walked over towards the bed and took a seat behind Samantha. She leaned over to grab the woman's hair band from the nightstand and started gathering Samantha's damp hair in her hands. With nimble fingers that had obviously done this sort of thing before, she smoothed the hair into a ponytail once more and gathered it in with the hair band. Satisfied with her work, she scooted back a little onto the bed.

Samantha turned to regard Meaghan for a long moment, a grin appearing crookedly as the carpenter reached out to stroke her finger once down Meaghan's smooth, white leg. "You know where to find me," is all she said as she got to her feet. Quick steps brought her to the door where she turned once to look at Meaghan one last time, her smile both thoughtful and reminiscent. She then left without another word to find the rest of her crew and get on with the day's work.

Meaghan watched the door for quite a few minutes, a dreamy, half-lidded expression on her face. She finally slid off the bed and took her own shower, thoughts for the day mingling with memories of last night in a most distracting manner.

* * * 

Samantha climbed the stairs to the second floor, a mug of coffee steaming away in one hand. She had a far-off look on her face that a couple of the guys immediately commented on, followed by some friendly bantering about trying to get on their patron's good side. Sam went along with it for the most part, then directed the crew to their jobs while she took to stripping the old, cracking paint from the window frames.

She was able to lose herself in her work for the most part, though now and then she found herself frozen, staring into nothing with her hands motionless on her tools. She would then blush a little and glance around quickly, though most of her small crew was elsewhere. With a small bout of reminders to keep her mind where it should be, she would then go right on as if nothing had happened.

It wasn't until lunchtime rolled around that Samantha became aware of a dull tingling in her breasts and pussy. She did not need to check to know she was already more than a little damp. Sam muttered a quiet oath under her breath and rested her head against the rough surface of stripped wood, her eyes shut tightly. When she opened them, she saw Meaghan in the yard below, watching her. The tingle intensified like the increasing whine of an old radio, making Samantha clench her fist around the paint-scraper to keep from rubbing at her now tender nipples.

To make things worse, Meaghan smiled and waved up at her. The woman looked even more petite from the second floor window. Meaghan was carrying a small basket, Samantha realized vaguely, just as the woman below crooked her finger once, winked, and began to walk off down a rough-stoned path towards an old barn.

Sam backed away from the window a couple steps, still able to see those swaying hips as Meaghan walked away. "I'm heading off for lunch," the carpenter called out towards her crew in the next room. One of them replied with something she didn't quite catch, but Samantha was already setting her tools aside and heading for the stairs.

She saw no one on her way to the back door where she slipped out into the cool air. The early spring weather had delivered another cool, damp day, and Samantha almost regretted not grabbing her jacket from the passenger seat in her truck. However, she could easily see the barn from here, so with a furtive look to either side, she quickly set off, keeping up a brisk pace just short of jogging.

The side door to the barn was slightly ajar, so Samantha slipped inside, fighting to keep herself from shivering. The scents of fresh hay and horses surrounded the carpenter, and the only sounds were those of the handful of horses stabled inside.

Samantha wrapped her arms around herself as she stepped in a little further, glancing up and down the clean-swept row. She was about to call out when she felt a hand on her shoulder. With a start, she spun around, only to stare down into a familiar, stunning pair of emerald eyes.

Meaghan smiled at Samantha as she reached up to rest a finger against the other's lips. "Now, now. Don't startle the horses, dear." She winked, then turned and started to climb the ladder built into the wall. "It's warmer in the hayloft," she called down over her shoulder before disappearing above.

With a shake of her head and a crooked smile, Samantha had no choice but to follow. The hayloft looked like any other hayloft with bales stacked against the walls and near the square trapdoors at either end of the barn. Stray pieces were scattered about the floor, but the long room was obviously as well tended as the area below.

Sam crawled onto the floor and brushed a couple pieces of hay from her knees before spotting Meaghan nearby. The other woman had spread blankets on a couple bales, and a small wicker basket was set between the two.
