 (Part 2)

Heaven Beside You

Alice fidgeted slightly, pressing her wet leather enclosed mound in to the back of the wooden chair. She hummed in a semi desperate way as the vibrator held inside her by the tightfitting leather underwear began is half hourly cycle.

I had been a fairly fun day. Janet had needed to visit a relation for a few days, and Alice had volunteered to call round to her house to water the plants in her greenhouse. As Janet was on her way back, Alice had decided to create a nice welcome home present.

Firstly, she plugged a timer in to a power socket and set it to come on in three hours, roughly when Janet would arrive home. Then she had undressed and put her clothing in the washing machine and redressed in the only other item of clothing she had. The very tightfitting leather panties that had come from the amazing shop Mistress Natasha ran. These were locked in place around her waist with two small padlocks, the keys of which were dropped in to a small plastic jar. Next, she eased a stimulator toy fully inside her already damp opening, ensuring the outer pad was nestled hard against her clit, then she padlocked the open crotch of the panties with several more locks, the keys of which went in to the same jar.

The following stage needed external help, so she sent a text to Diana...

Miss Diana. As you know I am at Miss Janet's and I am preparing a small welcome home surprise for her. Would you be able to set the Bluetooth stimulator on a half hourly cycle to run up for ten minutes in torment mode? Then shut down for twenty minutes and repeat until Miss Janet says otherwise. xxx

As she suspected it took less than a minute to get a reply.

Lucky Miss Janet. I wish I was there to watch ☹ I will do as you ask, on the condition you skype me on your phone, so I can watch from here, that will also be a good safety net. Just in case. Xxx

Alice grinned as she plugged her phone in to a power socket so the Skype call wouldn't flatten the battery. Miss Diana had made a very sensible suggestion and she felt much more confident knowing Diana would be watching over her. It was also a little arousing knowing that her sexy, unpredictable dominant would be able to see what she was about to do.

With the main items in place, Alice positioned a kitchen chair so that when Janet open her front door, she would be able to see straight through to the kitchen and where Alice would be waiting. Alice then fasten padded leather cuffs around her wrists and ankles and placed two short chains and padlocks by the rear legs of the chain and another two on the actual seat. The keys for those locks also went in to the jar, which was then sealed, and the jar placed in the washing machine with her clothes and the door closed. She started a basic wash that would take, according to the machine, eighty-seven minutes. As soon as the cycle started, and the door locked atomically, Alice unplugged it and plugged it in to the timer socket. Now she had extended her locked in and naked time to over four hours.

Alice took a breath before the next step. This was where the torment really began. She positioned her feet next to the rear legs of the chain and locked her ankle cuffs to it. Now her leather covered mound was level with the back of the chair and she had to bend forwards over the back to reach the chains and padlocks she had left on the seat.

Two soft clicks later and she was locked in to position, bent over the chair with her behind pointing towards the front door.

The stress position wasn't harsh, but it wasn't comfortable either. Alice looked up slightly to where her phone watched silently. Miss Diana's face glancing her way occasionally as she worked on her latest project, some sort of sex toy app she was developing for Mistress Natasha.

It was funny how things worked out, Alice mused. Diana had been struggling to get steady work, but after the visit to the fetish shop, Mistress Natasha had realised the untapped talent locked inside Diana's head... genius computer geek, fuelled by kinky fetish desires. As far as Alice was aware the two women had already made some ingenious discoveries. The Stimulator being one of them. All the time Alice was in the range of her phone's Bluetooth or a Wi-Fi signal, someone with the correct pairing could control and even create complex programs to tease, torment and otherwise torture the person it was inside.

Miss Diana looked up in to Alice's eyes and winked.

A buzzing began somewhere inside Alice that made her vision go blurry.

That had been three hours ago. The washing machine had just begun its wash cycle. Miss Janet was due to arrive shortly. And Alice was a sticky, sweaty, trembling mess. Again.

The ten-minute torment cycle seemed to last a long time, and the twenty-minute rest seemed to pass very quickly. Alice was trying to remember to mention to Diana that the torment setting maybe a little high, as it was supposed to bring her up and ease her down again. She had already climaxed several times and was just heading towards another one, so either it was far too powerful, or more like Miss Diana was enjoying watching Alice cum over and over via the skype.

Of course, she could easily have asked Diana to turn it down, or off even, but Alice was enjoying the torture far too much for that. Especially as she suspected Miss Diana had intentionally made her cum more times in the last three hours than she usually did in several days. Knowing that Diana was controlling her from such a distance while she was helpless to do anything about it just added to the spice of the situation.

Miss Diana's voice, sounding echoey through the phone speaker caught Alice's attention as another wave of orgasm edged upwards inside her.

"Hiya Jan." Miss Diana's said to the small screen, her own phone in her hand. "I was just thinking, if you have nothing pressing to do at home, why don't you call round to see me. I have found a really good movie you may want to watch." 

Alice stared at the screen. She was fairly sure Miss Diana wouldn't talk Miss Janet in to not returning home and was only teasing her with the possibility of being left at her mercy for an extended length of time.

Another climax burst through the banks of her resolve and what ever Miss Janet replied was lost in the roaring in her ears and the moans of pure pleasure from her own mouth.

The third (or was it forth) orgasm of that cycle was just easing away when the Tormentor stopped for her break. Alice gasped trying to steady her legs and arms that were beginning to tremble with the effort of standing in such an awkward position.

A noise from the front door heralded the arrival of Miss Janet and Alice felt a spark of joy that her alpha lover had finally found her.

"Yes Di. Just got through the door." Miss Janet's voice sounded from behind Alice. "Yes, it is a very nice surprise. I guess this was the interesting movie you were watching. Did you record it all?"

There was a pause in Miss Janet's conversation as she listened to the reply.

"I would love to watch it back with you. I really need a coffee before I do anything though. Speak later."

Alice felt a hand brush against her inner thigh briefly, then run over the leather that covered her behind and up her spine, making her arch her back.

"Hi Alice." Miss Janet greeted as she placed a light kiss on her shoulder. "How are you holding up?"

"Getting tired." Alice replied blinking away beads of sweat from her eyes.

"Keys?" Miss Janet asked as if she had been asking Alice to pass the sugar.

"In the washing machine with my clothes." Alice panted, trying not to grin as Miss Janet flushed a little at how dependant on her Alice was in this situation.

"Well Alice, you are in a fix aren't you." Miss Janet commented as she cupped a breast and pulled on a hardened nipple. "There's another twenty minutes left on the machine wash. So, I guess you are staying there for now."

'Another twenty minutes' Alice thought. That would place her in the middle of another Tormentor cycle before the washing machine door could be opened. She whimpered a little at the thought of another bout of multiple climax before she even had a chance of freedom. That was if Miss Janet deemed to let her loose.

Alice listened to Mis Janet bustle around her kitchen making coffee occasionally pausing to pinch a nipple as she pass close by. Even though her body was close to the limit of what it could take, she craved Janet's touch, and her body quivered every time a finger brushed against her skin. From where she was positioned, Alice watched Miss Janet move a chair to the side of the table nearest to her, then sit down comfortably with a mug of steaming coffee on front of her.

"You know I do worry about how hard you push yourself Alice." Miss Janet told her as she sipped her coffee. "I worry that one day you will go a little too far."

"I can take it Miss Janet." Alice replied through gritted teeth. Self-belief was the first step in any situation. If you begin with the thought of failing in your head, then expect to fail. That was a lesson that had been drilled in to her during her Corps days, and since then the thought of not being able to complete a task she had set out to do didn't even figure.

"And what if something had gone wrong?" Miss Janet asked, the concern in her voice edging the stern tone.

"Miss Diana was watching and would have raised the alarm." Alice informed her, nodding towards the phone propped up on the table. The image of Diana waved at the mention of her name.

"Well at least that was sensible." Miss Janet agrees as she ran her fingers gently down Alice's spine, smiling at the tremor her touch created.

"It was my idea." The slightly tinny voice of Diana informed from the phone, her face beaming proudly.

"Thank you, Diana." Miss Janet acknowledged. "At least one of you was thinking sensibly." Her attention turned back to the helpless Alice. "I suppose some form of punishment is in order. I do realise that you intended this as a nice surprise for me, so I will be a little more lenient."

Alice lost sight of Miss Janet as she stood and moved away from the table. There was a noise behind her that sounded like cutlery rattling, then Miss Janet reappeared, running her fingers across the naked flesh of Alice's back.

"Open you mouth please Alice." Miss Janet asked, and as Alice obeyed, she felt a teaspoon rest on her tongue and she closed her mouth around it as the spoon was withdrawn. Immediately the worst flavour invented burst in to her mouth. Marmite.

As Alice opened her mouth again to retort to the punishment, Miss Janet slipped a rubber bit in between her teeth and deftly fastened it behind her head, leaving Alice to suffer the taste of the hated substance.

"Like t or love it Alice." Miss Janet joked, suppressing a giggle. "Miss Diana, cancel Tormentor program and start a prolonged sequence starting at the lowest and working up to the highest at one-minute intervals."

"Yes Miss Janet." Miss Diana replied.

Every muscle tensed in Alice's body as the first vibrations began, her insides ached already, and every nerve was sensitive to the slightest stimuli. She knew it would take very little for her to start to climax, and for the first time, she began to doubt her own physical and mental ability to cope.

She had a second to wonder if it was possible to die from a massive climax. Then her tortured insides exploded in protest of being over worked. Her hands gripped the seat of the wooden chair as if her life depended on it, and she screwed her eyes shut as tears popped out of them. Every muscle vibrated in tune with the Tormentor and she tried vainly to scream in to the gag in her mouth.

Spike after spike of climax hit so rapidly, Alice began to lose track of what was happening. Her legs had gone completely, and her weight was all but resting on her hands and waist.

A dose of fear hit. They hadn't arranged a safeword or action. With a gag in she couldn't back out and was for the first time fully at the mercy of her situation.

More tears stung her eyes and wetted her cheeks. Saliva dribbled off her chin as her swallow reflex couldn't keep up.

The vibrations started to drop away, and Alice was vaguely aware that she was sitting on the floor, being supported by Janet. The gag was no longer in her mouth and she was breathing easier. Janet's arms were wrapped around her torso, holding her tightly.

"It's okay Alice." She was whispering. "Your safe."

As the last spasms of climax fading away Alice manage to form a few words. "You stopped it?"

Janet's arms hugged her again. "Yes honey, it was obvious you couldn't take it, so I ended it. Now do you understand why we have to think safe first?"

The memory of the flare of fear and panic was still fresh in Alice's mind, and she nodded sheepishly. "I didn't have a safeword." She croaked.

"I know honey." Janet said as she kissed Alice's sweaty hair. "Imagine what would have happened if I hadn't been here. I want you to promise me you will always plan in an escape for emergencies."

"I promise." Alice agreed quietly. She had a good idea she could have broken the chair or something to escape, but Janet was correct. She had been careless. She also realised that she needed to belong to someone more than ever.

***

"No." Janet's hand slapped down on the table to emphasis her point, causing the glasses to bounce a little and one or two patrons of the public house to glance around.

Alice's eyes met Janet's stare full on. "Why not? Give me one valid reason."

The three of them had gone out for a drink at the pub near to Alice's house. Alice wasn't wearing her earrings and therefore not being submissive. She felt she would need to be allowed to stand her ground to argue the point of what she wanted to do but needed Janet and Diana to agree and understand freely.

"Because I will not have you wearing a permeant brand of ownership." Janet hissed angrily. "Even if it is for us."

Diana's eyes flicked from Janet to Alice, the straw of her drink glued to her lips as she wisely kept quiet.

"It would be a tattoo." Alice explained. Keeping her voice tone even. "And it wouldn't be a branding, it would be a design significant to all of us that I want you all to be involved in designing."

There was a minute flicker as Janet's eyes went from Alice to Diana and back. It wasn't big, but it was a sign that Janet was considering Alice's words.

"To any one outside the three of us it would just be an unusual tattoo." Alice pressed on with her plane of attack. "It isn't like I don't have any others, and it isn't like I am having Janet's slut tattooed across my ass."

The last words hung in the air a little as Alice realise she had raised her voice a little and the bar had gone very quiet.

There was a loud sucking noise as Diana finished drawing the last of her drink through the straw.

Janet's lips twitched as she tried to suppress a smile, and within seconds both Janet and Alice were giggling like school girls.

"Okay. You've convinced me." Janet relented after they had stopped laughing. "Show me your design."

Feeling a little misty eyed, Alice pulled a very folded sheet of paper from her jacket pocket and smoothed it out on the table.

"It's a sort of submissive knot." Alice told them quietly.

The image showed three interlocked rings of Celtic design, fashioned around a heart shape. The meaning was glaringly obvious to Janet, and she felt a brief stab of pain for not looking at the image before refusing initially.

"I think it is beautiful." Diana finally spoke up, briefly touching Alice's fingers with her own. "I wouldn't add anything to it."

Janet wiped a tear from under her eye. "It is beautiful Alice. I'm sorry I doubted you."

Alice reached out and took hold of Janet's hand, squeezing it softly, as she snagged Diana's fingers entwining hers around them. "I learned a very valuable lesson the other day." She told them heartfully. "I learned I can't do this on my own, I need one or both of you to keep me in check. This is my way of showing that."

Janet took hold of Diana's free hand to link them in a circle. "We will always be here for you Alice. And if you are happier having this to remind you then I am happy for you." She smile at both women then added. "And it isn't like it is obvious as to what it is."

They were still holding hands when the petite Asian waitress drifted over to their table, smart in her black skirt and white blouse and short bobbed glossy black hair.

"Can I get you anything else?" She asked in a soft voice then spotted Alice's tattoo idea. "Hey nice submissive knot. Who's the lucky girl?"

For the second time the table fell suddenly quiet.

***

The threesome had parked a short way from the Tattoo parlour. Once again Janet had driven, just in case Alice didn't feel up to driving back after the tattooing. They walked from the carpark a few hundred yards to where the shop was located, as always Alice was in the centre with Janet and Diana either side of her, their arms linked. The handcuff earrings sparkled as they hung from Alice's ears. That was her one condition about this, she wanted to go as their submissive and for them to deal with the artist who was going to do the work. The idea of her letting them take the lead in it, not only meant a lot to Alice, it was also arousing that she was going to be marked as their submissive while being submissive. To emphasis this they had picked out a figure-hugging black leather dress for her to wear that zipped up the rear and was secured at the top by a small padlock.

Alice smiled happily as they rounded the corner.

After the waitress had spotted the supposedly hidden meaning behind Alice's chosen tattoo design, the three of them had engaged her in conversation. It didn't take long to find out, that not only was she submissive, she was also submissive to a tattoo artist, so the submissive knot design was fairly obvious to her. It also hadn't taken a great deal of time before she offered to get then a private sitting at her partner's tattoo shop.

The tattooist's came in to view, outside it there was a woman sat astride a large Harley Davidson motorcycle, drawing on an E-cigarette, its electric blue tip glowing with every drag. Alice looked her over as they approached, taking in the motorcycle as much as the person sitting on it. The bike was of similar style to the one she had owned, maybe slightly flashier, but still 70 plus cubic inches of American steel and chrome. The woman sitting on it was very different to Alice though. Where Alice was tall, broad and muscular, the dark-haired woman was skinny and dark. Black wrap sunglasses covered her eyes, and the lack of bra beneath the thin material of the dark grey vest top she wore, was readily apparent from the sharp nipples that show signs of being pierced. Both her arms were covered in sleeve tattoos with no spare inch of skin showing between the decoration. Her jet-black hair was pulled back in to a platted pony tail that hung over her left shoulder and her face was specked by more piercings than Alice had seen on one person. Both ears were lined with rings and pins, while her eyebrows, nose and lips also sported studs or rings.

Another cloud of nicotine laced vapour bellowed from the metal lined nostrils like a humanoid, steampunk dragon.

"I guess your Sami's friends." The woman spoke, her voice husky.

Janet stepped forwards taking charge of the situation. "Yes, can I assume you're Ryanna?"

A tiny smile cracked the impassive visage. "That's me, but I thought I'd be speaking to the blonde. Interesting dynamic."

A small amount of heat touched Alice's face as her role in this was recognised.

"I'm Diana." Diana interrupted. "Miss Diana that is. You have a lot of piercings. Did they hurt? Can I touch them? Do you have tattoos everywhere?" She glanced around furtively. "And I mean everywhere."
