 "Damn that Ms Walters. Only two weeks left until we graduate, and she has to assign frigging homework."

"Don't sweat it Stacie. I have an idea which will blow the little gray haired lady's mind."

"Uh oh Jenny. I don't like the way that sounds. What did you have in mind?"

"Well, the assignment was to write a short story, embellishing something that we knew first hand about. What if we both wrote erotic stories and turned them in? Wouldn't that freak out old lady Walters?"

"Are you insane!? The only experience I've ever had is giving Roger a hand job while we frenched, and you told me that when David screwed you that it lasted about 45 seconds. That hardly makes us experts, able to write an erotic story."

Immediately, there was a pause, and I could see by Jenny's wrinkled forehead that she was working on an alternative plan.

Suddenly her eyes brightened, and with a huge smile exclaimed, "I've got it! We can write about a lesbian affair."

Shocked, my mouth fell open and I whispered, fearful that someone was listening in, "Have you lost your ever loving mind? You have got to be kidding. Neither one of us are lesbians, and I've never even kissed a girl, unless you count my mother, aunt or sister."

"That's the beauty of it Stace. We're both 18 year old 'ravishing' beauties, capable of experience lust as young lesbians, and get an 'A' on the assignment."

I had know Jenny since we were both 6 years old, so I knew she was capable of crazy ideas, but this was the most insane one yet.

Over the years, Jen and I had attended PE classes together, and it was impossible not to notice her beautiful naked body in the shower, along with those of my other classmates, laughing and giggling as they soaped their firm asses and breasts.

If I felt any strange stirrings of lust in my body, I just chalked them up to curiosity, checking out the competition. Now Jen was suggesting that we go further and actually experiment as....lesbians. The idea made me feel filthy naughty, but after more coaxing, I caved in as always and agreed to give it a shot.

"Okay Jen; I'll do it, but we have to agree that if either one of us finds that it is getting too creepy, we stop and call it all off.

Jen smiled and grabbed my arm, leading me to her car and adding, "Agreed Stacey."

Once inside her car, we peeled out of the school parking lot, a little too fast, as I continued to feel apprehension. with my thoughts racing a mile a minute.

Jen explained earlier that her parents and sister were going away for the weekend, so she pulled into the driveway and we both got out. I stood frozen by the car door, looking at the large house, ready to turn me into an amoral slut.

Jen looked over the top of the car at me and said "Come on Stace; it will be okay."

I must have been in the Davis house a thousand times in the past, but never felt the anxiety that I was feeling as we entered now.

We hit the big kitchen for milk and Oreos, which had become a tradition over the years. This time however I couldn't help stare at Jen's body from head to toe as I watched her grab the pack of cookies and glasses and milk.

I had to admit that even as a 100% hetero young teen that my best friend for 12 years did have a beautiful face and body.

Jen had kicked off her sandals and pranced around the kitchen in her bare feet, toenails painted in a hot passion pink.

Her jet black hair was pulled back into a sexy bouncing ponytail that ended in the center of her back. 

The short tight shorts she wore clung to her round firm ass, and her bronzed shapely legs, slightly muscular from years of soccer, supported the rest of her 5'7" 120 pound frame perfectly.

Jenny's 36B breasts were also magnificent. I knew her breast size because we were constantly referred to as mirror images of each other, except I had blond hair. My breasts were also 36B and we constantly traded clothes.

Jen told me to grab the cookies and she grabbed the filled glasses and we went to sit on the couch in the living room.

We each grabbed a cookie and a drink and began to eat, sitting uncomfortably close to each other and staring into one another's face.

Jen finished eating first, and said "You have a little chocolate in the corner of your mouth."

I started to raise my napkin, and she startled me by saying, "Wait; let me try to get it off for you."

Slowly she moved forward and stuck out her tongue, which caused me to panic and shriek "What are you doing?!"

Jen moved back and with an exasperated huff said "I'm trying to help us gain some experience. Now calm down and relax."

She moved in again to my tensed face with my eyes scrunched closed, and gently began to lick the corner of my mouth.

After about 20 seconds of gently licking, she pulled back with a smile leaving me with a slight tingle in my pussy. Then she polished off the remainder of her milk, leaving a milk mustache on her top lip and saying "Okay Stace; now you clean me up."

"My God Jen! I don't think I can do this."

"Of course you can Stace. It's for the good of Langley High School Creative Writing class. Now take a deep breath, think like a lesbian and start cleaning."

Slowly I moved in and took a tentative lick. Her skin was soft, and her warm breath hit my lips as I cleaned the milk, and tasted her strawberry lip gloss. I was becoming lost in the moment when Jen drew back and said "I think I'm clean now."

That produced a nervous giggle out of me, and an embarrassed "Right... Sorry."

"Don't apologize Stace. That was a cool start to break the ice. Now let's go in my parents bedroom to explore a little more."

Jen took my hand and we moved down the long hall into the huge master bedroom, with the king-size bed.

On one wall was a full length mirror, and Jen stepped in front of it, pulling me along to face her.

"Ready to try a kiss Blondie?"

"This is soooooo wrong Jen, but I guess I'm ready."

Jen had her fingers locked around the back of my neck, and I joined the embrace with my arms around her back, not knowing what to expect when our lips slowly came together. I had kissed six different boys up to that point, but none of them kissed like Jen did.

She was full of tenderness and warmth, and as I peeked at the reflection in the mirror, I felt more and more turned on by her beautiful body, as her eyes remained closed and she kissed me more deeply.

She left no part of my lips untouched with her gentle exploring tongue, then slowly I moved the tip of my tongue between her full moist lips and into her warm mouth.

The beautiful brunette teen began to suck on my curious tongue, sucking and sucking, in and out, producing whimpers of pleasure from my throat. I was losing more and more control and could feel the stirring and wetness in my panties.

I didn't want the kiss to ever end, but knew that if it didn't, my legs would turn to mush and I would pass out. Both of us continued to kiss and then broke our embrace, resting our heads on each other's shoulder, both gasping for breath.

Jenny moved back, still holding my arms and with a smile on her face exclaimed, "That was incredible."

"I agree Jen. So.....what do we do now?"

"Well the kiss was great Stace, but I don't think it really qualifies us to write a lesbian love story. Are you up for undressing each other in front of the mirror, and just seeing what happens from there?"

I was scared to death from the feelings Jenny had already been able to extract from me, but I just had to see if they could be reproduced, so I agreed.

Jen smiled and slowly moved in, grabbing the bottom of the short sun dress I was wearing and slowly pulled it up, over my head. She tossed it casually on the corner of the bed, so I stood before her in wet lace panties and matching bra.

"Damn, you look HOT Stace! Now do me."

Nervously I took the bottom of Jen's T-shirt and lifted it over her head exposing her beautiful round breasts, held by her her sheer green bra.

I had to kneel to slowly move her tight shorts down over her tanned firm thighs and calves, and was now just inches from her tiny wet panties.

I had seen Jenny's luxurious bush in the showers at school, but the few hairs peeking out from the sides of her panties combined with the aroused scent of her made my heart beat faster.

I rose to stand and we embraced once again and stood cheek to cheek looking at our reflections in the mirror.

Slowly we turned back to each other and with smiles on both of our faces, simultaneously moved in for another kiss.

What started out as slow and gentle, quickly became hungry and demanding. Our tongues wrestled with a passion I had never known as our teeth nibbled and bit each other in unbridled hunger.

When I felt Jen unclasp my bra, I no longer cared that another woman was bringing me to such heights, and as my body continued to fall under her spell, she let my bra fall to my feet.

My fingers trembled from excitement instead of anxiety that I previously felt, but I managed to unclasp Jenny's bra and let it also fall to the floor.

I wanted to feast my eyes further on this beautiful young woman, so I moved my hungering mouth over her chin, and down her throat, stopping at her ripe round breast.

I took the taut pink nipple greedily into my mouth and suck, as I moved my hands to the waistband of her panties and slid them down her beautiful legs.

When they dropped to her feet and she stepped out of them, I did something totally disgusting, but I couldn't help myself; I drew the panties up to my nose and inhaled her fragrance as I continued to suck on her breast. Her aroma was incredible.

"You're making me so HOT Stace! Let me see you totally naked."

Jen bent down to remove my panties, and before she returned, she gave me several light kisses and soft licks to my blond muff. It was an experience I had never known before, not even with a boy.

I was in a daze when Jenny stood again, and with that same beautiful smile, she took my hand and led me to the huge bed.

I had no will left to say 'no' as she gently lay me back fully on the bed.

Gently she kissed me once again. Her hands began to massage and explore my breasts as she licked and bit my ear and whispered how beautiful I was.

Slowly the raven haired teen moved her fingers down over my taut stomach, then lower, doing a gentle dance around my blond curls.

I was unable to close my legs, no matter how much my mind was shrieking that lesbianism is just wrong. I no longer cared.

Jenny made long sensuous strokes, up and down the crack of my pussy as she alternated between each of my rock hard nipples.

When she inserted an index finger slightly into my hot moist love box, I shrieked with startled ecstasy.

She thrust in and out repeatedly as she continued to suck on each nipple, almost to the point of pain.

My ass was writhing up to meet her wonderful fingers as my whole body spasmed around the bed, and finally I could take no more, and came with a gusher for the first time in the hands of another person...who happened to be a gorgeous young woman.

I had never experienced something so mind blowing in my life. Slowly my spasms ceased, and my chaotic breathing returned to normal.

Jenny moved up and lay beside me once again and placed gentle kisses on my cheek as she whispered, "Can we try one more thing Stace?"

I smiled and said "We may both rot in Hell for what we're doing, but right now, you can do anything you want with me."

I had no idea what Jenny had in mind, but it was true; at that point I had never experienced such bliss, and didn't care the slightest if I was becoming a lesbian.

Jen slowly knelt and moved toward my feet, placing more kisses and love bites all over my upper body, down my stomach and in and out of my navel.

When she reached the top of my blond snatch with her lips, she took her left leg and slowly moved it over me, so her beautiful ass and pussy were a mere foot from my face.

I had never in my life seen a woman's sex so close, or been able to see her moist lips glisten, and the newness was overwhelming, but the scent of my lover was awesome and intoxicating.

I just had to smell this beautiful teen once more, so I doubled a pillow under my head and I was now a mere 3 inches from her hot wet pussy and ass.

Jenny's spread legs allowed me to view the pink puckered opening of her ass, which turned me on beyond belief, and though I felt so ashamed, I slowly moved my nose forward to try and take in her most personal nasty scent. God it was wonderful! Combine that with the scent of her pussy and my head was spinning with lust.

Over and over I shyly sniffed both of her openings, then I felt the tip of Jen's tongue electrify my entire body as she licked up and down my slit and inexperienced pussy.

It felt incredible as she probed with her wonderful tongue, instinctively knowing how to please a woman.

I knew it was bad enough to kiss and smell another woman, but a part of me wanted to taster her also, but I didn't know if I had the guts to try it.

Jenny continued to lick and send me higher and higher and when she gently sucked in my clit, my whole body tensed as I screamed out in pleasure.

That is when I knew I had to taste my best friend, and try to show her at least a tenth of the sheer ecstasy she was showing me.

Not knowing really how to proceed, I moved in slowly and gave slow gentle licks up and down her pussy lips. The taste was incredible and I moved my tongue a little deeper past the dark black curls and slightly into her pink moist opening.

I was encouraged by hearing her moans of pleasure, so I continued to explore with my inexperienced tongue.

Still not convinced that I knew what I was doing, I decided to take a chance, and made my tongue as hard and long as possible, then thrust it deeply into her warm delicious cunt.

This caused Jen to cry out and thrust her pussy hard and fast, fucking my tongue for all she was worth.

Both of us now had death grips on each other's body as we licked and sucked and drank each other's warm delicious juices.

Over and over we plunged our tongues into each other's snatch, as our young naked bodies slammed together in lust and sweat. The actions became a blur as the scent of hot pussy filled the air and finally neither of us could take anymore as we cried out and came simultaneously.

Jenny cam crashing down on my face with her ass and pussy, as her beautiful face lay totally spent between my open legs.

Slowly she moved up to me with a lazy smile and gave me a gentle kiss on the lips, adding. "That was the most earth shattering orgasm any woman has ever received."

The rest of the weekend we shared a wonderful shower, had friendly naked wrestling matches... always ending in sex, and even though I hate to admit it since it is so disgusting, enjoyed a wonderful delicious mutual rim job.

Neither of us had the guts to turn in a lesbian story, but we did manage to learn more and more about the ways to please a woman before we graduated and headed off to different universities.

I don't think either one of us will give up chasing after big juicy cocks, but I did learn that summer how incredible a beautiful woman could taste.

The End