 CHAPTER ONE

A well-known man in the Nelspruit community, John Carpenter, took his wife and two sons out camping for a weekend in a woodland reserve. His daughter, Jane, could not go with them, as she was in Pretoria University righting her final exams majoring in archaeology and doing her final level in martial arts as a sport. The older son, Graeme, had enlisted in the army and only had a few days to spend with his family. The younger son, Josh, had one more here to finish from high school. Their mother, Jessica worked in real estate as a sales representative. 

They set up camp a few steps away from the Orange River under a big couple of hundred year's old tree next to the river at the very same spot they chose every year. The river provided fresh water and the tree provided much needed shade from the harsh South African sun. The men were put up the tent and setting out the needed camping gear and started a fire for Jessica to start preparing a quick lunch. It started getting dark and later as they settled in around the fire telling stories that no-one would believe. 

They suddenly fell silent as John stood up grabbing the flashlight in his hands which he kept close with his .45 for safety. He had shown the light in the direction of where the noise came from, only to find an old looking lady standing there behind a neck-high bush mumbling something.

He suddenly noticed that he could not move a muscle except for his head. He looked around to his wife and sons to see if they were alright. It was the same with them; they couldn't move a muscle either. The old lady walked closer standing in front of each of them starting with John, then Jessica, then Josh and finally Graeme taking from each of them what she needed. 

She took from the first three vital organs butchering them to death and from Graeme she took only a little of his blood leaving him for dead. They could not even scream as they were paralysed in a way they could not understand. They all fell to the ground dead except for Graeme. The first and only thought going through his head at the time was his sister. He had to hold on to the life he had left. They were very close. He watched in horror as the lady walked away and didn't even look back. She had no remorse in her eyes.

When Graeme was sure that the lady was gone he scraped together the strength he had left and crawled on his belly through the woodland looking for help. He followed the river downstream remembering that he saw a vehicle there a kilometre or two back when they first arrived, hoping that they were still there. He found a young couple busy cleaning up after themselves after having dinner. 

The young man heard rustling in the bushes and long grass. He grabbed a flashlight and went to check it out only to find a wounded young man hanging on to life. He called his wife and had her help him get the wounded Graeme in the car so they could get him to a hospital. 

Five days later the reserve officers were patrolling the grounds with their four wheelers. They saw smoke in the distance. They figured that someone had probably forgotten to put their fire out for safety. As they reached the camp site they got off their vehicles in horror not believing what they saw before them.

A whole family found dead. They called it in over the radio to the closest police serves. One started checking the bodies for any sort of identities. He found their I.D. books in the woman's purse lying in the tent. He only saw three bodies but there were four I.D.'s in the purse. The other officer saw what his partner had found and walked around. He spotted a blood trail following it to a camp site but no-one was there.

Jane was busy at home when she got a call from the police nearest to the reserve. She fell to her knees and started sobbing dropping the phone to the ground. She wrote her last exam papers early this morning. Jane was over thrown with grief and a sudden urge to find the person responsible herself.

She knew that she couldn't really rely on the police. She packed a backpack with things she needed to keep herself alive for a couple of days. She went to her room and put clothes on more suited for her journey. 

Jane wore her camouflage gear with her hiking boots that she always wore when the whole family went camping. She grabbed the bag and her car keys she had ready by the door and set out to the reserve.

She got to the reserves gate being pulled off by a guard and told her to be careful because there was an incident by the river. She went to their usual camping site and found only remnants of a crime scene. 

Of course the police took everything in as evidence but she noticed something. She saw a broken twig on a bush and investigated. Jane followed the tell-tale signs straight to an old wooden cabin.

It was musty and the wood looked ancient in contrast to the trees and bushes growing around it. She noticed that the police was here as well. She entered the cabin and looked around. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. There were dead animals hanging from the ceiling, a big table in one corner with all kinds of jars on it. 

The jars had something in them but she didn't even want to know what was inside it. She stepped a little forward and noticed something else out the corner of her eye. She looked to her left and realised that she was dealing with a witch. There was a pentagram on the wall with a similar one underneath it on the floor. 

She saw a fire place with a cauldron in it and next to that something that looked like a note book. She opened it to the first page only to find scribbles and on the inside over the front cover a single name. It read Brumilda, Jane kept the book using it as a way to find the witch.

After her findings in the cabin her trail led to a dead end a year later. She studied everything on witches and magic. Jane taught herself a little white magic and learned that black magic and white magic each had its own language. She learnt to read, wright and speak both. It took her a whole year to gather up the information she needed to find the witch.

She read in the newspaper of a similar case in Richards Bay another year later and decided to move down. She had nothing left here, no family, nothing was keeping her in this city. She sold everything she had inherited after her graduation from the University and left. In her two year journey she found other dark witches and burned every single one of them, becoming an expert in witch hunting.

She bought a house on the beach enclosed and secluded from every other house on the beach. After six months there unsuccessful in finding the witch, she gave up on the hunt. Jane then bought a small shop across the park and started a coffee shop. Jane spent every day at lunchtime sitting alone at a bench and table wishing that things could have been different.

Jane was sitting in the park having lunch at a bench close to a hotdog stand. She was listening to the birds singing and the kids playing on the jungle gyms. She looked up into the distance and saw the most beautiful woman standing against a tree watching her. The woman had a long flowing summer dress on. Her hair was long and straight flowing, kind of brown in colour. The dress she wore showed off all of her curves. 

She was walking toward Jane with her long hair waving in the wind and Jane noticed sandals on her feet. Her heart started pounding in her throat. What was she going to say to this beauty of a woman? Jane looked down and took a sip of her soft drink to sooth her dry throat. 

Then finally the young woman stood next to Jane. She looked up into her eyes. For a moment she got lost in her big dark brown eyes. She must have had a blank look on her face because the woman just smiled at her. 

"Is this seat taken?" She asked Jane.

"No, it's not taken, be my guest." Jane answered.

She could have taken a seat right across from Jane, but she chose to sit next to her.

Her hips rubbed against Jane's as she sat down. She felt a shiver run down her spine and cleared her throat. She smelled like strawberries. Her lips were plump and red. Her skin tanned, suggesting that she spends a lot of time in the sun. 

"What is your name?" She asked.

"My name is Jane." She answered her looking into her eyes. 

"What is your name?" Jane asked her.

"My name is Alexandra, but everyone calls me Alex."

They clicked straight away. As they sat there talking about everything and anything, they both lost track of time. 

It started getting late. Jane looked at her watch and realised that she forgot to open up the shop again. Its one o'clock in the afternoon. She usually re-opens it at twelve. 

"Would you like to have a cup of coffee at my shop across the street?" Jane asked her hoping for a yes.

She looked at Jane for a moment in silence. "Sure. I don't have anything else to do."

They both stood up and then Alex followed Jane to the shop. Opening the door, Jane felt Alex stand very close to her. She could feel the heat radiating from her warm body. Jane walked in and flipped the 'closed' sign to 'open'. 

Alex walked in and sat at the counter on one of the tall bar chairs. As Jane walked around the counter to serve up some coffee, she couldn't think of anything to say. 

As if Alex read her mind she asked Jane; "Have you lived here in Richards Bay for long?"

"No I moved here about two years ago from Nelspruit." Jane explained. 

"I haven't seen you around here before?" Jane asked her while putting a hot cup of coffee down in front of her.

"I just moved here from Durban today. I sold all my belongings and bought a small house on the beach."

"Where on the beach is that? I also own a house on the beach. I have my own little private peace of ocean sectioned off with rocks. It's the only one on the whole beach in this area." 

"I actually bought the beach house right next to a rock wall. It is right in front of the old light house."

"That is where I live. Small world, isn't it?"

"Yes it definitely is. I have to confess though. I saw you this morning taking a swim." Alex answered blushing slightly.

"You did? Oh my, that must have been so awkward to see me take a skinny dip? I swim every morning after my gym session." Jane answered blushing crimson looking down at her feet so Alex wouldn't see.

"It was a bit awkward. After that I took a walk to get to know the neighbourhood. During my walk I found the park and stood there for a while looking around. That's when I saw you again sitting at the bench alone."

Alex took a sip of her coffee. "I knew you looked familiar in the park so I thought I would make sure and just introduce myself."

Jane took a sip of her coffee and looked up blushing crimson. Alex looked into her green eyes and just smiled. 

"I'm going to lock up at five o'clock. Would you like to stay and wait for me to finish up? We could walk home together?" 'What are you doing Jane?' She asked herself. 'You met this woman today and already you're trying to flirt with her.' 

While Jane was standing there, fighting with herself in her head, making a fool of herself, Alex answered her; "Yes." 

Jane looked up at Alex in surprise. For a brief moment their eyes locked. Theye just stared at each other. Alex's eyes were glistening; she had a faint smile on her face. 

They both knew what was happening between them. Jane turned around and pretended to be busy with something. 

A customer came in as she turned around to ask Alex something. It was George one of her regulars. "Hi George, you want the usual?"

"Hi Jane, yes please. That would be very nice."

Jane served him a cup of tea, no sugar, no milk with a slice of cake. He sat at his usual table in the corner next to the window. George always comes in half an hour before Jane cashes up and locks the shop. 

As Jane served him his tea and cake he gave her a fifty rand note and said to keep the change for the next day. He always did that because he hated to carry change in his pockets. "Sure no problem George, enjoy."

Jane turned around and noticed that Alex has a small tattoo of a butterfly on her shoulder. 

"I see you also like butterflies. I have a bigger one between my shoulder blades."

She turned around and looked at Jane confused at first. "Oh, you mean the tattoo? Yes, I love butterflies."

Jane just smiled and started to cash up the till. After George left she cleaned his table. 

"Okay, let's go." Jane said as she turned off the lights. 

By the time Jane got to the door Alex was already waiting outside for her. Jane flipped the 'open' sign, put the alarm on and locked the door. 

Alex and Jane walked in silence down the street for a while. 

"I'm going to a club tonight; would you like to join me?"

Alex didn't even think about it. "Yes, I would love to."

"Great." Jane answered as they reached the beach.

They walked very slow talking about little things that didn't even make sense. They were both a little nervous at the time. They didn't even notice the sun setting and getting dark all around them. 

When they reached Alex's house she went inside inviting Jane in. Her place was very small. Jane stood at her kitchen door and could see everything she was doing. She was slipping out of her summer dress put clean under wear on and put on a pair of tight jeans that clung to her curves with a t-shirt showing off her breasts and a little cleavage. Jane noticed every one of her curves, it felt a bit awkward so Jane waited outside while she got ready, then they got to Jane's place.

It was dark out so Alex couldn't see much of Jane's home. Jane invited her in so that she would be comfortable while waiting for her. Jane put her black jeans on with a white button down shirt and black Bronx. When Jane came around the corner of the passage Alex looked stunned. 

"What's wrong Alex? Do I look okay?"

"Yes, you look............ how can I say it............ quite uhm............ handsome." Alex said out of focus.

"Why thank you very much." Jane said with a smug smile on her face.

Jane led Alex to her car and held the passenger door open for Alex holding her hand out. She looked at Jane, took her hand in hers and just smiled as Jane helped her into the car.

"And you're a real gentleman to?" She said getting into the car. 

Jane ran around the front of the car very impressed with herself. 'Alex called me a gentleman, that's a good start.' Jane got into the car, started the engine and pulled away.

"So where are you taking me Jane?"

"I'm taking you to my favourite club just outside of town. It's not a very big place but it's very cosy. It's called the red lantern. Have you ever been there?"

"No I haven't been there before." Alex answered.

Jane parked the car right outside the door and got out. She ran around the car, opened the door for Alex and extended her hand. Alex extended her hand out to Jane's and got out of the car. 

Alex hooked her arm into Jane's then they went inside the club. They had a few drinks and danced most of the time away. The music was very loud. The coloured lights highlighted every move Alex made around. She danced very sexy; Jane couldn't keep her eyes off of Alex. 

After a few songs, they took a break and found a seat. Jane excused herself and went to the ladies room. When she got back some drunken guy was standing there trying to get Alex to dance with him. Alex didn't look very interested so Jane stepped in. When Alex saw Jane walking up to them Jane winked at her. 

Jane stood next to Alex, bent down and kissed her on the lips.

"Are you ready to go Baby?" Jane asked her staring at the drunken fool.

"Yes I'm ready to go Honey." Alex said playing along with Jane.

He was so shocked they thought he sobered up at that very moment. 

"Hey sorry dude, I thought this pretty lady was here alone."

"Yeah, no harm done pall." He turned around and went to the bar. 

Jane sat down next to Alex. She was a little shaken up.

"Are you okay Alex?"

"Yes I'm okay, thank you for the quick save."

"Oh, it was nothing." Jane turned around and motioned at the barman for two drinks. At that moment Jane saw that same guy standing with his friends, they were all laughing at him. He didn't look very happy with what just happened.

"Oh that makes me so mad. Some men can be so inconsiderate."

"Don't worry about it Jane, their just being men."

The barman brought them their drinks and smiled. 

"You ladies be careful now, these men can get very rowdy when their drunk." He said as Jane paid for the drinks.

"Thanks for the advice man, I can take care of us both; did you see the whole thing?" Jane asked him.

"Yes I did." He smiled again and walked away.

Alex and Jane finished their drinks and left the club. As they came out the door Jane noticed that same guy was following them outside.

"Alex can you please get into the car quickly, take the keys and lock yourself inside? I sense a little trouble coming up."

"Okay, will you be alright?"

"Yes I'll be alright. Now go."

Alex did as Jane asked. The man came stumbling out the door with his two friends following him. His friends were shouting at him. 

"Come on Samuel leave those ladies alone!"

He didn't even say a word; he just started swinging punches at Jane, but missed every time.

"Hey come on man. I don't want any trouble." Jane said trying to calm the man down.

He through another punch but Jane caught his fist with her one hand in mid-air inches away from her face. He swung his other fist at Jane and caught that one as well.

Jane knocked him in the face with her forehead, kicked him in the groin and left him. He dropped to his knees onto the ground. 

His two friends picked him up. Jane stood ready to use her martial arts on another attack. 

"Hey we're so very sorry lady. We didn't mean for any trouble." The one guy said to me.

"Samuel, how are we going to explain that broken nose to your wife?" They said as they took their friend and shoved him into a car and drove off.

Alex came running to Jane from the car grabbing her face into her hands.

"Are you okay Jane?" She asked checking every inch of Jane.

"Yes I'm okay; he didn't even touch me once. Let's go home, shall we Baby?"  

"Yes let's go home Honey."

They both joked as they got into the car. Jane was as calm outside the club as she was telling the guy off inside the club. 

"You didn't tell me that you knew martial arts? That was really brave what you did back there."

"Oh, I rarely use my knowledge of martial arts. I actually forget sometimes that I know how to fight. I learned it during my days in University for protection. The boys didn't like me much because I usually stole their girls. I was targeted around every corner."

"You stole their girls? Are you a ............"

"A lesbian?" Jane finished the sentence for her. 

"Yes I am." Jane saw a faint smile on her face.

They arrived home; Jane parked the car and opened the door for her and extended her hand. She extended her hand and got out of the car. Jane led Alex to Jane's front door.

"Would you like to come in for some coffee?" 

"Maybe some other time it has been a long and interesting day. But you can walk me home if you would like to?"

"Sure, I can do that." 

Jane walked with her all the way to her front door. Jane was looking around the beach while she was opening her door.

"Thank you for going out with me; I had a lot of fun tonight."

"It is I who should be thanking you; I had a lot of fun as well."

They stood in front of her door in silence for a few seconds, and then Alex leaned forward and kissed Jane on the cheek.

"Good night Jane."

"Good night Alex."

Alex went inside and closed her door. Jane stood there for a while then turned around and headed home jumping around like she just hit the jackpot.
